THE

STATUTES at Large, 8cc.

Anno regni GEORGII III.

Regis, quadragefim

AT	the Parliament	begun and holden at Weftminfter, the Sixteenth Day November, Anno Domini 1802, in the Forty-third Tear of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,	King, Defender of the	j and

from thence continued, by feveral Prorogations, to the Fifteenth Day of January 1805 > being the Third Sejjion of the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP, I.

An aft for continuing and granting to his Maj’efty certain duties upon malt, in Great Britain, for the feryice of the year one thoufend eight hundred and five.—[February 7, 1805.]

CAP. II.

An ad for continuing and granting to his Majefty a duty on penfions* offices, and perfona) eftates, fn England 5 and certain duties on fugar, malt, tobacco, and fnuff, in Great Britain, for the fervjce of the year one thoufand eight hundred and five.—[February 7, 1805.]

C A P. III.

An aft to remedy certain omiffions in an faffed in the laji feffion of parliament, intituled, An act for the relief of certain infol-vent debtors.—[February 7, 1805.]

WHEREAS an afl9 pajfed in the laji feffion of parliamenty

intituled, An a& for the relief of certain infolvent debtors, 44 Geo. 3, Vol. XLV.	Nn	didc-10**

546 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Grorgii III. c. 3. [1805.

did not contain proviftons adequate to the relief of all the perfons to whom it wo 5 meant to ext end, by reafon that feveral prifoners who were in cuftody on the fift day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four, and had continued in cujlody from that time to the time of the pajfmg of the faid aft? and alfo until and at the time of tne making out of the lifts, by the faid aft directed to be made% during the time of fuch their imprifonment, been removed by writ Habeas Corpus, or by other meam from one prifon to another, after the faid firjl day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four% and before the making out of fuch lifts; and alfo becaufe the form of the lifts by that aft required to be made and delivered by the feveral gaolers or keepers of prifom within this kingdom, and the form of the oath by them feverally in and by the fame oft required to be taken, do not comprehend and apply to the cafe of prifoners fo removed as herein-before mentioned: for remedy whereof bie it enadled by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament Gaolers (hall aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and

addition t* *** a^ter t^le Pa^nS	a<^>	anc*	everY gaoler or gaolers,

thofe under keeper or keepers of any prifon within this kingdom, fcall be, recited adt, of and are hereby required,* in addition to the lift in and by the faid prifoners in	a<5t dire died to be made, to make a true, exa£t, and perfect lift,

cuftody of	alphabetically, of the name or names of all and every perfon or

perfons who having been, upon the firft day of January one 9 thoufand eight hundred and four, a prifoner or prifoners in the cuftody of fome gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of fame prifon in this kingdom, fhall have fince continued to be a prifoner or prifoners in a&ual cuftody, and at the time of making out every fuch lift fo hereby required fhall be really an a&ual prifoner or prifoners in the cuftody of the gaoler or gaolers, v keeper or keepers of the prifon, making and delivering fuch lift; which lift, when made, fhall be delivered and dealt with in like manner, and be effectual for the like purpofe, as in and by the faid act is directed in refpeft to the lifts therein mentioned.

Oath to be II. And be it further enafted, That the warden of his Majcfty's ifillf anf deli Pr^on	Fleet and marfhal of the King’s-Bench prifon, and

vered. * every other gaoler and gaolers, keeper and keepers of any other prifon within this kingdom, (hall, feverally, on the delivering in of any fuch lift of prifoners as herein-above required, take an oath in the open court of general quarter feffion of the peace, or at fome adjournment thereof, to the following effeft; that is to fay.

Oath.	‘T A B. upon my corporal oath, in the prefence of Almighty

A God, do folemnly fwear, profefs, and declare. That all and every perfon and perfons whofe name or names is or are inferted and contained in the lift, by me now delivered in and fubferibed, now are really and truly prifoners in my aftual cuftody, in the prifon of	and	have, to the beft of my knowledge

and belief, continually fo been ever fince the refpe&ive days and times of their being committed to my cuftody, m fuch lift mentioned >

Digitized

1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto GeoRgii III. c. 3.	547

tioned; and that it appears by the feveral returns and affidavits of the feveral gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of prifons, in whofe cuftody the faid feveral perfons have been previous to their being committed to my cuftody, and which feveral returns and affidavits are true to the beft of my knowledge and belief, that they were really and truly prifoners in adtual cuftody on the firft day of 'January one thoufand eight hundred and four, and have ever afterwards continued fo to be until and at the refpec-tive days and times of their being committed to my cuftody, as in fuch lift are mentioned.	4	So	help	me GOD.*

Which faid oath, and the words thereof, lifts, and copies of lifts, (hall be entered, kept, and dealt with, in manner in the faid adt diredted refpedting the oath, lifts, and copies of lifts, therein mentioned.

III. And be it further enadted, by the authority aforefaid,

‘That all and every the claufes, powers, provifions, penalties, re- Powers of regulation^, and diredtions, in the faid adt mentioned, (hall apply ^tend to^his to the cafes of prifoners meant to be difcharged under this adt, aft, in the fame manner as if the faid claufes, powers, provifions, penalties, regulations, and diredtions, were herein exprefsly in. ferted and enadted : provided always. That nothing in this pre* fent adt contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the cafe of any prifoner, or in any manner to authorife the difcharge of any prifoner, who would not have been entitled to be difcharged under and by virtue of the faid adt herein-above mentioned, if fuch prifoner, being in the cuftody of any gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of any prifon within this kingdom, on the firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four, had afterwards continued in cuftody in the fame prifon up to the time of paffing the faid adt, and of making out the lifts by ^ha^ adt directed to be made, and had not been removed therefrom fas is herein-above mentioned.

; IV. And whereat it may have happened in fome'inflames thatprU foners who were in cuftody on the firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four, and had fo continued from that time to the time of pajftng the faid aft, but who, during the time of Juch their imprifonment had been removed as is herein-above, mentioned, may, through inadvertence and miftake as to the extent and meaning of the provifions of the faid adt pajfed in the faid laft feffton of parliament, have been unduly difcharged in fuppofed purfuance of the fame: and whereas it is expedient that fuch difch urges, and all orders made and atls done relative thereto, Jhould be rendered valid and effectual, and that all perfons concerned therein Jhould be indemnified apdfaved harm-lefts on account of the fame, in all cafes wherein the prifoners fo difcharged would have been entitled to be difcharged if this prefent aft had then been made: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the difcharge of every prifoner heretofore made Indemnity for ' under the fuppofed authority of the faid adt of parliament in that ^ difcharge behalf, (hall be good and eftedtual in law to all intents and ptif-^ pofes, and in refpedt to all perforwhatfoever in every cafe in cafes under

n n 2	which	recited aft.

which thq prifoner fo difcharged would have been entitled to be j difcharged if this prefent act had then been made; and all and I every the claufes, powers, provifions, penalties, regulations, and ! diredlions, in the faid adt mentioned, (hall apply to and be available in refpedl of the cafe of every fuch prifoner fo difcharged I as lall aforefaid ; and that if any adtion of efcape, or any other j adlion or fuit, {hall have been or (hall hereafter be brought againft any juftice orjuftices of peace, (herifF, the warden of his Majefty’s prifon of the Fleet, the marfoal of the King’s-Bench prifon, or any other keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers of any y prifon in this kingdom, or other perfon concerned in fuch dif- j charge for or on account of the difcharge of any fuch prifoner urfder the fuppofed authority of the faid adt in that behalf, that v then, in every fuch cafe, he or they may plead the general ifTue, and give this adt and the fperial matter in evidence in bar of fuch adtion or fuit; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein be nonfuited, or a verdidt {hall pals, or judgement be had therein, \ upon demurrer againft him or them, the defendant or defendants 1 {hall have his or their treble cofts; provided that, in cafe any | fuch adtion of efcape, or other adtion or fuit, brought on the 1 account aforefaid, (hall be depending at the time of the pafftng '	of	this	adt, the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein fhall be at liberty to

difcontinue the fame without payment of cofts.

' CAP. IV.	j

An a£l to continue, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next I fefiion of parliament, an a£t, made in the laft feflion of parliament, for j continuing an adt to empower the lord-lieutenant'or other chief j governor or governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain fuch perfons I as he or they (hall fufpe<ft for confpinng againft his Majefty’s perfon I and government. — [ February aa, 1805.]

43 Geo. 3. c. 99.

C A P. V.

An aft for explaining and amending an aft made in the forty •third year of his prefent Majejly, for confolidating certdin of the provi-fans contained in any aft or afts relating to the duties under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, andfor amending the fame, fo far as relates to the power of afting as * commiffioners in certain di/irifts. — [February 22, 1805.]	j

WHEREAS by an aft, paffed in the forty-third year of the \ reign of his prefent Majejiy, intituled, An adt for confoli- I dating certain of the provifions contained in any adt or adts j relating to the duties under the management of the com-.miffioners for the affairs of taxes, and for amending the fame, j the commiffioners appointed to carry into execution the faid aft> and I other afts to be executed under the regulations thereof are required } to poffefs certain qualifications therein-mentioned, and to he refident in | the difiriftfor which they aft; and it is expedient to remove tty faid I rejlriftions in the cafes herein-mentioned: may it therefore pleafe I your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the * King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and j

confent )

-	i

Digitized by Google	|

1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto, Georgii III. c. 6, j. 549

confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid a£ls (hall not be conftrued to reftrain any Benchers may bencher of any of the inns of court from adling as fuch commif-iioner for fuch inn of court, and the inns belonging thereto, the |nnsr8f whether of law or equity; nor any of the officers who, by court} and virtue of their offices, have heretofore ailed in the execution of officers ailing the land-tax all, from ailing as fuch commiffioner in the liberty *n e*e" of the palaces of Whitehall and Saint James's\ and no other j^^tax may qualification (hall be required of any fuch bencher or officer ad as com-aforefaid, than the pofleflion of fuch places or Qffices refpedtively, miffioners for and who refpedlively (hall and may all therein, although they Whitehall and (hall not be refideni; within the diftridl for which they (hall a£t. • Jaraes *•

II.	And be it further enadled, That perfons refiding in either Perfons ap-of the payifiles of Saint Clement's Danes, Saint Mary le Strand, or pointed com-Saint John the Baptiji, in the liberty-of the Savoy, parts thereof

being (ituate in the county of Middlcfex and other parts in theD^nef?er^ 8 city and liberty of Wejlminjler, being fpecially named and may alt as ‘ appointed commiffioners for the (aid county of Middlefex, or for fuch for any the faid city and liberty of Wejlminjler, and being duly qualified div’ifion within as direded by the faid firfi-mentioned ad, may ad as fuch1 e dme* commiffioners for any or all of the divifions or diftrids within the faid parifties, or any of them ; any thing in the faid firft-xnentioned ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enaded, That no perfon hereby Indemnity for authorifed to ad as a commiffioner for the diftrids before named, having plted fhall be liable to any penalty inflided by the faid firff-mentioned Jj"r^ed by-ad, for having aded in the execution thereof in the manner in this ad.

this ad direded; nor (hall any ad by them done, according to the regulations of this ad, in the feveral inns of court and the liberty of the palaces aforefaid, be impeached for or on account •of the want of fuch qualification as is required by the faid ad, nor in any of the diftrids mentioned in this ad, for or on account of the non-refidence in the diftrids for which they ad.

CAP. VI.

An ad to indemnify fuch perfons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and for extending the times limited for thofe purpofes refpedively until the twenty-fiftit day of December one thoufand eight hundred and five, and to permit fuch perlons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors to make and file the fame on or before the firft day of Michaelmas term, one thoufand eight hundred and five.—[February *2,

*8oj.]

CAP. VII.

An ad for raifing the fum of three millions by loans or exchequer-bills, for the fervice of Great Britain, for the year one thoufand eight hundred and five. — [February ti, 1805.]

Commiffioners of the treafury' may raife 3,000,000/. by loans and exchequer-bills, in like manner as is prdcribed by the malt ad ot this feflion, c. 1. concerning loans, &c. The claufes, &c. in the faid ad relating to

loans

Digitized by L^ooQie

37 Geo. c. ;o.

42 Geo. c. 8.

loans or exchequer-bills, (exception) extended to this ad. Exchequer-bills to bear an intereft not exceeding $d, %q. per centum per diem. Exchequer-bills fo ifiued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before Jan. 5, 1806. Adion not to lie for fucn i^efufal. Principal and intereft, with charges, to be repaid out of the fupplies to be granted in this feflion. Bank of England authored to advance the whofc fum on the credit of this ad.

C A P. VIII.

An aft for amending an aft, puffed in the loft fejjion of parliament, for granting additional annuities to the proprietors of flock created by two afts, paffed in the thirty-feventh and forty-fecondyears of his prefent Majejly.— [March 1, 1805.]

WHEREAS an aft, pajfed in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majfiy, intituled, An ad for raifing the fum of eighteen millions by way of annuities: and whereas an aft, pajfed in the forty fecond year of the reign of bis prefent 3* Majejly, intituled, An ad for granting annuities to fatisfy certain exchequer-bills, whereby certain annuities were created, at and after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and were made part of the capital or joint flock of annuities created by the faid firjl recited aft: and whereas it was by the faid firfl recited aft enafted% that, after two years from the end of the then prefent war and ratification of the definitive treaty of peace thereupon, at any period offix months, ending on the fifth day of April or the tenth day of Odober in, any year, it Jhould and might be lawful for any contributor, his, her, or their executors or adminijlrators, fuccejfors or affigns, to make application to the governor and company of the. bank 3/ England, to have the faid annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum thereby granted, redeemed or paid off, or converted into other annuities, as therein after is mentioned, at his, her, or their el eft ion; and that after fix months previous notice offuch his, her, or their intention, the faid annuities Jhould be redeemed and paid off, or converted into fuch annuities accordingly: and whereas the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled did, on the eighth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety fix, refolve that the fum of eighteen millions be raifed by annuities; and did alfo refolve that every contributor to the faid fum of eighteen millions Jhould, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal fum of bne hundred and twelve pounds ten Jhillings in annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of Odober one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, and to be irredeemable, unlefs with the confent of the proprietors thereof, until the expiration of three years from the period at which the exijling annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, Jhould be redeemed and paid off, or the intereft payable thereon reduced\ that every proprietor of the faid annuities Jhould, at his defire, on three months notice, be entitled at any period of time, not lej's than two years after the end of the prefent war and ratification of the definitive treaty of peace thereupon, to have the faid annuities redeemed, either by the payment of one hundred pounds for

4	every

Digitized by

Google

1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto GeorgiiTII. c. 8.	551

every one hundred pounds of fuch annuities, or of one hundred and thirty-three pounds fix /hillings and eight-pence capital in the three pounds per centum confolidated annuities, at the option of fuch proprietor ; and whereas an aft pajfed Iin the laft fcffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting additional annuities to the proprietors of flock created by two afts, pa/fed in the thirty-feventh and forty-fecond years of his prefent Majefty: and whereas certain of the proprietors of flock, created by the two firjl recited aftr, have, in purfuance of the provifions of the faid lajl-re cited aft, taken annuities granted by the faid aft for fuch Jflock: and whereas certain of the other proprietors offuch flock, to the amount of four millions four hundred and forty-eight thoicfand eight hundred and feventeen pounds four Jhillings and fix-pence capitalflock, did, on or before the tenth day of October one thoufand eight hundred and four, fignify to .the governor and company of the bank of England their eleftion to have the fame paid off in money on the fifth day of April next: and whereas it is expedient that provifion Jhould be made, for redeeming and paying off the faid annuities by converting the fame into ether annuities at the option of fuch. proprietors on certain terms: may it , therefore pleafe vour Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it en^fted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advvle and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the ■ authority of the fame, That all perfons and bodies politick and	ftock

corporate, poflefTed of any capital flock in the annuities after the jn the 5 per rate of five pounds per centum per annum, granted by the faid cent, annui-recited afts of the thirty-feventh and forty-fecond years afore- granted faid, who did, on or before the tenth day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and four, fignify, to the governor and fyjng^o the company of the banlc of England their eleftion to have the fame Bank, before paid off in money on the fifth day of April next; and who fhall, March ir, bv themfelves or any agents duly authorifed, further fignify t0 *ktir tne faid governor and company of the bank of England, on or	be-

before the eleventh day of March one thoufand eight hundred nefitofthis and five* their defire to take the benefit of the terms contained adt, thall be in this aft, Tnall, from and after the fifth day of April one ent!tled to . thoufand eight hundred and five, be entitled to receive, for t\e$*ashtre\i\ every one hundred pounds of fuch capital flock, and in lieu mentioned, thereof, fo much capital flock, either in the confolidated annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, created by an aft, made in the twenty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty, and feveral fubfequent afts, receiving thereon one half year’s dividend on 'the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five, or fo much capital flock in reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as fhall be equal in value to one hundred pounds fterling, together with fuch further fum in the faid laft-rr.entioned capital flock as fhall be equal in value to ten (hillings fterling on every one hunched pounds of fuch capital ftock in reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, the intereft whereon to commence from the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five;

or

Digitized by t^ooQle

552 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8. [1805#

or to have any proportion thereof in fuch annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, or of three pounds per centum per annum refpeftively, as (hall be fpecified by any fuch perfons or bodies politick or corporate refpeftively, at the time of fignifying fuch defire to take the benefit of the terms of this aft as aforefaid; the value of fuch feveral annuities to be computed and taken on the average price of fuch annuities refpeftively, on the laft ten days previous to the twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred and five, on which any transfer (hall have been made in the faid laft-mentioned capital (locks at the bank of England^ after making a deduction of the amount of the dividend due or accruing thereon ; fuch average as aforefaid to be fettled and declared by the governor and deputy governor of the bank of England.

declining to*18 And be it further enabled. That in cafe any perfons or take the bene- bodies politick or corporate poflefled of any fuch five pounds fit of this aft, per centum annuities, and who (hall have fignified fuch eleftion the treafury as aforefaid, (hall not, on or before the faid eleventh day of one thoufand eight hundred and five, by themfelves or annuities on any agents duly authorifed, .further fignify to the governor and April s, 1805. company of the bank of England their defire to take the benefit v	of the terms contained in this aft, it (hall be lawful for the

lords-commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, to contraft and agree with any perfon or perfons, or bodies politick or corporate, to contribute fuch fums as (hall be nece(Tary to pay the fame off on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five, and to give, for every one hundred pounds in money to be paid by fuch perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, on or before the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five, at the bank of England, fuch amount of capital ftock, either in annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annumy or of three pounds per centum per annum, or any proportion of either of fuch annuities, upon fuch and the like terms and conditions, and with fuch benefits as are by this aft given to any perfons entitled to take the benefit of this aft as aforefaid.

Thespercent. IIJ. And be it further enafted, That all the annuities, after ^ame^urider rate	PouncJs	Per	eentunh	to	which	any	perfons	or	bodies

this aft (hall politick or corporate may become entitled under this aft, in be added to lieu of any former annuities, (hall be deemed, reputed, and taken the joint ftock to be one capital or joint ftock, and fhall be added to and made of 5 per cents. part Qf ^ j0jnt ftock 0f annuities with, and fhall be redeemable at the fame time and in like manner as, the annuities carrying an intereft after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, efta-blifhed by an aft, made in the twenty^fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and feveral fubfequent afts; and that all perfons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money '	to which they (hall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this

aft, (hall have or be deemed to have a proportional intereft and (hare in the faid ftock of annuities at the rate aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That all the annuities, after

the

1805.] Anno regni quadragefimoqointo Georgii III. c. 8.	553

the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to which any The 3 percent, perfons or bodies politick or corporate may become entitled by reduced an-▼irtue of this adl, fhall be added to the joint ftock of annuities granted^all transferable at the bank of England, which, by an amade in be added to the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majefty, were re- the joint flock duced from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds 3 percents. per centum per annum, ’and flball be deemed part of the faid jointreducc * ftock of annuities, fubjedl neverthelefs to redemption by parliament, in fuch manner and upon fuch notice as in the feveral adls by which the faid annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were refpe&ively granted, are dire&ed in re-fpedt of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof; and that all perfons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the annuities to which they (hall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this adl, (hall have and be deemed to have a proportional in-tereft and (hare in the faid joint 'ftock of annuities at the rate aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enadled, That all fuch annuities (hall be Times of payable half-yearly at the bank of England, at the moft ufual payment of days of payment in the year for fuch refpedhve annuities ; that annuitles* is to fay, the fifth day of January and the fifth day of July in

every year for and in refpedt of the faid feveral annuities after thf rate of five pounds per centum per annum \ and the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year for and in refpedt of the faid feveral annuities after the rate of three pounds « per centum per annum j the firft payment on the faid feveral annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum to be due on the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five, and on the faid reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum on the tenth day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and five; and that all perfons and corporations entitled to any fuch annuity ot annuities aforefaid, and his, her, and their adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns refpedtively, and all perfons and corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, (hall have good, fure, abfolute, and indefeafible eftates and interefts in the faid refpedtive annuities, according to the true tenor and meaning of this a cl, until the redemption or ex-> piration thereof in the manner herein directed.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That all the (aid annuities (hall Annuities

be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the con- payable out of folidated fund of Great Britain^ after paying, or referving fufficient ^eTfund" to pay, all fuch fums of money as have been diredied by any former adt or adts of parliament to be paid out of the fame; and that the faid feveral annuities of five pounds per centum per annum and of three pounds per centum per annum refpedtively, (hall be fubjedt to redemption by parliament in manner mentioned in this adt.

VII.	And, for the more eafy and fure payment of the annuities eflablijbed by this aft, it is hereby enadted, That the faid governor Bank to ap-and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors, (hall, pointacalhier from time to time, appoint and employ one or more fufficient account*

perfon

Digitized by Google

554 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgit III. c. 8. [1805.

perfon or perfons within their office in the city of London to be their chief or firft cafhier or calhiers, and 6ne other perfon or perfons within the fame office to be their accountant-general; and that fo much of the monies from time to time being in the receipt of the exchequer of the faid confolidated fund, by this a& made applicable for the purpofes as (hall be fufficient to anfwer the faid annuities, fhall, by the order of the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpedlive days of payment in this a<ft appointed, be iflued and paid at the faid receipt of the exchequer, to the firft or chief cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors for the time being, by way of , impreft, and upon account for the payment of the faid annuities; and that fuch cafhier or cafhiers, to whom the faid monies (hall from time to time be iflued, (hall, from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due courfe of the exchequer.

Accountant VIII. And it is hereby alfo ena&ed, That the faid accountant-peraltoin- general for the time being (hall, from time to time, infped and ceipt anVpa - cxam*ne receipts and payments of the faid cafhier or calhiers, ments of the anc* vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, calhier. negligence, or delay.

Stocks may be IX. And be it further, enadled, That the faid refpedlive capitals transferred. or joint (locks, or ahy (hare or intereft in either of them, (fiall (except fo far as by this adt is provided) be aflignable and tranf-ferable as this adl dire&s and not otherwife; and that the?e lhall conftantly be kept in the office of the accountant-general for the time being, within the city of London, a book or books, wherein all alignments or transfers of the faid refpedtive capitals or joint flocks, or any part thereof and the proportional annuities attending the fame, at the rates aforefaid, (hall be entered and regifttred; which entries (hall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and (hall be figned by the parties making fuch affign-ments or transfers, or if any fuch party or parties be abfent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully autho-rifed by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, to be aitefted by two or more credible witnelles; and that the perfon or perfons to whom any fuch transfer (hall be made, (hall re-fpedlively underwrite his or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of affigning or transferring the faid refpedlive capitals or joint flocks, and the annuities attending the fame, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, (hall be good and available in , law; and that no (lamp-duties whatfoever (hall be charged on the faid transfers, or any of them: provided always, that all perfons pofldfed of any (hare or intereft in any of the faid feveral joint flocks of annuities, or any eftate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by will in writing, attefted by two or more credible wit-nefles; but that no payment (hall be made upon any fuch devife

until

/

Digitized by kjOOQle

1805.] Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 8.	555

until fo much of the faid will as relates to fuch eftate, {hare, or intereft be entered in the refpeftive offices; and that in default of fuch transfer or devife as aforefaid, fuch (hare, eftate, or intereft,

(hall go to the executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and *affigns.

X.	And be it further enafted, That all perlons who (ball be Annuities to entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted, and all perlons he decnaed lawfully claiming under them, (hall be poffeffed thereof as of a^°na perfonal eftate, which (hall not be defcendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London or otherwife; any law, ftatute, or cuftom to the contrary notwith-. {landing*

XL Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That the faid The Bank to governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuc- continue a ceflors, notwithftariding the redemption of all or any of their the pui-own funds, in purfuance of the afts for eftablilhing the fame, or pnfes otpt^l8 any of them, (hall continue a corporation for the purpofes of aft. this aft, until all the faid annuities {hall be redeemed as aforefaid ; and the faid governor and company, or any member thereof,

(hail not incur any difability for or by reafon of his or their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this aft.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That the Treafury to

commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now ^war<? thch . being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the com-	the"*

miffioners of the treafury for the time being, (hall have power, execution ot and they are hereby authorifed, out of the faid confolidated fund, this aft.

to reward all fuch perfons as (hall be any ways employed in the execution of this aft, for their fervice, pains, and labour; and ' alfo to defray fuch incident charges as (hall neceffarily attend the fame; and alfo to fettle and appoint fuch allowances as they {ball think proper for the fervice, pains, and labour of the cafhier or ca{hiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities made payable by this aft; and alfo for the fervice, pains, and trouble of the faid accountant-general of the faid governor and company, for performing the duty and truft in-cuihbent on or repofed in him by this aft; ail which allowances to be made as aforefaid in refpeft of the fervice, pains, and labour of any officer or oncers of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enafted. That if any perfon or perfons Perfons fued, (hall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profecuted for may plead any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this [^egenera aft, or of any matter or thing therein contained, fuch perfon or

perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difcontinue his or their aftion, or be nonfuited, or judgement (hall be. given againft him or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants {hall have treble * cofts to him or them ^warded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

C A P,

Digitized by

556 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.9,10. [1805.

C A P. IX.

An aft for allowing veflels employed in the Greenland whale-fifhery, to complete their full number of men at certain ports for'the prefeot feafon.—[March i, 1805.]

CAP. X.

An eft for making further provifion fyr the effectual performance of quarantine.—[March 12, 1805.]

WHEREAS by an aft, paffed in the thirty ninth and fortieth yean of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft c- 8o*	for erefting a lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the county of Kent,

and for reducing into one aft the laws relating to quarantine, and for making further provifions therein, and by other afts antecedent thereto, provifion was made as well for pur chafing lands for erefting a lazaret as for defraying the expences of building the fame, and for maintaining a proper ejlablijhment of officers necejfary for enforcing a due performance of quarantine; in purfuance of which9 lands were purchafed at.Chetney Hill, in the county of Kent, and frogrefs was made in the ereftibn of a lazaret there; but the funds granted by the faid aft of the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his - prefent Majejly having been found infufficient for completing the fame, and for the payment of competent falaries to the officers who were to have the charge thereof and other necejfary expences attendant on the quarantine fervice, according to the plan which had been approved of and direfted by his Majefly, by and with the advice of his privy council, a further fum was granted by an aft of the lajl fejfion of parliament : and whereas it is expedient that provifion fbould be made for a due application of the fame\ be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, Treafury to That it fhall and mav be lawful for the lords-commiflioners.of his give directions .Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord thHawretting^^h'trea^urer ^or t^le tlme being, from and after the commence-and appoint nnent °f this aft, to give direftions for completing the faid officers. See. lazaret, upon the faid lands fo purchafed on Chetney Hill, in the county of Kent, with all neceflfary and convenient accommodations for the purpofe of performing quarantine, according to the plan which has been approved of and direfted by his Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy council; or to fuch other plan as his Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy council, may from time to time approve and direft; and for defraying the expences attending the fame, to caufe any part of the money fo granted, to be ifTued when it (hall be neceflary for the faid fervice; and the faid lazaret when completed, and all the buildings and accommodations thereto belonging, (hall be under the management, order, and direftions of fuch officers as {ball be appointed by the lords-commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high-treafurer for the

time.

Digitized by v^.ooQle

1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10.	557

time being, for keeping the fame fit and ready for the reception of perfons and goods, and for their due performance of quarantine; and fuch officers refpe&ively (hall have fuch falaries as (hall from time to time be appointed by his Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy council; and the falaries of the faid officers, and all contingent expences, (hall be defrayed out of the funds, and in the mapner in which the charges and expences of performing quarantine are at prefent defrayed, until fuch time-as a revenue (hall be raifed fufficient for thofe purpofes, in the manner herein-after mentioned.

II, Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That until the faid Floating lazaret (hall be in a ftate fit and proper to be ufed, it (hall and lazarets may may be lawful for the lords-commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury to provide one or more floating lazarets, which (hall be iazaret (hall ufed for all the purpofes for which the faid lazaret is intended by be completed. -this a<51; and all the rules, regulations, and provifions in this act contained, (hall be deemed and taken, for all intents and purpofes, to be applicable to fuch floating lazaret or lazarets, until the lazaret on (hore (hall, by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, and by order of the fame, notified by proclamation or publiftied in the London Gazette, have been declared to be fit for the due performance of quarantine therein.

Ill .And whereas it is. reafonable that the owners of flips, vejfels, and cargoes, which in future flail have to perform quarantine, Jhotfld defray the charge incurred thereby; be it further enabled, That there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and Duties (hall paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, the feveral and re- be paid by the fpedtive duties of cuftoms herein-after mentioned; that is to fay,	0

For every ton burthen of every (hip or veflel, which (hip or Duties, veflel, or the cargo of which or any part whereof (hall have performed quarantine in any port or place in Great Britain, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, and which (hall have arrived from any part of Turkey, or from any port oy plac^ in Africa, within the (heights of Gibraltar, or in the Weft Barbary on the Atlantic ocean, with a clean bill of health, feven (hillings and fixpence:

For every ton burthen of every fuch (hip or veflel, which (hall have fo arrived without a clean bill of health, fifteen (hillings:

For every ton burthen of every fuch (hip or veflel, which (hip or veflel, or the cargo of which or any part whereof (hall have performed quarantine in any port or place in Great Britain, or vthe iflands aforefaid, and which (hall have arrived from any port or place whatever, (except from any part of Turkey, or from any port or place in Africa, within the (heights of Gibraltar, or in the TVeJl Barbary on the Atlantic ocean) with a clean bill of health, three (hillings:

For every ton burthen of every fuch (hip or veflel which (hall have fo arrived without a clean bill of health, ten (hillings:

For every ton burthen of every fuch (hip or veflel arriving in any

port

Digitized by Google

558	Anno regniquadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. to. [1805.

port or place in Great Britain, or the iflands aforefaid, with a cargo wjiich in whole or in part (hall confift of goods, wares, ' or merchandize, the growth, produce, or manufa&ufe of Turkey* or of any port or place in Africa* within the {freights of Gibraltar, or in the IVejl Barbary on the Atlantic ocean, and which (hip or veflel, or the cargo of which or any part whereof (hall have performed quarantine in any port or place in Great Britain, or the iflands aforefaid, and which (hall have arrived from any port or place whatever, feven (hillings and fixpence:

For every ton burthen of every (hip or veflel which (hall have fo arrived under fuch circumftances as (hall induce his Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy council, or the lords or others of the privy council, or any three or more of them, under the authority herein-after given, to fubjeft fuch fhip or veflel to the like quarantine as {hips arriving from Turkey with clean bills of health, feven (hillings and fixpence:

For every ton burthen of every (hip or veflel which (hall have fo arrived under (uch circumflances as (hall induce his Majefty, by and with the advice aforefaid, or the lords or others of the privy council, or any three or more of them as aforefaid, to fubjeCb fuch (hip or veflel to the like quarantine as (hips arriving from Turkey without clean bills of health, fifteen (hillings:

For every ton burthen of every (hip or veflel, which (hip or veflel, or the cargo of which or of any part whereof (hall have performed quarantine in any port or place in Great Britain,' or the iflands aforefaid, and which (hip or veflel (hall enter inwards in the port of London* an additional duty of one (hilling:

Dudes (hall be All which feveral and refpeCHve duties (hall be raifed, levied, dutie/of1 ^ c°Ne<^ecU and paid, and (hall be fued for, recovered, and ac-cuftoms. counted for in the fame manner, and fubjeft to the fame rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as any duties of cuftoms are now fubjedl to by law, as far as the fame are applicable Exemptions thereto: provided always, that no (hip or veflel of war, or from duties, tranfport or other (hip or veflel employed in the fervice of his Majefty’s government, nor any (hip or veflel which (hall not be bound to any port or place in Great Britain, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey* Alderney* Sark, or Man* and which (hall have really put into any port or place in Great Britain* or the iflands aforefaid, in diftrefs; nor any (hip or veflel which (hall have been obliged to perform quarantine only by reafon of having certain goods, wares, and merchandize on board, and not producing the proper declaration or document as to their growth, produce, or manufacture j nor any (hip or veflTel arriving in any port or place in Great Britain, or the iflands aforefaid, with a clean bill of health, from any port or place whatever, except from any part of Turkey* or from any port or place in Africa* within the ftreights of Gibraltar, or in the IVejl Barbary on the

Atlantic

/

Digitized by t^ooQle

1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10.	559

jitlantic ocean, in ballaft, or whofe cargo (hall confift wholly of fait; nor any (hip or yeffel which (hall, together with its cargo, have duty performed quarantine in the lazarets of Malta, An-corn, Venke, Mtjfma, Leghorn, or one of them, and (hall fail from thence^ and arrive at any port or place in Great Britain, or the iflands aforefaid, with proper documents and vouchers at-tefting the fame, to the fatisfa&ion of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or of his or their privy council, (hall be liable to or charged with any duty under this a&.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if after Duties maybe making good (in the manner herein-after mentioned) to the reduced, and confolidated fund of Great Britain, of the fums of (ixty-five thoufand pounds, granted by the adl of the thirty-ninth and

fortieth years of his prefent Majefty, and of thirty thoufand pounds, granted by an adt of the laft feflion of parliament, or of fo much thereof as (hall be found neceflary to iflue for the fervices aforefaid, it (hall appear to the lord high-treafurer, or the lords-commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, that the duties hereby granted are more than fufficient to defray the charges and expences already incurred, and alfo fuch further expences as may be neceflary for carrying the feveral pur-pofes of this adl into execution, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid lord high-treafurer, or lords-commiflioners for the time being, from time to time, by any warrant or warrants under the hands of the faid lord high-treafurer, or of the faid lords-com-iriiflioners for the time being, or of any three or more of the faid lords-commiflioners, to order and diredf, that the duties hereby granted (hall be reduced in fuch proportion and manner as they (hall think proper, and alfo by like warrant or warrants (in cafe the faid neceflary expences (hould afterwards require an increafe of the faid duties) to order and diredf that the fame (hall be again raifed and increafed to any amount not exceeding the fums which have been before granted by parliament as afqre-faid; and fuch warrant or warrants (hall be fufficient authority to the commiflioners and officers of the cuftoms, for railing, levying, collecting, and recovering the feveral and refpe&ive duties fpecified and contained in fuch warrant or warrants; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That no (hip or veflel upon Ships not to which,the tonnage duty by this a <t impofed (hall be due and pay- he permitted able (hall be permitted to be cleared inwards in any port ^^rd^Tuntil Great Britain^ or the iflands of Guernfey\ Jer/ey, Alderney, Sark, the duties are or Man9 unlefs the faid tonnage-duty (hall have been firft duly paid.

paid to the proper officers of the cuftoms appointed to receive the fame, or the commiflioners of the cuftoms (hall otherwife direct; and that the tonnage of every (hip or veflel (hal! be Howthe computed and taken, for the purpofe of afeertaining the faid	uted

duties according to the regifter thereof, under the provifions of P an act, paffed in the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the further increafe and encouragement of Jhipping and navigation; and in cafe of any difpute or doubt

relative

Digitized by

Google

relative thereto, the fame (hall be afcertained by admeafurement, in the mode and manner prefcribed in the faid laft-mentioned ad.

Ship owners to recdver duties of the importers.

Duties to be carried to con foli dated fund of Great Britain.

Application of the duties.

39&40G. 3. c. 80. &c. repealed, except as to arrears of duty, &c;

VI.	And be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful for the owner or owners of ady (hip or veffel, in refped of which any of the duties impofed by this ad (hall have been paid, to demand and recover from the r^fpedive importers, proprietors, or confignees of any goods or merchandize brought or imported in any fuch (hip or veffel, fuch fum or fums of money as (hall be equal to the juft and reafonable contribution which the proportion of tonnage that fuch goods and merchandize bear to the tonnage-burthen of the (hip (hall require, and no more; fuch proportion of tonnage to be afcertained according to the ufage of merchants in like cafes.

VII.	And be it further enabled. That the monies arifing from the duties hereby granted (hall be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, and carried to and made part of the con-folidated fund of Great Britain; and that in the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty's exchequer there (hall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid duties and paid into the faid receipt (hall be entered feparate and apartjrom all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, upon any account what-foever.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That the money fo raifed, levied, colleded, and paid, (hall be applied in the firft place to defray the annual expences of the faid floating lazaret, and land lazaret, and all other annual expences which fliall be incurred in the execution of this ad $ and in the next place to make good any money that (hall have been ifl'ued for purchaiing the lands on Chetney Hill, and for the ereding of the faid lazaret, and for providing the neceffary and convenient accommodations thereto belonging, in manner herein-before mentioned, and to no other purpofe whatfoever.

IX.	And whereas it is expedient that the faid herein-before recited a El) pajfed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth yean of the reign of bis prefent Majejly% and ivery other aft or afts heretofore pajfea concerning quarantine, together with fuch further provifms as are found to be neceffary to be made in rtfpeft thereof Jhould be reduced into one aft 1 be it therefore enabled, That the faid ad fo paffed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his faid prefent Majefty, as aforefaid, be repealed, and that every other ad or ads heretofore paffed, in fo far as the fame do or may be deemed or conftrued to relate to the performance of quarantine, (hall be and the fame are hereby repealed; fave and except fo much of the faid ad paffed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty as relates to the repeal of former ads, and to the payment and recovering of any duties impofed by the faid ad, which fliall be due and unpaid at the time of paffing this ad, and alfo fave and except as to any offence or offences done or committed before the paffing of this

i

Digitized by L^ooQle

;

1805 ] Anno regni quadragefimo quirito Georgii III. c. to. 561

a£t, by any perfon or perfons, againft any law concerning quarantine; and as to any fine, penalty, forfeiture, or punifhment, fines, penalties, forfeitures, or puniflunents, to which any fuch perfon or perfons may be liable by reafon of the fame; and alfo as to any a&ion, fuit, profecution, or other proceeding brought or commenced, or which (hall hereafter be brought or commenced, for or on account of any fuch offence or offences fo done or committed as aforefaid.

X. And be it further enadled, That all (hips and veffels, as Whatlhips well his Majefty’s fhips of war as all others, coming from Or ^all be liable having touched at any place from whehce his Majefty, his heirs t0 quarantine, or fucceffors, by qnd with the advice of his or; their privy council,

(hall have adjudged and declared it probable that the plague or any other infectious difeafe or diftemper, highly dangerous to the health of his Majefty’s fubjeCts, may be brought; and all (hips, veffels, and boats receiving any perfon, goods, wares, and merchandize, packets, packages, baggage, wearing apparel, books, letters, or any other articles whatever, from or out of any (hips or veffels fo coming from or having touched at fuch infeCted placets aforefaid, whether fuch perfons, goods* wares, and merchandize, packets, packages, baggage, wearing apparel, books, letters, or other articles, (hall have come or been brought in fuch (hips or vellels, or fuch perfons (hall have gone, or articles have been put on board the fame, either before or after the arrival of fuch (hips or veffels at any port or place in Great Britain, or the i(lands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, and whether fuch (hips or veffels were or were not bound to any port or place in Great Britain or the iflands aforefaid; and ail perfons, goods, wares, and merchandize, packets^ packages, baggage, wearing apparel, books, letters, or any other articles whatever, on board of any fuch (hips or veffels fo coming from or having touched at fuch infetfed place as aforefaid, or on board of any fuch receiving (hips, vdffels, or boats as aforefaid, (hall be and be confidered to be liable to quarantine within the meaning of this a<51, and of any order or orders which (hall be made by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council concerning quarantine, and the prevention of infection from the time of the departure of fuch (hips or veffels from fuch infe&ed place as aforefaid, or from the time when fuch perfons, goods, wares, merchandize, packets, packages, baggage, wearing apparel, books, letters, or other articles (hall* have been received on board refpe&ively; and all..fuch. (hips, veffels, and boats as aforefaid, and all perfons, (as well pilots as others), goods, wares, and merchandize, and other articles as aforefaid, whether coming or brought in fuch (hips, veffels, or boats, from fuch infe&ed place as aforefaid, or going, or being put on board the fame, either before or after the arrival of fuch (hips, veffels, or boats, at any port or place in Great Britain, or the iflands aforefaid ; and all perfons, goods, wares, and merchandize, and other articles as aforefaid, on board any fuch receiving (hip, veffel, or boat as aforefaid, (hall, upon their arrival Vol. XLV.	Oo	at

Digitized by

Google

Goods fpc-cified in any order of council, and ftiips, ihall be made fubjeft to quarantine*

at any fuch port or place, be obliged to perform quarantine in fuch place or places, for fuch time and in fuch manner as {hall from time to time be directed by his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-cefiors, by his or their order or orders in council, notiftecT by proclamation, or publi(hed in the London Gazette; and that until fuch fhips, veflels, and boats, perfons, goods, wares, and merchandize, and other articles as aforefaid, (hall have refpe&ively performed and (hall be duly discharged from fuch quarantine, no fuch perbn, goods, wares, or merchandize, or other articles as aforefaid, or any of them, (hall, either before or after the arrival of fuch (hips, veflels, or boats, at any port or place in Great Britain or the iflands aforefaid, come or be brought on fhore, or go and be put on board any other (hip, veflel, or boat, in order to come, or be broughr on more, in any fuch port or place, although fuch (hips or veflels fo coming from fuch infeded place as aforefaid may not be bound to any port or place in Great Britain, or the iflands aforefaid, unlefs in fuch manner and in fuch cafes, and by fuch licence as (hall be direded or permitted by fuch order or orders made by his Majefty, his heirs or fuccef-fors, in council as aforefaid; and all fuch (hips, veflels, and boats, whether coming from fuch infeded place as aforefaid, or being otherwife Kable to quarantine as aforefaid, and all perfons, (as well pilots as others), goods, waresr, and merchandize, and other articles as aforefaid, whether coming or brought in fuch N (hips, veflels, or boats, or going or being put on board the fame, cither before or after the arrival of fuch (hips, veflels, or boats, at any port or place in Great Britain or the iflands aforefaid, and although fuch (hips, veflels, or boats, (hall not be bound to any port or place in Great Britain, or the iflands aforefaid; and all commanders, matters, or other perfons having the charge or command of any fuch (hips, veflels, or boats, whether coming from any infeded place, or being otherwife liable to quarantine, as aforefaid, (hall be fubjed to all the provifions, rules; regulations, and reftridions contained in this act, or in any order or .orders which (hall be made by his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, in council as aforefaid, concerning quarantine and the prevention of infection, and to all the pains, penalties, forfeitures, and punifhments, contained in this ad, for any breach or dif-obedience thereof, or of any order or orders of his Majefty m council, made under the authority thereof.

XI.	And whereas certain forts of goods and merchandize are more efpecially liable to retain inf eft ion, and may be brought from placet tnfefted into other countries, and from thence imported into Great Britain, or the iflands aforefaid\ be it enaded, That all fuch goods and merchandize as (hall be particularly fpecified for that purpofe in any order or orders made by his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-ceffors, in council, concerning quarantine and the prevention of infedion as afprefaid, which (hall be brought or imported into any port or place in Great Britain or the iflands aforefaid, from any foreign country or place, in any (hip or veflel whatever, and the (hips or veflels in which the lame (hall be brought, and alfo I	„	aU

Digitized by

Google

1

I

Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. io. 563

flbips and veflels which (hall arrive from any port or place whatever under any alarming' or fufpicious circumftances as to infection, (hall be fubject and liable to fuch regulations and reft ri&ions as (hall be made by fuch order or orders of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, in council as aforefaid, refpedling the fame.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be The privy lawful for the lords and others of his Majefty’s privy council, or ^akTfuch^ any three or more of them, to make fuch order as they (hall fee or<jcr8 as they neceflary and expedient' upon any unibrefeen emergency, or in (hail think any particular cafe or cafes with refpedt to any (hip or (hips, ncCfupon veffel or veflels, arriving and having any infedlious difeafe or cm<rScncics* diftemper on board, or on board of which any infedtious difeafe pr diftemper triay have appeared iti the courfe of the voyage, or arriving under any other alarming or fufpicious circumftances as to infection, although fuch (hip or (hips, veffel or veflels, (hall not have come from any place or places from which his Majcfty, bis heirs or fucceffors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, may have adjudged and declared it probable that the plague, or any fuch infedtious difeafe or diftemper may be brought, and'alfo with refpedt to the perfons, goods, wares, and merchandize, and other articles as aforeiaid, on board the fame, and in cafe of any infectious difeafe or diftemper appearing or breaking out in Great Britain or the iflands aforefaid, to make fuch orders, and give fuch direCtiQns, in order to cut off all communication between any perfons infeCted with any fuch difeafe or diftemper and the reft of his Majefty’s fubjeCts, as (hall appear to the faid lords or others of his Majefty’s privy council, or any three or more of them, to be neceffary and expedient for that purpofe, and likewife to make fuch orders as they (hall fee fit for (hortening the time of quarantine to be performed by particular	»

(hips or veflels, or particular perfons, goods, wares, merchandize, or any other articles, or for wholly releafing particular (hips or veflels, or particular perfons, goods, wares, merchandize, or other articles from quarantine, abfolutely or conditionally, and generally to mitigate the ftrieft performance of quarantine its particular cafes, as fpecial circumftances (hall appear, in their judgement, to require; and all fuch orders fo made by the lords or others of the privy council, or any three or more of them as aforefaid, (hall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all intents and purpofes, (as well with refpedt to the commander, matter, or other perfon having the charge of any fuch (hip or veffel, and all other perfons on board the famp, as with refpedfc to any other pdfons having any intercourfe or communication with them, and to the penalties, forfeitures, and punifhments, to which they may refpedtively become liable), as any order or orders made by his Majefty, his h’birs or fucceffors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, concerning quarantine, and the prevention of infedtion as aforefaid, and notified by proclamation or publiflied in the London Gazette.

XIII.	And be it further enadted, That if the plague* or fuch Regulations

002	Other	fo*	r&Tcla	in

Digitized by

Google

564 Anno regni quadragefimo quin(o Georgii III. c. 10. [1805* :

which infec- other irife&ious difeafe or diftemper as aforefaid, fhall appear on tions (hall board any (hip or veflel within the freights of Gibraltar, the or without the commander, mafter, or other perfon having charge thereof, fhall flreights of immediately proceed to fome one of the foreign lazarets, and r Gibraltar, there perform quarantine, until fuch time as the land lazaret to

ThHazaretat ere^ec* 35 2^ore^a^ fhall, by his Majefty, his heirs or fuccef-Chetn^y HiU ^ors> by and with the advice of his or their privy council, and by | being com- order of the fame, notified by proclamation, or publifhed in the l pleted.	London	Gazette, have been declared to be fit for the due per- I

formance of quarantine therein; but if fuch plague, or other * fuch infe&ious difeafe or diftemper as aforefaid, (hall appear on f board any (hip or veflel without the {freights of Gibraltar, then j the commander, mafter, or other perfon having the charge or command thereof, fhall (unlefs fuch land lazaret (hall have been fo declared to be fit for the due performance of quarantine therein) immediately proceed to the harbour of Saint Helen’s, * Tean and North IVith'el, being two of the iflands commonly 9 called The Iflands of Scilly, or to fuch other place as his Majefty, I his heirs or fucceffors, by and with the advice of bis or their J '	privy	council,	fhall	from time to time dire A and appoint; where

being arrived he fhall make known his cafe to fome officer of the cuftoms there, who (hall immediately acquaint the governor, deputy-governor, or other principal magiftrate thereof, and alfo the principal officer of the cuftoms at fome port in England near thereunto; and the faid principal officer of the cuftoms at fuch near port in England (hall with all poffible fpeed fend intelligence thereof to the commiffioners of the cuftoms in the port of London; and the faid governor, deputy-governor, or other principal magi-ftrate fhall, in like manner, with all poffible fpeed, fend intelli- -gence thereof to the privy council, to the end that fuch mcafures may be taken for the comfort and fupport of the crew and paf-fengers on board fuch (hip fo infe&ed, and fuch precautions ufed to prevent the fpreading of the infe&ion, as the cafe fhall require; i '	and the faid (hip or veffel (hall there remain until dire&ions (hall I

be given relative thereto by the lords or others of his Majefty’s 1 privy council, or any three or more of them; nor (hall any of the crew or pafTengers on board thereof go dn (hore; but in cafe * the faid commander, mafter, or other perfon having charge of the faid (hip or veflel fo infedled, fhall not be able to make the faid * iflands of Scilly, or other place fo appointed by his Majefty as aforefaid, or fhall be forced by ftrefs of weather or otherwife to go up either of the channels, it fhall not be lawful for him to enter with fuch fhip or veflel into any other port or place in Great Britain, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, but he fhall remain in fome open road till he receives directions relative thereto from the privy council, and he fhall f. ufe every neceflary means in his power to prevent any of the (hip’s I company or pafTengers from going out of his fhip, and to avoid I all intercourse with other (hips, vends, or perfons; and fuch (hip’s *; company or pafTengers (hall, until fuch commander, mafter, or / other perfon fhall have received fuch diredions, remain in fuch

Chip, \

.	.	"i

i8°5*] Anno regni quadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. c. ib. 565

ihip, and (hall avoid all intercourfe with other (hips, veffels, or perfons ; and fuch mafter, and every or her perfon on board fuch ~ fhip or veffel (hall obey fuch diredtions as he\(hall receive from ; the lords or others of his Majefty’s privy council, or any three or more of them as aforefaid; and the faid commander, matter, or any other perfon on board fuch fhip or veffel as aforefaid, who fViall not a6t conformably to the provifions and regulations herein * diredted, or (hall acl in difobedience to fuch dircdlions as (hall be received on board fuch fhip or veffel from the lords or others , of the privy council, or any three or more of them as aforefaid, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XIV.	And be it further enadted, That every commander, Matters of matter, or other perfon having the charge of any (hip or veffel (hips to make liable to the performance of quarantine, (hall be and is hereby j^etine other required at all times when fuch (hip or veffel (hall meet with (hips at fea> r any-other (hip or veffel at fea, or (hall be within four leagues of or being the coaft of Great Britain or *Ireland, or the iflands of Guernfey, within four Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man^ to. hoift a fignal to denote that the^Unit^ his (hip or veffel is liable to the performance of quarantine, Kingdom or which fignal (hall be, in the day-time, if the faid (hip or veffel Guernfey, &c. fhall have a clean bill of health, a large yellow flag of fix breadths bn penalty of bunting at the main-topmaft head; and if fuch (hip or veffel °‘ %oolm • (hall not have a clean bill of health, then a like yellow flag, with a> circular mark or ball entirely black in the middle thereof, whofe diameter (hall be equal to two breadths of bunting; and in the night-time the fignal (hall in both cafes be a large fignal lanthorn, with a light therein (fuch as is commonly ufed on board his Majefty’s (hips of war), at the fame maft-head 5 and (uch commander, matter, or other perfon, (hall keep fuch fignals refpe&ively, as the cafe (hall be, hoifted during fuch time as the faid (hip (hall continue within fight of fuch other (hip or veffel, or within four leagues of the laid coafts or iflands, and while fo in light, or within fuch diftance, until fuch (hip or veffel fo liable to quarantine as aforefaid (hall have arrived at the port or place ■ t where it is to perform quarantine, and until it (hall have been legally difcharged from the performance thereof; on failure whereof fuch commander, mafter, or other perfon having charge of fuch (hip or veffel fo liable to the performance of quarantine,

(hall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence *the fum of two hundred pounds.

XV.	And be it further enadted, That if any commander, Penalty of mafter, or other perfon having the charge or command of any ac°/. on1 per-(hip or veffel, and knowing that the fame is not liable to the fi^ials°when performance of quarantine, (hall hoift fuch figtials as aforefaid, not liable.

Qr either of them, by day or night refpe&ively, fuch commander,

mafter, or other perfon as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds.

XVI.	And be it further enadted, Thar, from and after the firft Maftcr8

■V day of June one thoufand eight hundred and fix, as* to all A11 Ps their arrival Or veffels arriving from any places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, fr0<n foreign

or parts, to give

-$66 Annoregni quadragcfimo quin to Georg i i IIL t.id. [i 865. ■

to the pilots	or C°Pe HornH in South Amenta5 and after the firft day of Attgujl

an account	one thoufand eight hundred and five, as to all (hips dr veffels ar-

of the places riving From any parts of Africa or America, not beyond thofe (haTl have capes, and from the Weft Indies and Mediterranean; and from and loaded and	after the firft day of May one thoufand eight hundred and five,

touched at,	as to all (hips and veffels arriving from any other places, every

on penalty of commander, matter, or other perfon having the charge of any aoo/. See. fliip or veffel coming from foreign parts, (hall give to the pilot who fhall go on board fuch (hip or veffel a written paper, con-✓	taining a true account of the names of-the place and country att

which fuch fhip or veffel fhall have loaded, and alfo of all the f places at which any fuch (hip or veflel (hall have touched on the ■ homeward voyage, on pain of forfeiting the fum of two hundred pounds for any negletft or refufal to give ftich paper, or for any falfe reprefentation or wilful omiffion therein 5 and if by any proclamation or order of his Majefty in council, made after the departure of any fuch (hip or veffel from Great Britain, arid then 9 in force, (hips and veffels coming from any place mentioned in I any fuch paper fhall be liable to the performance of quarantine, : fuch pilot (hall immediately give notice thereof to the commander or other perfon aforefaid of fuch fhip or veffel, on pain of forfeiting the fum of fifty pounds for any negledl therein $ and fuch commander or other perfon (hall thereupon hoift a proper fignal according to the provifions of this and under the penalties in this contained, for any negleft or refufal irt refpedi of hoifting fuch fignals.

io<^7an pilots XVII. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any pilot (ball bringing (hips bring or conduft, or caufe to be brought or .conduced, any (hip liable to qua* or veffel liable to the performance of quarantine, into any place I rantineinto which is not, or which fhall not be fpecially appointed for the poititedforP" reception of ®**PS and veffels fo liable after receiving fuch paper their recep- as aforefaid, whereby it (hall have been made appear that fuch tion.	fhip or veflel was liable to the performance of quarantine, or 1

without requiring and receiving fuch paper as aforefaid of and I from every fuch commander, matter, or other perfon having the I charge of any fhip or veffel coming from foreign parts, unlefs compelled by ftrefs of weather, adverfe winds, or accidents of the | feas, fuch pilots (hall for each and every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds.

'	XVIII.	Andy	to	the end that it may be the better Inown whether I

any Jhip or vejfel be actually infefled with the plaguey or other infec- 1 tious difeafe or dijiemper as aforefaidy or whether fuch Jhip or vejfely j or the mariners or pajfengers comings or the cargo imported in the famey are liable to any orders touching quarantine; be It further For better enacted, That when any country or pl^ce fhall be known to be, afcertainirtg or fufpe6ted to be infected with the plague, or other fuch infec- \ be aftuallyTn- *i°us difeafe or diftemper as aforefaid, or when any order or on fe&ed, or the ders fhall be made by his Majefty in council concerning quaran- J perfons on ’ tine, and the prevention of infe&ion as aforefaid, rhen and in *

orders^touch° cafe* as °^tcn as an^ or ve^ ^all attempt to enter into | ittequaran " any port or place in Great Britain, or of the.ifles of Guemfeyy tee. \	'	•	,	Jirfih	!

Digitized by

Google

1605.] Anno regniquadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. to. 567

J*rfcy> Alderney y Sark, or Many whether fuch port (hall have been appointed for the performance of quarantine Or not, the fuperin-tendant of quarantine, or his afliftant, if there (hall be fuch fuper-Intendant or afliftant at fuch port or place, or if not, the principal officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms at fuch port or place, or fuch officer of the cuftoms as (hall be authorifed by the commif-fioners of the cuftoms, or any four or more of them, to ad in that behalf, (hall go off to fuch (hip or veflel, and (hall, at a convenient diftance from fuch (hip or veflel, demand of the commander, matter, or other perfon having charge of fuch (hip or veftel, and fuch commander, matter, or other perfon having chatge of fuch (hip or veftel (hall upon fuch demand give a true anfwer in writing or otherwife, and upon oath or not upon oath, according as he (hill by fuch fuperintendant or his afliftant, or ' other officer of the cuftoms authorifed as aforefaid, be required, to all fuch queftions or interrogatories as (hall be put to him, by virtue and in purfuance of fuch regulations and diredions as his Majefty, by order in council, (hall be pleafed to prefcribe; and in cafe fuch commander, matter, or other perfori having charge of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall, upon fuch demand made as aforefaid, refufe to make a true difcovery in any of the particulars concerning which he (hall be interrogated in manner aforefaid, or in cafe he (hall not be required to anfwer fuch queftions or interrogatories upon oath, (hall give a falfe anfwer to any fuch queftion or interrogatory as aforefaid, fuch commander, matter, or other perfon having charge of fuch (hip or veflel, for every fuch offence (hall forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds*

XIX.	And be it further enadted. That in cafe it (hall appear Ships fubjed upon fuch examination or otherwife, that fuch (hip or veflel is to quarantine under fuch circumftances as (hall render it liable to perform arrivin^tatl quarantine, and that the port or place where it fo arrives, or at that at which which it attempts to enter as aforefaid, is not the port or place it ought to be where it ought to perform quarantine, in fuch cafe it (hall and performed may be lawful to and for the officers of any of his Majefty’s (hips may be forced of war, or of any of his Majeftv’s forts or garrifons, and all other the^Spointed his Majefty’s officers, upon notice thereof given to them or any place, of them refpedtively, and to and for any other perfon or perfons whom they (hall call to their aid and affiftance; and fuch officers aqd other perfons are hereby required to oblige fuch (hip or veflel to go and repair to fuch place as hath been or (hall be appointed for performance of quarantine,dnd to ufe all neceffary means for that purpofe, either by firing of guns uppn fuch (hip or veflel, or by any other kind of neceflfary force whatfoever j and in cafe any Matters of fuch (hip or veflel (hall come from or (hall have touched at any vcflelsthat place infedled by the plague, or fuch other infe&ious difeafe or atlnfedted diftemper as aforefaid, or (hall have any perfon on board actually places, &c. infeded with the plague, or fuch other infeftious difeafe or di- omitting to itemper as aforefaid, and the commander, matter, or other perfon difclofethe , having charge of fuch (hip or veflel, knowing that the place from Quitting to whence he came, or at which he had touched as aforefaid, was hoiftthe pre-

infe&ed,

568 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto GEORGn III. c. 10. [1805.

Jcribed fignal, irifefted with the plague, or fuch other infectious .difeafe or dif-death11^	temper, or knowing fome perfon on board to be aftually infected

ea *	with the plague, or fuch other infeftious difeafe or.difteroper as

aforefaid, (hall refufe oV omit to difclofe the fame upon fuch examination as aforefaid, or (hall wilfully omit tohoift the fignal berein-before direfted, to denote that his (hip or veflel is liable to the performance of quarantine, at the times and on the occafions herein directed,with refpeft to the fame, fuch commander, mafter, or other perfon having charge of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

And lt farther enabled. That every commander, bflls of health mafter* or other perfon having charge of any (hip or veflel which manifefts, and fhall be ordered to perform quarantine as aforefaid, (hall forth-log-books, to with, after his arrival at the place appointed for the performance tendan^of1"	deliver,	on	demand,	to	the	fuperintendant	of

quarantine, quarantine or his afliftant, or other officer of the cuftoms autho-on penalty*of rifed as aforefaid to aft in that behalf, and which fuperintendant, 100/.	afliftant, or other officer as aforefaid, is hereby required to make

fuch demand, his bill of health and manifeft, together with his log-book and journal, under pain of forfeiting the fum of one hundred pounds, if he (hall wilfully refufe and negleft fo to do. Penalty on XXL And be it further enafted, That if any commander, ITuittirfg vef- IJla^er» or other perfon having charge of any (hip or veflel liable ?el8,or permit- t0 perform quarantine, and on board of which the plague, or tingperfonsto other fitch infectious difeafe ordiftemper (hall not then have ap-quit them, or peared, (hall himfelf quit, or (hall knowingly permit or fuffer any fhiD^tcTt^e1^ ^eamaa or paffenger coming in fuch (hip or veflel to quit fuch appointed (hip or veflel by going on ihore, or by going on board any other-places, and on (hip, boat, or veflel, before fuch quarantine (hall be fully per-perfons com- formed, unlefs in fuch cafes and by fuch proper licence as (ball veff’els or	he direfted and granted, and by virtue of fuch order or orders

going on	to be m^de concerning quarantine, and the prevention of infec-

board, for t tion as aforefaid; or in cafe any commander, mafter, or other quitting them perfon having charge of fuch (hip or veflel (hall nor, within a charged^	convenient time after due notice given for that purpofe, caufe

fuch (hip or veflel, and the lading thereof, to be conveyed into the place or places appointed for fuch (hip, veflel, arid lading, to, perform their quarantine fefpeCtively, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch commander, mafter, or other perfon as aforefaid, for every fuch offence (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred ' pounds ; and any perfon coming in any (hip or veflel liable to perform quarantine (or any pilot or other perfon going on board the fame, either before or after the arrival of fu^h (hip or veflel at any port or place in Great Britain, or the iflands aforefaid) (hall, either before or after fuch arrival, quit fuch (hip or veflel by going on (bore in any port or place in Great Britain or the iflands aforefaid, or by going on board any other (hip, veflel, or boat,,with >	intent to go on (hore as aforefaid, before fuchfliip or veflel, fo

liable to quarantine as aforefaid, (hall be regularly discharged from the performance thereof, it (hall and may be lawful for aft ,	,	perfons

Digitized by

Google

1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. io. 569

per fops whatfoever, by any kind of neceflary force, to compel fuch pilot or other perfon fd quitting fuch {hip or veflel fo liable to quarantine, to return on board the fame; and every fuch pilot or other perfon fo quitting fuch ftiip or veilel fo liable to quarantine, {hall for every fuch offence fuffer imprifonment for the fpace of fix months, and (hall forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds.

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That when any {hip'or veflel No goods to which has performed quarantine In any foreign lazaret {hall be landed arrive in any of the ports of Great Britain, or the ifles of Guernfey, £ror? vefieIs^ Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, with a clean bill of health, no formed qua-goods or merchandize {hall be permitted to be landed or un- rantine in a {hipped, unloaded or moved, in order to be landed out of fuch foreign laza-fhip or veflel, but the commander, matter, or other perfon having

the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, {hall immediately officer Gf the

upon his arrival give notice thereof, and of the foreign port or cuftoms, nor

ports in which fuch (hip or veflel hath performed quarantine, before direc-

to the principal officer of his Majefty's cufloms at the port where

he fhall arrive, or at the port neareft thereto, in order that the on penalty of*

fame may be forthwith laid before his Majefty’s privy council; zqqU

and if the commander, matter, or other perfon as aforefaid, or

any perfon whatfoever, {hall land, or (hall unflflp, unload, or

move, in order to land any goods or merchandize out of the faid

{hip or veflel, before an order of his Majefty’s privy council (hall

be made, giving direftions therein, or otherwife than {hall be

directed in the laid order, every fuch perfon (hall for every fuch

offence forfeit and pay the fun? of two hundred pounds.

XXIII.	And whereas difobedience or refractory behaviour in perfons under quarantine^ or in other perfotis ivho may have had any intercourfe or communication with them, may be attended with very

great danger, to his Majeftfs fubjeds ; be it further enabled. That For punifhing all perfons liable to perform quarantine, and all perfons having difobedience had any intercourfe or communication with them, whether in beh^ourbT (hips or in a lazaret, or elfewhere, (hall be fubjeft, during the faid perfonfe under quarantine, or during the time they {hall be liable to quarantine, or liable to to fuch orders as they {hall receive from the fu peri n tend ant of quarantine, or quarantine or his affiftant, or from the principal officer of the ^terwurfein8, cufloms at any port or place where there is no fuch fuperinten- wjth thenu dant or afliftant, or from any other oflicer of the cuftoms authorifed as aforefaid to aft in that behalf; and the faid officers are hereby empowered and required to enforce all neceflary obedience to the faid orders, and in cafe of neceflity to call in others to their afliftance, and all perfons fo called in are hereby required to aflift > accordingly; and fuch officers {hall and they are hereby empowered and required to compel all perfons liable to perform quarantine as aforefaid, and perfons having had any intercourfe or communication with them, to repair to fuch lazaret, {hip, veflel, or place, and to caufe all goods, wares, and merchandize, and other articles comprifed within any fuch orders to be made as Iaft aforefaid, to be conveyed to fuch lazaret, fliip, veflel, or place duly appointed in that behalf, in fuch manner and according

to

Digitized

ed by G<	gle

57° Annoregni quadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. c. to. [1805.

to fuch directions as (hall be made by order of his Majefty in council as aforefaid, or of the lords and others* of the privy • council, or of any three or more of them; and if any perfon or perfons liable to perform quarantine as aforefaid, or any perfon or perfons having had any intercourfe or communication with him, her, or them, (hall wilfully refufe or negleft to repair forthwith, when required and directed fo to do by fuch officer as aforeftid, to the faid lazaret, (hip, veffel, or place duly appointed in that behalf, or having been placed in the faid lazaret, (hip, veflel, or place, (hall efcape or attempt to efcape out of the fame before quarantine duly performed, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid quarantine officers, afid alfo the watchmen and other perfons appointed to fee quarantine performed, and each or them, and they are hereby refpeftively required, by fuch neceffary force as the cafe (hall require, to compel every fuch perfon, fo refilling or neglecting as aforefaid, and every filch perfon fo efcaping or attempting to efcape as aforefaid, to repair or return to fuch lazaret, (hip, veffel, or place fo appointed as aforefaid; and every perfon fo refuting or neglecting to repair forthwith, as aforefaid, to the faid lazaret, (hip, veffel, or place, and alfo every perfon actually efcaping as aforefaid, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful

hable toPper- ^or any	headborough, tythingman, or other peace

formquaran- officer, or any other perfon, to feize and apprehend any perfon tine, &c. may that (hall, contrary to the provifions of this aft, have quitted or be feized. come on (hore from any (hip or veffel liable to perform quarantine, or who (hall have bfcaped from or quitted any (hip or veffel under quarantine, or from any lazaret, fhip, veffel, or place, appointed in that behalf, for the purpofe of carrying fuch perfon before arty juftice of the peace or magiftrate, and it (hall be

1 lawful for any fuch juftice of the peace or magiftrate to grant his warrant for the apprehending and conveying of any fuch perfon to the (hip or veffel from which he or (he (hall have come on Ihore, or to any (hip or veffel performing quarantine, or lazaret, from which he or (he (hall have efcaped, or for the confining of any fuch perfon in any fuch place of fafe cuftody, (not being any publick jail), and under fuch reftriftions as to having any communication with any other perfons, as may, in the diferetion of any juftice of the peace or magiftrate, (calling to his aid, if he (hall fee fit, any medical perfon), appear to be proper, until fuch perfon can be fafely and fecurely conveyed to feme place appointed for the performance of quarantine, or until direftions can be obtained from the privy council, as to the difpofal of any fuch perfon, and to make any further order or grant any further warrant that may be neceffary in that behalf.

XXV.	And whereas orders have been given by the lords of his Majefifs privy council for perfons on Jhore, who had intercourfe with the crew and paffengers of a veffel coming from a place from whence it was judged that there was danger of infeflion being brought, to be fent afloat for the performance of quarantine, in like manner\ with fuch

/	crew

J

»

Digitized by <^.ooQLe

1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. c. 10.	571

crew and pqffengers; be it enaCted, That fuch orders fo iffued as Orders in aforefaid by the lords of his Majefty’s privy council for the pre- £°“n.cil . vention of infection, (hall be taken and confidered to have been, tcTper^nn and are hereby declared to be good and valid in law; and all quarantine penons who may have been concerned in advifing, iffuing, or perfons who carrying into execution the faid orders or any of them, (hall be had had intcr-and are hereby indemnified for the fame, and (hall be and are	*

hereby freed and difcharged from all adlions, fuits, or other pro- which danger ceefdings, which have beerf or (hall be brought and commenced of infection againft them, for or on account or by reafon of the faid orders	^

Or any of them, or of any other matter or thing done in purfu-	a’ncj0the

ancethereof.	advifers,&c.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled, That if any officer of his indemnified. Majefty's cuftoms, or any other officer or perfon whatfoever to Penalty on Whom it doth or (hall appertain to execute any order or orders perfons em-made or to be made concerning quarantine, or the prevention	er.

infection* and notified as aforefaid, or to fee the fame put in forming qua-execution, (hall knowingly and wilfully embezzle any goods or rantine, neg-articles performing quarantine, or be guilty of any other wilful lefting or # breach or negleCl of his duty in refpecl of the (hips, perfons, duty^or tp«rl goods, or articles performing quarantine, every fuch officer and ^tting per-* perfon fo offending (hall forfeit fuch office or employment as he fons,fhips,&c. may be poffeffed of, and (hall become from thenceforth incapable to depart to bold or enjoy the fame, or to take a new grant thereof; and ^very fuch officer and perfon (hall forfeit and pay the fum of one ^yjn/falfe hundred pounds; and if any fuch officer or perfon (hall defert certificates, from his duty when employed as aforefaid, or (hall knowingly or damaging' and willingly permit any perfon, (hip, veffel, goods, or merchan- S004** dize, to depart or be conveyed out of the faid lazaret, (hip, or other place as aforefaid, unlefs by permiffion under an order of his Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy council, or under an order of three or more of the lords or others of his privy council, or if any perfon hereby authorized and directed to give a certificate of a (hip having duly performed quarantine or airing, (hall knowingly give a falfe certificate thereof, every fuch perfon fo offending (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and fuffer death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy; and if any fuch officer or perfon (hall knowingly and wilfully damage any

{joods performing quarantine under his direction, he (hall be iable to pay treble damages and full colls of fuit to the owner of the fame.

XXVII.	And be it further enaCted, That if any perfon notin- Perfons not feCted with the plague, or other infectious difeafe or diftemper as	t^e

aforefaid, nor liable to perform quarantine, (hall enter the'faid lazaret or other place fo appointed as aforefaid, whilft any perfon perform qua-or perfons infeCted with the plague or being under quarantine tine, and (hall be therein, fuch perfon fo entering the faid lazaret, or other attempting to place (o appointed as aforefaid, (hall perform quarantine there, and if he or (he (hall return or attempt to return from thence, return, and unlefs in fuch cafes and by fuch licences as (hall be dire&ed and fuch perfons granted by virtue of fuch order or orders 'of his Majefty in ^ff^dfath11

council, \

Digitized by

Google

572 Anno rcgni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 16. [1805.

council, or of the lords or others of his Majefty’s privy council, or any three or more of them, as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the quarantine officers, watchmen, and other perfons appointed to guard or fecure the faid lazaret or other place fo appointed as aforefaid, by fuch neceflary force as the cafe (hall require, to compel fuch perfons fo returning or attempting to return, to repair into the faid lazaret or other place fo appointed as aforefaid, there to continue and perform quarantine; and in cafe fuch perfon (hall actually efcape out of the faid lazaret, or other place where he or (he ought to have performed quarantine, before he or (he (hall have fully performed the fame, he or (he (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clerg^.

After proof of XXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That after quarantine

off^uainn1tine ^ave ^een	pcrfQ™*! by any (hip or veflel, perfon or

and proper * perfons, obliged to perform quarantine as aforefaid, according to

certificate to this a&, and to fuch order or orders made as aforefaid, and upon

that efFeft, proof to be made by the oaths of the mafter or other perfon hav-

yeltel8 or per- • charae of fuch (hip or veflel, and of two of the perfons be-/ Ions ihall not	r	r.	.	,	. r, r

be liable to longing thereto, or upon proof to be made by the oaths of two

further de- or more credible witnefles, before the collector or principal officer tention. Gf the cuftoms, at the port where fuch quarantine (hall be performed, or at the port neareft thereunto, or before any juftice of the peace living near to the port or place, or when fuch quaran-'	tine (hall have been performed within any of the faid ides of,

Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, before any two jurats or magjftrates of any of the faid ides refpe&ively, that fuch (hip ,	or veflel, and all and every fuch perfon and perfons refpe&ively,

have duly performed quarantine as aforefaid, and that the (hip or veflel, and all and every perfon and perfons are free from infection ; and after producing a certificate to that purpofe, figned by the chief officer who fuperintended the quarantine of the faid (hip, or perfon atfting for him, then and in the faid refpe&ive cafes fuch colle&or or principal officer of the cuftoms, or fuch juftice of the peace, or fuch jurats or magiftrates as aforefaid, re-fpedtively, are hereby required to give a certificate thereof, and thereupon fuch drip or veflel, and all and every fuch perfon or perfons fo having performed quarantine, (hall be liable to no further reftraint or detention upon the fame account for which fuch (hip or veflel, perfon pr perfpns, (hall have performed quarantine as aforefaid.

Goods liable XXIX. And be it further enabled, That all goods, wares, and to perform merchandize, and other articles liable to quarantine as aforefaid, fljalfbe opened	°Pened and aired in fuch place or places, and for fuch

and aired as time and in fuch manner, as (hall be directed by his Majefty, his directed by heirg and fucceflors, by fuch order or orders to be made as afore-order in faid; and after fuch orders (hall have been duly complied with, ofUwhichPfhall a certificate thereof (hall be given by the chief officer appointed to be made be- fuperintend the quarantine and airing of fuch goods, wares, and fore the officer merchandize, and other articles, or by the perfon adting for him, &fch who ffiali anc* Pro°f thereof ft13** be inad$ by the oaths of two or more 1	credible

18oj;.] Anno tegni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. io. 573

credible witneffes, before the collector or other principal officer grant ccrti-of the cuftoms at the port lying next to fuch place or places ^yhere fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, or other articles, (hall "tletfiem to*” have been opened and aired as aforefaid, or before any juftices of be difcharged the peace living near the fame, or before any two jurats or ma- from further giftrates of the faid ifles of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or dctention* Man, refpedlively; which collector or other principal officer, or fuch juftice, or jurats or magiftrates, refpeCtively, as the cafe may be, fhall alio make certificate of fuch proof having been made; and upon the production of fuch certificates to hi9 Majefty’s commiflioners of the cuftoms in England or Scotland, refpeCtively, or to the governor or lieutenant-governor, commander in chief, or chief magiftrates of any of the faid laft-mentioned iflands, as the cafe may be, fuch goods, wares, and merchandize, and other articles, fhall be forthwith difcharged from any reftraint or detention upon the fame account, by order of the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, or of the faid governor, lieutenant-governor, commander in chief, or chief magi ft rate, refpeCtively.

XXX.	And be it further enaCted, That if any perfon fhall Perfons fbrg-knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or procure to be late^&c^ftiall forged or counterfeited, any certificate directed and required to fuffer’ death be granted by this aft, or fhall publifh as true any fuch forged

or counterfeited certificate, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, he or fhe fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XXXI.	And be it further enaCted, That if any perfon fhall Penalty on land or unfhip, or fhall move, in order to the landing or un- perfons land-, (hipping, thereof, any goods, wares, or merchandize, packets, f^f^veffelsC* packages, baggage, wearing apparel, books, letters, or any other liable to per-articles whatever, from on board any (hip or veffel liable to per- form quaran-form quarantine as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly receive the tine,orreceiv-fame after they have been fo landed or unfhipped, every fuch fefretin™them perfon fhall forfeit and pay a fum not exceeding the fum of five fr0m veflels hundred pouuds, nor lefs than the fum of one hundred pounds; performing and if any perfon or perfons (hall clandeftinely convey, or fhall quarantine, fecrete or conceal for the purpofe of conveying, any letters*

gpods, wares, or merchandize, or other articles as aforefaid, from any (hip or veffel actually performing quarantine, or from the lazaret or otfier place where fuch goods, wares, merchandize, or other articles as aforefaid, fhall be performing quarantine* every fuch perfon. fo offending as laft aforefaid fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death, as in cafes of

felony, without benefit of clergy.	HisMaiellvu.

XXXII.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe it (hall at certain cafes any time happen that any part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the may prohibit ifles of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, ox France, Spain, veflels ;mder or Portugal, or the Low Countries, fhall be infeCted with the from^ilhlg plague, or any other fuch infectious difeafe or diftemper as afore- untii

faid, it fhall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, his heirs given by the and fucceffors, by his or their proclamation, to prohibit and rafter with

reftrain^incondl-

Google

574 Anno regni quadragefimo quinfo Geobgii III. c. to. [1805;

rcftrain aH fmall boats and veflels under the burthen of twenty tons, from failing or palling out of any port or place of Great Britain, or the ifles of Guernfey, Jtrfey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, or any of them, until fecurity be hrft given by the matter of every foch boat or veflel refpeftively, to the fatisfadion of the principal officer of the cuftoms, or the chief magiftrate of,the port or place from whence fuch boat or veflel (hall fail, by bond taken by fuch officer or magiftrate, to the King, his heirs or fucceflbrs, with fufficient fureties in the penalty of three hundred pounds, with condition that if fuch boat or veflel (hall not go to or touch at any country, port, or place, to be mentioned for that purpofe in fuch proclamation, and if neither the matter or other perfon having charge of fuch boat or veflel, nor any mariner or paflenger in fuch boat or veflel, (hall, during the time aforefaid, go on board any other (hip or veflel at fea, and fuch matter, or other perfon having charge of fuch boat or veflel, (hall not permit or fuffer any perfon or perfons to come on board fuch boat or veflel at fea, from any other (hip or veflel, and (hall not, during the time aforefaid, receive any goods and merchandize whatfoever, out of any other (hip or veflel, then fuch bond (hall be void, for the making of which bond no fee or reward whatfoever (hall be Penalty for taken; and in cafe any boat or veflel, for which fuch fecurity .viSItr ke required by fuch proclamation, (hall fet fail or pafs out fecunty. °f any port or place of Great Britain, or the iflands of Guernfey,

* Jrfty Alderney, Sark, and Man, or any of them refpedivcly, before fuch fecurity be given as aforefaid, every fuch boat or veflel fo failing or pafling out of any port or place, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, together with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, (hall be forfeited to his Majefty, his bcirs and fucceflbrs, and the matter of and every mariner failing in any fuch boat or veflel, (hall feverally forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds.

^London^ ^BCXIII. And be it further enaded, That die publication in Gazette of LonAm Gazette of any order in council, or of any order by three or more of the lords or others of his Majefty’s privy council, made in purfuance of this ad, or his Majefty’s royal proclamation, made in purfuance of the fame, (hall be deemed and taken to be fufficient notice to all perfons concerned of all matters therein refpedively contained.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaded, That all forfeitures and Sndtic«°n °fPcna^s aforefaid, that (hall be incurred by reafon of any offence **	*’ committed againtt any part of this ad, (hall and may be reco-

vered by fuit in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weft* minjier, in which no eflfoign or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be granted, or in Seetland by fummary adion in the court of feflion, or by profecution before the court of judiciary there, or by fuit in any of his Majefty’s courts in the iflands of Guernfey, Jerjey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; and every fuch for* feiture and penalty (hall belong and be given, one moiety to the perfon who (hall inform and fue for the fame, and the other moiety to his Majefty r his heirs and fucceflbrs, .to be applied towards

orders of council, &c. fufficient notice.

Recovery and

Digitized by

Google

1805.] Annp regni quadragefitno quinto Gsoroii IIL c. 10. 575

wards defraying the expences of erecting and maintaining the lazaret as aforefaid. '

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it Inwhofename

(hall not be lawful for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, to com- aftions for mence, profecute, enter, or file, or caufe or procure to be com-	m

menced, profecuted, entered, or filed, any aftiori, bill, plaint, Sccftlamd muft information, or profecution, or aftions, bills, plaints, informa- bcprofccuted. tions, or profecutions, in any of his Majefty’s courts in England

or Scotland, or any proceeding or proceedings before any juftices	#

of the peace of any county, riding, divifion, city, town, ftewartry, or place, for the recovery of any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, incurred by reafon of any offence com-x mitted againft this aft, or againft any order or orders made by his Majefty, his heirs or. fucceflors, in council, or by any three or more of the lords or others of his Majefty’s privy council as "aforefaid, unlefs the fame be commenced, profecuted, entered, or filed in the name of his Majefty’^ attorney-general in England, or advocate in Scotland, refpeftively,' or in the name or >names of fome officer or officers of the cuftoms in England or Scotland\ re*, fpeftively; and if any aftion, bill, plaint, information, or profecution, aftions, bills, plaints, informations, or profecutions, or any proceeding or proceedings before anyjuftices as aforefaid, fhall be commenced, profecuted, entered, or filed, in the name or names of any other perfon or perfons than is in that behalf before mentioned, the fame fhall be and are hereby declared to be null and void.

XXXVI.	Provided alfo, and he it further enafted, That in In profccutU cafe any profecution, fuit, complaint, or other proceeding as 0£®hy officers aforefaid, fhall be commenced or depending by any °®cer or attorney^ Officers of the cuftoms, for the recovery of any fine, penalty, or general in * forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, incurred by reafon of England or any offence committed againft this aft, or againft any order or advocate in orders made by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, in council, ftopmrcced-or by any three or more of the lords or others of his Majefty’s

privy council as aforefaid, it fhall and may be lawful for his Ma-jefty’s attorney-general in England, or advocate in Scotland, re-fpeftively, to flop all further proceedings therein, as well with refpeft to the fhare of fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, to which any fuch officer or officers fhall or may claim to be entitled, as to the (hare thereof belonging to his Majefty, if upon confideration of the circumdances under which any fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, iines, penalties, or forfeitures, may have been incurred, it fhall appear to them re-fpeftively to be fit and proper fo to do.

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted, That in all cafes wherein, ferfons au-by or by virtue and in purfuance of this aft, any examinations or ^k^examina-anfwers fhall ^be taken or made upon oath, the perfon who fhall tions'may ad-be authorifed and fequired to take fuch examinations and anfwers, minifteroaths, fhall and fhall be deemed to have fulhpower and authority to ad- and perfons minifter fuch oaths j and if any perfon who (hall be fo jnterro- Jwrarmgtofe-gated or examined, fhall wilfully fwear falfely to any matter, ing others fo to

concerning do, fhall be

Digitized by v^.oo&Le.

576 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georcsii III. c. 10. [i8o£.

deemed guilty concerning which fuch perfon (hall depofe or make oath on fuch of perjury. examination or in fuch anfwers, or if any perfon fliall procure any other perfon fo to do, he or (he fo (wearing falfely, or procuring any other perfon fo to do, (hall be deemed to have been guilty of, arid fliall be liable to be profecuted for wilful and corrupt perjury, or fubornation of wilful and corrupt perjury, as the cafe may be, and (hall fuffer the pains, penalties, and puniflunents of the law, in fuch cafe refpe&ively made and provided.

Offences, not XXXVIII. And be it further enafted, That all offences being felpny, committed againft any of the provifions of this a6t, not being and offences felony, and every offence or difobedience to any order of council, f°ec7fick 1oe-° mac*e ^or t*le better carrying into execution this a<51, for which nalty is pro- no fpecifick penalty, forfeiture, or punifhment is provided by this vided, may be a<5f, (hall and may be tried, heard, and determined before any determined two juftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, or place where fuch offence or difobedience (hall happen; and if any perfon fliall be convidled of any fuch offence or difobedience, he or (he (hall be liable to fuch forfeiture arid penalty, not exceeding the fum of fifty pounds for any one offence, or to fuch imprifonment not exceeding three months for' any one offence, as (hall, in the diferetion of the two juftices who (hall have heard and determined the fame, be judged proper 5 and fuch forfeiture and penalty (hall be paid, one moiety to the perfon fuing for the fame, and the other to his Majefty, to be applied as the moieties of other forfeitures and penalties are herein-before dire&ed to be applied.

XXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled, That of felony (hall no attainder of felony by virtue of this a<ft, fliall be extended to

tionof blood wor^ aiY corruPt‘on °f blood, or forfeiture of any goods, chat-v * tels, lanas, tenements, or hereditaments.

Anfwers of XL. And be it further ena&ed, That in any profecution, fuit, perfons hav- or other proceeding againft any perfon or perfons whatfoever, for ing the charge any offence againft this ad, or any ad which may hereafter be

before two juftices, who may fine or imprifon.

Application of penalties.

No attainder

be received as evidence, fo far as relates to the places from which vdTels came, or at which

paffed concerning quarantine, or for any breach or difobedience ** of any order or orders which (hall be made by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council concerning quarantine, and, the prevention of infection, and notified or publiflied as aforefaid, or of any Order or# orders made by three or more of the lords or others of the privy council they1 touched, as aforefaid, the anfwer or anfwers of the commander, mafter, or and thehaving other perfon having charge of any (hip or veffel, to any queftions been di reded Qr interrogatories put to him by virtue and in purfuance of this cma-anthve	a<^5 or an^ a<^ wbich may hereafter be paffed concerning qua-

ihali be re-	rantine, or of any fuch order or orders as aforefaid, may and (hall

ccived as evi-	be given and received as evidence fo far as the fame relates or re-

dence that	late to the place from which fuch (hip or veffel came, or to the

H^le\hereto P*ace or P^aces at wb*,ch fuch (hip or veffel touched in the courfe unlefs proof * °fher voyage ; and where any (hip or veffel (hall have been di-bemade to the reeled to perform quarantine by the fuperintendant pf quarantine contrary, and or his afllftant, or where there is no fuch fuperintendant or formhiequa- a®^anta by the principal officer of the cuftoms at any port or

place

>805.3 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Giorgji III. c. 10. 577

place, or other "officer of >he cuftoms authorifed as aforefaid to rantme lhall ad in that behalf, the hav ing been fo directed to perform 4ua-yelled being # famine may and (hall be given and received as evidence that fuch jjabie to per-ihip or veflel was liable to quarantine, unlefs fatisfadory proof form it.

{ball be produced by the defendant or defendants in any fuch profecution,.fuit, or other proceeding, to (hew that the (hip or veflel did ndt come from or touch at any fuch place or places as , is or are (fated in the faid anfwer or anfwers,,or that fiich (hip or veflel, although diredied to perform quarantine, was not liable to ihe performance thereof ; and where any (hip or veflel (hall in fad have been put under quarantine at any port or place, by the ‘fuperintenddnt of quarantine or his afliftant, or other officer of the cuftoms authorifed as aforefaid to ad in that behalf, and (hall aduall.y be performing the fame, fuch (hip or veflel (hail, in any profecution,,fuit, or other proceeding againft any perfon or per-ions whatever, for any offence againft this ad, or any other ad which ynay hereafter be pafled concerning quarantine, or againft any order dr orders concerning quarantine, and the prevention of infe&ion, which (hall be made by his Majefty in council, or by three or more of the lords or others of his privy council as aforefaid, be deemed and taken to be liable to quarantine, without	x

proving in what manner or from what eircumftances fuch (hip or veflel became liable to the performance thereof.

XLI. And be it further enaded, That whenever any perfon If affidavit be or perfons (hall be charged with any offence againft this ad, or made of an any ad which may hereafter be pafled concerning quarantine, or filed, with any breach or di (obedience of any order or orders which the judge of (hall be made by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, in council the court may as aforefaid, or of any order or orders made by the lords or others caufe the par-of the privy council, or any three or more of them as aforefaid, prchendedP^hi and the fame (hall be made appear to any judge of his Majefty’s order to be court of King’s-bench by affidavit or by certificate, of an indid- bound for his ment or. information being filed againft fuch perfon or perfons in appearance, the fai.d court for fuch offence, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch fufctobecome judge to ifiue his warrant in writing under his hand and feal, and bound he may therebyto caufe fuch perfon or perfons to be apprehended and be committed brought before him or fome other judge of the faid court, or be-to ga°l* fore fome one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, in order to , his, her, or their being bound to the King’s ^majefty with two fufficient fureties in fuch fum as in the faid warrant (hall be ex. prefled, with condition to appear in the faid court at the time mentioned in fuch warrant, and to anfwer to all and Angular in-didments cr informations for any of the offences aforelaid ; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall negled or refufe to become bound as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for fuch judge or juftice pf the peace refpedively, .to commit fuch perfon or perfons to the common gaol of the county, city, or place where the offence (hall have been committed, or where he, (he, or they (hall have been fo apprehended, until he, (he, or they (hall have become bound as aforefaid, or (hall be difeharged by order of the faid court-of King’s-bench in term-time, or by one of the judges of Vol. XLV.	P p	the

Digitized by ^ooQle

578 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. io. [180^.

the fald court in vacation, and the recognizance or recognizances to be taken thereupon (hail be returned and filed in the (aid court, and (hall continue in force until fuch perfon or perfons (hall have been acquitted of fuch offence, or in cafe ofeon vision (hall have received judgement for the fame, unlefs fooner ordered by the faid court to be difcharged 5 and that where any perfon or perfons, by virtue of fuch warrant and commitment as aforefaid, is or are now detained, or (hall hereafter be committed and detained theprofecutor in any gaol for want of bail, it fhall be lawful for the profecutor may caufe a 0f fuch jndidlment or information, to caufe a copy thereof to'be fndidtoient6to delivered to fach perfon or perfons, or to the gaoler, keeper, or be delivered turnkey of the gaol wherein fuch perfon or perfons is, are, or to the party (hall be fo detained, with a notice thereon indorfed, that unleft or the gaoler, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, within eight days from the time of that unileft	delivery °f a C0PY the indi&ment or information as afore-

an appear- faid, caufe-an appearance, and alfo a plea or demurrer to be en-ance, &c. be tered in the faid court to fuch indictment or information, an entered with- appearance and the plea of not guilty will be entered thereto, in time the^will ^ namc or names °f fuch perfon or perfons refpe&ively; and be entered, in m cafe he> &e> or they thereupon, for the faid fpace of eight which cafe, days after fuch delivery of a copy of the indictment or information certain pro- as aforefaid, negleCt to caufe an appearance, and alfo a plea or bckad^8	demurrer to be entered in the faid court to fuch indictment or

information, it (hall be lawful for the profecutor of fuch indictment or information, upon an affidavit being made and filed in the faid court, of a delivery of a copy of fuch indictment or information, with fuch notice indorfed thereon as aforefaid, to fuch perfon or perfons, for to fuch gaoler, keeper, or turnkey, as the cafe may be, which affidavit may be made before any judge or commifliioner of the faid court authorifed to take affidavits in the faid court, to caufe an appearance and the plea of not guilty to be entered in the faid court to fuch indictment or information, for fuch perfon or perfons refpe&ively y and fuch proceedings fhall be had thereupon, as if the defendant or defendants in fuch indictment or information had appeared and pleaded not guilty, according to the ufual courfe of the faid court; and that if upon the trial of fuch indictment or information, the defendant or defendants fo committed and detained as aforefaid, (hall be acquitted of all the offencef therein charged upon him, her, or them, it (hall be lawful for the judge before whom fuch trial (hall be had, although he may not be one of the judges of the faid court of King’s-bench, to order ,that fuch defendant or defendants (hall be forthwith difcharged out of cuftody, as to his, her, or their commitment as aforefaid; and fuch defendant or defendants (hall be thereupon difcharged accordingly.

W^cre of- XLII. And be it further ena&ed, That all offences committed fences may be contrary to, or in breach or violation of this or any other a& tried.	hereafter to be palled, or of any order or orders of his Majefty,

*	his heirs or fucceffors, now or hereafter to be made in his or

their privy council, concerning quarantine, and the prevention of infe&ion, and notified by proclamation, or publilhed in the

' V	London

Where perfons are detained for want of bail

Digitized by Google

r8o5«] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. n. 579

London Gazette, or of any order or orders made by three or more of the lords or Others of the privy council as aforefaid, whether the faid offence (hall be done and committed within the body of any county or upon the high Teas or elfewhere, (hall and maybe tried, heard, and determined in any county within England or Scotland,\ or in the proper courts of the ifles of Guernfey, Jerfey^ Alderney, Sark, or Man, refpeftively.

XLIII. And be it further enafted, That if any aftion or fuit fhall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance and execution of this prefent aft, or of any order of council made by virtue thereof, the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion or fuit may plead the general iflue, and General iflue. give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be ^ad thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and in execution of the faid aft; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited or difcontinue his aftion after the defendant or^defendants fhall have appeared, orifjudge-ment (hall have been given upon any verdift or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as the de- Treblecofts. fendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law ; and that no fuch aftion or fuit (hall be brought againft any perfon Limitation of for any matter or thing done in purfuance or execution of this aftl°ns. aft, but within the fpace of two months after fuch matter or thing (hall have been done.

XLIV. And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall com-Commence-’ mence and take effeft, except as is herein-before otherwife pro- m£nt of vided, on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and ^tered^r^re five, and may be altered, varied, or repealed,, by any aft or afts pealed this to be made in this prefent feffion of parliament.	ieffion.

CAP. XI.

An aft for granting certain additional rates and duties in Great Britain y on tke conveyance of letters—[March 12, 1805.]

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Irelandy in parliament affembled, being defirous of raifing the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publickexpences, and of making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freeiy and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Ma-jefty, the additional rates and duties herein-after mentioned ; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and common's, in this prefent parliament aflembled, fou0W-and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the paff- additional ing of this aft, it (hall be lawful for his Majefty’s poft-mafter rates of poft-general and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto fufficiently age to be paid.

pp 2	authorifed.

' f

I

580 " Anno regni quadragfefimo quinto Gko&qiiIII. c- it. [i8oj.

authori fed, for the ufe of his Majefty, Jiis heirs and fuccedors, te j demand, have, receive, and take, for the port and conveyance of I all letters and packets, which he (hall carry, convey, or (end poft I in manner herein-after mentioned, the additional rates and duties | herein-after fpecified, the fame being rated by the letter, or by the ounce 5 videlicet,	i

Rates.	For	the port and conveyance of letters by the port within

Great Britain, for every Tingle letter one penny ; for every double letter two-pence $ for every treble letter or other letter under an ounce in weight three-pence; and for every ounce in weighty ( and for every packet not exceeding an ounce in weight, four- i pence 5 and fo in' proportion for every other letter or packet of 1 greater weight than an ounce:	.

For the port and conveyance of letters by the poft from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, for every lingle letter one penny; for every double letter two-pence; for , every treble letter or other letter under an ounce in weight three- * pence ; and for every ounce in weight, and for every packet not 1 exceeding an ounce in weight, four-pence; and fo in proportion ] for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce: For the port and conveyance of every packet or cover, containing therein, or having affixed thereto, one or more paper or papers with patterns, or one or more pattern or patterns of cloth, (ilk, (luff, or other goods, or one or more fample or famples of any other fort of thing, not exceeding together one ounce in weight', fent agreeably to the provifions of an a6t of parliament, pafled in the twertty-fixth year of the reign of his late majefty * 26 G. a. c. 13. King George the Second, intituled, An all for the more ejfefiually j preventing the fraudulent removal of tobacco by land or water, and for I the eafe of the fair trader in tobacco ; and for afeertaining the rates 4 payable for the pojlage of certain Utters ; and for amending and explaining the laws relating to the faU of fpirituous liquors by retail; and of an aCt, pafled in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his ; 35	3*	c‘	53*	prefent	Majefly, intituled. An aflfor further regulating the fending •

and receiving letters free from the duty of pojlage; for allowing non- J eommijftoned officers, fearnen, and private men, in the army and navy, wbiljt on fervice, to fend and receive letters at a law rate of pojlage ; , and for permitting patterns and famples of goods to be tranfmitted by I the pojl at an eafter rate than is now allowed by law; the fum of J one penny;

For the port and conveyance of every letter, originally fent by the poft, now known by the name of 7heTwo~penny Pojt^ni not firft pafling and afterwards to pafs by the general poft, direQed / to or fent from places beyond the delivery of the general poft letter carriers, the fum of one penny : For the port and conveyance of every letter, originally pafling by the general poft, directed to places beyond the delivery of the general poft, and \	afterwards	delivered	by	the	two-penny	poft,	the	fum of ]two,pence:

For the port and conveyance of letters by the poft, from and to Great Britain to and from parts beyond the fea$, not within his \ Majefty’s dominions, for everyTingle letter two-pence; for every ]

double I

Digitized by Google

1805.] Anno regriiquadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. tx. 581

double letter four-pence 5 for every treble letter or other letter under an ounce in weight fixpenCe; and for every packet not exceeding an ounce in weight eight-pence 5 and fo in proportion, for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce:	.

For the port and conveyance of letters fent by the poft from and to Great Britain to and from the Britijh dominions in America,, to and from or palling through the kingdom of Portugal, and to and from the iflands of Guernfey and Jerfey and the ifle of Man, a packet poftage for every Angle letter of one penny $ for every double letter two-pence; for every treble letter or other letter tinder an punce in weight three-pence; and for every packet not t exceeding an ounce in weight four-pence; and fo in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce.

II*. And be it further enafted, That over and above the rates Letter* paf-and duties by this aft granted, all letters and packets palling from fingtoorfrom Great Britain to the Britijh dominions in America, to or through ^in^nsin °* the kingdom of Portugal, to the iflands of Guernfey and Jerjey America, &c. and the ifle of Man, and all letters and packets from thole re-to be charged fpeftive countries to Great Britain, (hall be charged with the in- with an addi-land rate of poftage hereby eftablifhed, of one penny for eachtlonal ratc* lingie letter, and fo in proportion for double and treble letters, and other letters according to the weight thereof, for their inland conveyance.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing Rate* of poft-herein contained (hall increafe or alter, or be conftrued to increafe *8C uPon

or alter, the amount or manner of charging the rates of poftage &nt upon fingle letters to be fent by the poft by or to feamen or pri- feamen, &c. vates employed in }i\s Majefty’s navy, army, militia, fencible ,made payable regiments, artillery, or marines, upon their own private concerns by 35	3*

only, whilft fuch feamen and privates lhall be employed in the0, 53* publick fervice as aforefaid, made payable by the faid aft parted in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, any thing herein-before contained, to the contrary in anywife not-withftanding.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That all printed Newfpapers newfpapers fent by the poft now known by the name of The Two-

fenny Pojl, to places beyond the delivery of the general poft, (hall pofttopiace* be chargeable with a duty of one penny only; provided fuch beyond the newfpapers be fent in the manner preferibed by an aft, parted in* delivery oft he the forty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, any law fo^c^aive-to the contrary notwithftanding.	able with id~

V.	And be it further enafted. That all the powers, provifions, p0wersofaft* privileges, advantages, difabilities, penalties, forfeitures, and dif- relating to the tribution thereof, and all claufes and other matters and things, poft-office, contained in any aft or afts of parliament in force at the time of no*-repealed parting this aft, relating to the poft-ofEce, or any rates or duties extewUo’this payable on the port or conveyance of letters or packets, (and not aft. repealed or altered by this aft), (hall, fo far as the fame are applicable, continue in force, and be applied and extended, and (hall

be conftrued to apply and extend to this prefent aft, and to the rates and duties hereby granted, as fully and cffeftually, to all

intents

Digitized by

Google

582 Anno rcgni quadragefimoquintoGeorguIII. c. u. [1805.

intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this aft.

Rates to be VI. And be it further enabled, That the feveral rates and du-paid \o the re* ties herein-before granted, (hall be paid from time to time into ceiver-general tjle hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the revenue office. P°	^ie P^ft-office, who (hall payvthe fame (the neceflary charges

for collefting, paying, and accounting for the fame being firft dedufted) into the Teceipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, on fuch days an I times and in fuch manner as the prefent rates and duties are directed by law to be paid; and the faid duties fo to be paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund of Great Britain.

Application of VII. Provided al ways, and be it further enafted, That all the the monies, monies arifing and to arife by the faid rates aind duties, or any of them, (hall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpofe^of defraying the increafed charge occafioned by any loan made, or flock created or to be created, by virtue of any aft or afts paffed or to be pa (Ted in this feflion of parliament; and that the faid monies (hall, during the fpace often years next enfuing, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at IVefiminfier^ diftinftly and apart from all other branches of the pubiick revenues ; and that there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid’period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt, (hall, together with the monies arifing from any rates and duties granted in this feflion of parliament, for the purpofes of defraying fuch increafed charge as aforefaid, be entered ft parate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefiors, upon any account whatever.

Perfons fued VIII. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or perfons may plead the (hall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profecuted for general uiue. any thjng by him, her, or them done or executed in puriaance of this aft, or of any claufe, matter, or thing, herein contained, fuch perfon and perfons (hall gnd may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, for his, her, or their defence;

. and if upon the trial a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Aft may be IX. And be it further enafted. That this aft may be altered, altered or re- varied, or repealed, by any aft'or afts to be made in this prefent £<£. feflion of parliament.	.

CAP. XII.

An aft for raifing the fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thou• fand pounds by way of annuities.—[March 12, 1805.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty*s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

in

.	Aiiho	regni	quadragefimo	quinto	Georgii	III.	c.	12. 583

in parliament aflembled, being defirous tp raife the neceflary

fupplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majefty in this

feffion of parliament, have refolved that the fum of twenty-two

millions five hundred thoufand pounds be raifed by annuities, in

manner herein-after mentioned; and do therefore mod humbly

befeech your Majefty that it may be ena&ed,; and be it enacted

by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice

and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons,

in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the

fame. That every contributor towards raifing the faid fum of Every contri-

twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds (hall, for butor of 100/.

every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to c|1nt^le^

the principal fum of one hundred and fifty pounds, in confoli- 0f ,5o/. in &c

dated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per 3 per cent.

annum, to commence from the fifth day of January one thoufand confols, and

eight hundred and five; and alfo to a further principal fum of cenWe-

twenty-two pounds in reduced annuities, after the rate of three §uceci#

pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day

of Qflober one thoufand eight hundred and four.

II. And^ whereas, purfuant to and upon the terms and conditions ex-preffed in the faid refolution, feveral perfons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpofe^ fubfcribed together the whole of the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed by annuities ; and made depofits of ten pounds per centum on the refpeftive fums by themfo fubfcribed to the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds to be raifed by annuities, with the cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England ; be it therefore ena&ed. That it (hail and may be lawful to and for Contributors fuch contributors, who have made fuch depofits with the cartlier who have or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, ™5 (which cafhier or cafhiers is and are hereby appointed the re- mainder of ceiver and receivers of fuch contributions, without any other fubfcriptions warrant to be had in that behalf), to advance and pay unto the hy inftal- ' faid cafhier or caft\jers of the governor and company of the bank mcnts# of England, the feveral remainders of the fums by them re-fpe&ively fubfcribed towards the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, at or before the refpedtive days and times, and in the proportions hercin-after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to fay), the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the nineteenth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five ; the further fum often pounds per centum^ on or before the twcnty-firft day of May then next following ; the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-firft day of June then next following ; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the 19th day of July then next following; the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the fixteenth day of Auguft then next following; the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the feventeenth day of October then next following ; the further fum of. ten pounds per centum, on or before the fifteenth day of November then next following; the further fum of five pounds

Per

Qigitized by

584 Anno regni qwdragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. ii: [*805.

per centum, on or before the twentieth day of December then next following ; arid the regaining fum of five pounds per centum,, on or before the Seventeenth day of January ofte thoufand eight hundred and fix.

Guardians • m# And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be law. for^infanU. ^ f°r anY guardian or truftee, having the difpofition of the money of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards ad. vancing the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand. pounds, to be raifed by annuities in manner aforefaid ; and fuch infant, upon the payment of fuch fum or Aims fubferibed by fuch guardian or truftee, (hall become a contributor within the meaning of this a&, and be entitled to have and receive the an* nuities, advantages, and payments, in refpefi thereof, in fuch and • the like manner as any other contributor; and the faid guardian and truftee, as to the faid fum or firms io advanced, is hereby dif. charged*, fo as the name of fuch infant be exprefled in the receipt or receipts for fuch money.'

Difcounttobe IV. And be it further enadled, That every contributor paying allowed on	jn the whole, of the fums by them refpe&ively fubferibed in

the whole	re^PC(^ of the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thou-

fubfeription fand pounds, to be contributed as aforefaid, at any time on or be. by December fore the nineteenth day of December one thoufand eight hundred 19, i805.	and five, (hall be entitled to an allowance of fo much money as

the intereft of each fum fo paid in advance for completing his, her, or their contribution refpe&ively (hall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from the day of com. pletingthe fame, to the feventeenth day of January one thoufand pight hundred and fix, which allowance is to be paid by the laid cafhier or cafhiers out of the money to be contributed in purfu. ance of this a<ft, as foon as fuch refpedtive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns, (ball have com* pleted fuch payment.

Contributors V. And be it further enabled. That the feveral fubferibers or entitled to contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and af-ties payable111" %ns> ,m refpeft of the faid fum of twenty-two millions five half-yearly, hundred thoufand pounds, (hall be entitled for every one hundred but not till pounds by him, her, or them refpeeflively advanced and paid to tionsve^m" an annuitX a^ter the rate of three pounds per centum in refpedt of pletecL^ C°m"	Pr>nc*Pal A101 of one hundred and fifty pounds, to commence

• from the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and five, until redemption by parliament in manner hereinafter mentioned ; and (hall alfo be entitled to a further annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, in refpe& of the additional principal Aim of twenty-two poundfc from the tenth dayxf.O^irr one thoufand eight hundred and four, until redemption by parliament in manner herein-after mentioned; which faid refpe&ive annuities (hall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to fay), the faid consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, ofi the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year ; and the faid reduced an* nuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum^ osn the fifth day

Digitized by

Google

1805.] Annofegni quadragcfimoqumtoGEORGiTlII.c. 12.	585

of April and the tenth day of Oftober in every year; the firft payment upon the faid confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum., to'be due on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and five, and on the faid reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum^ on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five} but (hall not be payable until the refpeftive fubfcribers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns, (hall have completed the	t

whole of the fums by them fubfcribed for the purchafe of the faid annuities.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That as foon as any contribu- As foon as tors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns, (hall fubfcriptions have completed their payments of fuch part of the whole fum	be	'

payable by them refpedttvely towards the laid fum of twenty-two transferred, millions five hundred thoufand pounds, as (hall be payable in refpedt of the consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to which they refpedtively (hall become entitled, in refpedi of fuch fubferiptions, the principal fum or fums in the faid consolidated annuities (hall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of fuch refpedtive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns, completing fuch payments refpedttvely; and as foon as fuch contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns, (hall have completed the payments of fuch part of the whole fum payable by them refpedttvely towards the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, as (halbbe payable in refpeft of the faid reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, or any part thereof, or of either of them, the reipedtive principal fums or annuities (hall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of fuch refpedttve contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, completing fuch payments; and the perfons to whole credit fuch principal fums (hall be fo placed, their relpedttve executors,, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, (hall and may have power to affign and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons,' body or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in the bopks of the bank of England; and the faid governor and company of the bank of England are hereby required, as foon as conveniently may be after the parting of this adt, to prepare proper books for the purpofe of entering the names of all fuch contributors, and of placing to their credit the principal fums fo paid by them refpedttvely; and that fuch of the faid contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or affigns, who (hall complete the payments of fuch part^of the whole fum payable by them refpedttvely, towards the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, as (hall be payable in refpedt of any or either of the faid refpe&ive annuities, at any time before the governor and com* . pany of the bank of England (hail have prepared their receipts according to the diredttons of this adf, (hall be entitled to have the fums fo paid forthwith placed to their credit in the books of the

bank

Digitized by

486 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii 111. c. 12. [1805;

bank of England; and the faid governor and company are hereby required to caufe fuch fums to be forthwith placed to the credit of the perfons entitled to the annuities in refpe£t thereof, in the books of the faid bank of England ; and fuch entries in the faid books (hall be in lieu of the receipts hereby dire&ed to be given for all fums paid in manner aforefaid ; and fuch fums (hall carry the refpedfive confolidated annuities after-the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the faid reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, refpedtively, redeemable by parliament; and (hall refpecftively be taken and deemed to be flock transferable according to the true intent and meaning of this-a<St, until redemption thereof, in fuch manner as is^ herein-after mentioned.

Contributors VII. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That all and STholeof their every fuch contributor or contributors, his, her, or their exccu-fubfcriptions tors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, who (hall have paid by the times into the hands of the faid calhier or cathiers the whole of his, herein fpeci- her, or their contribution-money, on or before the fecond day of titkdto an”" ^r^ one thoufand eight hundred and five, (hall be entitled to nuitie8 ofcer- have anc* receive on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight tain periods, hundred and five, at the bank of England, the half year’s annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, that (hall become due on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five; and . that all and every fuch contributor or contributors, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflprs, and afiigns, who (hall have paid into the hands of the faid ca(hier or cafhiers the whole of his, her, or their contribution-money on or before the fecond day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five, (hall be entitled to have and receive on the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five, at the bank of England,\ the half year’s annuity, after the rsue of three pounds per centum, that (hall become due on the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five; and that all and every fuch contributor or contributors* who (hail • have-paid into the hands of the faid cafhier or Caftiiers, the whole of his, her, or their contribution-money, on or before the feventh day of October one thoufand eight hundred and five, (hall be cn* titled to have and receive, on the tenth day of October one thoufand eight hundred and five, at the bank of England, the whole year’s annuity that (hall become due on the tenth day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and five; and that all and every fuch contributor or contributors, who (hall have paid into the hands of the faid ca(hier or cafhiers, the whole of his, her, or their contribution-money, on or before the fecond day of January one thoufand eight hundred and fix, (hall be entitled to have and receive, on the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and fix, at the bank of England^ the whole year’s annuity that (hall become due on the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and fix ; and that all and every perfon or perfons who (hall not have completed the whole of their faid payments, on or before the (aid fecond day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five,"or the faid fecond day of July one thoufand eight

hundred

Digitized by

Google

1805.] Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c* 12. 587

hundred and five, or the faid feventh day of Oflober one thoufand eight hundred and five, or the faid fecond day of January one ' thoufand eight hundred and fix, (hall, on completing the fame within the time in this adfc preferibed, be entitled to receive the year’s annuity from the tenth day of Oflober one thoufand eight hundred and four, and the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and five refpe&ively, as the fame (hall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of this adh

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted. That the Duty granted duty granted by an adf of the forty-third year of the reign of his by 43 &• 3* prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefty> until ^ ^cfoii the fixth day of May next after the ratification of a definitive treaty the half year’s of peace, a contribution on the profits arifingfrom property, profejfions, dividends trades, and offices, (hall not be charged upon the half year’s divi- herein fpeci-dend arifing on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred

and five, of fo much of the three pounds per centum reduced an-riuiries, granted by this adf, as (hall not have been written into the books of the bank of England on or before the twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred and five, being the day appointed by the governor and company of the bank of England for clofing the accounts of the faid three pounds per centum reduced annuities, previous to the payment of the half-yearly dividend thereupon that will become due on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five, nor upon the half year’s dividend payable on the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five, of fo much of the three pounds per centum confolidated annuities, created by this a&, as (hall not have been written into the books of the bank of England on or before fuch	%

day as (hall be appointed by the governor and company of the bank of England for clofing the accounts of theTaid three pounds per centum conciliated annuities, previous to the payment of the half-yearly dividend thereupon, that will become dub on the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed. That all the annuities aforefaid Annuities (hall be payable and paid, and be transferable, at the bank of Englandj and (hall be fubje& to fuch redemption as is herein-atthe^ank. after mentioned.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That fo much money (hall. Money to be

from time to time, be fet apart and iffued*at the receipt of the iiiucd out of exchequer in England^ out of the confolidated fund of Great	-

Britain, to the faid caftiier or cafhiers of the governor and com- Qrgat gritaTn pany of the bank of England> as (hall be fufficient to fatisfy and for payment pay the ref[>e61ive annuities to be created in refpeft of the faid of annuities lum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds,an<* charges} together with the charges attending the fame.

XI.	And be it further enadled. That all the faid annuities, and (hall be intereft, and dividends, which (hall become payable in refpedfc of charged upon the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand *he ^nd. pounds, (hall be eharged and chargeable upon, and are hereby

charged upon and made payable out of the confolidated fund of Great Britain.

XII.	And

583 Anno regnt quadragefimo quinto GfioRon III. c. 11. [18054 The treafury XII. And be it further enabled. That the commjffioners. o£ Iffu^outof10 Majefty’s treafury in Ireland, or any three or more of then* the confoli- for ume being, (hall from time to time, without any further dated fund warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in this behalf, caufe to and pay into be iffiied at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer out of the VnglandUer confo^ated fund of Ireland^ and paid into the receipt of his money to an- Majefty’s exchequer in England, fo much monies as (hall be fwer annui- fufficient from time to time to anfwer to the (aid exchequer ift ties, &c. to Englandy the feveral and refpeftive annuities and other payments a certain hereby direfted to be paid thereout \ and that fuch payments fhall be made into the faid exchequer in England half-yearly, byeven and equal portions (that is to fay), fuch of the faid Turns as (hall be paid for the eonfolidated annuities in refpeft of the fum of two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, on or before, the firft day of July and the firft day of January in every year and fueh of the faid fums as (hall be paid tor the reduced annuities in refpeft of the faid fum, on or before the firft day of April and the fifth day of Oftober in every year 5 tlie firft payment upon the faid eonfolidated annuities to be made on or before the firft day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five, and on the faid reduced annuities, on or before the firlt day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five.

XIII.	And, for the more eafy and fure payment f all the feveral annuities ejlablijbed by this at7, be it further enafted, That the faid governor and company of the bank of Englandy and their fuc-ceflors, (hall from time to time, until all the faid annuities (hall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more fufficient perfon or perfons, within their office in the city of Londony to be their chief or firft cafhier or calhiers, and one other fufficient perfon within the fame office, to be their accountant-general 5 and that fo much of the monies by this aft appropriated for the purpofe, as (hall be fufficient from time to time to anfwer the faid feveral and refpeftive annuities, and other payments, herein direfted to be made out of the faid monies, in refpeft of the whole Qf the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, (hall, by order of the commiffioners of the treafury of Great Britainy or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, without any further warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpeftive days of payment in this aft Appointed for payment thereof, be iffued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer in Great Britainy to the faid firft or chief cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors, for the time being, by way of impreft and upon . account, for the payment of the faid feveral and refpeftive annuities payable by virtue of this aft ; and that fuch caftiier or cafhiers, to whom the faid money (hall from time to time be iflued, fhall from time to time, without delay, pay the faipo accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due courfe of the exchequer ip Great Britain j and that the faid accountant-general for the time being (hall from time to

time

The Bank to appoint a cafhier and an accountant-general, and the treafury to order money to be iflued to the cafhier for payment of annuities.

Digitized by

Go< e

*805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 12, 589 time infpe& and examine all receipts and payments of the (aid cafbier or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XIV.	And be it further cna&ed. That the cafliier or cafhiers Cafhier to of the governor and company of the bank of England^ who fhall fivc/c?-ciPt# have received or fhall receive any part of the faid contributions (ianS *^ich towards the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred m2Ly afEga. thoufand pounds, fhall give a receiptor receipts in writing to edbeforeDec. every fuch contributor (pr all fuch fums; and that the receipts 1805.

to be given (hall be affignab'le at any time before the eighteenth

day of December one thoufand eight hundred and five, and no

longer : provided always, that fuch calhier or cafhiers fhall give Caftiier to give

fecurity to the good liking of any three or more of the com- fecurity for

miffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer of Great Britain Pav^n£ the ^

for the time being, for duly anfwering and paying into the^velintothe

receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer in' Great Britain, as after-exchequer.

mentioned, for the publick ufe, all the monies which they have

already received, and (hall hereafter receive from time to time,

of and for the whole of the faid fum pf twenty-two millions five

hundred thoufand pounds, and for accounting duly for the (ante,

and for performance of the truft hereby in them repofed, and

fhall from time to time pay all fuch monies as foon as he or they

fhall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days

afterwards at the fartheft, into and (hall account for the fame,

in the exchequer of Great Britain, according to the due courfef

thereof, deducing thereout fuch fums as fhall have been paid by

him or them in purfuance of this a&, for which fums fo paid

allowance (hall be made in his or their accounts.

XV.	And be it ena&ed. That in the office of the accountant- A book to be general of the governor and company of the bank of England for a^countwit the time being, a book or books fhall be provided and kept, in general's of-which the names of the contributors fhall be fairly entered; fice for enter-which book or books, the faid refpe&ive contributors, their ing contribu-refpe&ive executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and afligns, fhall to*s' jiame8» and may from time to time, and at all feafonable times, refort to whereof^o be and infpedi without any fee or charge $ and thaf the faid tranfmitted to accountant-general (hall, on or before the fifth day of July one the auditor thoufand eight hundred and fix, tranfmit an attefted duplicate, °£*he ex-fairly written on paper, of the faid book or books into thec c<*uer-office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer

of Great Britain, there to remain for ever.

XVI.	And be it further enadled. That fuch contributors, Contributors duly paying the whole fum fo fubferibed at or before the refpec—1Paj^n5 tive times, in this a<ft limited in that behalf, and their refpedive fcHptions en-executcfrs, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and afligns, fhall have, titled to receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this a& to have, annuities receive, and enjoy, the faid feveral annuities, by this a£t grantedtax

in refpeS of the fum fo fubferibed, out of the monies granted and appropriated in this feflion of parliament for payment thereof, and (hall have good and fure interefts and eftates therein,

s	according

5 9°

Kited.

Annuities to be deemed perfonal cftate.

Anno regni quadragefimo quirtto Georgii III. c. 12. [1805#

according to the feveral provifions in this a<ft contained, and that the faid feveral annuities (hall be free from all taxes, charges, t and impoiitions whatfoever.

Subfcriptions XVII. Provided always. That in cafe any fuch contributors and notPcom* w^° ^ave alrea<ty depofited with or (hall hereafter pay to the plcted, for- * (aid cafhier or cafhiers any fum or fums of money at the time and in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the fum or Aims fo by them refpe&ively fubfcribed, ot their refpe<5Hve executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or afligns, (hall not advance and pay to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, the refidue of the fum or fums fo fubfcribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every fuch cafe fo much of fhe refpeftive fum or fums fo fubfcribed, as (hall have been actually paid in part thereof to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, (hall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the faid annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum refpe&ively, in refpeft thereof, (hall be extinguifhed ; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XVIII.	. And be it further ena&ed, That all perfons who (hall be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in refpedt of the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, and all perfons lawfully claiming under them, (hall be poflefled thereof as of a perfonal eftate, which (hall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or otherwife ; any law, ftatute, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, to ifliie and apply from time to time all fuch fums of money as (hall be fo paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer of Great Britain, by the faid cafhier or cafhiers, to fuch fervices as (hall then have been voted by the commons' of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this prefent feflion of parliament.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That the faid lords-commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, (hall and may, and they are hereby authorifed, out of the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, to remit to the exchequer of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, from time to time, any fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, to be applied to fuch Services for Ireland, as (hall have been voted by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this prefent feflion of parliament.

XXI.	And be it further enabled. That books (hall be con-ftantly kept by the faid accountant-general for the time being, wherein all alignments or transfers of all fums advanced or contributed towards the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, (hall be entered and regiftered; which

entry

Treafury may apply the money paid into the exchequer.

Treafury may remit to Ireland part of the loan.

Accountant-general to keep books for entering transfers.

Digitized by

Google

1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III.c. n. 591

entry (hall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and ihall be figned by the parties making fuch alignments or transfers, or if fuch parties be abfent, by their refpedtive attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised, in writing under his or their hanc^and feal, or hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witneffes; and that the feveral perfons to whom fuch transfers (hall be made, (hall refpedlively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of aligning and transferring the faid annuities, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, (hall be good or available in law: provided always, Stock may be that all perfons poffeffed of any (hare or intereft in either of thedev“c<1, faid flocks of annuities, or any eftate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by will, in writing, attefted by two or more credible witneffes; but that no paymeiTt (hall be made upon any fuch devife, until fo much of the faid will as relates to fuch (hare, eftate, or intereft, in the faid flocks of annuities, be entered in the faid office; and that in default of fuch tranter or devife, fuch (hare, eftate, or intereft, in the faid flocks of annuities, (hall go to the executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns ; and that no (lamp-duties whatfoever (hall be charged Transfers on any of the faid transfers; any law or ftatute to the contraryft^p^dutieL notwithftanding.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That out Treafury may of the monies arifihg from the contributions towards raifing the defray inci" faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, pf^esout of by annuities, any three or more of the commiffioners of thecontribu-treafury, or the high frealurer of Great Britain for the time being, tions, and al-fhall have power to difcharge all fuch incident charges as Oiali l°w falat-ies neceffarily attend the execution of this a£l, in fuch manner as account to them (hall feem juft and reafonable; and alfo to fettle and tant-general. appoint fuch allowances as fhall be thought proper for the fervice,

pains, and labour of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid contributions; and aifo (hall have power to make, out of the faid confolidated fund, fuch further allowances as (hall be judged reafonable for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid cafhier or cafhiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the, faid annuities payable by virtue of this a<ft; and aifo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid accountant-general, for performing the truft repofed in him by this aft; all which allowances to be made as aforefaid, in refpe& of the fervice, pains, and labour of. any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, (hall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only.

XXIII.	And be it further enadled, That all the monies to The 3 per which any perfon or perfons (hall become entitled by virtue of cent. confoH-this a&, in refpetft of any fum advanced or contributed towards tic^to^e Ul" the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand added to the pounds, on which the faid confolidated annuities, after the rate joint ftockof of three pounds per centum per annum, (hall be attending, (hall 3 Percent, be added to the joint flock of annuities transferable at the bank annifltica. of England, into which the feveral fums carrying an intereft aftej:

the

Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. iz. (1805.

the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were, by feveral ads made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-fecond, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and by feveral fubfequent ads, cpnfolidated, and (hall be deemed part of the faid joint ftock of annuities, fubjed neverthelefs to redemption by parliament, in fetch manner, and upon fuch notice as in the faid a St made in the twenty-fifth year of his faid late Majgfty’s reign is direded in refped of the feveral and refpedive annuities redeemable by virtue of the faid ad, and that all and every perfon and perfons and corporations whatfoever,, in proportion to the money to which he, {he, or they, {hall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this ad, (hall have and be deemed to have a proportional intereft and {hare in the laid joint ftock of annuities at the rates aforefaid.

The % per XXIV. And he it further -evaded, That all the monies to underThi3Cad 'w^^c^ any perfon or perfons {hall become entitled by virtue of to be added to* his act, in refped of any fum advanced or contributed towards thejoint ftock the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pe^ccnt#- pounds, on which the faid reduced annuities, after the rate of r ucc * three pounds per centum per annum, (hall be attending, {hall be added to the joint ftock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, which, by an ad made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majefty, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds per centum per annum, and {hall be deemed part of the faid joint ftock of annuities, fubjed neverthelefs to redemption by parliament, in fuch manner and upon fuch notice as in the feveral ads by which the faid annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were refpedively granted, are directed in refped of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof*; and that all and every perfon and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, {he* or they {hall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this ad, {hall have and be deemed to have a proportional intereft and (hare in the faid joint ftock of annuities at the rate aforefaid.

XXV. And be it further enaded. That if any perfon or perfons {hall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or (hall willingly ad or aflift in the forging or counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for the whole of, or any part or parts of the faid contributions towards the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, either with or without the name or names of any perfon or perfons being inferted therein, as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or (hall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publilh, as true, any fuch falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, every fuch perfon or perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufing or

. procuring

Perfons coun. terfeitiujg receipts for contributions, See. guilty of felony.



Digitized \ google

Digitized by t^ooQle

5$4 Anno regni qrodragefimo quinto Georgii III. g. it; [i9o$.

per centum^ on or before the twentieth day of Decmbtr then next I following ; and the renaming fum of five pounds per centum^ on I or before the fcventcenth day of January one thoufand eight ■ hundred and fin.

Guardians	• m. And be fa further ena&ed, That it (ball and may be law«

for^infant/.	^or any 8uar{*ian or truftee, having the difpofmon of the	J

money of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards ad-.	vancing	the	faid	fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thou-

fand pounds, to be raifed by annuities in manner aforefaid ; and j fuch infant, upon the payment of fuch fum or Turns fubfcribed by r fuch guardian or truftee, (hall become a contributor within the meaning of this a&, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments, in refped thereof, in fuch and • the like manner as any other contributor; and the faid guardian and truftee, as to the faid fum or fmns (b advanced, is hereby dif-charged*, fo as the name of fuch infant be exprefled in the receipt J or receipts for fuch money.’	-	i

Difcounttobc IV. And be it further enadled, That every contributor paying	I

allowed on jn the whole, of the fums by them refpe&ively fubfcribed in	]

the whole	of	the	faid	fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thou-

fubfeription fand pounds, to be contributed as aforefaid, at any time on or be* by December fore the nineteenth day of December out thoufand eight hundred 19, 1805. and five, (hall be entitled to an allowance of fo much money as c the intereft of each fum fo paid in advance for completing his, her, or their contribution refpe&ively fhall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from the day of completing the fame, to the feventeenth day of January one thoufand pight hundred and fix, which allowance is to be paid by the (aid cafhier or cafhiers out of the money to be contributed in purfu* ance of this aeft, as foon as fuch refpedlive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns, (ball have com-pleted fuch payment.

Contributors V. And be it further enabled, That the feveral fubferibers or wtaiifamiui coPtr^utors» l^e‘r executors, adminiftrators, fuccetfors, and af-ties payable11" %ns*	of the faid fum of twenty-two millions five

half-yearly, hundred thoufand pounds, (hall be entitled for every one hundred	v,

but nof till	pounds by him, her, or them refpeeftively advanced and paid to	h

tions»bfcnP" an annui(y a^ter thcratc °f three pounds per centum in refpedt of pleted*^ C°m* r^e Princ*Pal fum 9^ one hundred and fifty pounds, to commence • from the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and five, until redemption by parliament in manner hereinafter mentioned ; and (hail alfo be entitled to a further annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum^ in refpedt of the additional principal fom of twenty-two poundfc from the tenth Azy .OSoker one thoufand eight hundred and four, until redemption by parliar ment in manner herein-after mentioned ; which faid refpe&ive annuities (hall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to fay), the faid consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, ofi the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year ; and the faid reduced annuities) after the rate of three pounds per ctntum% on the fifth day

of

Digitized by Google

r8o5*] Annofegm qQadragclhnoqumtoGEORGiTlII.c.ii. 585

of April and the tenth day of Ofiober in every year; the firft payment upon the faid confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to*be due on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and five, and on the faid reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five} but (hall not be payable until the refpedtive fubfcribers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or affigns, (hall have completed the	/

whole of the Tunis by them fubfcribed for the purchafe of the faid annuities.

VI. And be it further ena&ed, That as foon as any contribu- As foon as tors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or affigns, (hall fubfcriptions have completed their payments of fuch part of the whole fum the^ma^hc^ payable by them refpe&ively towards the faid fum of twenty-two transf^rixd. millions five hundred thoufand pounds, as (hall be payable in refpedfc of the cdnfolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to which they refpedlively (hall become entitled, in refpe& of fuch fubfcriptions, the principal fum or Turns in the faid consolidated annuities (hall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of fuch refpe&ive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or af-figns, completing fuch payments refpedbvely; and as foon as fuch contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or affigns, (hall have completed the payments of fuch part of the whole fum payable by them refpe&ively towards the faid fum of twenty»twa millions five hundred thoufand pounds, as (hall'be payable in refpe£t of the faid reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, or any part thereof, or of either of them, the refpe&ive principal fums or annuities (hall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of fuch refpedUve contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns, completing fuch payments; and the perfons to whole credit fuch principal fums (hall be fo placed, their refpedlive executors,, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns, (hall and may have power to aflign and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons,' body or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in the bopks of the bank of England; and the faid governor and company of the bank of England are hereby required, as foon as conveniently may be after the pafling of this adt, to prepare proper books for the purpofe of entering the names of all fuch contributors, and of placing to their credit the principal fums fo paid by them refpectivdy; and that fuch of the faid contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or affigns, who (hall complete the payments of fuch parts of the whole fum payable by them refpedlively, towards the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, as (hall be payable in refpedl of any or either of the faid refpe&ive annuities, at any time before the governor and com# . pany of the bank of England (hall have prepared their receipts according to the dire&ions of this a<S, (hall be entitled to have the fums fo paid forthwith placed to their credit in the books of the

bank

Digitized by (^.ooQle

486 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii 111. c. 12. [i8o$.

bank of England; and the faid governor and company are hereby required to caufe fuch fums to be forthwith placed to the credit of the perfons entitled to the annuities in refpeft thereof, in the books of the faid bank of England; and fuch entries in the faid books (hall be in lieu of the receipts hereby dire&ed to be given for all futns paid in manner aforefaid ; and fuch fums (hall carry the refpe&ive confolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the faid reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumy refpedtively, redeemable by parliament; and (hall refpetftively be taken and deemed to be flock transferable according to the true intent and meaning of this-adt, until redemption thereof, in fuch manner as is^ herein-after mentioned.

Contributors VII. provided always, and be it further enadled, That all and who”eof their evei7 fuch contributor or contributors, his, her, or their execu-fubfcriptions tors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and afligns, who (hall have paid by the times into the hands of the faid calhier or calhiers the whole of his, herein fpeci- her, or their contribution-money, on or before the fecond day of titkdtoan”" ^Pr^ one t^ou^anc^ eight hundred and five, (hall be entitled to nuitie8 etfcer- have an<^ receive on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight tain periods, hundred and five, at the bank of England, the half year’s annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum* that (hall become due on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five; and . that all and every fuch contributor or contributors, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fuccelTors, and afligns, who (hall have paid into the hands of the faid ca(hier or calhiers the whole of his, her, or their contribution-money on or before the fecond day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five, (hall be entitled to have and receive on the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five, at the bank of England, the half year’s annuity, after the raje of three pounds per centum., that (hall become due on the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five; and that all and every fuch contributor or contributors* who (ha/I have-paid into the hands of the faid calhier or calhiers, the whole of his, her, or their contribution-money, on or before the feventh day of OSlober one thoufand eight hundred and five, (hall be entitled to have and receive, on the tenth day of Ofteber one thoufand eight hundred and five, at the bank of England, the whole year’s annuity that (hall become due on the tenth day of October one thoufand eight hundred and five; and that all and every fuch contributor or contributors, who (hall have paid into the hands of the faid cafhier or calhiers, the whole of his, her, or their contribution-money, on or before the fecond day of January one thoufand eight hundred and fix, (hall be entitled to have and receive, on the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and fix, at the bank of England^ the whole year’s annuity that fhall become due on the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and fix ; and that all and every perfon or perfons who (hall not have completed the whole of their faid payments, on or before the (aid fecond day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five,' or the faid fecond day of July one thoufand eight

hundred

ied by

Google

1805.] Ahno rcgni quadragefimo quinto Georgii IH. c. 12. 587

hundred and five, or the faid feventh day of Oflober one thoufand eight hundred and five, or the faid fecond day of January one thoufand eight hundred and fix, (hall, on completing the fame within the time in this a6t prescribed, be entitled to receive the year’s annuity from the tenth day of October one thoufand eight hundred and four, and the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and five refpe&ively, as the fame (hall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of this adh

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled. That the Duty granted duty granted by an a£! of the forty-third year of the reign of his by 43 O. 3. prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majefiy, until £ ***•

the Jixth day of May next after the ratification of a definitive treaty the half year’s

of peace, a contribution on the profits artfingfrom property, profeffions, dividends

trades, and offices, (hall not be charged upon the halt year’s divi- herein fpeci-

dend arifing on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred

and five, of fo much of the three pounds per centum reduced an-

riuities, granted by this a<$t, as (hall not have been written into

the books of the bank of England on or before the twenty-fixth

day of February one thoufand eight hundred and five, being the

day appointed by the governor and company of the bank of

England {or clofing the accounts of the faid three pounds per

centum reduced annuities, previous to the payment of the half-

yearly dividend thereupon that will become due on the fifth day

of April one thoufand eight hundred and five, nor upon the half

year’s dividend payable on the fifth day of July one thoufand

eight hundred and five, of fo much of the three pounds per centum

confolidated annuities, created by this a&, as (hall not have been

written into the books of the bank of England on or before fuch

day as (hall be appointed by the governor and company of the

bapk of England for clofing the accounts of theTaid three pounds

per centum confolulated annuities, previous to the payment of the

half-yearly dividend thereupon, that will become dufc on the fifth

day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five.

IX.	And be it further ena£ted, That all the annuities aforefaid Annuities (hall be payable and paid, and be transferable, at the bank

England; and jfhall be fubjed to fuch redemption as is herein- auhVliank. after mentioned.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That fo much money (ball. Money to be from time to time, be fet apart and iffued*at the receipt of the blued out of exchequer in England out of the confolidated fund of Great ^tcTfund of Britain, to the faid cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and com- Qrgat gritaTn pany of the bank of England, as (hall be fufficient to fatisfy and for payment pay the refpedlive annuities to be created in refpedt of the faid of annuities fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds,and charges $ together with the charges attending the fame.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed. That all the faid annuities, and (hall be intereft, and dividends, which (hall become payable in refpe£t of charged upon the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand ^ pounds, (hall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby

charged upon and made payable out of the confolidated fund of Great Britain.

,	XII. And

588 Annoregnt quadragefimo quintoGBORon III. c. 12. [18054

The treafury XII. And be it further ena&ed, That the comm>fianef& of &ueo»t,oft0 k*s Majefty’s treafury in Ireland, or aay three or more of them the confoli- f°r ^me being* ®aU from time to time, without any further dated fund warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in this behalf, caufe to and pay into be iffued at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer out of the to VnglandUCr conf°bdated fund of Ireland^ and paid into the receipt of his money to an- Majefty’s exchequer in England* fo much monies as (hall be fwerannui- fufficient from time to time to anfwer to the faid exchequer ia ties, Sec. to	Englandy the feveral and refpedtive annuities and other payments

Mount*1 hereby dire&ed to be paid thereout* and that fuch payments fhall be made into the faid exchequer in England half-yearly, by-even and equal portions (that is to fay), fuch of the faid Turns as fhall be paid for the eonfolidated annuities in refpedt of the fum of two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, on or before

the firft day of July and the firft day of January in every year i ' and fueh of the (aid fums as (hall be paid tor the reduced annuities in refpe<5t of the faid fum, on or before the firft day of Jpril and the fifth day of October in every year; the firft payment upon the faid eonfolidated annuities to be made on or before the firft day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five, and on the faid reduced annuities, on or before the firft day of Jpril one thoufand eight hundred and five.

The Bank to XIII. Jnd9 for the more eajy and fare payment of all the feveral calhier and an annuities ejlahlijhed by this aft, be it further enacted. That the faid accountant- governor and company of the bank of England^ and their fuc-'general, and ceffors, fhall from time to time, until all the faid annuities fhall ftgtay be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more fufficient perfon ney to^e™0" or perfons, within their office in the city of London, to be their tolled to the chief or firft cafhier or cafhiers, and one other fufficient perfon cafhier for within the fame office, to be their accountant-general 5 and that payment of fQ much 0f the monies by this a6t appropriated for the purpofe, annui les. as	fufljcjent fr0m time to time to anfwer the faid feveral

and refpe<ftive annuities, and other payments, herein directed to , be made out of the faid monies, in refpe& of the whole of the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, (hall, by order of the commiflioners of the treafury of Great Britain, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, without any furtheF warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpeSive days of payment in this aAppointed for payment thereof, be iffued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer in Great Britain, to the faid firft or chief cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors, for the time being, by way of impreft and upon . account, for the payment of the faid feveral and refpe&ive annuities payable by virtue of this a<ft * and that fuch cafhier or cafhiers, to whom the faid money fhall from time to time be iffued, fhall from time to time, without delay, pay the fatpo accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due courfe of the exchequer ip Great Britain j and that the faief accountant-general for the time being fhall from time ta

time

Digitized by

Google

Anno regni quadragefimo qulnto Georgii III. c. 12. 589

time inlpeft and examine all receipts and payments of the laid cafbier or caihiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XIV.	And be it further enabled. That the caftiier or cafhiers Cafhier to of the governor and company of the bank of England^ who (hall JPVC receipts have received or {hall receive any part of the faid contributions ti^Ub^i5i towards the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred may*^ affign* thoufand pounds, (hall give a receiptor receipts in writing to ed before Dec. every fuch contributor far all fuch fums; and that the receipts 1805.

to be’given (hall be affignab'Ie at any time before the eighteenth

day of December one thoufand eight hundred and five, and no

longer : provided always, that fuch caftiier or ca(hiers (hall give Caftiier to give

fecurity to the good liking of any three or more of the com-fecurity for

miffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer of Great Britain Pav,n& the

for the time being, for duly anfwering and paying into theSweTintoSe

receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer in' Great Britain, as after- exchequer.

mentioned, for the publick ufe, all the monies which they have

already received, and (hall hereafter receive from time to time,

of and for the whole of the faid fum pf twenty-two millions five

hundred thoufand pounds, and for accounting duly for the fame,

and for performance of the truft hereby in them repofed, and

(hall from time to time pay all fuch monies as foon as he or they

(hall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days

afterwards at the fartheft, into and (hall account for the fame,

in the exchequer of Great Britain, according to the due courfeJ

thereof, deducing thereout fuch fums as faall have been paid by

him or them in purfuance of this aft, for which fums fo paid

allowance (hall be made in his or their accounts.

XV.	And be it enafted. That in the office of the accountant- A book to be general of the governor and company of the hank of England for

the time being, a book or books (hall be provided and kept, in general'*^?-wbich the names of the contributors (hall be fairly entered; fice for enter-which book pr books, the faid refpeftive contributors, their ing contribu-refpeftive executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and afligns* (hall t0!js' name8> and may from time to time, and at all feafonable times, refort to whereof^ be and infpeft without any fee or charge; and thaf the faid tranfmitted to accountant-general (hall, on or before the fifth day of July one the auditor thoufand eight hundred and fix, tranfmit an attefted duplicate, ex-fairly written on paper, of the faid book or books into thec <<*uer# office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer of Great Britain, there to remain for ever.

XVI.	And be it further enafted. That fuch contributors, Contributors duly paying the whole fum fo fubferibed at or before the refpec-^ly ?aj^ng tive times, in this aft limited in that behalf, and their refpeftive f^iprions en-executcfrs, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and aftigns, (hall have, titled to receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this aft to have, annuities receive, and enjoy, the faid feveral annuities, by this aft grantedtax

in refpeft of the fum fo fubferihed, out of the monies granted and appropriated in this feffion of parliament for payment thereof, and (hall have good and fare intcrefts and eftates therein,

according

Digitized by

Google

Annuities to be deemed perfonal cftate.

590 Anno regni quadragefimo quirlto Georgii III. c. 12. [i8o£,

according to the feveral provifions in this acontained,' and that the faid feveral annuities (hall be free from all taxes, charges,

, and irnpofitions whatfoever.

^kfcriptions XVII. Provided always, That in cafe any fuch contributors *«d notPcom- w^° ^ave alfea(ty depofited with or (hall hereafter pay to the pitted, for- ~ faid cafhier or cafhiers any fum or fums of money at the time ■cited. and in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the fund or fums fo by them refpe&ively fubfcribed, or their refpe&ive executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or affigns, (hall not advance and pay to the faid cafhier or calhiers, the refidue of the fum or fums fo fubfcribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every fuch cafe fo much of jhe refpedtive fum or fums fo fubfcribed, as (hall have been adlually paid in part thereof to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, (hall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the faid annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per centum per annum refpe&ively, in refpeft thereof, (hall be extinguifhed ; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary thereof, in any wife notwithftanding.

XVIII,. And be it further enadted, That all perfons who (hall be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in refpedl of the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, and all perfons lawfully claiming under them, (hall be poflefled thereof as of a perfonal eftate, which (hall not be defcendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or otherwife j any law, ftatute, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Treafury may XIX. And be it further enadted, That it (hall be lawful for any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, to iflue and apply from time to time all fuch fums of money as (hall be fo paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer of Great Britain, by the faid cafhier or cafhiers, to fuch fervicts a9 (hall then have been voted by the commons of the united kingdom pf Great Britain and Ireland, in this prefent feflion of parliament.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That the faid lords-commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, (hall and may, and they are hereby authorifed, out of the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred .thoufand pounds, to remit to the exchequer of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, from time to time, any fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of two millions five hundred-thoufand pounds, to be applied to fuch Cervices for Ireland, as (hall have been voted by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this prefent feflion of parliament.

XXI.	And be it further enadted, Thab books (hall be con-ftantly kept by the faid accountant-general for the time being, wherein all alignments or transfers of all fums advanced or contributed towards the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, (hall be entered and regiftered; which

enuy

apply the money paid into the exchequer/

Treafury may remit to Ireland part of the loan.

Accountant-general to keep books for entering transfers.

Digitized

:ed by Google

1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo qulnto Georgii III. c. iz. 591

entry fhall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe* and Ihall be figned by the parties making fuch aflignments or transfers, or if fuch parties be abfent, by their refpeftive attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorifed, in writing under his or their hanc^and feal, or hands and feals, to be attefled by two or more credible witnefles; and that the feveral perfons to whom fuch transfers {hall be made, fhall refpeftively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of aligning and transferring the faid annuities, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, fhall be good or available in law: provided always, Stock may be that all perfons poflefled of any fhare or intereft in either of thedevl*cd* faid (locks of annuities, or any eftate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by will, in writing, attefted by two or more credible witnefles; but that no paiymertt fhall be made upon any fuch devife, until fo much of the faid will as relates to fuch fhare, eftate, or intereft, in the faid (locks of annuities, be entered in the faid office; and that in default of fuch transfer or devife, fuch fhare, eftate, or intereft, in the faid flocks of annuities, fhall go to the executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns ; and that no (lamp-duties whatfoever (hall be charged Transfers on any of the faid transfers; any law or ftatute to the contrary ftamp^dutiw, notwithftanding.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That out Treafurymay of the monies arifihg from the contributions towards raifing the defray inc^“ faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, p!{Jcesout of by annuities, any three or more of the commiflioners of thecontribu-treafury, or the high ttealurer of Great Britain for the time being, tions, and al-(hall have power to difeharge all fuch incident charges as fhall low falaries neceffarily attend the execution of this aft, in fuch manner as and account to them (hall feem juft and reafonable; and alfo to fettle and taut-general, appoint fuch allowances as fhall be thought proper for the fervice,

pains, and labour of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid contributions; and aifo fhall have power to make, out of the faid confolidated fund, fuch further allowances as fhall judged reafonable for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid cafhier or cafhiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the, faid annuities payable by virtue of this aft; and alfo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid accountant-general, for performing the truft repofed in him by this aft; all which allowances to be made as aforefaid, in refpeft of the fervice, pains, and labour of. any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, fhall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted. That all the monies to The 3 per which any perfon or perfons fhall become entitled by virtue of cent, confofi-this aft, in refpeft of any fum advanced or contributed towards tie^toTe Ul" the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand added to the pounds, on which the faid confolidated annuities, after the rate joint flock of of three pounds per centum per annum^ fhall be attending, (hall 3 Per cent, be added to the joint (lock of annuities transferable at the bank annStics.

of England, into which the feveral fums carrying an intereft aftej*

the

Digitized by

Google

59*

Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii IQ. c. 12. [1805.

the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were, by feveral ads made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-feqond, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and by ieveral fubfequent ads, cpnfolidated, and {hall be deemed part of the faid joint flock of annuities, fubjed nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in fuch manner, and upon fuch notice as in the faid a<3 made in the twenty-fifth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign is dire&ed in relped of the feveral and relpedive annuities redeemable by virtue of the faid ad, and that all and every perfon and perfons and corporations whatfoever,, in proportion to the money to which he, (he, or they, {hall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this ad, (hall have and be deemed to have a proportional interefl and (hare in the faid joint flock of annuities at the rates aforefaid.

The 5 per XXIV. And he it further ei^aded, That all the monies to un^e/this^d 'w^ch any perfon or perfons {hall become entitled by virtue of to be added to *his ad, in refped of any fum advanced or contributed towards the joint ftock the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pe^ccut,: pounds, on which the faid reduced annuities, after the rate of reduced. three pounds per centum per annum% (hall be attending, {hall be added to the joint flock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, which, by an ad made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majefty, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds per centum per annum% and {hall be deemed part of the faid joint flock of annuities, fubjed neverthelefs to redemption by parliament, in fuch manner and upon fuch notice as in the feveral ads by which the faid annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were refpedively granted, are directed in refped of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof*5 and that all and every perfon and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, {he, or they {hall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this ad, {hall have and be deemed to have a proportional interefl; and {hare in the faid joint ftock of annuities at the rate aforefaid.

Perfons coun- XXV. And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or terfeithig rc- perfong foall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or {hall willingly ad or aflift in the forging or counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for the whole of, or any part or parts of the faid contributions towards the faid fum of twenty-two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, either with or without the name or names of any perfon or perfons being inferted therein, as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or {hall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publilb, as true, any fuch falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, every fuch perfon or perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufing or

^ procuring

ceipts for contributions, &c. guilty of felony.

/

Digitized by *

G#31'

t

Digitized by t^ooQle

Digitized by t^ooQle

Digitized by t^ooQle﻿ 180^.] Anno regni quadrageftmo quinto Gborgii III. c. 13.          593
 procuring to be fotged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or, afiifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering,
 .or publifhing as aforefaid, being thereof convicted- in due form of law, (hall be adjudged gyilty of felony, and {hall fuffcr death as a felon without benefit of clergy.
    XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the t0 con*
 faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their   ion^Jl
 fucceffors, notwfthftamiing the redemption of all or any of their Jhe annuities own funds, in purfuance of the adls for eftab'ifhing the fame, or hereby grant-any of them, (hall continue a corporation for the purpofrs of *d ceale. this adf, until all the annuities by this a£t granted (hall be ree’eemed by parliament as aforefaid ; and that the faid governor
 and company of the bank of England, dr any member thereof,
 (hall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this adl.                         *
    XXVII.     And be it further enabled, That no fee, reward, or N° fee to be gratuity, whatfoever, {hall be demanded or taken of any of histaken rc" Majeftv’s, fubje&s, for receiving or paying the faid fubfeription tributfons" or or contribution-monies, or any of them, or for any receipt con- paying or cerning the fafne, or for paying the faid annuities, Or any of transferring them, or for any transfer of any fum, great or ftnalj, to be made annuities, on in purfuance of this adf, upon pain that any officer or perfon ^ ^ offending, by taking or demanding any fuch fee, reward, or gratuity, {hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty
 pounds to the party aggrieved, with full cofts of fuity to be
 recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information^ ;\n.\an.y
 of his Majefty’s courts of record at          , whertibno./ -
 effoign, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injuncting 6t>~
 order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance {Hal/ Jls-„ _    .
 granted or allowed.                              /  ;.             ;V-
    XXVIII.     And be it further enadled, That if any-p^efon/or ^erfcns'fued perfons (hall be fued, molcfted, or profecuted, for
 done by virtue or in purfuance of this aft, fuch perfon or**:' perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this adt * ' and the fpecial matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdi<51 {hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall discontinue his, her, or their adtion or profecution, or be nonfuited, or judgement fhall be given againft him, her, or them, Upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft any fuch Treble cofts. plaintiff or plaintiffs.
                                                       CAP. XIII.
 An af! for granting to his Majejly additional duties in Great Britain on horfes ufed in riding, or for drawing certain          ; and for
   conciliating the fatd additional duties with the prefent duties thereon. [March 18, 1805.]
 Vol. XLV.

 Moft
La
8le
-al frorr
NEW
PUE
                                             594 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 15. [1805.
 -                    Moft  gracious Sovereign,
                 WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of the united kingdom, of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament ailembled, towards raiftng the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue of Great             ,
                 have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral additional duties herein-after mentioned ; and do molt humbly befeech y*ur Majefty that it may be enacted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the -fifth day of Thedutiei on ^r^one thoufand eight hundred and five, in that part of Great horfes, as fpe- Britain,called           England, the dominion of and town of
    fied in fche- Berwick- upon-Twced, and from and after the term of dole, fliall be one thoufand eight hundred and five, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, there fhall be aftefied, raifed, levied, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his hei. s and fuccefl'ors, upon all horfes, mares, and geldings, mentioned or deferibed in the fchedule to this a<£t annexed, the feveral yearly duties refpec-tively therein fet forth; which fchedule, and the rules therein contained, (hall be deemed and conftrued a part of this aft, as , if the fame were incorporated therewith.
                 . • ?£. \rfnd whereas the faid feveral additional , and the feveral . •. V4*<A; at and immediately before the pajfwg of this , by virtue •  ''\€f qn. aft puffedin the forty-third year of the reign of bis prefent
                                           ,-‘Jlfajefyy intituled,An aft for repealing the feveral duties under 'fv '• \Vjtte‘management of the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes,
        * V*. ••* and-•granting new duties in lieu threeof; for granting new **..*. ‘‘-{Tiffin in certain cafes therein mentioned; for repealing the V. TV."duties of excife on licences, and on carriages conftrufted by ’• * coachmakcrs, and granting new duties thereon, under the management of the faid commiflioners for the affairs of taxes; and alfo new duties on peifons felling carriages by auction or on eommiflion, and contained in the fchedule to this aft                   ,
                        marked(E.), might be .mote conveniently coliefted if the fame were refpeftively confolidated and charged in one fum to the amount fpecificd The duties in the fchedule to this aft ann; be it further enabled, That the granted by re- feveral duties on horfes, mares, and geldings, charged by the aft: horths Aian" before mentioned, and the additional duties granted by this aft, be confoli- as the fame are refpeftively fet forth and deferibed in the dated with fchedule to this aft annexed, marked (E.)v fliall be refpeftively the duties confolidated, and fliall be aflefled and charged together, as the liereby grant- (ai£le are refpe&ively infeited, deferibed, and fet forth in the faid e *          fchedule.
    Duties fhall III. And be it further enafted, That the faid confolidated duties be levied un- fliall be afTefled, raifed, levied, paid, and accounted for under the der the regu- regulations of two afts pallid in the forty-third year of the reign
                                                                                                                    . of
  
  1S05.] Anno regni quadragefimoquihto Georgii Ilf. c. 13.              595
  of his prefent Majefty, the one thereof intituled.           lotions of 43
    confolidating urtain of the provifms contained in any a£l or aits relating to the duties under the management of the                    for
  the affairs of taxes, and for amending the fame ; and the other thereof intituled. An aft for repealing the Jtveral duties under the management of the           commijjioncrs for the affairs of and grant-
  ing new duties in lieu thereof; for granting new duties in certain cafes therein mentioned; for repealing the duties of excife on          ,
  and on carriages                conjlrufted by          coachmakers, and granting new duties
    thereon, wider the management of the faid commijftoners for the affairs
  of taxes ; and affo new duties on perfons felling carriages by or on commiffion ; and this aft (hall be conftrued in luch manner and to the like effeft in all refpefts, as if the fame was incorporated in the faid laft-mentioned aft; and that, from the periods herein-before preferibed for the commencement of the laid additional duties, the fchedule to this aft annexed, and the rules therein contained, (hall feverally be ufed, praftifed, and put in execution, in lieu of the fchedule contained in the faid laft-mentioned aft, marked (E.), which laft-mentioned fchedule and rules (hall from thenceforth feverally eeafe and determine.
    IV.     And be it further enafted, That all the monies ariftng by Dutivftullbe the duties hereby impofed (the neceflary charges of raifing ^nd Pa,dint° the accounting for the fame excepted) (hall from time to time be paid cxc icciucr* into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Wefminfer^ and
  (hall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund of
  Great Britain.                ,                                           /
    V.      Provided always, and be it further enafted, Tha.tf'thje Account of commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or for the.jtirrec'fhe being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high-trwftfrer.j?
  for the time being, (hall, for the period of ten years .from’.t/ie-.-r •    •
  commencement of this aft, caufe feparate and diftinft" apcjfjmtyV /.***-
  of the duties payable by the aft of the forty-third year oL'lrn.:
  prefent Majefty’s reign before mentioned, and of the additional*-.
  duties granted by this aft, to be prepared at the office for taxes, ' :
  to be annually laid before parliament, purfuant to an aft pafted
  in the forty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty,
  intituled. An aft for   direfting certain pu accounts  to be laid
  annually before parliament, and for difeontinuing certain other forms
  of account now Jn u)e\ and the monies arifing from the faid
  additional duties (hall be deemed a permanent increafe to the
  publick revenue of Great Britain, for the purpofe of defraying
  any increafed charge occafioned by any loan made or (lock
  created by authority of any aft of parliament pafted or to be
 pafted in the prefent feftion of parliament.
q^q. a
SCHEDULE
Go gl
e
             Original from i* NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
                   596 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 13. [1803.'
                   SCHEDULE to which this A£t refers.
                             SCHEDULE (E.)
                        No. it                ,
              A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable for all HORSES, MARES, and GELDINGS, in the Cafes herein-after mentioned.
0 - *                                    Duties payable    AdditionalDutic.    Total to be     
NUMBER of HORSES, MARES, or GELDINGS.    by 43 Geo. *.     granted by this    charged in One   
                                         Cap. 161. for           Act.              Sam.        
                                         each Horfe, 6cc                                       
                                         £  S.      d.     £ s.       d.      £ s.      d.     
For 1 fuch Horfe, Mare, or Gelding     - 2  0       0      0 8        0       2 8       0      
2 fuch Horfes, Mares, or Geldings      - 3  6       0      0 14       0       4 0       0      
3 - -                       m •        - 3  12      0      0 16       0       4 8       0      
* . » *               -                - 3  IS      0        16               4 11             
4 -                                                        0          0                 0      
C • i. • *                                                                                     
- M % « f* .1 *             m •        - 3  16      0      0 16       0       4 12      0      
..6-.: *>' ..;\-      -                - 4  0       0      0 16       0       4 16      0      
. •. 3 r /. \y \ .    -                - 4  1       0      0 *7       0       4 18      0      
• 8 •. y-.v \..T \    -                - 4  1       0      0 17       0       4 18      0      
*9 V*. *• v-V*        -                m 4  1       6      0 18.      6       5 0       0      
_ v * •• • • »•       -                • 4  2       0      I 3        0       5 5              
icf *                                                                                   0      
it;.                  %                - 4  2       0      I 3        0       5 5       0      
12    • - ,           -                - 4  2       0      I 3        0       5 5       0      
13                    -                - 4  2       6      I 3        0       5 5       6      
14 *                  -                - ‘4 2       6      I 3        0       5 5       6      
15 7                  -                - 4  2       6      I 3        0       5 5       6      
                      -                - 4  2       6      I 3        0       5 5       6      
*7                    -                - 4  3       0      I 3        0       5 6       c      
18 - -                      m> m       m 4  3       6      I 3        0       5 6       6      
19 -                  -                - 4  4       0      f 3        0       5 7       0      
20 and upwards              • •        m 4  5       0      I 3        0       5 8       0      
                  Cafe I.—For every horfe, mare, or gelding, kept for the purpofe of riding or of drawing any carriage chargeable with duty according to the fchedule marked (D.) No. 1, 2, 3, and 4, annexed to the faid a£t, intituled,        repealing the feveral
                duties under the management of the for the affairs of taxes, and granting new duties in lieu thereof; for granting new duties in certain cafes therein mentioned 3 for repealing the duties
                                                            
 NEW YpRK PUBl
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 13
 of    excijie on licences, and on carriages     coachmakers,  and
 granting new duties thereon, under the management of the faid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes; and alfo new duties on perfons felling carriages by aultion or on commtffion.
    Cafe II.—For every horfe, mare, or gelding, hired for a year or any longer period of time, and ufed for any purpofe aforefaid.
    The faid consolidated duties to be charged annually for each horfe, mare, or gelding, before described, on the perfon or perfons who ihall have ufed the fame, except where other duties are hereby impofed on fuch horfes, mares,' or geldings, or the fame are herein-after exempted from the faid duties.
                                               Schedule (E.)
                                                   >Jo. 2.
                                A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable on Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, in the Cafes herein-after mentioned.
Duties payable by 43 Additional Duty granted Total to be charged 
 Geo. 3. Cap. 161.        by this Aft.           in one Sum.     
     jC* *• d.              £. s. d.                    £. S. d. 
       2 0 0                   080                           280 
    Cafe I.—For every horfe, mare, or gelding, let to hire for any of the purpofes above mentioned, for any period of time lefs than one year in any manner, fo that the ftamp-office-duty payable by law on horfes let to hire Ihall not be chargeable on fuch letting.
    To be charged annually on the perfon or perfons letting the fame.
    Provided always, if a due return thereof fhall not be made by the hirer or hirers according to the faid a& of the forty-third year of his prefent Majcfty’s reign, then the progreffive duty, as fet forth in this Schedule No 1, (hall be chargeable on the perfon or perfons who fhall have hired the fame, together with any other horfes, mares, or geldings, that tnay have been ufed by fuch perfon or perfons.
    Cafe II.—For every horfe, mare, or gelding, bond fide kept for the purpofe of racing or running (or any plate, prize, or fum of money or other thing, or kept in training for any ot the faid purpofes, whether in the (tables of the proprietor or proprietors or of any other perfon or perfons.
    The faid duty in the cafe laft mentioned to be charged
                                                         annually
• 597
 1
Co gle
                                                             Original from ^
  NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
                                            598 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii IIT. c. 13. [1805.
               annually on the proprietor or proprietors or on the perfon or perfons having the cuftody, care, or management of fuch horfes, mares, or geldings.
                Exemptions to the duties contained in the foregoing fchedule.
                  Cafe I.—The King’s majefty, or any of the royal family.
                  Cafe II.—Any poll matter, innkeeper, or other perfon licenced for that purpofe by the commiflioners appointed to manage the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, or paper, in » refpedt of any herfe, mare, or gelding let to hire by him or her in fuch manner that the ftamp-office-duty payable on horfes let to hire (hall be duly anfwcred and paid on each letting, and which fhall not on any occafion have been ufed by him or her for any other purpofe.
                  Cafe III.—Any perfon duly licenfed to keep any carriage whatever to be employed as a publick ftage coach or carriage for the purpofe of conveying paftengers for hire from different places in Great Britain, in relpedl of any horfc, mare, or gelding which is or fhall be actually and folely ufed and em-•      ployed  by fuch perfon in drawing fuch ftage coach or carriage
               from place to place for hire.
                  Cafe IV.—Any perfon licenfed by the commiflioners for hackney coaches within the cities of London and lVeJlminJlery and the fuburbs thereof, to keep any hackney coach or coaches, lhall be exempted for all horfes, mares, or geldings, kept for the purpofe of drawing fuch coach from the duties contained in this fchedule.
                  Cafe V.—Any dealer in horfes afTefled to the duties charged by the faid aift of the forty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for any horfe, mare, or gelding, belonging to fuch dealer, and kept bond fide for fale, and not kept or ufed for any other purpofe or in any other manner.
                  Cafe VI.—Any perfon who on account of poverty fhall be difeharged from the afleflment made on his or her dwelling-. houfe in purfuance of the faid laft-mentioned acl, provided fuch perfon fhall not have kept more than one fuch horfe, mare, or gelding, and the fame fhall not have been let to hire.
                  Cafe VII.—Any re&or, vicar, or curate, adlually doing duty in the church or chapel of which he is. redfor, vicar, or curate, and being the regular officiating minifter of the parifh or place in which fuch duty fhall be performed, who fhall not be poflefled of an income of fixty pounds             or upwards,
               whether arifing from eccleftaftical preferment or otherwife, and who lhall keep one horfe, and no more, either for the purpofe of riding or drawing a taxed cart.
                  Cafe VIII.—Any effective officer commanding a volunteer corps claiming and returning his exemption for fuch number of horfes, mares, or geldings, as he fhall have been required to keep for his Majefty’s fervice in fuch corps, and no more, in the manner required by the laft-mentioned adf.
                                                         Cafe IX.—Any field officer not being commandant, and any adjutant of any volunteer corps, and any perfon ferving in any
                                      '                                 corps
                                                                                                 N
 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 14.            599
 corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry, or providing a horfe, mare, or gelding, for any other perfon ferving in any fuch corps, who fhall be returned in the manner required by law aseffetftive and as having ufed any horfe, mare, or gelding, for fuch fervice on the feveral days of mufter and exercife of fuch corps : provided in every fuch laft-mentioned cafe the exemption (hall be claimed and returned in the manner required by the faid laft-mentioned a<ft, and a certificate fhall be delivered of fuch effective fervice in the manner required by the eleventh feCtion of an a£t pafled in the forty-fourth of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to confolidate and amend the cf the feveral afts relating to corps of yeomanry and volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further regulations relating thereto.
   Cafe X.—Any non-commiffioned officer or private of any of the regiments of cavalry or in the artillery, for any horfe ufed in his Majefty’s fervice.
                       CAP. XIV.
 An aft for granting additional duties on fait in Great Britain.—>
                     [March 18, 1805.]
     Moft gracious Sovereign,
 WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeCts, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament aflembled, towards raifing the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral additional rates and duties of excife herein-after mentioned ; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majeftv that it may be enabled; and be it enaCled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That there fhall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, the feveral rates and duties of excife herein-after refpectively mentioned; (that is to fay).
   For and upon every bufhel of (lilt, which, on or after the Additional twenty-fecond day of February one thoufand eight hundred and duties on fait, five, fhall have been or fhall be imported from beyond the leas into       Great Britain,(not being Irijhfait imported directly from
 Ireland), an additional duty of fix (hillings and eight-pence :
   For and upon every bufhel of Irijh fait or Irijh rock fait, or Irijh Glauber or Irijh Epfom fait, which, on or after the twenty-fecond day of February one thoufand eight hundred and five, fhall have been or fhall be imported into Great  , an
 additional duty of five fhillings:
   For and upon every bufhel of fait or rock flit that fhall be
                                                         or
Go gle
                                                               Original from
 NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
   600 Anno regniquadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 14. [1805.
               or that (hail have been made at any fait work, or raifed or taken out of any fait mine or fait pit in      , and which,
               on or after the twenty-fecond day of February one thoufand eight hundred and five, (hall have been or (hall be weighed, taken, or delivered for home confumption, an additional duty of five (hillings:
                 For and upon every bulhel of fait or rock fait that (hall be or that (hall have been made at any fait work, or raifed or taken out of any fait mine or salt pit in Scotland, and which, .          on or after the twenty-lecond day of February one thoufand
               eight hundred and five, (hall have been or (hall be weighed, taken, or delivered for home confumption, an additional duty of two (hillings:
                 For and upon every bu(hel of all fait known or called by the name of Glauber fait or Epfom which, on or after the twenty-fecond day of February one thoufand eight hundred and five, (hall have been or (hall be made or produced in Great Britain, an additional duty of five (hillings :
                 For and upon every ton of mineral alkali or flux for glass, which, on or after the twenty-fecond day of February one thoufand ei;ihr hundred and five, (hall have been or (hall be made in Great Britain, an additional duty of ten (hillings.
   Drawbackson II. And be it further ena&ed. That the following drawbacks wt*         fhall be allowed and paid in refpeil of the duties by this a&
               granted j (that is to fay).
                 For and upon every bulhel of fait made in England, (rock fait excepted), for which all the duties by this a& granted (hall have been paid, or fecured to be paid, and which (hall be duly exported from thence to parts beyond the feas, a drawback of five (hillings:
                 For every bulhel of fait called or known by the name of v           Glauber fait or Epfom fait made or produced in Great       ,
               for which all the duties by this a£l granted (hall have been paid or fecured to be paid, and which (hall be duly exported from thence to parts beyond the feas, a drawback of five (hillings :i For and upon every bulhel of fait made in Scotland, (rock fait excepted), for which all the duties by this adt granted thereon (hall have been paid or fecured to be paid, and which (hall be duly exported from thence to parts beyond the feas, a drawback of two (hillings.
   ?utlls        IK. And be it further ena&ed. That the fevcral rates, duties,
   b^in addi- ° aRd drawbacks, (hall refpe£fively be raifed and allowed in addition to all tion to all former rates, duties, and drawbacks; and in all former ones, cafes where duties are granted or drawbacks allowed by this and to apply a£i on any fpecjfick quantity of fair, the fame lhall in every cafe to°greater>or^ under(lood and deemed and taken to apply in the fame pro-
   leffquantities portion, and after the fame rate, to any greater or lefs quantity than fpecitick than fuch fpecifick quantity.
   quantities.                                                    IV.   And
NEW YORK PUBLIC
                                                             
 1S05.] Anno regni quadragefimoquinio Georgii III. c. 14.                  601
    IV.  And be it further enaded, That fixty-five pounds weight What weight
 avoirdupois of rock fait (hall be deemed and taken to be a               a
 bufhel of rock lalt, and that of every other kind or fpecies of buft»cl. fair, (not being rock fait), fifty-fix pounds weight avoirdupois
 (hall be deemed and taken to be a bufhcl.
    V.      And be it further enaded, That nothing in this ad con- Duty not to tained (hall extend, or be confirued to extend, to charge with extend to fait any duty by this ad impofed, any foreign or Brilijh fait de- ^ liveredor received for the foie purpofe of being ufed or employed nectary
 in curing or preferving fi(h, provided fuch fait be imported, rules are delivered, and received under, fubjed, and according to the obferved. feveral rules, and regulations, reftridions, and provifions under which foreign or Britijh fait is delivered and received free of duty, for the purpofe of curing or preferving fifti; any thing contained in this ad to the contrary notwithftanding.
    VI.  And be it further enabled. That the feveral duties by Duties t° be
 this ad granted (hall be paid by fuch perfons, and in fuch              },
 manner, and at fuch times, and under and fubjed to fuch rules, thcafts y regulations, and provifions, as are contained in the feveral ads relating to of parliament now in force relating to duties on fait.           duties on fait.
    VII. And be it further enaded, That fuch of the duties by Duties to be this ad granted as (hall arife in that part of Great Britain called   g^ent
   England, (hall be under the management of the commifiioners Gf th*com-of excite in England for the time being; and fuch thereof as (hall miflioners of arife in that part of Great Britain called      , (hall be under excife in
 the management of the commifiioners of excife in Scotland for jand the time being.                                                  refpedively.
    VIII.  And whereas contrails and agreements may have been made
 before the          twentyfecond day of February one thoufand eight hundred
 and     five, by makers of or dealers in fait, for fait to be delivered
 the [aid twenty-fecond day of February one thoufand eight hundred andfive\ be it therefore enaded, 'f'hat fuch makers of or dealers ^niC0£*ra”8 in fait refpedively delivering fuch fait after the faid twenty- Feb. *a, 1805. fecond day of February one thoufand eight hundred and five, for fait deli-in purfuance of any fuch contrads or agreements, lhall be vered after-allowed to add fo much money as will be equivalent to the duties by this ad granted in refped of fuch fait to the price duty may be thereof, and (hall be entitled by virtue of this ad to be paid for added to the the fame accordingly.                                            price.
    IX.    And whereas great frauds are committed by the fmuggling tf/’No (alt (hall
 fait from Ireland into Great Britain ; for remedy whereof be it iniPc’rted further enaded. That no fait (hall be imported from Ireland into jnto'Great" Great Britain in any (hip or vefiel of lefs burthen than one Britain in hundred tons, on pain of forfeiture of all fuch fait, and of fuch veffels of If fa (hip or vefiel, together with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, burthen than tackle, and apparel, which may 2nd (hall be feized by any penalty of°U officer or officers of the cufioms or excife.                    forfeiture,
    X.      And be it further enaded. That before any fait (hall be with the (hipped from any port or place in Irela, cither to be carried vc"e,» *c* coaftwife or for exportation to Great Britain or any other
 county, or for the ufc of the fifhcrics, or as fiorcs for the ufe ^ inland
                                                                of to he carried
e
 BRARY

   602 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 14. [1805.
   coaftwife, of the mariners, or for any other purpofe or on any other exported, for account whatfoever, the mafter or other perfon having the fitheries? or 6 charge or command of the (hip or veflel in or on board of as (tores, See. which any fuch fait is intended to be (hipped, (hall give notice in writing to the proper officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms of the port or place in Ireland at which any fuch fait is or may be intended to be (hipped, at lead twelve hours before the (hipping thereof, and (hall fpecify in every fuch notice the name of the (hip or veflel, and alfo of the owner and mafter thereof re-fpc&ively, and the exadt quantity of fait intended to be (hipped, put, taken, or laden on board, and the port or place to or for which fuch fait is intended to be carried or exported, or the particular ufe or purpofe (if not intended as merchandize), to which the fame is intended to be applied; and fuch mafter or other perfon having the charge or command of fuch (hip or veftel, together with at lead one other perfon, (hall give good and fufficient fecurity by bond in the penalty of twenty (hillings for every bu(hel of fait (hipped, put, taken, or laden on board, (which fecurity (hall be firft approved of by the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in                    ,  or fuch other perfon or
                perfons as they (hall appoint or employ for that purpofe; and which bond or fecurity any perfon or perfons fo appointed or employed, is hereby authorifed and empowered to take in his Majefty’s name), that the faid fait, and every part thereof, if to be carried coaftwife, or if intended for-exportation as merchandize, (hall (the danger of the fcas and enemies excepted) be duly landed at the port or place fpecified in fuch notice as aforefaid, and if not (hipped as merchandize, that it (hall be duly applied to and for the purpofes exprefled in fuch notice; and that if (hipped for exportation to any port or place in Great Britain, the duties chargeable on the importation of fuch fait into Great Britain, (hall be duly and truly paid at fuch port or place refpe<ftively.
   Officersofthe XI. And be it further enadfed, That the proper officer of his cultoms (hall Majefty’s cuftoms (hall furnilh the mafter or other perfon ters of veffels having charge of any (hip or veflel in or on board of which (hipping fait  any fait (hall be (hipped in         , with a certificate fpecifying
   the name of the mafter and owner of fuch Ihip, the quantity of
   fait (hipped, put, taken or laden on board, the name of the port or place to which the fame is intended to be exported, or (if not intended as merchandize) the particular purpofe for . which the fame was (hipped or laden on board, the day when the officer of and place where (hipped, and       the  date of the bond or fecurity
the port, See. enterc(j jmo . an(f fuch officer (hall alfo, within three days after
the failing of any ihip or veflel with lalt on board, tranfmit by the port to the proper officer of the port in      ,or to the
commiflioners of excife in England or               , as the cafe may
require, an exaeft duplicate of fuch certificate as aforefaid ; and if any perfon (hall carry or put on board any (hip or veflel in any port, harbour, creek, or other place in         , any fair.
 in Ireland with certain certificates, and (hall tranfmit duplicates to
 Penalty for putting on board any veflel in
Ireland more exceeding in the whole quantity the proportion of two pounds
                                                                   weight
                                                             
UBt
    1805.] Annoregniquadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 14.                603
    weight for each Teaman, or other perfon employed in fuch (hip, than a certain without giving fuch notice, and entering into fuch bond or          of
    fecurity as aforefaid, every perfon fb offending (hall forfeit one ,neV°without hundred pounds, together with all the fait fo (hipped or put on due notice, board contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a£l, which and entering fait (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of cuftomsint0 bond, or excife.
      XII.     And be it further enafted. That if any officer of thcPenaltyon cuftoms whofe duty it may be to receive the notices, or to* take the bond or fecurity, or to furnifh or give the certificate, negledt of or tranfmit the duplicate thereof by this a# required for or in duty, refpetft of fait (hipped, put, taken, or laden, on board any (hip
    or veflel in Ireland, lhall connive at any fraud or evafion of
    the rules, regulations, or directions by this a<ft provided, or lhall knowingly or wilfully negledl or omit his duty, .or any part thereof, as by this aft is required, every fuch officer lhall forfeit five hundred pounds, and be rendered incapable of ever after ferving his Majefty in any capacity whatsoever.
      XIII.     And be it further enaCted, That if the mafter, or other Penalty on perfon having the charge or command of any (hip or veflel with ™ffclYvrith fait (hipped, put, taken, or laden, on board at any port or j*ajt thipped place in Ireland, and exceeding in the whole quantity the pro-in Ireland, and portion of two pounds weight for each feaman or marine, (hall exceeding the not produce to any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, aPowedVor the certificate required by this a<5t, or (hall have other fait, or a feamen. not greater or lefs quantity of fait than lhall be mentioned or de-producing the (cribed in fuch cer tificate, and (hall not prove that the quantity neceflary cer-(hall have been leflened or diminilhed by any enemy, or by havi^® other ftrefs of weather, or ftorms at fea, then and in every fuch fa|t> a cafe the fait on board fuch (hip or veflel, together with the (hip greater or
    or veflel having the fame on board, together with her guns, lefs quantity, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, fha!l be forfeited,      ^
    and may and- (hall be feized by any officer or officers of the the'quantity cuftoms or excife: provided always, that nothing in this aid has beeu (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to make leflened by the fubje<ft to forfeiture any fait, or anv (hip or veflel having fait enemy» &c* on board, if fuch (hip or veflel (ball be regularly and ufually fitted out from, Ireland to be employed in filhing, and (hall ve|yei8 regU_ (wind and weather permitting) be proceeding on her voyage, larlyfitted out in a dire<51 courfe, to the part where fuch (hip or veflel (hall be ff°m Ireland deftined for catching fifh, and lhall not be at anchor, or hovering near the coaft of Great     Britain, and (hall not have in if
    or on board the fame more fait than (hall be neceflary for falting proceeding in and preferving fuch quantity of fi(h as may be reafonably ex- a direct perfted to be thereafter taken by the crew of fuch Ihip or veflel, coujie> &c. on or during the particular trip or voyage in which fuch (hip or veflel (hall be then engaged or employed.                    pjo rock fait
      XIV.   And be it further enabled, That no rock fait fliall he fhallberefined
    refined, or made into white fait, at any place in Great      in Great
    exceeding the diftance of ten miles from the fait mine or fait ^cr" pit, from which the rock fait intended to be refined fliall be tajn diftanch
                                     *                     railed from the pit.
Go gle
                                                                                                                                  Origiral frorr
                                                                                                                         NEW YORK PUBLIC
rBRARY
I
 as former duties, See.
    604 Anno regni quadragefimo quintoGEORGU II. c. 14. [1805.
                 raifed or taken, Cave and except at fuch works as (hall have been duly entered for refining rock fait, and making the fame into white fait, within one year previous to the palling of this ad, any thing in any ad or ads of parliament to the contrary ,         in any  wife notwithftanding.
    drawbacks XV. And be it further enaded, That the feveral duties by frail be levied this ad granted, and the drawbacks by this ad allowed, (hall and allowed and may be refpedively raifed, levied, colleded, anfwered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and, allowed, in fuch and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general means, ways, or methods by which the former duties and drawbacks of excife upon goods, merchandize, or commodities of the fame fort or kind refpedively, or by any or either of the fpecial means, ways, or methods refpedively by which the former duties and drawbacks of excife refpedively upon goods, merchandize, or commodities of the fame fort or kind refpedively, were or might be railed, levied, colleded, anfwered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allovyed, and the goods, merchandize, or commodities fo by this ad made fubjed to the payment of or chargeable with duties of excife, or on which drawbacks refpedively are by this ad allowed, (hall be and the fame are hereby made fubjed to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reftridions, and forfeitures, to which goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities in general, and alfo all and every the fpecial conditions, rules, regulations, reftridions, and forfeitures, refpedively, to which the like wares, merchandize, and commodities, refpedively, were fubjed and liable by any ad or ads of parliament in force immediately befoie the palling of this ad, refpeding the duties of excife; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatsoever, for any offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any ad or ads of parliament in force immediately before the pafting of this ad, made for (ecuring the revenue of excife, or for the regulation or improvement thereof; and the feveral claufes, powers, and d redions therein contained, (hall and are hereby direded and declared to extend to, and lhall be refpedively applied, pradifed, and put in execution, in relation to the feveral duties and drawbacks hereby charged and allowed; and the goods, merchandize, or commodities, whereon the fame are charged or allowed, and the (hips or veflels having the fame on board in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if all and every the (aid ads, claufes, provifiorvs, powers, diredions, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this ad.
    XVI.                    And be it further enaded. That all the monies arifing by the duties by this ad impofed (the neceflary charges of and carried to raifing and accounting for the fame excepted) (hall from time the confoh- to tjme be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Great Britain IVeJlmlnJler; and the ('aid money fo paid into the (aid receipt of
                                     ,             '                          exchequer
 Duties to be paid into the exchequer
  
    1805.] Annoregnt quadragefirno quinto Georgii III. c. 15,            605
    exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund of Great Britain.
      XVII.     Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That the com- Account of miflioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, .a^‘j|5*ona* or any three or more of them, or the lord high-treafurer for ^yearsto the time being, fhall, for the period of ten years from the com- belaid before mencement of this a&, caufe a feparate and diftinft account of the parliament, additional duties granted by this act to be prepared and annually
    laid before parliament, purfuant to an act palled in the forty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An ail for directing certain publick accounts to be laid annually before parliament, and for dfcontinuing certain other forms of account now in ufe, and the monies arifing from the laid additional duties (hall be deemed a permanent increafe to the publick revenue of Great Britain for the purpofe of defraying any increafed charges occafioned by any loan made or (lock created by authority of any alt of parliament palled or to be palfed in the prefent feilion of parliament.
      XVIII.  And be it further enafted. That this a£t may be Adt maybe
    altered, varied, or repealed by any a£t or atfts to be made in °r.re* this prefent l'eftion of parliament.                         feilion.1 14
                           CAP. XV.
    An ail for granting to his Majejly additional duties in Great Britain, on the amount of affeffments to be charged on the profits arifing from property, profejfions, trades, and offices.—[March 18, 1805.]
          Mod gracious Sovereign,
    WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and                   ,
    in parliament aftembled, towards raifing the necellary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the additional duties herein-after mentioned ; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefly that it may be enabled j and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of April one thoufand P" a freight hundred and five, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, for^nyVear * and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fubfequent to fucceftors, throughout Great Britain, upon every afteftment to April 5,1805, be made for any year fubfequent to the faid fifth day of un^er 43 G. j. one thoufand eight hundred and five, under or by virtue of an (jjaii pVcharc-ail, palled in the forty-third year of the reign of his prefent fd an addi-Majefty, intituled. An ail for granting to his Majejly, until tional duty of fixtb day of May next after the ratification tf a definitive treaty of °(nc || J^ peace, a contribution on the profits arifing from property,                 nt
                                                          trades, and offices, an additional duty after the rate of one fourth charged part of the net amount of the duty chareed by fuch afleftment. thereby.
                                                               II. And
     
 tions as the duty granted by recited ; ad, Sic.
 606 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgn III. c. 16. [1805. The addi- II. And be it further enaded, That the duties hereby granted fhaUbe levied      affdTed, raifcd, levied, and collected under the regula-
 under theVlC l'ons of the fame ads refpedively, as the duty to be charged fame repute- under the faid ad; and the refpedive commifiioners for the purpofes of the laid ad, who Ihall have tnade any aflefiment under the fame, Ihall caufe the amount of the duty hereby granted to be computed and added to the aflelTment of the faid former duty; which computation Ihall be made on the net amount of each afl'eilincnt, after all dedudions, abatements, and allowance?, authorifed by the faid ad, Ihall have been fettled, fubjed neverthelefs to a proportional decreafe of the aflefiment under this ad by certificate, in 'cafe the original afleflments under the laid ad Ihall be liable to any decreafe on occafion of fuch certificate; and all and every the powers, authorities, methods, rules, diredions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters* and things, contained in the faid ad, or in any other ad for regulating the faid duty, or relating to the faid duty, now in force, or which may be pa/led in the prefent feflion of parliament, Ihall be feverally and refpedively duly obferved, pradifed, and put in execution, as fully and effedualiy to all intents and purpofes as if the fame powers, authorities, methods, rules, diredions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated a‘nd re-enaded in the body of this ad ; and all and every the regulations of fuch ad Ihall be applied, conftrued, deemed, and taken to refer to the alfelTments made under this ad, in like manner as if the faid regulations had been fpecially enaded in this ad.
              III. And be it further enaded. That in every cafe where, dediidedfrom Up0n payment of any fum of money by way of rent, annuity, annual pay- or other annuaJ payment, the perfon or perfons paying the fame Ihall be entitled to dedud the duty charged thereon under the faid ad, it Ihall be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons to make a further dedudion of one-fourth part thereof, in refped of the duty granted by this ad.
              •IV. And whereas in the faid recited aft it        that the
            amount of rents belonging to any hofpital or alms-houfe /hall be exempt Profits of yrf-from the duties (barged in fcbedule (A.), he it enaded. That the amount of the rents and profits of mefliiagcs, lands, tenements, or hereditaments veiled in trullees for charitable purpofes only, on proof before the refpedive commifiioners, of the due application of the faid rents and profits to charitable purpofes only^ and in fo far as the fame Ihall be applied to charitable purpofes only, Ihall be in like manner exempt from the duties impofed by this ad.
              V. And be it further enaded, That this ad, or any thing herein contained, may be altered, varied, explained, or repealed by any ad to be palled in this felfion of parliament.
 Duty to be
 ments.
 mifes veiled in trullees for charitable purpofes exempted from duty.
 Ad may be altered or re pealed this feflion.
                                               CAP. XVI.
                          An ad for punilhing mutiny and defertion j and fpr the better payment of the army and their quarters.—[March 18, 1805.]
 Number of forces 135,1*1.
                                                                                                        CAP.
Go gle
 J805.] AnnoregniquadragefiaioquintoGEORGiiIII. c. 17, iS. 607
                                                     CAP. XVII.
                              An aft for the regulation of his Majefty’s royal marine forces, while on ihore.—[March a*, 1805.}
                                                    CAP. XVIII.
                              An c5l for granting to bis Majefiy, until the twenty-fifth day of
   March one thoufand eight hundred and fix, certain rates and and to allow certain drawbacks and bounties upon            ,
   and       merchandize, imported into and exportedfrom Ireland, in lieu
   of former rates and duties, drawbacks, and bounties.—[March 25,
   1805.]                     .
 HERE AS by an ail made in the lafi fejfton of , 44 G. j.c. i<. intituled, An aft for charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, certain rates and duties, and for allowing certain bounties and drawbacks upon goods, wares, and merchandizes, imported into and exported from Ireland\ and alio for charging certain inland duties of excife and taxes in Ireland in lieu of former rates, duties, and taxes, bounties and drawbacks ; and by another alfo made in the lafi fiffion of           parliament, intituled, An aft for charging, until the 44 G. 3. c. 27.
                                                           twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, certain increafed countervailing duties on the importation into Ireland, of the feveral goods, wares, and merchandize therein mentioned, being the growth, produce, or manufafture of Great Britain\and for allowing increafed drawbacks on the exportation to Great Britain of the feveral articles therein mentioned, being the manufafture of Ireland; certain duties on importation
 and     exportation, and certain drawbacks on exportati, and alfo certain
 bounties or allowances on exportation and importation, into andfrom Ireland, of          goods, wares, merchandize, and manufactures, as the
 faid a£is mentioned, were (among other things) granted and allowed for the term by the     faid afts limited and appointed: and whereas the
 duties and drawbacks granted and allowed by the faid two recited upon certain of the goods, wares, and merchandize, in the faid alls mentioned, were altered and increafed by another afi made the faid lafi fiffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting to his Ma- 44 G. 3. c. jefty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, certain duties on the importation of the goods, wares, and merchandize, herein mentioned, into Ireland, and alfo certain duties of excife on fpirits, malt, and tobacco, in Irelandj and for the increafe of certain publick revenues in Ireland, by making the fame payable in Britifh currency; for the term by the fa:d lafi-mentioned a51 limited and appointed: and whereas the duties, drawbacks, bounties, and allowances, now payable under and by virtue of the faid feveral a5ls, will expire and be determined immediately after the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five; and it is expedient that certain duties and certain drawbacks in refpefl thereof, and certain bounties and allowances,
 Jbould be granted and allowed infield of the faid duties, drawbacks,
                                                                                                                  bounties,
                                                        Origiral frem^
 JEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
 After March 2$, 1805. there (h til be paid the duties on im-
 fchedules A and B.
 608 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. [1805.
                    bounties, and allowances^ fo expiring as may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadled by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,' and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, there fhall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid throughout Ireland unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, upon the importation into portation, un- Ireland of goods, wares, and merchandize, as mentioned and fet AandB <B *ort^ *n **le fchedules refpedlively marked A. and B. hereunto On exporta- annexed, and upon the exportation from Ireland of goods, wares, tion under and merchandize, as mentioned and fet forth in the fchedule fchedule C. marked C. hereunto annexed ; and upon certain entries, inwards and fliipsun anc* outwar^s *n the port of      , and upon certain fhips or
 der i'ahedule* vefl~ds trading to Ireland, mentioned and fet forth in the fchedule D.           marked  D. hereunto annexed, the feveral rates and duties, as the
             fame are refpedively deferibed and fet forth in words and figures Drawbacks in in the faid fchedules marked A., B.,C., and D.; and that there Hull be paid and allowed upon the exportation from Ireland of the feveral goods, wares, and merchandize mentioned and fet forth in the fchedules marked A. and B., the feveral drawbacks of the faid duties inferted, fet forth, and deferibed in words and figures in the faid fchedules refpedlively ; and upon the exportation from and importation into Ireland of the goods, wares, and merchandize, deferibed in the fchedule marked E. hereunto annexed, there (hall be paid and allowed the feveral bounties and allowances as the fame are fet forth and deferibgd in words and figures therein mentioned.
                II. And be it further enadled. That the faid feveral rates and duties mentioned and fet forth in the faid feveral fchedules re-fpe£fively marked A., B., and C., (hall be refpedlively paid down fhall be in°lieu nct *n ready money without any difeount or allowance whatfo-of all former ever, in lieu and full fatisfa&ion of all cuftoms, fubfidies, and duties, except duties whatever payable in Ireland under and by virtue of any a<ft local duties. or a(rjs 0f parliamenc in force there, by any perfon, upon the importation or exportation of goods, wares, and merchandize; except fuch duties as have been or fhall or may be granted or impofed for certain local purpofes in                 ,  by any adt or adls
             of parliament, and which duties are or may be appropriated to fuch local purpofes by the ads by which the faid duties are or fhall be granted and impofed, or by any other ad or ads.
 Ad fhall not III. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That nothing compel pro- jn ,j,js a(q contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to SutTcs^on ^ compel the proprietor or proprietors of goods, wares, or mer-landing good8 chandize, to pay the duties upon the landing thereof, in refped may of any goods, wares, and merchandize, in any cafes in which the duties due and payable upon fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, might on and immediately before the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, have been, at the requeft and rifk of the importer or proprietor thereof, fecured in
                                                                                                             warchoufes
 Bounties under fchedule E.
 The faid du ties on im-
 which by law be warehoused
Go gle
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georg 11 III. c. 18.              609
 warehoufes for payment of duties, or by the bond of the importer or proprietor thereof, under the provifions of any aft or afts of parliament in force in Ireland, on and immediately before the (aid
 twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, during the continuance of any fuch aft or afts refpeftively.
   IV.     Provided alfo. That in cafe the importer or proprietor of Duties fhall be any goods, wares, or merchandize, which fhall have been fecured
 in his Majefty’s ftores or warehoufes in      , on or immeai- w'areho- its,
 ately before the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand for which the eight hundred and five, and on which the duties due on the im- duties have^ portation thereof fhall not have been paid, fhall be delirous ^"irri * during the continuance of this aft of taking any fuch goods out ^^1 before of fuch warehoufe for the purpofe of being ufed or confumed in M^rch *5, Ireland\then and in fuch cafe the duties impofed by this aft (hall *805. be payable thereon, notwithftanding fuch goods may have been imported into Ireland, or bonded before the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five: provided alfo, that nothing herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to permit any goods to be delivered from fuch warehoufe for the purpofe of being ufed or confumed in        ,or for any
 other purpofe whatfoever, unlefs fuch goods could have been lawfully fo delivered before the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, nor unlefs the duties for which fuch goods had been detained in fuch warehoufe, fhall have been fully paid and difeharged.
   V.      Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing Saving of afts in this aft contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to un’on?^ repeal or alter any ot the provifions contained in two afts for the VrelancL ° union of Great Britain and Ireland, the one made in the parliament of Great Britain, in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of [39>+oG. 3. the reign of his prefent Majefty, and the other made in the par- . /j\ liament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent c. 38.} ' Majefty, or any other aft or afts in force on and immediately
 before the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, by which any goods, wares, or merchandize, the growih, produce, and manufafture of Great Britain, imported from Great Britain into Ireland, or any goods, wares, or merchandize, the growth, produce, or manufafture of Ireland, exported from Ireland to Great Britain, are refpeftively made to remain liable to or are charged with or exempted from any duties of cuftoms or excilc, whether countervailing or others, or by which any drawbacks or bounties are allowed or given in refpeft of any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize; fave and except as to the countervailing or other duties and drawbacks granted by the faid afts for the union of Great Britain and Ireland, and which are or may be altered by this aft, or have been or may be altered by any other aft or afts made or to be made in purfuance of the provifions in the faid afts of union for that purpofe.
   VI.     And whereas it is expedient, purfuant to the provifions of the faid alls for the union of Great Britain and Ireland, that in
 of the increased duties impofed on articles of the growth, produce, or Vol.XLV.                            Rr              tnanuf&hure
CjO ^ lk.
YORK PUB
UBR
 610 Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii TIT. c. 18. [1805.
                manufacture ay Ireland, or on the materials of which they may be tompofed, increafed countervailing duties Jhould be charged on the goods, wares, and merchandizematters, and things mentioned, defcribed, and Jet forth in the fihedule hereunto annexed, marked F. being the growth, produce,or of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, fufficient to countervail the faid Countervail^0           increafed duties in Ireland ; be it therefore further enacted, That,
 ing duties * ^rom ail<I aher the paflirig of this a&, there {hall be charged on afcertained by the goods, wares, and merchandize, articles, matters, and things thia.or any mentioned, fet forth, and defcribed in the fchedule marked K, anc^oFafts" ^cvera^ countervailing duties- therein in figures refpe£tively of union. inferred, defcribed, and fet forth, in lieu and full fatisfa&ion of Countervail- countervailing duties whatever, payable on fuch goods, wares, ing duties on and merchandize, articles, matters, and things, under or by Britiih goods virtue of any adt or adfcs of parliament in force in Ireland at the
 Irekncfin 'heu t*ine Paff,ng this act ; and that upon the exportation of of former ' eU any article of like denomination, being of the growth, produdl, countervailing or manufacture of Ireland, to Great Britain, there lhall be allowed duties; (fee and given a drawback, equal in amount to the countervailing lcbedule F.) juty on tfjC like article in the faid fchedule, in lieu and full fatis-fadtion of all drawbacks now allowed by law on the fame.
                   VII.                     And whereas it was, in and by the fixth article of the union of Great Britain and Ireland, among other things, provided and Equivalent declared, that fait and hops Jhould pay, on importation into Ireland countervailing from Great Britain, duties not exceeding thofe which were then paid drawbacks on ## importation into Ireland: and whereas it is expedient to grant Great Britain.           certain duties on the importation into Ireland offuch fait and ,
 Duties on        ^ltU °ffut^ duties as       may be payable on the fame under and by virtue
 fait and hops °f any ^ parliament                   Ireland, made previous to the faid alls
 (according to of union, or any other all or alls in force immediately before the pajfrng provifions df of this ail; be it therefore enadted, Thar, from and after the union adts)   twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five.
 Great Britain! there {hall be raifed, levied, colledted, and paid, unto his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceflfors, upon the importation into Ireland from Great Britain of fait and hops, being of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, the feveral and refpedtive duties following; that is to fay.
                 For and upon every buftiel of white fait, weighing fifty-fix pounds, the fum of two {hillings, currency:
                 For and upon every ton of rock fait, containing forty bufhels, each bufiiel weighing lixty-five pounds, the fum of three pounds, Irijb currency:
                 For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of hops-, the fum of one penny farthing, Irifo currency:
              And that there {hall be paid and allowed on the exportation of fuch hops from Ireland a drawback of all the duties actually paid thereon.
                 VIII.    And whereas it was, in and by the faid fixth article of the union of Great Britain and Ireland, among other things, provided *                                                             and

 11805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. 611
                                                                  and declared, that coals on importation into Ireland from Great Britain Jhould be fubjcil to burthens not exceeding thofe to which they
 iwere then fubjett: and whereas it is expedient to grant certain duties
     cn the importation into Ireland of fuch coalsin lieu of fuch duties as may be p>iyable on the fame under and by virtue of any ait  the -
 . liament ^ Ireland, made previous to the faid aits of         or any
     other ail or aits in force immediately before the pajffing of this ail; be it therefore enabled, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Duty on coals day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, there (hall (according to be railed, levied, colle&ed, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs j^l°"rted ^tato and fucceflors, upon the importation into Ireland from Great Ireland*from° Britain of coals, being the growth or produce of Great            Great Britain.
 Ifor and upon every ton of fuch coals, the fum of one (hilling and                   *
     nine-pence, Irijh currency; and that there (hall be paid and allowed on the exportation .of fuch coals from Ireland a drawback of all duties affually paid thereon.
        IX.    And be it further enabled. That no cambricks or lawns, Cambricks, nor gold or filver lace, except of the manufa&ure of            ,
     (hall be imported into Ireland under the penalty or forfeiture ofe(j> exCept of all fuch cambricks, lawns, and lace, and treble the value thereof, the manufac-and of the forfeiture of the (hip or veflel in which the fame (hall ture of Great be imported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, ammunition, ^forfeited'1 and apparel.                       ’’                                   L   v *
        X.     And be it further enabled. That fo much of this a£l as continuance relates to the duties impofed upon the importation of goods, of duties upon wares, or merchandize from the United States of America, and American inferred, deferibed, and fet forth ita the fchedule hereunto annexed, 6°°ds-marked B. (hall continue in force during the continuance of an a& paffed in the forty-firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An ail to facilitate the trade and intercourfe between Ire- 41 Geo. j. land and the United States of America, during the continuance of the (U. K ) c. 95. treaty of amity, commerce, and "navigation, between his Majejly and the faid States, and no longer.
        XI.     And ber it further ena£Ied, That in cafes where the ad. 2q. perlb. duties by this aft impofed upon tobacco imported into                 duty on
     (hall be paid, then the fum of two-pence halfpenny for every pound weight thereof, and alfo fo much of the produce of the duty on teas, duties arifing upon teas as (hall amount to the annual fum of (hallbecairied feven thoufand three hundred pounds Irijh currency, (hall be *° account ot from time to time refpeftively carried to the account to be kept verme”^ fC* of his Msjefty’s hereditary revenue, and (hall be deemed part of his Majefty’s faid hereditary revenue.
        XII.    And be it further enaflcd, That in all cafes where the How value of duties by this aft or any of the fchedules hereunto annexed g°°ds paying impofed upon the importation or exportation of goods, wares, <reUI^ 0‘tn and merchandize inkfcor from Ireland, are charged not according portation or to the weight, tale,^fauge, or meafure, but according to the exportation value thereof, fuch value (hall be taken and eftimated at the            alccr-
     aftual price thereof, with the addition of freight and all other Uinc * charges and expences whatfoever, exclufive of the duties paid or payable by law on any fuch goods, wares, and merchandize, or
                                       r r 2   '                    on    ,
                                                                   Originalfrom VORK PUBLIC LIBR

               t
    6iz Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. [1805.
                 on the importation or exportation thereof refpeftively; and that fuch value fhall be afcertained (except as in this aft is provided) by the oath of the importer, exporter, or proprietor of fuch goods, wares, and merchandize, or of his known agent orfaftor, in the manner and form, and under all the rules and regula-tions, and fubjecl to the fame forfeitures and penalties as are or may be prescribed, directed, and impofed for afeertaining and collecting the duties to be paid according to the value thereof, 1         by an aft pafTed in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year
    Vlz-?8 ”.n^er of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An for better of 4o'g 3°nS regulating the                colleilion of bis , and for preventing
    (I.) c. 43.' of frauds therein; and for repealing an ait made in the thirty-ninth
    f. 98, 99. year of the reign of his prefent       ,        , ‘ An ail for
    refpefting ‘ tiuing and          amending feverallaws relating to his Alajejlys ;
    e(Torany0rt* * an<^for *be more effeiluallypreventing the frauds ,’ and the aft to be madefeveral ails and Jlatutes which are mentioned to be continued by this ail, and by any act to be pafTed in this feffion of parliament; and in cafe fuch goods, wares, or merchandize fhall not be valued according to the true and real value thereof, and according to the true intent and meaning of this aft, then it fhall be lawful for the officer or officers of the revenue to caufe the fame to be detained j and the faid goods, wares, or merchandize, fhall be dealt with, and the feveral officers of the revenue fhall proceed in every refpeft in the manner preferibed or to be preferibed by the faid laft recited aft, or by any aft or afts to be pafTed in this feffion of parliament.
    Ascertaining XIII. And be it further enafted. That in all cafes where any goods?mport- S00(^s» wares, and merchandize imported or brought into -ed, paying land, on which the duties are by this aft, or by any of the fche-duty ad valo- dules hereunto annexed impofed, not according to the tale, rem.         gauge,  weight, or meafure, but according to the value thereof,
                 fhall be condemned as prize, fuch value fhall be afcertained by the grofs price at which fuch goods, wares, or merchandize fhall be publickly fold, without any deduftion or abatement whatever ; and fuch goods fhall and may be detained until the duties due thereon fhall have been fully paid and fatisfied.
                    XIV. Andfor the better afeertaining tfe price of ,         of the
                 growth and produce of the Eaft Indies, imported into Ireland from Great Britain, according to which the duties are impofed     ,   and
                 alfo for the afeertaining the value of     ,       , and merchan-
                 dize imported into Ireland zvhiih had been imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants England trading to the Eaft Indies, on which the duties are charged by this not accord-How prices of tn& 10 ^}e weight, gauge, or          , but according to the  value
    teas and va- thereof; be it enafted. That the price of all teas, and the value lue ofEaft of all fuch goods, wares, and merchandize fo imported fhall be bidhj goods, jnferted in the refpeftive cockets, and the price of fuch teas, and fern ffiaU be' va^ue fuch goods, wares, and merchandize, fhall be refpec-afcertained. tively taken at the grofs price at which the fame teas, goods, wares, and merchandize fo imported fhall have been refpeftively bought at the publick fales of the faid company) and the principal
                                                                        accountant
  
    i5o5-] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. 613
    accountant or deputy accountant for'the time being of the faid Eoji India company is hereby required and diredfcd, on demand made by any perfon authorifed by the chief commiffioners of the revenue of Ireland, from time to time to furnilh the faid commiffioners with copies of fuch parts of the faid books as (hall relate to the purchafe and fale of the teas, and other goods, wares, and merchandize fo imported, and which copies being verified by affidavit made before the lord mayor of   ,          for
    the rime being, and being attefted by a notary publlck in the city of London, (hall, without further proof either of the faid affidavit
    or of the faid copies, be admitted as evidence in all fuits commenced or arifing under this alt.
      XV. And be it further enabled, That no duty (hall be paid No duties on the importation of any of the articles fpecified in this a<5(, or bc Pa*d in any of the fchedules thereto, to be duty-free on importation  go^j8
    into Inland; provided that due entry of all fuch goods be made Rated to be in the cuftom-houfe of the port in Ireland where fuch goods (hall duty-free in be imported, exprefling and fetting forth in every fuch entry, the the fchedulesj particular marks and numbers of the packages in which any fuch due entry goods (hall be imported, with the quantities and qualities, and being made, particulars thereof, and in the fame manner and form as entries are legally to be made in Ireland in cafes of importation of goods fubje£t to duty; and that fuch goods (hall be landed at the places and times required by law, and in the prefence of the proper officer, and by him examined and difcharged, otherwife fuch goods (hall be forfeited and may be feized by any officer of the
   XVI. And be it further ena&ed, That, under and fubjedt to Drugs for the provifo herein-after contained, the articles herein-after men- dyers’ufe may tioned and fpecified (hall and may be imported into Ireland with- duty-free,6 out payment of the duties impofed thereon by this adtj that isontheim-
   revenue
    to fry.
    Alum.
    Annotto.
    Antimonium Crudum. Aquafortis.
    Archelia,
    Argol.
    Arfenic.
    Bark.
    Barr Wood.
    Berries of all forts. Reed Canes.
    Cobalt or Zaffire. Cochineal.
    Fuftick.
Iron Liquor.
Ifinglafs.
Juice of Lemons, of Limes,
Sorters giving ond to pay the duty, or prove that
they were fo
  and of Oranges. Lignum Vitae. Logwood.
ufed.
Madder of all forts. Rock Mofs. Nicaragua Wood.
Oil of Vitriol.
Orchal.
Orchelia.
Pomegranate Peels. Red or Guinea Wood. Regulus of any fort.
Green Copperas.
Saccharum Saturni, or Sugar of Lead.
Galls.
Gum Calhew.
Hemlock.
Indigo.
Safflower, Saunders Wood, Red, White, or Yellow.
Shutnac,
614
 \
Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. [i8o^.
 Shumac, or Sumac.
 Soft Soap.
 Tornfal, or Turnfolc. Turmeric.
 Valonia.
 Common Vcrdegris. Weld.
Brazil and Braziletto, or Fer-nambucA Wood.
Cam Wood.
Sweet Wood.
Green Woad.
Tholoufe Wr>ad.
                                And all drugs whatever to be imported into Ireland for the pur-pofe of being actually ufed for .dying within Ireland.
                                            I
                         XVII.   Provided always, and be it ena£ted, That the importer
                      of any of the laid articles herein-before mentioned and fpecificd (hall make due entry thereof at the port of importation, and fhall at the fame time give lecurity by bond to his Majelly, with one or more fufficient furety or fureties, to be approved of by the collector and comptroller of the diftridt in which fuch importer refides, (which bond fuch collector is hereby authorifed to take for his Majefty’s ufe in a fufficient penalty), conditioned for the payment by fuch importer, of the duties by this act impofed upon fuch articles, within eighteen months after the date of fuch bond, together with a fum alter the rate of ten pounds for every one hundred pounds by the year, on the amount of the laid duties, from the time of the entry of fuch article until the time of .the payment of the faid duties, or that fuch importer fhall, within the faid eighteen months, make it apptfat to the fatisfa&ion of the commiffioners of the cuftoms in            that fuch article has
                      been a&ually fold and difpofed of for the ufe of dyers and manufacturers in Ireland, and has been actually ufed and confumed in dying or manufacturing within Ireland.
                         XVIII.   And wherecs the inhabitants of the ijlands of Jerfeyr,
                      Guernfcy, Sark, and Alderney, are by law permitted and allowed to import into Great Britain,                  and merchandize of
                      the                    growth, produce, or man of thefe rejpeftive (other
                      than fait) upon certificates from the refpeflive        ,      lieutenant
                      or deputy governors, or commanders in chief for the time being ; and oaths before the megifiraies of the faid ijlands of Jerfey and Guern-fey rejpetlively, that the fame are of the    ,           and  manu-
                      f allure of the faid ijlands or cither of    , without paying any cufoms,
                               Jubfidies, or duties for and in refpeft thereof: and whereas it is expedient to grant fuch permjfion with rejpefl to the importation of        ,
                      wares, and merchandize of the growth,          , and manujaflure
                      the faid ijlands,into Ireland, as is hercin-ajter mentioned-, be it Goods the therefore ena6ted, That, from and after the palling of this ail, produce of the faid inhabitants fhall and may (with and under fuch certifi-(exce ’t filti cates an(* oaths as aforefaid) import any goods, wares, and mer-may be im- ’ chandize (other than fait), of the growth, produce, and manu-portedaslike failure of the faid iflands or either of them, into any port in goods from Ireland, into which goods of like nature or quality may be law-FseeBr'uHh™' imported, without paying any greater or other duties for ACts, 3 G. i. an<^ ’n refpedt thereof, than fuch duty as is now or (hall hereafter c. +. f. s- 7. for the time being be due and payable for the like gcods if im-*.                                                                               ported
    
   2805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georg11 III c.18.                     615
   ported from Gnat Britain into Ireland j any law or ftatute to the and 5 Geo. t.
   contrary notwithftanding.                                       c*,8- II,I *
      XIX.     Provided* always, and be it further enaCted, That no- Not to ex. thing in this aCt contained lhall exempt or be conftrued to ex- empt foreign enipt any goods or commodities of the growth, produCl, or manufacture of any foreign nation or country, which may be jcrfeyt &c. imported into any of the fai(J illands, or fuch foreign goods or commodities as lhall or may be in part or fully manufactured in
   any of the faid illands by the people thereof, or any fait whatever, imported into Ireland {rom any of the faid illands, from payment of all fuch cultoms, duties, and other impofttions on the importation of the fame, from any of the faid illands into        as
   are or lhall be due and payable for goods and commodities of the like kind imported* into Irelandy from any foreign nation or country, of which the faid goods are the growth, product, or manufacture; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithstanding.
      XX.    Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That fi:h of Fhh ofBritifh
   every kind or fort whatever, of Britijh or taking and curing, caught or taken in any part of the ocean by the crews of a,,y may bV'iin-Ihips or vertels built in Great Britain, Irelandy or the illands of ported duty-Jerfey\    Guernfey, Alderneyy Sark, or Many or in any of the colonies, tree,
   ‘plantations, illands, or territories, which now belong or at the
   time of building fuch'vellels or (hips did belong, or which may hereafter belong to or bedn the poflelfion of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, and wholly belonging to and owned by his Majefty’s fubjeCts, and navigated and regiftered according to law, lhall and may be imported into Irelandy in fhips built, owned, navigated, and regiftered as aforefaid, without payment of any duty whatever; any thing in this aCt or any other aCt or aCts to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.
      XXI.     Provided always. That before fuch filh lhall be admit- Matter fhall ted to‘entry, the mailer or other perfon having or taking the oath charge or command of the Ihip or veflel in which fuch filh lhall fiJj^aTfo be imported, lhall make oath before the collector or comptroller taken and of the revenue, at the port of importation, (who is hereby au- cured, thorifed and required to adminilter luch oath), that fuch filh
   was adually caught, taken, and cured, wholly by his Majefty’s fubjeCts.
      XXII.   And be it further enaCted, That whale fins, oil, or Regulations
   blubber of whales, feal oil, or feal (kins, or any other produce of under which filh or feals, or other creatures, taken or caught in any part of {feature*0 the ocean, by fubjeCts of his Majefty, ufually reftding in Great tafcen many Britain or Irelandy or the illands of G, Jerjey^ part of the Sariy or AIany in fhips or veflels built in any part of the United ocean by
   Kingdom or the faid illands, owned, regiftered, and navigated {^n^^on according to law, (hall and may, from and after the parting of payment of this aCt, be admitted to entry on payment of the duty by this aCt duty, as of impofed on fuch articles of Britijh filhing or catching, provided Britilh fifl»ir»gj that proof be made that the faid articles were actually caught and ^ir'bein °lo taken by the crew of the vert'd in which they are imported, by taken, anf
                                                                the producingthe
           Co gle
LI
   616 Anno regni quadragefitno quinto Georgii III. c. 18. [1805.
   log-hook of the oath of the mafter of fuch veflel, that the fame were bond fide the (hip, &c. fQ caught and taken: and provided always, that a log-book (nail be conftantly kept on board fuch (hip or veflTel, in which logbook the various (ituations and occurrences refpe<3ing fuch (hip or veflel, during the whole courfe of the voyage, (hall be inferted every day, and particularly the times when fuch (hip or veflel (hall have been in fight of land, diftinguifliing what land and the bearings thereof, and the fuppofed diftances therefrom, and the foundings, and alfo the time when and the latitude in which any whale or other creature living in the fea (hall have been killed, taken, or caught, by the crew of fuch (hip or veflel; which logbook fo to be kept as aforefaid, (hall be delivered by the mailer or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, at the time of his making a report of fuch (hip or veflel, to the collector or comptroller at the port in Ireland where fuch (hip or veflel (hall arrive, for his infpedlion and examination; and the faid mailer or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, together with the mate thereof, (hall jointly and feverally verify on oath the contents of fuch log-book before fuch collector or comptroller, who is hereby authorifed and required to adminifler the fame.
                 XXIII.      And whereas it is expedient that oil or blubber of fifty, or creatures living in the fea, actually caught and taken on the banks and Jhores of the ijland ^/Newfoundland and parts       , wholly by his
               Mijefly's fubjefls, carrying on the faidfi/hery from the faid , and
               refiding therein, Jhould be admitted to entry on payment of the like duty as if caught and taken wholly by his         carrying  on the
               faid fijhery from his Majejly's European   , andufually refiding
   Oil or blubber in the faid   dominions; be it therefore enabled. That, from and
   of filh caught after the pafling of this acf, all fuch oil or blubber (hall be ad-fub mittecl to entry, on payment of the duty by this a£t impofed on jefts* reading train 011 or blubber of Newfoundland of Brilijh fifhing, notwith-there, may be (landing fuch oil or blubber of fi(h, or creatures living in the fea, entered on (hall have been caught and taken by his Majefty’s fisbje&s car-? dm^as’on rying on the faid filhery from and refiding in the faid ifland: articles of provided always, that before any fuch oil or blubber (hall he ad-
   Newfound-       mitted to entry as aforefaid, the mafter or other perfon having
   land of Britilh or taking the charge or command of the (hip or veflel in which tr^condi0^" any         or blubber (hall be imported, (hall produce and de-
   tions. " liver t0 t(le collector or comptroller, at the port in Ireland into which fuch oil or blubber (hall be imported, a certificate under the hand and feal of the naval officer in                     , or if there
               (hall not be any naval officer, then under the hand and feal of the commander of any of his Majefty’s (hips ftationed there, teftify-. ing that oath has been made before him (who is hereby authorifed and required in fuch cafe to adminifler the fame) by the perfon or perfons who a&ually caught the filh, or creatures living in the fea, from which the oil or blubber mentioned in fuch certifi-* cate was produced, that fuch oil or blubber was really and fide the oil or blubber of filh or creatures living in i he fea, aiftually V caught and taken on the banks and (hores of the ifland of Newfoundland
  I
  
I
    1S05.] Anno regni quadrageifimo qninto Grorgii III. c. 18. 617
    fcutidland and parts adjacent, wholly by his Majefty’s fubjefts carrying on fuch fifhery from the laid ifland and redding therein; and provided fuch matter or other perfon having or talcing the charge or command of the fhip or veflel, fo importing fuch oil or blubber, (hall alfo make oath before fuch collettor or comptroller,
    (who is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the fame), that the oil or blubber fo imported are the fame oil or blubber mentioned and referred to in the faid certificate.
       XXIV.   Provided always, and be it enabled. That it {hall and
    may be lawful for the importer, proprietor, or confignee of any Newfoun<£.m fifh oil or blubber, feal (kins, or other produce of the    land may be
        foundland Fifhery imported into Ireland, directly from the ifland bonded,
    of        Newfoundland, to warehoufe the fame in , and to give
    bond to his Majefiy, his heirs and fucceflors, with one fufiicient furety in the penalty of treble the amount of the duty on fuch fifh oil, or other produce as aforefaid, with condition that fuch fifh oil, or other produce of the faid fifhery, (hall be duly exported from Ireland, within twelve calendar months from the date of fuch bond, or that the duties by this aft impoled on the importation thereof (hall be paid on the fame being taken out of the warehoufe for home confumption, or within fuch twelve calendar months, which bond {ball be taken by the colleftor or comptroller of the revenue at the port of importation, who is hereby authorifed and required to take fuch bond.
       XXV.      An* be it further enafted, That the drawbacks granted, How draw-allowed, and made payable under and by virtue of the faid recited backs and aft made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An a£lfor charg- be paid^under
        ingyuntil the twenty-fifth day of March one eight hundred and 44 G. 3. c. a6.
    fivey certain rates and duties, and for allowing certain bounties and and this aft. drawbacks upon goods, wares, and merchandiz, imported into and exported from Ireland; and alfo for charging certain inland duties of excife and taxes in Ireland in lieu of former     , and taxes-,
    bounties and drawbacks, (hall remain and continue payable with , refpeft to fuch goods, wares, and merchandizes, which (hall have been imported into Ireland before the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, and which (hall have paid the duties itnpofed by the faid laft-recited aft, and no more, and which (hall, after the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, be exported from         ; and that all
    drawbacks allowed or made payable upon the exportation from Ireland of any goods, wares, or merchandize, articles, matters, or things whatfoever, which (hall have been or {hall be imported into Ireland\and all bounties and allowances whatfoever, (hall,
    without any fee or deduction, be paid by the feveral colleftors at the refpeftive ports of exportation within one calendar month after the fame fhall be lawfully demanded, out of any money arifing out of any duties by them collefted : provided always, that No drawbacks no drawback or allowance whatfoever (hall be paid or allowed, unlefs goods unlefs the goods, wares, or merchandize, on which the fame (hall ^thi*n*thice be claimed, be exported within three years from the importation ycar8> thereof, the faid three years to be reckoned from the day on

which
                                          Co

9
                                             6x3 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. [1805.
                 which entry Ihall have been made of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, nor unlcfs due proof be made to the fatisfadion of the commiflioners of the cuftoms of the entry of fuch goods, and of the payment of the duties in refpe&of which fuch drawbacks (hall be refpedively claimed; and that no drawback, bounty, or . allowance whatfoever, ihall be paid on any goods, wares, or merchandize, articles, matters, or things, exported from Ireland, unlcfs all requifites (hall have been performed, which by any law now in force, or at any time hereafter to be in force in Ireland, or by any regulations made or to be made by the chief commiflioners of cuftoms. in          , and approved of by the
                 commiflioners for executing the officetof lord high treafurer in Ireland, are or at any time fhall be required to be performed for obtaining fuch drawback, bounty, or allowance refpedively, nor and draw- fhall any drawback, bounty, or allowance be paid, unlefs the backs claimed proofs neceflarv for obtaining the fame be made, and the draw-withintwo back, bounty, or allowance, be claimed within two years from years after. the tjme 0f (hipping the goods for exportation.
Ho drawback XXVI. And be it further enaded, That no drawback or bounty Ihall be allowed for any goods, wares, or merchandize, articles, or things whatfoever, which fhall be exported from Ireland to the iflands of Faro or Ferro.
  XXVII.       And be it further enaded, That during the continuance of an ad pafled in the forty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft            certain drawbacks
and bounties on the exportation         Ireland, and for allow-
                                                         ing, until the fifteenth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and
 ihall be allowed on goods exported to ifle of Faro. Drawbacks and bounties on fugars ex-
 Eortcd (hall e paid under
 4.3 G. 3. r. 17. four, other drawbacks and bounties inftead thereof; and of the feveral anJitsamend- ~         -        ..      .          -                 -
 ing ads,
 Drawback of all duty on wines for ufe of officers of the navy.
     ads made for continuing and amending the fame; the drawbacks whiiein*force. and bounties on the exportation of the feveral forts of fugar in the faid a<5ls mentioned, fhall he allowed and paid, fubjed never-thelefs to the regulations, provifions, and diredions in the faid recited ads and in this ad mentioned and contained.
  XXVIII.      And be it further enaded, That upon the (hipping of any wines in any port in Ireland in (hips belonging to his Majefty’s navy for the ufe of admirals, captains, or other com-miflioned officers employed in his Majetty’s fervice for their adua) con'- mption on board fuch of his .Majefty’s (hips as they fhall ferve in and for no other purpefe, a drawback of the whole amount of the duties paid on the importation of fuch wines into Ireland fhall be allowed and paid under this ad; provided that no fuch wines fhall be (hipped on board any of his Majefty’s (hips of war for the purpofe aforefaid, other than in the prefence and under the care and infpedion of an officer of the revenue to be from time to time appointed for that purpofe by the commif-fioners of his Majefty’s revenue in Ireland: provided alfo, that fuch wines fhall be fo (hipped within three years from the importation thereof, and under fuch other regulations and reftric-tions as may be from time to time made and required by the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland and the privy council of Ireland for the time beirfg.
                                                                                                           XXIX. And
  
                                           j5o5»] Anno regniquadragefimo quinto Georgii IIT. c. 18. 619
      XXIX.       And be it further enaCled, Thqt upon all tobacco Drawbackson manufactured in Ireland, which (hall be exported thence to any **P^,**^;°n pbce except to Great Britain, there (hall be allowed, by way of ,n;,nuf:,durcd drawback or compenfation for the duty by this aCt charged and (exctptto paid ort import of the leaf tobacco whereof it hath been manu- GreatBritain.) fadtured, and for the excite duty charged thereon by law, the fum
    of one (hilling and two-pence for every pound weight of fuch manufactured tobacco, upon proof being duly made that fuch manufactured tobacco paid the import and inland or excife duties payable by law thereon.
      XXX.       And be it further enafted. That nocuftom, fubfidy, or No duty exduty whatever (except the alpage duties) (hall be payable to his Maiefty, his heirs and fiicceiTors, upon the exportation from on%Xj£JJ Ireland of any goods, wares, or merchandize, the produce or ma- tion oflrifh nutaclure of Ireland, other than fuch duties upon exportation as produce, not are mentioned in the faid fchedule marked C. to this aCt annexed ; J^LnV0,Dtll 11 provided that due entry be firft made of all fuch goods, wares,
    and merchandize as (hall be entitled to be exported duty-free, at &c to'bemade the cuftom houfe of the port where the fame (hall be exported, o all goods which entry (hall exprefs the quantity and quality and the parti- for exporta-culars of each denomination of the goods fo to be exported, and duty-the particulars and contents of each package in which fuch goods r are exported, and (hall be made in all refpe&s in the fame manner as the laws in force may require in refpeCt of any goods exported from Ireland, and fo as the fame be (hipped at the places and times required by law, and in prefence of the proper officer, and be by him examined, and fo as that the exporter of any goods the produce or manufacture of Ireland do fir(t make oath, or if a known quaker, a folemn affirmation, before the collector or comptroller, which oath or affirmation they are leverally hereby required and empowered to adminifter, that fuch goods are of Irijh manufacture or produce or both, as the cafe may be; and in default of performing fuch refpeCtive requifites or any of them, fuch goods, wares, and merchandize (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of his Majeftv’s revenue.
      XXXI.       And be It further enaCted, That in lieu and inftead of Drawback on all former drawbacks on fpirits diftilled in Ireland and exported, l.hc exP”r.,a‘ (except to Great Britain) every perfon who (hall, from and after (except t<> the palling of this aCt, export fpirits di(lilted in Ireland to any Great Bri-place, (except to Great Britain,) (hall be entitled to and (hall tain.) receive for every gallon of fuch fpirits, as and for a drawback in
    refpeCt of the whole duty of excife, as well that on fpirits as on malt, paid for in refpeCt of the faid fpirits, the fevcral and re-fpeCtive fums following; that is to fay, of fuch fpirits as (hall be of a ftrength equal to Britijh hydrometer proof, the fum of three
    (hillings and nine-pence halfpenny; and of fuch fpirits as (hall be of a ftrength not lefs than a ftrength equal to five degrees or ten per centum over Britijh hydrometer-proof, the fum of four (hillings and five-pence halfpenny; and of fuch fpirits as fhall be of a ftrength not lefs than a ftrength equal to ten degrees or twenty per centum over Britijh hydrometer proof, the fum of five *                                                 (hillings
            G° 8le . •                                  '    Newvork3pubucV
 *3 & »4 G. 3 (I.) c. 19.
 620 Annoregni quadragefimo quintoGsoRGii III. c. 18. [1805.
             {hillings and one penny three farthings; and that if the fpirits fo to be exported (hall be of a greater ftrength than ten degrees or twenty per centum over Britijh hydrometer proof, there (hall be paid for every degree which the faid fpirits (hall exceed the ftrength before-mentioned a further drawback after the rate of two pounds for every one hundred pounds on the amount of fuch *          drawback of five (hillings and one penny three farthings, and fo
             in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.
 Bounty on XXXII. And be it further enabled, That over and above the corn fpirit?, faid drawbacks on all fpirits diftilled in ,   and which   (hall
 not'abov'e6! 6jS ^'PPe° f°r exportation, except to Great     , there (ball be
 per barrel, 4 d.allowed and paid to the perfon or perfons exporting fpirits made per gallon. and diftilled from malt, made of corn of the growth or produce of Ireland, when the price of barley in                  j as alcertained   in
 the manner fpecified in an ait palled in Ireland in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of his Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for regulating the corn , promoting            ,   and providing a regular and Jleady fupply of corn in this    , and    for
 ,      granting to his Majtjly, his heirs and       ,  the duties therein
                      mentioned, or by any aft for amending the (hall not exceed
             fixteen (hillings the barrel, a bounty of four-pence for every gallon of fuch fpirits out of the duties hereby granted ; but under the fame rules and regulations, and fubjeit to the fame fecurnies, exceptions, reftrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are enacted with refpeCt to the bounties on corn exported.
 Drawback on XXXIII. And he it further enaited. That there (hall be paid malt; all the to every perfon who (hall export malt from      , on which   the
 duties paid s juty payable thereof (hall have been fully paid and fatisfied, a drawback of all duty charged and actually paid thereon ; and to every perfon who (hall export ftrong beer or ale from Ireland, a drawback or allowance of fix (hillings and eleven-pence farthing for every thirty-two gallons of fuch ftrong beer or ale in lieu of all former drawbacks and allowances thereon ; which drawback (hall be paid by the collector of the port from which fuch malt or beer or ale (hall be exported, out of any money in his hands : provided that no fuch drawback (hall be paid, or allowance of duty made, unlefs the perfons refpedively who export fuch malt or beer or ale (hall have performed fuch requifites, and complied with fuch regulations and reftridtions as are required to be performed and obferved by perfons exporting any article whereon any drawback or bounty is payable for ohtaining the fame.
   XXXIV.                    And be it further enaded, That on all ftrong beer 9<l. per barrel and ale brewed in Ireland, and which (hall be (hipped for expor-°ortedrwhen ,at'on to any place except Great Britain, there (hall be allowed the priceofCn an^ Pa|d to Perf°n or perfons exporting fuch firong beer or barley (under ale made wholly from malt, the growth or .produce of           ,
 23, 24 G. 3. when the price of barley afeertained in the manner fpecified in the _ f*•) c* V9’) *s faid ad nafled in Ireland in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth
 nnn^r 1 h r DCr                   f               J                J
 ^ years of his prefent Majefty's reign, or by any ad for amending the fame, (hall not exceed fixteen (hillings the barrel, a bounty of one (hilling and nine-pence fot\every thirty-two gallons of
                                                                                                                  ftrong
 On beer, 6s. 1 id. 1 q. per barrel.
 Bounty of is.
 underi6j barrel.
 
JS05.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. 621
ftrong beer or ale, out of fuch monies as fhall arife from the duties hereby granted j under the fame rules and regulations, and fubjeCt to the fame fecurities, exceptions, reftri&ions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are ena&ed with refpeCt to the bounties on corn exported.
   XXXV.        And be it further ena&ed, That upon the exporta-Drawback on tion of glafs bottles, or of any paper, or paper hangings re-fpedively made in Ireland, there Ihall be paid and allowed a and piper*^* drawback, equal in amount to the whole duties of excife on the hangings, faid articles refpeCtively, upon proof being duly made, that fuch
bottles, paper, or paper hangings refpeCtively fhall have paid the feveral excife duties thereon, in refpeCt of which fuch drawback ihall be claimed.
   XXXVI.        And be it further ena&ed, That upon the exporta- Drawback on tion of any hides and fkins and pieces of hides and fkins tanned j'atlier Per or drefied in oil in Ireland, or of any vellum or parchment made parchment
in    Ireland, on which the duties charged by law on the manufac- the whole
ture thereof fhall have been paid, there Ihall be allowed and re-duties} paid to the perlon or perfons exporting the fame refpe&ively, a drawback of one penny on every pound weight avoirdupois of all fuch hides and fkins and pieces of hides and fkinsj and a draw, back equal to the duties charged on all fuch vellum and parchment by law and actually paid thereon; and upon the exportation of any fuch tanned leather manufactured in Ireland into on leather ma-goods and wares of tanned leather only, or of which fuch tanned nufa&ures id. leather is the mod valuable part, there Ihall be allowed and re- *?• Pcr ll>* paid a drawback of one penny halfpenny on every pound weight avoirdupois.
   XXXVII.        And be it further enaCted, That fo much of the Rdidueofdu-duties by this aCI impofed on raw and untanned hides exported, ties on hides and on linfeed oil, chocolate, and cocoa nuts imported, as Ihall expo‘ted* &c: remain, after deducting the hereditary duties to the crown cnco'urrgfng* thereon, Ihall be paid, and ifTued by the commilfioners of his railing of flax Majefty’s treafury of Ireland for the time being, to the truftees feed.
for encouraging the linen and hempen manufactures of Ireland, to be by them applied towards encouraging the raifing of flax feed in Ireland.                                                      Duties, &c.
   XXXVIII.     And be it further enafled, That all duties paid to, EnmanJ-0
and all fums granted to the truftees of the linen and hempen ma- fadtures, ex-nufa&ures fhall be exempted from the payment of all fees.        empt from
   XXXiX. And be it further enaCted, That all monies to arife fee3-from the refpeCtive duties of two (hillings and fixpence, and two- 61/. duty, pence, in the faid Ichedule marked D. mentioned, upon entries k’c" *".tr‘e9 inwards and outwards, in the port of         ,  and upon certain Dublin, and
fhips and veflels trading to Ireland, fhall be paid into the receipt of id. duty on his Majefty’s Exchequer in Ireland; and the commiflioncrs of his trading (hips, Majefty’s Treafury in            Irelandior the time being Ihall caufe fixpence pid
of the faid duties of two (hillings and fixpence in the faid fchedule J-jieqUer. mentioned to be paid to the truftees of the Royal Exchange in the thereof city of Dublin, to be by them applied towards keeping the fame in applicable to
repair, and towards the difeharge of the wages of Tervants em- Dublin Rp>a!
                                                           ployed
     Co gle
   622 Anno regni quadragefirrro quinto Georgii III. c.18. [1805'.
   Exchang<*,and ployed therein; and the refidue of the faid duties of two (hillings remainder to anij f^xpence to the Corporation for erefting Buildings for Conifer* Com rurr- tnercial Purpofes, to be by them applied towards the difcharge of cial Buildings, the intereft of fuch monies as have been borrowed, or (hall be borrowed, not exceeding in the whole, in anyone year, the fum of thirteen thoufand pounds, for erefting and (inifhing the faid buildings, and towards difcharging the principal, and to and for no other purpofe, to be accounted for before the commiflioners of impreft accounts in Ireland.
   Duties not XL. And be it further enabled. That all and every the rates propm* ed*^" anc^ duties granted by this aft, and not hereby appropriated or (hall be carried direfted to be applied to any particular ufe or ufes, purpofe or to Iriili confo-purpofes, the neceflary charges of raifing and accounting for the lidated fund 5 )amc being deduced, (hall be carried to and be part ot the con-as alfo fees folidated fund of Ireland; and that the fum of fixpence per pound, payable at the and all other fees which (hall or may be payable to the lord high-Irifh Exche- treafurer or commiflioners for executing the office of lord high-<*uer‘     treafurer of Ireland, clerk of the pells, or any other officer of the
               Treafury of Ireland,upon ifliiing or payment of any fum or fums of money out of the confolidated fund of     , (hall be carried
               to the faid confolidated fund, in aid and addition to the duties hereby granted, and (hall be accounted for accordingly.
   No fees on XLl. And be it further enabled, That neither the fum of fix-payment of in- pence per pound, nor any other fee, (hall be payable to or be de-
   nuitle^ aD" tufted or received by any officer or officer# of the Treafury of Ireland for or on account of the ifliiing or payment of any fum or fums of money in difcharge of any part of the national debt of Ireland, or of any intereft or annuities on the fame.
   All duties un- XLII. And be it further enabled, That all the feveral duties, ihaH be col rates> an(^ impofitions hereby granted upon goods, wares, and left ed* ns un- merchandize, imported into and exported from    , (except
   der excife aft, as to fuch of the faid duties as may by law be bonded during fuch i4and 15 C. *. time only as fuch duties (hall not be demandable) and all penal-c* *•       ties and forfeitures in refpeft thereof, (hall be railed, levied, col-
               lected, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftbrs, in the fame manner, and under fuch powers and authorities, and by fuch ways and methods, and according to fuch rules and directions, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures as are appointed, direfted, and exprefled for the raifing, collecting, levying, paying, and managing of duties payable on goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland., in and by an aft of parliament made in Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late majefty King Charles the Second, intituled, Jn ail for fettling of the exciff or new impofl upon his Majefly, his heirs and JucceJJ'ors, according to the book 0/rates therein , and by any
               other aft or ads in force in     ,  relating to the revenue of
               cuftoms and excife, or either of them, as fully and effeftuaUy, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were herein exprefled and enafted, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties aggrieved, as in and by the faid laft mentioned aft, pafled in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his faid late
                                                                                                              majefty
                                              NE ', : j
 fSo£.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii TIT. c. 18. 623
 majefty King Charles the Second, or any other ad or ads as afore* faid, is provided.              ^
    XLllI. And be it further enaded. That all duties, drawbacks, Duties (hall be bounties, and allowances in this ad, and in the refpedive fche-dules hereunto annexed, fpccified, mentioned, and contained, qUantlty, (ball be paid and received upon the feveral articles and things in this ad and the faid fchedules mentioned, according to the tale, weight, gauge, meafure, or value of the faid articles refpedively fpecified, and alfo in proportion upon any greater or lefs number, weight, quantity, meafure, or value of fuch articles, matters, and things refpedively; and that the faid duties, drawbacks, al- and in Britifh lowances, and bounties, (hall be paid and payable, and received currency; and receivable in Britijhcurrency; and that in all cales where any fuch duties, drawbacks, allowances, or bounties, on the importation or exportation of goods, wares, merchandizes, or ma-nufadures, are direded to be ascertained by the value thereof, fuch value as well as the rate of duty, in refped thereof, (hall be taken in Britijh currency, except the duties on the impoitation except raw, of raw or thrown filk, or foreign fait into           ,   and all draw- JJJ" thiown
 backs in refped of the faid duties on raw or thrown filk, and ex- rcierTfalt^c. cept the duties on the importation into Ireland of fait, hops, and S 1 coals, from Great Britain, and all drawbacks in refped of the faid duties on hops and coals, and except the drawbacks on the exportation from Ireland of leather, and leather manufadures, glafs bottles, vellum and parchment; and except alfo the countervailing duty by this ad impofed on the importation of all filk manufadures of Great Britain, and the countervailing drawback in refped thereof, and the bounty on the export of filk manufactures from Ireland: provided alfo, that no drawback whatever (ball be paid in     Britijh currency, unlefs the duty in refped whereof
 fuch drawback (hall be allowed (hall have been likewife paid in the fame currency.
    XLIV. And whereas by an afl, made in the lajl fejjion of - Bonds given mint,         intituled, An ad for making further regulations for the under 4.4G. 3.
 better colledion and fecurity of his Majefty’s revenue of cuftoms ^r'°^cn' a6, and excife in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein, it was pounds per (among other things) enaded, That it (hould and might be law- ton of the ful for any perfon chargeable with a certain additional duty im- duty on Spa-pofed therebyof fixteen pounds nineteen (hillings and eight-pence, 'he'va-on Spani/h red wine, or any other wines of the dominions of Spain, cated. and the wines of Naples and Sicily, to give fecurity by bond to his Majefty, to be taken for his M ljefty’s ufe, by the colledor of the diftrid in which fuch perfon refided, for the payment of the fum of feven pounds on every tun of fuch wine, as and in part of the faid duty of fixteen pounds nineteen (hillings and eight-pence, conditioned that fuch perfon (hould pay the faid fum of feven pounds per tun on the twenty-fourth day of June one tlioufanif eight hundred and five: and'whereas it is expedient that the faid bonds Jhould be cancelled without payment of the faidJum of feven pounds per tun ; be it therefore ena&ed, That, from and after the paffing of this a iff, it (hall and may be lawful for every and any collector
who
624 Annoregni quadragefimoquintoGeorg 11 III. c. 18. [1805.
             who may have taken any bond for figuring the payment of the faid duty of (even pounds pe tun, and for every and any other perfon in whofe cuftody fuch bonds (hall be, and he and they is and are hereby required to cancel and vacate the faid bonds, fo far as relates to the faid fum of feven pounds per tun, without payment of the faid fum of feven pounds per tun, and that all bonds given for fecuring the faid duty of feven pounds per tun (hall,
       ' from and after the pafling of this aft, be and become utterly void and of none effedt in law as to the faid fum of feven pounds per tun; and that all and every perfon and perfons who (hall have entered into or given any fuch bonds, either as principal or furety, (hall from and after the pafling of this aft be, and he and they is and are hereby declared to be acquitted, exonerated, difeharged, and indemnified, of, from, and againfl the penalty in any fuch bond contained or exprefled, as to the faid fum of feven pounds per tun, and of, from, and againfl the payment of the faid fum of feven pounds per tun, as if the faid fum of feven pounds per tun had never been impofed on fuch wine, and as if fuch bond had never been given ; any thing in the faid Jaft recited aft or in any other aft or afts of parliament in force in       ,  to the contrary
             thereof in any wife notwithflanding.
All powers of XLV. And be it further enafted, That all the claufes, regula-this aft ap- tions, and provifions in this aft contained, (hall and may be applied to reco- p|jec| jn t)ie ieVyin„ anj recovering of all duties and arrears of verv otsarrears *                        • y o o
of former du- duties, impofed by any former aft or afts in force in   , on
ties.        or before the faid twenty.fifth day of March one thoufand eight
             hundred and five, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and pur-pofes, as if fuch duties and arrears of duties had become due and payable under this aft.
Aft may be XLVI. And be it further enafted, That this aft may be al-■*«*?«!rc" tered, amended, or repealed, by any aft or afts to be made in Kta this prerent leflion of parliament.
Continuance  XLV II. And be it further enafted. That this aft (hall be and
of aft.      continue in force until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March
             one thoufand eight hundred and fix, and no longer.

                                                   SCHEDULES
               i8oj.J Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. 625
                                           9
                         SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.
                                                Schedule (A.)
 A Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, (not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great         and of the
                        Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland.
I N WARDS.
                                                          A.
 Adianthum, the lb. -Agates, viz.
 ---------Rough, frftall as a bean, the 100 dozen
 ——— Rough, large, the piece -
 ---------Rough, or polilhed, not otherwife deferibed
          for every ^.100 of the value Ale. See Beer.
 Alkali, Sal. See Sal Alkali.
 -----— not particularly enumerated or deferibed, for
          every r co of.the value Alkanet Root, the lb. -Alkermes ConfeClio, the oz. troy
 ---------Syrup, the lb. -
 Almond Pafte, for every £.100 of the value -Aimonds, the cwt. viz.
 ---------Bitter          -     -    -     -    ■
 ----------Jordan    -     *     - '
 ----------in the (hell -     -      -
 ---------of any other fort      -
 ---------Oil of. See Oil.
 Aloes, the lb. viz.
 •--------Succotrina, or Socotorina
 ---------Hepatica, and any other fort
 Alum, Roch, the cwt. -----Amber, the lb. -
 -------Beads. See Beads.
 -------Oil of. See Oil.
 Ambergris, the oz. troy -Ambra Liquida, for every j£.ioo of the value America. For the duties on goods of the growth, produce, or manufa&ure of the United States of America, imported into Ireland. See Schedule (B.) Ammoniacum. See Gum-Sal.
 Anchor Stocks. See Wood.
 Anchovies, the barrel of i61bs. of fifii Vol. XLV.                 Ss
 Duties.
Drawbacks.
   s. d. Z- X. d.  
0  0  4  0  0  3   
0  5  2  0  3  8   
0  0  2  0  0  1   
zo 5  4  16 *3 4   
33 0  0  29 8  0   
0  0  6  0  0  4   
0  1  7  0  1  2   
0  2  4  0  2  2   
33 0  0  29 8  0   
1  2  1  0  l9 10  
2  6  8  1  19 8   
0  13 6  0  10 3   
1  6  6  1  4  2   
0  I  8  0  1  7   
0  0  10 0  0  9   
0  9  8  0  8  7   
0  0     0  0  10* 
0  2  2  0  2  0   
33 0  0  29 8  0   
036
Go
gle
             Original from NEW YORK PUBLIC Lll
m
ARY
 626 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. [1805.
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
  Angelica, the lb.      -
  Animi Gum. See Gum.
  Anifeed. See Seed Oil.
  Annotto, the lb.
  Antimonium, viz.
  ■  ■ ■ ----- Crudum, the cwr. -
       —------ Preparatum, or Stibium, the lb.
  Apparel, for every £.100 of the value
       And an additional duty, by the lb. or by the yard, on the materials of which fuch apparel is made, according to the rel'pedlive rates to which fuch materials are fubje«5t.
  Apples, the bu(hel -     -     -    -     - ,
  -----— dried, the bulhel -     -    -     -
  Aquafortis, the cwt. -             -      - -
  Arabic Gum. See Gum.
  Arangoes. See Beads.
  Archelia. See Orchelia.
  Argentum Vivum. See Quickfilver.
  Argol, the cwt. -       -           -
  Ariftolochia, or Bithwort, the lb.
  Armoniac. See Bole Ammoniac.
 ' A;?a“t“rade- } 3“ Spirit,
  Arrow Root, the cwt. viz.
  ■■1 ■        of the growth or produce of the Britifh
                 plantations or colonies in America
  ■    —— of the produce of the United States of
                 America. See Schedule (B.)
  ————— of any other country Arfenic, the cwt. -       -  -
  Afla-fcetida, the lb. -  -
  Afarum Root, the lb.          -
  Afhes of all forts, free.
  Afphaltum, or Bitumen Judaicum, the lb.
  Afles, for every £.100 of the value -     -  - >
  Auripigmentum. See Arfenick.
                                                         B.
  Bacon aiid Hams, the cwt.      -
  Badger Skins. See Skins.
  Balks. See Wood Balks.
  Balls, viz.
  ----- Tennis Balls, the 1000    -
  ■  — Wafhing Balls, the lb. .            ...
  Balm of Gilead as Natural Balfara.
  Balfam, the lb. viz.
  »■ Artificial ......
 Duties. I Drawbacks.
   s. d. I- s. d. 
0  0  31 0  0     
0  0  6  0  0  5  
0  9  0  0  7  6  
0  0  2* 0  0  2i 
33 0  0  29 8  0  
0 O O I
0 3
 o 6 o o
 8
 S
 7
 3
 5
on 8
; i
o o
o o
 o o
20 5
 4
 3 7
 5
 5
 4
on 7
t 1 4
006
017
 o
 o
 0
 O 5
 O II
 o o
040
004
 o 10 8
                                        094
                                        060
                                        006
                                        004
                                       004 16 13 4
097
0124
005
014
Go gle
I
 1S05.] Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 18. 627
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Balfam, Canada -------
 -------Copaiva, or Capivi
 -------Natural ------
 -------not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for
           eyery j^.iCO of the yalue -Band Strings, and Band String Twift, the dozen knots, viz.
 -----Strings         -
 ----- String Twift -
 -----------if of Silk, or mixed with Silk, a further
              duty by the lb. as Silk Manufactures. Barbadoes Tar. See Tar.
 Barilla free, as Afties.
 Bark, yiz*
 -----Jefuits. See Cortex Peruvianus.
 -----Red Mangrove, in calks not lefs than 150 lbs.
        the cwt.
 -----not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for every
        /.IOO of the value       -
 Barley. See Corn.
 -------hulled. See Pearl Barley. /
 Barras. See Canvas in Linen.
 Bafils. See Leather.
 Balket Rods, the bundle, not exceeding three feet in circumference at the band Balkets, viz.
 --------Hand Balkets, the dozen
 -------Wicker Balkets, for every/". 100 of the value
 Baft or Straw, and Platting, or Hats or Bonnets thereof. See Hats, Platting.
 Baft Ropes, the cwt. -
 Ball!" Ends.} S“ Wood- Bat"ni-Battery, Balhrones, and Kettles, the cwt. -    «
 Bay-berries. See Berries.
 Bay Yarn. See Yarn Woolen.
 Beads, viz.
 ----- Amber, the lb.
 ----- Arangoe, for every/. 100 of the value
 -- - Bone, or Box, the great grofs ■    Coral, the lb.    -                  -
 ----- Cryftal, the 1OOO -
 ----- Glafs, for every/. 100 of the value
 •     Jafper, the lop It ones  -     -     -
 ----- jet, the lb.      -
 * --- not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for
          every/.100 of the value Beans. See Corn.
                           s s 2
o
33
Duties.  Drawbacks. 
/. S. d- zhz d.     
0 0 74   0 0 61     
0 1 si   0 1 1*     
0 2 Sj   O 2 li     
33 0 0   29 8 0     
083      069        
0 3 5    032        
 o 3*
 o o
0   1 6  0  1  4   
    t              
0   1 3  0  r  1   
20  5 4  16 *3 4   
0   1 9  0  1  4   
3  11 5* 3  2  10; 
0   7 4  0  6  3   
33  0 0  29 8  0   
0  10 10 0  9  3   
0  11 9i 0  7  3:  
1   1 oi 0  18 9;  
as 16 5  80 4  5   
0  18 8  0  12 9   
0   1 8  0  1  5   
33  0 0  29 8  0   
 O O 31 29  8   o
Co gl
e
                                                                                                                                 Original from
 NEW YORK PUBLIC I
/ •
fBRARY
 61S Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. [1805.
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Duties.
 Beans, Kidney or French Beans, as Garden Seeds.
          See Seeds.
 Bears’ Skins. See Skir.s.
 Beaver Skins and Wool. See Skins, Wool.
 Bed Feathers. See Feathers.
 Beech Boards. }
 ------ Plank. £ See Wood.
 ------Quarters. )
 Beef, whether falted or otherwife, as Provifions.
 Beer, the barrel of thirty-two gallons, viz.
 ----- Mum............................
 ----- Spruce Beer -----
 ----- or Ale of all other forts    -
 Bees Wax. See Wax.
 Bell Metal. See Metal.
 BelvidCre Raifms. See Raifins.
 Benjamin, the lb.
 Bere or Big. See Corn.
 Bergamot, EfTence of, -the lb.    -
 Berlins, as Carriages.
 Berries, viz.
 --------Bay, the cwt. -        -    -     -    -
 -----— Juniper, the cwt. -
 ....— not otherwjfe enumerated or deferibed, for
             every £.100 of the value Bigg. See Corn.
 Birds, Singing Bird?, the dozen -         -
 Bifcuits. See Bread.
 Bitumen Judaicum. See Afphaltum.
 Blacking, the cwt. -         -     -
 Black Latten. See Latten.
 Black Lead. See Lead.
 Bladders, for every j^.ioo of the value Blades, the dozen, viz.
 -  —— for Foils        -
 ■ -----for Razors -          -     -     -
 --------for Swords. See Sword Blades.
 Blankets, or Blanketing, the fquare yard Blubber. See Train Oil in Oil.
  Boards. See Wood.
  Bole Armoniac, or Armenian Bole, the cwt.
  Bone Lace. See Lace.
  Bones and Hoofs of Cattle, for every 00 of the value -Bonnets. See Hats.
  Books, the cwt. viz.
  -    ■— bound             - -
  ■ ---— unbound
  Boom Spars. See Spars in Wood,
 d.

 1 1  4
 1 10 10
 Oil 2
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o 10
 6
 1
Drawbacks.
 S.
 d.
O 18
* 7 o 10
 o
 3
 6
 6
 o
 8
o
o
 5 *
 o II
20 5 4 16 13 4 
0 3 10 0 2 4   
0 15 7 0 13 4  
20 5 4 16 13 4 
   029 026     
   022 0 1 10  
   176 1 6 9   
       4       
0 5 7* O5O     
   i * 16 13 4 
20 5 4         
   306 292     
1 17 0 111 4   
Go gle
 1S05.I Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. 629
         SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Borax, refined, the lb.      -
 -------unrefined, or Tincaf, the lb.
 Bottles, viz.
 -------of Earth or Stone, the dozen bottles
 ——— of Glafs, covered with wicker, for every £.100 of the value -                           .  -
 -------Green, or common glafs. bottles, full or
            empty, not of lefs content than one pint, and not being phials, for every £.100 of the value -Bowls or Buckets of wood, not bound with iron, the dozen                    -
 Bowfprits. See Mafts in Wood.
 Boxes, viz.
 - —— Dreffing Boxes, for every j£.ioo of the value
 -------Neft Boxes, the grofs of 12 dozen nefts,
            each neft of 8 boxes
 -------Pill Boxes, the grofs of 12 dozen nefts, each
            neft of 4 boxes -
 -------Sand Boxes, the grofs of 12 dozen
 -------Snuff Boxes, not being gold or filver, for
            every £.100 of the value Box Wood. See Wood.
 Bracelets or Necklaces of Glafs, for every 100 of the value                   -      -       -
 Brandy. See Spirits.
 Brafs Manufactures, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, for every ,£.100 of the value Brafs, old. See Shruff.
 -----Wire. See Wire.
 Brazil Wood and Braziletto Wood. See Wood. Bread or Bifcuit. See Provifions.
 Bricks, the 1000       -    -       -      -
 Brimftone, the cwt.         -
            Note, the duty on brimftone may be drawn back on being ufed in certain manufactures.
 Briftles, the dozen lbs. viz.
 ------- drefled        -        -
         --------of  Mufcovy or Ruftia, imported in
                                                     foreign (hipping
 -----— rough or undrefted -
         ---------  ■       of    Mufcovy  or Ruftia,
                               imported inforcign (hipping
 Broken Glafs. See Glafs.
 Bronze Figures and Wares, for every £100 of the value                  -        -          -
 Duties.
Drawbacks.
     Co gle
£. s. d. • |           
0 0 10   008           
004      004           
0 3 1    027           
83 16 4             OO 
                     O 
                    4* 
83 16 4  80 4 4        
0 1 3    Oil           
20 s 4   16 13 4       
0 17 2        0 14 11. 
022      008           
047      042           
33 0 0   29 8 0        
83 16 5  80 4          
33 0 0   29 8 0        
         «             
059      0 5 0         
0 2 V    0 12          
0 5 10   0 12          
064      0 2 8         
016      0 10          
   OO                  
   M              0 12 
   O                   
33 0 0              r* 
                29 8 0 
         Original from 
'ORK PUBLIC LI
630 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii ITI. c, 18. [1805.
SCHEDULE (A)---INWARDS.                                  Duties.  Drawbacks. 
#                                                                            
Brooms, Flag Brooms or'Whilk Brooms, for every           £- s■ d. £•         
£. 100 of the value •                                    26 8 0   «7 4 5     
Bruges or Bridges Thread. See Thread.                    •                   
Buck or Deer Skins. Sec Skins.                                               
Buckets of Wood. See Bowls of Wood.                                          
Bugle, grear, the lb. -                                  0 2 2I   0 2        
---fmall or Seed, the lb.                                0 3 9    038        
Bullion, or Foreign Coin of gold or filver, free.                            
Burrs for Millftones. Sec Stones.                                            
Burrachas. See India Rubber.                                                 
Bulls or Figures of marble or {tone. See Stones                              
fculptured.                                                                  
Butter, as Provifions.                                                       
                           C.                                                
Cables, tarred or untarred, the cwt.                     0 19- 1  0 16 9     
Cable Yarn. See Yarn.                                                        
         Caddas or Crewel Ribband, the dozen pieces, not                     
              exceeding inches in breadth, each piece of                     
36 yards -                                               0128     095        
------■--- and if of (ilk, or mixed with (ilk, a further                     
duty by the lb. as Silk Manufactures.                                        
Caffoy, the yard - - -                                   0 2 11   021        
---- and if of (ilk, or mixed with ftlk, a further                           
duty by the lb. as Silk Manufactures.                                        
Cake Lac. See Gum Lac.                                                       
Calabar Skins. See Skins.                                                    
Calaminaris Lapis. See Lapis.                                                
Calamus, the lb. - * * .                                 0 0 3|   0 0 2$     
Calavances, as Provifions.                               052      04H        
Callicoes, the yard, viz.                                                    
......white -                                                                
--printed, painted, Itaincd, or dyed, or partly                              
                                                  dyed - 061      059        
                                 Calve Skins. See Skins.                     
Cameletto, half filk, half hair, the yard                0 3 7    0 3 5      
-------- and a further duty by the lb. as Silk Ma-.                          
                                             nufaCtures.                     
Gambogium. See Gamboge.                                                      
Camel Hair. See Hair.                                                        
---- or Mohair Yarn. See Yarn.                                               
Camomile Flowers, the lb.                                002      002        
Camphor, the lb. viz.                                                        
--- refined .....                                        0 1 i|   0. 0 ni    
-*-unrefined . -                                         008’     0 0 6J     
Cam Wood. See Wood.                                      «                   
Canada Balfam. See Balfam.                                                   
Canary Seed. See Seed,                                                       

 I
 /
1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo qulnro Georgii III. c.            18. 631    
               SCHEDULE (AO---^INWARDS.                 Duties.  Drawbacks. 
Candles, the cwt. viz.                                  {»• s' d £. s. .    
                                                        10 10 0  to 2 0     
- -Spermaceti -----                                     276      2 5 5      
--Tallow -----                                          211 4    206        
Candlewick, the cwt. - - - -                            0 16 4   0 13 5     
    Cane and Platting, or Hats or Bonnets thereof.                          
See Hats, Platting.                                                         
Canes, viz.                                                                 
--Rattans, the iooo                                       162    162        
----- Reed, the iooo -                                    048    095        
--Walking, not being mounted, the iooo                   3 0 ”1  1 5 ii|    
    Cans of Wood, not bound with Iron, the dozen -       0 1 si  O 1 2t     
Cantharides, the lb. - - -                               0 2 3i  0 I 6t     
Canvas. See Linen.                                                          
Capers, the lb.                                          0 0 3|  0 0 3*     
Capita Papaverum. See Poppy Heads.                                          
Caps of Cotton, Woollen, or Worfted, for every                              
^.ioo of the value -                                     44 0 0  40 8 0     
             Cardamoms, the lb. - - - - /                0 1 3   012        
Cards, Playing Cards, the dozen packs                    2 1 7   2 1 7      
-and further for every lb. weight thereof                 003    003        
Carmenia Wool, as Goat’s Hair. See Hair.                                    
Carpets of Turkey, lefs than four yards fquare, the                         
carpet -                                                0 10 10  0510       
...... .four yards fquare, or upwards,                                      
the carpet - - -                                         1 10 7  1 3 11     
--------- not particularly enumerated or deferibed, for                     
every £.100 of the value                                 33 0 0  29 8 0     
Carrabe or Succinum, as Amber.                                              
Carraway Seeds or Oil. See Seeds, Oil.                                      
Carriages, with or without the Appurtenances, for                           
every £.100 of the value                                 20 5 4  16 13 4    
-----and further on the Harnefs, if of Silk or                              
Leather, the duties by the lb. according                                    
to their refpedtiye rates.                                                  
Carthamus Seed. See Seed.                                                   
Calhew. See Gum Nuts.                                            s          
Calks, empty, the tun of 252 gallons' content             059    0 4 11     
Ca(£a, the lb. viz.                                                         
-■--- Buds - -                                          007      007        
■ Fiftula -----                                         005      004        
-Lignea - - - - -                                       O I Si   0 1 4t     
Caftor, the lb. - -                                     9 3 *1   O 2 IOt    
Oil of. See Oil.                                        w •                 
Catlings or LiteArings, the grofs of 12 dozen            0 1 11             
knots - - - - - -                                                0 12       
Cat Skins. See Skins.                                                       
Cattle alive, viz. Bulls, Cows, Oxen or Steers, for                         
every £.100 of the value -                               20 5 4  16 *3 4    
                Caviare, the cwt. -----                 0 9 °t   06 S       
 /     .Origjmal from
NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBR4RY

    632 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgi      1 III. c. 18. [1805.  
             SCHEDULE (A )---INWARDS.              Duties.   Drawbacks.  
Cayenne Pepper. See Pepper^                        £. s. J.  ---         
                                                             0% I        
                                                             • 1         
Cerufia, as White Lead.                                                  
Chaifes, as Carriages.                                                   
Chalk, for every £. 100 of the value               20 5 4    1613 4      
Chamlets, the yard, viz.                                                 
--unwatered, or Mohair -                                                 
---watered -                                                             
half Talk, half hair                                                     
----and if made of or mixed with filk, a                                 
-further duty by the lb. as Silk Manu¬             009       007         
factures.                                          012       0 0 it      
Chariots, as Carriages.                            10    2 2 0 1 8       
Cheefe, the cwt. - - -                             028       0 1 8       
Chemical Oils. See Oil.                                                  
Cherries, the cwt. -                               070       038         
Chefnuts. See Nuts.                                                      
Cherts of Iron, fmall, the piece not exceeding in                        
length one yard ...                                1 13 4    1 9 4       
• ------large, the piece exceeding in length       t •                   
                    one yard -                     2 IO 7    2 3 0.      
                                                         mht             
Chimney Pieces, of marble, or ftone fculptured, as        00             
Stone fculptured.                                          0             
China Root, the lb. -                                      0 006*        
China, Porcelaine, or Earthen Ware, not parti¬                           
cularly enumerated or deferibed, or other-                               
wife charged with duty, for every £.100 of                               
the value - - - -                                  44 0 0    40 8 0      
Chip or Platting, or Hats or Bonnets thereof. See                        
Hats, Platting.                                                          
            Chocolate, the lb. - - - -             0 1 5     012         
Cider, the tun of 252 gallons -                    8 18 0    870         
Cinders. See Coals.                                                      
Cinnabar. See Vermilion.                                                 
          Cinnabaris Nativa, the lb. - -           0 1 3     Oil         
Cinnamon, the lb.                                  0 1 10I   0 1 5$.     
-----------Oil of. See Oil.                                              
Citterns of Latten, the lb. -                      008       00-6        
Citron, viz.                                                             
■---- preferved with fait, for every ^.100 of the                        
value - r -                                        33 0 0    29 8 0      
■ - ■■■ preferved with fugar, as Succards. See                           
Succades.                                                                
--------- Water. See Spirits.                                            
Civet, the oz. troy -                              029       018         
Clap Bpards. See Boards in Wood.                                         
Clay, Fire Clay and Sand Clay, free.                                     
Clocks, for every ^.100 of the value, vi2.                               
■----of Wood -■ - .                                20 5 4    16 13 4     
           --------- not of Wood -----             33 0 0    29 8 0      
Go gle
 i8o5-] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii ITT. c. 18. 633


 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Cloths Woollen, as Drapery, old or new. See Drapery.
 Clover Seed. See Seed.
 Cloves, the lb. ------
 -------Oil of. See Oil.
 Coaches. See Carriages.
 Coals, Culm, or Cinders, the ton
 Cobalt, or Zaffre, for every jT. 100 of the value
 Cochineal, the lb.
 Cocoa Nuts, the lb. -Coculus Indicus, the lb.
 Coffee, the lb. viz.
 -------the produce of any British colony or plantation-in America -
 ■ ■ the produce of any other country or place -
           Coffee may, .on importation, be ware-houfed, under certain reftridlions and regulations.
 Coin of Copper. See Copper.
 -----of Gold or Silver, free.
 Cole Seed. See Seed.
 Colophonia. See Rolin.
 Colours for Painters. See Painters’ Colours. Columbo Root, the lb. -Combs, of Ivory, for every £.100 of the value Comfits, the lb. -Coney Skins and Wool. See Skins, Wool. Contrayerva Radix. See Radix.
 Copaiba or Capivi Balfam. See Balfam.
 Copal. See Gum.
 Copper, the cwt. viz.
    —— Ore -•       unwrought, viz.
        ------------Copper Bricks, RofeCopper, anc
                      all Call Copper
           --------in plates, and copper coin
      ■ part wrought, hammered, or raifed, bars, rods, or ingots -
 ■ ■     Manufadlures, not particularly enumeratec
           or defcribed, and copper-plates engraved, for every £.100 of the value Copper Wire. See Wire.
 Copperas, the cwt. viz.
 ---------blue *   -
   J.  d £• J. d.   
0  3  3  0  3  0    
O  2  7  0  2  0    
20 5  4  16 *3 4    
0  0  11 O  0  1    
0  1  5  O  1  4    
0  1  10 O  1  8    
               ►Hat 
0  1  4  0  1  4    
0  1  8  0  1  8.*  
 green
 white
 Coral, the lb. viz.
 - in fragments ------ whole, polifhed -
Go gle
 Duties.
Drawbacks.
 0 0
33 °
 O 1
10
 o
I of
 009 29 8 o
 o 1 of
O  0  7* 0  0  7»  
0  6  n  0  I  xii 
0  11 8  0  7  5   
I  3  4  0  12 4   
33 0  0  29 8  0   
0  8  2  •  5  9   
0  0  3  0  0  0   
0  8  9  0  6  11  
0  0  7* 0  0  5i  
0  8  6f 0  5  Pi  
                                                                                                                                     Original fror
                                                                                                                           NEW YORK PUBLIC
Brary
/ t                                                                           
         634 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georg 11 ITT.   c. 18.  [1805.    
SCHEDULE (A.)---INWARDS.                            Duties.    Drawbacks.     
                                                    £.   S. d.      5.   d.   
Coral, whole, unpolifhed -----                      0     4 2  0    2    5.   
------ Beads. See Beads.                                                      
Cordage, tarred or untarred, the cwt. - - -         0    18 0  0    16 8      
Cordial Water. See Spirits.                                                   
Cordivant Skins. See Skins.                                    v              
Coriander Seeds. See Seed.                                                    
Cork, the cwt. - - - - - -                          > 0   6 oi 0    s    3*   
Corks, ready made, the grofs of 12 dozen -          0     1 11 0    1  10     
Corn or Grain; for the duties thereon, fee A&s re-                            
lating thereto. . -                                                           
Cornpowder. See Gunpowder.                                   «                
Cortex, the lb. viz.                                                          
--Angufturae - -'                                   0     0 2  0    0  2      
---Eleutheriae or Cafcarilla - - - -                0     0 3  0    0  3      
--------- Limonum or Aurentiorum, or Lemon or                                 
Orange-peel -r                                      0     0 2i 0    0    2i   
                                                    0     1 3  0    1  1      
■ --- Simarouba -----                               0     0 7* 0    6   5’r   
-- Winteranus -                                     0     0    0    0         
■ ------ not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, for                           
every £.ico of the value -                          33    0 0  29   8  O      
Cotton and Cotton Manufactures. See Muflin,                                   
Thread Twift, Wool Yarn.                                                      
Cow or Ox Hair and Hides. See Hair, Hides.                                    
Cow-itch, the lb. - -                               0     0 7* 0    0    si   
Cows. See Cattle.                                                             
Cranberries, for every £.100 of the value -         20    5 4  16   *3 4      
Crayons, for every /.100 of the value               20    5 4  16   *3 4      
Cream of Tartar, the cwt. - -                       0     9 11 0    s  11 .   
Crevvell Ribband. See Caddas.                                                 
Crowt Sour, as Provilions,                                              * ’   
Cryftal, viz.                                                                 
- --- Beads. See Beads.                                                       
■ ------ broken in pieces, the lb. -                0     0 7l 0    0    Si   
---not particularly enumerated or deferibed, for                        j *   
every/;. 100 of the value - - - -                   33    0 0  29   8  O      
Cucumbers, pickled or prefeived, for every 100 of                             
the value -                                         33    0 0. 29   8  O      
Culm, as Coal-*. •                                                            
Cummin Seed. See Seed.                                                        
Currants, the cwt. viz.                                                       
• ----imported in {hipping of the United King-                                
dom - - - - •/ -                                    1    *3 ui 1    12   Si   
---------in foreign (hipping                        1   i 6 o| 1    14   6*   
Cuttle Bones, the 1000 - * -                        0     8 10 0    8  2    • 
f '                                                                           
D.                                                        .                   
Damafk Tabling or Napkinning. See Linen.                                      
                    < Go gle .                       A                  # .   
 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18.  635
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Dates, the cwt.  -
 i&HJnds. }       Wood.
 Deer Skins. See Skins.
 Denia Raifins. See Raifins.
 Diagridium. See Scammony.
 Diamonds; free.
 Diaper. See Linen.
 Dice, for every pair -      -
 Dimity, for every £. 100 of the value
 --------and further for every fquare yard
 Dog Skins. 1 c C. Dog-lift] Skins. | See Skins.
 Down, for every £. 100 of the value -Drapery, the yard, viz.
 -------old...............................
 new
 Drawings, for every £. roo of the value Drillings. See Linen.
 Drugs. See the feveral Names of the Drugs.
                                                                              not enumerated or defcribed, for every £. 100
 of the value
 E.
 Earth Red, as Raddle. See Raddle.
 Earthen-ware. See China.
 Ebony. See Wood. ,
 Elaftic Bottles, or Burrachas. See Indian Rubber. Elbing Canvas. See Canvas in Linen.
 Eleborus. See Helebore.
 Eiemi Gum. See Gum.
 Elephants’Teeth, the lb. -
 Elk Hair and Skins. See Hair, Skins.
 Emeralds. See Jewels.
 Emery, the lb.             -
 Emery Stones. See Stones.
 Enamel, for every £.100 of the value
 i”n|iiCampana-
 Ermine Skins. See Skins.
 Eflences. See Bergamot, Lemon, Spruce.
 Eftrich Feathers. See Oftrich Feathers, in Feathers.
 ------Wool. See Wool.
 Euphorbium, the lb. -              -   -    -
 F.
 Fans, as Haberdafhery.
 Duties.
£. s. d. I 12     1
Co gl
e
 r o o
20 5 4
 021
20 5 4
 1 8 3
 078
33 o o
33 o 0
 002
 001
33 0 o
 o o 3!
Drawbacks.
 I ~ O O
16 13 4
16 13 4
 1 7 9
 075
29 8 o
29 8
 001
 O O I 29 8 o
002}
                                                                                                                                      ' Original from
                                                                                                                             NEW YORK PUBLIC-
\
BRARY
 636 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. [1803.
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
3 | See Seeds.
 Fan-mounts, of leather, for every £.100 of the; vaue
 ----------and  further for every lb. thereof -
 Faro Raifins. See Raifins.
 Feathers, for Beds, the cwt. -
 —    ----OAridge, or F.ftridge, the lb. viz.
 ■                              drefled
 ------------------1———---------undrefled
 —     ---Vulture, for every ;£.ioo of the value -
 ——-------not particularly enumerated or defcribed,
             (and not being bed feathers,) for every £.100 of the value -Fechia Afhes, as Allies. See Allies.
 Fennel Seeds.
 Fenugreek Seeds
 Ferret Ribband, per grofs of 12 dozen
 ■  —----------if of filk, or mixed with filk, a further
                duty by the lb. as Silk Manufactures Fiddles for children, as Toys.
 Figs, the cwt. viz.
 -----imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom
      ---------in foreign (hipping -
 Filtring Stones. See Stones.
 Fir Quarters. 7 s w .
 Fir Timber. J«eWood*
 Fi(h, viz.
 -----Cod Filh, the barrel of 32 gallons
 •  - ■ —------ for every fix fcore *•
 —— Fre(h of all kinds, free.
 — — Herrings, the barrel of 32 gallons —— Ling, for every fix fcore -
 —    Salmon, the barrel of 32 gallons —:—Stock, the 120
 -----not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or
        otherwife charged with duty, and not by any law exempt from duty, for every £.100 of the value -           -     -     -     -    -
          Note. For the conditions and regulations under which fitli taken and cured by fub-je£ts may be imported duty free. See this act.
 Fifiier Skins. See Skins.
 Filh Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.
 Fitches Skins. See Skins.
 Flag Brooms. See Brooms.
 Flannel, the yard ------
 Flalks. See Bottles.
 Flax, undrefifed; free.
 —    the cwt. drefled, imported in (hipping of the
        United Kingdom -
Duties.  Drawbacks. 
£■ ’>■ i £. s. d.   
O                   
O                   
ro                  
CO       29 8 0     
004      004        
0 15 10  095        
1 19 7   1 19 7     
0 10 74  0 jo 7*    
33 0 0   29 8 0     
33 0 0   29 8 0     
0 2 11   027        
0168     0 14 5     
0 17 2J. 0 14       
 0
 1
 o
 2
 o
 o
 5 6
 2 o
  6
  4
 JO
  3
 7
 0
 1
 It
*3 5 7
 1 12 5
044
o 16 5
000
* 9 5
087
O 2 10*
 9 *3' 7
 o 1
 8 10
Go gle.
■
 1805 ] Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. i8* 637
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Flax, the cwt. drefled, imported in foreign (hipping — Seed. See Linfeed, in Seed.
 Flint Stones, for Potters, the ton of 20 cwt.
 Flocks, the cwt.
 Flour. See reference in Corn.
 Flower-Roots, for.every £.100 of the value -Flowers, Artificial, for every £.100 of the value -Fofllis, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, for every £.100 of the value -Fowls, as Provifions.
 —- Tails. }Sec Skins-Frames for Pictures or Prints, for every £.100 of the value ------
 Frankincenfe, the cwt. -Frofting See Orfedew.
 Fruir, Artificial, for every £.100 of the value Furriers’ Wafte, fit only for making glue, for every ^.100 of the value -Fur. See Skins.
 ■ — made into articles of drefs, as Millinery. See Millinery.
 Fuftick. See Wood.
                                                     G.
 Gad Steel. See Steel.
 Gaianga, the lb. -----                      -
 Galbanum, the lb. -        -     -    -
 Galley Tiles. See Tiles.
 Galls, the cwt. -                 -     -   -
 Gamboge, the lb. - *      -   -     -    -
 Garnets, the lb. viz.
 -------Cut -       -         -    * -
 ---------Rough                         ------
                                Gauze of Thread, for every £.100 of the value -
 .. ■  --------—— and further for every fquare yarc
                   thereof -       -     -
 -------of Silk, as Silk Manufadlure.
 Geldings. See Horfes.
 Geneva. See Spirits.
 Gentian, the lb.
 Ginger, viz.
 •     — of the Britifh colonies or plantations in
           America or the Weft Indies, the cwt. -■       not of the produce of the Britilh colonies or
           plantations, the cwt. -—— ■ ■ preferved, the lb.
 Ginfeng, the lb. -
Duties.  Drawbacks. 
£• s- d- 1 >• d.    
2 1 10   1 18 3     
Oil      0 0 10     
099      070        
25 0 0   25 0 0     
33 0 0   29 8 0     
20 5 4   16 13 4    
         1 .        
33 0 0   29 8 0     
0 7 81     0 6 81   
Os>                 
uo       29 8 0     
0                   
0                   
20 5 4   16 13 4    
V            1      
002
0176
2 o 10 o on 010
0  0 10 0  ©  7   
0  0 10 0  0  8   
0  8 10 0  3  10  
0  0 10 0  0  8   
I  4 6  0  IS 10  
0  7 0  0  6  6   
33 0 0  29 8  ' 0 
0  0 9  0  0  .9  
 o o
0 i5 7
1 19 o
009
010
VjU
gle
                                                                                                                               Original fr
                                                                                                                      NEW YORK PURL

 638 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. [1805,
         SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.                      Duties. Drawbacks.
I
 Glafs Bottles. Sfee Bottles.
 • --broken, fit only to be re-manufa£turcd, the cwt.
 ----Plate Glafs, and all other glafs manufactures
       not particularly enumerated or deferibed, for every £.10° of the value -Glauber Salt. See Salt.
 Glue, the cwt. -       -     -
 Goats’ Hair and Wool. See Hair.
 ---- Skins. See Skins.
 Gold Coin and Plate. See Bullion, Medals, Plate.
 ----and Silver Thread. See Thread.
 Grain. See Corn.
 Grains, Guinea, the lb. -Grapes, for every j£.ioo of the value
 ------ Rape of. See Rape of Grapes.
 Groceries, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, for every j^.100 of the value -Grogram Yarn. See Yarn.
 Guaiacum Gum. See Gum.
 Guinea Grains. See Grains. •
    -- ■ Pepper. See Pepper.
 ------Wood. See Red Wood, in Wood.
 Gum, viz.
 —    Ammoniacus, the lb.          -     -    -
 ----Animi, the lb.       -               -
 —— Arabic, the cwt. -
 ----Cake Lac. See Gum Lac.
 • --Cafhew, the cwt.     -
             of the growth or produce of the Britifh Weft India iflands, or of the Bahama, or Bermuda, or Somers Iiles, the cwt. -
      --  -- of the produce of the United States of
               America. See Schedule (B.)
 -   — Copal, for every £. 100 of the value
 ----Elemi, the lb. ------
 ----Guaiacum, the lb. 1     -
 « 1 —1 Juniper. See Gum Sandrake.
 ----Lac, viz.
      ----Cake Lac, the lb. -       ’ ' -
      ----Shellac, or Seed Lac, the lb.
                                                                         — Stick Lac, the cwt. ...
 ----Opoponax, the lb.            -
 ----Sagapenum, the lb.
 •—Sandrake, or Juniper, the cwt.
 ----Strcocolla, the lb.
 ■    Senega, the cwt.    -
 —— Tacamahaca, the lb. -*—Tragacantha -
Go gle
£>•
018
                                       83 16 5 056
 o o 34 33 o ©
33 0 0
 o 0 74 o o 5 O 5
o I
057
 o 3 10
33 o o 005 013
 o 2I o si 5 10 2 6 6i
 o o
 o o
 o o O 13 li
 o o 6} o s
 O I
 o o
 21
 3
 7
£• s- d• 014
So 4 5
036
 003} 29 8 o
29 8 o
 o
 o
 o
 o 64
 0  4
 1 64
029
 1 0
29 8 o 004 o 1 2
 o o o o o o o 10 o o
 O I O I
 o 0
 o
 0 3i 5 10 2 1
    44 3^ 44 64
    1
    5

1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii TII.c. i8. 639
             SCHEDULE (A.)---INWARDS.              Duties. Drav% backs. 
Gum, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, for jj» <*.   £. s. .    
every £.100 of the value -                          33 0 0    29 8 0    
Gunpowder, the cwt. viz.                                                
---Corn -                                          3 11    3 5 11       
- - Serpentine ....                                360     3 3 4        
Gutta Gamba, as Gamboge.                                                
Gutting Canvas. See Canvas in Linen.                                    
                        H.                                              
Haberdafhery Wares, not particularly enumerated or                      
                       defcribed, for every ,£.ico                      
                                of the value - - -  33 0 0    29 8 0    
--- ■ ------- if of filk, or mixed with ftlk, a                         
. further duty by the lb. as                                            
Silk Manufactures.                                                      
Hair, viz.                                                              
--Camel, the lb. •                                     004    0 0 2     
--- Cow, or Ox, the cwt. -                             096 078.         
           ■ Elk, the cwt. \ - - - - •             0 -8 10     056      
------ Goat, or Turkey Goat’s Wool, the lb. - -        002     000      
-Hats made of. See Hats.                                                
-Horfe, the lb. - • -                                  004     003      
-Human, the lb. ' -                                    029 026-         
Hair Powder, the cwt. viz.                           4 1 5    3 17 2    
------------ plain - - - - * -                         632   5 18 ir    
--perfumed -                                                    $       
Hams. See Bacon.                                                        
Hand-baflcets. See Bafkets.                                             
Handkerchiefs, the dozen -                            0188   O l6 IK    
--if of fxlk, or mixed with filk, a fur-                                
ther duty by the lb. as Silk Manu¬                                      
factures.                                                               
- --- if of muflin, and imported by the                                 
                  Eaft-India company of England, a                      
                further duty for every fquare yard     021     0 2f     
------ if of muflin, and not imported by the                            
                  Eaft-India company of England, a                      
                further duty for every fquare yard    0211    0 2 11    
  Hand Scoops, for every ^.100 of the value - -     20 S 4   16 13 4    
-Spikes. See Wood.                                                      
Hard Wax. See Wax.                                                      
Hardware Manufactures, not particularly enumerated                      
or defcribed, for every £.100 of the value - -      33 0 0    29 8 0    
Hare Skins. See Skins.                                                  
-Wool. See Wool.                                                        
Harnefs for Carriages. See Carriages.                                   
Harp Strings. See Catlings.                                             
Hart’s Horn. See Horns, Spirits.                                        
                                                             
                                                                                                                                  Origiral from
NEW YORK PUBLIC Lf
*
jRARY
640 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgti TIT. c. 18. [1805.
%
              SCHEDULE (A.)---INWARDS.                Duties. Drawbacks. 
Hats, viz.                                            £• d'       •      
   ■ Baft, Straw, Cane, and Chip Hats or Bonnets,             **         
                                                              • |        
for every yf.ioo of the value -                       33 0 0  29 8 0     
- . - made of, or mixed with, felt, hair, wool, or                       
beaver, the hat -                                     1 n 4   1 10 4     
----not particularly enumerated or defcribed, the                        
hat                                                   0 6 g   062        
-if of filk or leather, fubjeft to further duties by                     
the lb. according to their refpe&ive rates.                              
Hatbands, the grofs -                                 1 11 11 1 10 5     
■■ -if of filk, a further duty by the lb. as Silk                        
Manufactures.                                                            
Head Matter. See Spermaceti Oil, in Oil.                                 
Hellebore, the lb.                                    002*    0 0 11.    
Hemlock.. See Bark.                                                      
Hemp, theewt. viz.                                                       
----drefled, imported in (hipping of the United                          
Kingdom -                                             1 1 8   0186       
---in foreign (hipping                                172     140        
imported in (hipping of the United King-                                 
dom -                                                 1 8 7   1 5 10     
-------in foreign (hipping - -                        1 18 6  1 15 9     
......--- rough or undrefled, imported from any                          
country and in any (hipping, free.                                       
-- Seed. See Seed.                                                       
--Seed Oil. See Oil.                                                     
Herrings. See Fi(h.                                                      
Heflcns’ Canvas. See Canvas, in Linen.                                   
Hides, viz.                                                              
■■■ --- Buffallo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the hair, not                     
tanned, tawed, or in any way drefled, the                                
piece - - -                                           018     0 1 2      
------tanned, the lb.                                 007     005        
--------- Elk. See Skins.                                                
------ ■ Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, in the hair, the                    
piece - - -                                           0 1 8   012        
------tanned, the lb.                                 0 0 8   006        
--Loft), the lb. - - -                                0 1 3   012        
--of Mufcovy or Ruflia, tanned, the lb.               0 1 oi  0 0 6i     
• •--- raw or undrefled, of the Britilh colonies or                      
plantations in America, not particularly                                 
enumerated or defcribed, for every 100                                   
of the value .....                                    3 19 2  072        
•■■■■■ ■ and alfo on fuch of the hides herein-before                     
enumerated, being tanned or drefled in oil                               
(not particularly provided for, and charged                              
as fuch by the lb.) the following further                                
duties, viz.                                                             


  
I
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. 641
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Hides continued, viz.
           ■----if tanned, for every idbs.
        --------if dreffed in oil, for every lb. thereof
 - — or pieces of hides not particularly enumerated or defcribed, and not tanned or dreffed in oil, for every £.100 of the value *            -
 —■ ■ tanned or dreffed in oil, of what kind foever, and all parts or pieces thereof not being manufactured, and not particularly enumerated or defcribed, for every £.100 ot the value
                                                                                       ——— further, if tanned, for every iolbs. -if dreffed in oil, for every lb.
Duties. Drawback f. 
£• * d. £. s.       
012     0 1 2       
003     003         
20 5 4. *6 13 4     
 Hollands Linen. See Linen.
 Hones, the 100 of 5 fcore Honey, the cwt.
 Hoops of Iron, the cwt.
 - ■ — of Wood, the 1000 Hops, the cwt.
          Hops may be warehoufed, on importation, under certain conditions and regulations. Horns, the 100, viz.
 ■-----Buffalo, Cows, Oxen, or Steers
 —■ ■ ■ Harts or Stags -
 -------not particularly enumerated or defcribed, and
          Horn Tips, for every /.100 of the value Horfc Hair. See Hair.
 Hides. See Hides.
 Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, each -Human Hair. See Hair.
 Hungary Water. See Spirits.
 Hulks or Knubs of Silk. See Silk.
 Hufle Skins. See Skins.
                                                       I. and J.
 Jalap, the lb.     -       -                  ...
 Jamaica Wood. See Brazilctto in Wood.
 Japanned or lacquered Wares, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, for every £.ico of the value            -
 Japonica Terra. See Terra.
 Jeffamine Oil. See Oil.
 Jefuits’ Bark. See Cortex Peruvianus.
 Jet, the lb.     -                       .
 — Beads. Sec Beads.
 Jewels, viz. Pearls, Emeralds, Rubies, and all other precious Stones and Jewels (except Diamonds), for every £.106 of the value -              -
 Inkle, unwrought, the lb.
   Vol. XLV.                T  j
013
-  33  o  o
013
 3 19 2 o o 10

gle
20  5 4  l6  »3 4 ' 
O   1 2  O   1  2   
0   0 3  O   0  3   
O   9 11 0   7  1 r 
0  11 8  0   0  8   
O   8 3  0   6  10  
O   3 8  0   0  4   
3   0 0  _ 2 15 6   
0   4 9  O   3  5 , 
0  15 7t O   10 Si  
20  5 4  l6  l3 4   
    >               
2   4 0  I   13 0   
OIK
29 8 o
012
072
009
             Original from _ NEW YORK PUBLIC HILARY
 642 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. i8. [1805.
                                   SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Inkle, wrought, the dozen lbs. -Incenle. See Olibanum.
 India Rubber, or Burrachas, the lb.
 Indian Corn or Maize. See reference in Corn. Indigo, the ioolbs.       -
 Ink for Printers, the cwt.
 Ipecacuanha Radix. See Radix.
 Iris or Orris Root, the cwt. -Iron, the ton of 20 cwt. viz.
 —      of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America
        or the Weft Indies, in bars or unwrought, free.
 -----of the produce of the United States of America.
        See Schedule (B.)
 -----of any other country, in bars or unwrought
 ■   —  flit or hammered into rods, and iron drawn or
        hammered, lefs than J of an inch fquare, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -
      ---------in foreign (hipping -
 -----caft, for every £.100 of the value
 ■   —  Cinders, the ton -           -    -      -
 -----Hoops. See Hoops.
 ■  ■ - Liquor, for every £.100 of the value -
 ------ old broken, and old caft Iron, the ton - -
 -----Ore, the ton -           -     -     -     -
      ■ Pig Iron of the produce of any Britifh colony or plantation in America, free.
       ■     — of the produce of the United States
                of America. See Schedule (B.) --------of  any other country, the ton -
 —      Wares, not particularly enumerated or de-
        ferred, for every £.100 of the value -
 -----Wire. See Wire.
 Ifinglafs, the lb. -
                                  Juice of Lemons or Oranges, the tun of 252 gallons
 -----of Limes, the gallon       -
 Juniper Berries. See Berries.
     —— Gum. See Gum Sandrake.
 -------Oil. See Oil.
 Junk, old, in pieces not exceeding 5 fathoms in length, the ton -                         -
 Ivory, unwrought, the lb. -
 -------wrought, not particularly enumerated or
                                                                              deferibed, for every £.100 of the value ■
                                                         K.
 Kelp, the ton of 20 cwt. -Kidney Beans, as Garden Seeds in Seeds.
 Duties.
Drawbacks.
£. s. d. (,■ <• d. 
1 14 10  I II 2    
O O 2 j  O O 24    
0 14 0   OOO       
0 9 9    0 6 11    
i * 3    0 19 9    
O                  
OO       0 12 8    
0180     018 0     
0196     0 19 6    
33 0 0   29 8 0    
Oil      010       
3 19 2   072       
070      OOO       
0 1 10   0 12      
0128     O 12 8    
33 0 0   29 8 0    
007      006       
3 5 8    2 10 2    
0 0 10   0 0 8     
0 19 8j  0 12 6    
0 1 10   Ol8       
33 0 0      IO     
                vO 
                00 
                 0 
0 9 10   05 +      
Go
gle
1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii IN. c. 18. 643
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

 Duties.
  Kid Skins. See Skins.
  Kits ot Woods. See Pails.
  Knees of Oak. See Wood.
  Knubs of Silk. See Silk Knubs in Silk.
                                                         L.
  Labdanum, the lb.            -     -    -     -
  Lac. See Gum Lac.
  Lace, viz.
  —— Bone Lace of Thread, the dozen yards -
      ------------of Silk, the lb. of 16 oz.
  ----Silk, of all other forts, the lb. of 16 oz. - -
  Lacquered Wares. See Japanned Wares.
  Lambs’ Skins. See Skins.
     —« Slink. See Skins.
  ------Wool. See Wool.
  Lamp Black, the cwt. «                       ...
  Landaus, as Carriages.
  Lapis Calaminaris, the cwt.                  ...
  —— Tutiae, the lb.              -
  Lath Wood. See Wood.
  Latten, the cwt. viz.
  -------black...................................
  — ----(haven -              ....
  ------Wire. See Wire.
  Lavender Flowers, the lb.                  ....
  ----------Water.   See Spirits.,
  Lawns. See Linens.
  Lead, viz.
       black, the cwt.      -       -
       Litharge, the cwt.
       Ore, the ton of 20 cwt.
  ----Pig, the ton of 20 cwt.
  ----red, the cwt.                ....
  ■ - ■ (hect, the cwt.    -
  ----white, or Cerufla, the cwt.
  Leaf Metal. See Metal.
  Leather Bafils, the dozen (kins —■     and further for every lb. thereof
  -       Manufactures,  or  manufactures whereof
           leather is the moft valuable part, whethei tanned, or drefled in oil, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, for every £.100 of th$ value -                  -
         -----------and further, for every lb. thereof
                                                       if tanned
         ■   ■ ■■ - if dreffed in oil       -
  Leaves of Gold, the 100 leaves -of Rofes or Violets, the lb.
                                                        T T 2
 >£• <*•
 1   7   7
11 11 7
 7 17 4
0 15 10
o a 5 004
0 17 7
1,2 o
004
Co gl
 O 12
 ° 3
 0 16
 1 11
 o 7 o 2 0 8
 1
 8
 9
 5
 1
 6 o
3 5 3
004
Drawbacks.
 jr.                            s.d.
o o
                                                                                                      O 13 7 10 15 5 7 10 5
o 13 4
020
004
o 11 11
0160
004
 O II
 o 3
 0  13
 1   o o 6 o 1 o 6
 4
 3
 5 8
 1
 9
 9
3 4 1
004
e
20 5 4    16 13   4      
0  0 4    O O     4-     
0  0 9    O O     9      
0  1 11   0 I     7      
0  0 4    0 0     4      
          Original from  
   N EW Y ORK PUB , LIC  
644 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgti TIT. c. 18. [1805.
              SCHEDULE (A.)---INWARDS.                  *         Drawbacks.   
                                                        Duties.                
                                                        £• s.  d. C   s.  d.   
Lemons,    the 1000 -                                   O  H   7  0   10  9    
           - Eflence of, the lb. ’ -                    0  3      0   2   ipi  
           - Juice  of. See Juice.                                             
           --- Peel of. See Cortex.                                            
           - pickled, the tun of 252 gallons -          2  15  10 2   2   0    
Lentiles,  the lb.                          • t • * • • O  0   1  0   O   1    
Leopard Skins.      See Skins.                                                 
Lexia Raifms.       See Raifms.                                                
Lignum     Quaffiae, the cwt. -                         6  *3  0  6   6   0    
           Rhodium, the cwt. -                          0  16  3  0   5   2    
           Vitae.   See Wood.                                                  
Limes, the'barrel -                                     0  1   1  0   0   10   
Lime, 1    uice of. See Juice.                                                 
    ’       'Dutch or Holland, Barras, or Heflen Can-                          
                vas, the 100 ells, of fix fcore -       1  3   3  1   0   6    
                      And further for every fquare yard                        
         •          thereof -                           0  0   9  0   0   9    
         N  Packing Canvas, Guttings, and Spruce Can-                          
        (A      vas, the too ells, of’fix fcore -       1  0   3  0   18  5    
    n ^                                                                        
    >                 And further for every fquare yard                        
         c                                                                     
    a               thereof -                           0  0   9  0   0   9    
        rj Poledavies, Spruce, Elbing, or Queens-                              
                   borough Canvas, the bolt of 28 ells  0  6   4  0   4   6    
                      And further for every fquare yard                        
                    thereof -                           0  0   9  i 0 0   9    
                       "Of Dutch or Holland making, the                        
              •                            yard - - - - 0  2   9  0   2   6    
T3            to                                                               
JU            G            And further for every fquare                        
           2 4      yard thereof -                      0  0   9  0   0   9    
u        •    u     Of Silefia making, the yard -       0  1   7  0   1   3    
c 4   , .a                 And further for every fquare                        
0        >                                                                     
c        *          yard thereof -                      0  0   9  0   0   9    
3 , £ *1         to    'Of Du:ch or Holland making, the                        
         1   60.5   yard -                              0  1   1  0   0   11   
           .H .5                                                               
         Q zz 13           And further for every fquare                        
            o> a.                                                              
           > n <    yard thereof                        0  0   9  0   0   9    
             ,°z    Of Silefia making, the yard -       0  0   8  0   0   6    
             h -o                                                              
                  c        And further tor every fquare                        
                 CJ yard thereof -                      0  0   9  0   a   9    
    And for and upon all Damafk, Towelling, Nap-                               
           kining.    and Cloths, made of flax or hemp.                        
    the following further additional duty, viz.                                
    Damafk, for every yard thereof, if the fame be                >            
    one yard wide, or under -                           0  0   9  0   0        
                    if the fame be above one yard wide,                        
                    and under two yards wide -          0  1   10 0   i-  10   
                      if the fame be two yards wide, or                        
                    more -                              0  2   8  0   2   ?    

 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimoqninto Georgii III. c. 18. 645
  >
  1
I
c
f"
 1|
 A
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
*»
 U
 O.
 «
 C
 12
 c*
 h
 ■o
 JJ
 "3
 o
 c
 0
 c
 -o
 £
 Ci) —
 c c
Linen continued, viz.
              Of Dutch or Holland making, the yard And further for every fquare yard thereof           -             - - . -
            "{ Of Silefia making, the yard -
                   And further for every fquare yard • thereof     -
         Napkins of Dutch or Holland making, the dozen -
                 And furrher for every fquare yard thereof -Of Dutch or Holland making, the yard -          -
                     And further for every fquare vard thereof -Of Silefia making, the yard
                     And further for every fquare yard thereof -Drillings and Packducks, the 100 ells of fix fcore -------
                                                                             And further for every fquare yard thereof Bag Holland of Dutch or Holland making, the
       ell           -   • ........................
         And further   for every fquare yard thereof
    Oil Cloth, the yard -----And further for every fquare yard thereof And all other manufactures of Flax and Hemp, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, for every £.100 of the value -^       And further for every fquare yard thereof
Linfeed.   See Seed.
—- Oil. See Oil.
Lions’ Skins. See Skins.
Lipiri Raifins. See Raifins.
 <U _
 > n
 I2
 Liquorice, viz.
 »■        Juice or Ball. See Succus Liquoritia.
 -           Powder, the cwt. -
 ——-------- Root, the cwt. •
 Litharge. See Lead.
 Logwood. See Wood.
 Long Pepper. See Pepper.
 Long Steel. See Steel.                   »
 Lo(h Hides. See Hides.
 Lucerne Seed. See Seed.
 Lupines, the cwt. -----Luteftrings. See Catlings. %
■ j Mace, the lb.
 M.
  1 3
 11 o
039
5 6*
Duties.   Drawbacks.   
£  s.  d. £• s.   d.   
O  I   11 O  I    7    
0  0   9  O  0    9    
0  I   1  0  0    10   
0  ,0  9  0  0    9    
0  9   11 0  8    it   
0  0   9  0  0    9    
0  0   8  0  0    7    
0  0   9  0  0    9    
0  0   7  0  0    6    
0  0   9  0  0    9    
I  0   3  0  H    3    
0  0   9  0  0    9    
0  2   8  0  2    2    
0  0   9  0  0    9    
0  2   8  0  2    5    
0  0   9  0  0    9    
33 0   0  29 8    0    
0  0   9  0  0    9    
1 17 8
084
 0 3 3
 o 4 10?

gle
   ,       Original'from
 NEW YORK PUBLIC
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                • I

LIBRARY
 646 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. [1805.
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Duties.
 7   2
 5 10
 I 2
 8   6
 o 10
 O 2
o o 7‘
o
o
 o
 o
 o
 o
20
20
20
 o
 o
 O 5
 o 10
 18  It
 19  of
 Mace, Oil of. See Oil.                         £. s.
 Madder, the cwt. viz.
  ■ Crop Madder -             -    -    -   -
 -------Fat            -.  -           -
 -------Mu'll -
 -------Roots -        -    -    -
 Mahogany. See Wood.
 Maize. See Corn.                     1
 Mangrove Bark. See Bark.
 Manna, the lb. -        *
 Maps, each ------
 Marble. See Stone.
 Marbles for children, as Toys.
 Mares, as Horfes.
 Mares Hides. See Hides.
 Marmalade, the lb. -
 Martin or Martren Skins and Tails. See Skins.
 Maftick, the lb. viz.
 ------- Red..................................
 -------- of any other fort -    -     -     -
 Mafts. See Wood.
 Mats of RulTia, the 100, viz.’
 --------------in fhipping of the United Kingdom
 --------------in foreign (hipping •
 Matting, the yard, viz.
 -------of Barbary or Portugal -       -     -
 -------Dutch or Holland -
 ■   — not particularly enumerated or defcribed, for
           every £. 100 of the value Mattrafles, for every £.100 of the value Maw Seed. See Seed.
 Mead, the gallon ------
 Meal. See reference in Corn.
 Medals, for every £.100 of the value -
 ■       and further if of gold or filver, the oz. troy
  Medlars, the bufhel -MelafTes, the cwt. viz.
  ----— of the produce of the Britifh colonies or
           plantations in America, or the Weft Indies -             -
  - — of the produce of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.)
  --------of the produce of any other place
  Melting Pots for Goldfmiths. See Pots.
  Mercury, Precipitate, or Sublimate, the lb.
  Metal, viz.
  ---- Bell Metal, the cwt. -
  ■■■ ■■- Leaf Metal (except of leaf gold or filver,) the packet of 250 leaves . -
£. s. .
 o
 o
 1\
 3t
 5 4 5 4
 0   7
                                                                 4
 5 4
 1   o 1 8
054
o 10 5 013
o 9 9
003
Drawbacks.
046
O32
OOIO
059
009
OOI
o o si
003
008
0181 018 I
005
003
16 13 4 16 13 4
005
16 13 4 010 016
041
  #
092
Oil
060
003
 Go gle
•*h
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. 647
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Metal, prepared for battery, for every £.100 of the value -------
 Metheglin, the gallon .....
 Mill Boards. See Paper.
 Millet Seed. See Seeds.
 Millinery Wares, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, for every £.ioq of the value *                            -     -
 ■    ■ ■------and a further duty by the lb. or by the
                 yard, on the materials of which fuch millinery wares (hall be made, according to the refpe&ive rates to which fuch materials are fubjedt, Mill Stones. See Stones.
 Mineral Water. See Water.
 Minerals and Foffils, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, for every £.100 of the value -Mink. Skins. See Skins.
 Mohair Yarn. See Camel Yarn, in Yam.
 Mole Sins. 7 c Cl.
 Mooli Skins. { See Skms-Morells, the lb.
 Mofs, Rock Mofs, the ton of 20 cwt.
 Mother of Pearl Shells, for every£.joo of the value Mules, for every £.100 of the value -     -     -
 Mum. See Beer.
 Mufical Inftruments, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, for every £.100 of the value -Mu(k, the oz. troy -Muflin, Plain, White, the fquare yard,
 ■» —----- ----------— having been imported by the
                         United Company of Mer chants of England trading to the Eaft Indies ——--------------------not having been fo imported
 ■ —— being worked or figured, printed, painted,
           ftained, or dyed, Romals and all manufactures of Cotton, or of Cotton and Linen mixed, whether plain, printed, painted, ftained, or dyed, not being particularly enumerated or defcribed, for every £ 10c of the value -«■   — And further for every fquare yard thereof,
            If the fame had been imported by the United Company of Merchants o! England trading to the Eaft Indies -
 ——--------Not having been fo imported *
 Mufqusfh Skins. See Skins.
 Muftard Seed. See Seed.
£•
20 5
 o o
33 0 0
Duties. Drawbacks.'
 d.
 4
 7
                                       £. s. d. 16 13 4 005
29 8 o
20 5 4
 0   1 io|
 1   13 11 20 5 4 20 5 4
33 .0 0
 O 3 I a
O 2 II
O49
20 5 4
 0 2 1 O 2 11
16 13 4
 o i 7* 018   1
 16 13 4
 16 13 4
                                        29 8 o 025
028
046
16 13 4
 0 2 1 O 2 IX
Go gle
                                                             Original from >
                                                     NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY

 648 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georg 11 III. c. 18. [1805.
 SCHEDULE (A)—INWARDS.
 .Mutton, as Provifions. Myrrh, the lb. -
 N.
 Napkining. See Linen.
 Natural Balfam. See Balfam.
 Neats’ Tongues. See Tongues.
 Necklaces of Glafs. See Bracelets.
 Needles, as Hardware.
 Neft Boxes. See Boxes.
 Nets, Fifhing, old, free.
 Newland or Newfoundland Fifh, See Fifh. Nicaragua Wood. See Wood.
 Nitrum, as Saltpetre. -Nutmegs, the lb.
 ---------Candied, the lb.    -
 ---------Oil of. See Oil
 Nuts, viz.
 ----- Cafhew, for every £.100 of the value -
   ■ ■ Cheftnuts, the bufhel -
 ----- Piftachia Nuts, the lb. -
 -— Small Nuts, the bufhel --— Walnuts, the bufhel -Nux Vomica, the lb. -
                        O.
 Oak, viz.
 — —  Bark. See Bark.
 ----- Boards. See Boards, in  Wood.
 ----- Knees. See Knees of Oak, in Wood.
 .- Plank. See Wood.
 ----- Timber. See Wood.
 Oakum, the cwt. -Oars. See Wood.
 Oats and Oatmeal. See reference in Corn. Oil, viz. '
 —• of Almonds, the lb.           -
 —   of Amber, the lb. -        -
 ---of Annifeed, the lb. -
 —--of Caraway Seeds, the lb. ----of Caftor, the lb. -
 ---of Cinnamon, the oz. troy -
 ---of Cloves, the lb.
 —         Fifh Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.
 ---of Hempfeed, the tun of 252 gallons -
 —   of JefTamine, the lb.         -
 —   of Juniper, the lb.
 —   of Linfeed, the tun of 252 gallons
 Duties.
Drawbacks.
 £. S. .
 O O IO
Go gle
o
o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 O s
 o 10 %
£. s. d.
009
1

3 0   021    
1 2   Oil    
0 0   29 8 0 
2 6   02a    
0 5   -o 0 4 
1 ioi 0 1 5i 
* 3   0 0 11 
1 6   014    

006
 1
 o
 3
 5

 7»
 >4
 6
                                       970 026 001 16 10 10
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 2
 o
 o
 3
 3
 2
 9
 2|
 9*
 7i
 oi
 6
                                               810
                                               O III
                                              000 14 II JO
             Original from NEW YORK PUBLIC LI!
                                                             /

I
7-805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. 649
              SCHEDULE (A.)---INWARDS.                Duties.  Drawbacks. 
Oil, continued, viz.                                  £. s.    £. s.      
---- of Mace, the lb. - -                              .0 3 10    036     
---- of Marjoram, the lb. -                           0 I ll|         o I 
--- of Nutmegs, the lb. -                                  069    039     
--- of Oranges, the lb. -                                0 2 2   0 1 10   
---ordinary Oil of Olives, a£ Seville, Minorca,                    i      
Majorca, Apuglia, Provence, and Portugal,                                 
and all other ordinary Oil of Olives, the tun                             
of 252 gallons ; viz.                                                     
Kingdom -                                                8 6 7   6 1 11   
--- -in foreign fhipping                                9 4 10    702     
             --- Palm, the cwt. - - • _                 0 11 3    0911    
--- of Rapefeed, the tun of 252 gallons               16 10 10  13 19 1   
--- of Rofemary, the lb. -                               0 1 3    Oil     
--Sallad Oil, the gallon ; viz.                                           
--imported in fhipping of the United                                      
Kingdom -                                                  022    020     
--in foreign fhipping , -                             O 3 2|      030     
--of Safiafras, the lb. - . -                            0 r 8    012     
- Seal-oil, as Train Oil.                                                 
  ---- Seed Oil, not particularly enumerated or de¬                       
fer i bed, the tun of 252 gallons                         8160       16 0 
--- of Thyme, the lb.                                 0 1 11-| Hfo        
                                                               O'         
                                                               M          
                                                               O          
       ---- of Turpentine, the 100 lbs. - , -           1 11 3   i 10 9   
--- of Vitriol, the 100 lbs. -                          1 0 10   1 0 10   
---    of Walnuts, the gallon                              022    018     
---    Whale. See Train Oil. *                                          * 
- all other Oils, being chemical Oils, not parti¬                         
cularly enumerated or deferibed, for every                                
/. 100 of the value -                                        O   29 8 0   
------ or Blubber from Fifh, the tun of 252 gallons ;        O        * 1 
viz.                                                                      
       --- Blubber of Newfoundland, of the fifhing of                     
             the United Kingdom, or of the filhing of                     
Newfoundland - - - -                                  CO       c          
Blubber of any other fort, of the fifhing of          0        0          
                                                               0          
the United Kingdom - '                                    on 7 000        
- ------of foreign fifhing                              23 2 0 16 2 0     
 ------ Fifh Oil or Train Oil, of the filhing of the  %                   
United Kingdom -                                        0 17 4 OOO        
-----of foreign fifhing                                 23 2 0 16 2 0     
---- Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, of fifhing of the                     
United Kingdom - . * -                                     262    OOO     
--------of foreign fifh-                                                  
ing                                                     24 5 1  16 18 I   
For the conditions and regulations under                                  
which Oil or Blubber of Whales, and                                       
Sea Oil, may be imported, under the                                       

   
                            ✓
             Original from v NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY

 6$o Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgh III. c. 18
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
            duties impofed on fuch articles of Britilh fifhing or taking, fee this a£t.
 Oil Cloth. See Linen.
 Oker or Ochre, the bufhel -        -     - * -
 Olibanum or Inccnfe, the cwt. -Olive Oil. See Oil.
 ■  - Wood. See Wood.
 Olives, the hoglhead of 63 gallons Onion Seed. See Seed.
 Onions, the bulhel     -       -       -      -
 Open Tapes as Haberdalhery.
 Opium, the lb.                 -       -      -
 Opoponax.’ See Gum.
 Orange Flower Water, the gallon
 Oranges, the 1000                         -----
 ---------Juice.  See Juice of Lemons and Oranges.
 -  ■ ----Peel. See Cortex.
 Orchal, the cwt.      -
 Orchelia or Archelia, the cwt. «
 Ore, viz.
 -- Copper. See Copper.
 ■ ■1 ■ Gold, free.
 —— Iron. See Iron.
 —— Lead. See Lead.
 -    Silver, free.
 ----not particularly enumerated or defcribed, for
        every £. 100 of the value -Organzine Silk. See Silk.
 Origanum, the lb. -            -
 ■■        Oil of, as Oil of Thyme in Oil.
 Orpiment or Auripigmentum. See Arfenick.
 Orris Root. See Iris Root.
 Orfedew or Frofting, the lb.
 Oftrich Feathers. See Feathers.
 Otter Skins.
 Ounce
 Outnal Thread. See Thread.
 Ox Hair, Hides, and Horns. See Hair, Hides, Horns.
 Oxen. Sec Cattle.
                                                       P.
 Pack Ducks. See Drillings in Linen.
 Packing Canvas. See Canvas in Linen.
 Pack Thread. See Thread.
 Paling Boards. See Boards in Wood.
 Pails or Kits of Wood, the dozen -       -
 Painted Paper, See Paper.

 Duties.
£• s.
 o
 o
  * 7
 11 8
 18 9
 0   7i 3 8
 1   iof
 »4 7
 6 11 S 6
20
 o
 5 4
 O 2f
 o 0 10
0 2?
Go gle
'• [1805.
Drawbacks.
£• *• d.
 0 12
 1 9 7
 2 l8 5
 004!
 O32
 o i 6i
 o 14 7
 052
 006
 16 13 4
 O O 2%
 0 0 8
Ol6
1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18.  651
              SCHEDULE (A.)---INWARDS.               Duties.  Drawbacks* 
Painters’ Colours,not particularly enumerated or de- £• s. d. £• r. d%   
      fcribed, for every ^.100 of the value -          20 5 4 16 13 4    
Paintings on Glafs, for every £.100 of the value -     33 0 0 29 8 0     
Painted Wares, not particularly enumerated or de¬      33 0 0 O          
fer ibed, for every £. 100 of the value                   1 , 00         
Palm Oil. See Oil.                                            O'         
Panthers’ Skins. See Skins.                                   N          
Pantiles. See Tiles.                                                     
Paper; viz. ^                                                            
- for and upon every lb. weight avoirdupois,                             
--of all Paper fit or proper, or that may be                             
ufed for, or applied to, the ufes and                                    
purpofesof writing, drawing, and print¬                                  
ing, or any of them, and of all Elephant                                 
Paper, and of all Cartridge Paper                         009 OS         
■ --- of all coloured Papers and Whited Brown                 O          
Papers, other than except Elephant and                        O          
Cartridge Papers, fit or proper for the                                  
ufe or purpofe of wrapping up goods,                                     
and not fit or proper, or capable of be¬                                 
ing ufed for or applied to, the ufes or                                  
purpofes of writing, drawing, and print¬                                 
ing, or any of them - - -                                 006 006        
■ ■ --- of Brown Paper fit and proper for the ufe    %                   
and purpofe of wrapping up goods, and                                    
not fit or proper, or capable of being                                   
ufed for, or applied to, the ufes or pur¬                                
pofes of writing, drawing, and printing,                                 
or any of them, and of all Button Paper                                  
or Button Board -                                         003 O          
--- - ■ of Paper fit or proper, or capable of being           O          
for, or applied to, the ufes or purpofes                                 
of paper hangings -                                  O        O          
■ for every hundred weight,                          O        O          
.......of Pafteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard,                         
and paper commonly called by the name                                    
of fheating or (heathing paper -                          200 200        
■ of glazed Paper for clothiers and hotpreflers           100 100        
--- Gold Paper, the fmall grofs -                         086 048        
-Hangings, for every fqqare yard                          008 005        
■ --- of all forts, whether plain, printed, painted, l                   
         ftained, or dyed, and not particularly enu¬                     
       merated or deferibed, for every lb. -              010 010        
Parchment, the dozen of 12 fliects                        290 170        
Pafteboards, or Millboards. See Paper, .                                 
Paving Tiles. See Tiles.                                                 
Pearl Afhes, as Afhes.                                                   
Pearl or hulled Barley, the cwt. -                   0 13 G   0 12 4!    
Pearls. See Jewels.                                                      
Go gle
            Original from ' -s' NEW YORK PUBLIC L.TBRAR'
      f t %
 652 Anno regnl quadragefimo quinto Georgti TIL c. 18. [1805.
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Pearl Shells. See Mother of Pearl Shells.
 Pears, the bufhel    -    -      -    • -
 ■ --- dried, the bufhel    -       -     -
 Peas. See Corn.
 -----if for fowing, free.
 Pellitory, the lb.   -    -      -
 Pelts. See Skins.
 Pencils, for every £.100 of the value Pens, for every £.100 of the value Pepper, the lb. viz.
 ■ -----black or white, of the Eaft Indies
 •        Cayenne                            ------
 -■  - Guinea -
 -----—long - .           -       ~
 Perfumed Oil, as Chemical Oil.
 Perfumery, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, for every £. 100 of the value Perry, the tun of 252 gallons -Peruvianus Cortex. See Cortex.
 Pewter, old, for every /. 100 of the value Pickled Cucumbers. See Cucumbers.
 Pickles, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, for every j£.ioo of the value Pi&ures and Pidture Frames, for every £.100 of the value                 -        -        -        -
 Pig Iron. See Iron.
 —   Lead. See Lead. .
 Pill Boxes. See Boxes.
 Pimento, the lb. viz,
 —   ------of the Britifh Plantations
 ■■ ■ -----not of the Britifh Plantations
 Pink Root, for every £.100 of the value Pins. See Haberdafhery.
 Pipe Boards. See Boards in Wood.
 Pittachia Nuts. See Nuts.
 Pitch, the laft of 12 barrels, each barrel of 31$ gallons, viz.
 ■     ot the produce of any of the dominions or plan-
        taiions of the crown of the United Kingdom
 —     of the produce of the United States of America.
        See Schedule (B.)
 ■  ■- of the produce of any other place
       -----imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -
            ----------in foreign (hipping
 —— Burgundy or Rhinehurlt, the cwt.
 Planks. See Wood.
 Plants and Trees. Free.
 Flatter of Paris, the cwt. -
 Duties.
£- i. d.       
0  1  8  O  I  
0  1  2  0  0  
0  0  21 0  0  
20 5  4  16 *3 
20 5  4  16 x3 
0  1     0  1  
0  3  *4 0  2  
0  0  5  0  0  
0  0  5  0  0  
33 0  0  29 8  
12 12 0  12 12 
20 5  4  l6 x3 
33 0  0  29 8  
33 0  0  29 8  
 O O O O
33 °
 3
 4 o
 o 18 5
Drawbacks.
 2*
 4-
 4
 9t
 o
 o
                                        003
                                        003 29 8 o
 o 14 9
1 1 8 O 18 0  
1 2 6 0 18 10 
0 9   0 8     
0 0 7 0 0  6  
Go gle
1805.1 Anno regni quadragefimo qulnto Georgti TIL c. 18. 655
               SCHEDULE (A )---INWARDS.                Duties. Drawbacks. 
Plate, viz.                                            £. *•   £• s. .    
-battered, fit only to be remanufa&ured, free as                          
bullion.                                               %                  
-of Gold wrought, for every ^.100 of the value         16 16 2 16 16 2    
-further, for every oz. troy thereof                     082   0 e 4      
-of Silver gilt, part gilt, or ungilt, for every                          
£.100 ofthe value -                                    16 6 2  16 6 2     
■■ further, for every oz. troy thereof                                    
--if gilt -                                                               
--if part gilt                                         012     009        
--if ungilt                                            0 1 1   009        
      Plated Wares, not particularly enumerated or de- 0 1 0   009        
                 fcribed, for every £.100 of the value 20 5 4  16 13 4    
          And further, for every oz. troy of           1                  
                 plate thereon - - -                     009   009        
Platters of Wood, the dozen ,                            009   006        
Platting or other manufaftures of Baft, Straw, Chip,   33 0 0           O 
Cane, or Horfehair, to be ufed in, or proper                           00 
for making hats or bonnets, for every £.100                            O' 
of the value -                                                         cs 
Plumbs, dried, as Groceries.                                              
Polonia Wool, as Spanifh. See Wool.                                       
Pomatum, the lb. -                                       Oil   009        
            Porrtfgranates, the 1000 - - -              .126   0 14 2     
---Peels, the cwt. -                                   0 9 11  065        
Pomice Stones. See Stones.                             O                  
Poppy-heads, or Capita Papaverum, the 1000             CO      0 I Iii    
Porcelane.v See China.                                                    
Pork, as Provifions.                                                      
Pot Alhes, as Afhes.                                                      
Potatoes, as Provifions.                                                  
Pots, viz.                                                                
-melting Pots for goldfmiths, the'i00 -                0 2 3t  0 1 1*     
-of ftone, for every £.100 of the value                44 0 0  40 8 0     
Poultry, as Provifions.                                                   
Powder. See Gunpowder, Hair Powder, Sago                                  
Powder.                                                                   
Precious Stones. See Jewels.                                              
Precipitate. See Mercury.                                                 
Prints of Paper, plain or coloured, for every £.100 of                    
the value                                              33 0 0  29 8 0     
Printers’ Ink. See Ink.                                   <               
Printing Letters or Types, the cwt.                    1 14 8  1 10 8     
Provifions, (not being groceries) not particularly                        
enumerated or described, for every £.100 of                    •          
the value - - - -                                      13 5 7  9 13 7     
Prunell Sal. See Sal.                                                     
Prunelloes, the lb. - - ^                              0 0 8J  , 0 0 5-J  
Prunes, the cwt. viz.                                                     
--imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom             068   042        
 Go gle
             Original from NEW YORK PUBLIC LI
*ARY
 654 Anno regniquadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 18. [1 805
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Prunes, imported in foreign (hipping Pfyllium, the lb.     -
 Pulfe, as Provifions.
 Pyrmont Water. See Water, Mineral.
          .            Q:
 Quaflia Wood. See Lignum Quaflia. Queenfborough Canvas. See Canvas in Linen. Quercitron, or Black Oak Bark. See Bark. Querne Stones. See Stones.
 Quickfilver, or Argentum Vivum, the lb. -Quinces, the 100      -
                        R.
 Racoon Skins. See Skins.
 Raddle, the barrel Radix, viz.
        Contrayerva, the lb.
        Enulse Campanae, or Efulae, the cwt. Eringii, the lb. -            '  .
        Ipecacuanha, the lb.
        Serpentariz, or Snake Root, the lb.
   Duties. Drawbacks. 
  £. s. d. £• *• •    
m 0 7 3    049        
- O O 24   O O 2i     
 Rags, old, of linen, fit only for making paper, free. Raifins, the cwt. viz.
 ■      Belvidere, imported in (hipping of the United
          Kingdom -
                ------—- in foreign (hipping
 ----— Denia, imported in (hipping of the United
          Kingdom -              -
                --------in  foreign (hipping
 —-— Faro, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom                 -
               --------in foreign (hipping
   ■ ■ - Lexia, imported in (hipping of the United
          Kingdom        -
               --------in foreign (hipping
 —— Lipari, imported in (hipping of the United
 Kingdom
 in foreign (hipping
 Smyrna, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom            -
         ---------in foreign (hipping
 of the Sun, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom ...
         ---------in foreign (hipping
 not particularly enumerated or defcribed, imported in (hipping Of the United Kingdom            -               « -
         ■ ■ ■  - in foreign (hipping
O I   I  0 1  1   
O I   6  0 1  3   
0 I   10 0 1  8.  
0 0   ”4 0 0  Hi  
0 10  0  0 10 0   
0 0      0 0      
0 2   84 0 2  44  
0 I   3  0 1  2   
0 18  *4 0 16 CO  
0 18  4  0 16 11  
0 16  6  0 15 2   
0 16  H  0 15 4i  
0 18  Ij 0 16 00  
0 18  4  0 16 11  
0 18  9? 0 16 ni  
0 !9  ok 0 17     
0 18  14 0 16 00  
0 18  4  0 16 11  
I I   34 1 0  Si  
I I   °4 1 0  IO| 
I 4   45 1 1  74  
I 10  0  1 8  3   
0 16  6  0 15 2   
0 16  n  0 15 4 i 
Go gfe
 i*'
 I
 L
 i
 S
u
1
hi
> \
ML
n
i

 I

 h‘
  :
 *
n
 i
1805.'} Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii Ilf. c. 18. 655
                SCHEDULE (A.)---INWARDS.                  Duties.  Drawbacks* 
Rape Seed and Oil. See Seed, Oil.                         £. S.    £. s, .    
-of Grapes, for every £. 100 of the value                  20 5 4  16 13 4    
RatiEa. See Cordial Water in Spirits.                                         
Rattans. See Canes.                                                           
'Raw Linen Yarn and Silk. See Yarn Silk.                                      
Razors, the dicker of 10 razors -                           069    062        
Red Lead. See Lead.                                       \ * p *■            
■ - - Wood. See Wood.                                                         
Wool. See Wool.                                                               
Reed Canes. See Canes.                                                        
Regulus, the cwt. -                                        0 9 11  060        
Refina Jalappae, for every £.100 of the value              33 0 0  29 8 0     
Rhinehurft Pitch. See Pitch.                              #                   
Rhodium Lignum. See Lignum.                                                   
Rhubarb, the lb.                                                              
Ribband, the lb. of 16 oz. viz.                            0 2 11  023        
--of Silk -                                               7 3 0    706        
...... of Gold, or Silver, or both                        891      8 1 1      
Rice, the cwt. -                                           0 5 10  052        
---■ --- of the produce of the United States of America.     s     «          
                                        See Schedule (B.)                     
Roch Alum. Sec Alum.                                                          
Rock Mofs. See Mofs.                                                          
Romanum Vitriolum. See Copperas Blue.                                         
Ropes, viz.                                                                   
-of Baft. See Baft Ropes.                                                     
■    --- New. See Cordage.                                                    
---- Old. See Junk.                                                           
Rofe Copper. See Copper.                                                      
Rofe Leaves. See Leaves of Rofes.                                             
Rofemary, Oil of. See Oil.                                                    
Rofin, or Colofonia, the cwt. viz.                                            
■    of the dominions or plantations belonging to                             
the crown of the United Kingdom                             026               
----- not of the produce of any of the dominions or                0 2 2      
plantations belonging to the crown of the                          t •        
United Kingdom, imported in fhipping of                                       
the United Kingdom -                                       0 3 6*  0 3        
• ■■ --- --- in foreign fhipping                            039    0 3 5      
--------- of the produce of the United States of America.                     
See Schedule (B.)                                                             
Round Wood. See Wood.                                                         
Rubies. See Jewels. ,                                                         
Rum. See Spirits.                                                             
Rye, as Corn.                                                                 
                           S.                                                 
Sable Skins. See Skins.                                                       
    Saccharum Saturni, for every £.100 of the value -      33 0 0  29 8 0     
           ■ - v * • ft 4 F * v % • w . •* • *                                
NEV
                                                                                                                                 Origiral from
                                                                                                                              rORK PUBLIC
JBRARY
 656 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 1
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Safflower, the lb. -         -     -      -    -
 Saffron, the lb. -          * .          -
 Sagapenum Gum. See Gum.
 Sago, viz.
 -----whole, the lb.       -      -
 ----powdered, for every £.100 of the value
 Sail Cloth; See Canvas in Linen.
 Sal, viz.
 ■ — Alkali, the lb.       -      -       -
 -----Ammoniacum, the lb.        -
 —— Cornu Cervi, the lb.
 —— Glauber, the cwt.            -      -       -
 -----Prunella, the lb.           -
 -----Succini, the lb.
 •— ■ Tartari, the lb.      -
 -■ — Volatile Ammoniacum, for every £.100 of the value                -        -
 Salcp or Salop, the lb.
 Sallad Oil. See Oil.
 Salt, viz.
 —— White, or Bay, the bufhel of 56 lbs.
 —— not Bay, the bufhel of 56 lbs. -—— Rock, the ton of 40 bufhels, each bufhel of v 65 lbs.
 ■ • - as to Salt from Great Britain. See this A<5h   Petre, the cwt.
 Sand Boxes. See Boxes.
 Sandrake Gum. See Gum.
 Sanguis Dracqnis, the lb.
 Sarcocolla Gum. See Gum.
 Sarfaparilla, the lb.
 SafTafras, the cwt.'        -     -      -
 -----— Oil. See Oil.
 Saunder’s or Sander’s Wood, viz.
 --------Red, the cwt. -
 --------White or Yellow, the lb.
 Scaleboard. See Paper.
 Scammony, the lb.                  -      •
 Scoops of Wood, the dozen -Scordium, the lb.               -
 Sculptured Marble. See Stones.
 Sea Cow Teeth, the lb.
 Sea Holly Roots, the cwt.       -
 Sea Horfe Teeth, the lb. -Sea Morfe Teeth, the lb.
 Seal Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.
 :---Skins. See Skins.
 Seeds, viz.
 —— Annifced, the cwt. -
 Duties.
£•
 O
 O
 o
33
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
33
 o
 o
 o
 3
 o
 S.   d.
 o 2
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 5
 o
 o It O 5 16 6
 0  31
 1 iof
 o 4
 o
 o
 o
 7*
 * 5
 2 o
 o o 0 3
 1  1
 4 o
 8  3
 o 8
 4
 1
 o
 5
 8
 0   10 12 1
 1   o O II
o 17 11
Go gle
 8. [1805.
 Drawbacks.
 £• s. d.
  0 0 2
  0 3 5
                                       OO4 29 8 0
 012 001* 005 o 9 10 o o 31 o 1 a* 003
29 8 o
 o o 5i
0 o n
010
034
009
001*
038
016
002
o 0*8
o 10 o
o Oil
O O IO
0 15 8
t
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. 657
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Duties.
 Seeds continued, viz.
 ----Canary Seed, the cwt.     -
 —   ■ Carraway, the cwt.
 •---Carthamus, the lb.
 ----Clover, the cwt. -        -
 ——• Cole, the quarter of 8 bufliels
 ----Coriander, the cwt.             -     -    -
 ----Cummin, the cwt.          -        -       -
 -----Fennel, the lb. -
 ■    Fenugreek, the cwt.      -
 »■ Garden Seed, or Foreft Seed, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, the lb. -             -
 —    Hemp Seed, free.
 —    Linfeed, dr Flax-feed, free.
 -----Lucern Seed, the cwt. -
 -----Maw, the cwt. -
 ....Millet, the cwt.      -
 -----Mutlard, the cwt.       -        -        -
 -----Onion, the cwt.       -
 —   — Pioni or Peoni, the lb.
 —- Rape, the quarter of 8 bufhels
 — Worm, the lb.           -              -
 ----not particularly enumerated or defcribed, and
                                                                            not being drugs, for every £.100 of the value
 —    Lac. See Gum Lac.
 ■ ---Oil. See Oil.
 Senna,the lb.       -
 Serpentaria Radix. See Radix.
 Shaven Latten. See Lattcn.
 Shaving for Hats. See Platting.
 Sheep, as Provifions.
 ------Skins. See Skins.
 Sheep’s Wool. See Wool.
 Sheet Lead. See Lead.
 Shell Lac. See Gum Lac.
 Shells, Mother-of-pearl. See in M.
 Ships, viz.
       Prize Ships, with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture (except Sails), for every 100 of the value -Shovels of Wood, unfhod, the dozen ShrufF, or old Brafs, fit only to be re-manu/a£lured, the cwt.               -
 Shumac, or Sumac, the cwt. -Silk, viz.
 ----- Knubs or Hulks of Silk, the lb. of 21 oz. -
       Lace. See Lace.
 -----Organzine, the lb. of 16 oz.
 —   — Raw, of Turkey, the lb. of 24 oz.
    Vol. XLV.                U u
£•
 I
 o
 o
 o
                                                                     s.
 6   3
 7 o
 7
 o 13
 o 7
 91
 31
 H
 2
 2i
o it 104
o O 2{
0 5 7i
003
 067 0166 o 3 10 024 018 7
 002 050 012
20 5 4
\
o o nj
Drawbacks.
5OO
042
O 12 10
o 3 I
006
038
026
o
o
o
 °i
 n
 5i
                                            £• S. d.
 1 3  5
    7 o
                                               4
                                            o q 11
                                            o 6 4i
 o 10 o o 24
 o 4 94-
                                            003
 0 3 7 012  9
 O 2 10 O I 10
 0 1*3 7 002 0 3 7
 Oil
16 13 4
 o 9
 3 5
0102
9 2 3*
 o 2 11 o in
Co gle
   *    Original from *
 NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
 658 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. [1805.
                                                                      SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Silk, Raw, of any other country, except hi' Majefty’s colonies or plantations, the lb. of 24 oz. ------------of theBritifh plantations, the lb. of 24 oz.
 —   — Thrown, dyed, the lb. of 16 oz.
       ■-------- undyed, the lb. of 16 oz.
 —    ■■ Wafte Silk not particularly enumerated or de-
         feribed, or otherwife charged with duty, the lb. of 16 oz. -
 -----Wrought, mixed withGold or Silver, or both,
         not particularly enumerated or deferibed, the lb. of 16 oz.
 -----Manufactures of all other forts, whether of Silk
         only, or mixed with any other materials, and not being particularly enumerated or de-feribed, the lb. of 16 oz.
 ■ Worm Gut, for every £. 100 of the value Silver Coin and Plate. See Coin, Plate.
                                                                                        Simarouba Cortex. See Cortex.
 Singing Birds. See Birds.
                                                                                          Sifter’s Thread. See Thread.
 Skeets for Whitfters, the (keet Skins, viz.
 -----Badger Skins, undrefled, the (kin
 —      Bafil. See Leather.
 —      Bear, undrefled, the (kin Beaver, undrefled, or Indian, half drefled,
         (kin, viz.
                                                                                                                     tations
       •  --------------of the United States of Ame-
                                                                                                   rica. See Schedule (B.)
       —■ ---------------of any  other place
       ----- if drefled in oil, a further duty, the lb. -
                                                                                  ■—— Buck or Deer. See Deer, in Skins.
 -----Calabar. See Squirrel.
                                                                       —— Calve in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way drefled, the dozen (kins,
       - — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -
             ----<r-----in foreign (hipping
       -----tanned, the lb.
       •    but if drefled in
               every lb.
 .....- Cat, undrefled, the 100 (kins -
                                                                                      — Coney, undrefled, the dozen (kins
 -----Cordivants, drefled, of Spain, the dozen
       -----——------—— of Turkey, the dozen -
 ■ Deer, undrefled, the (kin         -
       ----- drefled, tlie (kin  -
 oil, a further duty for
 Duties. Drawbacks. 
£. s.    £. s. d.   
     027 0 in       
     009 001        
     091 084        
     064 057        
     006     O      
             O      
         4*         
  7 13 9 7 II 2     
  5 13 4 5 II 2     
  20 5 4 16 13 4    
     002 0 0 2      
  0 0 11 O'         
         0          
         0          
     077 067        
   O         0      
   O         0      
     Oil 0 on       
     003 eo         
         0          
         O          
     012            
042      030        
     008 007        
     003 003        
    0164 0 14 1     
0 0 7 I- 0 0 5i     
1 2 0    0 16 10    
  0 19 6 0 16 7 #   
     004 002        
   0 1 1 0 0 11     

1                                                                              
       iSoj.J Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. 659           
SCHEDULE (A.)-INWARDS.                                Duties.  Drawbacks.      
                                Skins continued, viz. £. s. d. £. s. d.        
■ Deer, Indian, half drefled or ihaved, the ikin       0 0 ,4  0 0 2           
- ■ --- Dog in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any                          
way drefted, the dozen ikins,                                                  
-imported in Clipping of the United King-                                      
dom - ' -                                             008      0 0 6           
---------- in foreign fhipping                        010      O O IO          
             ■ Dog Fiih, undrefled, the dozen Ikins - 039      029             
-Elk Skins in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in                               
any way drefled, the (kin,                               •                     
the United Kingdom                                           O                 
--in foreign Clip-                                           O 0 0 1           
                                                            OO                 
ping -                                                0 i 0    to              
                                                               0               
                                                               0               
          ■ Ermine or Armin, undrefled, the timber of                          
                                       40 ikins ..... 0 16 8   0152            
--- Fiflier, undrefled, the ikin                      020      0 I 10          
•------ Fitches, undrefled, the ikin ...               0 0 at  0 O 2r          
- Fox, undrefled, the ikin -                          0 0 7-t  0 O 4i          
-Tails, for every ^.100 of the value                  33 0 0   29 8 0          
Goat, raw or undrefled, viz.                                                   
-imported in Clipping of the United King-                                      
dom, the dozen -                                      0 1 10   002             
          1 t ■---«--- in foreign Clipping, the dozen 090      074             
-tanned, the dozen -                                  289      245             
-but if drefled in oil, a further duty, the lb.       004      004             
■ Hare, undrefled, the 120 ikins                      046      016             
------ Huffe, undrefled, the ikin -                   003      003             
- ■■ Kid in the hair, the 100 ikins                   Oil                      
-drefled, the 100 ikins ...                            1 17 6  1 13 8          
------ Lamb, undrefled, in the wool, the 120 ikins    0 7 10   0 4 0           
-drefled in alum, fait, or meal, the 100                                       
Ikins -                                                 126    0 19 6          
------ drefled in oil, the 100 ikins                  2 12 10  2 0 10          
-and further for every lb. -                          007      007             
■ Slink, undrefled, in the wool, the 120              027      0 in            
--- Leopard, undrefled, the ikin ...                  0 10 2   091             
-----Lion, undrefled, the ikin ...                    042      0 3 9           
------ Marton or Martron, undrefled, the timber of       1                     
40 ikins -                                            3 16 10  3 12 6          
--Tails, undrefled, the 120                           0136     0 12 2          
------ Minever, the mantle ....                         047    04a             
------ Mink, undrefle^, the timber of 40 ikins         1 14 4  1 2 IO          
-tawed, the timber of 40 ikins*                       * 1 19 9 i 9 9           
-Mole, undrefled, the dozen -                           004    003             
------ Moofe, undrefled, the ikin -                     041                    
                                                               j #             
------ Mufquaih, undrefled, the 100 ikins              I O 4-  0183            
• Otter, undrefled, the ikin ...                       0 2 5   0 in            
-Ounce, undrefled, the ikin -                           O54                  0 
u v 2                                                                       cc 
It Go gle                                             Original from m'         
                                                      NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY  
66o Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. [1805.
               SCHEDULE (A)---INWARDS.                Duties. Drawbacks. 
Skins continued, viz.                                 jC* d-  £. s. d.   
--Panther, undrefled, the (kin -                      084     0 7 3      
--- Pelts of Goats, undrefled, the dozen -            0 2 2   0 1 10     
--- drefled, the dozen                                0 3 10  0 3 7      
-of all other forts, undrefled, the 100 -             0124    0 10 11    
--Racoon, undrefled, the 100 (kins                    I 10 2  0 19 4     
-Sable, undrefled, the (kin -                         045     0 3 10     
.....--- Tails or Tips of Sable, undrefled, the                          
piece                                                 009     007        
------ Seal in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any 0 0 2   008        
way dreflfed, imported in (hipping of the             O O IO  /          
United Kingdom, the (kin - -'                                            
--- ■■ -■ ■■---■--- in foreign (hipping, the (kin                        
For the conditions and regulations under                                 
which Seal Skins may be imported under                                   
the duties impofed on fuch (kins of Britifh                              
(idling or taking. See this Adt.                                         
------ Sheep, undrefled, in the wool, the dozen (kins 0 I 10  0 1 5      
---drefled in oil, tanned, or tawed, the                                 
dozen (kins -                                         065     063        
--and further, as drefled in oil, for every                              
10 lbs. -                                             006     006        
------ Squirrel or Calabar, undrefled, the timber of                     
40 (kins - - - -                                      034     027        
- ■-------■ ------ - tawed, the timber of 40                             
(kins . -                                             045     0 3 1      
                      the value                       33 0 0  29 8 0     
--- Swan, undrefled, the (kin -                       016     013        
-Tyger, undrefled, the (kin -                         0 / 5 0 039        
■ Weafel, undrefled, the 120 (kins                    042     016        
--- Wolf, undrefled, the (kin -                       0 8 10  072        
--tawed, the (kin -                                   0 12 4  0 11 0     
---Wolverings, undrefled, the (kin                    052     048        
And alfo fuch of the (kins herein-before enu¬                            
merated, except thofe which arc particularly                             
provided for, as tanned or drefled in oil, (hall                         
be fubjedt to the following further duties, viz.                         
--if tanned, for every 10 lbs. -                      cs co   O O        
■ if drefled in oil, for every lb.                    M O     O          
Skins and Pieces of Skins, not particularly enume¬    0 0                
rated or deferibed, whether undrefled, or             _1                 
tanned, tawed, or in any way drefled, for                                
every £.100 of the value -                            0       29 8 0     
                                                      0                  
                                                      CO                 
                   10 lbs. - - - -                    012     012        
       ■ ■ - ■ --- if drefled in oil, the lb.         003     003        
Slate Pencils, for every £.100 of the value -         20 5 4  16 13 4    
Slates in Frames. See Stones.                                            
     
 I
 4
1S05.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. i8i 661
             SCHEDULE (A.)---INWARDS.              Duties.  Drawbacks. 
Slick Stones. See Stones.                          £. s. d.      £• d. 
Smalts, free.                                                          
Smyrna Raifins. See Raifins.                                           
Snake Root. See Radix Serpentariae.                                    
Snuff, the lb. -                                    O 2 Si        024' 
--See alfo Schedule (B.)                                               
--- Boxes. See Boxes.                                                  
Soap, viz.                                                             
-Alhes. See Allies.                                                    
-- Hard, the cwt. -----                             1 5 3        1 2 9 
-Soft, or Black Soap, for every j£-ico of the                          
value - - -                                         3 i9 2         072 
Socotorina Aloes. See Aloes.                                           
Spa Ware, for every £.100 of the value              33 0 0      29 8 0 
--- Water, as Mineral Water, in Water.                                 
Spanilh Wool. See Wool.                                                
Spars. See Wood.                                                       
Spelter, the cwt. - - - - -                         0 16 6      0 12 9 
Spermaceti, viz.                                                       
-----Fine, the lb.                                   016         0 1 5 
--------See alfo Candles, Oil.                                         
Spirits, the gallon, viz.                                              
•---- Arquebufade -                                  094           091 
-Arrack - -                                          094           091 
--Brandy, imported in (hipping of the United                           
Kingdom -                                            091        0 8 10 
-----in foreign (hipping                             OlOI         0910 
------ Citron Water or other Cordial Water, not    \                   
particularly enumerated or defcribed,                                  
• imported in (hipping of the United                                   
. Kingdom -                                        094             091 
■■ --- in foreign (hipping                         0 10 4         0101 
Kingdom -                                          090          0 8 10 
•------- in foreign (hipping                       0 10 0         0910 
--------- of Hartfhorn, for every 100 of the value 33 0 0       29 8 0 
- Hungary Water -                                  094             091 
- Lavender Water -                                 094             091 
------ Rum, of the growth, produce, or manufac-                        
ture of his Majelly’s colonies or plantations       0 7 3          071 
■ . Rumor Spirits of the produce of the Britilh                        
plantations may be warehoufed without                                  
payment of duty, under certain conditions                              
and regulations.                                                       
   ■ ■ ■■ not of his Majefty’s polonies or planta¬                     
                tions, imported in (hipping of the                     
United Kingdom - * -                                0 10 0        0910 
\ 1                                                 0 11 0      0 10 9 
«
Go gle
                                                           Original from
                                                  NEW YORK*PUBLIC LIBRARY
 662 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. i8. [1805,
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Spirits continued, viz.
 -----— all other Spirits, not particularly enumerated
           or deferibed,
        ----------------imported in (hipping of the
                 .         United Kingdom
                        —--------in foreign fhip-
                                   Pi°g .
        And for and upon every gallon of Spirits, called Brandy, Geneva, and Rum, above the quality of Single Spirit?, an additional duty for fuch Spirits to be paid in proportion to the duties payable for Single Spirits of the like denomination, according to the comparative degree of ftrength which they fhall bear to Single Spirits of the like denomination.
 Spiritus Vitrioli. See Oil of Vitriol.
 Spokes for Wheels. See Wood,
 Sponge-, the lb. -       -    -
 Spouts of Wood, for every £.100 of the value -
 Spruce, viz.
 -------Beer. See Beer.
 ■    — Efience of, for every jT. 100 of the value -
 -------Canvas. See Canvas, in Linen.
 Squills, the cwt. -
 Squirrels’ Skins. See Skins.
 Stags’ Horns. See Horns.
 Stained Paper. See Paper.
 Starch, the cwt.
 -------may be imported free of duty, under certain
           conditions and regulations.
 Stavefacre, the cwt.
 Staves. See Wood.
 Steel, the cwt. viz.
 ■ ---Gad Steel -
 —;— Long Steel -                  -
 -----Wire. See Wire.
 ----Wifp ------
 Stibium. See Antirr.onium preparatum.
 Stick Lac. See Gum Lac.
 Stock Filh. See Fifh.
 Stockings, for every £.ipo of the value, viz.
 ----:----Cotton, Thread, or Worfted
 Stocks for Anchors. See Anchor Stocks, in Wood. Stone Bottles. See Bottles.
 Stones, viz.
 -------Blood Stones, the lb. -
 ——— Burrs for Mill Stones, the 100 •— ■ ■ Bulls. See Sculptured Marble.
 Duties.
Drawbacks.
£. s. d.
 0 9 3 O 10 3
44 o o
022
1 9 1
£. s. d.
 090 0 10 o
0  I  3  O  0  11 
20 5  4  16 *3 4  
20 5  4  l6 13 4  
0  3  4  0  3  •4 
0  12 10 0  11 7  
0  17 11 0  *3 3  
0  11 0  0  9  0  
0  6  8  0  4  10 
0  6  11 0  4  11 
40 8 0
o 1 8
097
Go gle
                                                                            V* f 
    1S05.] Anno regni qiiadragefimoqninto Georgii III. c.        18. 663         
                               SCHEDULE (A.)---INWARDS. Duties.  Drawbacks*      
-                                                       t . .                    
    . Stones continued, viz.                            £. s. d. £. s. d.        
    --Dog Stones, not exceeding 4 feet in diamc-                                 
             ter, above 6 inches and under 12 inches in                        1 
             thicknefs, the laft of three pair          0182             0 11 10 
0   --Emery Stones, the cwt. -                          Oil                  010 
    --Filtering Stones, for every 100 of the                                     
0                                         value - - - - 20 s 4           16 13 4 
    --Flag Stones, the ioo fquare feet                  0166                 089 
    -Flint for Potters, the ton of 20 cwt.              Oil                  Oil 
    --Grinding Stones, the chalder,of 30 cwt. "         042                0 3 5 
    --Marble Blocks, for every IOO of the value         20 5 4           16 13 4 
    ----Mill Stones, above 4 feet in diameter, or if                             
    12 inches in thicknefs or upwards, the                                       
    piece ------                                        0 19 6               075 
    -Pomice Stones, the ton of 20 cwt. -                1 5 0              1 5 0 
    ------- Quern, not exceeding 6 inches in thicknefs,                      ■ y 
                           the laft of three pair, viz.                          
    --under 3 feet in diameter                          078                  ©S3 
I   --3 feet and not above 4 feet in                                             
4   diameter -                                          1 9 11             1 5 1 
4                          for every £.100 of the value 33 0 0            29 8 0 
    ----not exceeding 12 inches in                                           * ■ 
4 j length                                              oil      O               
                                                                 O               
                                                                 O               
    ------exceeding 12 inches in                                                 
    length                                              022      0 III           
    - ...--- Slick, the 100 ftones - - -                0 5 2’   0 4 Qi          
1   --Whet, the 100 ftones - -                          0 3 °    0 2 8           
    Storax or Stvrax, Calamita, and Liquida, the lb.    0 0 10   0 0 8           
    Straw Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.                                             
I   --Platting. See Platting.                                    .               
    Stuffs of all forts made of or mixed with Wool, not                          
         particularly enumerated or deferibed, the yarr 077      0 5 10          
i   And if mixed with Silk, for every lb. a further                              
1                 duty by the lb. as Silk Manufactures.                          
                v Succades or Succards, the lb, - - , - 0 1 3    Oil.,           
    Succini Sal. See Sal.                                                        
    Succinum. See Amber.                                         T               
    Succus Liquoritiae or Liquorice Juice or Ball, the                           
    cwt. - - - - -                                      231!     i *9 71         
    Sugar, the cwt. viz.                                                         
    ------ not being of the Britifh plantations ;                                
    White - -                                           3 H ,2’  3 J4 2r         
    - ■ --- --- t ---»• Brown or Mufcovado              2 9 S\   r 2 9 5t        
    ■■ --- - of the Britifh plantations ;                                        
    ----------White -                                   I 10 II* i r _           
    ------Brown or Mufcovado                            166*     I _             
               * A drawback is allowed by temporary a£h 3                        
                                                                   Original from 
    ^ , Go gle                                          NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY  
               »
664 Anno regni quadragcfuno quinto Georgii III. c. 18. fi805.
                                        SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Sugar continued, viz.
           on the due exportation from Ireland of Britifh plantation Sugar in the fame (late as imported, and bounties are given on refined Sugar made thereof, and Britifh plantation Sugar is allowed to be warehoused in Ireland, of the growth, produce, or manufa&ure of the Eaft: Indies, having been imported into England by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, for every 100 of the value thereof, Britifh currency, according to the grofs price at which fuch Sugar (hall have been publicly fold at the Eaft India Company’s fale in London -—— and further, for every cwt. of fuch Sugar
   -----Candy, the cwt. viz.
        -------brown -
        -■ ■■ white -                      -
   -----refined, of all other forts, the cwt. -
   Sugar Moulds, the 100    -       -       -
   Sulphur Vivum, the cwt.              ...
   Swan Skins. See Skins.
   Swefet Wood, See Wood.
   Sword Blades, the dozen, viz.
   -------------fine -
   —-------------coarfe -
                                                     T.
 •
  Tacamahaca Gum. See Gum.
  Tale, green, or white, the lb.         -
                               TuHow, the cwt. -----
  -------Candles.  See Candles.
  Tamarinds, the lb. -          -       -      -
  Tanners’ Wafte, for every £.100 of the value Tapes, as Haberdafherv Wares.
 • Tapeftry, not of Silk, for every ,£.iOO of the value Tapioca, the lb.        -
  Tar, the laft of 12 barrels, each barrel of 314 gallons, viz.
          ----of ihe produce of any of the dominions
                 or plantations of the crown of the United Kingdom - ■ -— of the produce of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.)
 Duties.
£' d.
Drawbacks.

45 1  2  45 L  2  
0  5  2  0  5  2  
4  12 9  4  12 9  
7  8  4y 7  8  4r 
7  8  4t 7  8  4* 
0  *3 2  0  11 4  
0  10 10 0  9  11 
            %     
0  12 6  0  9  5  
0  8  4  0  6  3  
0  0  3! 0  0  3i 
0  1  10 0  1  10 
0  0  3! 0  0     
20 5  4  16 13 4  
33 0  0  29 8  0  
0  0  3! 0  0  H  
0  15 0  0  12 1  
Go Sle
 Ori
r
M
1S05.] Anno regni qnadragefimo qtfinto Georgii III. c. 18. 665
 SCHEDULE (A.)-INWARDS.
 Tar continued, viz.
      --------of the produce of any other place ;
      --------------imported in fhipping kof the
   „                    United  Kingdom
      ■-----------------——---in foreign ftiipping
 —    Barbadoes, the lb.
 Tares, for every £. 100 of the value
 Tarras, the bufhel -
 Tartar, Cream of. See Cream of Tartar.
 Tartari Sal. See Sal.
 Tea, viz.
 ----imported from Great Britain, having been
        purchafed at any of the fales of the Eaft India Company in London, for lefs than 2 6 Britifh, the lb. avoirdupois, for every £.100 of the value thereof, according to fuch price — imported from Great Britain, having been purchafed at any of the fales of the Eaft India Company in London, for 2x. 6 Britifti, the lb. avoirdupois or upwards, for every £.100 of the value thereof, according to fuch price Teafels, the 1000
 Telefcopes, for every £.100 of the value -Terra, viz.'
 ----- Japonica, for every 100 of the value
 •  ■— Umbra, the cwt.
 -----Verda, for every £.100 of the value
 Thermometers, for every £100 of the value Tholoufe Woad. See Woad.
 Thread, viz.
 ------- Bruges or Bridges, the dozen lbs. -
 —   --- Cotton, for every 100 of the value
 — ---- Gold and Silver Thread, the lb.
 —  1 Outnal, the dozen lbs. -   Pack Thread, the 100 lbs.
 —   ■— Sifter's Thread, the lb. -    Whited-brown Thread, the dozen lbs.
   - not particularly enumerated or deferibed, for every £.100 of the value Thrown Silk. See Silk.
 Thyme Oil. See Oil.
 Ticks”* }as Manufactures of Flax, in Linen.
 Tiffanies of Silk. See Silk Manufaftures.
 Tiles, viz.
 ---- Flanders Tiles, the 1000 -
 —— Galley Tiles, the footfquare ---- Pan Tiles, the 1000
 —    Paving Tiles, the icoo, viz.
      —----------not exceeding 10 inches fquare
 Duties.
Go gle
£■ '■ i-
 o
 o
 o
*3
 o
 I.
 0
 1
 16  61
 17  6
  o
  5 7 o 6
2i
Drawbacks.
                                                                                                                                                                               S• dm
o 13 7i
o 14 7
0 o 2I 9 13 7 004
51 h     0 48 4  0  
84 14    0 81 4  0  
0  0     3 0  0  2  
33 0     0 29 8  O  
       . V          
33 0     0 29 8  O  
0  6   ioi 0  5  li 
20 5     4 16 13 4  
20 5     4 16 *3 4  
1  1    10 0  14 0  
44 0     0 40 8  0  
6  5     0 6  3  2  
1  8   U   1  4  of 
1  3       1  1  H  
0  6     8 0  4  9  
1  8     1 1  7     
33 0     0 29 8  Q  
 2 2
 o 4
 5 4
 2 7
 o
 0
 1
 6 10 o 3 2 6
IOO
                                                               Original frum
                                                     NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
666 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. i8. [1S05.
SCHEDULE (A.)---INWARDS.                            Duties.  Drawbacks. 
Tiles continued, viz.                               £• '■ d- £. s. d.   
•- Paving, exceeding 10 inches fquare -             1 is 9   109        
.- Plain Tiles, or any other Tiles not particularly                     
       enumerated or deferibed, *for every £.100 of                     
                                                          GO 29 8 0     
                                                          GO            
                    , the value                            O            
                 Timber. See Wood.                         O            
Tin, unwrought, the cwt. -                          0 17 7   0 13 7     
Tinea!, as Borax unrefined.                                             
Tin Foil, for every £. 100 of the value .           33 0 0   29 8 0     
Tobacco, viz.                                                           
•---unmanufactured, of the growth or pro-                               
du&ion of his Majefty’s colonies, plan¬                                 
tations, ifiands, or territories, in Ame-                               
rica, the lb. -                                     008      008        
■ -if imported by (hangers, or if it                                    
be by any law now in force                                              
fubje£t to aliens’ duty, then a                                         
further duty for every lb. -                        001      0 0 r      
--- ---of the produce of the States of America.                         
                 See Schedule (B )                                      
Tobacco may be fecured in ware-                                         
houfes under certain conditions,                                        
without payment of the faid duties.                                     
It is alfo fubjedt to a duty of excife.                                 
Tobacco Pipes, the grofs -                          016      Oil        
Tongues, as Provifions.                                                 
Tonnage Duty. See Schedule (D.)                                         
Tooth Powder, for every £.100 of the value          33 0 0   29 8 0     
Tornfal or Turnfole, the cwt. -                     0108     0 10 8     
Tortoife Shell, the lb. -                           0 1 5    010        
Toys, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, for                     
every £.\00 of the value -                          33 0 0   29 8 0     
Tragacanth Gum. See Gum.                                                
Train Oil. See Oil.                                                     
Trays of Wood, the (hock of 60                      063      0 s 10     
Trees and Plants, free.                                                 
Treenails. See Treenails, in Wood.                                      
Trenchers of Wood, the grofs of 12 dozen            0 1 5!   0 1 oi     
Truffles, the lb. -                                 0 3 5{   O 3 24.    
Tubs of Wood not bound with iron, the dozen -       O I I    O O Q      
Tumeric, the lb. - -                                0 0 3i   003*       
Turnery, not particularly enumerated or deferibed.                      
for every £. 1 co of the value -                    33 0 0   29 8 0     
Turpentine, viz.                                                        
■---common, the cwt. - -                            031!     030*       
---of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus, the lb. -            0 0 6J   0 0 tl     
'" of the United States of America. See                                 
Schedule (B.)                                                           
 

T
 1S05.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. 667
 SCHEDULE (A.}-INWARDS.
 Turpentine continued, viz.
               common Turpentine, and not other-wife enumerated or defcribed, the cwt. -
 ■ - —----— Oil, or Spirits of. See Oil.
 Tuttiae Lapis. See Lapis.
 Twine, the cwt. -           -       -
 Twift, viz.
         of Cotton of all kinds, for every £.100 of the value        -
 -------of Gold, or Silver, or both, the lb. of
           16 oz.
 ■ ■■ ■■ for Band Strings. See Band Strings.
 Tyger Skins. See Skins.
                                                         V.
 Valonia, the cwt.        -      -       -      -
 Varnifli, the cwt. -              -      -     -
 Vafes, viz.
 ----- of Stone or Marble fculptured. See fculptured
         Marble in Stones.
 ----- of any other fort, for every £.100 of the
         value -Veal, as Provifions.
 Vellum, the (kin -      -       -      1
 Vcrdegris, viz.
 ---------common, the lb.
 ---------chryftallized, the lb.
 Verjuice. See Vinegar.
 Vermicelli, the lb.     -
 Vermillion or Cinnabar, the lb. -Ufers. See Wood.
 Vinegar or Verjuice, the tun of 252 gallons Vinelloes, the lb.
 Violet Leaves. See Leaves.
 Virginal Wire. See Wire.
 Vitriol Oil. See Oil.
 Vitriolum Romanum. See Copperas Blue.
 Umber. See Terra Umbra.
 Vomica Nux. See Nux Vomica.
 Vulture Feathers. See feathers.
                                                          . w.
 Wainfcot Boards. See Boards, in Wood.
 ■         Logs.   See  Wood.
 Walking Canes. See Canes,
 Walnut Oil. See Oil.
 Walnuts. See Nuts.
 Duties.
£• s.
 o 16
 d.
 3
44
 7
 o
 8
 o
 6
 o 1
 O 12
 O
 5
Drawbacks.
£• #•  dm
 0 13 9
 1  O 2£
40 8 6
 5 14 9
001
0118
33 0  0  29 8  0   
0  1  10 O  1  9   
0  0  10 0  0  9   
0  1  H  O  1  51  
0  0  3i O  0  21  
0  1  si 0  1  1 i 
 0                 
IO 1S 3  8  15 7   
0  6  7  0  5  9   
Go gle
                                                              Original from
                                                    NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARy
66S Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. [1805.
             SCHEDULE (A.)---INWARDS.               Duties. Drawbacks. 
Wafhing Balls. See Balls.                          £. s. d. £. r. d.   
Watte Silk. See Silk.                                                  
Watch Glafles, for every £.100 of the value         83 16 5 80 4 5     
Watches of Gold, Silver, or other Metal, for every                     
£.100 of the value -                                 33 0 0 29 8 0     
.....and further, for every ounce troy of                              
Gold or Silver thereon                                  010 010        
Water, viz.                                                            
- ------ Arquebufade, Citron, Cordial, Hungary,                        
Lavender. See Spirits.                                                 
 ■ ■ ■ mineral or natural Water, the dozen bottles                     
     or ttafks, each bottle or ttafk not exceeding                     
3 pints - - - -                                         029 027        
Spirits.                                                               
Wax, viz.                                                              
- Bees, unmanufactured, the cwt.                     1 16 7 1 10 10    
-----White or manufactured, not otherwife de-                          
feribed, the cwt. -                                   2 4 3 1170       
- Hard, the lb. - -                                   0 0 g 006        
■ Myrtle, or Bay, the lb. -                             006 004        
-- Sealing Wax. See Hard Wax.                                          
■ Candles. See Candles.                                                
Weafel Skins. See Skins.                                               
Weed Afhes, as Afhes.                                                  
Weld, the cwt. -                                        020 012        
Whale Fins or Whale Bone, the ton of 20 cwt.        132 0 0 130 5 0    
viz..                                                                  
- - ■ ■ -------of foreign fifhing • -                                  
■ ■ .......of fiftiing of the United                                   
Kingdom, and im¬                                                       
ported in (hipping                                                     
thereof                                               I13 0 1 ii 3     
As to the importation of Whale                                         
Fins, Britifh caught and cured, fee                                    
this ACt.                                                              
Whale Oil. See Oil.                                                    
Wheat. See Corn.                                                       
Whet Stones. See Stones.                                               
Whip Cord, the lb. -                                    004 003        
Whiflc Brooms. See Brooms.                                             
White Boards for fhoemakers. See Boards, in                            
Wood.                                                                  
White Lead. See Lead.                                                  
Wicker Ware, for every £.100 of the value            20 s 4 16 13 4    
Wine, the tun of 252 gallons, viz.                                     
   - French, imported in (hipping of the United                        
Kingdom .....                                        87 0 0 82 16 0    
                                                     89 9 0 85 s 0     
MEW YORK
 
V
 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18.  669
                                  SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Wine continued, viz.
 ----- Rhenifh, Germany, and Hungary Wines,
          ----imported in (hipping of the United
              . Kingdom -               -     -
              ----------in foreign (hipping
                                - — Madeira, imported in (hipping of the United
 Kingdom
 in foreign (hipping
 -    Portugal, Spanilh, and Canary Wines, and all
        Wines of the dominions of Spain, and the Wines of Sicily and Naples, and all other Wines not otherwife enumerated or deferibed,
           ■ — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -——------------in foreign (hipping
 Wire, viz.
 ----- Brafs, or Copper, the cwt -
 ----- Gilt or plated, for every £.100 of the value -
       ---------------and  for every ounce troy of
                        Gold or Silver thereon -
 •  -- Iron, the cwt. -           -      -      -
 ----- Latten, the cwt. -                 -
 -----• Silver or Gold, for every £.100 of the value
       ---------------and  further fpr every oz. troy
                        of fuch filver or gold
 •  -- Steel, the lb,
 «---- Virginal, Brafs, or Copper, the lb.
       --------Iron, the !b.      -       -
 -----of any other fort, not particularly enumerated
        or deferibed, for every ,£.100 of the value -Wifp Steel. See Steel.
 Woad, green Woad, the cwt. -            -      -
 ----- Thouloufe Woad, the cwt.
 Wolf Skins. 7 c Q, •
 Waverings. JSee Sk,ns'
 Wood, viz.
 -  — Anchor Stocks, each, viz.
           ----imported in (hipping of the United
                   Kingdom
                ——--------- in foreign (hipping
       —------------of the produce of the Britifh
                        plantations -— Afhes. See Alhes.
 -    Balks, the 120, viz.
             being 5 inches fquare, and under 8 inches fquare, or if 24 feet in length or upwards, - imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -—-------------in foreigh (hipping . -
Duties. Drawbacks. 
£. s.    £• s- d.  
60 O O    55 5 6   
61 14 8   57 0 2   
59 1 2   55 *8 2   
60 14 2  57 11 2   
1 •                
58. 0 0  55 *8 0   
59 >3 4  57 11 4   
 2 in      in 6    
33 0 0    29 8 0   
  009      009     
.4 8 7    3 x9 6   
1 19 11   111 3    
20 5 4   16 13 4   
 0 1 0     010     
  Oil      010     
 0 1 5     014     
  016     0 1 5    
   %               
33 0 0    29 8 0   
  027      019     
  045      035     
 0 1 7    0 0 11   
  018     0 1 0    
O          ---     
0                  
      /            
 5 310   3 12 10   
  586     3 *7 6   
Go gle
                                                             OViginal from .
 NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
6yo Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. [1805.
            SCHEDULE (A.)---INWARDS.              Duties.  Drawbacks. 
9                                                                     
Wood continued, viz.                              £. S' d. £>• dm     
■--- - Balks, under 5 inches fquare, and under 24                     
feet in length,                                                       
           --- imported in (hipping of the Upited                     
Kingdom - - - .                                            i 9 3      
- in foreign (hipping                                      1 11 7     
--- of all forts, under 8 inches fquare, of the   O «*                
growth and produ&ion of the Britifb               00 0                
colonies and plantations in America,              »■» N               
the 120 -                                           O II O            
See alfo Schedule (B.)                                   1            
------ being 8 inches fquare and upwards, are                         
to be confidered as Timber, and pay                                   
duty as fuch.                                                         
--- Barrel Boards. See Boards in Wood.                                
------ Staves. See Staves in Wood.                                    
V                                                                     
• --- f *                                                             
• <                                                                   
\
/
 9
 • MEW YORK PUBL
Go gle
 WOOD, continued.
 -------—  Hatton?, and Batten Ends, not exceeding j inches in breadth, viz.
              BEING IN LENGTH,                                      BEING     IN THICKNESS          NOT EXCEEDING,                                              
^_1                                                                                                 \                                                           
                                              a Inches and 4   •      3   Inches.         3 Inches and                4 Inches.         4. Inches               
                   y - <                       Duties.   Drawbacks  Duties.   Drawbacks.  Duties.   Drawbar ks.   Duties.   Drawback*.  Duties.   Drawback >.   
                 BATTENS.                                                                                                                                       
        8 feet and under 12 feet i            £• * • d.          d. £ . j d.  £■ ' . d.   £ . j.    £•      d.    £•    </       , 2.   jC-   .   £ . J         
Imported in flapping of the United Kingdom        ij 3   O ll  3    O 14  3   O 12 1      0 15   n  0 12    °4    0 l6  3   0 13, II    0 17  3   O 14 Io       
■ - --- in foreign (hipping -                   3 *5 7   0 13  1    0 16  7   O 14 4      0 17   74 0 15    *4    O 18  7   O 16 I      0 19  8   0 17    2     
        12 feet and under 14 feet:                                                                                                                              
Imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom      0 15 41  0 13  of   0 17  0   0 14 3      0 18   14 0 15    34    0 19  3   0 16 4      I 0   44  O 17    54    
■-in foreign (hipping                           0 17 n   0 15  34   0 1S  9   0 16 3      I 0    04 0 17^   94    I I   3   0 18 II     I 2   54  I 0     x«    
        14 feet and under 16 feet:                                                                                                                              
Imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom      0 17 7!  0 14  I0i  0 19  0   O l6 I      I 0    14 0 17    *4    I I   6   0 18 5      I 2   10} 0 19    74    
--in Foreign (hipping -                          < 0 6i  0 17  54   t  1  11  0 18 io     I 3    *4 1 0           I 4   9   I I  7      I 6   84  I 3     °4    
        16 f.et and under 18 feet:                                                                                                                              
Imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom      0 18 9   0 16  4    I  0  n   0 17 74     I 1    6  0 18    11    I a 10}   I 0  *4     I 4   3   I I     5     
-in foreign (hipping -                           i 1 8   0 19  I    1  3  *4  I 0  8 4    ( 5    1  1 2     3     I 7   oi  * 3  94     I 8   3   I 5     3     
    1? ftet and not exceeding 20 feet:                                                                                                                          
Imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom       i 1 3   0 18  4    I  2      0 19 7      I 4    0  r I     2     I 5   3   1 2  10     £ 7   0   I 3     11    
.-in foreign (hipping -                          1 3 5   1 1   5    I  S  1   I 2  II     I 6    8  1 4     7     I 8   5   1 6  3      I 10  1   z 8     4     
Exceeding 20 feet:                                                                                                                                              
Imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom       * 5 6   i 2   7    1  7  44  I 4         r 9    0  1 5     II    I 12  li  1 8  94     I *3  3   r 9     9     
--in foicign (hipping ...                        1 9 11  1 6   5    I 11  ioi I 8  64     1 13   8  1 IO    5     I 16  64  1 13 o4     I *9  I   1 IS    5     
               BATTEN ENDS.                        \                                                                                                            
               Under 5 feet:                                           •       ",                                                                               
Imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom  -    i 2 9   0 2   7    0  3  0   0 2  10     0 3    3  0 3     0     0 3   74  0 3  44     0 - 3 10  0 3           
■ --- in foreign (hipping -                 -    > 3 3   0 3   1    0  3  ?   0 3  5      0 3    10 0 3     7     O 4   1   0 3  9^     O 4   41  0 4     ,14   
5 tect and under 8 feet:                                          -                                                          #                                  
Imported in (t ipping of the United Kingdom - ° 3    9   0 3   6    0  4      O 3  94     0 4    74 0 4     *4    O 5   1,  0 4  6\     O 5   6   Q 4     10    
■ --- in foreigu (hipping •                 •   1° 4 4   0 4   1    0  4  9*  0 4  54     0 5    *4 0 3     IO,   O 5   8/  ° 5  »4           3     5     10    
                                              1                                                             1            •              0 6       0             
                                              u                                                                                                                 
\ 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinro Georgii TIT. c. 18. 671

 672 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgu IIT. c. 18.  [1805.
I
            SCHEDULE (A.)---INWARDS.              Duties. ' Drawbacks. 
Wood continued, viz.                                  j. d. £>• *• d.  
 - Battens, and Batten Ends, of all forts, of the                      
     growth or production of the BritiOl colonies                      
and plantations in America -                            056 006        
See alfo Schedule (B.)                            • •                  
- . .........exceeding 7 inches in                      ♦ *            
breadth to be deemed                              #                    
as Deal Ends, and to                                                   
pay duty as fuch, ac¬                                                  
cording to their re-                                                   
fpeCtive dimenfions.                                                   
Beech Boards, See Boards, in Wood.                                     
    --- Plank, being 2 inches in thicknefs or                          
       upwards, the load of 50 cubic feet,                             
----imported in (hipping of the                                        
United Kingdom -                                     0 IS 4 090        
                        • ■ - in foreign (hipping    0 16 8 0 10 0     
       of the growth or production of the Britilh                      
              colonies or plantations in America,                      
the 120                                               0 3 4 O          
             See alfo Schedule (B.)                         O          
■ Quarters, the 120, viz. being 5 inches                               
fquare, and under 8 inches fquare,                                     
- imported in (hipping of the                                          
United Kingdom -                                     2 14 8 260        
--------- in foreign (hipping                           326 2 10 11    
• imported in (hipping of the                     %         •          
United Kingdom -                                     I 70 6 1 5 2      
--in foreign (hipping                               I 12 IO 176        
of the growth and production of                                        
the Britith colonies and plantations                                   
in America, the 120                                  0 II 0 010        
See alfo Schedule (B.)                                                 
------ Boards, Barrel, the 120,                                        
- imported in (hipping of the                                          
United Kingdom                                       0 15 5 0 14 7     
■ --- in foreign (hipping -                          0 16 6 0 15 0     
■ ■■■ --- Beech, under 2 inches in thicknefs, the                      
120, viz.                                                              
being under 15 feet in length,                                         
--imported in (hipping of the                                          
United Kingdom -                                      1 7 4 1 2 11     
                        ■ ■ ■ in foreign (hipping   1 11 10 * 5 7      
     ------ ■ being 15 feet in length or upwards,                      
              ------- imported in (hipping of the                      
                . United Kingdom                     1 14 2 1 8 8      
--------- in foreign (hipping                          1180 1 10 3     
Go gle
          Origin frofh NEW YORK PUBLIC UB#

I
           SCHEDULE (A.)--iNWARDS.
 Wood continued, viz.
      --------Clap  Boards, or  Clap  Holt, not exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, and under 8 inches fquafe, the 120,
                ---- imported in fhipping of the
                       United Kingdom
                    --------in  foreign fhipping
            ■ ■ •  ----of the growth and production
                         of the Britifh cdlonies and plantations in America -See alfo Schedule (B.)
      ■ ■ -— Linn Boards, or White Boards for fhoe-makers, 4 feet in length, the 120, viz. ------------------under 6 inches in thicknefs.
                               the United Kingdom •    — in foreign fhip-
                                      ping
             ------------being  6 inches in thicknefs,
                           or upwards,
                         -----imported in fhipping of
                               the United Kingdom ——— in foreign fbip-ping
             - Oak, under 2 inches in thicknefs, the
                120, viz.
             —— under 15 feet in length,
                 —— imported in fhipping of the United Kingdom
                         -----in foreign fhipping
             ----15 feet in length or upwards,
                 ------imported in fhipping of the
                         United Kingdom -------in foreign fhipping -
             -  Paling, hewed on the one fide, the
                120, viz.
              — not exceeding 7 feet in length, --------imported in fhipping of the
!
Hi
\ Go gle
 United Kingdom
                                                                                  Vol. XLV.
      ,--------in foreign fhipping -
■ — exceeding 7 feet in length,
    ----imported in fhipping of the
           United Kingdom —— in foreign fhipping -Pipe, under 8 inches fquare, the 120, viz. '
----above 5 feet 3 inches in length, and
      not exceeding 8 feet in length,
                      X x
RGII IIL C. .18. 673   
  Duties.   Drawbacks. 
    i.      £• dm      
  I S. 7i   0 17 io£   
  i 6 44    0 18 6i    
    083     009        
                     • 
  2 17 9    229        
   3 3 3    2 8 3,     
  5 15 6    456        
   6 6 6    5 16 6     
                     » 
  1 18 6    III 2      
    236     116 2      
2 10        I 19       
  2 16 5*   2 5        
%                      
  0 4 4t    O 2 10^    
  0 4 94    0 3 3      
    086     0 4 10     
    091     0 5 5      
                       
          OriginaMtorm jf
 NEW YDRK PUBLIC LIBRARY
 674 Anno regni quadragefimo qviinto Georgii TIL c. 18. [1805
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Wood continued, viz.
 imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom
                                                                                                 in foreign (hipping -
            -----exceeding 8 feet in length,
                   ■— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom
                      -------in  foreign (hipping -
            ‘ —■ ■ of all forts, exceeding 5 feet 2 inches in length, and under 0 inches fquare, of the growth and produ&ion of the Britilh colonies and plantations in America, the 120 -See alfo Schedule (B.)
     ■■ ----Wainfcot, containing 12 feet in length,
               and 1 inch in thicknefs, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs length or thicknefs, the foot,
               ----imported in (hipping of the
                      United Kingdom
                    —------in foreign (hipping -
            ——— of all forts, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or other-wife charged with duty, being of the growth and production of the Britifh colonies and plantations in America, the 120 See alfo Schedule (B.)
 —— White. See Linn Boards,
 ■---Boom Spars. See Spars, >in Wood.
 —— Bowfprits. See Marts, j —— Boxwood, the ton of,.20 cwt. viz.
     ------  — of the Britilh colonies, plantations,or
                                                                                        fettlements in America or Africa
     ■         of the United States of America. See
                                                        Schedule (B.)
     ■ ------— of any other place,
                      imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom
                      -------in foreign (hipping -
 ----Brazil or Fernambucco Wood, the ton of 20 cwt
 —— Brazilettoor Jamaica Wood, the ton of 20 cwt.
 -----Cam, the ton of 20 cwt.
 — Cant Spars. See Spars.
 ----Clap Holt. See Clap Boards,
jr. s. d. jr. s. d. 
1 5 3     0 13 °    
161       0 13 10   
1 I 3     0 16 11   
184       0 18 0    
 Duties
.Drawbacks.
O
O
067
 o ioi O lit
 0 3 4
 I 2
8 8 11 5
  3
11
  5
007
o o 61 o o 7f
003
019
 1 9
 1 12
 ° 5
 o 10
 o 2
 5
 2
 9
 3
 4
I
Go gle
    WOOD, continue 1.
         -----Deals, mid Deal Ends, the lioj viz.
          BEING IN LENGTH,
                DEALS.
           8 feet and under 11 feet \ Comported in (hipping of the United Kingdom
  rf—
 in foreign (hipping 12 feet and nndfcr 14 feet:
    Imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom
    ---------in foreign  (Iiipping
               14 feet and muter 16 feet: Imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom
    ---------in foreign  flopping   -
               16 feet and under t8 feet!
    Imported in (Iiipping of the United Kingdom
    —--------in foreign    (hipping -
           18 feet and not exceeding 20 feet: Imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom
    -----— in foreign (hipping -
      Exceeding 20 feet and not exceeding 25 feet: Imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom
    -----— in foreign (hipping -
          Exceeding 25 feet ^nd under 20 feet: Imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom ---------in foreign (hipping ...
                 20 feet and upw irds :
    Imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom ■---------- in foreign (iiipping -
                    DEAL ENDS.
                     Under 5 feet:
    Imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom —.-------in foreign (hipping ...
                 5 feet and under 8 feet:
    Imported in (Iiipping ot the Unite J Kingdom # ■  ■ —■  in foreign (hipping ... *
 BEING iN THICKNESS NOT EXCEEDING,
     2 inches.               X Inches.              3i Inches.               4 Inches.              4! Inches.          
Duties.    Drawbacks.     Dunes.     Drawbacks.  Duties.   Drawbacks.      Duties.   Drawbacks.   Duties.   Drawback!   
£  . j d   £  Ji   d\   £   . J . d.    *         £. *d    £•           '£ . Ji 1 d. £ . 'Ja        • j. d. £ p i«  </. 
(    I 9   I  0    6    j 1 3   71    t 2 *i'    I 5   74  1 4       >4 1  7    6    1 i 10      j  9    45 1 7     54  
I    6 6   1  4    4    I   8   41    * 3 81     I 13  41  I 6      4-1    12   5    1 10 4      *  *5   54 1 12        
           t                                                            j1                                          54  
                                                                        1                        fl                     
1    5 3   I  3    10   1   7   Ji    * 5 10]    I 8   10] I 7       81 I  10   7i   1 9            12   6  1 XI    6   
I    9 7   I  S    2    I   XI  ui    1 9 64     I 14  *1  I LX      81 I  16   54   1 15 J*i    I  18   11 1 x4    7   
1    9 41  I  7    Ji   I   11  74    * 9 71     I 14  41  I 1L         I  17   X*   1 J4 41     I  *9   74 1 16    8j, 
r   l5 3i  I  12   '7i  r   17 IO]   1 *5 *1     2 0   °1  1 l8     «>4 2  2    94   i 19 I]     2  6    4J 2 3     64  
r  13 io]  (  11   *1   1   18  9    1 14 8      2 2   I]  I 17      41 2  5    44   2 O I]      2  8    74 X 2     94  
i  *9  4i  I  14   41   %   3   9     2 0 8      X 7   7i  2 3      10] 2  II   54   2 7 »i      2  *5   34 X 10    54  
r  17  I 4 I  14   Si   1   0   4i   1 17 41     2 3   9   2 0    6     2  7    0    2 4 3       2  10   44 2 6     44  
i  2       l  0         z   5         » 3 Hi     X 9   3   2 6    9     2  12   6    2 IO 10     2  18   o4 2 x5        
2  4   6   X  2    S    2   7   ioi   1 5 *1     I ri  *4  2 9       Ji 2  14   6    2 I i 8     2  *7   9  I 16    0   
2  12  3   a  10   3    2   16  7*   1 14 >1     3 0   54  2 18      Ji 3  3    3    3 t . 1 j   3  8    2  3 7     X   
2  14  6   1  Ii   A    I   18  7i   * *5 4}     I 2   9   2 *9   10    3  6    ioi  3 4 10}     3  11   9  3 8     2   
I  3   10  3  0    8    3   9   7*    3 5 71     3 14  10  3 io   6     3  x9   54   3 *5 4l     4  5    6  4 X     8   
3  4   4)  \  0    4l   3   9   3     3 4 11     3 14  3   3 9    11    4  0    0 1  3 16 8      4  5    9  4 0     4   
3  16  5 i 3  If   3l   4   3   7    i 17 0      4 9   8   4 1    8     4  16   0    4 9 0       5  5    7  > 16    4   
to s   6   0  5    1    0   6   0     0 5 7      3 6   71  O 6       >1 0  7    4i   0 6 7]      0  8    3  0 7     3   
10 6   3   0  5    6    3   7   4    0' 6 8      3 8   *1  0 7      4*j O  8    ioi 0  7 ui      0  9 2  El O 8     II  
0  7   3   0  6    10   0   8   0     0 7 6      0 8   6   0 8    0     0  9    4*   0 8 81      0  xo      0 9     34  
O  8   8   0  S    * !  0   9   5     0 8 10     0 10  a   0 9    6     O  10   94.  0 10 s]     0  12   H  0 11    *4  
                                                                      1                                                 
1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. 675
 6"j6 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. [1805.
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Wood continued, viz. ,
 . — Deals and Deal Ends of all forts, of the growth or production of the Britifh colonies and plantations in America, the 120 See alfo' Schedule (B.)
                                                                                     ■ - Ebony, the ton of 20 cwt. viz.
       -------of the growth or production of the
                Britifh colonies, plantations, or fct-tlements in Africa or America ■   — of any other country or place
 ----- Fire Wood, the fathom, being 6 feet wide and
         6 feet high, viz.
                 ■   — imported in (hipping of the
                         United Kingdom -
                       --------in foreign (hipping
       ——.     — of the Britifh colonies or planta-
                                                                                                ■ tions in America See alfo Schedule (B.)
 ----- Fir Quarters, the 120, viz.
       -----------under 5 inches fquare, and under
                      24 feet in length,
                   -----imported in (hipping of the
                           United Kingdom -------irt foreign (hipping
£- *• d'
056
      -----        5 inches fquare and under 8 inches
                    fquare, if 24 feet or upwards in length,
                    ----imported in (hipping of the
                           United Kingdom
                        -------in foreign (hipping
      -------------of all other forts under 8 inches
                    fquare, of the growth and production of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America See alfo Schedule (B.)
 —     Fir Timber. See Timber, in Wood.
 ---- Fuftick, the ton of 20 cwt.
 ---- Guinea Wood. See Red Wood.
 -  -  Handfpikes, the 120, viz.
      ------------under 7 feet in length,
                 ■  1 ■ imported in (hipping of the
                         United Kingdom ——— in foreign (hipping
      -----—— of the growth or production of the
                   Britifh colonies or plantations in Afnerica -         -    -
                                                See alfo Schedule (B.)
      -----— — being 7 feet in length and upwards,
 Duties.
0 14 O 8 16 o
023
029
007
142
176
284
2 15 O
Oil o
 o 16 6
056
057
016
 £%                                            s.d.
006
Drawbacks.
839
018
022
001
 1      1    s
 1      4   2
226
277
010
016
\
042
043
002
Go gle
• /

 I
 I
 1S05.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. 677
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Wood continued, viz.
                 -----imported in (hipping of the
                        United Kingdom
                      -------jn foreign (hipping
       ■ ■ ■     of the growth or production of the
                    Britiih colonies or plantations in America -            -       -
                                                 See alfo Schedule (B.)
     ■ Knees of Oak, under 8 inches fquare, the 120, viz.
       ---------------under 5 inches fquare,
                       • — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom --------------in foreign (hipping .                    "
       .       ■      being 5  inches  and under  8
        inches fquare
        ---- imported in (hipping of
              the United Kingdom
            -----— in foreign (hipping
-------of all other forts, under 8 inches
         fquare, of the growth or pro-.        duction of the Britiih colonies
         or plantations in America -See alfo Schedule (B.)
   — being 8 inches fquare and upwards, the load of 50 cubic feet, viz.
      -----imported in (hipping of
              the United Kingdom
                                                                                                   in foreign (hipping
  ■ ■   — of the growth or production of
            the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, being 8 inches fquare or upwards -See alfo Schedule (B.)
 Lathwood, the fathom, being 6 feet wide and 6 feet high, viz.
 ■       — in pieces  under  5 feet in
            length,
           —-— imported in (hipping of , the United Kingdom * ---------—— in foreign (hip-
                  '   #   P,ng
 ----— in pieces, being 5 feet in length
            or upwards,
           —»— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom —---------in foreign (hipping
 Duties.
£•
 o
 o
 8
 9
 7
 8
 14
 15
 0 11 o 12
Go gle ,
 ,d.
 9
 6
 2 9
 6
 8
 o
 2
056
 0
 1
 17
  4
 9
 9
Drawbacks.
£•
 o
 o
 7
 8
 5
 6
 2
 3
 8
 9
 d.
 5
 2
 5
 9
006
 4
 2
0 0 4
o 14 o
 6 4;
 8 oi\
 0 ioi-2 6i

                                                                    Original from NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
 678. Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 1
                                  SCHEDULE (A)—INWARDS.
 Wood continued.
      -----------in   pieces of ail forts, of the growth
                    and production of the Britilh colonies and plantations in America, the fathom r See alfo Schedule (B.)
 — -- Lignum V itae, the ton of 20 cwt.
 -----Linn Boards. See Boards, in Wood.
 —— Logwood, the ton of 20 cwt. -         -      -
 -----Logs, Wainfcot. See Wainfcot, in Wood.
 -■ ■ Mahogany, the ton of 20 cwt. viz.
      ----------the  growth or production of any part
                  of America or the Weft Indies
      ■ ■  ----of the United States of America. See
                  Schedule (B.)
      ■ ------- the  growth of any other country or
                  place
                                 ——- Marts, Yards, and Bowfprits, being 6 inches
                      and under 12 inches in diame ter, the piece, viz.
      —r—> ■      ■ .■ being 6 inches, and under 8
                      inches in diameter,
                    — — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom
                           -------in foreign (hip-
                                    ping
                                                                                                                     12
■ of the Britilh colonies or plantations in America -See alfo Schedule (B.)
------being 8 inches and under
                                                  inches in diameter,
      •----imported in (hipping of
            the United Kingdom —— in foreign (hipping -
               —— of the Britilh colonies or plantations in America -See alfo Schedule (B.)
               - being 12 inches and upwards in diameter, the load of 50 cubic feet, viz.
                     • ■ ■ imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom ■ — " in foreign (hipping -                       -
               ------of the Britilh colonies or plan-
        tations in America See alfo Schedule (B.)
  N. B. Mails, Yards, and Bowfprits,
 Duties.
                                                                                                                                          * a.
 o
 o
 o
o
o
o
 3 10
 7 4
 6 1
 o 14 4
 2 11 4
 0
 o
 o
  2 7
 2 .8
 2 2
 o
 o
 o
 5 4 5 8
 4 5
*7 3 18 4
J5 5
8. [1805.
  Drawbacks.
£■ *• J.
  0 0 4 0 0 8
  0  0  7
        *
  0 14
  7
  1 l8 4
Oil?
0 2 0 Ol6
036
045
0 3 1-
098 o 10 9 o 7 10
Go gle

 I
 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18.  679
                                   SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Wood continued.
                    under 6 inches in diameter, to pay duty as Spars of the lik,e denomination.
 -----Nicaragua Wood, the ton of 20 cwt. -
 - — Oak Boards. See Boards, in Wood.
                                                                             ■ - Knees. See Knees of Oak, in Wood.
       —— Plank, being 2 inches and upwards in thicknefs, the load of 50 cubic feet, -      ■■■ ■ imported in (hipping of the United
                     Kingdom -— ■— in foreign (hipping ■ 1 ■  ■■■ ■- of all forts, of the growth or pro-
                    1 du&ion of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, the 120       -
                                                See alfo Schedule (B.)
       -----Timber. See Timber, in Wood.
 —— Oars, the 120, viz.
 -----imported in (hipping of the United King-
 dom
 in foreign (hipping
  ■ — of the growth or production of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America • See alfo Schedule (B.)
 Olive Wood, the ton of 20 cwt. viz.
 — -----------of the Britifh colonies, plantations,
                or fettlements, in Africa or America -        -      -    -
          See alfo Schedule (B.)
                                                                                           of the growth of any other place
       SSnSsf-1 s“Boards> in w°°d-
       Plank, Beech. See Beech, in Wood.
       Oak. See Oak, in Wood.
       Red or Guinea Wood, the ton of 20 cwt. Round Wood in pieces under 8 inches fquare, the 120, viz.
       •-------------under  6 feet in length,
                       ■ — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom — ..— in foreign (hip-ping
             - — — • being 6 feet in length and upwards,
                     —r— imported in (hipping o the United Kingdom
                         • —------in foreign (hip
                                      ping
 Duties.
Drawbacks.
   
s. d.    £. t. d.     
\                     
12 5      1 16 5      
             I        
18 9       OI2I       
0 4       0 13 8      
      i               
5 6         006       
3 1        1 9 4      
10 1      1 16 4      
13          012       
                    • 
8 3         009       
6 0                 O 
                   00 
6 0         028       
11 0        056       
12 1        067       
2 0        Oil 0      
4 2       0 13 2      
      Original frorn^ 
 NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
 680 Anno rdgni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. [1805.
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Wood continued.
 -•              in pieces of all forts, under
                   8* inches fquare, of the growth and produ£lion of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America -See all'o Schedule (B.) Sapan Wood, for every £.100 of the value, viz.
  ■ —---------of the Britifh colonies or plan-
                 tations -
 ------------— of the produce of any other
                 country -Spars, the 120, viz.
 ----- under 22 feet in length, and under 4
          inches in diameter, exclufive of the Bark                - -
       -----imported in (hipping of the
                 United Kingdom
              -------in foreign (hipping
 —-—     being 22 feet in length and upwards,
          and under 4 inches in diameter, exclufive of the Bark,
       •-----imported in (hipping of the
                                                   United Kingdom
              -------in foreign (hipping
 —•—- 4 inches and under 6 inches in diameter, exclufive of the Bark,
          —— imported in (hipping of the United kingdom -------------in foreign (hipping -
 — ----of all forts, under 6 inches in diame
          ter, exclufive of the Bark, of the growth or produ&ion of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America See alfo Schedule (B.)
          I*J. B. All Spars, 6 inches and upwards in diameter, are to pay duty as Marts, according to their re-fpedtive dimenfions.
 ■ Speckled Wood, the ton of 20 cwt. viz.
 -----------------of the Britifh colonies, plantations, or fettlements, in Africa or America -See alfo Schedule (B.)
 -----------------of the growth of any other
                    country or place Spokes for Wheels, the 1000, viz.
 — —----------------not exceeding 2 feet in
                        length.
 Duties.
£. s. d.
 0 2 2
 3 *9 2
20 5 4
081 o 8 11
0166 p 17 7
tie 2 1 17 5
067
on o
2IJ O
Drawbacks.
£• '• *
002
16 13 4
6 3 ia
048
0711
090
 o 17 4 0 19   7
007
6 10
2 3 ♦
Go gle
r
i
 1805.] Atino regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. 681
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Wood continued^ viz.
                          —*— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom
                                -----— in foreign
                                                                                                              fhipping
      ■ ■       -------- ■ exceeding 2 feet in length,
           ,    '            ——imported in (hipping
                                of the United Kingdom
      •                         •--------in foreign
                                                                                                              (flipping
      —  ------——--------of all forts, of the growth
                             or production of the Britifh colonics or plantations in America -See alfo Schedule (B.) —— Staves of all forts, the 120, viz.
      —.— not exceeding 50 inches in length
      —    -exceeding 50 inches in length -
                                                • See alfo Schedule (B.)
 •—— Sweet Wood, the ton of 20 cwt. viz.
      >    ■        of the growth or production of
                    the Britilh colonies, plantations, or fettlements in Africa or America -
                          See alfo Schedule (B.)
      —          ■ ■ -— of any other country or place ->■■ Timber, viz.
      ---------Fir  Timber, the load pf 50 cubic feet,
                 viz.
                ----------being  8 inches fquare, and
                            not exceeding 10 inches fquare,
                          ■■ ■— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom
                                —     -> in foreign
                                                                                                              (hipping
                -  ■>' exceeding 10 inches fquare,
                          ■-----imported in (hipping
                                of the United Kingdom
                                ■■ —— in foreign (hipping
                -    ■ . being 8 inches fquare or
                            upwards, of the growth or production of the Briiilh colonies or plantations in America
   
Duties. Drawbacks.    
        m             
& *• d‘ £. s. d.      
1 7 id  0 19 10       
I JO I  1 I u         
2188    238           
320     ■ 2 6 0       
  Cl    1 s           
   0    005           
007     001           
Oil     001           
0 11 0  049           
360     2 16 0        
        /             
        , * ..        
0 8 10  0 7 2         
090     080           
096     077           
0 10 3  085           
O                     
M                     
00      002           
        Original from 
 NEW Y0RK PUBLIC LIBRARY
682 Anno rcgni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 18. [180;.
           SCHEDULE (A.)---INWARDS.             Duties.  Drawbacks. 
Wood continued, viz.                            £. s. d.            
------ Oak Timber, 8 inches fquare or up-                           
    wards, the load of 50 cubic feet, viz.                          
’-imported in (hipping                                              
of theUnited King-                                                  
dom                                             0 15 0     0 10 6   
---in foreign                                                %      
                                       (hipping 0 15 10     0114    
      Britifh colonies or plantations in                            
                America - - r -                        O ■*         
            See alfo Schedule (B.)                    CO 0          
rated or defcribcd, or otherwife                      00 •          
charged with duty, being 8 inches                        0          
fquare or upwards, the load of 50                                   
cubic feet,                                                         
--imported in (hipping of the                                       
                United Kingdom,                 045         029     
---in foreign (hipping                          0 S3        037     
      Britifh colonies or plantations in                            
                   America -                    018         002     
            See alfo Schedule (B.)                                  
---Treenails, or Trenails, the icco, viz.                           
              the United Kingdom                0 3 10     0 110    
          ■■■■■---- in foreign (hip-                                
                     ping                       0 4 5       025     
-Ufers, the 120, viz.                                               
■■ --- under 5 inches fquare, and under 24 feet                     
in length,                                                          
-----imported in (hipping of the                                    
United Kingdom                                  1 13 0     110 0    
--in foreign (hipping                           1 14 1     111 1    
        -■ ■ being 5 and under 8 inches fquare,                     
            or if 24 feet in length or upwards,                     
     - ■------ imported in (hipping of the                          
United Kingdom                                  3 4         344     
--in foreign (hipping                           311 6       35$     
the growth or production of the                                     
Britilh colonies or plantations in                                  
America -                                       0 8 10            0 
            See alfo Schedule (B.)                                0 
- .. - Wainfcot Boards. See Boards.                               m 
■ ■ ■ - > Logs, 8 inches fquare or upwards,                       O 
-the load of 50 cubic feet, viz.                                    

 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Gf.orgii III. c. 18. 683
 SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.
 Wood continued, viz.
                        imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom
                        -------in foreign (hipping
                —— being of the growth or production of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America.
                                                                                                See alfo Schedule (B.)
 ----Yards. See Mads.
 Wood, unmanufactured, of the growth or production
                           of the Briti(h colonies or plantations in America, not particularly enumerated or defer;bed, or othervvife charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value See alfo Schedule (B.)
 ——— not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with duty, for everyj£.ioo of the value               -    -      -
      — ■ —-of the growth or production
                         of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.)
 Wool, viz.
 — ---Beaver, the lb. -         -     -    -
      --------cut or combed, the lb. -
 -----Carmenia. See Goat’s Hair, in Hair.
 -----Coney, the lb.
     - Cotton, the 100 lbs.
      ——— of the growth or production of the Bricifb colonies or plantations in America *■*•••
      ——*    of the growth or production of Turkey
      -----—of the growth or production of any
                other country or place See alfo Schedule (B.)
 —— Edridge or Oftrich, the cwt.
                                           — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom
                         -------in foreign (hipping
    ■- Goat’s. See Goat’s Hair, in Hair.
   - . Hare’s Wool, the 100 lbs. -         -     -
 -----Red Wool, free.
     ■ Spanifli, free.
 —    Turkey Goat’s. See Goat’s Hair, in Hair. Woollen Stuffs. See Stuffs.
    ■ ■ - Yarn. See Yam.
£•
 Duties.
 s.
17
18
 d.
 8
 '9
9 3
 3 19 2
20 s 4
 0
 1
 o
 o
 o
 o
Go gle
 •1
  1
 o o
 '9
 8
 1
 7
 o 13 9
  5
 12
10
 6
030
Drawbacks.
L'
 d.
 O 9 II on o
004
072
16 13 4
  5
 12
10
 6
003
    f Original frfl
 NEW YORK PUBLICTLIBRARY
 684 Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. i8. [1805.
 SCHEDULE (A.)-INWARDS.
 Wormfeed. See Seed.
 Worfted Tapes. As Haberdalhery.
 ——— Yarn. See Yarn. /
                                                      Y.
 Yards. See Marts, in Wood.
 Yarn, viz.
 ——Cable Yarn, the cwt. -
 ----Camel or Mohair, the lb. of i6oz.
 ----Cotton, the lb. -        -
 —— Grogram, the lb.
 -— Raw Linen Yarn, made of Flax, the lb.
 ----Wick Yarn, for every 100 of the value
 ----Woollen and Bay Yarn, the cwt.
 —— Worfted, being of two or more threads, twifted or thrown, the lb. -
 —— of any other fort, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwife charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value
 Yellow Berries. See Berries.
                                                      Z.
 Zaffire. See Cobalt.
 Zedoaria, the lb.     ....
      All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, whatfoever, not being particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwife charged with duty, and not being prohibited to be imported into, or ufed in Ireland, and not being exempt from duty, for every ^.100 of the value thereof, viz.
      Being either in part or wholly manufactured Not being either in part or wholly manufactured -
 Duties. 1

33 0 0 20 S 4
Drawbacks.
£•
 d.
0 3 10' 030    
009     006    
004     0 0 3  
0010    006    
003     003    
33 0 0  29 8 0 
0 19 7  0 n 8  
008     007    
33 0 0  29 8 0 
             - 
          •    
0 0 10  O      
        c      
29 8 o 16 13 4
1
                                                                                               Schedule
GO gle.                                   NEWYORK’PUBLI'-  ••
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. 685
                          Schedule (B.)
 A Schedule of the Net Duties to be charged on the Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or defcribed, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the United States of America, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Ireland.
Duties.  Drawbacks. 
£.• r. .  £• * dr   
Oil 8             O 
•                 M 
  # 1             O 
                 00 
S                   
 0 9 1      ---1    
 0 3 10     010     
0 0 7.*  0 0 7 I-   
0 0 71   0 0 7i     
 20 5 4   16 13 4   
  300      2 15 6   
 0 14 0             
  054      0 4 1    
 24 5 1   16 18 1   
 23 2 0    16 2 0   
 0 18 5    0 14 9   
 13 5 7    9 13 7   
 0 5 10     052     
                    
                                                                               INWARDS. * •
 Arrow Root, the cwt. '
 Afhes of all kinds, free.
 Beaver Skins. See Skins.
 Blubber. See Oil.
 Calve Skins. See Skins.
 Colophonia. See Rofin.
 Corn. See a&s relating thereto, and a& 41 Geo. 3.
      U. K. c. 95.
 Cotton Wool, the 100 lb. -               -
 Gum, Cafhew, the cwt. -Hemp, rough, free.
 Hides, the piece, viz.
 ---- Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox in the hair
 ----Horfes, Mares, or Geldings in the hair
 ----or pieces of Hides, raw or undrefTed, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or other-wife charged with duty, for every j£.ioo of
      • the value -             -    -
 Hops, the cwt. -           -
 Indigo, the 100 lbs. -        -      - ,
 Iron, in bars or unwrought, free.
      Pig Iron, free.
,}
                       See Wood.
 Mahogany.
 Mails, Yards, or Bowfprits MelafTes, the cwt. - ,         -
 Oil, the tun of 232 gallons, viz.
 —• Spermaceti or Head Matter — Train Oil or Blubber orFilh Oil Pitch, the laft of 12 barrels, each barrel of 31 and £ gallons -
 Provifions (not being Groceries) for every 100 of the value • -Rice, the cwt.
        Rice, the produce of the United States of America, m3y be warehoufed on importation, under certain-conditions.
Go gle
                                                                          Original from W
                                                                                                           NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
 686 Anno regni quadrageftmo quinto Georgii III. c. i8. [1805.
 SCHEDULE (B.)—INWARDS.
 Rofin, or Colophonia, the cwt* -          ±      *
 Seed, Hempfeed, free.
 ■ ■      Rape, the quarter of 8 bufliels *
 Skins, Beaver, undrefied, the (kin -... . Calve, in the hair, not tanned, tawed, nor in
         any v^ay drefled, the dozen (kins Snuff, the lb.            -       -       -
 Spermaceti, fine, the lb.               -
 ------------Oil.   See Oil.
 Staves. See Wood.
 Tar, the laft of 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31 and i gallons -Tobacco, the lb. viz.
 ----- ■— unmanufactured          -
 ■         if imported by Grangers, or if by any law
              now in force it be lubjeCt to aliens’ duty, then a further duty of Such Tobacco may be fecured in ware-houfes without payment of the above duties, under certain conditions and regulations.
            Tobacco is fubjeCl alfo to a duty ofexcife.
 Tonnage Duty on (hips entering outwards or inwards. See Schedule (D.)
 Turpentine, common, the cwt. -Whale Fins, or Whale Bone, the ton of 20 cwt. -Wood, viz.
 -  —— Anchor Stocks, the piece -           *
 -  ----Balks of all forts, under 8 inches fquare, the
            120     -     -     -     -    -
 ■  ■ Battens and Batten Ends of all forts, the 120
 -------Beech Planks of all forts, the 120  -
 «■   — Beech Quarters of all forts, under 8 inches
            fquare, the 120
 -    — Boards, the 120, viz.
         -----— Clap Boards, not exceeding 5 feet 3
                       inches in length, and under 8 inches fquare -      -    -083
 ——— Pipe Boards, exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in
                       length, and under 8 inches fquare, the 120     »              -067
 ■  - Bowfprits. See Marts.
 ■ ■ — Box Wood, the ton of 20 cwt.         -    - I 1       2
 -------Deals and Deal Ends of all forts, the 120          056
 -  ■ -— Ebony, the ton of 20 cwt. -        -    - o 14 o
 - ---— Fire Wood, the fathom 6 feet wide and 6
            feet high -         -      -    -     -        007
 « ■' Fir Quarters of all forts, under 8 inches
            fquare, the 120       -       -       - J 0  II   o
Duties. Drawbacks. 
£. s.   £. s. d.   
026     022        
050     0 3 7      
004     002        
012     ---        
0 1 5^  0 2 4x     
016     0 i 5      
O                  
V/l                
O       0 12 1     
008     008        
•                  
0 O 1   001        
 o 3 H
132 o o
 o 0 7
 on o
 056
 034
 Oil o
  o 3 04 130 5 o
006
004
009
007
019
00b
001
010
Go gle
, 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. i8. 687
               SCHEDULE (B.)---INWARDS.                 Duties. Drawbacks. 
Wood continued, viz.                                    jr. s.  £. s, d.   
-Handfpikes, the 120, viz.                                                 
■    ' --- under 7 feet in length -                       016   0 0 2      
■    ■ ■ 7 feet in length or upwards -                    029   OO3        
  ■ ■ --- - Knees of Oak of all forts, under 8 inches      r               
fquare, the 120                                           056   0 0 6      
------8 inches fquare                                                      
or upwards, the                                                            
load of 50 cubic                                                           
feet                                                      038   OO4        
• ----Lathwood in pieces of all forts, the fathom,                         
6 feet wide and                                                            
6 feet high -                                           0 3 10  OO4*       
■■ Lignum Vitae, the ton of 20 cwt. -                   074     0 0 8      
--- --- Mahogany, the ton of 20 cwt.                    0 14 4  OI4        
meter, and un¬                                                             
der 8 inches, the                                                          
piece -                                                   022   Ol6        
meter, and un¬                                                             
der 12 inches.                                                             
the piece                                                 045   0 3 I      
------- 12 inches in dia-                                                  
meter and up¬                                                              
wards, the load                                                            
of 50 cubic feet                                        0 15 5  0 7 10     
--Oak Plank of all forts, the 120                       056     006        
-Oars, the 120 -                                        0 13 2  0 12       
■    . --- Olive Wood, the ton of 20 cwt.               083     0 0 9      
■    ■■■--- Round Wood in pieces of all forts, under 8                     
inches fquare, the 120                                    022   0 0 2      
--- --- Spars of all forts, under 6 inches in diameter,                    
exclufive of the Bark, the 120                          067     0 0 7      
--Speckled Wood, the ton of 20 cwt. - -                 0 11 0  0 I 0      
■----- *---not exceeding 50 inches in                   042     0 0 5      
length -                                                  007   OOI        
----exceeding 50 inches in                                                 
length -                                                0 1 1   0 0 1      
• - ' --- Sweet Wood, the ton of 20 cwt.                0 11 0  O49        
   ------ Timber i Oak, being 8 inches fquare or up-                       
wards, the load of 50 cubic feet                          038   OO4        
rated or deferibed, or otherwife                                           
charged with duty, being 8 inches                                          
fquare or upwards, the load of 50                                          
cubic feet -                                              018   0 0 2      
     
,          Original frqrr:
   NEW YORK PUBLIC
UBRARY
I
688 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. [1805.
         SCHEDULE (B.)—INWARDS.
Wood continued, viz.
—-----Ufers of all forts, under 8 inches fquare, the
         120 ------
 Wainfcot Logs, being 8 inches fquare or upwards, the load of 50 cubic feet -•  —--Yards. See Marts.
       ■ ■ -— unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or other-wife charged with duty, not being exempt from duty, for every 100 of the value -           -     -
Wool Cotton. See Cotton.
     All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize whatever, not being particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwife charged with duty, in this Schedule, and not prohibited to be imported into, or ufed in Ireland, being of the growth, production, or manufacture of the United States of America, and imported according to law, {hall and may be entered and landed on payment of fuch duties of cuftoms (and alfo of excife, in cafes where duties of excife are due and payable thereon) and no higher, as are payable on goods, wares, and merchandize of the like denomination or defcription, upon their importation into Ireland, in (hipping of the United Kingdom, from any other foreign country; and in cafes where different duties are impofed upon goods, wares, and merchandize of the like denomination and defcription, imported from different foreign countries, then, upon payment of the lowed duties which by law are required to be paid on the importation in (hipping of the United Kingdom, of any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, from any foreign country, according to Schedule (A.) of thisaCh
   Duties.
 £• <*• O 8 10 038
 3 19 2
                                                                                 Drawbacks. S» ti*
                                                                                   o o .10
                                                                                   004
072






Go gle
Schedule
X
 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georg 11 III. c.18.' 689
                     Schedule (C.)
                                                 A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth,
   Produce, or Manufacture, of Ireland.
                     OUTWARDS.
 Afhes of Wood, the laft of 12 barrels -
 ---- of all other forts, for every £. 100 of the value -
 Bacon, the flitch -
 ---- other and Hams, the cwt. -
 Bones, Ox, the 1000 -          -,
                                    • unmanufactured, for every ^.100 of
 value
 Calves Slcins, 7 cr ,,
 ____ Valves, 1 for evcry £>I0° of the valuc
 Cards, Wool, the dozen, viz.
       ---- new ------
       ---- old -----                   -
 Cheefe, the cwt. -
 Coney Hair or Wool, black or white, the lb. Copperas, for every /.ioo of the value Fur, called Rabbit’s Grey Fur, the lb.
 Furriers’ Wafte, for every £.100 of the value Geldings, or Nags. See Horfes.
 Greaves, or Greafe, the cwt. - »
 Guts, Ox Guts, the barrel -
 ■    of other animals, for every/. 100 of the value Hair, viz.
 ---- Harts’, the cwt. -
 ---- Horfe, the cwt. -    -
 ---- Human, for every £.100 of the value
 ■    Kids, for every £,100 of the value
 ■    Ox, Cows’, or Bulls’, the cwt.
 Hartfborn, the cwt. -
 Hides, raw or untanned, the piece -Hogs’ or Pigs, the piece alive -Hogs’ Lard, the cwt. -        -
 Horns, viz.
 -     Bucks’, the hundred of 6 fcore
 • - Goats’, the cwt. -
 • ----other Horns, the 1000 of 6 fcore to the
          hundred, viz.
 ------Ox
 -----Rams’ -           -       -       -
 ---— Sheep
 —     Stags’ ------
 • ---Tips of Horns -      -    •
   Vol. XLV.              Yy
Go gle
 DUTIES.
£• s§ d.
                                                                                              O I
                                                                                              5 o
                                                                                              O ' o o o o
- o
the
 o
 o
 o
 o
 5
 o
 5
 o
 o
 5
 o
 o
 5
 5
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 8
 0
 1
 2
 4
500
500
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 3
 5
 6
 7
 o
 3
 0  2
 1  o
 o o
 2
 8
 o
 0 2
 1
 2
 3
 2
 o
 o
 o
 o
 6
 o
 o
 O II
 o o o o
  6
  o
  2
  7
  9
 Horn
                                                                                                                               Original from
 NEW YORK PUBLIC I . *
LIBRARY
                           690 Annoregni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 18
                                                Schedule C. continued. OUTWARDS.
              Horn Shavings, for every £.100 of the value Horfes, Mares, Geldings, and Mules, the piece Hoofs, of all Sorts, for every £. 100 of the value . -Lead, caft or uncafl, the ton of 20 cwt.
              —— Ore, for every j£.ioo of the value Leather of all Sorts, tanned, tawed, or in any way drefled, the cwt. ------
                                       Linen Rags or Shreds, the ton cf 20 cwt.
              Linfeed, or Flaxfeed, the quarter, of 8 bufhels Litharge of Lead, the cwt. -Manure. Sec Soap Boilers’ Wade.
              Nags. See Horfes.
              Oxen, Cows, or Steers, the head -Oyfters in Rickie, the gallon -Rapefeed, the quarter of 8 bufhels -Skins, viz.
              ----- Badger, the piece
              ----- Calves. See Calves’ Skins.
                     ——tanned. See Leather tanned.
              —     Cat, the hundred of 5 fcore -
              ----- Deer, undreffed, for every £.100 of the value
              ■     Dog, the dozen        -
              ----- Fox, the piece -
              -r—■ Goat, undreffed, for every /.ioo of the value
        .     ----- Hare, undrefTed, for every ^.lOO of the value
                                   — Kid,drefled or undrefTed, the hundred of 6 fcore
              ■ — Kips’andRunners’,for every^.iooof the value
              —     Lamb, drefled, without the wool on, the hun-
                        dred of 6 fcore -Lamb, tanned, tawed or drefled, the cwt. Note.-—No Lamb Skins, whether {link or flaughtered, from which the Wool fhall not have been taken off, fhall be exported, except to Great Britain, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof.
              ■ --- Martin, for every £.100 of the value -
              ■     Otter, raw, the piece      -
                     ---- tanned, the piece
                     ---- Wombs, for every £.100 of the value
              •----Rabbits’andConies’,the hundred of 6 fcore, viz.
                     ------ black, with  or  without filver Hairs,
                             drefled or tawed -
                     --------grey, feafoned -
                     --------grey, flagged -
                     — ----- grey, tawed -
                      1 1 — drefled, tawed, or dyed into colours *   — -  Sheep, the 120, viz.
                     -  — drefled, without the Wool on -■■ with the Wool on •
 . [1805.
 DUTIES.
 £. S. d.
 5 0 0
 1 O O 5 0 0
 2 13 9 500
 014
 3 5 8 030 003
-066 - 00 1 -006
-001
 o
 5
 o
 o
 5
 5
 o
 5
 1
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 3
 o
 5
 0
 o
 5
 4
 0 2
 1
 o
 o
 o
 o
03° o I 4
 o
 o
 0
 o
 0
 1
 2 o"
o I #4
010
006
008
010
O 3 r o
too
                                                    Skins,
Go gle

DUTIES.    
£■ . s. d. 
0  1    6  
0  1    6  
0  1    4  
0, 2    6  
0  0    6  
0  0    4  
5  0    0  
1  0    0  
0  1    6  
5  0    0  
0  0    4  
0  0    1  
0  4    0  
0  1    3  
0  10   0  
0  0    6  
1  0    0  
 i8of.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18.         691
                   Schedule C. continued,
                     OUTWARDS. ‘
 Skins, continued.
      Sheep, tawed, with the Wool on
      ----- Pelts, drefied or undrefTed ' -
      ----- tanned, taw$d, or drefied, the cwt.
 ---- Squirrel, the 1000       -       -       -
 ---- Stag, the piece -
 ■ ■ - Swan, the piece     -
 Slugs of Horns, for every £.100 of the value Soap-boilers’ Wafte, and all other Manure (except Lime), the ton -               -       -       -
 Tallow, the cwt. -Tanners’ Wafte, for every j£.ioo of the value Tongues, called Neats’ Tongues, the dozen Tonnage Duty. See Schedule (D.)
 Tripes, the cwt.      -                     - - -
 Wax, unmanufactured, the cwt. -Weld, the cwt.         -
 Woad, the ton of 20 cwt. -        -
 -------Nets, the hundred of 5 fcore
                                                                Yarn, Linen, for every pack of ftatutable Linen Yarn, of 400 lbs. weight, at 6 fcore to the hundred ------
        In addition to the duties herein-before charged on certain goods of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Ireland, exported from thence, and alfo on all other goods, wares, and merchandize, the growth, produce, or manufacture of Ireland, the following duties are to be paid.
 All goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Ireland, except as herein-after mentioned, exported to any part of Europe, or to any port or place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every £. ico of the true and real value thereof Except
        ------Linen of the manufacture of any part
              of the United Kingdom.
        » ■■ - Bullion.
        ------Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported from Ireland to tTie Ifle of ' Man, which may be legally exported to the faid Ifland.
        ■ ■ - Cotton Yarn, and all other Cotton Manufactures, being of the Manu- . faCture of Ireland.
        ■■ Corn or Grain.
                            Y Y2
- I 10 o

     Co. gle
 Refined
             ✓
             Origir.pl from *
   NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
692
 Annoregniquadragefimo quinto GeorgiiIII. c. 18. [1805.
                     Schedule C. continued. OUTWARDS.                       £.
Exceptions, continued.
        -------Refined Sugar in Loaf complete and
                 whole, or Lump duly refined, or any refined Sugar called Baftards, or ground or powdered Sugar, or refined Sugar broken in Pieces, or any Sugar called Candy, or Me-lalTes made from Sugar of the Britifh Plantations.
All goods, wares, or merchandize, of the growth produce, or manufacture of Ireland (except as herein-tafter mentioned), exported to any port or place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the limits of the charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, for every £.100 of the true and real value thereof -               -              -  4
        Except
        ——— Linen of the Manufacture of any part of the United Kingdom.
        -------Bullion.
        -------Corn or Grain.
          - ■ ■ ■ Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufactures, being of the Manufacture of Ireland.
        ■ '■ -— Any Sort of Craft, Food, Victuals,
        ,         Cloathing, or  Implement, or   Ma-
                 terials, fit and necefiary for the Britifh Fiftieries eftablilhed in the Ifiand of Newfoundland, for the ufe and fupport of the Mariners or other Perfons employed on board the veflels, or on fhore, in carrying on the faid Fifhery, exported from Ireland to the faid Ifland.
                All refined Sugar, or Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, and all refined Sugar called Baf-tards, and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Sugar broken in Pieces, and all Sugar called Candy, and Melafles made from Sugar of the Britifh Plantations.
r.
o

Go gle
Schedule
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. 693
 Schedule (D.)
A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable upon Ships, Veflels, or other Bottoms, trading to Ireland, from any Country what-fuever, over and above all other Duties payable on the Tonnage thereof, and of the Duties payable on Entries Inwards and Outwards in the Port of Dublin, over and above all Fees payable for the fame
 DUTIES.
 £. s. d.
 Upon every ton of every (hip, veflfel, or other bottom, trading to Ireland (except coafters, and except fhips laden with coals only trading to the port of Dublin) -                  -                r
 Upon every entry inwards, made in the port of Dublin (except port entries and entries on coals) o Upon every entry outwards made in the port of Dublin -                                         .....  o
002
 2 6 2 6
£• s. d.
                                             Schedule (E.)
                                           I
 A SCHEDULE of Bounties and Allowances to be paid on the due Exportation of certain Manufactures of Ireland therein mentioned ; and alfo of the Bounties to be allowed and paid on the Importation of Bark or Hemlock for Tanners’ Ufe.
          _                                Bounties and
         BOUNTIES.—OUTWARDS.               Allowances.
                   LINEN.
 All manufactures of buckram, filleting, and linen, of the breadth of 25 inches or more, whether plain, printed, painted, ftained, ftamped, or dyed ; and all printed, painted, ftained, ftamped, or dyed callico or cotton, or cotton mixed with linen of the like breadth, viz. For every yard thereof Under the value of 5 d.which {hall be exported from Ireland to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal,
   Gibraltar, or Minorca   -     -
 Of the value of 5 d.and under the value of 6 which {hall be exported to any of the places aforefaid -Of the value of 6 d.and not exceeding if. 6 in value, which (hall be exported to any of the places aforefaid      -           ....
 And foin proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.
-00
o o
-00
<4
 li
The
Go gle
                                                                                                                                                      Original fron NEW YORK PUBLIC
 LIBRARY
694 Annoregni quadragefimoquintoGeorg 11 III. c. 18.           [1805.
                     *                                    Bounties and
                .       Schedule (E.)—Outwards.          Allowances.
                             .           .    *           .       d*
            The value of fuch linens, callicoes, and cottons, if printed, painted, ftained, damped, or dyed, or of fuch cottons mixed with linen, whereupon they are to be refpe&ively entitled to the bounties afore-faid, to be deemed their value when in a plain Rate, and exclufive of fuch printing, painting,
              Gaining, (lamping, or dying.
                Note.—Kentings, and all fabricks made of linen and hempen yarn only, to be deemed and conftdered as linen.
            AH manufactures, of linen checquered or ftriped with any other material than linen yarn, of the breadth of 25 inches or more, and of the value of the yard, and not exceeding ii. 6 in value, which (hall be exported to any of the places aforefaid, for every jtard thereof -         -     -     -000
            And fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.
            When any of the aforefaid linens (hall not be of the breadth of 25 inches, they (hall be entitled to receive the bounty after the rates aforefaid, deeming every 900 fquare inches equal to on® yard of 25 inches breadth or upwards.
            All manufactures of diapers, huckabacks, (heetings, or linens upwards of one yard in breadth, and not exceeding ir. 6 d.the fquare yard in value, which (hall be exported to any of the places aforefaid, for every fquare yard thereof -        -      -00 I ^
            And fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.
          ' All manufactures of fail cloth or canvas fit for or made into fails, which (hall be exported, for every * three ells thereof      -       -       -            .006
            And fo in proportion for any greater Ar lefs quantity.
      •                           SILK.  •



            Manufactures of Ireland made of or mixed with lilk exported under certain regulations, for every pound thereof avoirdupois.
            Ribbands and (luffs made of filk only -            -030
            Silks and ribbands made of filk mixed with gold or filver o 4 o Silk (lockings, gloves, fringes, and laces, and ditching
              or fewing filk -            -                    -013
            Stuffs made of filk and grogram yarn mixed -       -008
            Stuffs made of filk and worded mixed ‘             -006
            Stuffs made with incle or cotton -     -           -010
            And fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.
                                                  BOOKS.
            Books unbound, if printed on Britifh or foreign paper, for every lb. thereof avoirdupois    -             -001
                                                                                                     SUGAR
 Go gle
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18
                                              Bounties and
            Schedule (E).—Outwards.          Allowances.
               SUGAR REFINED.                    s. d.
 The bounties thereon are regulated by particular a&s.
         BOUNTIES.—INWARDS.
 For and upon every barrel of bark or hemlock which (hall be imported into Ireland, viz.
 From any country in Europe, except Great Britain 040 From America -       -      -  -         -050
                      Schedule (F.)
 COUNTERVAILING DUTIES payable on the Importation from Great Britain into Ireland of certain Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, in lieu of Countervailing Duties on the like Articles under former ACls. '
                                            Countervailing
                                               Duties.
                      BEER                    £. s. d.
 For and upon every barrel of beer or ale, containing
   thirty-two gallons, brewed or made in Great Britain o 6 11J And fo in proportion for any greater or le(s quantity.
               CARDS and DICE.
 For and upon every pack of printed, painted, or playing cards, made and manufactured in Great Britain -            -       -      -             -020
 And a further duty, the lb.  -      -            -003
 For and upon every pair of dice, made or manufactured in Great Britain       -   ▼    -            -0150
                    PAPER.
                                       v
 For and upon every lb. weight avoirdupois Of paper tit or proper for, or that may be ufed for, / or applied to, the ufes or purpofes of writing, drawing, or printing, or either of them, and all elephant paper and cartridge paper -              -003
 Of all coloured paper, and whited brown papers, other than and except elephant and cartridge paper, fit or- proper for the ufes or purpofes of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper or capable of bCing ufed for, or applied to, the ufes or purpofes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, and alfo except paper hangings -         -002
• *95
                                                             Original from J
 NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
     696 Anno rcgni quadragefimo qulnto Georg 11 III. c. 18 Schedule (F.)—Countervailing Duties.
                        .0             •
                Of brown paper fit and proper for the ufe and pur-pofe of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being ufed for, or applied to, the ufes or purpofes of writing, drawing, or printing, or either of them -              -    -     -
                For and upon every hundred weight
                    Of glazed paper for clothiers and hotpreffers -And fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.
                    Of pafteboard, millboard, and fcaleboard And fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity. For and upon every pound weight of evety fort or kind of paper not herein-before particularly enumerated cr defcribed, other than and except papers, commonly called or known by the names of fheathing paper and button paper, or button board and paper hangings -
                 t         «                          i  * I
                             STAINED PAPER.
                For and upon every fquare yard of printed, painted, ' or ftained paper for hangings or other ufes, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of books bound or unbound, and of maps or prints, which (hall be imported into Ireland from Great Britain -              -      -      -      -
                             WROUGHT PLATE.
                For and upon every ounce troy of gold or filver plate, wrought, made, or manufactured in Great Britain
                          SILK MANUFACTURES.
                For and upon all filks, being of the manufacture of Great Britain, and imported directly from thence, the following duties, in Irifh currency, viz.
                    For and upon every pound thereof, containing 16 ounces;
                Of all ribbons and {tuffs of filk only Of all ribbons, and ribbons of filk, mixed with go'd or filver      -       -      -      -      -
                Of all filk ftockings, filk gloves, filk fringe, filk laces, Hitching and fewing filk      -
                Of all manufactures of filk, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed -Of all {tuffs of filk and grogram yarn Of all {tuffs of filk mixed with incle or cotton Of all {tuffs of filk and worfted, mixed Of all {tuffs of filk mixed with any other material -And fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.
    
• [>8o5.
     %
                                                                             DUTIES. £■ S* •
                                                                             OOI 0 5 0
                                                                             I o o
003
0 0 2 O O 2\ 0 10
 O 2 6£
 0 3 4 o i 6|
 o 2 oy 007*
 O O IO5
 005
 007!
 SPIRITS.
1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.
       Schedule (F.)—Countervailing Duties.      duties.
                    SPIRITS.                     £. d.
For and upon every gallon of fpirits, being of the
   manufacture.of Great Britain    -    -        o j l-J
           SUGAR REFINED.
 Of the manufacture of Great Britain.
 For and upon every hundred weight, containing 112 lbs.
 Of all fugars called baftards, whole or ground - -
 -    —-------------lumps        -       -
 -------------------(ingle loaf fugar
 -------------------powder loaf and double loaf -
 -------------------fugar candy, brown
 -------------------fugar candy, white
 Of all refined fugar of any other forts
166 2 9 2 13 o 2 ib iii 2 9 8i 2 16 ii£ 2 16 n£
18.
      SWEETS or MADE WINES.
For and upon every barrel, containing 32 gallons wine meafure, of Britifh fweets, or other Britifh liquor, made by infufion, fermentation, or other-wife, from fruit or fugar, or from fruit and fugar mixed with any other material or ingredient what-(bever, commonly called fweets, or called or dif-tinguifhcd by the name of made brines   -     -550
           TOBACCO and SNUFF.
For and upon every pound avoirdupois of unmanufactured tobacco, of the growth or produce of Great Britain, over and above any duties of cuf-toms now payable         -       -    -       -009
For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of,
Britifh manufactured (hort cut tobacco, or tobacco manufactured into what is commonly known or called by the name of Spanifh -         - -015
Britifh manufactured (hag tobacco, cut   -     -013
Britifh manufactured roll tobacco      -       -015
Britifh manufactured carrot tobacco -         -   O  1   3
Of every other fort of Britifh manufactured tobacco
   nor herein-before enumerated or defcribed -015 Britifh manufactured rappee fnuff -      -     -012
Britifh manufactured fnuff, called fcotch fnuff - - o 1  9
Britifh manufactured fnuff, called brown fcotch fnuff o 1 i£ Britifh manufactured (talk flour -     -       -018
For and upon every pound of every other fort or kind     .
   of Britifh manufactured fnuff or fnuff work not herein-before enumerated or defcribed -     -019
                                 CAP.
697

 
                                                                      Original from f NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
     698 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19. [1805.
 4+G.3.'
                                   CAP. XIX.
                   An aft for granting to bis until  the twenty-fifth day of
                  March one thoufand eight hundred and fix, certain inland duties of excife and taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former duties of and taxes.—[March 25, 1805.]
                 WHEREAS by an aft, made in the feffion of                       ,
                       intituled. An adt for charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, certain rates and duties, and for allowing certain bounties and drawbacks upon goods, wares, and merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and alfo for charging certain inland duties of excife and taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former rates, duties, and taxes, bounties and drawbacks ; certain fums of money, duties of inland excife and taxes in Ireland, were among other things granted for the term by the faid aft limited and appointed: and whereas certain of the duties granted by the faid recited aft were altered and by another aft, made in the faid lajl fejfion of parliament,
     44. G. 3. c. 67. An adl for granting to his Majefty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, certain duties on the importation of the goods, wares, and merchandize, herein mentioned, into Ireland, and alfo certain duties of excife on fpirits, malt, and tobacco, in              ; and for the increafe
                 of certain publick revenues in Ireland, by making the fame payable in Britifh currency: and whereas the inland duties excife
                 and taxes in Ireland, payable under and by virtue of the recited afts, will expire and be determined immediately after the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, and it is expedient that certain inland duties of excife and taxes Jhould be granted in the flead of the faid duties and faxes fo to expire as afore-faid: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it cnadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this adl, there lhall be raifed, colleded, levied, and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, upon and in refpedt of the feveral articles and things mentioned, fet forth, and defcribed in the fchedule hereunto annexed, the feveral fums of money, duties of inland excife and taxes, as they are refpedlively defcribed, inferted, and fet forth in the faid fchedule; which feveral duties and taxes (hall be in lieu and full fatisfadtion of all duties of inland excife and taxes granted by any former adt or adts of the parliament of Ireland, or of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on any of the articles and things in the faid fchedule mentioned; except fuch duties as have been or lhall or may be granted or impofed for certain local purpofes in Ireland by any adt or adts of parliament, and which duties are or may be appropriated to fuch local purpofes by the adts by which the
                                                                      faid
 Duties of excife and taxes granted according to fchedule annexed.
    
         1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19. 699
         faid duties are or (hall be granted or impofed, or by any other ail or ails.
           II.   And be it further enailed, That no duty (hall be paid on No duty on
         any beer or ale brewed in Ireland.                                 *,eer °ta,e*
           III.  And be it further enailed, That for and upon all coffee Sd' P^r P°Pn<l
         which, on the nineteenth day of March one thoufand eight °nthe hands hundred and five, (hall be or (hall have been in the pofieffion Qf importers of any importer of or wholefale dealer in coffee in       , there on 19th March
         (hall be raifed, levied, colleiled, and paid, unto and for the life
         of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, an additional duty of five-pence for every pound weight of fuch coffee, over and above all other duties payable thereon under or by virtue of any ail or ails in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this ail.
           IV.   And be it further enailed, That for and upon all coffee P;r pound
         which, on the faid nineteenth day of March one thoufand eight fJJ1 ^ands hundred and five, (hall be or (hall have been in the (lock of any cf retailers retailer of or retail dealer in coffee in        , there (hall be on 19th March
         raifed, levied, colleiled, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his >803. • Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, an additional duty of four-
         pence for every pound weight of fuch coffee, over and above all other duties payable thereon under or by virtue of any ail or            '
         ails in force in Ireland immediately before the palling of this ail.
           V.       And be it further enailed. That all the duties and taxes Duties (hall in this ail, and the fchedule hereunto annexed, fpecified, men- be paid in tioned, and contained, (hall be paid and payable, and received
         and receivable in Britijh currency ; and that in all cafes where certain'ex-any fuch duties or taxes are impofed in refpeit of the value ofceptions. any article, matter, or thing, fuch value, as well as the rate of duty in refpeil thereof, (hall be taken in Britijh currency, except the duties on leather and leather manufailures, glafs bottles, vellum, and parchment made in Ireland.
           VI.   And be it further enailed, That all and every the duties Duties (hall
         and taxes granted by this ail, the necefl'ary charges of railing he carried and accounting for the fame being deduiled, (hall be carried confolidated. to and be part of the confolidated fund of         ;  and  that thefun^
         fum of fixpence per pound, and all other fees which (hall orasalfofee8 may be payable to the lord high-treafurer, or commiflioners for payable at executing the office of lord high-treafurer of            clerk 0ft,le *rl(h
         the pells, or any other officer of the treafury of            , uponcxc etluer*
         i(filing or payment of any fum or fums of money out of the confolidated fund of Ireland, (hall be carried to the faid confolidated fund, in aid and addition to the duties hereby granted, and (hall be accounted for accordingly.
           VII.      And be it further enailed, That neither the fum of No free on fixpence per pound, nor any other fee, (hall be payable to or
         be deduiled or received by any officer or officers of the treafury aanuities! of    Ireland, for or on account of the iffuing or payment of any
         fum or fums of money in difeharge of any part of the national debt of Ireland, or of any intereft or annuities on the fame.
           VIII.   Ar\d be it further enailed, That the feveral inland nr Duties (hall
                                                                                                             ctfcifc be levied and
Go gle
                                                                                                                                                                Original fror YORK PUBLIC
“BRAR^f
      700 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19. [1805.
      applied »s excife duties or taxes by this aCt granted, and exprefled in the u''Jer cxc'fc fchcdule hereunto annexed, fhall be raifed, levied, collected, paid, *4 & r? C. a. ^uet* f°r ani* recoverc^ 'n the fame manner and under fuch powers c. s. and the and authorities, and by fuch ways and methods, and according to afts relating fuch rules and directions, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures to the feveral as are appointed, directed, and exprefled for the railing, collecting, duties,      See. leVying, paying, and managing of duties payable on goods,
                   wares, and merchandize in         ,    in and   by an aCt made     in
                   Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late majefty King Charles the Second, intituled. An a£l jar fettling of the excife or new impojl upon his           Alajejlyy his heirs ana according to
                   the book of rates therein inferted\ or in and by the feveral and refpeCtive a&s in force in Ireland relating refpeCtively to the feveral and refpeCtive duties and taxes in the fchcdule to this aCt mentioned and exprefled ; or in and by any other aCt or aCts which may be in force in Ireland relating to the revenue of cuftoms and excife, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were herein exprefled and enaCted; with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties aggrieved, as in and by the faid aCt, palled in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his faid late majefty King Charles the Second, or any other aCt or aCts as aforefaid, is or lhall be provided.
      fatier8anbtedh'8             ^urr^er enaCted,     That the duty  granted by   this
      on windows,       a°d t^ie fchedule hereto annexed, on houfes not having
      curricles, more than fix windows or lights, and alfo the duties on curricles jaunting-cars, and jaunting-C3rs, and alfo the duty on perfons carrying on the aniThoifes^8* tra(^e coac^ma^ersr or makers of carriages chargeable with for plealure, duty under this aCt, and alfo the duty on perfons felling fuch and dogs, carriages by auCtion or on commifiion, and alfo the duties on flul! be col. horfes, mates, geldings, and mules, kept and ufed, or let to hire hMrthJnder            PurP°k r'ding or of drawing any fuch carriage,
      money a<ff, an<^ the duties on race horfes and on dogs, lhall be raifed, 40 G. 3. (I.) levied, collected, managed, and paid in fuch manner and c- Sl-       under fuch regulations, powers, and authorities, and under
                   fuch penalties and forfeitures as are contained in an aCf, made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An all to regulate the collection of the rates and taxes in Ireland, refpeti of fire          ,
                   coaches and other carriages, and of male , and on houfes inhabited, according to the number windows or lights therein
                   rcfpcflivcly, and to fecure the due payment thereof; and that the regulations, powers, and authorities in the faid recited aCt contained, fhall be applied in the execution of this aCt, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all the faid regulations, powers, and authorities were re-enaCted and exprefledin this aCt.
                     X.     Andy for afeertaining the flock of coffee belonging to all importers of and wholef/le dealers in coffee in Ireland on the faid nineteenth day of March one ihoufand eight hundred and and for fecuring the additional duties by this ad        thereon j be it fur-
                                                                                                                   ther
 1
 <
 .

    
                                                        I*.**’ — :w:.         ^ - TT,-7-f t             II   |J_W1                                   —raw
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      «
 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19.              701
 ther enacted. That every fuch importer of or wholefale dealer Wholefale in coffee in Ireland, who {hall have any fuch coffee in his, her, or their pofTeffion, or in the cuftody or pofTeffion of any other maj.e r,.turns perfon, for his, her, or their ufe, (hall, within fourteen days of their rtock after the paffing of this aft, deliver at the office of the collector >n hand °n of excifc of the diftrift in which fuch coffee (hall have been on March the faid nineteenth day of March, a juft, true, and particular 1 °5' account in writing of the quantity of all the coffee which, on the faid nineteenth day of March, (hall have fo been in the cuftody or pofTeffion of fuch importer of and wholefale dealer in coffee, or in the cuftody or pofTeffion of any perfon for his or her ufe, defcribing the places in which the fame (hall refpec-tively be, and the fituation thereof; and every fuch importer of or wholefale dealer in coffee (hall make oath, or if a £>uaker a folemn affirmation, before any chief commiffioner or fub-commiffioner of excife, that fuch account is a true, juft, and perfeft account of all fuch-coffee as aforefaid ; which oath or affirmation any fuch commiffioner or fub-commiffioner is hereby authorifed to adminifter; and every fuch importer of or wholefale dealer in coffee, who (hall negleft to deliver fuch account, or (hall deliver or caufe to be delivered any falfc or untrue account, fhall forfeit the futri of two hundred pounds; and all fuch coffee, of which fuch account fhall not be delivered, or of which any falfe or untrue account (hall be delivered, fhall all'o be forfeited, together with the calks or packages containing the fame refpeftively, and fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue in Ireland.
   XI.     And be it further enafted, That all the claufes, regula- Caufesof this tions, and provifions in this aft contained, (hall and may be
 applied in the levying and recovering of all duties and taxes and under former arrears of duties and taxes impofed by any former aft or afts in a&s. force in Ireland on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch duties and taxes and arrears of duties and taxes had become due and payable under this a ft./
   XII.     And be it further enafted. That this aft may be altered, ma7 be amended, or repealed by any aft or afts to be made in this thls prefent feffion of parliament.
   XII.    And be it further enafted. That this aft (hall be and Continuation continue in force until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March™3, * one thoufand eight hundred and fix, and no longer.
                              SCHEDULE
Go gle
                                                                      Original from NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
                                 0
               joi • Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III* c. 19. [1805.
            1
                 SCHEDULE to which this Adt refers.
                                    Schedule (A.)
                A Schedule of Inland Duties of Excife and Taxes, for, upon, ' and in refpedt of the feveral Articles therein mentioned.
                               INLAND DUTIES.
                                                                DUTIES.
                                   AUCTIONS.                   £. s. .
                For and upon every twenty (hillings of the purchafe money ariiing or payable by virtue of any fale at audlion in Ireland;
                Of any intereft in pofleffion, or reverfion, in any freehold or leafehold lands, tenements, houfes, or hereditaments, and of any annuities or fums of money charged thereon, and of any utenfils of hu(bandryand farming-ftock, (hips and veflels, and of any plate or jewels       -        -       -006
                Of furniture, fixtures, pictures, books, horfes, and carriages, and all other goods and chattels whatfo-ever (not exempted by law)       -       -   -  o 0 10
                    And fo in proportion for any greater or lefs fum of fuch purchafe money, to be paid by the auctioneer, agent, faCtor, or feller by com-miflion.
                               CARDS and DICE.
                For and upon every pack of printed, painted, or playing cards, made, manufactured, or vended in Ireland        -       -       -      -       -020
                For and upon every pair of dice made, manufactured,
                  or vended in Ireland -  *    -      -      .  o 15 o
                         COACHES and CARRIAGES.
                For and upon all the carriages herein-after mentioned, which any perfon (hall have or keep in his or her pofleffion at any time, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, the feveral yearly rates and duties following:
                For and upon every coach,chariot, berlin, calaOi, or chaife, with four wheels, and for and upon any curricle, or other carriage, with two wheels, drawn by two horfes abreaft, (not exempt by law)
                    If fuch perfon lhall not have, at the fame time, more than one fuch carriage in his or her pofleffion, the yearly fum of     -            -660
   
                        %
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 19. 703
          SCHEDULE (A.) continued. puties. Coaches and Carriages continued.            £. s. d.
 If fuch perfon (hall have, at the fame time, more than one fuch carriage in his or her pofleflion, upon each fuch carriage the yearly fum of -    -     -880
 For and upon every chaife with two wheels (not otherwife charged nor exempt by law) the yearly fum of        -       -      -       -     -440
 For and upon every carr made ufe of and fitted up for carrying perfons, commonly known by the name of a jaunting carr, or pleafure carr, the yearly fum of-         -     -      -       -     -050
     Stage coaches, hackney coaches and chaifes, and coaches, chaifes, and other carriages kept for hire, or kept by the makers for fale, excepted.
 By every perfon who (hall carry on the trade of a coachmaker, or maker of any carriages chargeable with duty by this aft in Ireland, the annual duty of o 5 o By every coachmaker, or maker of fuch carriages as aforefaid, for every fuch carriage with four wheels which he or (he (hall make, build, or conftruft for fale, the fum of -        -             -100
 And for every fuch carriage with two wheels which he or (he (hall make, build, or conftruft for fale, the fum of -            -      -     -     -0100
 By every perfon who (hall fell any carriage chargeable with duty by this aft, by way of auftion, or on commiflion, for or in expectation of profit or reward, in Ireland, the annual duty of -     -050
 By every fuch perfon, for every fuch carriage with four wheels which he or (he (hall fell by auftion, or on commiflion, for or in expectation of profit or reward as aforefaid, the fum of -    -     -100
 And for every fuch carriage with two wheels which he or (he (hall fell by auftion, or on commiflion, for or in expectation of profit or reward as aforefaid, the fum of      -      -       -     - o 10 o
                    DOGS.
 For every greyhound, hound, pointer, fetting dog, fpaniel, lurcher, or terrier, and for every dog, of whatever defcription or denomination the fame may be, where any perfon (hall keep two or more dogs, either for his or her own ufe, or the ufe of any other perfon or perfons, the annual fum of -     - o 10 o
 For every dog, not beinga greyhound, hound, pointer, fetting dog, fpaniel, lurcher, or terrier, kept by any perfon fubjeft to the payment of hearth money, having one fuch dog, and no more, whether the
                                                   fame
         Original from ^
 NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
Go gle
                                         704 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19. [1805.
                              SCHEDULE (A.) continued.           duties.
                 Dogs continued.                                 £. s. .
                   fame be kept for his or her own ufe, or the ufe of any other perfon or perfons, the annual fum of -060
                 For every dog, not being a greyhound, hound, pointer, fetting dog, fpaniel, lurcher, or terrier, kept by any perfon not fubjeCl to the payment of hearth money, having one luch dog and no more, whether the fame be kept for his or her own ufe, or the ufe of any other perfon or perfons, the annual fum of -030 The (aid duties to be paid by the perfon refpec-tively keeping fuch dogs.
                                 EXEMPTIONS.
                 Any perfon who (hall be exempt from any duty on his or her dwelling-houfe, in refpeCl of windows, and not paying hearth money, having one dog and no more, the fame not being a greyhound, hound, pointer, fetting dog, lurcher, or terrier.
                 Any perfon, in refpeCt of a dog or whelp, which (hall not actually be of the age of fix calendar months.
                 Any perfon, in refpeCt of the whole number of hounds by him or her kept, who (hall in any year, within thirty days after the twenty-fifth day of March in fuch year, pay to the collector or collectors of the faid duty in the parifh or place where fuch perfon (hall be fubjeCt to the duty, the full fum of thirty pounds, Irifh currency, by way of compofition, to fuch collector or collectors, and for which a receipt (hall be given within the period before mentioned.
                                FIRE HEARTHS.
                 For and out of every dwelling-houfe, out-houfe, or edifice appertaining thereto, in the whole of which houfe there (hall be two or more fire hearths, or other places ufed for firing or (toves, at any time in each and every year from the twenty-fifth dayofMarch one thoufand eight hundred and five, the feveral and refpetfive yearly rates following; that is to fay.
                                                                                        Number of hearths according to which fuch houfes (hall be charged yearly, and the yearly
rates on fuch houfes refpcCtivcly: Yearly Rate 
Number of hearths.                     or Tax. 
Two                                    - 0 4 6 
Three -                                - 0 7 6 
Four -                                - 0 10 6 
Five -                                - 0 14 0 
Six                                   : 0 18 0 
Seven -                                - 1 2 6 
Eight ...                                 .160 
                                           Out 
   
 >

 1805*] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. ip. 705
                                                       t
                SCHEDULE (A.)                      dvties.
 Fire Hearths continued.                        £.    . d.
 Out of every fuch houfe, out houfe, or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there (hall be in the whole nine or more fire-hearths, or other places ufed for firing, or ftoves, for every hearth, firing-place, or Aove, the fum of -             -       -       -080
                GLASS BOTTLES.
 For and upon every glafs bottle which (hall be made or manufactured in Ireland, of common bottle metal (the lame not being phials), tor every quart fuch bottle (hall be reputed to contain, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity not being lets than one pint* to be paid by the makers , thereof        -       -       -       *       -000^
                     HORSES.
 For all horfes, mares, geldings, and mules, kept and ufed by any perfon or perfons for the purpofe of riding, or for the purpofe of drawing any carriage chargeable with duty under this adt, the feveral duties following; that is to fay,          fo““"u.°Horf7.
                                                Marc, Gelding,
      Number of horfes, mares, geldings, or mules: or Mu,c*
   For 1 fuch horfe, mare, gelding, or mule 2 or 3 4 or 5 6 or 7
      8 or 9     •       —      ■      —
     10 or 11       -
     12 or more     ~ -
 The faid duties to be payable annually, in each and every year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, for every horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, ufed on any occafton, for the purpofe of riding, or of drawing any carriage for which any duty is payable by this adf; and to be paid by the perfon or perfons ufing the fame, except as after mentioned.
                EXEMPTIONS.
 Any horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, Under three years old.
 Any horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, which fhall be ufed, truly and without fraud, for the purpofe of hufbandry on land occupied by the owner of fuch horfe or other beaft, or for the purpofe of drawing any waggon, cart, carriage (except fuch carriages Vol. XLv„                Z  *                as
 o
 0
 1 I I
 1
 2
IS
17
 o
 s
10
*5
 o
 o
 6
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
Go gle
        Original froro ^
 NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
                                              706 Anpo regni quadragefuno quinto Georgii III. c. 19. [1805.
                                     SCHEDULE (A.) continued.               duties.
                     Horfes continued.                                   £. s. d.
                       as are liable to duty by this a<3,) or carrying burdens, in the courfe of the trade or occupation of the perfon or perl'onsto whom fuch horfe, mare, gelding,
                    > or mule, (hall belong, although fuch horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, (hall be ufed for riding on the occafions and in manner herein-after mentionedj that is to fay, when returning from any place to which any load or burden (hall have, by fuch horfe, mare, geldirtg, or mule, been drawn or carried: or in going to any place from whence any load or burden (hall be to be brought back by any fuch horfe, mare, gelding, or mule j or on account of fuch horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, having been ufed for the purpofe of riding to procure medical affiftancej or for the purpofe of riding to or from market, or to or from any place of publick worfhip, or to or from any eledtion of members to ferve in parliament, or to or from any court of juftice; provided fuch horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, (hall not on any occafton be ufed for any other purpofe fave ,as aforefaid.
                    Any perfon occupying a farm and making a livelihood folely thereby, or any perfon carrying on a trade and making a livelihood folely thereby, or making a livelihood by fuch occupation and trade jointly; or any ecclefiaftical perfon, not poflefled of an annual income of one hundred pounds or upwards, whether arifing from any ecclefiaftical preferment or otherwife; for one horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, ufed only for the purpofe of drawing any carriage with lefs than four wheels, not liable to any duty under this adt.
                    Every non-commiflioned officer or private of any of the regiments of cavalry, or in the artillery, (hall be exempted from the payment of the faid duties, in refpedi of one horfe, mare, or gelding.
                    Every perfon enrolled, or to be enrolled, and ferving in any troop of yeomanry in Ireland, who (hall have attended on horfeback one half at lead of the number of days appointed for him to exercife,or be on duty in the year, and (hall produce a certificate from the commanding officer or permanent fcrjeant of his having done fo, and of pay having been drawn for him for the faid number of days, (hall be exempted from the payment of the faid duties in refpedt of one horfe, mare, or gelding.
                    For every horfe, mare, or gelding, bond fide kept for the purpofe of racing or running for any plate,
                                                                  prize,
   
     1S05.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19. 707
I                  SCHEDULE (A.) continued. duties. *
IHorfes continued.                                   £. s. d.
     prize, or Turn of money, or other thing, or kept in training for any of the faio purpofcs, whether in the
I {fables of the proprietor or proprietors, or of any
     other perfon or perfons, the l'um of -               -220
        The {aid duty to be charged annually on the perfon or perfons having the cuftodv, charge, or management of fuch horfes, mares, or |        geldings.
                      LEATHER.
I 1
  For and upon all hides and ikins, and pieces of hides and (kins herein-after mentioned, which (hall be tanned in Ireland, the refpe&ive rates and duties following j that is to fay,
, For and upon every fuch hide and (kin, or piece of any fuch hide and {kin, of any kind or denomination whatfoever, other than fuch as are herein-after mentioned and defcribed, for every pound avoirdupois thereof, and after fuch rate for any greater or lefs quantity         -        -        -             -OOI
I For and upon all hides of horfes, mares, or geldings,
     for every hide -        -      -      -              -010
  For and upon all {kins called veal (kins, and all (kins of hogs, for every dozen {kins thereof, and after the fame rate for any greater or lefs number -             -050
  For and upon all {kins for {hoes and other like pur-pofes, and all feal {kins, for every dozen theieof, and after the fame rate for any greater or lefs number -               -        -        -             -026
(1 For and upon all other {kins for bookbinders’ ufe, for every dozen thereof, and after the fame rate for any greater or lefs number -            -      -              -010
II For and upon all goats’ {kins tanned with fhumac or otherwife, to refemble Spanifh leather, and all {heep {kins tanned for roans, being after the nature of Spanilh leather, for every pound avoirdupois thereof          -        -        -       -             -001?
| For and upon all {heep’s {kins and Iamb {kins tanned for gloves and bafils, for every pound avoirdupois thereof, and proportionably for any greater or lefs quantity          -      -        -        -      -00 c£
  For and upon all hides and {kins, and pieces of hides and {kins, herein-after mentioned, which {hall be drafted in oil in Ireland, the ieveral and refpedlive rates and duties herein-after exprefted, for every pound avoirdupois thereof; that is to fay.
  Every fuch hide and {kin, and piece of fuch hide and {kin, of any nature or denomination whatfoever, z z 2                                        other
1 Co gle
                                                           Original from
                                                  NEW YORK PUBLIC-LIBRARY
 yoB Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Gborgii III. c. 19. [1805.
              SCHEDULE (A), continued.
 Leather continued.
   other than fuch as are herein-after mentioned and delcribed      -
 All deer (kins, goat (kins, and beaver (kins -All calf (kins -All (heep and lamb (kins       -
     And proportionably for any greater or lefs quantity of all fuch hides and Heins.
                                           METHEGLIN or MEAD.
 For and upon every gallon of metheglin or mead made in Ireland for fate, and after the -fame rate for any greater or lefs quantity, to be paid by the makers thereof *
DUTIES.
£. s. d.
o
o
o
o
PAPER MANUFACTURE.
 o
 o
 o
 o
 2
 3
 2
 Or
-004
 For and upon the feveral forts of paper herein-after mentioned, which (hall be made in Ireland, (he feveral and refpedtive duties following, to be paid by the makers of fuch paper refpe&ively:
 For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of paper fit or proper, or that may be ufed for or applied to the ufes and purpofes of writing, drawing, and printing, or any of them, and all elephant paper, and all cartridge paper -          -       -'-003
 For every pound weight avoirdupois of all coloured - papers and whited brown papers (other than and except elephant and cartridge papers,) fit or proper for the ufe or purpofes of wrapping up goods, or fit or proper, or capable of being ufed for or applied to the ufes or purpofes of paper hangings, and not fit or proper, or capable of being ufed for or applied to the ufes or purpofes of writing, drawing, and printing, or any of them          -        -  1     -002
 For every pound weight avoirdupois of brown paper fit and proper for the ufe and purpofe of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being ufed for or applied to the ufes or purpofes of Writing, drawing, and printing, or any of them, and of all button paper or button board For every one hundred weight of pafteboard, mill-board, rnd fealeboard, and paper commonly called '* by the name of (heating or (heathing paper
      And fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.                ,
 For every one hundred weight of glazed paper for
    clothiers and hotpreflers      -        -       -  o  5   0
      And fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.
                                                  For
- o o 1
-100
Go gle
  1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19.       709
                 SCHEDULE (A.) continued. duties.
    Paper Manufacture continued.                £. s. d.
  For every pound weight avoirdupois of every fort or kind of paper not herein-before enumerated or defcribed -         -    -    -    -    -         -003
               PAPER HANGINGS.
  For and upon every fquare yard# of paper which {hall be printed, painted, or ftained in Ireland, to ferve for hangings or other ufcs, and fo in proportion for any greater quantity, to be paid by the printer, painter, or ftainer thereof -         -002
                PLATE WROUGHT.
   For and upon every ounce troy weight of gold or filver plate, wrought, made, or manufactured in Ireland -            -     -    -     -    -    -010
                                                                                 And fo in proportion for any greater or lefs yyeight; to be paid to the excife officers.
                 MALE SERVANTS.
   For every male fervant who (hall be retained or employed by any perfon in Ireland at any time in each and every year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, the yearly fums, duties, and taxes following; that is to fay,
 (For one male fervant *          .     ▼    -    -11O
   For two male fervants, each -        -     -    -1116
   For any number of male fervants exceeding two, and
 I not exceeding four, each             -    -     - 2   2  O
   For any number of male fervants exceeding four, and
     not exceeding feven, each    -     -    -    -2126
   For eight male fervants, each -          -        3   3  o
   For nine male fervants, each -      -     1     - 3  13  6
 I For ten male fervants, each      -      -       - 4   4  Q
   For every fuch fervant retained or employed by any male perfon never having been married, over and above the before-mentioned duties, the further fum of -         -    -    -     -     -    -         -0150
     To be paid by the perfon who (hall retain or employ fuch male fervant or fervants, and to be paid for every male fervant who (hall be retained or employed in any of the following capacities; that is to fay, maitre d’hotel, houfe fteward, mafter of the horfe, groom of the chamber, valet de chambre, butler, under butler, clerk of the kitchen, confeClioner, cook, houfe porter, footman, running footman, coachman, groom, pollilion, gardener, not being a day labourer.
. Original frorh
NEW VORK PUBLIC
 /
LIBRARY
710 ' Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.19. [1805.
                           SCHEDULE (A.) continued.               duties.
                                                                                                            jr. s. d
             park keeper, game keeper, huntfman, or whipper-in, or by whatever name or names male fervants, really acting in any of the faid capacities, (hall be called or known, or whether fucli male fervants (hall have •        been or (hall be retained or employed in one or more
             of the faid capacities, or in any other bufinefs jointly with one or more of the fame.
                                          SWEETS or MADE WINES.
   I               9          9                       ■*
             For and upon every barrel, containing thirty-two gallons, of all liquor for fale made in Ireland, by infufion, fermentation, or otherwife, from fruit or fugar, or from fruit and fugar mixed with any other ingredients or materials, called fweets or ,       made  wines, and after the fame rate for any greater
               or lefs quantity, to be paid by the refpe&ive makers thereof -          -    -     -     -          -550

                       , • TOBACCO.
           For and upon every pound weight of tobacco which (ball be manufactured in Ireland in any manner, to be paid by the perfon manufacturing the fame, or taking any part thereof out of the original package, and to be paid for every pound weight contained in fuch package at the time when the fame (hall be opened -      -    -    -   -009
                                   VELLUM and PARCHMENT.
           For and upon all vellum and parchment which (hall, at any time or times, be made in Ireland, the refpeCtive rates and duties herein-after mentioned; that is to (ay,
           For and upon every dozen (kins of vellum -  -006
           For and upon every dozen (kins of parchment -003
               And proportionably for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch vellum and parchment, to be paid by the maker.
                                      VINEGAR.
         For and upon every barrel, containing thirty-two gallons of vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquors preparing for vinegar, brewed or made in Ireland for fale, and after the fame rate for any greater or lefs quantity, to be paid by the maker - - - O 3 O
                                   WINDOWS.
 ♦


                                                                                                     t

 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19. 711
Upon and out of every tenement or dwelling-houfe, not having more than fix windows or lights; except fuch houfes as (hall not be worth the yearly rent of fifty (hillings, and the occupier, or perfon paying rent for which, hath not any goods or chattels to the value of ten pounds over and above all his or her juft debts, and does not pay rent for houfe, or houfe and land altogether, to a greater annual amount than five pounds yearly (money paid for corn acres, potatoe land by the crop in the nature of corn acres, and for grazing, not being to be deemed or conftdered rent), the yearly rate or duty of             -     -
But, if fuch houfe (hall be worth the yearly rent of five pounds (except the occupier* or perfon paying rent for the fame, hath not any goods or chattels to the value of ten pounds over and above all his or her juft debts), the yearly rate or duty of -And upon and out of every fuch tenement or dwelling houfe, having more than fix windows, the yearly rates or duties following
                                                                                                          SCHEDULE (A.) continued.
duties.
             WINDOWS
                                       V
I
               i
Windows,
LjO gie
               Original from •
                                                                                                          NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
]
xyn Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19. [1805.
                      SCHEDULE (A.)
  Windows continued.
  Number of Windows above Six, according to which the Dwelling Houfe •    fhall be charged yearly, and the yearly Rates thereon refpedlivcly.
 No. of Window*.
  I
  9
 10
 II
 12
 13
 *4
 *5
 16
 *7
 18
 19
 20
 21
 22
 23
 24
 25
 2b
 27
 28
 29
 30
 3*
 32
 33
 34
 35 3^
 37
 38
 39
 40
 41
 42
 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 49
 50
Yearly .Rate.
£. /. o 8
  o
  o
  0
  1
  r
  1
  1
  2 2
  2
  3 3
  3
  4
  4
  5 5
  5
  6 6 6 b 6 6
  7
  7
  7
  7
  7
  7
  8
  8
  8
  8
  8
  9
  9
  9
  9
  9
10
                                                                                                                          11
                                                                                                                          14
                                                                                                                          *7
  0
                                                                                                                          5 11
                                                                                                                          16
                                                                                                                           3
                                                                                                                           9
                                                                                                                          ib
                                                                                                                          2 9 *7
                                                                                                                           5
                                                                                                                          *3
  1
                                                                                                                           9
                                                                                                                          19
                                                                                                                           1
  3 5
                                                                                                                           7
                                                                                                                          >7
                                                                                                                          *9
                                                                                                                           1
                                                                                                                           3
                                                                                                                           5
                                                                                                                          *5
                                                                                                                          *7
                                                                                                                          *9
                                                                                                                           1
                                                                                                                          3 *5 J7 *9 1
                                                                                                                           3
                                                                                                                          >5
                                                                                                                          *7
                                                                                                                          19
                                                                                                                           1
to 2 10 15
 </.
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 b
 o
 6
 o
 6
 o
 6
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 c
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
No. of Window*.
 5*
 52
 53
 54
 55
 56
 57
 58
 59 to bi
 62
 63
 b4
 65
 bb
 67
 68
 69
 70
 71
 72
 73
 74
 75 .76
 77
 7«
 79
 80
 81
 82
 83
 84
 85
 86
 87
 88
 89
 90
 91
 92
 93
 94
           1   I * No of                No. of 
Yearly Rate.      1 Win¬ Yearly Rate.   Win¬   
                   dows.                dow*.  
 £. I.                   £.     1. ft          
 10 27   0            95 29     *5 <3   138    
 IO 29   0            96 29     17 0    : 139  
 II 1    O            97 *9     *9 0    140    
 II 3    0            98 20      1 0    141    
 II >5   0            99 20      0 0    142    
 11 17   0           ICO 21      4 0    143    
 11 29   0           101 21      6 0    144    
 12 1    0           102 21      8 0    >45    
 12 .3   0           *°3 21     10 0    146    
 12 15   0           104 2 [    12 0    147    
 12 *7   0           J05 21     14 0    148    
 12 *9   0           106 21     16 0    149    
 *3 1    0           107 21     18 0    150    
 *3 3    0           ic8 22      0 0    *5*    
 *3 15   0           109 22      2 0    152    
 13 17   0           110 23      3 0    153    
 13 »9   0           111 23      5 0    154    
  H 1    0           112 23      7 0    •55    
 *4 3    0           >23 23      9 0    156    
 14 25   0            *U ^3     11 0    157    
 *4 »7   0           2>5 23     >3 0    158    
 >4 19   0           ll6 23     J5 0    •59    
 15 1    0           217 23     *7 0    160    
 *5 3    0          1 l8 23     *9 0    161    
 *5 *5   0          * 19 24      1 0    162    
 *5 >7   0           120 25      2 0    163    
•15 *9   0           121 25      4 0    164    
 16 1    0           122 25      6 0    165    
 16 3    0           123 25      8 0    16b    
 16 *5   0           124 25     10 0    167    
 16 17   0           125 25     12      168    
 16 »9   0           126 25     14 0    j. 169 
 17 1    0           127 25     16 0    i >7°  
 17 3    0           128 25     18 0    171    
 17 15   0           129 26      O 0    172    
 *7 »7   0           13° 27      1 0    *73    
 *7 29   0          -13I 27      3 0    *74    
 18 I    0           *32 27      5 0    *75    
 18 3    0 1         233 27      7 0    176    
 18 15                                         
• O      0           *34 27      9 0    *77    
 18 17   0           '35 2 7    11 0    178    
 18 *9   0           236 27     *3 0    •79    
 29 1    0 I        2 37 27     *5 0    180    
 J9 3    0 1                                   
 Yearly Rate.
£. «. d.  
27 17 O   
27 19 O   
29 0 0    
29 2 O    
29 4 O    
29 6 0    
29 8 0    
29 10 0   
29 12 0   
29 14 0   
29 16 0   
29 18 0   
30 19 0   
3* 1 0    
3* 3 0    
3* 5 0    
3* 7 0    
3* 9 0    
3* 11 0 * 
3* *3 0   
3* *5 0   
3* • 7 0  
32 18 0   
33 0 0    
33 2 0    
33 4 O    
33 6 0    
33 8 0    
33 10 0   
33 12 0   
33 *4 0   
33 16 0   
34 *7 0   
34 19 0   
35 i 0    
35 3 0    
35 5 0    
35 7 0    
35 9 0    
35 1* 0   
35 *3 0   
35 *5 0   
36 16 0   
Go gle
NEV
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 20.           713
            SCHEDULE (A.)                  continued.duties.
 Windows continued.                          ,    £,  s.
 And for every dwelling-houfe having more than 180 windows or lights, for every window or light exceeding the number of 180         -     - -020
 And further, over and above all the faid duties on houfes in refpedt of the windows or lights therein, an additional duty, after the rate of twenty-five pounds for every onex hundred pounds of- the amount of fuch duties, except on the amount of the duties on houfes not having more than fix windows or lights.
                        CAP. XX.
 An a£l for granting to bis Majejly certain fiamp-duties in Ireland.—
                      [March 25, 1805.]
      Moft gracious Sovereign,
  WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefls, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Jrtlandy in parliament aflembled, towards raifing the neceflary fupplies granted to your Majefty, and for the fupport of your Majefty’s government, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadled ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and common', in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from The (tamp* and after the palling of this a<ft, there thall, throughout that duties ex-part of the United Kingdom called          , be railed, levied, ^nex.-dfche-
  colledted, and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs and (ucceflbrs, juje t,c for and upon the feveral articles, matters, and things, exprelled paid, in the fchedule hereunto annexed, the feveral and refpective rates, impoiitions, duties, charges, and fums of money in the faid fchedule refpeftively mentioned and fet forth j which (aid fchedule (hall be deemed* and taken as part of this adf to all intents and purpofes.
     II.   And be it further enabled, That the feveral duties hereby Duties to be granted {hall be under the government, care, and management under the of the coramiflioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged upon ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper ,n,fljoners for in Irtlandy who, or the major part of them, are hereby required (lamps, and empowered to employ the neceflary officers under them for that purpofe, and (in order to denote the feveral duties payable by virtue of this aci on damped veflum, parchment, and paper, whenpvcr they fee occalion) to ufe fuch ftamps as have been heretofore provided, to denote any former duties on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, or to caufe new ftamps to be
                                                       provided
Go gle
NEW
   Original from >4*
ORK PUBLIC LIBRA
714 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgh III. c. 20. [1805.
             provided for that purpofe, and to alter or renew the fame, or any of them, from time to time; and to do all other things neceffary to be done for putting this ad in execution, with relation to the feveral duties hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner, as they or the major part of them are authorifed to put in execution any former law concerning any duties under their management.
Perfons may HI. And be it further enabled. That it (hall be lawful for ftamps ex- any Per^on or P^f0118 poflefled of, or who (hall be poflefled of, changed for any vellum, parchment, or paper, damped or marked with any new, paying damp or mark to denote any of the duties now payable by law the difference on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which any ot price, Sic.js ^ thjs a(c^ jmp0fec]? greater than the duties now payable thereon, at any time to bring fuch vellum, parchment, or paper to the faid commiffioners, at their head office in                   ,  who
             are hereby authorifed and required, upon requed of fuch perfon or perfons, to order, either that fuch vellum, parchment, and paper (hall be damped with a duty denoting fuch greater or higher duty (the perfon or perfons, requefting the fame paying the difference of price between the faid refpedlive damps); or that any vellum, parchment, or paper, which (hall be brought for the purpofe, by the perfon requeding the fame, (hall be duly damped and marked with damps denoting fuch duties, as the perfon or perfons requeding the fame (hall require in exchange for fuch damped vellum, parchment, and paper, as (hall be offered for exchange (the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be given paying the difference, if any, between the faid refpedive damps): provided always, that the damps marked on fuch vellum, parchment, and paper, to be offered for exchange be cancelled.
Penalty on IV. And be it further enacted. That if any perfon or perfons counterfeiting (hall, at any time or times hereafter, counterfeit or forge, or ftamps, &c. caufe or’ procure to be counterfeited or forged, any type, mark, lo"unentPTnot or ^amP» to refemble any type, mark, or damp, already kept exceeding or ufed, or hereafter to be kept or ufed at the head office of the 6 months) commiffioners of damp duties in             ,   for denoting the
pillory, &c. charging or marking, on vellum, parchmenr, or paper, or other matter dirc&ed to be damped with any of the duties by this a<f) charged thereon, or if any perfon or perfons, fave and except fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be lawfully entitled to have and ufe the fame for the purpofe of damping vellum, parchment, or paper, in purfuance of this adl, (hall have in his, her, or their poffeffion, any type, die, mark, or (lamp, to refemble • any type, die, mark, or damp already kept or ufed, or hereafter to be kept or ufed at the faid head office for denoting, charging, or marking, on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter diredled to be (lamped, any of the duties by this adl charged thereon, or (hall counterfeit, mark, or imprefs, or caufe or procure to be counterfeited, marked, or imprefled, on any vellum, parchment, or paper, any mark or device, ufed or kept at the head office aforefaia, for denoting the charging or marking on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter or thing di«
                                                                                                                 reeled
                                    .  •      NEV; v0R .
    i8o5-] Annoregni quadugefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 20.
    reeled to be (lamped, any of the duties by this act charged thereon, or (hall utter, vend, or fell, or caufe to be uttered, vended, or fold, or (hall have in his or her pofi'effion, with intent to fell the fame, any vellum, parchment, or,paper, with any counterfeit device, mark, or imprelfion thereupon, to re-femble any mark or device ufed or kept at the head office afore-faid, for the purpofes aforefaid, knowing fuch device, mark, or impreffion to be counterfeited, then, and in any of the faid cafes, every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly convicted, (hall, for every fuch offence, be adjudged to fuffer,          >
    and {hall accordingly fuffer fuch punifhment by fine, imprifon-ment, pillory, and other corporal punilhmenl, or by any or either of the faid punifhments, as (hall be adjudged by the court before whom fuch perfon (hall be tried, fuch imprifonment not to exceed fix months.
       V.   And be it further enacted, That all the duties by this act Duties under
    granted (hall be paid and payable in          currency, and that this adt lliali
    all monies arifing by the feveral duties hereby granted (hall be   tUh\:ur-
    paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for rcncyj
    the time being of the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, or
    paper, who lhall pay the fame (the neceffary charges of railing,
    paying, and accounting for the fame, being deducted) into
    the receipt of the exchequer of Ireland, at fuch time and in fuch
    manner as the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper,
    are by law directed to be paid; and all monies fo paid into the ^conioli-*0
    faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be carried to and made part of,iatec) fundof
    the confolidated fund of Ireland.                               Ireland.
       VI.     And be it enacted, That all powers, provifions, rules, Powers of 4.3 methods, articles, claufes, penalties, diftribution of penalties and G. 3. c.ai. forfeitures, and all other matters and things preferibed in and &c.re!atingto by an acl made in the forty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s applied to this reign, intituled. An afl for granting to bis Majejly feveral duties a&. therein mentioned, to he levied by the commissioners for managing the Jiamp-duties in Ireland ; or by any other act or acts of parliament
    in force in Ireland, relating to the ftamp-duties on vellum, parchment, or paper, and not hereby exprefsly altered, fhall be of force and effect with relation to all duties hereby granted, and {hall be applied and put in execution for the raifing, levying, collecting, and fecuring the feveral duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been hereby re-enacted, w ith relation to the duties hereby granted;
       VII.     And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Stamp-duties twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and on licences five, the ftamp-duties now payable in Ireland upon any licence
    to any perfon to fell beer, ale, wine, or cyder or fpirituous y,a>i t»e inlieu liquors by retail, lhall ceafe and determine, and that in lieu of former thereof the duties of (lamps mentioned in the fchedulc hereunto duties, annexed {hall be paid and payable on fuch licences; and that fuch (lamps (hall be provided, and fuch licences (hall be granted and iffued in manner directed in and by an a»t, made in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, An act for making further
regulations
           Original frem^i >B.K PUBLIC LI
o gie
 Duties on hats (hall be in lieu of all former duties.
 Duration of licences.
 (See 44 G. 3. c. a6. f. 12).
                                     716 Anno regni quadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. c.20. [1S05.
regulations for the letter collection and fecurity of his Majefy's re~ venue of cujhms' and excift in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein, or by any aCt or aCts to be made in this prefent felGon of parliament.
  VIII.   And be it further enaCled, That the Gamp-duties upon hats in the faid fchedule to this a£t annexed (hall he in lieu of all duties impofed thereon, by an a£t made in the forty-third year of the reign of his prefent MajeGy, intituled, An ait for granting to his Majejly certain duties on licences to perfons felling
                 hats, and cn hats fold by retail,in Ireland.
                IX.    And be it further enabled. That the feveFal licences mentioned and fpecified in the fcheduie to this act annexed, and to he granted and iflued in manner in this act mentioned and direCted, (hall continue in force until the-twenty-fifth day of March next after the date of fuch licences refpe&ively and no longer; except fuch licences as (hall be granted to brewers, maliGers, and reCtifiers of fpirituous liquors, which licences (hall reflectively continue in force until the twenty-ninth day of September next after the date thereof and no longer ; and except licences to retailers of fpirituous liquors, which (hall be in force until the twenty-ninth day of September in the year for which they (hall be granted.
                X.  And be it further enaCted, That, from and after the
              pa (Ting of this aCt, no perfon or peifons in -(hall ufe,
              exercife, or follow any trade, bufinefs, occupation, or calling, on the licence for ufing or exer.cifing whereof a Gamp-luty is by this aft impofed, without having previoufly taken out fuch licence duly (lamped and in manner by this aCt mentioned and directed ; and that the payment of the feveral Gamp-duties by this aCt impofed on the faid licences refpe&ively by the perfon or perfons applying for the fame, fliall be in lieu and full fatis-faCtion of all duties payable by law under any aCt or a&s in force in Ireland relating to fuch licences ; and that any perfon or perfons in Inland who, from and after the palling of this aCl, fliall life, exercife, or follow any trade, bufinefs, occupation, or calling, on the licence for ufing or exercifing whereof a (lamp-duty is by this aCl impofed, without having previoufly taken out fuch licence duly (lamped and in manner by this aCt directed, (hall for every fuch offt »* e forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds to he recovered and applied in fuch manner as penalties to the like amount may be recovered under the faid recited eCl made in the forty-third year of his prefent MajeGy’s reign, for granting to his Majelty feveral duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the commiflioners for managing the Gamp-duties in Ireland.
  XI.   And be it further enafled. That fo much and fuch parts only of any aCl or aCts in force in Ireland at the time of the palling of this aCl, as empowers the collectors of excife in Ireland to grant any licence or licences which is or are by this aCl made fubjcCt to Gamo-duties, or to receive any duty or fee upon the granting of any“luch licence or licences, (hall be and
                                                                                               the
 Penalty on perfons exercifing trades not having damped licences under this ad.
 Repeal of fo much of former ads (fee 40 O. %. c. ) as empowered colled ors to grant licences.
   
i
I
I
I
 1805.] Annoregni qnadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. *                     717
 tbs -fame is and are hereby repealed, fo far as the fame relate to / licences to be granted after the palling of this act; provided always, that all other rules, regulations, and directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, contained in any aft or afts in force in Ireland before the palling of this aft, relating to licences, on which a duty is by this aft impofed, lhall be and continue in full force and effect; any thing in (bis aft to the contrary notwithftar.ding.
   XII.   And be it further enafted, That licences to perfons.
   To manufacture tobacco or to deal in unmanufactured tobacco        T
   And alfo licences to perfons to keep a ftill or (tills to reClify or            ,!
 compound fpitfks and ftrong waters :
   And alfo licences to factors or perfons not being diffillers and not being otherwife' licenfed to fell fpirits, felling foreign fpirits or home-made fpirits on commiffion :
   And alfo licences to perfons not being maltfters, felling malt on commillion :
   And alfo licences to petfons to keep a malthoufe and make malt for fa!e:
   And alfo licences to perfons to brew ftrong beer or ale, or •fmall beer, for fale :
   And alfo licences to perfons to brew or make for fale fwects or made wines:
   And alfo licences to perfons to make for fale or fell metheglin or mead :
   And alfo licences to perfons to make vinegar for fale :
   And alfo licences to perfons to keep a tan yard or tan pit, or to tan leather, or to drefs hides or (kins in oil:
   And alfo licences to perfons to make vellum or parchment:
   And alfo licences to perfons to manufacture paper-hangings for fale, or to fell paper-hangings:
   And alfo licences to perfons to keep a mill for making paper:
   And alfo licences to perfons to fell by auflion:
   And alfo licences to perfons to make glafs bottles and other vefiels and utenfils of common bottle metal:                              .
        ■ *         * r
 Shall and may, from and after the paffing of this aft, be granted and ifiued in manner following; that is to fay. If any perfon or perlbns requiring any fuch licence do and lhall produce to the chief commiffioners of excife in Ireland, or to any perfon or perfons to be by the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, for that purpofe appointed, vellum, parchment, or paper, duly ftamped with the duty by this aft required for fuch licences re-fpeftively (but not otherwife), it fhall and may be lawful for                 *
 fuch commiffioners, or for the perfon or perfons by the faid commiffioners for that purpofe appointed, to grant any fuch licence or licences refpeftively to any perfon or perfons who fhall refpeftively require the fame, in writing, without any fee or reward for the fame; arid that in all fuch licences lhall be contained and fet forth the purpofe of fuch licence, the name and
                                                       refulence
    Original from
 york public Library
Go gje
                      718 Anno regni quadragefmio quinto Georgii III. c. 20. [1805.
                rcfidence of the perfon to whom the fame (ball be granted, the date of ifluing the fame, and the time for which the fame (hall be in force, in fuch manner and form as may be from time to time di reded by the fa id commiflioners of excife for that pur-pofe.
                  XIII.    And be it further enacted. That, from and after the parting of this ad, the commiflioners of (lamp-duties in Ireland for the time being, or any of them, or any perfon or perfons to be for that purpole appointed by thefaid commiflioners, (hall and may, under his or their hand or hands, grant any licence or licences (without fee or reward) to any perfon or perfons who (ball requiie the fame, in writing, for any of the purpofes following j that is to fay,
                  To manufadure hats:
                  To fell coffee by retail, or to keep a coffeehoufe :
                  To manufacture candles or foap for fale:
                  To fell tea or groceries by retail :
                                    To fell or make for fale any gold or filver plate:
                  To be hawkers, pedlars, or petty chapmen :
Penalty on ifluing undamped licences, 100/.
 A£t may be altered or repealed this feflion.
And that in all fuch licences (hall be contained and fet forth the purpofe of fuch licence, the name and relidence of the perfon to whom the fame (ball be granted, the date of ifluing the fame, and the time for which the fame fhall be in force, in fuch manner and form, as may be from time to time directed by the faid commiflioners of (lamps for that purpofe.
    XIV.  And be it further enacted. That, from and after the
palling of this adl, if any perfon who is or fhall be authorifed or empowered by or under this act to grant or ifl'ue any licence on which a (lamp-duty is impofed by this adl, (hall grant or iflue any fuch licence on undamped vellum, parchment, or paper, or on vellum, parchment, or paper not (lamped wiih a ftamp to the amount by this adl required, every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds Britijh currency; to be recovered by any perfon who will fue for the lame, by adlion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in          and if upon any
fuch information a verdidt fhall be given and judgement entered thereon againft the defendant, fuch perfon lhall forfeit his office, and fhall be for ever difabled from being again appointed thereto.
    XV.      And be it further enadted. That this act may be altered, amended, or repealed, by any adt or adts to be made in this pre-fent feflion of parliament.
   
                               SCHEDULE
 805.] Anno regni quadrageftmo quinto Georgii III. c. 20. 719
                                A Schedule of the feveral Duties of Stamps to be paid on the feveral and refpeftive Articles herein fet forth.
For and upon every japanned hat or hats made of wool, felt, fluff, beaver, or leather, or any mixture of them, or with any other fubftance or fubflances, by whatever name fuch hat (hall be called or diflinguifhed, not exceeding the price or value of 5*. including all the mountings or other ornaments, except gold and ftlver lace, which (hall be uttered, vended, or fold, by any perfon taking out a licence for uttering or vending hats by retail         -   O  o  3
For and upon every hat made as aforefaid exceeding the price or value of 5s. and not exceeding the price or value of 7 s.Irish currency, including all the mountings or other ornaments, except gold or ftlver lace, which (hall be fo uttered, vended, or fold          -       -         -      -               -006
     Exceeding 7 s.and not exceeding      --010
     Of the price or value of 18r. and upwards -026
For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of paper, on which (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, any of the following articles, or any part thereof, the refpective duties following, viz.
Any receipt or other difcharge given by any officer of the revenue on payment of money for or on account of any duty on dwelling-houfes, in refpedl of hearths or windows, on coaches or other carriages, on horfes, and on male fervants ;
     If the fum paid (hall in the whole amount to ,
       and (hall not amount to £-20    -       -006
     If the fum (hall amount to £.20, and (hall not
       exceed £.50    -      -     -           -010
     And if the fum (hall exceed £.50   -      -026
       The faid duties on receipts to be paid by the perfons to whom fuch receipts (hall be given by the officer of the revenue.
Any licence to any perfon to manufacture hats commonly called or known by the name of felt or wool fluff or beaver hats, or any leather or japanned
SCHEDULE to which this Adt refers
DUTIES.
ARTICLES
Exceeding 121. and under 18;.
020
hats
                                                                    gie
 Original
NEW YORK
1C LIBRARY
                      720 Anno regni quadragefihio quinto Georgn III. c. 20. [1805.
                                  ARTICLES,                       duties.
                                                                                                             £- s-
                hats, in the cities of Du blin* Cork, Waterford* and Limerick* and town of Belfafi                  - - - I 10 O
                  In any city, town, or borough,returning a member to ferve in parliament -        -      -100
                  In any other part of Ireland - - ‘ - O 10 O Any licence to any perfon in Ireland to manufacture
                tobacco in any manner -                -      -800
                  And further, for and upon every tobacco table exceeding one table, which any perfon manufacturing tobacco (hall be licenfed to keep -400 Any licence to any perfon in Ireland to deal in unmanufactured tobacco, except as a wholefale importer only -                -        -      -         -10 00
              Any licence to any perfon to fell by retail, or other-wife deal in coffee, in any city or town in Ireland fending a member or members to ferve in parliament, or within two miles of the feffions houfe or market houfe thereof, except importers thereof, or perfons licenfed to fell tea or groceries -     - I O O
              Any licence to any perfon to fell by retail, or other-wife deal in coffee, in any part of      , not being
                a city or town as aforefaid, except as aforefaid - o 10 o Any licence to any perfon in Ireland to manufacture
                candles or foap for fale * -    -      -             -200
              Any licence to any perfon to manufacture paper hang-- ings for fale -         -    -     -   -             -500
                                 Any licence to any perfon to fell paper hangings, not
                being a manufacturer thereof    -      -             -100
              Any licence to any perfon to keep a {till or (tills to reCtify or compound fpirits and (troftg waters, for every 10 gallons which fuch (till or (tills is or are capable of containing -        -     -   -            -2100
      *        Any licence to any perfon to keep a mill or mills for
                making paper, for each mill -          -             -200
              Any licence to any perfon to brew or make for fale
                any liquor called fweets, or made wines -            -200
              Any licence to any perfon to make metheglin or
                mead for fale       -        -         -             -200
              Any licence to any perfon to make vinegar for fale  2  0  0
              Any licence to any perfon to fell tea or groceries, including foreign grapes, foreign currants,' raifins, and figs by retail, viz.
                  In the city of Dublin* or within the Circular Road furrounding the fame, and in every city, town, and place, returning a member to ferve in parliament, or within two miles pf the feffion houle or principal market houfe of   any fuch
                     city, town, or place -       -          - -  3  o  0
                                                             In
  c Go gle .                                      ',

 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quintoGEORcn III. c. 20. 721
                                                      ARTICLES.
      In any other part of Ireland -          *
 Any licence to any perfon to fell metheglin or mead by retail                                 ------
 Any licence to any perfon to fell or make any gold or filver plate for fale      -                -
 Any licence t(/any perfon to keep a tan-yard or tart-pit, or tan leather for fale      -
 Any licence to any perfon to drefs hides and (kins in oil -----                                      -
 Any licence to any perfon to make vellum or parchment          -       -        -
 Any licence to any perfon to fell any kind of fpirituous liquors by retail in the places following; viz.
      In the city of                 Dublin, or within the Road
        furrounding the faid city, and within the diftrift of the metropolis -       -
      Beyond the faid Circular Road and wall of his Majefty’s park the               not        more than
        two miles diftant therefrom     -
      In every other place within the diftri& of the excife office of Dubliny beyond the Circular Road and wall of his Majefty’s park the PhaeniXy not diftant more than five miles therefrom -Within the city of          and all places fur-
        rounded by the faid city -           -     -
      And within the reft of the county of the faid city, or within one mile thereof -Within the city of Waterford, and places fur-rounded by the faid city                   ...
      And within the reft of the county of the faid city, or within one mile thereof In-the city of Limerickincluding that part thereof called Saint Francis's Abbey, and all places furrounded by the faid city And within the reft of the county of the faid
 DUTIES.
 £■ >• i. 2 0 0
 IOO
 2 0 0
 IOO
 IOO
 IOO
   40 0 o
   33 o 0
   22 O 0 40 o o
   33 0 0
   40 0 o
   33 0 0
- 40 b o
 city,
 or within one mile thereof
     Within the town of Belfajl *     -    *
     Within one mile thereof, or of the publick lamps therein       -     -      -     -
     Within the cities of     ,           and
               Kilkenny, and within the towns of Galway, Dundalk, Drogheda, and Clonmell -In any other part of It eland than thofe parts before defcribed     -
 Any licence to any perfon to fell fpirits in any place in Ireland, in quantities not left than two gallons, the like duty as is payable in fuch place, on a licence to fell fpirituous liquors by retail.
     Vol. XLV. '          3 A             Any
 33 0 0
 40 o o
 33 o 0
 22 o o
    %
 11 00
V^iO
gle
                                                                                                                                                Originalfr NEW YORK PUBL
 LIBRARY
 I
722 Anno regni quadfegefimo qulnto Georgii III. c. 20. [1805.
                               ARTICLES.                         duties.
                                                     ■g ^         £. s. d.
            Any licence to any fa£lor or other perfon felling ,               home-made fpirits, on commiflion  or   otherwife,
               in any place in Ireland, not being a licenfed diftiller or retailer of fpirits, nor being otherwife licenfed to fell fpirits -     -       -           ^-3000
            Any licence to any fadtor or perfon felling foreign fpirits on commiflion or otherwife, not being a licenfed diftiller or retailer of'fpirits, nor being otherwife licenfed to fell fpirits, nor being the -importer of foreign fpirits      -      -     -   30 O o
            Any licence to any perfon, not being a maltfter or maker of malt, felling malt on commiflion or otherwife        -      -      -         -     -20 OO
            Any licence to any perfon to keep a malt-houfe, and make malt for fale, for each and every ciftern or kiln in each and every mslt-houfe in his or her pofleflion in which fuch bufinefs (hall be carried on in the places following; viz.
                 In the city of Dublin, or within the Grcular Road furrounding the faid city, and within the diftridl of the metropolis -         -     -   30 o ©
                 Beyond the faid Grcular Road and wall of his Majefty’s park the         ,   not more than
                   two miles diftant therefrom -      -         - 20 o •
                 In every other place, within the diftrift of the
                   exciie office of Du, beyond the Grcular Road and wall of his Majefty’s park the , Phoenix, not diftant more than five miles
                   therefrom -             -   -      -            -1500
                 Within the city of , and all places fur-
                   rounded by the faid city        -  -         - 30 O O
                 And within the reft of the county of the faid
                   city, or within one mile thereof   -         - 20 o o
                 Within the city of            , and all   places
                   furrounded by the faid city     -  -         - 30 O O
                 And within the reft of the county of the faid city, or within one mile thereof     -     -   20  O  o
                 In the city of Limeric, including that part thereof called Saint Francis's , and all places furrounded by the faid city -       -   30 O o
                 And within the reft of the county of the faid
                   city or within one mile thereof    -    -2000
                 In the town of Belfajl -      -      -         - 30 O O
                 Within one mile thereof or of the publick lamps
                   therein -            -      .      -         - 20 O ©
         '         Within the cities of Armagh.,        ,     and
                           Kilkenny, and in any other place in or
                   town corporate, or borough, returning any member to ferve in parliament      -    - 20 o ©

                 J /-w m m .   *                            %
1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.
20. 7«3


                       ARTICLES.
      In any other part of Inland than thofe parts before defcribed Any licence to any perfon in Ireland to brew ftrong beer, or ale, or fmali beer, for fale, for each and every brewh#ufe ufed by fuch perfon in the places following;                    viz.
      In the city of Dublin, or within the Circular Road furrounding the faid city, and within the diftridt of the metropolis, or beyond the laid Circular Road and wall of his Majefty’s park the Phoenix, not more than two miles diftant therefrom
      In every other place within the diftrift of tho excife office of Dub, beyond the Circular Road and wall of his Majefty’s park the Phoenix, not diftant more than five miles therefrom -              -       -
      Within the city of'Coand all places fur-rounded by the faid city ... And within the reft of the county of the faid city or within one mile thereof Within the city of Waterford and all places fur-rounded by the faid city ... Within the reft of the county of the faid city, or within one mile thereof In the city of Limerick, including that part thereof called Saint     France* s , and all places fur-
         rounded by the faid city Within the reft of the county of the faid city, or within one mile thereof In the town of Belfajl Within one mile thereof or of the publick lamps therein -Within the cities of        ,             ,  and
                Kilkenny,and in any other place in  ,
         being a town corporate or borough, returning any member to ferve in parliament In any other place in Ireland -          -
 Any licence to at.y perfon to keep a coffee-houfe Any licence to any perfon to fell by auction within the diftrict of the metropolis, or within fix miles of the Caftle of Dublin j or within the city of Cork and all places fqrrounded by the faid city, and within the reft of the county of the faid city; or within the city of Waterford, and all places fur-rounded by the faid city, and within the reft of the county of the faid city ; and in the city of        ,
    including that pjtrt thereof called Saint Francis's
                          3 A 2                Abbeys
 DOTIES.
 £, s. d.
- 15 o o
                                                 - 50 0 o
                                                    ftM 4 ^
   30 6 6
   50 o o
   30 o o
   50 o 0
   30 O 9
 - 50 o o
   30 o o 50 o o
 - 30 o o
                                                                                                25 o o
                                                                                                20 O O 2 0 0
LiU
gk
         Original from 9
 NEW YORK PUBLIC'UBRARY
 \
 724 Anno rcgni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 21. [1805.
ARTICLES.
   Abbey, and all places furrounded by the faid city, and within the reft of the county of the faid city, and in the town of Belfajl -
      In any other part of Ireland -          -      -
 Any licence to any perfon in Ireland to make £lafs bottles, and other veftels or utenfils, made of common bottle metal ------
 Any licence to any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading perfon, going from place to place in Ireland, and travelling either on foot or with horfe or other beaft of burthen, or otherwife carrying to fell, or expoling to fale, ai.t goods, wares, or merchandize } alfo to travelling tinkers and cafters of iron and metal, and to perlons hawking about tea or coffee for fale -           -      -       -
      And further for felling, or expofing to fale, any gold or filver plate -And further for every horfe or other beaft bearing or drawing burthen which fuch perfon fhall fo travel with, or caufe to be ufed for the pur-pofe of carrying or drawing his, her, or their goods, wares, or merchandize -Upon every deputation or appointment of a game-keeper granted to any perfon by a lord or lady of a manor, or other perfon in Ireland
 DUTIES.
£. s. d.
- 10
 o
 0
 0
 o
 0 o
-    2   o   a
 I Q O
-200
-220
CAP. XXI.
 4} 0.3. c. *8.
 Rates on conveyance of letters in Ireland granted by recited atft (except the penny poll) repealed, and the following rates to be paid.
 An ail for repealing certain duties upon letters and packets fent by the pojl within Ireland, and granting other duties in lieu thereof. [March 25, 1805.]
 WHEREAS by an ail, made in the forty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled,An aft for granting to his Majefty certain rates and duties upon letters and packets fent by the poft within Ireland, certain duties of pojlage were Ireland ; and it is expedient that the faid rates and duties as
 herein-after mentioned) Jbould ceafe and determine, and other rates and duties be granted in lieu thereof: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the expiration of ten days after the palling of this aft, the rates and duties for the poftage and conveyance of letters and packets fent by the poft in Ireland, granted by the faid recited aft, (except the rates and duties by the faid aft granted on letters and packets conveyed by the penny poft in Ireland), (hall ceafe and determine; and that, from and after the expiration of
                                                                                                        ten
Go gle
 i8of.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 21. 72$
 ten days after the pafTing of this a&, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the poftmafter or poftmafters-general of Ireland for the time being, and his or their deputy or deputies, fervants and agents, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the portage and conveyance of all letters and packets which he or they (hall convey, carry, or fend pod to and from places within        , according
 to the feveral rates and fums of money, Irijh currency, hereinafter mentioned; that is to fay,
   For the port and conveyance of every fingle letter or piece of Rates, paper from the office in Ireland, where fuch letter or piece of paper (hall be put in, to any diftance within the fame, not exceeding fifteen miles, Irijh meafure, the fum of three-pence; and to any didance exceeding fifteen miles, and not exceeding thirty miles, the fum of four-pence; and to any didance exceeding thirty miles, and not exceeding fifty miles, the fum of five-pence ; and to any didancc exceeding fifty miles, and not exceeding eighty miles, the fum of fixpence; and to any didance exceeding eighty miles, the fum of feven-pence:
   And for the port or conveyance of every double letter, double the faid fums refpeftively; and for every treble letter, treble the (aid fums refpe&ively; and for every ounce weight, four times the faid fums refpc&ively; and fo in proportion for any greater weight than one ounce, reckoning every quarter of an ounce equal to a fingle letter:
   And that all letters and packets directed from any place in Ireland to any part or parts in Great Britain or beyond the Teas, or received in Ireland from Great Britain or any part or parts beyond the feas, (hall be charged and pay for their portage and conveyance within           Ireland, from or to ,         , or
   Donaghadee, or any other port where packet-boats for the conveyance of letters to and from Ireland are or may be edablifhed as they (hall refpedlively be (hipped from ox landed in any of the (aid places according to the rates aforefaid :
    And that every letter or packet palling through the general poft office in the city of Dublin, from any place within Ireland not lefs diftant than four miles from the general poft office in the faid city, to any place within Ireland, not lefs diftant than four miles from the general poft office in the faid city, (hall be charged and pay according to the diftances herein-before mentioned to Dublin, and be further charged and pay according to the faid rates from Dublin:
    And that for every letter or packet dire£led on board, or brought or fent from on board, any (hip or veflel riding or (lopping in any port within Ireland, there (hall be charged and paid to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, over and above the rates aforefaid, the fum of one penny.
    II.   And be it further ena&ed. That the faid rates and duties Rates to be hereby granted (hall be railed, levied, collected, managed, reco- *8
                                                                                                                              I llllt
vered,aa
   Ell If
                        726 Anno tegni quadragefimo quinto Georgii ITT. c. 22.[1805.
              vered, and applied, under fuch and the like powers and authorities, rules, regulations, and reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, and fubjeft to the like provifions, exemptions and exceptions, and privileges, as are mentioned, exprefied, and contained in the faid recited aft of the forty-third vear aforefaid, or in any other aft or afts in force in Ireland relating to the rates and duties on letters and packets fent by the port within and that all and every the claufes, matters, and things in the faid recited aft of the forty-third year aforefaid mentioned, ex-prefled, and contained, or in any other' aft or afts in force in Ireland, relating to fuch rates and duties, (hall be applied and extended, and (hall be conftrued to apply and extend to this prefent aft, as fully and efFeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been particularly repeated and re-enafted in this prefent aft ; fave only fo far as refpefts the amount of the duties under the (aid afts, or any of them.
                 III.   And be ift'further enafted, That this aft may be altered, amended, or repealed by any aft or afts to be made in this prefent fefiion of parliament.
 Aft may be altered or repealed this feflion.
 In Ireland the following , duties (hall be paid t
 On malt 9 s. Britiih currency, per barrel.
 On fpirits diftilled from malt, 4J.Brit, ilh currency, per gallon;
                                                 CAP. XXII.
An a£l for granting.to bis Majejly a duty upon malt made in Ireland, and upon fpirits made or dijiilled in lreland,ycr the year one thou-fand eight hundred andfive.—[March 25, 1805.]
     Moft gracious Sovereign,
WE your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament aflembled, towards raifing the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences in Ireland^ have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the duties herein-after mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, within and through that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, there (hall be raifed, levied, collefted, paid, and
fatisfied, unto and to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuc* ceflors, the fcveral duties herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay. For and upon every barrel of malt, ground or unground, which at any time or times from and after the twenty-fourth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, and before the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and fix, (hall be made of barley or any other corn or grain in   ,        by
any perfon or perfons whatfoever, whether the fame (hall be or not be for fale, the fum of nine (hillings Britijh currency, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefs quantity, to be paid by the maker or makers thereof refpeftively:
                                                        For and upon every gallon of aqua vitae, ftrong waters, or fpirits, which at any time or times from and after the twenty-
                          *                                  fourth

     i S05.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 22. 727
                                                      I fourth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, and before the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred
 I and fix, (hall be made or diftilled in Ireland from malt, or from corn malted or unmalted, by any perfon or perfons whatfoever, the fum of four (hillings Britijh currency, and fo proportionably                 «.
     for a greater or lefs quantity, to be paid by the firft maker or diftiller thereof:
       For and upon every gallon of fpirits which at any time or And on fpirits times from and after the twenty-fourth day of March one thou- diftilled from fand eight hundred and five, and before the twenty-fifth day ^^lon like March one thoufand eight hundred and fix, (hall be made or currency, diftilled in Ireland from melafles, the fum of five (hillings Britijb currency, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefs quantity, to             \
     be paid by the fir ft maker or diftiller thereof.
       II.      And be it further enabled. That the feveral duties by this Duties to be ad granted on malt, and on aqua vitae, ftrong waters, or fpirits, levied as other (hall be raifed, levied, colleded, paid, fued for, recovered, and £u(fomsSand applied, in the fame manner and under fuch powers and autho- excife in Ire-rities, and by fuch ways and methods, and according to fuch land, rules and diredions, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as vare appointed, directed, and exprelfed for the railing, collecting, levying, paying, and managing, the duties payable on goods, wares, and merchandize, in Inland, in and by an ad made in Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late majefty King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for fettling the exetfe or
     new irnpofl upon his Mtjejly, his heirs and fucc according to the book of rates therein inferted\ or in and by the feveral and refpec-tive ads in force in Ireland,for collecting and fecuring his Ma-jefty’s revenue upon malt, and for regulating the trade of a diftiller, and for fecuring the duties payable on home-made fpirits, and for the better collection and fecuritv of his Majefty’s revenue of cuftoms and excife in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein; or in and by any other ad or acts in force in       ,
     relating to the revenue of cuftoms and excife, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were herein expreffed and enacted, with the like remedy of appeal, to and for the party or paitics aggrieved, as in and by the (aid recited ad, made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his faid late majefty King Charles the Second, or any other ad or ads as aforefaid, is provided.
       Ill,    And be it further enaded, That all monies arifing from Money raifed the feveral duties by this ad granted, the necelfary charges ofto earned eolleding and paying the fame being deduded, (hall be carried dated fund°l* to and made part of the confolidated fund of Ireland.
       IV.     And be it further enaded. That neither the fum of fix- Fees to the pence per pound- nor any other fee (hall be payable to or be l^atut!F deduded or received by any officer or officers of tit? treafury ofno 0 e pai Ireland^ for or on account of the ifluing or payment of any fum or fums of money arifing by, or which (hall be received for or on account of the aids hereby granted to his Majefty.
                                                                                                                V. And

Go
le
KPUE
        728 Annoregni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 23- [1805.
        AS may be V. And be it further enafted, That this aft may be altered, a*te.rej °r.re* amended, or repealed, by any aft or afts to be made in this pre-££."■“ lent fedion of parliament.
                                   CAP. XXIII.
                           An all to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand
                         eight hundred and fix, and to amend fever al ails for regulating the drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of fugar from Ireland.— [March 25, 1805.]
                       WHEREAS an aft was made in the                        of the       reign
          .      ...          of his prefent Majefiy, intituled. An aft for regulating, until
                       the twentieth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and two, the allowance of drawback on the exportation from Ireland of Britijh plantation fugar, and for allowing certain drawbacks on fugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing Britijh plantation fugar to be warehoufed in Ireland: and whereas an aft was made 4.1 G. 3. c. 60. jn tfje forty-fecond year of the reign of his        to continue and
                       amend the faid recited aft oftheforty-firfi year a for efaid: and whereas an aft was made in the forty-third year of the reign of his prefent 41 G. 3, c, 17. intituled,An aft for difco.ntinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of fugar from Ireland, and for allowing, until the fifteenth day of                     January one thoufand eight hundred and four,
                       other drawbacks and bounties inftead thereof: and whereas the faid recited afts were continued by an aft of the lafifejfion of parliament ; and it is expedient that the faid recited afts Jhould be continued and amended in manner herein           ; be it therefore         enafted
                       by the King’s moft excellent majefiy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid recited aft of the forty-firfi year of his prefent Majefiy, fo far as the fame is not altered by the faid recited afts of the forty-fecond and forty-third years, or this aft, and alfo the faid recited aft of the forty-fecond year, fo far as the fame is not altered by the faid recited aft, of the forty-third year, or this aft, and alfo the faid aft of the forty-third year, fo far as the fame is not altered by this aft, fhall be, and the fame are hereby continued until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and fix.
   II.                And be it further enafted, That if, in the firft publication appears*by the      Dublin  Gazette, purfuant to the faid recited afts of the
          Dublin Ga- forty-firfi and forty-third years after the arrival in Dublin of the zette, that the London Gazette, containing the average price of brown or Muf-oFbrownoi-6 cova^° fugar f°r the quarter of a year preceding the fifth day of Mufcovado May, or the fifth day of September one thoufand eight hundred fugar (hall not and five, or the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred have exceeded and fix refpeftively, or any or either of the faid days afeertained exdufi*vVo?* and t^en in manner preferibed by law in Great Britain, it fhall duty, the appear that the average price of fuch fugar, fo afeertained and drawback or taken for the preceding quarter of the year, (hall not have exbounty in the ceeded feventy (hillings fterling for an hundred weight, exclufive
          nexed to*11" thc **utics Pa‘d or Payable on the importation thereof, then,
                                                                                    and
Recited afts, where not altered, continued till March 25, 1806,
If, at certain
      
            1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 24. 729
            and in every fuch cafe, the drawback or bounty in the fchedule 43 G. 3. c. 17. to the faid recited aft of the forty-third year annexed, mentioned as correfponding to or with the price of which fuch notice in the prjce jn tj,e Dublin Gazette ihall have been given as aforefaid, (hall be paid Gazette, (hall or allowed (except on exportation to Great.  J until notice be paid, &c,
            publifhed in the London Gazette of the average price ior the quarter of a year preceding any other of fuch fubfequent days (hall be given in the Dublin Gazette; and fuch drawback or bounty (hall be paid or allowed in like manner in every refpeft, and fubjeft and under and according to the like rules, regulations, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, as any drawbacks and bounties were paid or allowed before the palling this aft.
               III. And whereas it is expedient, on account of the additional
            duties which have been impofed fince the making of the faid recited aft of the forty-third year aforefaid on raw or Mufcovado fugar imported into Ireland, that an additional drawback Jhould be ,
            and an additional bounty or allowance Jhould be paid on the exportation from Ireland, of all fugar of the Britilh plantations in the fame fate in which it was imported, and of all refined fugar
            fuch fugar on the importation whereoffuel) additional duties Jhall have been duly paid; be it therefore enacted. That during the continu-An additional ance of this aft there (hall be paid and allowed, on the exporta-drawback to tion from Ireland of any fuch fugar or refined fugar refpedtively, of
            an additional drawback or bounty, to be calculated at and after fug^rfroni1 ° the rate of thirty-two pounds and ten (hillings Britijh currency, Ireland, for every one hundred pounds in money of the like currency, on the produce and amount of whatever drawback or bounty may be due and payable on any fuch fugar or refined fugar re-fpeftively, by the faid recited aft of the forty-third vear aforefaid, at the time of the exportation of fuch fugar or refined fugar re-fpeftively; provided always, that fuch additional drawback or bounty, by this aft granted and allowed, (hall not be paid or allowed on any fugar or refined fugar unlefs it (hall appear that all the duties, in refpeft of which fuch additional drawbacks (hall be claimed, were duly paid on the importation of fuch fugar or on the raw fugar from which fuch refined fugar was produced rcfpeftively.
               IV.    And be it further enafted, That this aft and the aftsmaY ** hereby continued may be altered, amended, or repealed, by any ^led thi/*" aft or afts to be made in the prefent feflion of parliament. feilion.
        ;J '                   'C  A P. XXIV.
            An aft for further continuing, until the twenty-ffth day March
               one thoufand eight hundred and                       fix, an , pajjid in the forty-third
               year of his prefent Majefy, for difeontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of fugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu (March 25, 1805.]
HEREAS an aft paffed in the forty-third year of his prefent Majefy, intituled, An aft for difeontinuing certain draw- 43 G. 3. c. *1. backs and bounties on the exportation of fugar from Great ,
                                                                 and
                    ^ gk                                    '    .NEWYORKPUBUCL

 The draw.
 backs and bounties in the fchedule of the firft recited adt 0*41 be paid as heretofore,
              730 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 24. [1805.
                           and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof, until the fifteenth day of 'January one thoufand eight hundred and four: and whereas an a£i in the la/i fejjion of           ,
              44 G. 3. c. 5. intituled, An adt to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, an adt, palled in the laft fefiion of parliament, for difcontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of fugar from Great                     , and         for
 allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof: and whereas it is expedient that the drawbacks and bounties allowed by the faid firjl recited afl Jhould be further continued-, be it therefore enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the feveral drawbacks and bounties in the fchedule to the faid firft recited ad annexed (ball be paid and allowed in like manner in every refpedt, and fubjedt to and under and according to the like rules, regulations, reftrictions, (except where penalties, and forfeitures, (except where any alteration is made hereby alter- by this adt), as any drawbacks or bounties were paid or allowed '            before the parting of the faid firft recited adt or this adt.
              da *s"herein H* And be it further enabled. That if, on the fifth day of Mery mentioned! it or on t*ie fifth dav of September one thoufand eight hundred and {hallappear by five, or on the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hun notice in the dred and fix refpedtively,or any or either of the faid days, it fhall zette°hauh"e aPPear> by notice in the London       , in  manner  direified by
              average "prices an a<^» made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent of brown or Majefty, intituled. An abi for regulating the allowance of the -Mufcovado back and payment of the bounty on the exportation of fugar, andfor fugar Dial i not permitting the importation of fugar and coffee into the Bahama and
              forThTpre-* Bermuda ijlands in foreign    , that the average prices of brown
              cedingquar- or Mufcovado fugar, taken in manner directed by the faid laft ter 70 i.per recited adt, for the preceding quarter of the year, fhall not have C7afxclV**ve exceeded feventy (hillings for an hundred weight, exclufive of dra%vback or ^ duties °f cuftoms paid or payable thereon on the importation bounty in the into Great Britain, then and in every fuch cafe the drawback or fchedule of bounty in the fchedule to the faid firft recited act annexed, men-* a recl^e<* tioned as correfponding to or with the price of which fuch notice c tVcvrrc- ,n London Gazette (hall have been given as aforefaid, fhall be fponding with paid or allowed, until notice of any other average fhall be given the price, (hall it the London Gazette on the Saturday immediately preceding be paid. See. any other of fuch fubfequent days ; and fuch drawback or bounty fhall be paid or allowed in like manner in every refpedt, and fubject and under and according to the like rules and regulations, reftridtions, penalties, and forfeitures, as any drawbacks and bounties were paid or allowed before the pafling of the faid firft recited act (except as any fuch rules or regulations are altered by the faid adt) j and the whole of the duty granted by an adt, parted in the forty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for granting to his Mafejly certain duties of cujloms ar imported on timber, fugar, raifins, and pepper, imported into and on lead exported
 >y the Eaft from Great .Britain, upon fugar imported into Great Britain By India Com-                               w                                        the
 and the duty granted by 41 G. 3. c. *8. on fu-
        
         1S05.] AnnoregnicjuadragefimoquintoGEORGiiIII.c.24—-27. 731
         the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Rajl pany (hall be Indiet, and warehoufed according to law, and fold at the fales of '‘"owed on the faid company after the thirtieth day o    one thoufand thcreoTout of
         eight hundred and one, fhall, upon the delivery thereof out of the warehoufe for warehoufe for exportation during the time of any drawbacks or exportation, bounties being paid or allowed under this aft in refpcft of Britijb plantation fagar, be wholly drawn back under fuch rules, regulations, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures as any former drawbacks are paid and allowed; any thing in the faid aft palled in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty contained to the contrary notwithftanding.
          III.   And be it further enabled. That the faid recited aft of the Continuance forty-third year of his prefent Majelly, and all the powers, pro- r<^Qed ^ vifions, authorities, regulations, claufes, matters, and things in ° the faid aft contained, fhall be, and the fame are hereby further continued, and fhall be and remain in full force until the fifteenth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and fix for the port of London, and until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and fix for other parts of Great Britain; and that this acl may be altered, varied, or repealed by any aft or afts to be palled in this prefent fedion of parliament.
                              CAP. XXV.
         An act, to continue an aft for fufpending the operation of an aft of the feventeenth year of his prefent Majeity, for reftraining the negociation of promiflory notes and bills of exchangeainder a limited fum in England, until lix months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace.—[Marcha 5, 1805.]
         Aft 37 Geo. 3. c. 3*. fo far as fufpends aft 17 Geo. 3. c. 3. further
                                  continued.
                              CAP. XXVI.
         An aft for continuing feveral laws relating to the permitting the ware-hcufing of fpirits in Ireland for exportation, for charging a duty on the fame when taken out for home confumption, and for regulating the exportation to Great Britain of fpirits not warehoufed, until thetwenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and five, to the prohibiting the exportation from, and permitting the importation to Great Britain of com, and for allowing the importation of other article* of provifion, without payment of duty, and to the prohibiting the exportation from Ireland, of cora, or potatoes, or other provifions, and to the permitting the impoitation into Ireland, of corn, fi 'h, and pro-vifions, without payment of duty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and fix.— [March 25, 1805.]
         Aft 44 Geo. 3. c. 104.. continued to Sept. 29, 1805. Aft 39 Geo. 3. c. 87. further continued to March 25, 1806. So much of aft 41 Geo. 3. c. 36. as enables the lord lieutenant of Ireland to prohibit the exportation of ccro. See. further continued to March a5, 1806.
                             CAP. XXVII.
         An aft, to enable the lords-commifiioners of his Majefty’s treafury of Great Britain, to ilfue exchequer-bills, on the credit of fuch aids or fupplies as have been or fhall be granted by parliament for the fervice of Great Britain, for the year one thoufand eight hundred and five.
          [March 35, 1805,]
                                                            Treafury
                CO <j]e !■              '                     -    Original from
                       O .                                     NEW YORK  PUBLIC!
                                        y$2 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1805.
                      Treafury may iflue exchequer kills, in manner preferibed by malt aft of this feflion, c. i. payable out of the fupplies for 1805, on 14. days notice in the Gazette. But not to iflfue exchequer bills on the credit of the afts of tliis ftflfion, c. 1. and a. in any other manner than authorifed by thefe afts. Exchequer bills to bear an intereft not exceeding id. iq. per centum per diem ; and if not paid out of the fupplies for 1805, they lhall be receivable in payment at the revenue in four months after their date. Not to be received in payment of any taxes until payable. Claufes, See. in aft, c. t, relating to exchequer bills extended to this aft. Bank authorifed to advance 6,000,000/* on the credit of this aft.
                           f
                                        CAP. XXVIII.
 The following duties on legacies (hall be paid.
 Duties upon legacies for the benefit of children or their defeend-ants.
                           An attfor granting to his Majejly additional            in Great
                                    Britain on certain legacies.—[April 5, 1805.]
                              Moft- gracious Sovereign,
                           WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament aflembled, towards railing the neceflary fupplies Tor defraying your Majefty’s publick expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the duties herein-after mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That there lhall be raifed, levied, colledled, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, upon all legacies, fpecifick or pecuniary, or of any other defeription, whether the fame be charged upon or payable out of any real or perfonal eftate, and upon all refidues or (hares of perfonal eftate left by any will or teftamentary inftru-ment, or divided by force of the ftatute of diftributions, or the cuftom of any province or place, and upon monies, or refldues or (hares of monies, arifing from the fale of real eftates, by any will or teftamentary inftrument diredted to be fold, the refpedtive duties following ; that is to fay.
                              Upon every legacy, fpecifick or pecuniary, or of any other de-feription, of the amount or value of twenty pounds or more, given by any will or teftamentary inftrument, for the benefit of any child, ordefeendant of any child, and charged upon or given out of any real or perfonal eftate, or monies arifing from the fale of any real eftate, and upon the clear refidue, and every part of the clear refidue of the perfonal eftate of every perfon dying teftate or intef-tate, and upon every part of the clear refidue devifed to any perfon or perfons, of any monies arifing, or that may arife, by the fale of any real eftate, by any will or teftamentary inftrument diredted to be fold, provided fuch perfon (hall leave any perfonal eftate, or real eftate or eftates fo diredted to be fold, of the clear value of one hundred pounds or upwards, in the whole, after dedudting debts, funeral expences, and other charges and legacies, (if any), the fum of one pound for every one hundred pounds of the value
                                                                                                                            of
       
        1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo qulnto Georgii III. c. 28. 733
        of any fuch legacy or refidue, or part or (hare of refidue, and fo after the fame rate for any greater or lefs fum :
           Upon every legacy of the amount or value of twenty pounds or Duty upon more, by any will or teftamentary inftrumerit charged upon or legacies out given out of any real eftate, or monies arifing from the fale of any real eftate, dircfted to be fold, of the clear value of one hundred payabie out pounds or upwards, and upon fuch monies, and the clear refidue, of perfonal and every part or (hare of the clear refidue of fuch monies, after eftates, would payment of debts, funeral expences, and other charges atf lega-cies, if any, and which, if payable or arifing out of any perional 10J          -    ^
        eftate, would, by virtue of an aft pafTed in the forty-fourth year j/. percent, of the reign of his Majefty, intituled, afl to repeal the                under 44 G. 3.
        duties under the commijfumers for managing the duties upon Jiampedc‘ 58*
         •vellum,                             parchment, and  paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new
        and additional duties in lieu thereof have been chargeable with any of the duties of two pounds ten (hillings, four pounds, and five pounds, in the faid act mentioned, the like duty of two pounds ten (hillings, four pounds, and five pounds refpeftively for every one hundred pounds of the value or amount of fuch legacy, or refidue, or part or (hare of refidue, and fo after the fame rate for any greater or lefs fum :                                               Dutv
           Upon every legacy, fpecihck or pecuniary, arifing out of any legacies out perfonal eftate, and upon the refidue, and every part of the clear of perfonal refidue of any perfonal eftate, for which a duty of eight pounds for elV*.te.®’ f°r every one hundred pounds is now payable under the faid recited aft, an additional duty of two pounds, and fo after the fame ratenow pay. for any greater or lefs fum :                                           able.
           Upon every legacy of the amount or value of twenty pounds Duty upon or more, by any will or teftamentary inftrument charged upon legvies out of or given out of any real eftate, or monies arifing from the fale of reeftu teu’ -f any real eftate direfted to be fold, of the clear value in the whole payable'out' of one hundred pounds and upwards, and upon the clear refidue, of perfonal and every part or (hare of the clear refidue of fuch monies, after tftates, would deducing debts, funeral expences, and other charges and legacies, jet,ial>Lefi}° a if any, and which (hall be given for the benefit of any perfon whofe c”ntt° ’ ^Cr legacy or refidue, or part or (hare of refidue, if arifing out of any perfonal eftate, would be now chargeable with a duty of eight pounds per centum under the faid recited aft, a duty of ten pounds for every one hundred pounds of the value or amount of fuch legacy or monies, or refidue or part or (hare of refidue, and fo after the fame rate for any greater or lefs fum.                        Duties not
           II.     And be it further enafted, That the duties granted by this payable on aft (hall not extend to, or be charged or payable in refpeft of any legacies paid legacies fatisfied out of any real or petfonal eftate, or in refpeft °f eftatc^of %r-any refidue or (hare of any perfonal eftate, or of any monies, or fon8 dying refidues or parts or (hares of monies arifing from the fale of any before the real eftate of any perfon dying before the palling of this aft. palling of this
           III.     Provided always, and be it further enafted. That nothing >^f0l. a herein contained (hall extend to charge with any of the duties ciesr parting to hereby granted any legacy or refidue, or part or (hare of refidue, the huiband or which (ball be given or pafs to or for the benefit of the hufband or wif* the de-
                                                                            wife cea-e(h wr to
         Co gle
                           0 *
             ^34 Anno rcgniquadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1805.
             the Royal wife of the deceafed, or to or for the benefit of any of the Royal Family. Family.
             What (hall be IV. And be it further enabled, That every gift by any will or
             ^ac^under1*" te^amentarX 'nftnfment °f anY perfon dying after the palling of thiVafl" ^      a<^» which, by virtue of any fuch will or teftamentary inftru-
                         ment, (hall have effe<5t, or be fatisfied out of the perfonal eftate of fuch perfon fo dying, or out of any perfonal eftate which fuch per-l'on (hall have power to difpofe of, as he or (he (hall think fit, or which (hall have been charged upon or made payable out of any real eftate, or be directed to be fatisfied out of any monies to arile by the fale of any real eftate, of the perfon fo dying, or which fuch perfon may have the power to difpofe of, whether the fame (hall be given by way of annuity, or in any other form (hall be deemed and taken to be a legacy within the true intent and meaning of this a£l : provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to extend to the charging with the duties by this a£t granted, any fpecifick fum or fums of money, or any (hare or proportion thereof charged by any marriage fettlement or deed or deeds upon any real eftate, in any cafe in which any fuch fpecifick fum or fums, or (hare or proportion thereof, (hall be appointed or apportioned by any will or teftamentary inftrument upder any power given for that purpofe by any fuch marriage fettlement or deed or deeds.
             Duties on le- V. And be it further enabled. That the duties hereby granted gacies charged upon legacies, or charged upon or made payable out of any real on real eftate eftate, or out of any monies to arife by the fale of any real eftate, the truftees ^ or uPon refidues, or parts or (hares of refidues of any fuch monies, or the perfons (hall be accounted for, anfwered, and paid by the truftee or truftees entitled u> to whom the real eftate (hali be devifed, out of which the legacy fuch eftate. or legacies, or (hare or (hares, of any money arifing out of the fale or mortgage, or other difpofition of fuch real eftate, (hall be to be paid or fatisfied, or if there (hall be no truftees, then by the perfon or perfons entitled to fuch real eftate, fubject to any fuch legacy, or by the perfon or perfons empowered or required to pay orfatisfy any fuch legacy; and the faid duties (hall be retained by the perfon paying or fatisfying any fuch legacy or (hare of money, in like manner, and according to fuch rules and regulations, and under and fubjedl to fuch penalties, as far as the fame can be made applicable, as are contained in an a<5t palled in the thirty-fixth 36 G. 3. c, s». year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An all for repealing certain duties on legacies and Jhares of perfonal           andfor
                         granting other duties thereon in certain cafes.
             Duties to be VI. And be it further ena<fted, That the duties hereby granted under the (hall be under the government, care, and management of the ofthe com"1 comm*ffi°ners for the time being, appointed to manage the du-roiftioners for ^es charged on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, who, or (lamps. the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to <             employ the neceflary officers under them for that purpofe j and
                         in order to denote any of the feveral duties payable by virtue of this a<ft, whenever they fee occafion, to ufe fuch (lamps as (hall have been heretofore provided to denote any former duties on
                                                                                                              (lamped
       
       1S05.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28.                  73^
       Ramped vellum, parchment, or paper, or to caufe new Ramps to be provided for that purpofe, and to alter or renew the fame re-fpedlively from time to time, and to do all other things ncceflary to be done for putting this adt into execution, with relation to the faid feveral duties herein-before granted, in the like, and in as • full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are
   Iauthorifed to put in execution, any former law concerning Ramped vellum, parchment, and paper.
         Vil. And be it further enadted, That the duties on legacies, Duties on le-ranted by an adt of the laR feflton of parliament, and by this adt, gacies granted lail be railed, levied, accounted for, and paid, under and accord- ^      3*
       ing to the provifions of the faid recited adt of the thirty^fixth tefbe It-3 year aforefaid, and all the provifions, clapfes, regulations, penal- vied according
   I ties, forfeitures, matters, and things ill-the faid adt contained in to the provi-relation to legacies out of perfonal eRates, or to the coiiedting honsof36G.j. any duties thereon, or valuation of any annuities, or periods of c'5
   I paying the duties thereon by inRalments or otherwife, Riall, fo far as the fame can be made applicable, and in all cafes not ex-prefsly provided for by this adt, extend to and be put in force in relation to legacies, annuities, and Rtares of money arifing or to arife out of any real eRate, and all diredtions, provifions, forfeitures, and penalties in the faid act contained, as to executors and adminiRrators, Riall be applied to all truRees and owners of any
   (real eRates, chargeable with legacies, annuities, or lharcs of money, or out of which, or any money to arile therefrom, againR any fuch legacies, annuities, or fliares of money, ihall be to be fatisfied as fully and amply as if all fuch provifions, claufes, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, had been repeated and re-enadted in this adt, in relation to legacies, annuities, and lharcs of money arifing or to arife out of any real eRate.
         VIII.     And be it further enadted. That if any perfon Ihall coun- Perfons coun-terfeit or forge, or caufe or procure to be counterfeited or forged, terfeiting any Ramp diredted or allowed to be ufed by this adt, or provided, made, or uled for the purpofe of denoting the duties by this adt felony,°with-granted as aforefaid, or any of them, or fliall counterfeit or out benefit of refemble the impreffion of the fame, with an intent to defraud his clergy.
   ! MajeRy, his heirs or fucceflors, of any of the faid duties, or Ihall utter, vend, or fell any vellum, parchment, or paper liable to any Ramp duty by this adt impofed, with fuch counterfeit Ramp or mark thereupon, knowing the fame to be counterfeit, or Ihall privately or fraudulently ufe any fiamp diredled or allowed to be
   I ufed by this adt, with intent to defraud his MajeRy of the faid
       duties, then every fuch perfon fo oRending, and being thereof
       lawfully convidted, Ihall be adjudged a felon, and Ihall fuffer death
       as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.
         IX.   And be it further enadted. That all powers, provifions. Powers of
       rules, methods, articles, claufes, penalties, and forfeitures, dif- recited act,
       tributions of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and or of anvaeTf
       things preferibed or appointed by the faid recited adt, pafied in the relating to
       thirty-fixth year of his prefent MajeRy, and any other adt oradts ftamps, to
         cfparliament, in force at and immediately before the palling of c*tend tothi6
                                                                      •1.:.. act-
 duties.
 Separate ae-counts of duties to be kept
                                              736 Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1805.
       this act, relating to the ftamp-duties on vellum, parchment,, and paper, (and not hereby altered), (hall, as far as the fame are re-l'pedtively applicable, be of full force and effedt, and (hall be applied and put in execution with relation to the additional and other duties herein-before mentioned, according to the true intent and meaning of this adt, as fully to all intents and purpofes as if the fame had fevcrally and refpedtively been hereby re-enadted.
Application of X. And be it further enabled. That all the monies ariftng by the feveral duties herein-before mentioned (hall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being, of the duties on (lamped vellum, parchmenr, and paper, who (hall pay the fame (the neceffary charges of raifing, paying, and accounting for the Urfie being dedudted) into the receipt of the exchequer at Weftminfler^ at fuch time and in fuch manner as the duties charged on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper arc diredted to be paid; and the faid money fo paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be carried to and made part of the con* folidated fund of Great Britain.
                             XI.    Provided always, and be it further enadted, That the monies arifing or to arife of the feveral rates or duties hereby granted as aforefaid, or fo much thereof as (hall be fufficient, (hall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpofe of defraying the increafed charge occafioned by any loan made, or (lock created or to be created, by virtue of any adt or adts paffed or to be patted in this feffion of parliament, and that the faid monies (hall, during the (pace of ten years next enfuing, be paid into the faid receipt diftindtly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues ; and there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, during the faid period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid rates and duties, paid into the faid receipt, (haH, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted in this feffion of parliament, for the purpofe of defraying (uch increafed charge as aforefaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, upon any account whatever.
              Limitation of XII. And be it further enacted, That if any adtion or. fuit actions. (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, then and in every fuch cafe the faid adtion or fuit (hall be commenced within fix calendar months after the fadt committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be brought in the county or place where the caufe of adtion (hall Perfons fued arife, and not elfewhere ; and the defendant or defendants in fuch may plead the adtion or fuit to be brought may plead the general iflue, and give general iflue. tbis a& an(j the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this adt; and if it (hall appear to be fo done, or if any fuch adtion or fuit (hall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in any other county, city, or place than as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe the
                                                                                                                     jury
       

       1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29. 737
       jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if upon fuch
       verdift, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or
       difcontinue his, her, or their aftion, or if a verdift fhall pafs
       againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer judgement
       (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or Treble colls.
       defendants fhall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like
       remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have
       for cofts of fuit in other cafes by law.
         XIII.     And be it further enafted, That this aft may be varied, ^^rcay be altered, or repealed, t>y any aft or afts to be made in this feffion peg|ed this*" of parliament.                                                  feffion.
                           CAP. XXIX.
       An a£l for granting to his Majefly additional duties within Great Britain on certain goods, wares, and merchandize imported into or brought or carried coajlwife,—[April 5, 1805.]
          Moft gracious Sovereign,
      WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedls, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament aflembled, towards raifing the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expences, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral additional duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly beleech your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifth From April 5, day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five, there fhall be ditional duties raifed, levied, collefted, and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs and of cuftoms fucceflbrs, in ready money, (except as herein-after is provided), fpecified inthe without any difcount whatever, upon goods, wares, Or merchan- ??ncf!r(\ta‘ . dize imported or brought into Great Britain from parts beyond \{r,n the feas, and upon certain goods, wares, and merchandize, paid. brought or carried coaftwife, or from port to port within Great Britain, the feveral additional duties of cuftoms as the fame are refpeftively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in figures in the tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.) and (B.)
        II. Provided always, and be it further enadted. That the addi- Duties not tional duties of cuftoms by this aft granted fhall not be paid or ^oods'fecured payable on any goods, wares, or merchandize, which (hall be warehouse fecured in warehoufes under bis Majefty’s locks, unlefs and until until taken fuch goods, wares, or merchandize fhall be taken out of any fuch out for con-warehoufe for the purpofe of being ufed or confumed in Great furaph°ni &c* Britain, or (hall be fold for the payment of duties under any aft or afts of parliament relating to fuch duties.
        III. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That the addi- Nor payable tional duties of cuftoms granted by this aft (hall not be charged °" Seamount or payable on the produce and amount of the additional duties of grantecTby 43 cuftoms granted by an aft, pafled in the forty-third year of the g. 3. c. 70. or Vol. XLV.                     3 B                        reign  44 G. 3. c. 53.

                                       i                   /
            738 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29. [1805.
                          reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An              granting to his
                                  Majejly, during the prefent ivar, and until the ratification, of a define five treaty of peace,additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, and on the tonnage of Jhips and veffels, in Great Britain ; and by an another ad, parted in the forty-fourth year of hi* prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled.
                          An aft for granting to his Mayfly during the prefent       , and for fix
                          months after the expiration thereof by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, into Great Britain ; and ep           ,        ,
                          or merchandize, brought or carried coaflwife within Great Britain.
            Duties to be IV* Apd be it further enacted, That the feveral and refpe&ive payable on    additional duties of cuftoms by this ad granted on goods, wares,
            goods im-     an(j n.Crchandize fhall be charged and payable on all goods,
            j£prii 5, i805, wares, and merchandize (other than and except fuch as fhall have (except by the been or fhall be imported by the United Company of Merchants Haft India of England trading to the Eafi Indies) which (hall not have been Company) in entered, and on which the duties of curtoms due and payable cer in ca es. hereon, on or before the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five, fhall not have been paid or fecured by bond, notwithrtanding fuch goods, wares, and merchandize may have been imported into Great Britain on or before the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five.
            Duties not V. Provided always, and be it further enailed, That the addi-chargeable on tional duties of cuftoms, granted by this ail on the importation formcr'duties any Sooc*s> wares, and merchandize into Great                  ,  (other
            have been fe * t*ian excePl fuch as have been or fhall be imported by the cured by bond United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl before April 5, Indies,) fhall not be charged or payable on any fuch goods, wares, l8oJ*         or merchandize, in cafe the whole of the duties of cuftoms due
                          thereon at the time of importation fhall have been fecured by bond, on or before the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five.
            Duties, except VI. Provided always, and be it further enailed, That the ad-on goods im- ditional duties of cuftoms, granted by this ail on goods, wares, EftUidia111* an<* mercbar»dize, (other than and except fuch as fhall have been Company, imported by the United Company ofMerchants of England trading payable on to the Eajl Indies,) . fhall be charged and payable on all goods, goods ware- wares, and merchandize imported into Great Britain which fhall
            when't'aken ^ave ^een or               wareb°u^e<l»   and  fhall  remain  on the faid
            out for con- fifth day °f April one thoufand eight hundred and five, in ware-ftimpdon, &c. houfes under his Majefty’s locks, in purfuance or by the authority of any ail or ails of parliamety in force on or immediately before the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five, although fuch goods, wares, or merchandize may have been imported before the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five: provided always, that fuch duties fhall not be charged or payable on any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, unlefs and until fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, fhall be taken out of any fuch warehoufe for the purpofe of being ufed
                                                                                                or
      
     1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georigii III. c. 29. 739
     or confumed in Great Britain, or (hall be fold for payment of duties under any alt or alts of parliament relating to fuch duties.
        VII.     And be it further enalted, That the additional duties of Duties on cuftoms, granted by this alt upon goods, wares, and merchandize goods im-imported by the faid United Company of Merchants of EnglandP°^ed ft tbc trading to the Eajl Indies, (hall be due and payable upon all fuch companWhall goods, wares, and merchandize as (hall, from and after the faid be payable on fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five, be fold at ay l'uch as the publick fales of the faid company, and (hall be paid orbe fecured in fuch manner and at fuch times, and fubjelt to fuch 'alter *C rules, regulations, and reftriltions, as are prcfcribed and direlted April j, 1805, with refpelt to the payment of any former duties of cuftoms upon See.
     fuch goods, wares, and merchandize refpeltively : provided alfo, that the faid additional duties of cuftoms fhall be due and payable on all goods, wares, and merchandize imported by the faid United Company, which fhall remain in the” warehoufe of the faid company on the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight' hundred and five, which fhall not have been fold at the publick fales of the faid company, notwithftanding fuch goods, wares, and merchandize may have been imported into Great Britain before the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five.
        VIII.     And be it further enalled. That in all cafes where the Duties may be whole or any part of the duties of cuftoms on any goods, wares, fecured by and merchandize are permitted to be fecured by bond, by virtue bond*
     of any all or alls of parliament in force on or immediately before the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five, the additional duties of cuftoms granted by this alt may in like manner, and under the fame rules, regulations, reftriltions, and conditions, be permitted to be fecured by bond.
        IX.       Provided always, and be it further enalted. That nothing Alt not to al-in this alt co..tained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to ter any of the repeal or alter any of the provifions contained in two alts for the P^71^0118.of union of Great Britain and Ireland, the one mjide in the parlia-* 80 umon* ment of Great Britain in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his
     prefent Majefty’s reign, and the other made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or any other alt or alts in force on and immediately before the faid fifth -day of       April one thoufand eight hundred and five, by which any
     goods, wares, or merchandize, imported from              into  Great   ,
     Britain, or any goods, wares, or merchandize exported from Great Britain to Ireland, are refpectively made to remain liable to, charged with, or exempted from any duties of cuftoms, whether countervailing or others, or by which any drawbacks or bounties are allowed or given in refpelt of any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize.
        X.   And whereas an additional duty of cujloms on fugar imported
     into Great Britain is by this aft                            impofed :and whereas it is jujl and
     reafonable in refpeft thereof, and purfuant to the provifions contained m the afts for the union of Great Britain and Ireland, that additional duties of cujlomsJhould be charged on all refined  , being of
                                    3 B 2                             the
 charged with the countervailing duties expieffed in table (C.)
 The additional countervailing duties to be
          740 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii 111. c. 29. [1805.
          Refined fugar               the manufacture of Ireland imported from thence into Great
          fcfdture'ofTre ^r‘ta'n» Efficient to countervail the additional duty on the raw -land imported riaIh         impoftd; be it therefore further enaCled, That,
intoGreatBri- from and after the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred tain,fhallbe and five, tltere fhall be charged on any refined fugar, being of the manufacture of Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, the feveral additional countervailing duties of cuftoms as the fame arc refpeCtively inferted, defcnbed, and fet forth in figures in the fable hereunto annexed, marked (C.)
   XI.    And be it further enacted, That the faid additional countervailing duties (hall be managed, afcertained, railed, levied, collected, paid, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in fuch and
underthefame like manner, and by the fame means, ways, and methods in management every refpeCt as the former countervailing duties on refined fugar, as the former, the manufacture of Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, are managed, afcertained, raifed, levied, collected, paid, recovered, appropriated, and applied.
                         XII.  And whereat it is jujl and        , on account of the ad-
                       ditional duty of cujUms by this all charged on fugar imported into Great Britain, that additional drawbacks or bounties Jhould in thereof be paid and allowed on refined fugar of the manufacture of
          The draw. Great Britain exportedfrom thence to Ireland, be it therefore fur-backs 01 boun- ther enaCted, That, from and after the fifth day         one
          tie® nm 'll thoufand eight hundred and five, there fhall be paid and allowed, be paid on theon ^ exportation from Great Britain to Ireland of refined fugar exportation of of the manufacture of Great Britain which fhall have been prepared from fugar of the produce of the                   plantations, or from
fugar imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies, on which fugar the duties of cuftoms payable at the time of the importation thereof fhall have been duly paid, the feveral and refpeCtive additional drawbacks or bounties, as the fame are refpeClively inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in figures in the tabic hereunto annexed, marked (D.): provided always, that the faid additional drawbacks or bounties refpeCtively fhall not be paid or allowed unlefs all the rules, regulations, reftriClions, and conditions required by any aCt or aCts of parliament in force on or immediately before the palling of this aCt with refpeCt to drawbacks or bounties payable on the exportation from Great Britain to Ireland on any refined fugar are duly complied with.
   XIII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That the faid
additional bounty fhall not be paid or allowed on any refined fugar, which fhall be entered for exportation to     before the
May 17,"1805. feventeenth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and five. Duties to be XIV. And be it further enaCled, That fuch of the additional under the ma- duties of cuftoms as (hall arife in that part of Great  called
uagement of England, fhall be under the management of the commiflioners of the cuftoms in England for the time being ; and fuch thereof as fhall arife in that part of Great Britain called                  , fhall be
under the management of the commiffioners of the cuftoms in Scotland for the time being.
                                                      XV.   And
 renned fugar from Great Britain to Ireland.
 Bounty not allowed on fugar entered for exportation before
 the commiflioners of cuf-tomi;
      
      1805.] Anno regni quadragefimb quinto Georgii Ilf. c. 29. 741
        XV.      And be it further enabled, That the feveral duties re- and to be le-fpedtively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in figures in the faid vied as former tables hereunto annexed^ marked (A.) and (B.) as the addi-0 cu tional duties of cuftoms, whether charged and payable on the feveral goods, wares, and merchandize, fpecified therein, according to the value thereof, or otherwife, may and (hall respectively be afcertained, managed, railed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, and recovered, except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this a«5>, in fuch and the like manner, and by the fame means, ways, or methods, as former duties of cuftoms upon goods, wares, and merchandize, in general, and alfo by any fuch fpecial means, ways, or methods, respectively, as former duties of cuftoms upon goods, wares, or merchandize, of the fame forts or kinds, were or might be afcertained, managed, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, and recovered j and the goods, wares, or merchandize, whereon duties of cuftoms are by this act charged, (hall be, and the fame are hereby made fubje£t and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reftrictions, feizures, and forfeitures, to which goods, wares, or merchandize, in general, and alfo all and every the fpecial conditions, rules, regulations, rcftriclions, feizures, fales, and forfeitures relpectively, to which the like goods, wares, or merchandize, were fubject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five, refpecting the revenue of cuftoms, (except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this act,) and all pains, penalties, fines, and forfeitures, of whatever nature or kind the fame may be, as well pains of death as others, for any offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five, made for fecuring the revenues of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the feveral claufes, powers, provifions, and directions, contained in any fuch a£l or acts, (hall (unlels •■•here exprefsly altered by this act) and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and (hall be refpectively applied, practifed, and put in execution for and in refpect of the feveral duties of cuftoms hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and pur-pofes whatfoever, as if all and every the faid acts, claufes, provifions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act, and made part thereof.                                •
         XVI.     And be it further enacted, That all the monies arifing ’Application by the duties by this act imputed, (the ncccfiary charges 0f°*aut‘c8, raifing and accounting for the fame excepted), (hall from time
      to time be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at
        Wejlminjler, and the money fo paid into the (aid receipt as atorc-faid (lull be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund of Great Britain.
         XVII.   Piovided always, and be it er.a-tcd, That the com- Separate
                                                             mi (boners account to be
JB
 742
 kept of the duties, and annually laid before parliament.
 Duty on flate or Hone may be
Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29. [1805.
      miffioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being* or any three or more of them, or the lord high-treafurer for the time being, lhall, for the period of ten years from the commencement of this a<5t, caufe a feparate and diftindt account of the additional duties granted by this adl to be prepared and annually laid before parliament, purfuam to an adl, palled in the forty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An afl for direfling certain accounts to be laid annually before parliament, and for certain other forms of account now in ufey and the monies arifing from the faid additional duties lhall be deemed a permanent increafe to the publick revenue of Great Britain, for the purpofe of defraying any increafed charge occalioned by any loan made or flock created by authority of any adl of parliament parted or to be parted in the prefent feflion of parliament.
        XVIII. And whereas /landing             may have been made
      before the fifth day of April one thoufaiul eight hundred end , for ferving per fans with flate or , to be delivered in point of Jaid
 time after the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and fivey be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five, the owners
 contracts have been made before April 5,1805.
 Limitation of adtions.
  added, where or proprietors of any flate or ftone, the duties on which have been by this adl increafed, and which lhall be delivered after the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and'five, in purfuance of fuch contract, lhall be allowed to add to the prices refpedlively agreed for in fuch contradls, fo much as the duties ciiarged by this act exceed the duties payable on fuch flate and ftone at and immediately before the laid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five, and fuch owners or proprietors lhall, by virtue of this adl, be paid fuch fum as the duties fo increafed fhall amount to.
                 XIX.     And be it further enaded, That if any adlion or fuit fhall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this adl, fuch adlion or fuit lhall be commenced within three calendar months next after the fadl committed, and not' afterwards, and lhall be laid in the county or place where the caufe of complaint did arife, and not elfewhere.; and the defendant or defendants, in every fuch
  funeraliffue a<^'on or may P*cad the general iffue, and give this adl and K         ’  the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon j
               and if the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants in any fuch adlion or fuit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs lhall be non-fuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their adlion or fuit, after the • defendant or defendants lhall have appeared, or if' upon demurrer judgement (hall be given again!! the plaintiff, or plain-Treble colls, tiffs, the defendant or defendants lhall have treble colls, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant hath in any other cafes to recover colls by. law.
                 XX.     And be it further enabled, That this adl may-be altered, amended, or repealed, by any adl or adls to be made in this prefent feflion of parliament.
                                                                                                              TABLES
 Perfons fued
 Aft may be altered or repealed this feffion.
Go gle
 i *805.]
Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georg 11 III. c. 29. 743
 TABLES to which this Ad refers.
                                               Table (A.)
 A TABLE of ADDITIONAL DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on the Importation into Great Britain of the Goods* Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or deferibed.
 For every hundred pounds of the produce and amount of the duties of cuftoms due and payable on Slate and (tone of all forts, an additional duty of -Barilla, an additional duty of      -       -
 Brimftone, an additional duty of Bridles of all forts, an additional duty of Feathers of all forts, an additional duty of -Iron, an additional duty of Lemons and oranges, an additional duty of -Prunes, an additional duty of Turpentine, common, an additional duty of
 DUTY.
                                                                                                                      sd*
                                                                                                       All other goods, tional duty of
wares, and merchandize, an addi-
20
10
10
10
10
  5
  5
  5
  5
      Thefe additional duties are not to be charged on the produce and amount of the additional duties of cuftoms granted by an aft of the forty-third year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An for granting to bis        Majejly, during the prefent war and until the
 ratification of a definitive treaty of        additional
 duties on the importation and exportation of certain , wares, and merchandize, and on the tonnage of and veffels in Great Britain; or,by an aft of the laft leflion of parliament, intituled. An a£l for granting to his Majefly during the prefent war, and for fix months after the expiration thereof by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation of
 certain          goods,           wares, and into Great
 Britain, and on goods, wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried      coajlwtfe within Great Britain.
                        m
      See the A61 to which this Tabic is annexed*
TABLE
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 o
 2 10 O
Go gle
)rigirval from *
NEW YORK PUBLIC LI
 I

BRARY
 744 Anno regni quadragelimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29. [ 1805.
                                                  Table (B.)
             # *
 A TABLE of ADDITIONAL DUTIES of CUSTOMS, payable on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or defcribed, brought or carried COASTWISE, or from Port to Port within Great Britain.
  Slate and done, for every hundred pounds of the produce and amount of the duties of cuftoms due and payable thereon                    -          -              -     20
        This additional duty on goods, wares, and merchandize, brought or carried coaftwife, or from port to port within Great Britain is not to be charged on the produce and amount of the additional duties of cuftoms granted by an act of the forty-third year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. to bis Majefty, during the prefent war and until the ratification of a definitive treaty of , additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain , wares, and             merchandize, and on the tonnage  of Jhips and
    veffels,                in Great Britain; or by an adl of the laft
  fefiion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting to bis Majefiy, dur ing the prefent war and for fix months • after the expiration thereof by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation of certain goods, wares, and                              into
  Great Britain ; and on                                 goods, and ,
  brought or carried coajlwife within Great Britain.                   t
                                                   See the Adt to which this Table is annexed.
DUTY. £• *•
 O O
       !
                                  Table (C.)
A TABLE of ADDITIONAL COUNTERVAILING DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Refined Sugar, of the Manufadture of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain.
 Sugar refined, viz.
 ----Baftards, whole or ground, the hundred weight
 — ■ Lumps, the hundred weight -—■ ■ Single Loaf, the hundred weight
                                                                                                                    Sugar
 DUTY.
L
O
O
o
     d. o 6 o in
Go gle
    1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30. . 745
                                                                         -
                     Table (C.) continued. s              duty.
    Sugar refined continued.                           £. s. d.
    -----Powder Loaf, and Double Loaf, the hundred
           weight -                   -       - -          -oil
    Sugar Candy, viz.
    -Brown, the hundred weight                    - -00 II*
    ■                   White, the hundred weight - - o 1 1
    Sugar refined, of any other fort, the hundred weight oil
                                                    Table (D.)
    A TABLE of ADDITIONAL DRAWBACKS or BOUNTIES to be paid or allowed on the Exportation of refined Sugar, of Great Britain, exported from thence to Ireland.
                                                   Drawback or Bounty.
    Sugar refined, viz.                              £. s. d.
    ■    Baftards, whole or ground, the hundred weight 006
    -----Lumps, the hundred weight -               -  O on*
    — — Single Loaf, the hundred weight -                 -010
    ■ — Powder Loaf, and Double Loaf, the hundred
           weight -            -             -            I  I
    Sugar Candy, viz.
    -----------Brown, the hundred weight    -     - o o 11*
           1 — White, the hundred weight    -     -oil
    Sugar refined, of any other fort, the hundred weight o 1 1
                                                   CAP. XXX.
                             An all for granting to bis Majejly feveral additional duties of exeife in Great Britain.—[April 5, 1805.]
         Moft gracious Sovereign,
    WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefls, the commons of the united kingdom ,of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament aflembled, towards raifing the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s publick expcnces, and making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, have freely and voluntarily refoived to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral additional rates and duties of exeife herein refpe&ively mentioned*, and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be ena<5ted ; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual -and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That
                                                         there
                                                                                                      Original frem *a
MEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRj&
Co gle
      746 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30. [1805.
      The duties there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, throughout fT'h'tM'? \)              Great Britain,to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and
      and\hVdiaw- ucce®*ors» uPon the feveral goods, wares, merchandize, and baclce in    commodities mentioned and deferibed in the fchedule marked
      fchedule. (B.) (A.) hereunto annexed, the feveral Aims of money and duties »ep*'j °f f*cife, as they are refpedlively inferted, deferibed, and fet and allowed. forth jn tf,c faid fchedule; and that there fhall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in refpedl of goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities, for or in refpedl whereof any duty of excife is by this adt impofed, to the feveral perfons entitled to the fame, the feveral drawbacks of excife as the fame are alfo refpedtively inferred, deferibed, and fet forth in the fchedule marked (B.) • 'hereunto annexed, and alfo all fuch fpecial allowances as are particularly diredted by any adt or adts of parliament in force on and immediately before the palling of this adt; and the fame refpedtively fhall commence and take effedt from the refpedtive day or days mentioned in the faid fchedule, in cafes where any fpecial date or dates is or are inferted therein, and in cafes where no fuch date is inferted, from and after the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five.
      DlaieSVi°b€ ' II. And be it further enadted, That fuch of the duties of management exc'^e by this adt impofed as fhall arife in that part of Great ofthecom- Britain called England, fhall be under the management of the miffioners of commiffioners of excife in         , and  fuch thereof as fhall
      excife.      arife jn that part of Great Britain called     , fhall be under
the management of the commiffioners of excife in            for
the time being.
  III.    And be it further enacted, That the feveral and refpec-tive duties by this adt impofed fhall be accounted for, cleared off, paid, fatisfied, and difeharged, by the perfon or perfons liable to the accounting for, clearing off, payment, fatisfadlion, or difeharge thereof, at fuch time and times, and in fuch manner, as the duties of excife chargeable upon the like goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities refpedlively, or upon any perfon tor or in refpcdl thereof, were by any adt or adts of parliament in force immediately before the paffing of this adt, to be accounted for, cleared off, paid, fatisfied, or difeharged.
  IV.     And be it further enadted, That in all cafes where duties are impofed or drawbacks allowed by this adt on any fpecifick quantity of goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities, the
Tefs omntities fame fhall in every cafe be underftood, and deemed and taken in charging to apply, in the fame proportion, and after the fame rate, to any the duties. greater or lefs quantity than fuch fpecifick quantity.
                      V.   And whereas contrails or agreements may have been made
 Duties to be paid by the perfons liable to pay like duties of excife.
 Specifick quantities to apply to ercHter or
              before the pajfing of this ail, by makers or manufailurers of or dealers in the refpeilive goods,    merchandize, or commodities
              upon which additional duties are by this ail impofed, for fuch , wares, merchandize, or commodities          to be delivered after
              the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five; be it Duties may be therefore enadted, That fuch makers, manufadturers, or dealers, added where delivering fuch goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities re-e°“''                                                             fpcilively
   :
   .
   
  1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30.                    747
  fpectively, after the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight delivered in hundred and five, in purfuance of fuch contrafts or agreements, purfl,a2.ccf°f (hall be allowed to add fo much money as will be equivalent AprU^, 180*5. to the duties by this aft impofed, for or in refpeft of fuch goods, * wares, merchandize, or commodities refpeftively, to the price thereof, and fiial! be entitled by virtue of this aft to be paid for the fame accordingly.
    VI.      And be it further enabled, That the faid feveral fums of Duties to be money, refpeftively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in the faid •evied as the fchedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.) as the duties of excife, ofr^^fgUtieS and the drawbacks of the duties of excife fet forth in ^he faid fchedule marked (B.) upon the feveral and refpeftive goods,
  wares, merchandize, or commodities inferted therein, (hall and may be refpeftively raifed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed, in fuch and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general means, ways, or methods by which the former duties of excife refpec-tively, and drawbacks of duties of excife refpeftively, upon goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities of the feme forts or kinds refpeftively, were or might be raifed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed ; and the goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities, fo by this aft refpeftively made liable to the payment of, or chargeable with duties of excife, or entitled to drawbacks of duties of excife, as refpeftively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in the faid fchedules hereunto annexed, fhall be, and the fame are hereby made fubjeft to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reftriftions, and forfeitures to which goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities, in general; and alfo all and every the fpecial conditions, rules, regulations, reftriftions, and forfeitures refpeftively to which the like goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities refpeftively were fubjeft and liable, by any aft or acts of parliament in force immediately before the pafling of this aft, refpefting the duties of excife ; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for any offence whatever, committed againft or in breach of any aft or afts of parliament in force immediately before the palling of this aft, made for fecuring the revenue of excife, or for the regulation and improvement thereof, and the feveral claufes, powers, and direftions therein contained, fhall and are hereby direfted and declared to extend to, and fhall be refpeflively applied, pradtifed, and put in execution, for and in refpeft of the feveral duties of excife, and drawbacks of duties of excife, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid afts, claufes, provisions, powers, direftionr, fines pains, penalties, or forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this aft.
    VII.     And be it further enafted. That all the monies arifing Application by the duties by this aft impofed, (the neceflliry charges of0*^ money, raifing and accounting for the fame excepted), fhall from time
                                                                   to
                                                              Co gle .
> LI
       748 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30. [1805.
                    to time be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Wejlminftery and the faid money fo paid into the receipt of exchequer as aforefaid (hall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund of Great Britain.
       Separate ac- VIII. Provided always, and be it enabled, That the com-kept and an m'flioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, nually laid be- or any three or more of them, or the lord high-treafurer for the fore parlia- time being, (hall, for the period of ten years from the com-mcnt.           mencement of thi^ aft, caufe a feparatc and diftinft account of
                    the additional duties granted by this aft, to be prepared and <       annually laid before parliament, purfuant to an aft palled in the
                    forty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, jin aft for direfting certain publick accounts to be laid annually before parliament, and for difcontinuing certain other forms of account now
                    in ufc; and the monies ariling from the faid additional duties fhall be deemed a permanent increafe to the publick revenue of •            Great Britain, for the purpofe of defraying any increafed charge
                    occafioned by any loan made or (lock created by authority of any aft of parliament palled or to be paffed in the prefent feflion of parliament.
       The counter- IX. And be it further enaftcd, That the countervailing duty vailing duty impofed by an aft palled in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years iinpofed by 0f t^e reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for the c967 of5</* for union °f Great Britain and Ireland, of nine-pence for every every dozen dozen of quart bottles of common green glafs, imported into of quart Great Britain from Ireland., (hall, from and after the fifth day of bottles lhall be April one thoufand eight hundred and five, be deemed and of excite3 ^ ,a*cen 10 ^ a duty-of excife, and lhall be computed upon each •       * *  and every dozen of reputed quarts; anything in this or any
                    other aft or afts of parliament to the contrary in any wife not-.            withftanding.
                      X.   And whereas certain per fans make or manufafture glafs
                    who are not under the furvey of the officers of , to the detriment ■ of the revenue, and the injury of the entered manufaftures of glafs; and doubts have arifen, whether fuch perfons are liable to the furvey of the officers of excife; for remedy thereof, be it declared and Who lhall be ^ur,*ier enafted, That each and every perfon who lhall make or deemed ma- manufafture any fort or kind of glafs, or glafs wares, by melting kers of glafs. any rpetal, materials, cullet, or old or broken glafs, in any pot, crucible, or other utenlil, lhall be deemed and, taken to be a maker of glafs, and (hall be fubjeft to all and every the pro-vifions, rules, regulations, reftriftions, and penalties, to which makers of glafs are now by law fubjeft and liable; any thing in this or any other aft or ails of parliament to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.
   XI.    And be it further enabled. That this aft may be’altered, amended, or repealed, by any aft or afts to be made in this prefent feflion of parliament.
                    » «
Aft may be altered or repealed this feflion.
    
                                                              SCHEDULES
 * 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.30.  749
     SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.
                                 j
               Schedule (A.)


                    DUTIES.               * '
                                               DUTY.
                   AUCTIONS.          v      £. j. d%
   For every twenty (hillings of the purchafe money arifing or payable by virtue of any fale at au&ion in Great Britain of any intereft in poffeffion or reverfion in any freehold, cuftomary, copyhold, or leafehold lands, tenements, houfes, or hereditaments, and any (hare or (hares in the capital or joint flock of any corporation or chartered company, and of any annuities or fums of money charged thereon, and of any (hips and veffels, and of any reverfionary intereft: in the publick funds, and of any plate or jewels, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs fum of fuch purchafe-money o o I For every twenty (hillings of the purchafe-money ariling or payable by virtue of any fale at audtion in Great Britain of furniture, fixtures, pidures, books, horfes, and carriages, and all other goods and chattels whatfoever, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs fum of fuch purchafe-money -002
              BRICKS and TILES.
                                                /
   For every thoufand of bricks which (hall be made in Great Britain, not exceeding any of the following dimenfions, (that is to fay) ten inches long, three inches thick, and five inches wide -    -  o  o 10
   For every thoufand of plain tiles which (hall be made
     in Great Britain -      -    -   -    -     0010
                   COFFEE.
   For every pound weight avoirdupois of coffee which {hall be imported into Great Britain on or after the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, or which, having been previoufly fo imported, (hall, on or after the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, be taken or delivered, for home confumption, out of any warehoufe in which the fame (hall be or (hall have been lodged or depofited under the locks of the officers of cufloms and excife, or either of them -       -    -    -           -006
                                    CYDER.
 • V *1

        Original from
 NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
                                        75° Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.30. [1805.
                                  Schedule C.        .               duties.
                                               .                          d.
                               tYDER and PERRY.
                   For eveiy hogfhead of cyder and perry made in Great Britain for fale, to be paid by the firft buyer - or maker thereof, fuch buyer or maker being a dealer in or retailer of cyder or perry, or by the fa&or or agent to whom .fuch cyder or perry (hall be fent or configned to be fold or difpofed of - O 10 O
                                       GLASS.
                   For every hundred weight of materials, or metal, or other preparations whatever, by what name foever the fame are or may be called or known, that (hall be made ufe of in Great Britain in the making of glafs, the following fums refpe&ively , that is to fay.
                        In the making of plate or flint glafs, or enamel,
                          ftained, or pafte glafs, or phial glafs - • o 16 4
                        In the making of fpread window glafs commonly called or known by the name of broad glafs -           -      -   -         --      041
                        In the making of all other window glafs (not being fpread glafs), whether flaflied or other-wife manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the name of crown glafs or German (heet glafs -         -    .     -0123
                   For every hundred weight of plate glafs and of all other glafs which (hall be imported from parts beyond the feas into Great Britain, the fame not being flalks in which wine or oil (hall or may be imported, nor foreign green glafs bottles, nor Irifh glafs or glafs manufactures imported diredtly from Ireland -          -      -      -    - -ixo
                                     VINEGAR.
                   For every barrel of vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquors preparing for vinegar, which (hall be brewed or made in Great Britain for fale -      •           *050
                                       WIRE.
                   For every ounce troy of gilt wire which (hall be
                      made in Great Britain -        -    -         - o 0 10
                   For every ounce troy of filver wire which (hall be
                      made in Great Britain -      -      -             -007
                                      COUNTER-
     
  1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii Ilf. c. 30. 731
            COUNTERVAILING         .
                                     ' -         DUTIES.
                BRICKS AND TILES.               £.    d.
   For every thoufand of Irifh bricks, not exceeding any of the following dimenflons (that is to fay), ten inches long, three inches thick, and fiveinches wide, which (hall be imported into Great Britain dire&ly from Ireland -          -      -      -    -  0  O IO
   For every thoufand of Irifli plain tiles which (hall be
     imported into Great Britain dire&ly from Ireland o O IO
                 CYDER and PERRY.
   For every hogfhead, confiding of fixty-three gallons *
     Englifh wine meafure, of Irifh cyder and perry which (hall be imported into Great Britain dire&ly from Ireland as merchandize, or for fale, or which (hall be fent or configned to any fadlor or agent to fell or difpofe of    -      -       -     -  o 10 o
                         GLASS.
   For every fquare foot, fuperficial meafure, of Trifh plate glafs which (hall be imported into Great Britain dire£tly from Ireland -        - -Oil
   For every hundred weight of Iri(h flint, enamel, ftained, pafte, or phial glafs which (hall be imported into Great Britain diredlly from Ireland -   -  I I 9
   For every hundred weight of Iri(h fpread window glafs, commonly called broad glafs, which (hall be imported into Great Britain dire&ly from Ireland 0  4
   For every hundred weight of Irifh window glafs (not being fpread glafs), whether flafhed or otherwife manufactured, and commonly called or known by the name of crown glafs or German (heet glafs,-which (hall be imported into Great Britain dire&ly from Ireland -          -    -    -    -     -  09 io{
   For every one hundred weight of any fort or fpecies of Irifh glafs not herein-before enumerated or de-fcribed (common green glafs bottles and veflels made ufe of in chemical laboratories, and garden glades, and all other vedels or utenfils of common bottle metal excepted), which (hall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland -   -  1   1  o
                      VINEGAR.
   For every barrel, confiding of thirty-four gallons Engliih beer meafure, of Irifh vinegar which (hall be imported into Great Britain diredlly from Ireland 050
                                           WIRE.
Go gle
                                                                                                                              . Original from
NEW YORK PUBLIC LI
 /
BRARY
                                       752 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30. [1805.
                               SCHEDULE (A.)            .duties.
                                         WIRE. .               £. s. d.
                   For every ounce troy of Iri(h gilt wire, which (hall
                     be imported into Great Britain diretfly from Ireland 0010 For every ounce troy of Irilh filver wire which (hall be imported into Great Britain diredHy from Ireland -           -       -       -           -007
                   For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irilh gold thread, gold lace, or gold fringe, made of plate wire fpun upon filk, which (hall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland -            -078
                                                                       For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irilh filver thread, filver lace, or filver fringe, made of plate » wire fpun upon (ilk, which (hall be imported into
                     Great Britain dird&ly from Ireland -          -059
                                    Schedule (B.)
                                  DRAWBACKS.
                             BRICKS and TILES.
                  For every thoufand of bricks made in Great Britain, not exceeding any of the following dimenfions (that is to fay), ten inches long, three inches thick, and five inches wide, for which all the duties im-pofed in refpedf thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts    -     -      -       - o
                  For every thoufand of plain tiles which (hall be made in Great Britain, for which all the duties in refpe& thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts o
                             CYDER and PERRY.
                  For every hogfhead of cyder or perry made in Great Britain, for which all the duties impofed in refpedl thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts - o 10 o
                                    GLASS.
                  For every fouare foot, fuperficial meafure, of plate glafs made in Great Britain from materials or metal, or other preparations, for which all the duties impofed in refpedl thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts -  .    -        -oil
                                                                                           For
o 10
o 10
      
         ^    2S05.]  Anno    regniquadragefimo quinto  Georoii III. c. 31
         ]•                   SCHEDULE   (A.) continued.      duties.
            Glafs continued.
         IFor every hundred weight of flint glafs, or enamel, ftained, or pafte glafs, or phial glafs, made in Great Britain from materials or metal, or other preparations, for which all the duties .impofed in refpeil thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts - I I 9 For every hundred weight of fpread window glafs, commonly called or known by the name of broad glafs, made in Great Britain from materials or metal, or other preparations, for which all the duties impofed in refpecl thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts          -        -         -      -  o  4
            For every hundred weight of all other window glafs, nor being fpread glafs, whether flafhed or otherwife manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the name of crown glafs or of German fheet glafs, made in Great Britain from materials or metal, or other preparations, for which all the duties impofed in refpe£t thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts -        -     -    -   0 14 10*
                                   WIRE.
            For every pound weight avoirdupois of gold thread, gold lace, or gold fringe, made of plate wire fpun upon filk, fuch plate wire being made of gilt wire made in Great Britain, for which all the duties impofed in refpeft thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts       -       -       -      -   0  7   8
            For every pound weight avoirdupois of filver thread, filver lace, or filver fringe, made of plate wire fpun upon filk, fuch plate wire being made of filver wire made in Great Britain, for which all the duties impofed in refpect thereof (hall have been paid, and which (hall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts -          -      -      -
                                                 CAP. XXXI.
            An aH for allowing a certain proportion of the militia in Great Britain voluntarily to enlift into his      regular forces and
                royal marines.—[April 10, 1805.]
            WHEREAS it is highly important that the mojl effe&ual mea-fures Jhould be taken for augmenting his Majejly's regular Vol. XLV.                           3C               forces
                   
• 753
        754 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. C. 31. [1805.
          His Majefty may appoint regiments of the regular forces and divifions of the marines in which militia men may enlift.
 forces         and royal                       marines, for the vigorous profecution of the prefent
 war: and it is therefore expedient immediately to allow fo many of the militia now ferving in Great Britain, as may exceed the original quotas fpecified in two a£ls, pajfed in the                            year of the reign
 of his prefent Majejly, in relation to the militia of England and Scotland                           refpeflivcly, to be reduced; and to enable his Majejly to
 accept the fervices of fuch of them as may voluntarily offer to enlijl in his       Majejly'sregular forces and royal                     ,    under  certain pro-
 vifions and rejlriflions: may it .therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall be lawful for his Majefty, by any order or orders fignified by his Majefty’s fecretary of ftate, to name and appoint fuch and fo many regiments or his Majefty’s regular forces and divifions of the royal marines, as his Majefty (hall think fit, to receive volunteers from the militia in Great Britain under this aft, out of any regiment of militia named in any fuch order; and it fhall be lawful for any number of ferjeants, corporals, and private men of any fuch regiment of militia, not exceeding the proportions herein-after mentioned, to enlift in the manner and under the

                       regulations herein mentioned, into any regiment and divifion as
                       aforefaid, which in any fuch order of his Majefty fhall be
                       named to receive volunteers from fuch regiment of militia.
          of men to be H* And be it further enafted. That the number of private
          enlifted fhall tnen to be enlifted out of the militia of any county, whether the
          not exceed the fame fhall confift of more than one battalion or not, or whether
          number then the militia of two or more counties fhall be included in only
          th^orfrinal** onc battalion, fhall not, in any cafe exceed the number of
          quota of the private men then ferving in the militia for fuch county, after
          county, nor deducing the original quota of the militia thereof; and the
          more than one number of ferjeants and corporals to be enlifted out of the [
          o^com^a! militia any countVj fhall not in any cafe exceed the propor- jj
          for every tion °f one ferjeant and one corporal for every twenty private !
          twenty pri- men enlifting; and in cafe the militia of any county fhall
          vate men. confift of more than one battalion, his Majefty’s fecretary of
          Where more ftate fhall afeertain the number of private men that may be ’
          than one allowed to enlift out of each of fuch battalions, by the propor-battalion, the .     , . ,  .        ,                        .*  ■?    r,  f .
          lecretary of t,on which the number of private men ferving in each bat-
          ftateto fignify talion bears to the whole number of private men aftually ferving
          to the com- in the militia of fuch county, and fhall fignify to the com-
          ™hcers^he manding officers of each of fuch battalions, the number of
          number to be Private men that may be allowed to enlift out of their refpeftive
          enlifted out of battalions.
          each.            HI.  And  be it further  enafted. That it fhall be lawful for
          Commanding-the commanding-officer of any regiment of militia, on the officer to1 af- receipt of any order or orders of his Majefty’s fecretary of ftate, nu^berwH- Specifying the regiment or divifion as aforefaid, into which his ling to enlift, men may enlift, and the number of men to be allowed to enlift and if it be out of his regiment, to afeertain the number of ferjeants, corporals.
    

         1805.] AnnorcgniquadragefimoquintoGEOROii III. c. 31.                   755
         porals, and private men willing to enlift into the regiment or four fifths of divifton as aforefaid, out of his regiment; and if the number ‘^number
      I of fuch private men, who (hall upon infpeftion be approved as niort lh’all be herein-before is mentioned, fhall amount to four fifths of the enlifted. number allowed to enlift, forthwith to deliver them to the officer appointed to receive fuch volunteers ; and in fuch cafe no further number of private men fhall be allowed to enlift out of fuch regiment.
            IV.  And be it further enabled. That it fhall be lawful for Comtnanding-
      Ithe commanding-officer of any regiment of militia, if he fhall °®^er may think fit, by ballot or other wife, at his diferetion, to feleft any j^lf"
         number of private men, not exceeding in number one half of Qf the number the private men aftually ferving in fuch regiment at the time ferving in the of receiving his Majefty’s faid order, or in cafe fuch regiment regiment of fhall confift of the militia of two or more counties, then not the * me n1 to be exceeding in number for each county one half of the private eniiftcj'under men aftually ferving in fuch regiment for each county, to l’erve this aft fiiall as part of the original quota of the militia to which the county be froin the fhall remain liable, and alfo to feleft a like proportion of ferjeants remauu*er* and corporals then ferving therein; and the ferjeants, corporals, and private men fo felefted bv fuch commanding-officer, fhall not be allowed to enlift into any regiment or divifton as aforefaid, under this aft ; and in every fuch cafe the ferjeants, corporals, and private men, to be enlifted under this aft, fhall be • enlifted only out of the ferjeants, corporals, and private men, remaining after fuch feleftion as aforefaid. •
            V.  And be it further enafted, .That it fhall be lawful for his His Majefly      *
         Majefty to appoint fuch general or field officers, fpecially au- appoint thorifed by his Majefty, or the commander in chief of his Majefty’s pi-ov^orrejeft forces for that purpefe, to infpeft, approve, or rejeft the lerjeants, thc mtn, but •
      ;  corporals, and private men, who (hall be defirous of enlifting none (hall be
      1  under this aft ; and fuch officers may approve of or rejeft fuch rejefted who
      : ferjeants, corporals, or private men accordingly : provided al- j'n^.hces
         ways, that nothing in this aft contained fhall extend to authorileand under* any fuch officers to rejeft any ferjeants, corporals, or private men, 35 years of delirous of enlifting into any regiment or divifton as aforefaid,       not
         who fhall be of the height of five feet and four inches or upwards, la ec** and under the age of thirty five years, and not difabled by lame-nefs or other bodily infirmity.          ,
            VI.      And be it further enafted, That the commanding-officer Commanding-of every regiment of militia, out of which fuch proportion of (our officer of every 1 fifths fhall not have enlifted, and been delivered to fuch officer as the*”
         aforefaid, fhall, within feven days after receiving his Majefty’s prop0rtjon Qf order in that behalf, caufe fuch regiment, if no feleftion fhall have four fifths been made as aforefaid, and if fuch feleftion fhall have been made, ft15'1 not enlift, then the remaining part of the men then ferving in fuch regiment, ^lahdlv's or-:  to be drawn out, and fuch commanding-officer, or fome com- Rnd ^all
      imiftioned officer by his direftion, fhall read to the regiment or explain to the men, fo drawn out, his Majefty’s orders, and fhall caule the fame men Hie to be given out in orders, and (hall, in fuch manner as his Ma-jefty fhall direft, explain to the men the terms upon which any caufcthc
3 c 2
man names of the
 reduced by ballot.
 But if the number who (hall enliit lhall not be the due proportion, a
 men may within ten days enlift, whofe names (hall be entered and tranfmitted to
          756 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.31. [1805.
          volurfteers man ferving in the militia may enlift into any regiment or divifion to be written as aforefaid, under this ad, and (hall on the day next fucceeding the'y'exceed the reachng of his Majefty’s faid order, caufe his regiment, or fucb the allowed part thereof as aforefaid, to be drawn out in fuch manner as the proportion the coftimanding-officer (hall dired, and fuch commanding-officer r^w^hv** ^all caufe the names °f the men who (Hall then voluntarily de-clare their intention of enlifting into any regiment or divifion as aforefaid, to be written down ; and if the number of fuch men (lull exceed the proportion allowed to enliit, fuch excefs lhall be reduced by ballot to the number authorifed to enliit into any regiment or divifion as aforefaid.
     VII.                   Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if the number of private men in any regiment of militia, or in fuch part thereof as lhall not have been feleded as aforefaid, who lhall (when fo drawn out as aforefaid) voluntarily declare their intention to enliit into any regiment or divilion as aforefaid, lhall not book (hall be amount unto the proportion authorifed to enlift, then and in fuch opened, and Cafe a book lhall be opened by the commanding-officer, and it lhall be lawful for any other of fuch men, at any time within ten days after fuch regiment of militia, or fuch part thereof as aforefaid, (hall have been drawn out, to enliit into any regiment or divilion as aforefaid, and the name of every fuch man lhall be entered in the faid book, and be tranfmitted by fuch commanding-the county             officer to the lieutenant or vice-lieutenant of the county; and in
lieutenant,  cafe the full number of men lhall not be enlifted within fuch
          and if the full period of ten days as aforefaid, the regiment, or fuch part thereof
          nofthen be   as no* ^ave ^een                 as aforefaid, lhall at the expiration
of fuch period be again drawn out, and fuch orders, and the terms of enlifting as aforefaid, be again read and explained, and fuch proceedings be had for enlifting of men into any regiment or divilion as aforefaid, as herein-before direded, within the ten next ten days, days then nextenfuing; and all fuch men fo enlifting lhall, if approved, be entitled to fuch and the like bounty as if they had declared their intention to enlift when the regiment, or any part thereof, was firft drawn out as aforefaid.
          If the full pro- VIII. And be it further enaded, That if the full proportion of portion of any the militia of any county, authorifed to enlift under this ad, lhall not enlift fu- not ^ave enhfted to ferve in any regiment or divifion as aforefaid, ture vacancies then and in fuch cafe the vacancies that lhall thereafter arife in (hall be fup- fuch militia lhall be fupplied according to the provilions of two plied accord- feveral ads pa fled in the laft feflicn of parliament, intituled. caps^jVand 3     for cflablijbing and maintaining a permanent additional force for
          66, until the the defence of the realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majejbft
          militia be re- regular forces, and for the gradual reduction of the militia ^England, duced to its and An aft for ejlablijhing and maintaining a permanent additional crigina quota 'forcefor the defence of the rea, and to provide for augmenting hit
                        Majejlf s regular forces, and for the gradual reduftion of the militia ^Scotland, respectively, until the militia of fuch county (hall be reduced to the original quotas fpecified in the faid ads of the forty-fecond year aforefaid.
          Serjeants and I jf, And be it further enaded, That any ferjeant or corporal corporals may                                                            enlifting
 enlifted, the proceedings xor enlifting them (hall be

       Go $le
         i S05.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 3*-            757
         enlifting as fuch under this aft, may be reduced to the rank of a he reduced t® private foldier in any regiment or divifion as aforefaid, in cafe of^fvatekd- ' any mifconduft, or for any fuch fufficient caufe, after his having Sier*. ' fo enlifted, as would, according to the ufage and praftice prevailing in any regiment or divifion as aforefaid, occafion the re-duftion of a ferjeant or corporal to the rank of a private foldier.
           X.     And be it further cnafted, That fo foon as the number of As foon as the ferjeants, corporals, and private men to be enlifted from any re- number to be giment, fhall have befcn afcertained in manner by this aft direfted, regiment the commanding-officer of fuch regiment is hereby required to js afcertained, difeharge all fuch ferjeants, corporals, and private men fo to be they (hall be
      I enlifted from the militia; and every fuch ferjeant, corporal, and difcharged, t private man fo difeharged as aforefaid, fhall, if approved by the appro'va'd officer to be appointed by his Majefty for that purpofe, imme- attefted for 1 diately thereupon belong to the regiment, or divifion into which general fervice > he fhall declare his intention to enlift, and fhall be immediately *n the regi-1 enlifted and attefted for general fervice for fuch regiment or divi- {^^declared Con, and fhall (as foon as conveniently may be) be transferred to thejr intention fome officer of fuch regiment or divifion, or fuch officer as his to enlift, and Majefty may have appointed to receive men enlifted under this fhall be enti-aft, and fhall have and be entitled to the allowance of the bounty of ten guineas, of which three guineas fhall be paid to fuch man guineas, See. on his approval by fuch officer, at the depot, rendezvous, or place of afiembly for fuch ferjeants, corporals, and private men, (which faid depot, rendezvous, or place of afiembly fhall not be nearer to the head quarters of the regiment from which the faid ferjeants,
      1 corporals, and private men fhall have been difeharged, than fix ; meafured miles), and the remainder as foon as he fhall arrive at : the head quarters of the regiment or divifion into which he fhall 1 have enltfted, together with fubfiftence, pay, and cloathing, to be ; paid and furnifhed in like manner in every relpeft, and fubjeft to,
      1 and under the like laws, rules, and regulations, as are provided 1 and ufed for the regiment or divifion as aforefaid, into which he : fhall have enlifted.                                           The lord-
           XI.    And be it further enacted. That the lieutenant, or in his J.*eu**?ant» on abfence the vice-lieutenant or any three deputy-lieutenants, au- orderfromhl®
      I thorifed by his Majefty to aft as lieutenant of any county afore- Majefty, fhall ; faid, fhall, within ten days after the receiving any order for tranfmittotbe , that purpofe from his Majefty, fignified by his Majefty’s fecretary P™*cCCountC'pf 1 of ftate, tranfmit to his Majefty’s privy council an accurate ac- Re number of 1 count in writing of the number of perfons that fhall have been men difeharg-1 difeharged from the militia of their refpeftive counties, and en- ed, which (hall, lifted in any regiment or divifion as aforefaid under this aft,
      1 which accounts fhall, in all cafes where the .fame may be necef- mitted tc/him , fary, be tranfmitted by the commanding officers of fuch militia by the com-; to fuch lieutenants, vice-lieutenants, or deputy-lieutenants as manding-; aforefaid for that purpofe.                                    officer.
      ; XII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no No perfon in t non-commiffioned officer, corporal, or private militia man, fhall I be entitled to enlift under this aft who (hall be in confinement titjed to under any fentence of any court-martial, or with a view to being until he (hall t                                                          tried  have fuffered
      1
      t        .       GO.-'gle                                    NEW  YORnPUSC. c'l
 been in confinement or fcntenced to puniihment within a certain period without con-Tent of the commanding* officer.
 No ferjeant or
 758 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III.c. 31. [1805.
 the frntence tried by any court-martial, until he (hall have fuffered the fentence
 nurtiahWor         court-mart>al > and that no noo-commiffioned officer,
 any who have corporal, or private mih'tia man, (hall be entitled to hisdifeharge ’           or to enlift under this ait, who (hall have been in confinement,
             or who (hall -have been fentenced to any puniihment by any court-martial, for any offence committed between the twenty-firft day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, and the time of his fo offering to enlift, unlefs he (hall obtain the confent -of the commanding-officer of the regiment of militia in which he (hall be ferving at the time of his being defirous of cnlifting as aforefaid.
               XIII. Provided alfo, and be it further ena<51ed, That no fer-corporal (hall jeant or corporal of militia lhall be permitted to enlift as fuch enlift into the into his Majefty’s artillery.
 fuch'1^ aS XIV. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That no perfon
 Certain per- ferving in the militia, who fhall be ufually employed as adjutant’s
 fons not to cleric, or regimental cleric, or as a drummer, or as a mufician in
 enlift without the band of the regiment of militia to which he fhall belong, or
 the confent ot tfiall be ufually employed as an armourer in any fuch regiment,
 the command*                  rL.',                  ... .7
 ing-officer. (•**" be entitled to his difeharge, or to enlift into any regiment
             or divifion as aforefaid under this a£f, unlefs he (hall obtain the confent for that purpofe of the commanding-officer of the regiment of militia in which he (hall be then ferving.
                                                                     XV. And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful for the commanding-officer of any regiment of militia to refufe to difeharge any non-commiffioned officer, corporal, or private militia who (hall defire his difeharge for the purpofe of being en-under this a£f, upon affigning in writing to the general
 Commanding officers may refufe to difeharge men upon affigning man, fufficientcaufe lifted
 to the general officer commanding in the diftriit within which fuch regiment of
 thedi'ftri^or             bequartered, or tothe adjutant-general of his Mnjefty’s
 to the adjutant-general
             forces, where there (hall not be any fuch general officer as aforefaid, fuch caufe for his refufal as (hall be deemed fufficient by fuch general officer or adjutant-general, as the cafe may be.
                .XVI. Provided always, and be it further enadted. That if any perfon difeharged from the militia for the purpofe of being enlifted enlift or Wall‘nt0 any re§‘ment or divifion as aforefaid, under this adf, (hall not be ap- notwithftanding refufe to enlift purfuant to any declaration of be-ptoved, he ing defirous to enlift fo made by him as aforefaid, or (hall not be aPProvcd by lbe officer appointed by his Majefty for that purpofe, then and in every fuch cafe fuch perfon fhall continue to belong to the regiment of militia from which he (hall have been fo difeharged for the purpofe of enlifting as aforefaid, notwithftanding any fuch difeharge.
                XVII. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That nothing in this adl contained (hall authorife any officers appointed by his Majefty to enlift and receive militia men under this a<ft, or any enlift a'ny'man commanding-officer or other officer, or non-commiffioned officer not duly dif- of any regiment or divifion as aforefaid, or other perfon, to enlift Charged. or perfuade to enlift, or receive any militia men other than fuch as (hall have been duly difeharged by the colonel or commanding-officer of the regiment of militia to which the perfon defirous of enlifting (hall belong.                   _               *    XVIII,   And
 If any perfon difeharged fhall refufe to
 to belong to the regiment from which difeharged.
 A& not to authorife the enlifting or per-fuading to
  I
Go
gle
 *                      1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 31. 759
       XVIII.    And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for His Majefty
     his Majefty, by any order fignified by his Majefty’s fecretary     to'lords”
     ftate at any time, from time to time during the execution of this lieutenant and a£t, or any part thereof, to give fuch orders and directions to the commanding-lieutenants, or in the vacancy of the office, or abfence of any officers for lord-lieutenant, to the vice-lieutenant or deputy-lieutenants au-           ^
     thorifed to a£l as lieutenant, or to the refpedtive colonels or com- tjon'” exccu* manding-officers of any regiments of militia as his Majefty (hall
     from time to time think expedient and neceflary for the execution of this ad; and the feverallieutenants, vice-lieutenants, and deputy-lieutenants, and colonels and commanding-officers afore-faid, (hail proceed forthwith, in purfuance of his Majefty’s orders, to do all fuch ads as (hall be neceflary for the purpofe of carrying fuch order into execution, and for the due execution of the proviflons of this ad.
       XIX.        And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful forHisMaiefty his Majefty, whenever he (hall think proper, after the paffing 0f may make this ad, to caufe the militia of any county or counties to be m^/ofThe* formed into fuch and fuch number of regiments, battalions, or eftabliffiment companies, as his Majefty (hall deem expedient, or to unite any of the regi-number of companies of militia of any counties, ridings, or places, of not having refpedively a fufficient number of men to form a mi 1 la* diftind battalion or company, regard being had to the redudion
     that fhall have taken place in the militia of fuch county or counties by the enliftment of men into any regiment or divifion as aforefaid, under this ad, and conforming in every fuch cafe, as near as the proportion of men left after fuch redudion as aforefaid will admit, to the original eftablifhment of the militia of fuch county or counties, riding or place, with refped to the regiments, battalions, or companies of which the fame wascompofed, under ' rlie faid two ads of the forty-fecond year aforefaid.
       XX.        And be it further enaded. That every perfon who (hall Noperfonlhall be enlifted to ferve in any regiment or divifion fo named and ap- ^0^at'^drc •„ pointed as aforefaid, (hall ferve in the regiment or divifion in ment in wffich which he fhall originally have enlifted 10 ferve, and in no other he enlifted unregiment or divifion whatever; and no perfon enlifting in any lefs firlt dif-fuch regiment or divifion, (hall, on any account or pretence what- charged there-(oever, be drafted into or ferve in any other regiment or divifion,rrom* whether fuch perfon (hall confent to his being fo drafted or not,
     unlefs in every fuch cafe, the perfon fo confenting to ferve in any other regiment or divifion, other than the one for which he (hall have fo enlifted as aforefaid, (hall have been firft wholly and absolutely difeharged from all lervice whatever in any regiment or divifion as aforefaid, and (hall thereafter have voluntarily enlifted into fuch other regiment or divifion as aforefaid.
       XXI.    And be it further enadled. That upon the produ&ion On produc-
     to the lieutenant or vice-lieutenant, or three deputy-lieutenants don to the
     of any county, of a certificate under the hand of any juftice of the l°rd-!ieute-1 c 1                      .♦/■».»•.•         r    1 i   n.       nant ot certifi-
     pcace or any county in Great Britain^or of any magiftrate ofcatesofmea
     any borough, town, or place therein, of any private man belong- having been
 ing to the militia having voluntarily enlifted and been attefted as enlifted, their
aforefaid
NEW YORK PUE
                                            -
                                           I
     '760                 Anno regni quadragefimo qaintoGEORGii III. c.31. [1805.
     naVnes (hall be aforefaid, and of a like certificate under the hand of any officer from the' bit of aPP°'ntc^ by his Majefty to receive fuch men, of fucli man hav-men ferving 'ng been attcfted for any regiment or divificn as aforefaid (which for the coun- certificates every fuch juftice or magiftrate and officer refpetfively ty, and the js hereby required to give^r<2/»r), fuch lieutenant, vice-lieutenant,
     thenumberto or ^ePuty*^eutcnants *s an(f are hereby required to caule the be raifed perfon named in fuch certificate to be difcharged from the lift of amended. militia men ferving for fuch county, and the certificate of the number of men to be raifed for the militia of fuch county, to be amended by ftrikingout fuch number of men as (hall be enlifted from the militia of fuch county by virtue of this ad.
     Where by en. XXII. And be it further enabled. That if by reafon of any lifting the men enlifting under this a<ft, the private men that fhall remain ferving fta^exceed in 'n 3ny hundred or other divifion, pardh or parilhes of any county fome, and be fl*all exceed, and in any other hundred or divifion, or parifh or leisin other parifhes fhall be left, than the men required to ferve for fuch divifions of refpedfive hundreds, divifions, or parifhes, according to the appor-than^heir^ tionment made of the original quota of fuch county, it fhall be original quo- lawful for the lieutenant and deputy-lieutenants of fuch county to tas, the lieutc- regulate the fupplying of all vacancies that fhall hereafter arife in nancy may refpetft of men ferving for parifhes having fuch excels by the fuDDlvmsrfii- '?>ar‘ft*cs hav>ng lefs than their due proportion, until the men ferv-ture vacancies *n? for each parifh (hall correfpond with the apportionment made accordingly, of the original quota.
     Adjutants of XX11I. And be it further ena<5ted, That the adjutant of every the militia to regiment of militia fhall, within one week after the whole of the turns or the men aH°wec^to enlift out of his regiment under this a<ft fhall have men who have enlifted, or after the expiration ot the period in which men fhall enlifted under be allowed to enlift from his regiment, tranfmit to the refpeiftive this adt, to the clerks of the fubdivjfion meetings for the county to which the fubdivifion * regiment belongs, or where the men of more than one county meetings, who fhall be fo ferving, then to the clerks.of fuch refpCCtive counties, fhall tranfmit an accurate return of all the ferjeants and corporals, and alfo of to the county the private men ferving for their refpe£tive fubdivifions, who fhall England an have enhfted under this acf, fpecifying therein the chrifiian and account of the furname of each ferjeant, corporal, and private man ; and in every ferjeants and cafe of a private man, whether fuch man fhall be a baliotted man, corporals, and fubflitute, hired man, or volunteer, and the parifh or place for feeV^in Ene- which he was ferving at the time of fuch enlifting ; and the faid land,and trear clerks fhall, immediately upon the receipt of fuch returns, tranf-furersof the mit to the treafurer of the county, if in        an  account of
     kirk, feffion in the ferjeants and Corporals that lhall have been fo enlifted, and
     account ofthe t0 l*1e re^Pe<^‘ve overfeers of the poor, if in    , and the
     privates lo treafurers of the kirk feffion, if in Scotland, an account of the men enlifted. ferving for their refpe&ive parifhes or places who fhall have en-How allow- lifted under this a<ft; and a}l allowances payable to the wives families’of * ant* ^am‘**es °f any fuch ferjeants, corporals, and private men, by fuch ferjeants, virtue of two aefts of the forty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s tcc. lhall be reign, for providing relief for the wives and families of militia fettled. men in England and Scotland refpedtively, in refpecl whereof any reimburfement fhall be diredled by the faid acls, fhall be reimbursed
         do gle                                           NE,   o
 \
 I


     1805.] Anno regniquadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c
     buried according to the directions of the faid ads, up to the end of the period for making up accounts of fuch allowances, pre-vioufly to which fuch enlifting (hall have taken place, unlefs notice (hall have been given to the overfeers or treafurers of the kirk feffion, entitled to claim any fuch reimbursements, to discontinue fuch allowances, in which cafe fuch allowances (hall be reimbursed only up to the end of the week next preceding fuch notice being given.
       XXIV.      Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That nothing in this ad contained (hall be conftrued to extend to any county, the number of men adually Serving for which county fha/l be Iefs than the original quota thereof.
       XXV.     And be it further enabled, That all proviiions, direc-
     tions, claufes, matters, and things in this ad contained, relating to counties and to regiments refpedivdy, (hall extend to all ftewartries, ridings, divifions, cities, and places in Great ,
     and to all battalions, corps, and companies, as fully and amply as if they were Severally and refpedively repeated in every fuch provision, direction, and claufe relating to any fuch matter or thing.
       XXVI.      And be it further enaded, That this ad may be altered, amended, or repealed, by any ad or ads to be made in this prefent feliion of parliament.
                         CAP. XXXII.
32.    761
Ad not to extend to counties where the number of men ferving ihall be lefs than their original quotas. Proviiions re-latingto counties and to regiments (hall extend to ttewartries, battalions,
Ad may be altered or re-
Saled this &on.
      An     aCt for granting to foreign /hips put under his Maje/ly s protection
         the privileges of prize /hips under certain regulations and -tions; and for allowing   aliens, in foreign colonies fur rendered to his
             Maje/ly, to exercife the occupations   of merchants or factors during
         the prefent war, and until fix months after the ratification 0/ a definitive treaty of peace.—[April 10, 1805.]
      WHEREAS, inconfequence of articles of                            ,   whereby
                certain foreign colonies or     fettlements, or parts thereof have
      been or may hereafter be furrenaered to his Maje/ly during the prefent war,certain foreign /hips and ve/fels may have been put or may be put under his       Maje/ly'sprotection : and     whereas the faid /hips and
      vefftlsy not being taken and condemned as lawful prize in any court of      admiralty,                   cannot, by the laws now in farce, be as prize
      jhips, and be entitled to the privileges and advantages of fuch /hips : and whereas it is jujl and expedient that /hips or ve/fels which jhall have been or may be fo put under his Maje/ly's protection Jhould be admitted in like manner as prize Jhips to the privileges and advantages #/Britiih /hips or ve/fels, under certain regulations and rejlridions: be it therefore enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all foreign (hips and veflels which, in confequence of any fuch capitulation, (hail have Foreign fliips been or may be fo put under his Majefty’s protedion at the put under his time of or in confequence of the furrender of any foreign colony Majefiy’s pre-or fettlement, or part of any foreign colony or fettlement, teft,orj b7 any
        Co gle
     762 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 32. [1805.
     mayberegif- to his Majefty, (ball and maybe regiftered in like manner as ftPs and          taken and condemned as lawful prize may, by the laws
     entitled to the now 'n farce> be regiftered, and (hall by virtue thereof become privileges of entitled to the privileges and advantages of (hips or veftels,
     Britifh veflels under the regulations and reftridlions herein-after mentioned: regulaUons'11 Prov,^e<* always, that no fuch (hip or vefTel (hall be fo regiftered b       ‘   but upon producing a certificate under the hand and feal of the
                 perfon who commanded in chief by fea or by land at the time when fuch foreign colony or fettlement, or part of foreign colony or fettlement, was furrendered to his Majefty; or in cafe of the death or departure of any fuch officer before fuch certificate (hall have been fo given, then, upon a like certificate, under the hand and feal of the perfon who (hall command in chief by/ea or-by land at fuch colony or fettlement, or part of fuch colony or fettlement, teftifying that fuch (hip or veftel was put under the protection of his Majefty at the time of or in confequence of fuch furrender; and upon oath being made and fubferibed before the perfon or perfons authorifed to make fuch regiftry and grant fuch certificate of regiftry refpectively, (which they arc hereby refpectively empowered to adminifter,) by the owner of fuch (hip or veftel, if fuch (hip or veftel is owned by or belongs to one perfon only, or in cafe there (hall be two joint owners, then by both of fuch joint owners, if both (hall be refident within twenty miles of the port or place where fuch regifter is required, or by one of fuch owners if one or both of them (hall be refident at a greater diftance from fuch port or place, or if the number of fuch owners or proprietors (hall exceed two, then by the greater part of the number of fuch owners or proprietors if the greater number of them (hall be refident within twenty miles of fuch port or place as aforefaid, not in any cafe exceeding three of fuch owners or proprietors, or by one of fuch owners if all (hall be refident at a greater diftance, declaring, in the form and manner herein-after dire&ed, that fuch (hip or veftel is wholly owned by natural-born Britift) fubjeifs, or by aliens that have been naturalized or made denizens, or by perfons who have become Britift) fubje&s by virtue of fome capitulation or conqueft as aforefaid, and have taken the oath of fidelity and allegiance to his Majefty, in confequence of fuch capitulation or conqueft, or by any or either of the before-mentioned deferiptions of perfons under*his* and none other: provided alfo, that fuch regiftry (hall not be Majefty's pro- ma(^e> nor certificate of fuch regiftry be granted, for any (hip or teaionin De- veftel that has been or may be fo put under his Majefty’s pro-merary and te£fion in the fettlements of Demerary and      on the conti-
     Bcrbice (hall nent 0f South America, but in the port of in the ifland Scarborough^ Tobago-,and that the faid port of Scarborough (hall, for the pur-in TobagoT pofe of fuch regiftry, be deemed and taken to be the port to which fuch (hip or veftel belongs.
     Oath to be in II. And be it further ena&ed. That the oath before dire&ed
     the following t0 be taken (hall be in the form and manner following : form.                                                  #      °
                                                          *T A. B.of (place of refidence and occupation) do make oath,
                                                        * X that the (hip or veftel (name) of (port or place) whereof
                                                                                                             (matter's
*
                                                             
r
I 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quiato Georgii III. c. 32. 763
       * (mafter’s name) is at prefent mafter, being (kind of built, bur-4 then, &c. as dcfcribed in the certificate of the furveying
       * officer) was (when and where built, or if prize, capture and 4 condemnation, or if put under his Majefty’s protection,
       * when and where;) and that I the faid B. (and the other 4 owners’ names and occupations (if any) and where they re-4 fpedlively refide, videlicet, town, place, or parifh and county,
       4 or if member of and refident in any fadtory in foreign parts, or 4 in any foreign town or city, being an agent for or partner in
       * any houfe of trade, or copartnerlhip actually carrying on trade
       4 in Great                  Britain, or Ireland, the name of fuch factory, foreign
       4 town or city, and the names of fuch houfe or copartnerfhip)
       4 am (or are) foie owner (or owners) of the faid velfe!, and that 4 no other perfon or perfons whatever hath or have any right,
       4 title, intercft, (hare, or property therein or thereto; and that I 4 the faid A. B. (and the faid other owners if any) am (or are)
       4 truly and bona Jide a fubjedt (or fubjedts) of Great Britain; and 4 that [ the faid A. B. have not (nor have any of the other 4 owners, to the beft of my knowledge and belief) taken the 4 oath of allegiance to any foreign ftate whatever (except under 4 the terms of fome capitulation, defcribing the particulars 4 thereof) or that fince my taking (or his or their taking) the 4 oath of allegiance to (naming the foreign ftates refpedtively to 4 which he or any of the faid owners fhall have taken the fame,)
       4 and prior to the palling of an adt in the twenty-fixth year of 4 the reign of King George the Third, intituled. An for the 4 further imreafe and encouragement of        and           , I
       4 have (or he or they hath or have) become a fubjedt (or fub-4 jedts) of Great Britain, (either by his Majefty’s letters patent 4 as a denizen (or denizens) or naturalized by adl of parliament,
       4 as the cafe may be (naming the dates of the letters of deniza-4 tion or the adt or adts of parliament for naturalization refpec-4 lively;) or (as the cafe may be) I have (or he or they hath or 4 have) become a denizen (or denizens or naturalized fubjedt or 4 fubjedts, as the cafe may be) of Great Britain by his Majefty’s 4 letters patent, or by an adt of parliament palled fince the firft 4 day of "January one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-fix 4 (naming the times when fuch letters of denization have been 4 granted refpedtively, or the year or years in which fuch adt or 4 adtsof naturalization have palled re'pedtively;) or that I A. B.
       4 and the other owners, if any, having become Britijh fubjedt or 4 fubjedts by virtue of a capitulation or conqueft (defcribing the 4 particulars thereof as to place, ftate, and parties) have (or he 4 or they hath or have) taken the oath of fidelity and allegiance 4 to his majefty the King of Great Britain (defcribing the times 4 when, the place where, and before whom taken) in confequencc 4 of fuch capitulation,- and that no foreigner, diredtly or indi-4 redtly, hath any (hare or part or intereft in the faid fhip or
          III. And be it further cnadted, That it (hall be lawful for any Such veflel*
4 vellel.*
(hip m<7 import
   r anil    »rt a
export at -
 to be regifter-cd duty free.
      764 Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 32. [1805. prize veflels, (hip or veflel being regiftered and having a certificate of regiftry fronTan f° ort as nfoTt(tddt ant* being navigated as (hips are now or may
      in°Europc^m>t hereafter be required by law to be navigated, to import and exin poiietfionof port to and from any place or places whatfoever, fuch goods and bis Majefty. merchandize refpeftively and none other, as maybe imported and exported by any {hip or vefTel taken and condemned as lawful prize; fuch importations and exportations to be made in like manner, and under and fubjeft to the like duties, conditions, regulations, and reftriftions, and fubjeft to the like penalties and forfeitures for the breach thereof, as if the fame were made by any {hip or veflel taken and condemned as lawful prize: provided always, that fuch (hips and veflels fo put under his Majefty's protection (hall not be allowed to import or export any goods whatfoever to or from any port in Europe not in the pofleflion of his Majefty.
      His Majefty IV. And jt furthcr enacted. That it flialland may be lawful fuch veflelson ^or b|S Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy council, at their arrival in anytime, on the arrival of any fuch {hip or veflel in any port of Great Britain Great Britain, upon application to him made, and upon confi-deration of fuch circumftances as {hall fatisfy his Majefty of the expediency thereof, to authorife any fuch {hip or veflel (without payment of any duty whatever for the faid {hip or veflel, or the fails and other neceflary tackle, apparel, and furniture thereof) to be regiftered, and to have a certificate thereof, as in the cafe of a prize {hip, in any port in the kingdom of Great      , and
fuch {hip or veflel fo regiftered (hall in fuch cafe be entitled to all the privileges and advantages which belong by law to {hips taken and condemned as lawful prize.
   V.   And whereas by an a£l faffed in the year of the reign of King Charles the Second, , An aft for the encouraging and increafing of (hipping and navigation, it is ,      that no
alien or perfon not born within the allegiance of our fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fuccejfors, or naturalised or made afree  ,
fhall exercife the trade or occupation of a merchant or fablor in any lands, ijlatidsy plantations, or , to his Majefty  , or
                 in his pofjejfion, or which might thereafter belong unto or be in the pojfejfton of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, in Afia, Africa, or America, upon pain of the forfeiture and lofs of all his goods and chattels, or which are in his poffeffion; be it enacted, That every perfon, although an alien born, and neither naturalized nor made a free denizen, who (hall refide in any ifland or place which has furrendered, or which (hall hereafter furrender to his Majefty, and be in his Majefty’s pofleflion, and who fhall have taken the factors taking oatfi °f fidelity and allegiance to his Majefty according to the the oath of * terms of the capitulation under which fuch ifland or place (hall have furrendered, (hall be, and {hall, from the time of fuch fur-render, be deemed to have been entitled to exercife the trade or occupation of a merchant or faftor in any fuch ifland or place, during fo long time as the fame fhall remain and be in the pof-feflion or under the proteftion of his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-ceflbrsj any thing in the faid aft contained to the contrary
                                                                                             notwith-
 la Car. a. c. 18. recited.
 Aliens refid* ing in any place (urren-aered to his Majefty, may adt as merchants or
 allegiance.
      .Go gle
      1805.] Annoregni quadfagefimo quintoGEORGii Ilf. c. 32.                 763
     notwithftanding; fubjeft »everthelefs to fuch laws and regulations as his Majefty’s fubjefts (hall and may be liable to in the fame iflands or places.
       VI.     Provided always, and be it further enafled. That this a£fc, Aft not to or any tiling herein contained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued ^htfof the to extend, to take away, abridge, vary, or alter, any of the rights |^ija c or privileges belonging to and veiled in the United Company of Company. Merchants of England trading to the E , by any charter, aft of parliament, or other wife whatfoever, refpefting perfons
     refident in or carrying on, or being concerned in any trade to, from, or in any place or places within the limits of the exclufive trade of the fat'd United Company; but all perfons refident, and all trade to be carried on within the faid limits under the authority of the faid capitulations or of this a&, (hall be fubjedl unto all and every the prohibitions, reftriftions, regulations, licences, duties, and conditions, in all refpe&s as the reiidence and trade of any Britifh fubjedl is now liable to by law, and fhall be fubjedb to the like penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things which any Britifh fubjedt, and the goods, merchandize, and trade of any Britifh fubjeft, would be fubjeft and liable to by Jaw for doing any thing in violation of the rights and privilege, of the faid United Company ; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.
       VII.  And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be law- Governors,
     ful for the refpedtive governors or lieutenant-governors or Ac. of Deme-officers commanding in chief of the fettlements of          and    ^rof ant
     Berbice on the continent of South America, or of any other fettle- oti,e’r fettle- * ment or place which may furrender to his Majefty’s arms during ment, which the prefent war, to adminifter the oaths, grant the certificates, may furrender and do all and every other matters and things in and about the*°ft regiftering of the faid (hips, which, under the authority of an adl admi- * made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Ma-niftsr oaths, jefty, intituled. An a£l for the further encreafe and encouragement certifi-
     fhipping and navigation, may be done by the governor, lieutenant- a^eeablv'to governor, or commander in chief, and principal officer or officers q j.c.60, of his Majefty’s revenue of cuftoms in any of his Majefty’s colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories, in   , refpedling
     the regiftering of (hips there ; and the faid governors, or lieutenant-governors, or officers commanding in chief at fuch places refpedfively, (hall appoint fuch officers under them as they (hail think proper, for furveying the (hips to be regiftered, and for doing all other things relating thereto, which, in and by the faid a£t is to be done by certain officers of the cuftoms therein mentioned.
       VIII.     And be it enafted. That this aft (hall continue in force Continuance during the prefent war, and until fix months afterthe ratification °f
     of a definitive treaty of peace.
                           CAP. XXXIII.
                                                              An aft to make valid certain licences granted by virtue of an order in council for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods
                                                                                                                     and
       Co gle
                                             766 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34. [1805.
                      and merchandize from and to Spain in neutral vefTels; and for indemnifying all perfom concerned in advifmg fuch order, or granting or adlmg under fuch licences-—[April io, 1805.]
                                        CAP. XXXIV.
                    An a Cl to permit the importation of goods and commodities from countries in America belonging to any foreign European          or
                      Jlate in neutral J,hips, during the prefent , and until fix months after the ratification'of a definitive treaty of peace.—[April io, 1805.]
                    WHEREAS by the laws in forte no goods or commodities whatfoever of the g, , or manufacture of America, can (except in certain cafes) be imported into kingdom but in Britifh-Wf /hips, owned and navigated according to law: and whereas it is    expedient, under the prefent , to permit
                    certain goods and commodities to be imported under certain tions in foreign /hips belonging to fubjeCts of Jiates - amity with his
Majefly: be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this adl it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, by and with the m Arne- a<jvice Qf h',s priVy council, to grant licence to any  fubje&
to any foreign or fottjedU to import into this kingdom for his or their own ac-European fo- count, or for account of a lubjedl or fubjedls of any ftate in amity with his Majefty, from any country in America belonging to any foreign European fovereign or ftate, any goods or commo* dities of the growth or produce, whether manufactured or other-wife, of any fuch country, not prohibited to be ufed or confumed .in this kingdom, in any fhip or veftel belonging to any ftate in amity with his Majefty, and under fuch rules, regulations, re-ftridlions, and fecurities, as his Majefty, with the advice of his privy council, (hall approve, and fubjedt to the fame duties as fuch goods and commodities would be fubjedf to if imported in any Britijh-built (hip or veftel, and to the fame rules, regulations, reftridtions, and fecurities, penalties, and forfeitures, refped ing the payment of the fame; any law, cuftom,or ufage, to the contrary Sugar and jn anywife notwithftanding : provided always, that all fugar and warehous'd * co^ce» imported in purfuance of this adf, fhall be warehoufed on impoita- immediately on importation, and fhall not be taken out of ware-tion.        houfe to be ufed or confumed in this kingdom, but only for ex-
        Conditions on portation to foreign parts: provided always, that no fuch licence which licences (hall be granted to any perfon or perfons who fhall not have ex-(hall be ported or given fuch fecurity as (hall be required for exporting from this kingdom:accordingto law, to the pofleflionsin America belonging to the fame European fovereign or ftate, any goods or commodities bearing fuch proportion in value to the goods fo to be imported as his Majefty, by and with the advice aforefaid, fhall think reafonable and (hall diredt: provided always, that if anyqueftion fhall arife in any cafe whether any thing which fhall be done was authorized to be'done by virtue of any fuch licence,
                                                                                                                   the
 His Majefly may grant licences to import good8 in neutral (hips from countries in America
 ▼ereign or ftate, under certain conditions.
 granted.
    
   1805*] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georg 11 III. c. 35- 767
   the proof that fcch thing was done under the circumftances and according to the terms and conditions in fuch licence to be ex> prefled, (hall lie on the perfon or perfons rel'peftively claiming the benefit of fuch licence.
     II. And be it enafted, That this aft (hall continue in force Continuance during the prefent war, and until fix months after the ratification of ait* of a definitive treaty of peace.
                     CAP.1 XXXV.
    An aft        to continue, until the firjl day of June one thoufand eight hundred and      fix, and amend an aft, pajfed in the   year of
     bis prefent Majefiy's reign, for carrying into execution the treaty of
     amity, commerce, and navigation, between bis Majefiy and  the
     United States of America.—[April 10, 1805.]
   WHEREAS an aft, pajfed in the thirty.feventh year of his prefent Majefiy1 s reign, intituled. An aft for carrying into 37 G. 3. c. 97. execution the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation, con-eluded between his Majefty and the United States of America, xuat to continue in force      fo long as the faid treaty continue in
   force, and no longer; which treaty, or fo much of it as relates to the matters contained in the faid               aft, has now and determined:
   and whereas it is expedient that the liberty of navigation and commerce between the people of this kingdom and the people of the United States of America,      jfbould continue for a-limited time, in the fame
   manner and under the fame limitations and conditions as are fpecified in the faid aft: be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the. lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame, That the faid aft, Recited aft and every thing therein contained, (hall, notwithftanding the ju^n,UC[go6. faid treaty has ceafed and determined, be deemed and taken toJ be and to have been in full force and efFeft, and fhall fo continue in force until the firft day of June one thoufand eight hundred and fix.
     II.    Provided always, and be it further enafted. That upon 9n >mP°rta* the importation into Great Britain from the faid United States unhed°SUt»»* of America of any articles enumerated in table B. of an aft pafled of America of in the forty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, any articles An aft to repeal the duties of cufioms payable in Great Britain, enumerated in to grant other duties in lieu thereof, every fuch article (hall be liable tcArT* to the refpeftive duties impofed bv the faid aft, or by any aft or q. 3> c. 53. afts pafted fubfequent thereto, except wheat, wheat meal or flour, the fame (hail rye, barley, beer or bigg, oats, oatmeal, peafe, beans, Indian be liable to corn, and maize, the duties to be paid upon which refpeftively that orariy* (hall be afeertained and regulated according to the prices of fubfequent wheat, rye, barley, beer or bigg, peafe, beans, oats, and oatmeal, aft impoled, in the manner fet forth and fpecified in the table marked B. in an ®*cePt aft, pafled in the forty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, ^be intituled. An aft to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, up0n which and the bounties arid duties payable thereonor according to any (hall be regu-
                                                            otlier accord-
MEW
X
w1
       768 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 36. [1805.
       ing to tabic other aft or afts that (hall hereafter be made for altering or (B.) in 44 amending the faid aft pafled in the forty-fourth year of his pre-G. 3. c 105. jcnt Majefty’s reign; any thing in the faid aft pafled in the ,            thirty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty’s reign to the contrary
                   notwithftanding. •
                                       CAP. XXXVI.
                            An aff to enable the Eaft India Company to appoint the commander in chief on the Bengal ejl to be a member of the council of Fort William in Bengal, notwithftanding the office of governor-general of Fort William, and the office of commander in chief of all theforces in India, being vejled in the fame     [April
10, 1805.]
HE RE AS it is expedient that the court of dir effort of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies Jhould be authorifed and      , if theyjhallthink
       The court of t0 appoint the commander of the military forces of the faid United dimEtors may Company on the Bengal ejlablijhment to be a member of the fupreme appoint the council of Fort William in Bengal, notwithftanding the office of commander of governor-general of Yost William            and the office of -
       the Company man^er tn c^ief Vforce m India, Jhall be vejled in the fame o^tbe Bengal Perf°n» may therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be eftablilhment enafled ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, to be a mem- by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and councillor temP°ra,» a°d commons, in this prefent parliament affembled. Fort William, ar>d by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful notwithftand- to and for the court of direftors of the faid United Company ing the office fpecially to authorife and appoint the commander of the military °enerITand" ^orces        kid United Company on the Bengal eftablilhment
       commander in to be a member of the faid fupreme council of Fort William chief be veiled aforefaid, notwithftanding the office of governor-general of Fort in the fame JVtlliam aforefaid, and the office of commander in chief of all the perfon:      forces in India, (hall be veiled in the fame perfon.
  11.    And be it enafted, That when any fuch commander of the military forces of the faid United Company on the Bengal
aTthe^board c^a^*Hlrnent fhall be appointed a member of the faid fupreme next to the council, fuch commander fhall have rank and precedence at the govemor-ge- council board next to the governor-general, but he fhall not neral, but fhall fucceed to the government of fuch prclidency on the happening the ^overn^ l° a vacancy *n the office of governor-general, unlefs fuch com-men?in cafe of mander of the military forces of the faid United Company on the vacancy,unlefs Bengal eftablilhment fhall have been provifionally applied to provifionally fupply the fame ; but fuch vacancy fhall be fupplied by the coun-appointedto feuor next jn rank at the council board to fuch commander of fume/ C the military forces of the faid United Company on the Bengal eftablifhmenr, any thing contained in an aft, palled in the thirty-33 G. 3. c. 5*. thjrd year Qf the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aff for continuing in the Eaft India Company for a further term the pof-fffion of the Britifh territories in India, together with their exclufme trade, under certain limitations •, for                 further regulations
                                                                                                                 for
 And fuch commander
    
                                        1S05.] Annoregni quadragefimoquintoGEORGiiIII. c.37,38. 769
      far the government of the [aid territories, and the better adminijlra-
      tion of jujiice within the fame; for appropriating to certain the revenues and profits of the faid Company ; and for making provifion for the good order and government of the towns ^/'Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay; or any other law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.        '
        III. Provided always, and beitenafted, That any commander Such conp* fo to be appointed a member of the faid fupreme council as man<?er to herein-betore is mentioned, (hall be fubjeft to recall by the fame perfons and in the fame manner, and (hall have the fame powers, the council, (ianchifes, and authorities, in all refpefts as a member of council, jhall be fub-as if he had been appointed thereto as commander in chief of all Je^t0 recalh the forces in India.
                                                  CAP. XXXVII.
                               An aft for increafing the rates of fubliftence to be paid to innkeepers and others, on quartering foldiers.—[April io, 1805.]
                                                 CAP. XXXVIII.
      An ofi for allowing a certain proportion of the militia in Ireland voluntarily to tnlffl into his Majejly's forces and royal [April ii, 1805.]
      WHEREAS it is highly important that the mojl        mea-
             fures jhould be taken for augmenting his  regular
                               farces and royal marines, for the vigorous profecution of the prefent war \ and it is therefore expedient to allow fuch proportion of the
        militia, now ferving in Ireland as herein- to enl'tjl into his Majejly's regular forces and royal marines; and to enable , bis Majtfiy to accept the fervices of fuch of them as may fo voluntarily enltjl^ under certain proviftons and      may it there-    *
      fore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall be lawful for his Majefty, Hi* Majefty by any order or orders fignified by the lord-lieutenant or other may appoint chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, or ^'regular his or their chief lecretary, to name and appoint fuch and fo forces, and many regiments of his Majefty’s regular forces and divifions divisions of of royal marines, as his Majefty (hall think fit, to receive vo- the marines, lunteers from the militia of Ireland under this aft, out of any Jfo]7tiaCmea regiment of militia named in any fuch order; and it Oiall be may'cnlilt. lawful for any number of the private men of any fuch regiment of militia, not exceeding the proportion herein-after mentioned, to enlift in the manner and under the regulations herein mentioned, into any regiment or divifion as aforefaid, which in any fuch order of his Majefty (hall be named to receive volunteers from fuch regiment of militia.
        II. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the The number
          V01.XLV.                 3D                   number        not
 770 Anno regni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 38. [1805.
 exceed two number of private men to be enlifted out of the militia of any fifthsnof the county of a town or city in ,(hall not in any cafe exceed
 actually ferv- two fifths °f the number of men then actually ferving in the ing. Where militia for fuch county; and in cafe the militia of any county more than one (hall confift of more than one battalion, the chief fecrctary to battalion, the the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of tary to the Ireland for the time being, (hall ascertain the number of private lord-lieute- men that may be allowed to enlift out of each of fuch bat-nantto fignify talions, by the proportions which the number of private men to the com- ferving in each battalion bears to the whole number of private officers ftie mcn a&ually ferving in the militia of fuch county; and (hall number to be fignify to the commanding-officers of eadr of fuch battalions enlifted out of the number of private men that may be allowed to enlift out each.       0f tbeir refpedlive battalions.
 Commanding- M. And be it further enabled. That it (hall be lawful for afeertain the commanding-officer of any regiment of militia, on the renumber ceipt of any order or orders of his Majefty fo fignified as afore-faid, fpecifying the regiments or divifions as aforefaid, into which his men may enlift, and the number of men to be allowed to enlift out of his regiment, to afeertain the number of private men willing to enlift out of his regiment; and if the number
 willing to enlift, and if it be four fifths of the number al-
 Commanding-officers may felcdt not exceeding half
 lowed no more of private men, who (hall upon infpediion be approved as herein-fliall be       after is mentioned, (hall amount to four fifths of the number
 enliited.     allowed to enlift, forthwith to deliver them to the officer ap-
              pointed to receive fuch volunteers; and in fuch cafe no further number of private men (hall be allowed to enlift out of fuch regiment.
                 IV.    And be it further enadfed, That it (hall be lawful for the commanding-officer of any regiment of militia, if he (hall
         ___ think fit, by ballot or otherwife, at his diferetion, to feledt any
 of the number number of private men, not exceeding in number one half of ferving in the the private men actually ferving in fuch regiment at the time n^tia "and rece'v'nS his Majefty’s (aid order, or in cafe fuch regiment the men to be (hall confift of the militia of two or more counties, then not enlifted under exceeding in number for each county one half of the private this act (hall men actually ferving in fuch regiment for each county, to ferve as part of the militia to which the county (hall remain liable; and the men fo feledted by fuch commanding-officer (hall not be allowed to enlift under this a<ft; and in every fuch cafe the men to be enlifted under this adt, (hall be enlifted only out of the private men remaining after fuch feledtion as aforefaid.
                 V.    And be it further enadted. That it (hall be lawful for his Majefty to appoint fuch general or field officers fpecially au-thorifed by his Majefty, or the commander in chief of his Majefty's forces for that purpofe, to infpedl, approve, or rejedl
 men, but none the men who (hall be defirous of enlifting under this adl; and w*14be kC' fiich officers may approve of or rejedf (uch men accordingly: arc 5 f-et° provided always, that nothing in this a£t contained (hall extend 4 inches, and to authorise any fuch officers to rejedt any man defirous of en-under35 years lifting into his Majefty’s regular forces, who (hall be of the of age, and height of fiv* feet (our inches or upwards, and under the age of *                                                                 thirty-five
 be from the remainder.
 His Majefty may appoint officers to approve or rejeft the
 not difabled.
Go gle
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. c. 38.
 thirty-five years, and not difabled by lamenefs or other bodily . infirmity.
    VI.     And be it further enafled, That the commanding-officer Commanding-of every regiment of militia, out of which fuch proportion 0f°®ccro^.
        * cp                 '                     1 1          t rv rt*gim
 four fifths (hall not have enlifted, and being delivered to fuch men£ out 0f officer as aforefaid, (hall, within feven days after receiving his which the Majefty’s order in that behalf, caufe fuch regiment, if no felec- proportion of tion (hall have been made as aforefaid, and if fuch feledion (hall j^ths have been made, then the remaining • part of the men then en]ift (hall ferving in fuch regiment, to be drawn out, and fuch com- read his Ma-manding-officer, or fome commiflioned officer by his direction, jeRy's orders, fhall read to the regiment or men fo drawn out, his Majefty’s a’ld explain to orders, and (hall caufe the fame to be given out in general of * 6 orders, and (hall, in fuch manner as his Majefty (hall direft, enliilment, explain to the men the terms upon which any man ferving in and caufe the the militia may enlift into the regular forces or marines, under na|nes of the this a<51, and (hall on the day next fucceeding the reading of his written Majefty’s laid order, caufe his regiment, or fuch part thereof as down, and if aforefaid, to be drawn out in fuch manner as'the commanding- they exceed officer (hall direct, and fuch commanding-officer (hall caufe the the allowed names of the men who (hall then voluntarily declare their inten- the excef"* tion of enlifting to be written down; and if the number of fuch men (hall be re-(hall exceed the proportion allowed to enlift, fuoh excefs (hall be duced by reduced by ballot to the number authorifed to enlift under this adh ballot:
    VII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if the Butifthe
 number of private men in any regiment, or fuch part thereof as number who
 (hall not have been fele<3ed as aforefaid, who (hall (when fo (haHtnlifHhall
 drawn out as afoiefaid), voluntarily declare their intention to proportion U*
 enlift into his Majefty’s regular forces or marines, (hall not men may *
 amount to the proportion authorifed to enlift, then and in fuch within ten
 cafe a book (hall be opened by the commanding-officer, and it days enlift,
 (ball be lawful for any other of fuch men, within ten days after ]hau ^tranf-
 fuch regiment, or part thereof as aforefaid, (hall be drawn out, mined to the
 to enlilt into his Majefty’s regular forces or marines; and the Iord-lieu-
 name of every fuch man (ball be entered in the faid book, and tenant or his
 be tranfmitted by fuch commanding-officer to the lord-lieutenant, antTif
 or other chief governor or governors of           , for the time the full num-
 being, or his or their chief fecretary ; and in cafe the full number ber (hall not
 of men (hall not be enlifted within fuch period of ten days as then he en-
 aforefaid, the regiment, or fuch part thereof as lhall not have hited.thepro-'                o 7              i                             ceedincs for
 been fele&ed as aforefaid, (hall, at the expiration of fuch period enlUUr^ them
 be again drawn out, and fuch orders and the terms of enlifting fliall be had
 as aforefaid be again read and explained, and fuch proceedings within the
 be had for enlifting of men into his Majefty’s faid forces as          jj.
 herein-before directed ; and if the number of men who fhall tben>not en-
 then have enlifted under this a(hall not in the whole amount lilted, any
 unto the proportion authorifed to enlift out of fuch regiment, men who have
 then it (hail be lawful for any men who may at any time after k£tn
 the firft day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five ^805, may **
 have been enlifted or enrolled in fuch regiment, for the fur- enlilt.
 ther period of one calendar month, to enlift under this a6t;
                              3 D 2                           and
     Co gle
 77 * Anno
 As foon as the number to be cnlifted from any regiment is ascertained, they (hall be difchargcd, and (hall, if approved, be attefted for general fer-vice in the regiment they have declared their intention to enlift, and (hall be entitled to the bounty ofio guineas, &c.
 No perfon in confinement (hall be entitled to enlift until he (hall have fuffercd the fentenee of a court-martial ; nor any who have been in con-finement, or lentenced to punifhment, within a certain period, without con-fent of the commanding-officer. Certain persons not to enlift without confent of the commanding-officer.
regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 38. [1805.
and the names of all the men fo cnlifted (hall be entered in fiich book, and tranfmitted by the commanding-officer as before directed ; and all fuch men fo enlifted (hall, if approved, be entitled to fuch and the like bounty as if they had declared their intention to enlift when the regiment, or any part thereof, was fir ft drawn out as aforefaid.
  VIII.   And be it further ena&ed, That fo foon as the number of private men to be enlifted from any regiment fhall have been afeertained in manner 4>y this a<ft diredted, the commanding-officer of fuch regiment is hereby required to difeharge all fuch private men fo to be cnlifted from the militia; and every fuch private man fo to be difeharged as aforefaid, fhall, if approved by the officer to be appointed for the purpofe, immediately thereupon belong to the regiment or divifion as aforefaid, into which he fhall declare his intention to enlift, and may and fhall be immediately enlifted and attefted for general fervice for fuch regiment or divifion, and fhall (as foon as conveniently may be; be transferred to fome officer of fuch regiment or divifion, or fuch officer as his Majefty may have appointed to receive men enlifted under this a<ft, and fhall have and be entitled to the allowance of the bounty of ten guineas, of which three guineas fhall be paid to fuch man upon his approval by fuch officer, and the remainder as foon as he fhall arrive at the head quarters of the regiment or divifion into which he fhall have enlifted, together with fubfiftence, pay, and cloathing, to be paid and furnifhed in like manner in every refpeeft, and fubject to and under the like laws, rules, and regulations, as are provided and ufed for that defeription of his Majefty’s faid forces into which he fhall have enlifted.
  IX.      Provided alfo, and be it further enacled, That no militia man fhall be entitled to enlift under this alt who fhall be in confinement under any court-martial, or with a view to being tried by any court-martial, until he fhall have fuffered the fentenee of luch court-martial; and that no militia man (hall be entitled to his dilcharge, or to enlift under this a£f, who fhall have beta in confinement, or who fhall have been fen-tenced to any punilhment by any court-martial, for any offence committed between the twenty-firft day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, and the time of his fo offering to enlift, unlcfs he fhall obtain the confent of the commanding-officer of the regiment of militia in which he fhall be ferving at the time of his being defirous of enlifting as aforefaid.
  X.     Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That no perfon ferving in the militia, who (hall be ufually employed as adjutant’s clerk, or regimental clerk, or as a drummer, or as a mufician in the band of the regiment of militia to which he fhall belong, or fhall be ufually employed as an armourer in any fuch regiment, fhall be entitled to his difeharge, or to enlift under this adl, unlefs he fhall obtain the confent for that purpofe of the commanding-officer of the regiment of militia in which he fhall be then ferving.
                                                                                                    XI. Pro-
 
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 38.             773
   XI.     Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That it (hall be Commanding-lawful Tor the commanding-officer of any regiment of militia to refu^tcndff refufe to difcharge any militia man who {hall defire hi£ difcharge charge men, for the purpofe of being enlifted under this a<5t, upon affigning, upon affigning in writing, to the general officer commanding in the diftriCl fufficient within which fuch regiment of militia (hall be quartered, or to caurc V*
 the adjutant-general of his Majefty’s forces, where there {hall m"nd?ng°he* not be any fuch general officer as aforefaid, fuch caufe for his diftrift. or to refofal as (hall be deemed fufficient by fuch general officer or the adjutant-adjutant-general, as the cafe may be.                         general.
   XII.  Provided alfo, and be it further enafled, That if any If any perfon
 perfon difeharged from ;he militia for the putpofe of being            to
 enlifted under this atft, {hall notwithftanding refufe to enlift or (hall purfuant to any declaration of being defirous to enlift, fo made not be an-by him as aforefaid, or {hall not be approved by the officer proved, he appointed by his Majefty for that purpofe, then and in every
 fuch cafe, fuch perfon {hall continue to belong to the regiment ^ent'from* of militia from which he (hall have been fo difeharged for the which dif-purpofe of enlifting as aforefaid, notwithftanding any fuch dif- charged, charge.              ■    •
   XIII.     Provided always, and be it further enabled, That Aft not to nothing in this a<ft contained (hall authorife any officers ap_authorife the pointed by his Majefty to enlift and receive militia men under pcriu'a<hng to this a£t, or any commanding-officer or other officer, or non- enlift,anyman commiffioned officer of any regiment of his Majefty’s regular not duly dtf-forces or marines, or other perfon to enlift or perfuade to enlift, charged.
 or receive any militia man, other than fuch as {hall have been duly difeharged by the colonel or commanding-officer of the regiment of militia to which the perfon defirous of enlifting fhall belong.
   XIV.      And be it further enabled, That every perfon who No perfon fhall be enlifted to ferve in any regiment or divifion of his he Majefty’s regular forces or marines, fo named and appointed ^ regiment as aforefaid, {hall ferve in the regiment or divifion in which he jn which he {hall originally have enlifted to ferve, and in no other regiment enlifts, unlefs or divifion whatever j and no perion enlifting in any fuch regi- dif-ment or divifion (hall on any account or pretence whatfoever f,y^fedthere’ be drafted into or ferve in any other regiment or divifion,
 whether fuch perfon (hall confent to his being fo drafted or not, unlefs in every fuch cafe the perfon fo contenting to ferve in any other regiment or divifion, other than the one for which he {hall have To enlifttd as aforefaid, fhall have been firft wholly and absolutely difeharged from all fervice whatever ih his Majefty’s forces, and fhall thereafter have voluntarily entered into fuch other regiment or divifion.
   XV. A d be it further rnatfted, That it fhall be lawful for His Ma:efty his Majefty, by any order to be fignified at any time by the m*J h lord-1 cu enant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland cxecution of for the lime being, or his or their ch ef fecretary, from time to this aft to time during the execution of this a<ft, or any patt thereof, to governors give fuch orders and directions to the governors or deputy-
                                                                                                   governors officers?*
                                                             
UB
 774 . Annorcgni quadragefimo quinto Georcii III. c. 39. [1805.
              governors of counties, or to the refpedive colonels or commanding-officers of any regiments of militia, as his Majefty (hall, from time to time, think expedient and necefiary for the execution of this ad; and the feveral governors and deputy-governors, and colonels and commanding-officers aforefaid, (hall proceed forthwith, in purfaancc of his Majefty’s orders, to do all fuch ads as (hall be necefiary for the purpofe of carrying Commanding- fuch order into execution, and for the due execution of the proofficers, re- vifions of this ad.
 MaVft* •*        XVI.   And be it further enabled. That the feveral colonels
 orders, to or commanding-officers of the feveral regiments of militia, tranCmitto the (hall, within ten days after the receiving of any order for  that
 lord-lieute-  purpofe from  his Majefty, fignified as  herein-before  is men-
 chief fecre'S *'onet^» tranfmit to the lord-lieutenant, or other chief go-
 tary, an ac-  vernor or governors of Ireland for the time being, or his
 count of the  or their chief fecretary, an accurate account, in writing, of
 men dif-      the number of perfons that (hall have been difeharged from the
 charged.      militia.
 “sr<* XVII. And be it further enaded, That all provifions, direc-counties and t*ons» claufes, matters, and things in this ad contained, relating regiments to to counties and to regiments refpedively, (hall extend to all extend to divifions, cities, and places in           ,  and  to all  battalions,
 divifions,    corps, and companies, as fully and amply as if they were
    a 10ns, c. feverai]y an(j refpcJhvely repeated in every fuch provifion,
              diredion, and claufe, relating to any fuch matter or thing, altered*™* XVIII. And be it further enaded, That this ad may be repealed this altered, amended, or repealed by any ad or ads to be made in feffion.       this prefent feffion of parliament.
                                  CAP. XXXIX.
              An aft    to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September on*
                thoufand eight hundred and five, and amend an made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his prefent Majefiy, for belter regulating the iffuing and granting of permits and ter-tificates for the conveyance and protection of certain excifeable goods therein mentioned; and io prevent frauds by dealers in or retailers of fuch          goodsj fo far as the fame permits for
                fpirits           orfpirituous liquors.—[April u, 1805.]
              FO R the better regulating the ijjiiing and granting of permits and certificates for the conveyance and protection of fpirits or jpirituous liquors, and to prevent frauds by dealers in or retailers thereof; be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice 3nd confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled. Spirits exceed-and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the carried^^any exP*rat’on of ten days after the parting of this ad, any quantity perfon with- °f fpirits or fpirituous liquors, whether foreign or made in out a permit Ireland, exceeding one gallon, that (hall be carrying or con-may be feized veying, or carried or conveyed, from any part or place in nu/officer6* Inland to any other part thereof, whether from any part of *                                                                            any
 
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.40. 775
 any city or town to another part thereof, or from one town or place to another town or place, may be ieized by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue, and (hall be forfeited, unlefs the carrier or perfon conveying the fame, or the perfon in whofe pofTeffion the fame (hail be, fhall, on demand made by any officer of excife, produce a permit or let-pafs under the hand of a proper officer of the revenue, authorifing the removal of fuch goods, any thing contained in an ad made in the parliament of Inland in the fortieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An a£l for better regulating the ijjuir.g and granting Irilh ad of permits and certificates for the conveyance and protection of  *°
 excifeable goods therein mentioned, and to prevent frauds by dealers in or retailers of fuch goods, or in any other ad or ads in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithftanding.
    II.    And be it further enaded, That all the rules, regulations, Provifions of and provifions, and all penalties and forfeitures mentioned, ex- r«cited ad or prefled, and contained in the faid recited ad, or any other ad relating*tQ8 or ads in force in Ireland relating to permits, fhall be applied permits exin the execution of this ad as fully and effedually, to all intents tended to this and purpofes, as if fuch rules, regulations, provifions, penalties,a^*
 and forfeitures, were repeated and re-enaded in this ad, except only fo far as the fame are altered by this ad.
    III. And be it further enaded. That this ad may be altered, A& may be
 amended, or repealed, by any ad or ads to be made in thisalterc.dj*. prefent feflion of parliament/               '                    fXn
    IV.     And be it further enaded, That this ad fhall be and continuance continue in force until and upon the twenty-ninth day of cf ad. tembcr one thoufand eight hundred and five, and no longer.
                      CAP. XL.
 Jn ail for rai/ing the fum of one million five hundred thoufand
   pounds by way of annuities for the fervice of Ireland.—[May 17,
   1805.]
      Moft gracious Sovereign,
 WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament aftembled, being defirous to raife the necefTary fupplies for the fervice of Ireland, which we have cheerfully granted to your Majefty in this feflion of parliament, have refolved that the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, Britijh currency, be railed by annuities in manner hcrein-after mentipned ; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enaded : and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every contributor towards railing the faid fum of Contributor one million five hundred thoufand pounds fhall, for every one for every,00^ hundred pounds, contributed and paid, be entitled to an annuity tit*ed toe"^e
                                                         of
 w*.
Origina
VO
KP
1 ip
UD
Go gle
776 Annoregni quadragefimoquinto Georg n III. c. 40. [1805.
 annuities herein mentioned.
Contributors to pay in their lubfcriptions in the proportions, and within the periods here-in-after mentioned.
Guardians,
&c. may Tub-icribe for infants.
of five pounds, to continue for a certain term of fifty-four years and nine months, from the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five, and (ball alfo be entitled to the principal fum of twenty-four pounds in annuities after the rate of five pounds per centumy to commence from the fifth day of ‘January one thoufand eight hundred and five.
   II. And  whereas, purfuant to and upon the terms and conditions
txprejfed in the faid refolution, feveral perfons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that          ,           together the
whole of the faid fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds to be raifed by annuities, and made dcpofits of ten pounds per centum on the refpeflive fums by them fo fubfcribed with the     of the
governor and company of the bank of England: be it therefore enabled. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch contributors who have made fuch depofits with the cafhier or ca(hiers of the governor and company of the bank of England (which ca(hier or cafhiers is and are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of fuch contributions without any other warrant to be had in that behalf) to advance and pay unto the faid cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England the feveral remainders of the fums by them refpectively fubfcribed towards the faid fum of one million five hundred'thoufand pounds, at or before the refpeftive days and times and in the proportions herein-after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to fay), the further fum of ten pounds per centum on or before the thirty-firft day of May then next following; the further fum of twenty pounds per centum on or before the twenty-third day of July then next following; the further fum of thirty pounds per centum on or before the twentieth day of September then next following; the further fum of twenty pounds   per centum on or before the thirtieth day of De-
cember then next following; and the remaining fum of ten pounds per centum on or before the fifteenth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and fix.
   III.    And be it further enabled. That it (ball and may be lawful for any guardian or truftee, having the difpofition of the money of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards advancing the faid fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed by annuities in manner aforefaid ; and fuch infant, upon the payment of fuch fum or fums fubfcribed by fuch guardian or truftee, fhall become a contributor within the meaning of this a<ft, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments in refpedt thereof in fuch and the like manner as any other contributor; and the faid guardian and truftee, as to the faid fum or fums fo advanced.
              is hereby difeharged, fo as the name of fuch infant be exprefled in the receipt or receipts for fuch money; bemadeto*0                         ^urt^er  ena&ed, That every contributor,
contributors Pay*ng 'n the whole of the fums by them refpeftively fubfcribed paying money in refpedt of the faid fum of one million five hundred thou-in advance. fand pounds, to be contributed as aforefaid at any time on or
                                                                                                                          before
Go gle
NEW Y(
     1805.] Anno regnl quadragefimo quinto Georgii 111. c. 40. 777
     before the twenty-ninth day of December one thoufand eight hundred and five, (hall be entitled to an allowance of fo much money as the intereft of each fum fo paid in advance for completing his, her, or their contribution refpe&ively fhall amount unto, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum from the day of completing the famti to the fifteenth day of 'January one thoufand eight hundred and fix; which allowance is to be paid by the faid cafhier or cafhiers out of the money to be contributed in purfuance of this a<ft, as foon as fuch refpedtive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and % affigns, /ball have completed fuch payment.
        V.      And be it further' enatfed. That the feveral fubfcribers Annuities to or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefTors, or be paid half--affignc, in refpetft of the faid fum of one million five hundred ^yS herein * thoufand pounds, fhall be entitled, for every one hundred mentioned, pounds by him, her, or them refpedlively advanced and paid, to an annuity after the rate of five pounds for the term of fifty-four years and nine months, from the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five; and alfo to an annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum, in rcfpeft of the principal fum of twenty-four pounds, to commence from the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and five; which faid refpe£livc annuities fhall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions, that is to fay, the faid annuity of five pounds on the tenth day of October and the fifth day of April in every year, and the faid annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; the firft payment upon the faid annuity of five pounds to be due on the faid tenth day of October one thoufand eight hundred and five, and on the faid annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum on the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five, but fhall not be payable until the re-fpe<5tive fubfcribers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or alfigns, fhall have completed the whole of the fums by them fubferibed for the purchafe of the faid annuities.
iVI. And be it further ena&ed, That as foon as any con-As foon as tributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefTors, or affigns, fubferiptions fhall have completed their payments of fuch part of the whole ammiUes mar*
I fum payable by them refpedlively towards the faid fum of one be transferred, million five hundred thoufand pounds, as fhall be payable in . refpelt of the faid annuities of five pounds, or after the rate of five pounds per centum, or of either of them, the refpedlive principal annuities or fums fhall forhwith be, in the books of the bank of                   England,placed to the    credit of fuch refpe&ive
     contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefTors, and affigns, completing fuch payments ; and the perfons to whofe credit fuch principal fums (hall be fo placed, their refpe<51ive executors, adminiftrators, fuccefTors, and affigns, fhall and may have power to affign and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, body
                                                                   or
   Original from ORK PUBLIC LIBRAR
       778 Annoregni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. C.40. [1805.
                  or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in the books of the bank of England; and the faid governor and company of the bank of England are hereby required, as foon as conveniently ,        may be after the paffing of this a£t, to prepare proper books
                  for the purpofe of entering the names of all fuch contributors, and of placing to their credit the principal fums fo paid by them refpedlively, and that fuch of the faid contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or afligns, who fhall complete the payments of fuch parts of the whole fum payable by them refpe&ively towards the faid fum of one million five • hundred thoufand pounds, as fhall be payable in refpe<5t of any or either of the faid refpe&ive annuities, at any time before the governor and company of the bank of England fhall have prepared their receipts, according to the dire&ions of this adt, fhall be entitled to have the fums lo paid forthwith placed to their credit in the books of the bank of              ; and the faid go-
                  vernor and company are hereby required to caufe fuch fums to be forthwith placed to the credit of the perfons entitled to the annuities in refpeft thereof in the books of the faid bank of England, and fuch entries in the faid books fhall be in lieu of the receipts hereby diredled to be given for all fums paid in manner aforefaid ; and fuch fums fhall carry the annuities of five pounds for fifty-four years and nine months, and then to ceafe, and the annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum redeemable by parliament, and fhall refpe&ively be taken and deemed to be flock transferable according to the true intent and meaning of this a&, until the determination of the faid annuities of five pounds at the expiration of the faid period of fifty-four years and nine months, and until redemption of the faid annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum in manner herein-after mentioned.
                     VIL Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That all whole^of' and every fuch contributor or contributors, his, her, or their their fub- executors, adminiflrators, fucceflors, and afTigns, who fhall have feriptionsby paid into the hands of the faid cafhier or cafhiers the whole of the times  his, her, or their contribution-money, on or before the fecond
       fied^'to be^n- day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five, fhall be ; titled to an- entitled to have and receive on the fifth day of one thou-nuitiesat cer- fand eight hundred and five, at the bank of    , the half  ,
       tain periods. year»s annuity after the rate of five pounds per , that fhall
                  become due on the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred , and five; and that all and every fuch perfon or perfons who fhall have paid into the hands of fuch cafhier or cafhiers the whole of his, her, or their contribution-money on or before j the feventh day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and five, ( fhall be entitled to have and receive on the tenth day of Oflober one thoufand eight hundred and five, at the bank of England,the half year’s annuity, after the rate of five pounds, that fhall become due on the faid tenth day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and five; and that all and every fuch perfon or perfons, who fhall have paid into the hands of fuch
                                                                                                            cafliier
   
        1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40. 779
        cafhier or cathiers, the whole of his, her, or their contribution-money, on or before the fecond day of "January one thoufand eight hundred and fix, (hall be entitled to have and receive, on the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and fix, the year’s annuity afrer the rate of five pounds per , that (hall become due on the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and fix; and that all and every perfon or perfons who (hall not have completed the whole of their faid payments, on or before the faid fecond day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five, or the faid feventh day of              one  thou-
        fand eight hundred and five, or the faid fecond day of January one thoufand eight hundred and fix, (hall on completing the fame within the time in this adt prefcribed, be entitled to receive the year’s annuity from the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and five, and the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five refpe&ively, as the fame (hall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of this a£h                                                    ,        '     ’    .
          VJII. And be it furrher ena&ed, That all the annuities afore- Annuities faid lhall be payable and paid, and be transferable, at the bank of Payable and England; and (hall be fubjedf to fuch redemption as is herein- ^th^Bank after mentioned.
          IX.   And be it further enabled, That fo much money (hall. Money to be
        from time to time, be fet apart and iffued at the receipt of the ex- iflued out of chequer in England, out of the confolidated fund of Great          , ^ ^ ted° fun d of
        to the faid cafhier or calhiers of the governor and company of the Great Britain bank of            England,as (hall be fufficient to fatisfy and pay the re-for payment
        fpe&ive annuities to be created in refpedt of the faid fum of one °f annuities million five hundred thoufand pounds, together with the charges and charScs» attending the fame.
          X.       And be it further enabled, That all the faid annuities, in-and (hall be terefts, and dividends, which (hall become payable in refpe£t of charged upon the faid fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, (halltflc faid *und* be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon
        and made payable out of the confolidated fund of Great Britain.
          XI.   And be it further ena&ed. That the commiflioners of his treafury
        Majefty’s treafury in-Ireland, or any three or more of them, for in Ireland, to the time being, (hall from time to time, without any further 'due out of warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in this behalf, caufe to ^ate^fund* be i filled at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer out bf the con- ancj pay jnj0 folidated fund of Ireland,and paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s the exchequer exchequer in England, fo much monies as (hall be fufficient from 'n England, time to time to anfwer to the faid exchequer in               ,  the
        feveral and refpe&ive annuities and other payments hereby di-ties &c> t£>’a rented to be paid thereout; and that fuch payments (hall be made certain into the faid exchequer in England half-yearly, by even and equal amount, portions, (that is to fay), fuch of the faid Aims as (hall be paid for the faid annuities of five pounds for fifty-four years and nine months, on or before the firft day of April and# the fifth day of OHobtr in every year; and fuch of the faid fums as (hall be paid for the faid annuities after the rate of five pounds per , on
                                                                    or
rORKPl
 The Bank to appoint a caftiier and accountant-general, and the Treafury to order money to be iflued to the caihicr for payment of annuities.
780 Anno regni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c.40. [1805.
                   or before the firft day of Ju and the firft day of ’January in every year; the firft payment upon the faid annuities of five pounds for fifty-four years and nine months, to be made on or before the fifth day of Oflober one thoufand eight hundred and five, and on the faid annuities after the rate of five pounds per , on or
                   before the firft day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five.
                      XII.    And, for the more eafy and fure payment of all the feveral annuities ejlablifljed by this all, be it further enabled, That the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuc-ceftors, fhall from time to time, until all the faid annuities fhall be determined or redeemed, appoint and employ one or more fufficient perfon or perfons, within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or firft caihicr or cafhiers, and one other fufficient perfon within the fame office, to be their accountant-general ; and that fo much of the monies by this a& appropriated for the purpofe, as fhall be fufficient from time to time to anfwer the faid feveral and rfcfpedlive annuities, and other payments, herein dire£ted to be made out of the faid monies, in refpe£l of the faid fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, fhall, by order of the corrmrlfioners of the treafury of Great    , or
                   any three or mote of them, or the high-treafurer of Great Britain , for the time being, without any further warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the re-fpe&ive days of payment in this a£t appointed for payment thereof, be iflued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer in Great Britain, to the faid firft or chief caftiier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors, for the time being, by way of impreft and upon account, for the payment of the faid feveral and refpedtive annuities payable by virtue of this a<5l; and that fuch cafhier or cafhiers, to whom the faid money lhall from time to time be iflued, fhall from time to time, without delay, pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due courfe of the exchequer in Great       ; and that the
                   faid accountant-general for the time being, fhall from time to time infperft and examine all receipts and payments of the faid caftiier or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.
       Calhiertogive XIII. And be it further enabled, That the cafhier or cafhiers receipts for of the governor and company of the bank of England, who fhall whkh m'a^be ^,avc rece*vec^ or receive any part of the faid contributions afligned before towards the faid fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, Dec. 28,1805. fhall give a receipt or receipts in writing to every fuch contributor for all fuch fums; and that the receipts to be given fhall be aflignable at any time before the twenty-eighth day of December Calhiertogive one thoufand eight hundred and five, and no longer: provided f^Tnityt£r always, that fuch cafhier or cafhiers fhall give fecurity to the good money he re- I'^ing of any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, ceives into the or the high-treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, for duly exchequer. anfwering and paying into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer in Great Britain, as herein mentioned, for the publick ufe, all the
                                                                                                           monies
    
 j8o5»] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40.                 781
 monies which they have already received, and (hall hereafter receive from time to time, of and for the whole of the faid fum of one .million five hundred thoufand pounds, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the truft hereby in them repofed, and (hall from time to time pay all fuch monies as foon as he or they (hall receive the fame or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the fartheft, into and (hall account for the fame, in the exchequer of Great       , according to the
 due courfe thereof, deducing thereout fuch (urns as (hall have been paid by him or them in purfuance of this ad, for which Turns fo paid allowance (hall be made in his or their accounts.
   XIV.      And be it ena&ed, That in the office of the accountant- A book to be general of the governor and company of the bank of England for kePt *n lhe the time being, a book or books (hall be provided and kept, in oentnd’a^f-wbich the names of the contributors (hall be fairly entered; fice for cnter-which book or books, the faid refpe&ive contributors, their re- ing contribu* fpedive executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, (halltors’n?mes» and may from time to time, and at all feafonable times, refort ^ whmof'to be and infpedt without any fee or charge; and that the faid tranfmitted accountant-general (hall, on or before the fifth day of July one to the auditor thoufand eight hundred and fix, tranfmit an attefted duplicate, °£thc ex" fairly written on paper, of the faid book or bocks into the office o(c‘1£Cluer*
 the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer of Great Britain, there to remain for ever.
   XV.       And be it further enadted, That fuch contributors, duly Contributors paying the whole fum fo fubfcribed at or before the refpe&ive duly paying times in this ad limited in that behalf, and their refpedive exe- entfdeS* cutors, adminiftrators, fuccefibrs, and affigns, (hall have, receive, to annuities and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this ad to have, receive, tax free, and enjoy, the faid feveral annuities by this ad granted in refpedi
 of the fum fo fubfcribed, out of the monies granted and appropriated in this feffion of parliament for payment thereof, and (hall have good and fure interefts and eftates therein, according to the feveral provifions in this ad contained, and that the faid feveral annuities (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofi-tions whatfoever.
   XVI.   Provided always, That in cafe any fuch contributors Subfcriptions
 who have already depoiited with or (hall hereafter pay to the faid paid in part cafhier or cafhicrs any fum or fums of money at the time and in a"e<tcd°for0,n' the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the fum or fums         or~
 fo by them refpedivelv fubfcribed, or their refpedlive executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or affigns, (hall not advance and pay
 to the faid cafhier or cafhiers the refic^ue of the fum or fums 10 fubfcribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every fuch cafe fo much of the refpedive fum or fums fo ’ fubfcriHed, as (hall have been adually paid in part thereof to the faid cafhier or cafhiers (hall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the faid refpedive annuities of five pounds, and after the rate of five pounds per , in refped thereof, (hall be extinguifhed ; any thing in this acf contained to the contrary thereof in anywiie notwithstanding.
XVII. And
 fORK PUBLIC LIBR
     Original tror
782 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georg 11 III. c.40. [1805.
                      XVII.   And be it further enadled, That all perfons who fhall
                    be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in refpedl of the faid fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, and all perfons lawfully claiming under them, (hall be poflefled thereof as of a perfonal eftate, which (hall not be defcendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of         or
                    otherwife; any law, ftatutc, or cuftom, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.
                      XVIII.   And be it further ena6ted, That the faid lords com-
                    miffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, fhall and may, and they are hereby authorifed, to remit to the exchequer of that part of the united kingdom called        ,
                    from time to time, any fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, to be applied to fuch fervices for       , as (hall have been voted
                    by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ in this prefent feftion of parliament.
                      XIX.        And be it further enabled, That books fhall be con-ftantly kept by the faid accountant-general for the time being, wherein all aflignments or transfers of all fums advanced or contributed towards the faid fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds fhall be entered and regiftered; which entry fhall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and fhall be figned by the parties making fuch aflignments or transfers, or if fuch parties be abfent, by their refpe&ive attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorifed, in writing under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witnefles ; and that the feveral perfons to whom fuch transfers fhall be made, fhall refpe&ively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of aftigning or transferring the faid annuities, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, fhall
        Stock may be be good or available in law : provided always, that all perfons devifed. pofleired of any fhare or intereft in either of the -faid ftocks of annuities, or any eftate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by will, in writing, attefted by two or more credible witnefles ; but that no payment (hall be made upon any fuch devife, until fo much of the faid will as relates to fuch fhare,eftate, or intereft, in the faid ftocks of annuities, be entered in the faid office; and that in default of fuch transfer or devife, fuch fhare, eftate, or in-Transfers nottereft, in the faid ftocks of annuities, fhall go to the executors, ad-liable to miniftrators, fucceflbrs, and alfigns ; and that no ftamp-duties ftamp-dutie$. whatfoever fhall be charged on any of the faid transfers ; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.
        Treafut7 ™ay XX. Provided always, and be it further enadled. That out of dental ex-*'     mon*es arifing from the  contributions  towards raifing the
        pences out of fum °f one million five hundred thoufand pounds byannui-contributions, ties, any three or more of the commilfioners of the treafury, or and allowfala- the high-treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, fhall have calhier and Power to difeharge all fuch incident charges as fhall neceflarily accountant- attenc* the execution of this a<ft, in fuch manner as to them fhall general. feem juft and reafonable ; and alfo to fettle and appoint fuch allowances as. fhall be thought proper for the fervice, pains, and
                                                                                                                   labour
 Annuities to be deemed perfonal eftate.
 Treafury may remit to Ireland part of the loan.
 Accountant-general to keep books for entering transfers.
    
 I *
 II
 I
 II
I
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40. 783
 labour of the faid cafhier or calhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid contributions; and alfo (hall have power to make, out of the faid confolidated fund, fuch further allowances, as (hall be judged reafonable for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the faid calhier or cafhiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities payable by virtue of this a& ; and alfo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid accountant-general, for performing the truft repofed in him by this a<ft; all which allowances to be made as aforefaid, in refpeft of the fervice, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, (hall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only.
   XXI.      And be it further enabled. That all the faid annuities of The annuities five pounds per annum, to continue for a certain term of fifty- 5 per cent, four years and nine months from the fifth day of April one ^ 5(haU be* thoufand eight hundred and five, and then to ceafe, to which any added to the perfon or perfons, bodies politick and corporate, (hall be entitled joint ftock of by virtue of this a&, in refpedf of any fum or fums of money ad- annuities vanced or contributed towards raifing the faid fum of one million Ysc *Gco. 3. five hundred thoufand pounds as aforefaid, (hall be added to and
 made one joint ftock with certain annuities which, by two a&s made in the firft and fecond years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, were granted and made payable at the bank of          , ,
 for the refpe£tive terms of ninety-nine years and ninety-eight years from the fifth days of January one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-one, and one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-two-refpe&ively, and then to ceafe, and which faid refpe&ive annuities were confolidated and made one joint ftock of annuities by divers a&s made in the reign of his prefent Majefty, and (hall be paid, payable, and transferable at the fame time and times, and in like manner with the annuities granted by the faid a<fts.
   XXII.    And be it further enabled, That all the monies to The money
 which any perfon or perfons (hall become entitled by virtue ofon which the this acft, in refpedt of any fum advanced or contributed towards       at*
 the faid fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, on tending ihall which the faid annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum be added to (hall be attending, (hall be added to the joint ftock of annuities the J.Per cent, with, and (hall be redeemable at the fame time and in like man- read^efta-** ner as the annuities carrying an intereft after the rate of five bliflied. pounds per centum, eftablifhed by the a<Sts of the twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth, thirty-fixth, and thirtv-
 feventh years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy, victualling, tranfport, and exchequer bills, and ordnance debentures; and that all and every perfon and perfons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, (he, or they, (hall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this adl, (hall have and be deemed to have a proportional intereft and (hare in the faid joint ftock of annuities at the rate aforefaid.
   XXIII.    And be it further enadled. That if any perfon or per- Perfons coun-
 fons (hail forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or    re*
 counterfeited, or (hall willingly aft or aflift in the forging or u^butions^&c*
                                                   counterfeiting
                                                             Co gle *
p
 Bank to con* tinue a corporation till the annuities hereby granted ceafc.
       784 Anno regni quadragcfimo quinto Georgii III. c. 40. [1805.
       rruilty of counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for the whole of or any part fctony.     or parts 0f the contributions towards the faid fum of one
                   million five hundred thoufand pounds, either with or without the name or names of any perfon or perfons being inferted therein as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or fhall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publifh, as true, any fuch falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, every fuch perfon or perfons fo forging or _ counterfeiting, or caufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly afting or affifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publifhing as aforefaid, being thereof convifted in due form of law, fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.
  XXIV.      Provided always, and be it further enabled. That the faid governor and company of the bank of          ,  and their
fuccefiors, notwithftanding the redemption of all or any of their own funds in purfuance of the afts for eftablifhing the fame, or any of them, (hall continue a corporation for the purpofes of this aft, until all the annuities by this aft granted fhall be redeemed by parliament as aforefaid *, and that the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, fhall not incur any disability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this aft.
       No fee to be XXV. And be it further enafted, That no fee, reward, or taken for re- gratuity whatfoever, (hall be demanded or taken of any of his bu'tions0 or1”" Majefty’s fubjefts, for receiving or paying the faid fubfeription or paying or contribution-monies, or any of them, or for any receipt concerntransferring ing the fame, or for paying the faid annuities, or any of them, or annuities, on for any transfer of any fum, great or fmall, to be made in pur-penalty of 10/. fuance 0f this aft, upon pain that any officer or perfon offending, by taking or demanding any fuch fee, reward, or gratuity, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full cofts of fuit, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at       Wejhninjler^wherein no efloign, proteftion, privilege,
                   or wager of law, injunftion, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance fhall be granted or allowed.
       Perfons fued XXVI. And be it further enafted. That if any perfon or per-may plead the fons £hall be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing done by genera 1 ue. vjrtue or jn pU, fuance 0f this aft, fuch perfon or perfons fhall and may plead the general iffue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences ; and if afterwards a verdift fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall difeontinue his, her, or their aftion or profecution, or be nonfuited, or judgement fhall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife. Treble colls, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft any fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.
                                                                                                       XXVII. And
    
 I
1805.] AnnoregniquadragefimoquintoGEORGiiIII. c. 41.          785
                   XXVII. And be it further enafted, That this aft may be Aft may be varied, altered, or repealed by any a<5t to be palled in this feflTon alte.r<\d re*
 ealed this 'efiion.
e
     of parliament.
                                                                                                         CAP. XU.
     dn ail for     refraining the negotiation of certain promijfory notes and
                                                                      inland bills of exchange in Ireland.—[May 17,1805.]
     WHEREAS the regulations at pr in force the ijfue and negotiation of promijfory notes for               , in
     Ireland, have not proved effectual; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.
     That an aft made in the parliament of           , in the          thirty-
     ninth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An Irifli aft rejlrain the negotiation of promijfory notes and inland bills of , 39 G. 3- Ac.
     under a limitedfum ; and alfo two afts, the one made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year, and the other in the parliament of the United Kingdom in the forty-third year of his prefent Majelly’s reign, for continuing and amending the faid Aril recited aft; and alfo an aft, made in the lad feffion of parliament, for fufpending the operation of the (aid recited aft of the forty-third year, and for continuing and amending all the recited afts; and alfo another aft, made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An ail to permit the ijfue and negotiation d 44 G. 3. certain promijfory notes, under a limited fum> by regijlered bankers c' 21,recilfj Ireland, and to rejlrain the ijfue and negotiation of certain other notest ** fhall, from and after the paffing of this aft, be, and the fame are hereby repealed, fave and except fo far as relates to the recovering any penalty or forfeiture incurred under the faid recited acts, or any of them, at any time on or before the paffing of this aft.
       II. Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Aft not to aft contained fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to render make val*d valid any promiflory or other note or undertaking in writing, ^hich°would which may have been iflued before the paffing of this aft, and have been which, under the provifions and directions of the feveral afts void by afts herein-before recited and repealed, or any of them, were or would repealed, have been null and void in cafe the faid afts had not been hereby repealed ; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary not-wifhftanding.
       III.    And be it further enafted. That all promiflory notes or Promiflory undertakings in writing, being negotiable or transferable for notes for left any fum or fums of money lefs than twenty (hillings cur-rency, or on which any fum lefs than twenty (hillings Irijh cur- u evo1 rency (hall remain undischarged, which (hall bear date, or (hall have been or (hall be iflued in Ireland at any time after the firft day of  January one thoufand eight hundred and flve, (hall be, and
     the fame are hereby declared to be abfolutely null and void, and not to be negotiable or transferable, any thing in any aft or afts in force in Ireland at the time of the paffing of this aft, or any Vou XLV.                         3 E                       ufage
Go gle
                                                                                                                                                       .Origiral fro(Ti * ^ NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBf
 Penalty t i(Tiling or taking them.
 Memorandums and tickets nego
 dertakings in Writing.
 Aft may be altered this fcflion.
    786 Annoregniquadragclimoquinto Georgii III. c. 42. [1805.
 ufage to the contrary notwithftanding; and the perfon or perfons who (hall have iffued, or (hall iflue the fame, (hall forfeit thefum >oT ten pounds Irijh currency for every fuch note or undertaking fo iffued ; and the perfon or perfons who (hall have given or taken, or (hall give or take the fame in payment after the faid firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and five, (hall forfeit double the amount of each fuch note or undertaking to any perfon who (hall fue for the fame, and fuch penalties (hall be recovered before any one juftice of the peace in   , upon
                the oath of one credible witnefs, or on the confefiion of fuch offender ; and in cafe the faid penalties and forfeitures (hall not be paid and fatisfied upon fuch conviction being made, it (hall be lawful for fuch jultice of the peace, by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender, together with all cods and charges attending fuch conviction and Tale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner; and if fuch offender (hall not have lufficient goods and chattels to fatisfy fuch penalties, every fuch offender (hall be committed to the common g3ol or houfe of correction, by warrant of fuch juftice, for any time not lefs than one month, nor more than three months, unlefs fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall be fooner paid.
     IV.    And be it further enaCted, That any memorandum, ticket, token, draft, certificate, or engagement, written, printed,
 tiated for mo-or engraved on paper, card, vellum, or parchment, being nego-ney or value tiable or transferable, or which fhali have been or (ball be Iriflicur^ given> negotiated, or transferred, with intent to imply or to rcncy ihall be ma^e * Promife or engagement to pay money or value of any deemed un- kind, in goods or otherwife, under the fum of twenty (hillings Irijh currency, or on which a lefs fum than twenty (hillings Irijh currency (hall remain undifeharged, (hall be deemed an undertaking in writing to all intents and purpofes whatsoever.
    V.     And be it further enaCted, That this adt may be altered, amended, or repealed, by any a£t to be made in this prefent feffion of parliament.
                                    CAP. XLII.
                An all to extend the provifonsof an all wade in the lajl of 1 parliament for preventing the counterfeiting of certain coin
                  ijfued by the banks of England and Ireland      , to fiver
                  pieces which may be ijfued by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, called Tokens; and to promote the circulation of the faid Tokens.—[May 17, .1805.]
                WHEREAS the governor and company of the bank Ireland are preparing and intend to iffue,for the convenience of the publicky in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, a quantity of fiver pieces denominated Tokens, of the common fandard ef Spani(h pillar dollars, containing on the obverfe thereof an -
                prejfon of his Majefy’s heady and the following words and letters videlicet, u Georgius III, Dei ,” and on thereverfe fide thereof
                                                                                                               the
 
7^7
                                                                           V
I 1805.] AnnoregniquadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 42.
    the following words and figures, “ Bank token five-pence 1805,**
    or “Bank token ten-pence Jrifh 1805,” each token for five-pence containing in weight one thirteenth part of the common weight of a Spanifti pillar dollar, and each fuch token for ten-pence containing two fuch thirteenth parts: and whereas for the fecurity of the publick it is expedient to prevent the counterfeiting of the refpeflive tokens ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons (hall, Perfons coun-from and after the pafling of this aft, make, coin, or counterfeit, tcrfat.,nR lll-or caufe or procure to be made, coined, or counterfeited, or vthe willingly aft or aflift in the making, coining, or counterfeiting, hank called * any piece of metal, refembling or made with intent to refemble Tokens, or or look like the faid tokens or either of them refpeftively, fo as bringing into aforefaid intended to be coined or (lamped and iflued by the faid ^intent to governor and company of the bank, or to p2fs as fuch, or if any utter fuch 1 perfon or perfons (hall, from and after the pafling of this aft, bring counterfeits, into Ireland, or into any part of the faid United Kingdom, any&c- Ihahbe fuch fal'e or counterfeit token or tokens as aforefaid, refembling^' or made with intent to refemble or look like the faid tokens or be tranfported either of them, or to pafs as fuch tokens refpeftively, knowing the for feven fame to be falfe or counterfeited, to the intent to utter the fame years, within the faid United Kingdom, or within any dominions of the lame, every perfon fo offending, and being thereof Convifted by due courfe of law, (hall be deemed and adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall be tranfported for any term of years not exceeding feven years.
      Li. And be it further enafted. That if any perfon or perfons Perfons fhall, from and after the pafling of this aft, utter or tender in tendering in payment, or give in exchange, or pay or put off to any perfon or payment fuch perfons any fuch falfe or counterfeit token or tokens as aforefaid, tokens! or 1 refembling or made with intent to refemble or look like the faid having’in tokens or either of them, fo as aforefaid intended to be coined their pof-or (lamped and iflued by the faid governor and company of the ^ l°c more bank of Ireland, or to pafs as fuch tokens refpeftively, knowing the fame to be falfe or'counterfeited, or if any perfon or perfons lawful ex-(hall have in his, her, or their cuftody without lawful excufe (the cufe) (hall proof whereof (hall lie upon the party accufed) any greater uum- be fubjeft to ber than five of fuch falfe or counterfeit tokens as aforefaid, then   *
    and .in ekner of the faid cafes refpeftively, evdry fuch perfon fhall+4 0.3. c.71. be fubjeft and liable to fuch and the like pains and punifhments* and to fuch and the like penalties and forfeitures, and fhall be proceeded againll in all refpefts in luch and the like manner as is mentioned and direfted in and by an aft made in the lad feflion of parliament, intituled, An a£t to prevent the counterfeiting of fdver coin iffited by the governor and company of the bank a/"England, called Dollars, and felver coin, which may be ijfued by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, called Tokens ; and to prevent toe bringing into the United Kingdom, or , any counterfeit I dollars, or tokens, with refpeft to perfons uttering or tendering in
E £ £ 2
payment.
ORK PUBLIC LIB
      Original fr
 this a£t.
      788 AnnoregniquadragcfimoquintoGEORGiiIII.c. 43.                    [1805.
                 payment, or giving in exchange, or paying, or putting off, or having in his, her, or their cuftody, without lawful excufe, the counterfeit dollars and tokens in the faid recited aCt mentioned, recite”aft HI. And be it further enabled, That all the powers, provifions,
44 G. 3. c. 71. regulations, and directions, claufes, matters, and things, what-to extend to foever in the faid recited aCt of the lad feffion of parliament mentioned and contained, (hall and may be applied in the ap-prehending, fecuring, proceeding againft, and punifhing of offenders, under this aCt, and in the recovery of penalties and forfeitures for offences againft this aCt, and in the carrying of this aft into execution in all refpeCts whatfoever, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes as if the faid powers, provifions, regulations, and directions, claufes, matters, and things, were repeated and re-enaCted in this aCt.
                    IV.   And be it further enaCted, That all fums of money which now are or fhall become payable in Inland for any part of the publick revenue, fhall be accepted by the collectors, receivers, and other officers of the revenue in Ireland, authorised to receive the fame, in the faid filver bank tokens for ten-pence or five-pence respectively, which fhall be iffued during the continuance of the reftriCtion on payment in cafh by the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, if offered to be fo paid; and that the faid governor and company may, whenever the faid reftriCtion fhall be removed, charge to the account of the teller of the exchequer all fuch of the faid tokens of ten-pence and five-pence each, iffued during the continuance of the faid reftriCtion, as may be received by the faid governor and company in payment or otherwife before or after fuch removal.
 Silver bank tokens to be received in payment of the revenue.
                                       CAP. XLIII.
                   An aft to amend the laws for improving and keeping in repair the pofl roads in Ireland, andfor rendering the conveyance of letters by his                    Majefty's pojl-office m and expeditious.—[May 17,
                                                                                                           -1805.]
                   T X JHERE AS many parts of the roads in Ireland are too   ,
                    V V hilly, or otherwife inconvenient for the fpeedy conveyance of his Majejly's mails in coaches or other carriages : and whereas the laws at prefent in force are infufficient for the effeftually improving and amending the fame : be it therefore enaCted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conlent of -the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-Poftmafters- liament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That his general (hall Majefty’s poftmafters-general for Ireland fhall and they are and maps %S hereby required to procure and employ, as foon as they conve-be made of niently can after the paffing of this aCt, proper and fufficient the port roads perfons to furvey and make maps of the feveral lines of road from in Ireland. Dublin to the extreme poft towns in Ireland, in fuch directions, and through fuch poft towns as his Majefty’s mails now travel to and from Dublin, or as the faid poftmafters-general (hall deem moft expedient that the faid mails (hould travel through; and
                                                                                                               alfo
    
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. 789
 alfo to furvey and make maps of the feveral other roads in Ireland on which his Majefty’s mails are now carried, or on which the faid poftmafters-general (hall deem it expedient that the faid mails (hould be carried from poft town to poft town; and alfo to furvey and make maps of all fuch alterations in any fuch roads, by cutting off angles, or forming new lines in lieu of the whole or any part or parts of fuch roads, as each fuch furveyor fo employed (hall judge defirable for the purpofc of rendering the way more level, or where it is fufficiently level, for the purpofe of Ihortening the diftance.
   II.     And be it further enafted, That every furveyor fo to be Where road employed, in all'cafes where the prefent road or any part thereof 0ient°furvey-is not made in the mod level or mod convenient direftion, (hall or fh’j; mark furvey and make maps of a new line or lines for a road in outa new lieu thereof; and that in no par' «ny fuch new line (hall the ?ne accord-afeent or defeent of the road v .ii(hed exceed the rate or *r*j„ proportion of one foot in height o. >11 in each thirty-five feet of fpecified. the length thereof, if the fame be practicable, without caufing
 fuch a great increafe of diftance as to delay confiderably the 'carriage of the mails ; and if the fame be not prafticable, then fuch furveyor (hall find out and furvey the moft practicable line which (hall be neareft in its afeent or defeent to luch proportion of height or fall.
   III. And be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be lawful Surveyor to
 for any fuch furveyor foto be appointed by the poftmafters-general amhinake* of Ireland, for the purpofes of this aft, and for any other perfon furveys, &c.
 or perfons employed for that purpofe, to furvey and meafure any
 line intended for a new road, or for the alteration of any exifting road under this aft, and to enter on any lands or grounds, and to do all other matters and things neceflary in the execution of their duty and employment under this aft, without being deemed a trefpafler or trefpaflers, and without being liable to any ob-ftruftion whatever ; provided fuch perfon or perfons fhall have a certificate in writing, under the hands of the faid poftmafters-general, or under the hands of any two juftices of the peace within the diftrift, that fuch furveyor or other perfon or perfons is or are employed for that purpofe.
   IV.     And be it further enabled. That in all cafes where any Routes and part of any fuch new line fhall be propofed in any fuch furvey to jjnnCe°cf road” be made through any houfe or building, or part of a houfe or to be diftin-building, or through any garden or orchard made and planted guithed in the before the pafiing of this aft, or through any plantation inclofed map.
 and growing at the time of the palling of this aft, every furveyor (hall in his map of any fuch furvey mark the fame diftinftly, and alfo mark the moft convenient and level line which he can find for avoiding fuch houfe, garden, orchard, or plantation; and in all cafes where the making a new piece of road in the line which be fhall think moft eligible for the carriage of the mails, fhall appear to him materially to prejudice any inclofed demefne or lawn planted at the time of the palling of this aft, or to bring the road inconveniently near to the dwelling or manfion-houfe in
                                                             any
Go gle
                                                                     Original from NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
                                                                                                                     \
 be fworn to aft impartially.
 Map of the road and the alterations propofed to
 rony,
 Expence of
 making road
                                               790 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. [1805..
                    any fuch demefne or lawn, every fuch furveyor (hall, in his map of any fuch furvey, mark alfo the moft convenient and level line which be can find for the purpofe of avoiding fuch prejudice or % vxonvenience.
 Surveyor fha’- V. Aj^d be it further ena£ked, That every fuch furveyor fhall be fworn before he begins his furvey, to make the fame without fear, favour, or partiality, to the beft of his opinion and judge-merit, according to the true intent of this ad.
    VI.    And be it further enaCted, That,the maps or furveys foto be made of the prefent roads, and of the propofed alterations therein, (hall be laid down on the fame fcale ; and that for each
 be on the fame barony or half barony in the line of any fuch road, there fhall fcale, and fe- be made feparate and diftind maps of fuch parts of the faid roads fo^each'ba- as S° thrbughor be propofed to go through any fuch barony or half barony refpedively, on a fcale Efficiently large to give the moft minute information; and that where in any map or furvey it fhall be propofed, that any afcent in any part cf the ! prefent exifting road, exceeding the proportion of one foot in height or fall to thirty-five feet in length, fhould be reduced, a fe&ion thereof and of the propofed reduction in height, if any fuch be recommended, fhall be included in or annexed to fuch map or furvey, ftating the rate of height or fall to which the propofed reduction will bring the afcent on fuch proportion of the road ; and that wherever any part of the exifting road which fuch furveyor fhall propofe to retain is not of the width of forty-two feet in the clear between the ditches, drains, or fences, on each fide thereof, the faid furveyor fhall particularly fpecify the fame in his map or furvey, and mark the general breadth thereof, and on which fide it can be widened moft conveniently.
    VII.                 And be it further enacted. That every fuch furveyor fhall to"be annexed annex to each map or furvey an eftimate of the whole expence to the map. of making, forming, and gravelling fuch road through each
                     barony or half barony, and of making fences to the faid road where a new line of road fhall be propofed, and of widening to any breadth not lefs than forty two feet nor more than fifty feet, fuch parts of any road as may require widening, which fuch furveyor fhall propofe to retain, and of effectually repairing all fuch parrs of the exifting road as are to be retained, and of making footpaths to the new line, as well as to the parts of the road which are to be retained ; and of reducing all fuch afeents in any road, as fuch furveyor fhall propofe to reduce therein; and of building or repairing all fuch bridges, gullet arches, or pipes, and all fuch walls neceffary to fupport the road, or to proteCk paffengers, as fuch furveyor fhall deem requifite to be built or repaired.
        Afiidavitsfhall VIII. And be it further enaCted, That there fhall be annexed the^ftirnate °to eve,y fuch eftimate, an affidavit of the furveyor, or of two and furvey of credible and experienced perfons, that the fum contained in the the propriety eftimate is a reafonable charge, and is the leaft for which the thereof. work can be effcdually and fubftantialiy executed to the beft of his or their judgement; and that every luch furveyor fhall alfo •                                                                        annex
   

 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43.               791
 annex to his map or furvey, an affidavit (worn by him, that any alterations in the exifting road recommended by fuch furveyor in fuch map or furvey have been propofed by him as the moft ad-vifeablc in his judgement, agreeably to the intent of this aCt, between the points therein ftated ; due regard being had to the mod level and pra&icable line, without occafioning fuch an increafe of diftance as might be productive of delay to the car-riage of the mails.
   IX.     And be it further enaCtcd, That the furveys, maps, and Surveys of eftimates of the roads, or fuch parts thereof as come within the j^u^in&c. provifions of this aCt, from Dublin dire# to the extreme port (hall be*firflt towns, and from Waterford to Corky and              , and from  completed.
  Donagbadee to Londonderry, fhall be finifhed and completed in preference to the furveys, maps, and eftimates of any other roads ; and that whenever the furvey, maps, and eftimates of any Notice fhall be road fhall be finifhed, the poftmafters-general fhall caufe notice        *
 thereof to be pofted upon the door of the county court houfe of of places'1 each and every county, county of a town or city, barony or half through barony, through any part of which any new line of road fhall be which roads propofed in fuch furveys or maps to be carried, fpecifying the fhall pafs,fpe-town lands, and the number of perches therein, through each °f cu^ms’before which fuch road is propofed to be carried, twenty-one days at the maps and leaft previous to the commiftion day of the next enfuing affizes eftimates are to be held in fuch county of a town or city, or in the county ^ wherein fuch barony or half barony fhall be fituate, or if in the county or ebunty of the city of Dublin, previous to the firft day1 of the next presenting term ; and the map or maps thereof, and of the whole of the road, whether old or new, through fuch county of a town or city, barony or half barony, together with the efti-mates and affidavits of the feveral expences of repairing, widening, or making the fame, of making fences and footpaths, reducing hills, filling hollows, building or repairing bridges, gullet pipes, arches, or walls, fhall at the fame time be deposited with the treafurer of fuch county of a town or city, or of the county in which fuch baronies or half baronies fhall be fituate, for the infpe&ion of all perfons whom it m^y concern, and fhall be lodged and kept among the records of fuch county, county of a town or city refpeclivcly, and be laid before the grand jury thereof at fuch next enfuing aflizes or presenting term.
    X.     And be it further enabled, That the feveral and refpeCtive Surveyors furveyors who (ball have been refpeCtively employed by the fhall attcnd poftmafters-general in making any furvey under this aCt, fhall Reexamined attend at fuch aflizes or prefenting term refpeCtively, and fhall by grand be examined upon oath before the grand jury thereat, as to fuch juries, matters or opinions concerning any luch road refpeCtively, or any propofed alteration thereof, and concerning the feveral efti-mates relating to the fame, as fuch grand jury fhall think proper; Grand juries and that upon fuch examination fuch grand jury fhall proceed to confidcr the whole of fuch furveys, maps, and eftimates; and if p,cfcntthe they fhall be of opinion that the road and the alterations thereof, road accord-as pointed out and recommended in any fuch furvey, is in the >ngty* moft convenient and practicable direction between the two poft
                              .                             towns
     Co gle
 Ex
 rai county
 If grand jury difapprove the
 of any road, a new furvey ihall be made before the next aflizes, Sec.
792 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georg 11 III. c. 43. [1805.
      towns therein mentioned, they ftiall prefent the fame to be the pence to be road between fuch two port towns; and at the fame time they ™°nthe fhall prefent all the new intended part thereof, to be laid out and marked and levelled, and fhall prefent all fums of money neceflary for laying out the fame, including the expence of marking and levelling, to be raifed off the county at large.
   XI.                 And be it further enafted. That if any grand jury fhall propofed plan uPon any fuch examination as aforefaid, be ot opinion that the
 road between any two poft towns can be carried in a more convenient dire&ion, equal or more level, and not exceeding in length or expence the road pointed out in any fuch furvey, it Ihall and may be lawful for fuch grand jury to flate fuch their opinion in writing, with any reafons or obfervations which they may think proper to the court, who (hall caufe the clerk of the crown to fend an attefted copy thereof to the poftmafters-general; and the faid poftmafters-general (hall thereupon forthwith caufe fuch road to be re-furveyed, and fuch attefted copy to be given to fuch perfon as they (hall employ to re-furvey the fame before the then next aflizes or prefenting term; and fuch new furvey, together with the maps, eftimates, and affidavits herein-before required, (hall be laid before the grand jury at fuch next affixes or prefenting term ; and it fhall and may be lawful for fuch grand jury to prefent the road in the direction pointed out in either of the faid two furveys, or partly as in the one, and partly as in the other of fuch two furveys, to be the road between the two poft towns therein dated, as they fhall judge beft ; and at the fame time to prefent all fuch parts thereof as they fhall approve for a new line or new lines of road to be laid out, marked, and levelled ; and in like manner to prefent the money neceflary for laying out the fame.
   XII.    And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful for the grand jury who fhall prefent any fuch road to be laid out purfuant either to the furvey or the re-furvey thereof, or partly to the one and partly to the other, to prefent, to be raifed
 off the feveral off each barony or half barony through which fuch road fhall
 ofl^he'eounty Pa^s» or       county af large> it (hall appear to them expe-
      at large. V dient, the whole of the fums neceflary for laying out, forming, gravelling, and fencing every part of any fuch new line of road, and making footpaths, and for repairing, gravelling, widening, fencing, or turning the backs of the exifting fences to the road, or making footpaths to any part of fuch old road as (hall be repairing*0* rC" ta'ne<i» and to prefent, to be raifed off the county at large, the bridges, re- whole of the fums neceflary for building or repairing all bridges,
      ducing af-  arches, pipes, gullets, and walls as aforefaid, and for lowering any
            &c-   hill, or filling any hollow, or reducing any afeent,  or ere&ing
      only!*county mile ports or mile Hones.             °   '
      Presentments XIII. And be it further enabled, That all fuch preferments fhall be made f°r ra|fing money for any of the purpofes aforefaid, (hall be made &c. as under upon like affidavits, fubjedl to like regulations, and to like mode cxiiting laws, of accounting for the money raifed thereby, as is or are now preferibed by law, except fa far as is otherwise herein dire£ted.
                                                                       XIV. And
 Expence of
 forming road Ihall be prefen ted by grand jury
NE\
                                                             
 1805 ] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43.                   793
    XIV.     And be it further enacted. That where any prefent- Where the ment by any grand jury under this a£t, of any fum or fums [ha?l exceed"4* money for "the purpofe of widening, altering, or repairing any n ,nay port road, or of repairing or building bridges, or building or br advanced repairing of walls on any fuch road, (hall exceed the fum of under regu-two hundred pounds fterling, it {hall and may be lawful to
 prefent and allow the whole or any part of fuch (urn fo q] ^ ac £s presented, to be paid in advance to the overfeers appointed to condudt fuch work fo prefented, upon fuch conditions and under fuch regulations as are contained in an adt, made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the regulation of             for the
 purpofe of levying money to be expended in      court     , gaols ^
 and other         expenfme buildings; and that all conditions, orders, and
 regulations, in the faid recited adt contained, (hall be extended and applied to all fuch preferments as aforefaid, which (hall exceed the fum of two hundred pounds fterling.
    XV.      Provided always, and be it enadled, That if any grand Ifageneral jury (hall appoint any one perfon to be a general overfeer of the overfeer °f whole of any road or work in or through any barony or half through a ba» barony, the affidavits for accounting for the expenditure of all ror)y ,8 ap_ money relating to the fame, made by any overfeer or overfeers pointed by whom fuch general overfeer (hall appoint to adl under him, (hall *£an<jJ'“T* be receivable by the grand jury and the court, and (hall be c>f tor accounting like effedl as if fuch overfeer or overfeers, fo appointed by fuch may b? made, general overfeer, had been appointed by the grand jury: provided by hisdepu-always, that the affidavit of fuch general overfeer (hall be an- ft*8**Dd COIH nexed to the affidavit of any overfeer or overfeers appointed by {j[™ed him, dating that he has examined the account of fuch overfeer
 or overfeers, and the works executed, and that the work is effectually done, and that he verily believes the money dated in fuch account to have been fairly and honeftly expended upon fuch work.
    XVI.      And be it further enadled, That if any grand jury (hall Grand juries think the whole of any fums neceflary to be railed for the pur-
 pofe aforefaid, too great to be raifed at one aifizes or prefenting be raifed at term, or that the whole of any fuch fums cannot be properly different expended fo as to be accounted for at the enfuing affizes or pre- affizes. fenting term, it (hall be lawful for any fuch grand jury, in the prefenting of any fuch fums, to fet forth what portion of the whole fum to be raifed on any barony or half barony, or on the county, (hall be refpe<5tive)y raifed thereon in each year, and at what affizes or term, until the whole (hall be raifed and levied j and the treafurer of the county (hall from time to time, without further authority or prefentment in that behalf, infert in his warrant at each affizes or term fo dire&ed, the portion or portions fo fet forth of the fum fo prefented ; and the fame (hall be raifed and levied in like manner, from time to time, and with like remedy in cafe of non-payment, as all other money directed by fuch warrant is by law to be levied.
    XVII.      Provided always, and be it enafled, That it (hall and Grand jury may be lawful for the grand jury at each or any fubfequent may increafe
                                                            affizes the propor-
                                                                                                                                    I \
 k
       794 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. [1805.
       tion of (um* affizes or prefenting term, to increafe any fuch portion to fuch to be raifed. amount as they (hall deem proper, and to order fuch increafed proportion to be raifed on the county or barony or half barony All fums (hall refpetftively: provided alfo, that the entire fum fo prefented for be raifed in fix completing any fuch road entirely through fuch county, barony, yeais.        or |,a|f barony, (hall be directed to be raifed in fuch portions as
                   fhall caufe the whole of the fame to be levied within fix years at the mod from the time when fuch furvey or re-furvey, as the Till poll roads cafe may be, fhall have been laid before the grand jury: provided arc complet- alfo, that it fhall not be lawful for the court at any affize or pre-erf, no fums fenting term from and after the time that any fuch furvey or re-for other™ C<> furvey> as the cafe may he, (hall be laid before the grand jury, to roads exceed- fia* prefentmetits for railing any money off any barony or half ing thofe for barony, or off any county of a ttown or city in which any fuch poft polt roads. road, or any part thereof, (hall be (ituated, to be expended in making, repairing, or widening other roads therein, to a greater ,             amount in the whole than the fum which fhall be directed or
                   prefented originally, or in the way of increafe thereof, to be raifed at fuch affizes or term for fuch poft road, until fuch poft road therein fhall be completely finifhed.
       Excefcof an- XVIII. And be it further ena£ted, That if more money fhall nual expencesbe expended in any one year on any fuch road, together with the beyond re- bridges, pipes, arches, gullets, and walls thereof inclulive, and treasurer (hall ^u'y accounted for, than the treafurer fhall have received from be paid by him baronial or other colle«Stors, it fhall be lawful for fuch out of money treaftirer, and he is hereby required to pay from time to time to prefented. the perfon who (hall have accounted for the fame, or his executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, the full fums allowed in fuch account out of the monies prefented for the purpofe, fo foon as he (hall receive theYame, without any other order, warrant, or authority on that behalf.
  XIX. And be it further enabled. That it fhall and may be lawful for the owner or occupier of any ground, or of any houfe or building into which any old road is to be widened, or through which any new road is to be made under the authority of this a<5V, or any perfon having an intereft in any fuch ground^ houfe, or building, to traverfe the prefentment for making or widening fuch road, for damages, either at the fame affizes or prefenting atThe fame'or term 'n w^'c^ ^ch prefentment fhall have been made, or at the
       fubfequent affixes, on notice.
 Owners of ground or houfrs required for widening or altering road may traverfe the preferments thereof
             next fubfequent affizes or prefenting term, if he or fhe fhall have given notice in writing to the treafurer of the county, twenty-one days at the leaft previous to the commiffion day of fuch fubfequent affizes, or previous to the firft day of fucl\ fubfequent prefenting term, of fuch his or her intention; and every traverfe entered at the affizes or prefenting term whereat fuch prefentment fhall have been made fhall be tried then, or at the next Tub-Damages (hall fequent affizes or term ; and every traverfe entered at the affizes be afeertained or prefenting term fubfequent to that whereat fuch prefentment by a jury. (hall have been made, and of which fuch notice fhall be given, fhall be tried at fuch fubfequent affizes or prefenting term ; and the jury which fhall try any fuch traverfe fhall true verdift give,
                                                                                                                     whether
   
 r
 t
 i
 ►
 V
 t
 i
 •
 I
 "I
 ei Ii
 i
 i
 i
 t
 I
 i
 E-
 I
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georoii III. e. 43.              795
 whether any and what damages fhall accrue by the prefentment to the traverfor or traverfors ; and upon the damages fo found being paid to fuch traverfor or traverfors, or depoiited with the county treafurcr for the ufe of fuch traverfor or traverfors, it (hall be lawful for the overfcer or overfeers appointed to carry the prefentment in queftion into effedt, to proceed in the execution thereof without the interruption of any perfon whatsoever; and it fhall be lawful for any grand jury as aforefaid to prefent fuch Damages (hall fum or fums of money fo found for damages, or any part thereof, be raifed off to be raifed off the barony, half barony, county of a city, or the barony by county of a town, in which the ground or houfe or other build- not tralrerfa-ings fhall be fituate, on account of which fuch damages (hall have ble. been awarded to the traverfor or traverfors; to which preferment no traverfe (hall be allowed.                             No traverfe
    XX.  And be it further enabled, That no traverfe fhall be re- ^ P*e"
 ceived to any prefentment made under the authority of this adt, cept for da-" except for damages. '                                          mages.
    XXI.  And be it further enabled, That nothing herein con- No prefent-
 tained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to authorife any rcents for grand jury to prefent any money to be r aifed for or in refpedl of aess’f_
 any turnpike road, except as is herein-after provided and enadted. ter-mention-
    XXII.     And be it further enadted, That if the whole or any ed. part of the road between one port town and another, which fhall *n caf* be ordered to be furveyed under the authority of this ad!, fhall be loads' fur-
 a turnpike road, the furvey thereof diredled to be made in manner Veys, Sec. (hall aforefaid, together with the maps, eftimates, and affidavits relat- be laid before ing thereto, (hall, when completed, be laid before the truftees,,he diredtors, or commiffioners,.to whole controul and management ^i°Confcnt fuch road fhall be committed by law, who (hall proceed without of parties, or delay to obtain the confent of the owners or occupiers of the verdidt of ju-ground into which any part of fuch turnpike road fhall be propofed r'es« aml to be widened, or through which any alteration thereof fhall be grand*^uries propofed to be made, or to caufe the damages which may accrue fl,an prefcnt to fuch owners or occupiers, by means of fuch widening or altera - fums to be tion, to be afeertained by the verdidt of a jury, according to fuch raifed off the powers as are given to them by law for fuch purpofe ; and fuchcounUcs’ truftees, diredtors, or commiffioners, fhall lay all fuch verdidts before the grand jury at the next enfuing affixes, or any fubfe-quent affizes, which fhall be held for the county in which fuch part of the road fhall be fituated, or at the next prefenting term, or at any fubfequent prefenting term, if the fame be fituate in the county of Dublin, or in the county of the city of Dublin ; and it fhall be lawful for each fuch grand jury to prefent the fum or fums fpecified in fuch verdidls to be raifed upon the county at large, and paid to the feveral perfons refpeclively in whofe behalf fuch verdidls (hall be given.
    XXIII. And be it further enadled. That when all the fums On payment mentioned in fuch verdidls (hall be paid to the perfons entitled of *^e >non*y» thereto, or (hall be depofited with the county treafurer for the u^e p^eed on^ of fuch perfons, it fhall be lawful for the truftees, diredtors, or road8. commiffioners, of fuch turnpike road, to proceed to widen fuch
                                                           road.
Co gl
e
NEVi
''OF
 PUB
 796 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. C43. [1805.
              road, or to lay out and make fuch new line, of road as the cafe may be, without the interruption of any perfon whatever.
 Money pre- XXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That any fum of money Jj^nDub. prefented to be raifed under the authority of this ad, by the grand (haH^ahow-JurV or grand juries of the county of , (hall and may be al-cd, though lowed by the court, although it (hall exceed or caufe an excels in exceeding the the whole on each or any barony beyond the fums which are proportion on allowed by law to be raifed by preferment on fuch barony, law. ar°ny ^ XXV. And be it further enadted. That it (hall not be lawful After furvey for any truftees, dire&ors, or commiffioners of any turnpike received, ex- road, after receiving from the poftmafters-general fuch furvey as penocs of fuch js herein diredted, to expend more money in any one year than pike roads as a^ter l^e ratc thirty-two pounds a mWcJri/h meafure, on any aretobeal-    part of the road, which    according  to fuch furvey is not      to
 tered lhall not remain the road, but to be altered by a new line of road being
 exceed 31/. fubftituted in its place.
 j^numC Pcr XXVI. And whereas the benefits                      by this aft., for
              the fecure  and expeditious conveyance of the           ,       ne-
              tejfarily be delayed until the whole  of the fums to be raifed   by
                          prefentments Jhall be levied, unlefs provifion be made for an advance In cafe of pre- of money in the mean time; be it therefore enaded. That b^raifedV0 w^enever lhe grand jury of any county (hall have prefented yearly por- any ^ne road, marked or recommended in any furvey or map, tions, lord- agreeably to the provifions of this ad, to be the road between lieutenants any two port towns, and (hall have prefented the fums neceflary tnaiur^to^ f°r making and completing the fame, but (hall have direded that make aJ- fuch ^um or ^ums Hiall be raifed only by yearly portions, the v.mces to the clerk of the crown (hall forthwith tranfmit a copy of fuch their prelentment and diredion to the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, or to his or their chief fecretary; and it (hall and may be lawful, for fuch lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland,to order the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high-treafurer of Ireland to advance and pay out of the confolidated fund of                         ,  from  time  to time, as fuch
              Jord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors (hall in his or their difcretion order and dircd, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the amount of what (hall remain of fuch prefentments unlevied at the time of making fuch order, to the treafurer of fuch county, to be applied for the purpofe of accomplifhing the works for which fuch prefentment or prefentments (hall have been made ; and all fuch money fo advanced and paid to any fuch treafurer of the county, (hall be received and accounted for by him, in like manner as any other monies received by the treafurer for the ufe of the county; and all fecurities given by fuch treafurer, or in his behalf, (hall extend equally to fuch money as to any other money in his hands.
   XXVII.                     And be it further enadted, That every treafurer of a county, receiving any fuch money or monies, (hall pay to the bigTrom^pre- collector of his Majefty’s revenues in the diftri& wherein the fentments for county town is fituated, all fuch Turns as he (hall receive from fuch roads to tjme t0 time from the baronial or other colledtors, by virtue of colle&or of                the
 ♦he revenues,
 county treafurer.
 County trea* furcr (hall pay all fums arif-
 
                                                                          /
  1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. 797
  the prefentments on account of which fuch money (hail have till fuch ad-been advanced) until he (hall have difeharged the whole fum fo va?fc . advanced, but without intereft for the fame.                   mtereit. °U
     XXVIII.      Provided always, and be it enafted, That it (hall No monejr not be lawful for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor fhj| be order-or governors, of Ireland, f?r the time being* to order any ed to be ad-money to be fo advanced, unlefs it (hall appear to him or them, vanceo rd* by the certificate of the clerk of the crown, or other fuffieient document, that the whole of the fums neceflary to pay all prefented, &c. damages demanded by any perfon or perfons, on account of any
  fuch road going into or through any ground, houfe, or building, have been prefented to be raifed and paid, or have been other-wife fettled for.
     XXIX.        And be it further enabled, That all money fo Money ad-advanced and paid to any treafurer of a county under this aft, vanced to (hall be applied by him towards the purpofe of the prefentment
  or prefentments, on account whereof it (hall have been advanced cording* to or paid to or received by fuch treafurer, and to no other pur- prefentments. pole; and that when and fo often as any overfeer appointed by On account the grand jury, (hall deliver or caufe to be delivered to fuch of expenditure treafurer, an account of the expenditure of any money in delivered by purfuance of any fuch prefentment, or of any expenccs aftually °Ithmthe paid or incurred in the execution of the work for which fuch treafurer, the prefentment (hall have been granted, fpecifying the names of the latter may perfons to whom the fame (hall have been paid, or (hall be due, weekly ad-and for what work or other fervice, and when, together with the number of horfes and men employed, and the wages per day, or pay (uch ex. if the work (hall have been contrafted for, the nature of the penditure. contraft; fuch account to be verified by the oath of fuch overfeer; it (hall and may be lawful for fuch treafurer, and he is hereby required to advance and pay to fuch overfeer, from time to time, not oftenerthan once in each week, (out of fuch monies as fuch treafurer may fo have received by order of the lord-’ lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland) the amount of the expence fo fworn by fuch overfeer to have been aftually paid or incurred: provided always, that fuch Security by overfeer, if appointed by the grand jury, (hall have firft given oveifeers to fecurity to fuch treafurer, with two fureties approved of by one account at en-of the governors of the county, or by any twojuftices of the ,uint> al 1Z<;S’ peace, named by the grand jury for the purpoie, by bond and warrant to confefs judgement thereupon, conditioned, that fuch overfeer (hall duly account, at the next atfizes or prefenting term, for all Turns which (hall be advanced to him by the treafurer on account of any fuch prefentment in refpeft of the road or other work of which he is overfeer.
     XXX.        And be it further enafted. That if ,any general On overfeer* overfeer for the whole of any road or work, to be appointed by£.ivmg fe.cu‘ any grand jury, (hall have given fecurity (approved of in manner deputie8*niav before mentioned) that any overfeer or overfeers appointed by rcceive ad- * him for the work, fpecifying his or their names, (hall duly vances from account in manner before mentioned; every fuch overfeer fo treafurer appointed by fuch general overfeers and named in fuch fecurity °‘ county* (ball, on his producing fuch account as aforefaid, verified by
                                                                                                              himfelf
          Co gle
LI
 On failure of due re-payment of advances by treafurer of the county to the collec-
 ment ofF the county, &c.
798 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.43. [1805.
             himfelf upon oath, together with the order of the general overfeer, be entitled to receive advances of money from the treafurer of the county, from time to time, in manner and for the purpofes herein-betore mentioned.
                XXXI.      And be it further enabled. That if by negledt or failure of railing the fums which (hall be directed as aforefaid to be raifed by yearly portions, or from any other caufe, any delay (hall happen to arife in the re-payment, by the treafurer of the county, to the collector of the diftrift, in manner and at the times herein directed, of the whole or any inftalment of the
lhallbe raifed money advanced to fuch treafurer, by order of the lord-byprefent- lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of             ,
             it fhall and may be lawful for the grand jury, and they are hereby required, at the aflizes or- prefenting term at which any fuch inftalment ought to be repaid, or at the next or any fubfequent aflizes or prefenting term, to prefent fuch fum as fhall be behind and not repaid, to be raifed off the county, county of a city or town, barony or half-barony refpe&ively, as it (hall have been before prefented, and to be paid forthwith
             to the collector of the diftridt; and if fuch fum fhall be after-
             wards raifed and paid to the treafurer, in purfuance of the former prefentment, the treafurer fhall fet it down to the credit of the county, barony, or half-barony, as the cafe may be, in the next warrant which he (hall ilTue.
                XXXII.   And be it further enadted, That it fhall not be
road8Utuf fuch     f°r court at any aflizes to fiat any prefentment for
laft mentioned raifing money for the repair of any road     in  fuch county,
prefentment except a poft   road, unlefs fuch prefentment   as laft aforefaid
             be firft made and allowed.
                XXXIII.    And whereas the tolls         upon turnpike roads
             may not afford funds fufficient for carrying into execution fuch improvements or alterations of the refpeflive roads as may be
borrow money recommended or pointed out in any                 to be made in
neceffary for manner directed by this a£l; and it may be neceffary for the truflees, dir eft or s^ or commifftonersy of fuch turnpike roads refpcftively, to borrow money                     aid of their tolls for the
             purpofe\ be it therefore enadted. That any three or more of the truftees, directors, or commiflioners, in whom the care or management of any turnpike road in Ireland is vefted by law, fhall and may, and they are hereby empowered to raile and borrow any fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the amount of the fum neceffary to carry into execution the whole of fuch new line or lines of ro2d, with footpaths thereto, and reduce fuch hills, and fill up fuch hollows, and to build or repair fuch bridges, arches, pipes or gullets, or walls, as fhall be marked or recommended in any fuch furvey as fhall be delivered to them, purfuant to the provifions of this adf, and according to the eftimates thereto annexed; and that for all fums fo to be borrowed, bills entitling the bearers to the amount of the fums therein fpecified fhall be iffued and figned by the treafurer for the time being, and figned by and fealed
                                                                                                                     with
 No fiat for
 made and al* lowed.
 Truftees of turnpikes era powered to
 purpofes of thiB ad, on credit of their tolls.
Go gle
r r
 1S05.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgn III. c.43. 799
 with the feals of three or more of fuch truftees, directors, or commiflioners of any fuch road refpeCtivcly, and that fuch bills lhall bear fuch intereft from the date thereof as fhall be agreed upon between fuch truftees, directors, or commiflioners re-fpeCtively,- and the lender or lenders, not exceeding the rate of fix pounds for one hundred pounds by the year j and that for fuch lum fo to be. borrowed by fuch truftees, directors, or commiflioners refpe&ively as aforefaid, there fhall be paid half-yearly, by the treafurer for the time being, by and with the order and direction of three or more of fuch truftees, directors, or commiflioners refpeCtively, on fuch days and times after the refpe&ive dates of fuch bills, as fhall be mentioned and appointed in the faid bills, to the holders thereof, out of the produce of the tolls of any fuch road refpeCtivcly, fuch intereft as fhall be lo agreed upon, in full to the faid days fo mentioned and appointed for the payment of fuch intereft, without any fee . or charge whatfoever, and free from all deductions, defalcations, and abatements, until the principal Turns therein mentioned be refpeCtivcly paid at one payment; and that all fuch bills as fhall be fo iffued and figned by the truftees, directors, or com-sniflioners of any fuch road refpeCtively, fhall be numbered in arithmetical progreflion, beginning with number one, until the whole thereof fhall be numbered; provided, that no fuch bill fhall be ifliied for lefs than fifty pounds, nor for more than one hundred pounds.
    XXXIV.         And, in order to facilitate the borrowing of fuch Truftees of fum or fums of money, by increafing the means of the turnpikes may
   principal, and injuring the punctual payment of the intereft; 'ncrci,re 101,8 be it further enaCked, That it fhali and may be lawful for the ^monYy^n-truftees, directors, or commiflioners, of any fuch turnpike, roads, dcr this aCt. to raife and increafe all or any of the tolls payable on fuch road refpeCtively, in fuch proportion as they fhall think ft*, not exceeding an increafe of one-half of the prefent amount on any article; and that all powers, authorities, penalties, and regulations for collecting and enforcing the payment of the prefent tolls, (hall extend equally to all fuch increafed tolls, any thing in any law to the contrary notwithftanding.
    XXXV.      And be it further enaCted, That if the lord-if the lord-
 lieutenant, or othef chief governor or governors of             lieutenant
 for the time being, fhall be fatisfied that the tolls to arife upon ^a11 ^tis* any turnpike road of which a furvey fhall have been made                 Qf
 purfuant to the proviiions of this aCt, are likely to produce or the income of allow a clear annua) income, over and above all charges for any turnpike prior incumbrances, confuierably more than equal to the regular foa<110 P 'Y difeharge of all intereft for fuch fums as may be neceifary to be ^centum^ borrowed by the truftees, directors, or commiflioners of fuch per annum as turnpike roads, for the purpofes of (his aCl, and to the payment a finking fund, of a further fum, after the rate of two pounds                   the treai'ury of
 annum on the fum to be borrowed, to be applied as a finking jjff* money fund for the redemption thereof, it fhall and may be lawful for on deben-the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high-treafurer tures, and
                                                               of
Go
gle
 8oo Anno rcgni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43. [1805. pay fame to of Ireland\or any three or more of them* by the direction of fuchroad^         l°rd*fteutenant or other chief governor or governors of
              Ireland for the time being* at any time after the firft day of ‘January one thoufand eight hundred and fix* to raife by loan* on debentures carrying an intereft after the rate of five pounds per tentum per annum, fuch fum or Turns as (hall be certified by the truftees, directors* or commiftioners of any fuch turnpike road, to be neceflary to be borrowed by them for executing the purpofes of this a£t, and as (hall be fpecified in fuch directions of fuch lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, and that the fame* when raifed, (hall be remitted and paid to fuch truftees, directors, or commiftioners, or (hall be paid to their order, in fuch manner and under fuch reftriCtions far enfuring its due application to the purpofes of this aCt* as fuch lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland (hall direCt.
 The tolls lhall XXXVI. And be it further enaCtcd, That all tolls which be liable to the fhall on the day fuch money (hall be borrowed, or at any fubfe-the exchequer ftucnl time, be vefted in the truftees, directors, or commiftioners, of the intereft of any fuch turnpike road, (hall be fubjeCt to the payment at the on fuch de- receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, of the intereft payable on bcntures, and fuch debentures, and to the further fum of two pounds per ^r^annum^illtum Per annum on the principal fum borrowed ; which faid fum the principal of two pounds per centum per annum (hall, by the commiftioners is redeemed, for reducing the national debt of       ,  be duly  and regularly
              applied, tqgether with the intereft of all principal fums which (hall be redeemed therewith, to the redemption of the fums fo borrowed; and when the whole of the fums fo borrowed (hall be redeemed thereby, and all intereft thereon paid and fatisfied* the faid tolls (hall be difeharged from all demands on account thereof.
 On failure of XXXVII. And be it further enaCted, That if any intereft Fntereft *&c      at  an^ t,mc behind or unpaid by the truftees or proper
 the6 lord C officer of any turnpike road, for money borrowed under the au-chancellor thority and for the purpofes of this act, for the fpaceof feven days may appoints after any of the days appointed for the payment of fuch intereft, receiver, or or if the truftees or other proper officer of any turnpike road, JR 61 1 6 om'1 or negleCt to pay at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, a fum equal to the full amount of all intereft which may become due on any debentures for money raifed, and which (hall have been fo remitted or paid to the truftees, direClors, or com-miflioners of fuch road, or their order, twenty-one days at the Jeaft before fuch intereft (hall be payable at the treafury, together with the further fum after the rate of two pounds per centum per annum as aforefaid, the lord chancellor or lord keeper or com-miflioners for the cuftody of the great feal of                  , may, upon
              petition and affidavit of the party claiming a right to fuch intereft* or upon the motion of his Majefty’s attorney-general of Ireland on behalf of the commiftioners for executing the office of lord high-treafurer of Ireland, appoint a receiver to receive fo much of the tolls of fuch road as may be necefiary to pay fuch intereft
                                                                                                                refpe£lively.

 1S05.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 43.      801
 refpcdivcly, and fuch further fum after the rate of two pounds per centum per annum, together with the receiver’s fees, and all reafonable cofts attending fuch application; or may make fuch order for fequeftering the tolls for the payment thereof, as to ' fuch lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commiflioners, may appear juft and fitting in that behalf.
   XXXVIII. And be it further >enaded, That in all cafes Parts of tum-where the truftees, directors, or commiflioners of any turnpike Pfke roads roa^, (hall alter the fame in purfuance of this ad, they (hall caufe ^a^be fold a r > of fuch parts of the exifting road as (hall in confluence truftees thereof be difcontinued by them, to be depofited with the trea- unlefs pre-furer of the county in which fuch parts (hall be fituated ; and if tented within the grand jury of {uch county (hall not within eight months after fuch map (hall be fo depofited, prefcnt fuch parts to be left open roadby grand as a pubiick road, and prefent to be raifed oft the barony or half juries, &c. barony, or baronies or half baronies, in which fuch road fhall be fituated (and which every grand jury is hereby empowered to do), fuch fum or fums of money as the materials of the faid road, and of all bridges and arches thereon, (hall amount to, on a valuation to be made thereof upon oath of three perfons, one to be named by the truftees, directors, or commiflioners of fuch road, one other by fuch grand jury, and the third to be chofen by the other two; every part of fuch road which (hall not be fo prefented , to be kept open, (hall be and is hereby declared to be verted in the truftees, directors, or commiflioners of fuch road, and (hall and may be fet or fold by them; or as many of them as are competent to do any ad refpeding fuch road; and all materials thereon, or in any bridges, arches, or pipes, upon or acrofs the fame, may be taken down, and applied by them to the ufe and advantage of the road under their care; and all money arifing from the fale or fetting of fuch difcontinued road, (hall be applied in aid of the tolls under their management.
    XXXIX. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful Oaths under for any juftice of the peace, within his jurifdidion, to ariminifter 'his aft may ~ny oath or oaths preferibed or required by this ad; and that if^ed torone any perfon who (hall take any fuch oath (hall wilfully and know-juft,cet ingly fwear falfely therein, every fuch perfon, being duly coh-vided thereof, (hall fuffer the pains and penalties to which pena)ty 0f perlons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury are or (hall be fubjed perjury, to by any law in force in Ireland.
    XL. And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be Poftmafters-lawful for the poftmafters-general in Ireland to pay all fuch fums as may be ncceflary for fatisfying the furveyors and other perfons £f'Purveyors* to be employed for the making the furveys direded by this ad, &c. out of and for the attendance of the furveyors on any grand juries, or poltage duty, on any truftees, diredors, or commiflioners of any turnpike road refpedively, 3nd for all expences incurred by them in the execution of this ad, out of any money in their hands arifing from the duty on the portage of letters in Ireland.
    XLI. And be it further enaded. That all powers and pro- Powers of all vifions contained in any ad or ads in force in , relating       3
                             3 F                       to  p    *
       Co gle -                             •      ne,/Y0“^Vucl
 802 AnnorcgniquadragefimoquintoGEORGiiIII.c.44,45. [1805.
 roads applied to any port road, presentment road, or turnpike road, which to this aft. (hall {jC widened, altered, or improved under and by virtue of this aft, (hall be applied where neceflary in the execution of this aft, as fully and effeftually as if fuch powers and provifions were repeated and re-enafted in this aft, fo far as fuch powers and provifions are applicable to and are not repealed or altered by this aft.
                                 CAP. XLIV.
 % * t
                 An aft               for repealing fo much of an aft made in the thirty-fourth year
               of bis prefent Majefty, as exempts Jlate, the value whereof                  not
               exceed twenty /hillings per ton, brought     within                        Great
               Britain, from the duty thereby granted.—[June 5, 1805.]
             WHEREAS Jlate of                     of Great Britain,                     brought
                    coajlwife from any port or place within Great Britain to any other port or place                           therein, the value of as it is on at
             the port or place where the fame /hail be intended to be , JhaU
             siot exceed twenty /hillings per is not chargeable with duty: and whereas it is expedient that the exemption from duty on fucb Jlates Slate brought Jbouldbe difeontinued:                  be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod
 thereunder 6* cxcc^cnt majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords the value of spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament ao/. per ton afTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after or not (hall be the paffing of this aft, all Hate fo brought as aforefaid, whether dut now a - l^e   Cime lhall under the                     value of twenty (hillings per ton or
 able on fliue. not» fhall be fubjeft and liable to fuch and the like duties, as well temporary as permanent, as by an aft paired in the forty-43 G. 3. c. 68. third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft to repeal the duties of cuftoms payable in Great Britain, and to grant other duties in lieu thereof, and by feveral other afts palled fubfe-quent thereto, are impofed on flate the produftion of Great
                                                             tain;any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftand-
             ing,
                                CAP. XLV.
             An aft for making perpetual certain additional duties of excife on wine imported into Great Britain, granted by two afts pajfed in the forty-third and forty-fourth years of his             and to
               allow a drawback of the faid duties to                                   * , and other
               commi/fioned officers, for wine confumed on board his of war.—[June 5, 1805.]
             WHEREAS by an aft paffed in the forty-third year of his prefent Majejly's reign, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majefty, until twelve months after the ratification of the definitive treaty of peace, certain additional duties of excife. in Britain, certain additional duties of excife on wine imported into Great Britain were granted unto his       until twelve months
             after the ratification of the definitive treaty of peace \ and by another aft paffed in the forty-fourth year of his faid Majejly's reign,
 44 G. 3. c. 49, An aft for grantipg to his Majefty, until twelve months after
                            .            -                                                  the

   1S05.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georoii III. c. 45. 803
 the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties of excife on wine imported into Great                                Britcertain further addi-
 tional duties of excife on wine imported into Great Britain were granted unto his Majejly until twelve months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace: and whereas it is expedient that thefaid duties granted by the                    faid recited afts         Jhculdbe made perpetual: may
 it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaCicd; aiyd be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid refpedlive additional duties of excife on wine by the faid recited a<fts granted, and the draw- I^nted'by'8 backs thereby refpeCfively allowed, and all and every the claufes, fecited ads provifions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, and for- (hall be per-feitures therein refpeCtively contained and mentioned in relation petual. to fuch duties and drawbacks refpeCtively, (hall be and the fame are hereby made perpetual.
    II. And whereas by an aft paffed in the thirty-third year of his prefent Majejly s reign, intituled. An aft to allow the drawback of 33 G.3. c. 48. the duties of cuftoms and excife upon wines conlumed by admirals, captains, and other commiftioned officers on board (hips of war in aftual fervice, and to allow fuch (hips to be flip-plied with tobacco duty-free, a drawback of the whole amount of the duties of cufloms and excife paid      on the importation of wines into
 Great Britain is allowed on any fort of wine intended for the ufe of admirals, captains, or other commijfioned officers employed in his jejly's fervice, for their aftual          confumption,on board fuch of his
   Majejly’s           Jhips as they Jhall ferve in, yearly and every , the
 proportions therein mentioned, and under the rules, regulations,
 Jlriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, contained in the faid recited aft;
 and it is thereby provided, that the faid drawback Jhould not be allowed upon any wines but fuch as Jhould be delivered into the charge of the cclleftorsand comptrollers of his Majejly’s cujloms at certain ports therein enumerated: and whereas by feveral Jubfequent the provifions of the faid recited aft relating to the faid allowances of the drawbacks on wines were extended to other ports in Great Britain : and whereas other and additional duties of cufloms and excife have been granted on the importation of wines into Great Britain the paffmg of the faid recited afts; and doubts have arifen whether a drawback of the whole amount of the duties of cujloms and excife, now payable on the importation of wines into Great Britain, can be allowed on wines intended for the ufe cf admirals, captains, and other commijfioned officers employed in his Majejly'sfervice; and it is expedient that a drawback of the whole amount offuch duties Jhould be allowed: Drawback of be it therefore enafted, Thar, from and after the palling of this all duties of a<ff, a drawback of the whole amount of the duties of cuftoms ^af^aidim and excife now paid or hereafter to be paid on the importation of ^nebnported wines into Great Britain, fha!l be allowed on any fort of wine (hall beallow-intended for the ufe of admirals, captains, or other commilfioncd ed on wine for officers employed in his Majefty’s fervice for their aCfual con- th* ftore8 of fumption on board fuch ot his Majefty’s (hips as they (hall ferve bm^his^la-
                                   3 F 2                    - /         in, jefty’* (hip».
           Go gk 7             '•                                       NEW YORK pi.jR1^. r
                                               804 Anno regni quadragefimo quintoGeorgii III. c.46. [1805.
              in, in like manner, and under the like provilions and reftriftions, as drawbacks of any former duties paid on the importation of wines into Great Britain are directed to be allowed by the faid recited aft of the thirty-third year aforefaid, and the faid ieveral afts fubfequent thereto.
                                    CAP. XLVI.
              An       acito continue, until the end of the next fejjion of , and
                amend an ail, made in the forty-third year of his        Majejiy,
                for appointing commijfioners to inquire and examine into any
                         gularities, frauds., or abufee which are or have been by
                       perfons employed in the Jeveral naval departments therein tioned.—[June 5, 1805.J
              WHEREAS an ail was made in the forty-third year of the
                     reign of his prefent M, , An aft for appointing commiflioners to inquire and examinft into any irregularities, frauds, or abufes, which are or have been praftifed by perfons employed in the feveral naval departments therein mentioned, and in the bufinefs of prize agency ; and to report fucb obferva-tions as (hall occur to them for preventing fuch it regularities, frauds, and abufes, and for the better conducting and managing the bufinefs of the faid departments, and of prize agency ia future, which was to continue in force for the of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next fejfum of parliament: and whereas it is expedient, that the faid aH Jhould be continued and amendedj be it therefore enabled by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid aft fhall be and the fame is hereby continued from the expiration thereof until the end of the next leflion of parliament.
   II.                 Provided always, and be it further enafted. That nothing in the faid aft contained (hall be conftrued to compel the faid commiflioners to,inquire into any abufes, frauds, or irregularities that have exifted, and no longer exift, in any of the departments or offices therein named, in fuch cafes as may not appear to them to require it: provided alfo, that it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners to enquire into all matters concerning the royal hofpital at Greenwich, as fully as if it had been included among the offices and departments enumerated in the laid aft, and alfo into any profits made, or any fums or balances of pub-lick money in the hands or cuftody of any perfon or perfons belonging to any of the faid offices or departments, either by fuch peiTon or any other perfon or perfons in his or iheir behalf; and that any fuch perfon who (hall negleft or refufe to appear appear before before the faid commiflioners, or any three of them, or to bring commifiion- or produce any accounts, books, papers, writings, or records, ers, or refuting relating to any fuch fums, balances, or profits aforefaid, that to anfwer (hall     her, or their pofleflion, cuftody, or power, and
 n:r °n which he, fhe, or they (hall have been required,by any fummons may be com* and the faid aft to produce, or (hall refufe to be fworn, or being mitted.        .                            _                             quakers
 Recited aft continued until the end of next feffion.
 But not to compel com* miflioners to inquire into abufes which no longer exilt.
 Inquiry may be made into the affairs of Greenwich hofpital, Sec.
 Perfons neg-lefting to

 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.47. 805
 quakers fhall refute to affirm, or being fworn, or being quakers having affirmed, (hall refufe to anfwer to and before the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, any queftion on oath or affirmation, touching or concerning any matter or thing relating to any fuch fum, balance, or profits aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid com* miffioners, or any three of them, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered to make and iiTue their warrant or warrants, • under their hands and feals, or under the hands and feats of any three of them, for taking and apprehending any fuch perfon or perfons, and committing him, her, or them to fuch prifon as the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, fhall think fit, there to remain without bail or tnainprize until he, fhe, or they fhall fubmit to be examined touching and concerning all matters and things neceffary for the execution of the powers given by the faid ad, or to make fuch produdion as aforefaid, as the cafe may be.
   III.   Provided always, and be it further enabled. That no But no perfon perfon fhall be compellable to anfwer any queftion, or to produce ^com" any account, book, paper, or writing, the anfwer to which, or criminate
 the produdion of which, may criminate or tend to criminate himfelf. fuch perfon, or to expofe fuch perfon to any pains or penalties.
   IV.            And whereas it is expedient to make provifton for bringing perfons detained in tuflody, under civil or criminal procejiy to he examined before the commiffioners hcrein-befort named, touching fuch matters and things as are neceffary for the execution of the powers
 vefted in them by this a£t\ be it therefore further enaded, That, Habeas cor-frorri and after the palling of this ad, it fhall be lawful for any pus may judge of his Majefty’s courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas refpedively, or for any baron of his Majefty’s court of iJJn* Exchequer of the degree of the coif, at his difcrction, to award a cuftody in writ or writs of habeas corpus for bringing any prifoner or pri- England to foneTS detained in any gaol or prifon in that part of the United Kingdom called England before the commiffioners herein-before mjflionej-s. * named, or any three of them, to be by them examined touching the matters and things aforefaid.
                      CAP. XLVII.
 An aSI to appoint commiffioners to inquire and examine into the pullick expenditure, and the conduit of publick       ,    the military
   departments therein mentioned; and to report Juch obfervations as Jhall occur to them for correiiing or preventing any abufes and gularities y andfor the better conducting and managing the bufmefs of the faid departments j to continue in force for two , and from thence until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the then next feffion of parliament.—[June 5, 1805.]
 WHEREAS it is expedient to appoint commiffioners to inquire and examine into the publick expenditure and the conduit of publick bufmefs in the departments herein-after       ,   and to
 report fuch obfervations as fhall occur to         th, for or pre-
                                                         venting
                                          Co
8o6 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgti III. c. 47. [1805.
Commiflion-ers appointed to inveftigate regulations of commiflioners of public k accounts and committee of publick expenditure.
To inquire into the ex-, penditure and conduft of the offices of ordnance, fe-cretary at ■war, &c. and to report.
                venting any abufes or irregularities that may exijl               , and for tht
                better conducing and managing the buftnefs of the faid                        ,
                and on the means of enfuring a prompt and regular auditing of publick accounts: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That major-general Hildebrand Oakes, colonel                  Frederick Beckwith,lieutenant-colonel "John
                water, Samuel Compton Cox, efquire, Giles , efquire, Henry Peters, efquire, and Charles                    elquire, (hall be and
                are hereby conftituted and appointed commiflioners for carrying into execution the purpofes aforefaid, and to examine into and inveftigate how far the regulations recommended by the com-miftioners appointed under an a£t parted in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and feveral fubfequent a£fs, to examine and ftate the publick accounts and other matters relating thereto, and by the feleft committee of the houfe of commons appointed in the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-feven, to examine into the publick expenditure, have been carried into execution; and whether any other regulations, or any alterations and amendments in any that have been heretofore adopted, may conduce to the publick benefit; and fuch commiflioners (hall report upon and ftate the fame to bis Majefty and both houfes of parliament.
                   II. And be it further enacted, That fuch commiflioners (hall alfo inquire and examine into the publick expenditure and conduct of publick bufinefs in the feveral offices and -departments herein-atter mentioned ; (that is to fay) in the office of ordnance; the office of the fecretary at war, including the mode of ifluing fubflftence, cloathing, and all other neceflariesand allowances to hisMajeftv’s forces; and in the offices of adjutant, quartermafter, and barrackmafter general refpe£ively; and in the office of the commiflariat; and in the royal hofpital at                 , and the royal
                military college, and the royal military afylum, and the medical department; and alfo what balances are ftill remaining in the hands of any publick accountants in any of the faid departments or offices, and whether any and what abufes or irregularities exift, and in any fuch cafes as appear to them to require it, whether any or what abufes or irregularities have exifted in any of fuch offices or departments; or have been pra&ifed or committed by any perfon or perfons that now are or have been concerned in managing, conducing, or tranfa£ling the buftnefs of any of the faid offices or departments, or been in any manner employed therein; and (hall report upon and ftate the fame to his Majefty and both houfes of parliament, and alfo report on the moft effe&ual means of remedying the fame; and generally fhall report on the ftate and management of the faid offices and departments, and fuggeft any fuch regulations for the better carrying on the publick fervice therein as may appear to them conducive to the publick intereft; and they (hall alfo inquire ,                                                                          into


 [
 t
 >
 I
 I
 »
 I
 \
 I
 I.
 I
 I
 ?
 t
 V
 i\
 I
 :•
 t-
 i'
 ►
 *
 K
 I
 ►
 J
 *
 .
 I
 *
 I
 i
 >
 !
 |
 P
 <*
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. 0:47., 807
 into and (late any delays that have arifen in the examining and auditing the publick expenditure, under an a£t pafled in the twenty-ficth year of the reign of his prefcnt Majefty, and into the mode of conducing publick bufinefs in the office of the commiffioners appointed under the faid adt, and fugged any regulations that may appear to them mod effectual for enfuring a prompt and regular auditing of all publick accounts in future.
    III.     Provided always, and be it further enadted, That nothing Commiflion-in this a£t contained lhali be condrued to compel the faid com- cr* no* c°m-midioners to inquire into any abufes, frauds, or irregularities ^jreitfto that have exided and no longer exid in any of the departments abufcs that no or offices herein named, in fuch cafes as may not appear to them longer exift. j to require it.
    IV.            And whereas the                     commiffioners appointed to examine certain
 publick expenditures in the Wed Indies, have proceeded in the execution of their duty to invefligate the fame, and have reported thereon to the      commijftoners of the Treafury : and whereas it has been afcertained
 by the faid       commijftoners, under the faid lafi recited that great
 abufes have exifled and great frauds have been committed in the expenditure of the publick money in the Wed Indies: and whereas it is highly neceffary that regulations Jhould be adopted for the prevention     the'means
 fuch abufes in future \ be it therefore enabled. That the com-of preventing midioners under this aid (hall, and they are hereby required to abufes and take into confederation all fuch abufes and frauds, and the reports ur of made thereon; and to afcertain and report to his Majedy and pubiic^mo-both houfes of parliament, the bed and mod effectual regulations ney in the and checks for the prevention thereof in future.                       Weft Indies.
    V.    And be it further enaCted, That for the better execution Commiffion-
 of this prefent aid, the commiffioners herein-before named, orer?tomcct any three of them, are hereby authorifed to meet and fit from and *0” time to time in fuch place or places within the cities of              fena precepts
 and         IVeflnnnfler, or elfewhere within the United Kingdom, as for perfons,
 they fhall find mod convenient, with or without adjournment, papers, and and to fend their precept or precepts, under their hands and
 Zeals, or under the hands and feals of any three of them, for any perfon or perfons whomfoever, and for fuch books, papers, writings, or records relating to any of the offices or departments herein-before mentioned, or to any contraids, dealings, or transitions which may have taken place with the faid offices or departments, as fhall be neceflary for carrying into execution the purpofes of this at; all which perfons are hereby required and dire&ed punctually to attend the faid commiffioners at fuch time and times, place and places as fhall be by them appointed ; and fuch perfons as (hall fo be fent for (hall have fuch cods and charges as the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, (hall think fit.                                                             *
    VI.      And, for the rendering more eff all fuch examinations as are intended to be bad under this afl, be it enaCted, Commiflion-That it (hall be lawful for the faid commiffioners, or any three of ers to examine them, and they are hereby authorifed and required, to examine °n
 upon oath or affirmation of perfons being quakers (which oath or
                                                             affirmation
CjO
 ginal fror
 PUBLIC
                                         I
 Pcrfons neglecting to at
 anfwer quef-tk>n«, may be committed.
 808 Annoregni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 47. [1805.
 affirmation they, or any three of them, are hereby authorifed to adminifter) all perfons whom they (hall find occafion to call before them to be examined touching all matters and thirfgs neccf-fary for the execution of the powers vefted in them by this a£t.
   VII.                And be it further enadted, That if any perfon or perfons fummoned to appear before the (aid comn.iflioners, or any three duce ac-° Pr°" t^cm’ willfully negledt or refufc to appear before the counts,"or f»'d commiflior.ers, or any three of them, or to bring or produce refuting to be any accounts, books, papers, writings, or records relating to any fworn, or to of the faid offices or departments, or to any contracts, dealings, or tranfadtions with the faid offices or departments, or any of them that (hall be in his, her, or their pofTeifion, cuftody, or power, and which he, fhc, or they fhall have been required by fitch fummons to produce, or fhall refufe to be fworn, or being quakers fhall refufe to affirm, or being fworn or being quakers having affirmed (hall refufe to anfwer to and before the faid com* miflioners, or any three of them, any queftion on oath or affirmation touching or concerning any thing relating to the feveral offices or departments above-mentioned, or any contracts, dealings, or tranfa&ions with them or any of them, or any profit made on any fums or balances of publick money in the cuftody of any perfon or perfons belonging to any of the faid offices or departments, either by fuch perion or perfons, or by any perfon or perfons or Hs or their behalf, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall be lawful the faid commiflioners, or any three of them, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered to make and iflue their warrant or warrants under their hands and feals, or under the hands and feals of any three of them, for taking and apprehending any fuch perfon or perfons, and committing him, her, or them to fuch prifon, as the faid commiflioners, or any three of them, fhall think fit, there to remain without bail or mainprixe •                   until he, fhe, or they fhall fubmit to be examined touching and
             concerning all matters and things neceffary for the execution of the powers given by this aft, or to make fuch production as But no perfon gforefaid, as the cafe may be.
 pdlable to™* VIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no anfwer any perfon fhall be compellable to anCwer any queftion or to produce queflion or any account, book, paper, or writing, the anfwer to which or the ^ers which* production of which may criminate or tend to criminate fuch may criminate Per^on» or to expofe fuch perfon to any pains or penalties, himfelf.       IX.                      And whereas it is expedient to make for bringing
             perfons detained in cuftody under civil or criminal  to be examined before the commijftoners                     touching           fuch
 A writ of matters and things as are necejfary for the execution of tht powers habeas corpus vtjled in them by this a£l; be it therefore further enacted. That, may be award- from and after the paffing of this act, it fhall be lawful for any edforbringing judge of bis Majefty’s courts of King’s Bench and Common PJeas cuftody in refpeCiively, or for any baron of his Majefty’s court of Exchequer England be- of the degree of the coif, at his diferetion to award a writ or writs of habeas corpus, for bringing any prifoner or prifoners, detained in any gaol or prifon in that part of the United Kingdom called
                                                                                                            England,
 fore the com-miifioncrs to be examined.
 
1805.] Anno rcgni quadragefimoquinto Georgii IIL c. 47.                09
Ettflandy before the commiffioners herein-before named, or any three of them, to be by them examined, touching the matters ana things aforefaid.
   X.     And be it further enadled, That the faid commiflioners Commiflion-named in this adt, before they enter upon the execution of the er*to be fame, ffiall take an oath before the chancellor of the exchequer,
or before the matter of the rolls for the time being (which oath they and each of them are and is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter) the tenor whereof fhall be as followeth; (that is to fay),
* T       A. B.do fwear, That according to the beft of my fkill and
                                                       X knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the feveral powers and trutts vetted in me by an adt, intituled.
An a£l far \kert infert the title of the afi]f according to the tenor and purport of the faid adt.’
   XI.    And be it further enadled, That in cafe any perfon or per- Perfons giving fons, upon examination upon oath, or being quakers upon affir- falje evidence mation, before the faid commiffioners or any three of them ^jury C refpedlively, as before-mentioned, (hall wilfully and corruptly
give falfe evidence, every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly convidted, fhall be and is hereby declared to be fub-jedt and liable to fuch pains and penalties as by any law now in force perfons convidted of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubjedl and liable to.
   XII.    And be it further enadled. That in cafe of a vacancy or How vacan. vacancies, by death or relignation of any one or more of the faid £ies are tQbe commiffioners, during the continuance of this adt, it ffiall be law- ed UP* ful for his Majetty to nominate and appoint fuch perfon or perfons, not being a member or members of the houfe of commons, as he may think proper, to fupply fuch vacancy or vacancies v and that every perfon fo nominated and appointed, having
taken the oath of office above-mentioned, ffiall be held and con-fidered to be invetted with all the fame powers as are delegated to the commiffioners appointed by this adt, in wbofe room fuch perfon is fo nominated.                                          Commit
   XIII.  And be it further enadled. That no perffin appointed a a'nydvH office
commiffioner by this adt ffiall accept of or hold any civil office of profit dur« of profit during pleafure from or under his Majetty during the ing bis M.i-continuance of this act.                                     jdty’8 Plca- ,
   XIV.     And be it further enadled, That the faid commiffioners commiffion-fhall be and they or any three or more of them are hereby au- m mayap_ thorifed to appoint and employ fuch clerks, meffengers, and point clerks officers as they fhall think meet, and to give to every of the faid wh° re” clerks and officers an oath for his true and faithful demeanour in as'the*" all things relating to the due performance of the truft repofed in commiffioners him by the faid commiffioners, and in all other things touching (hall direct, the premifes ; which clerks and officers are liereby required faithfully to execute and perform the (aid truft in them feverally and refpeftivety repofed, without taking any thing for fuch their fer-
                                                       vice other than fuch falary or reward as the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, ffiall think fit to diredt and appoint in that
                                                                                                             behalf;
     Co gle
Limitation of aftions.
 810 AnnoregniquadragefimoquintoGioRGii III. c.48. [1805.
           behalf j and the lords commiflioners of theTreafury, or lord high-treafurer for the time being* arc hereby authorifed and required to iflue and caufe to be paid any fums of money not exceeding two thoufand pounds to fuch perfon or perfons as the faid com-mifiioners, or any three of them, fhall by writing under their hands defire or dire<5T, out of the confolidated fund of Great Britain; which fums fo iflued and paid (hall be employed for the payment of clerks, meflingers, and other officers, and in defraying all other neceflary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this aft, and in fuch manner, and in fuch proportions as {hall be appointed by the faid commiflioners, or any three of them, by writing under their hands and Teals in that behalf; the fame to be accounted for by the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be iflued or paid according to the courfe of his Majefty’s Exchequer, without any fees or other charges to be taken or demanded for the ifluing and payment of the fame, on thepafling of the faid accounts, other than fuch fum as the faid commiflioners, or any three of them, fhall appoint.
             XV.     Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That no a&ion (hall be brought againft any of the faid commiflioners, or any other perfon or perfons whomfoever, for any matter or thing whatfoever done or committed under or by virtue or in the execution of this aft, unlefs fuch aftion (hall be brought within fix calendar months next after the doing or committing of fuch
          / matter or thing: provided alfo, that if anv aftion or fuit (hall be hereafter commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons . for any matter or thing done under, by virtue, or in the execution c-f this a#, fuch perfon or perfons may plead the general iflue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff fhall become nonfuited, or fuffer difcontinuance,'T)r forbear further profecution, or if judgement fhall be given for the defendant or defendants, fuch defendant or defendants fhall recover treble cofts, for which he, (he, or they (hall have the like remedy as where cofts by law are given to defendants.
             XVI.    And be it further enaftqd, That this act may be altered, amended, or repealed by any aft or afts to be made in this feflion of parliament.
             XVII.    And be it further enabled, That this aft fhall continue in force for the fpacc of two years, and from thence until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the then next feflion of parliament.
General iflue,
Treble cofts.
Aft maybe altered or re-
Eriled this Tion. Continuance ofaft.
                             CAP. XLVIII.
           An aft for appointing commiflioners for putting into execution an aft of this feflion of parliament for continuing and granting to his Majefly a duty on penlions, offices, and perfonal eftates in England, and certain duties on fugar, malt, tobacco, and fnufFin Great Britain, for the fer-vice of the year one thoufand eight hundred and five ; and an aft made in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Maiefty, for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land-tax to be raifed in Great Britain for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight.—[June 5> 1805.]
                                                                                               CAP.

     I
      1805.] Ahno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 811 i                           CAP. XLIX.
      An aft to repeal certain parts of an aft, made in the forty-third year
        of his              prefent Afajejly, for granting a contribution on the profits
               arifing from property, profeffions, tradeand offices; and to date,and render more effectual, the provifions for     thefaid
        duties.—[June 5, 1805.]

      WHEREAS by an aft, paffid in •     th forty-third year of his
             prefent              Majefiy’s reign, intituled, An aft tor granting to his 43 G. 3-c.m.
      Majefty, until the fixth day of May next after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, a contribution on the profits arifing from property, profeffions, trades, and offices; it was that during the term therein mentioned, there Jhall be collefted, and     paid, throughout Great Britain, the duties and
      contributions contained in the fchedules of the faid 7, marked (A.)
      (B.) (C.) (D.) and (E.) which duties are as j videlicet,
                           SCHEDULE (A.)
      __ #
      For all lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, there fhall Duties by
        be charged throughout Great Britain, in refpedt of the pro- f°rmcr a<^*
        perty thereof, for every twenty (hillings of the annual value
        thereof, the (urn of one (hilling :
                           SCHEDULE (B.)
      For all dwelling-houfes, lands, tenements, or hereditaments in England, Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed,there fhall be charged in relpedt of the occupation thereof, for every twenty (hillings of the annual value thereof, th^ fum of nine-pence:
      For all dwelling-houfes, lands, tenements, or heritages, in Scotland, there (hall be charged in refpedl of the occupation thereof, for every twenty (hillings of the annual value thereof, the fum of fixpence:
                           SCHEDULE (C.)
      Upon all profits arifing from annuities, dividends, and (hares of annuities, payable' to any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, companies or focieties, whether corporate or not corporate, out of any publick revenue, there (hall be charged for every twenty (hillings of the annual amount thereof, the fum of one (hilling without dedudiion:
                           SCHEDULE (D.)
      Upon the annual profits or gains, arifing or accruing to any perfon or perfons refiding in Great B, from any kind of property whatever, whether fituate in Great Britain or elfe- • where, or from any profeffion, trade, or vocation, whether the fame (hall be refpedUvely carried on in Great Britain or elfe-
                                                             where.
Go glc
■OF
UBI
 LIB
813 Anno regni quadragefitno quinto Gsorcii III.c. 49. [1805,
                   where, there fhall be charged for every twenty (hillings of the amount of fuel) profits or gains, the yearly fum of one (hilling.
                 And upon the annual profits or gains, arifing or accruing to any perfon or perfons whatever, whether fubjeds of his Majefty or not, although not refident within Great         , from any
                   property whatever in Great       , or  anv profeflion, trade,
                   employment, or vocation, exercifed within Great there (nail be charged for every twenty (hillings of the amount of fuch profits or gams, the yearly fum of one (hilling ;
                                          SCHEDULE (E.)
                  Upon every publick office or employment of profit; and upon every annuity, penfton, or ftipend payable by his Majefty, or out of the publick revenue of Great             , except annuities
                     before charged to the duties in fchedule (C.) for every twenty (hillings of the annual value thereof refpedively, there (hall be charged the fum of one (hilling:
                     And whereas it is expedient that the faid recited duties , from the time kerein-after limited,                      and , under
                                the provifions of this    aft:may it therefore pleafe your Majefty
                  that it may be enaded; and be it enacted by the King’s raoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia-Regulations of mcnt aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That upon all former ad    aflefTments of the faid recited duties to be made for any year,
     difeontinuedj commencing after the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five, the following rules, regulations, penalties, claufes, matters, and things, (hall be obferved, pradifed, and carried into execution ; and all the powers, provifions, rules, regulations, claufes, matters, and things contained in the faid recited ad for the raiGng, levying, and paying the faid duties, (hall refpedively ceafe and determine; fave and except always as to the recovering, paying, and accounting for any arrears of the faid duties, which, on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five, {hall have been aflefled by virtue of the laid ted ted ad, and of the feveral ads herein-after mentioned, and which (hall then remain unpaid or not accounted for; and the faid arrears fhall be and continue to be recoverable, paid, and accounted for, by virtue of the faid feveral ads refpedively, any thing before, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.
   II.                 And be it further enaded. That the faid recited duties, England to be arifing in England', Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, (ball be af-afieUed under fe(Ted, raifed, levied, and colleded under the regulations of an tion^of ad a<^ Pa^e^ 'n forty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign,
     43 G. 3. c. 99       .forconfolidating certain of the provifions contained in any aft or acts
                  relating to the duties under the management of the commijjioners for the affairs tf taxes, and for amending the      and the faid recited du-
     In Scotland ties, arifing in Scotland, (hall be a Hefted, raifed, levied, and col-under ad leded under the regulations of an ad palled in the fame feffion of 43  • 3*c* iso- parliament, for confolidating certain of the provifions contained in any
                  aft or afts relating to the duties under the management of the commijjioners for the affairs of tax, andfor amending the faid afts fo far
                                                                                                                               as
 except as to arrears.
 The duties in
  

     1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.               813
     as relate to Scotland; and all and every the powers, authorities. Powers of laid methods, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, to be and things, contained in fuch aCts, (except where other provifions rcipeftive° * ? are made in this a£t) (hall be feverally and refpeCtively duly ob- mrlg of Great fcrved, practifed, and put in execution throughout the refpe&ive Britain, parts of Great Britain as aforefaid, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpoles as if the fame powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-cnaCted in the body of this aCt, and refpeCtively applied to fuch parts of Great Britain as aforefaid; and all and every the regulations of fuch aCts, except as aforefaid, (hall be applied, construed, deemed, and taken to refer to this aCt, in like manner as if the fame had been enacted therein; and the faid feveral duties fo levied, (hall be under the direction and management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes for the time being, appointed or to be appointed by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors.
       III.    And whereas difficulties have arifen in charging the faid recited duties on the fr all tonal parts of the profits or gams charged by the
     faid recited ad; be it further enaCted, That upon every fractional Charging du-part of twenty (hillings, of the annual profits or gains aforefaid, |!es °.n frac‘ the like proportion of duty, at the rate before recited, (hall be tl0na ^at 8‘ charged; provided no rate of duty (hall be charged of a lower denomination than one penny.
       IV.  And whereas it is expedient to appoint commiffioners for the
     general purpofes of this ad* from and amongft the perfons appointed commiffioners for the execution of an ad, paffed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly,                     in, An a«5t for grant-
     ing an aid to his Majefty, by a land-tax to be railed if) Great
      Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, to ad in the execution of this ad, fo far as relates to the powers hereby vefted in fuch commiffioners ; be it further CommifCon-enaCted, That the feveral perlons appointed, or to be appointed er8 for.tlie to be commiffioners for putting in execution the faid land-tax thJa^tVbe ad, in the refpe&ive parts of Great Britain therein mentioned, chofen from being refpeCtively qualified to aCt as commiffioners in the execu- the commif-tion of the faid aCt, (hall meet at fuch place within each county, Goners ofland-(hire, or ftewartry, and within each riding of York and divifion ^meeting*”
      Lincoln, and within each city, borough, cinque port, town, and convened bv place, for which they are refpeCtively appointed commiffioners of (heriffs. the faid land-tax aCt, as (hall have been the ufual and common place of holding the general meetings of commiffioners under the (aid land-tax a£t; or if fuch general meeting (hall not have been ufually held in any fuch county, riding, divifion, (hire, ftewartry, city, borough, cinque port, town, or place, then at the ufual place where the quarter felfions (hall be ufually held therein, in the week after the dofe of Eafter, or next after Eafter in every year; which meetings (hall be convened by the refpeClive (heriffs of counties in England and Wales* and by the refpe&ive fherifTs depute or fubftitute of counties or (hires in     , 3nd by the
     tefpe&ivc chief magiftrates of all boroughs, cinque ports, towns,
                                                                and
            Co gle :■                                       NEKroRKi9PUBUcUI
 I
 fioncrs,
                                      814 Anno rcgni quadragcfimo quintoGEORcii III. C.49. [1805.
           and places in Great Britain, and,(hall be held between the firft day of March and the fifth day of April yearly, in every year, after notice given to fuch officers by the commiflioners for the affairs Manner oF of taxes; and at each fuch general meeting the faid commiflioners choofing a6t- of land-tax, or the major part of them then prefent, fhall choofe ing commit an(j fet (jovvn jn writing the names of fuch of the commiflioners appointed as aforcfaid, who fhall refpe&ively be qualified as herein-after is required, and who (hall be fit and proper to a<St in the feveral hundreds, rapes, lathes, wapentakes, or wards, within the faid counties, ridings, or (hires, ftewartries, or diviiions, or in the feveral parifhes or wards of the faid cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places within the fame, obferving always in forming fuch diftri£ts the fame limits which fhall have been fettled tor the diftri&s under the faid land-tax a<ft; and the names of fuch perfons who fhall be fo chofen, fhall be fet down in the order in which the major part of the commiflioners then prefent fhall judge fit they fhould refpe&ively be appointed commiflion-ers in their refpedtive diftri&s, and any feven, or any lefs number than feven not being in any cafe lefs than three, of the perfons fo fet down, and in the order in which they (hall be fo fet down, in fuch lift, fhall be commiflioners for the general purpofes of this a&, and of the duties granted by the faid recited a<5t, and they are hereby required to take upon themlelves the execution of this a& as aforefaid, and of the faid duties, as fuch commiflioners for general purpofes; and any feven, or any lefs number than feven not being in any cafe lefs than three, of the perfons fo fet down next in order to the lift of names before-mentioned, fhall be commiflioners to fupply vacancies as the fame may arife, in the manner herein-after mentioned: provided always, that if the commiflioners appointed as herein is firft mentioned, fhall not find amongft themfelves, and fet down the perfons refid- names °f feven perfons to a<ft, and feven others to fupply vacan-ingin the dif-cies for each diftrift, within fuch county, riding, divifion, (hire, tri<ft may be ftewartry, city, liberty, or place, it fhall be lawful for them to appoint any perfon or perfons refiding within fuch diftridt, who fhall refpe&ively be qualified as herein-after is required, and who in their judgement fhall be fit and proper perfons to be commiflioners for the purpofes aforefaid, until the number of feven in each fuch lift (hall be completed, although fuch perfons fhall not have been appointed to aci as commiflioners in the execution of the faid land-tax a<5t: provided alfo, that if at fuch meeting the commiflioners fhall not find and fet down fourteen perfons of the deferiptions before-mentioned to alt as commiflioners, and to fupply vacancies in each fuch diftrift, it (hall be lawful for them to feledt fuch number of perfons as fhall be requifite, from the perfons adfing in or for any adjoining or neighbouring diftridf of the fame county, riding, divifion, (hire, ftewartry, city, town, or place, in order that there fhall be no failure in the execution of this a<ft as aforefaid; and the names of fuch refpe&ive perfons who fhall have been fo chofen as aforefaid, fhall be tranfmitted to the tax-office in the order in which they fhall have been fet down
                                                                                                   in
 and for fup-plying vacancies.
 For want of
 land-tax
 commiffion-
 namedj
 or from adjoining dif-tridts.
Go gle
 1805.3 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 815
 in fuch lifts: .provided always, that where feven perfons qualified None other to as herein-after is required, (hall be chofen to ad as commilfioners a<it* for any diftrid as aforefaid, no other perfon (hall interfere as a commillioner in the execution of this ad, fo long as fuch feven perfons (hall continue to ad, except in the diftrids herein-after mentioned: provided alfo, that where any commiflioner or com- With powers milfioners appointed to execute the faid ad of the forty-third year to commif-of his prefent Majefty, for granting the faid recited duties, and fioner^before ading as fuch at and immediately before the palling of this ad, continue to (hall (ignify to fuch meeting, either perfonally or by writing, his ad. or their confent to continue to ad as fuch commiflioner or com-miflioners, then and in fuch cafe the faid commiflioners of land-tax prefent at fuch meeting, (hall be confined at fuch meeting to the appointment of fuch and fo many perfons to be commiflioners for the purpofes of this and the faid recited ad, or to fupply vacancies, as (hall be neceflary to complete the number required by this ad, above the number fo confenting to ad as aforefaid:
    provided alfo, that fuch general meetings as aforefaid, (hall and Time of hold-may for the prefent year be holden at any time before the tenth inS the firft day of October next after the pafling of this ad.                 meeting.
       V.   And whereas the diftriSl of Bedlingtonlhire,        in the The diftrift of
    eounty of Northumberland, near to Morpeth Ward in the fail Bedlington-
         county, is part of the county palatine of Durham, and bath hitherto been charged together with Chefter Ward, in the faid , to the Qf Morpeth great inconvenience of the inhabitants thereof; be it further enaded. Ward in Nor-I That upon all afleflments to be made under this ad, the faid thumberland. diftrid of                  Bedlingtonjhire (hall be charged under this ad as part of
    Morpeth Ward,, in the faid county of                      provided
    that any perfon or perfons refiding in the faid diftrid of
         tonjbire, being duly qualified according to this ad, may ad as a commiflioner or commiflioners, together with the commiflioners chofen and ading for Morpeth Ward aforefaid, in all matters and things relating to Bedlingtonjhire.
       VI.  And be it further enaded. That if in any county, riding, In default of
 |  or divifion, or any city, town, or place, any default (hall happen nera/nveetfn *
 *  in holding fuch general meeting for any year, then and in every
    fuch cafe the commiflioners already appointed under the faid re- fioners may cited ad or this ad, and ading as fuch immediately before and continue to at the time when fuch meeting ought to be held, (hall and may father's'* continue to ad as fuch commilfioners without any new appoint- poimmcntl ment, and it (hall be lawful for them to fupply any vacancies then exifting in fuch manner as they are hereby authorifed to fill up vacancies.
       VII.     And be it further enaded, That, when any one or more How vacan-of the commiflioners for the purpofes of this ad (hall die, or de- cie3 ,,e t3 be cline to ad, or having begun to ad, (hall decline to ad any ruPP1,<:d* further therein, then and in every fuch cafe, the remaining commiflioners (hall choofe one or more of the perfon or perfons on
    the lift to fupply vacancies, who (hall be appointed the commiflioner or commiflioners in the place of the commiflioner or commiflioners fo refuting or declining to ad or dying, provided
the
                                         Co
 Within certain places other com-miflioners
816 Anno regnt quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1805,
   the perfon To to be appointed (hall have been chofen to fupply fuch vacancy in the fame manner as the perfon fo refufing or declining to aft or dying; and the feveral commiflioners of land-tax (hall, at fuch their general meetings, as often as occaGon (hall require, feled and add new names to the perfons before chofen to fupply vacancies, who (hall refpe&ively be a commiflioner or com-tniflioners for the purpofes of this a<5t, as and when any fuch vacancy (hall happen: provided always, that if the lid for (applying vacancies, to be made and renewed as aforefaid, (hall at any time be defe&ive, fo that the due number of commiflioners cannot be fuppiied therefrom, the fame (hall be filed up and renewed from time to time by the acting commiflioners for the diftrift where fuch failure (hall have happened, until fuch general meeting (hall be held as aforefaid.
     VIII.          Provided always, and be it further enacted. That within and for each of the cities and towns herein-after mentioned, oners          videlicet,          London,    Brijlol, Exet, Hull, , Nor-
may biTchofen        tvieh, Birmingham, Liverpool, Leeds, Manchester, King’s Lynn, and
                                     In addition. Great Yarmouth, it (hall be lawful for the perfons herein-after to aft with the mentioned to choofe eight perfons to be commiflioners, and eight commiflioners perfons to fupply their vacancies, to a<ft together with the perfons erore c en. cjj0fen or appointed, or to be chofen as before directed, eight of whom (hall be chofen to a& as commiflioners, and eight others to fupply vacancies as herein dire&ed, in each fuch city and town ;
In London, and that in and for the city of London two commiflioners, and two to fupply their vacancies, (hall be named by the mayor and aldermen of London, out of eight perfons, four of whom (hall be aldermen, to be returned to them by the common council; two other commiflioners, and two to fupply their vacancies, by the governor and directors of the bank of England; one other commiflioner, and one other to fupply his vacancy, by each of the companies herein-after mentioned, videlicet; the directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, the governor and directors of the South Sea Company, the governor and directors of the Royal Exchange Infurance Company, and the governor and directors of the London Aflurance Company and that it (hall and may be lawful for the magiftrates and juftices In Norwich, of the peace a&ing in and for the city of Norwich, to choofe eight perfons to be commiflioners, and eight perfons to fupply their vacancies, not more than four of the faid eight commi(Goners, and not more than four of the faid eight perfons to fupply their vacancies, to be chofen from out of the faid magiftrates and juftices, and the remaining four commiftioners, and four perfons to fupply their vacancies, to be chofen from the inhabitants of the faid city; and in and for each of the other cities and towns before-mentioned, it (hall be lawful for the magiftrates and juftices of the peace afting in and for the faid city or town, or the county, riding, diviGon, (hire, or ftewartry where the faid city or town is Gtuate, to choofe eight perfons to be commiftioners, and eight perfons to fupply their vacancies, as herein is mentioned j and the perfons fo chofen .by rhe commiflioners appointed as
                                                                                             aforefaid.
 Other cities and towns.

 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.          817
 aforefaid, together with the other perfons refpedtively chofen as herein is particularly directed, lhall be commidioners for the purpofes of this adt, and to fupply their vacancies as the fame may arife, within and for the fcveral diftridts in which fuch cities and towns refpedtively (hall be fituate, or which (hall be formed by fuch cities and towns refpedtively, and for fuch other places which have ufually been affelTed in the fame diftridt with fuch cities and towns refpedtively towards the aid by a land-tax ; and the names of all perfons fo chofen as laft aforefaid, (hall be returned to the commidioners for the affairs of taxes.
    IX.    Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That for the Commifflon-city of London one perfon (hall and may be chofen to adt as a ere from Weft
 commiflioner therein, and one other to fupply his vacancy, by and .
    , r \         •  .                              c • , . , ■ London Dock
 each of the companies herein-after mentioned ;     , the   di- Companies
 redlors for conducing and managing the affairs and bufinefs of
 the      Weft India Dock Company and London Dock Company
 refpedtively for the time being ; and the perfon fo chofen as laft
 aforefaid, (hall be added to the other commidioners chofen for
 the faid city, and (hall, together with fuch other commidioners,
 be commidioners for the purpofes of the faid recited adt and this
 adt, and to fupply their vacancies as the fame may arife, within
 and for the faid city, and their names (hall be returned in like
 manner: provided always, that the perfons already named by
 the refpedtive corporations, companies, and perfons aforefaid, in
 purfuance of the faid recited adt, and adting as commidioners at
 the time of pading of this act, (hall continue to be commidioners
 for the purpofes of the faid recited adt and this adt, fo long as fuch
 perfons are willing to adt therein, without any new appointment.
    X.  Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That incafethere Where fuffi-
 fhall not be a fufficient number of commidioners chofen or ap- £'ent commif. pointed for the purpofes of the faid recited adt and this adt, or to for
 fupply vacancies, capable of acting according to the qualifica- cities and xion required by this adt, for any city, borough, town, or place, towns, the then and in every fuch cafe any perfon qualified to adt for the commiffioners county at large, or riding, (hire, or dewartry, in which or ad- may bechofcif Joining which fuch city, borough, town, or place, (hall be fituate,   *
 may be chofen to adt as a commiflioner for fuch city, borough,
 town, or place.                           *   »
    XI.     Provided always, and be it further enadted. That any Power to perfon redding in any county, riding, dividon, (hire, ftewartry, ^hoofe perfons city, town, or place, and qualided as herein; after mentioned, who a^hou!?h not * lhail be willing to adt as a commiflioner iri the execution of the named in faid adts, in any diitridt where a commiflioner or commidioners land-tax adt. (hall be wanting, may be chofen in manner aforelaid to be fuch commilfioncr, although fuch perfon (hall not have been appointed
 to adt in the execution of the faid land-tax adt; any thing before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.
    XII.     And be it further enadted. That if in any diitrict there CommifGoa-(hall be a neglect in appointing commidioners for the purpofes of ers of land-the faid adt and this adt, as hereby is diredted, or the commidion- ^ecutethe ers fo appointed (hall negledt or refute to ad, it (hall be lawful onnc&L&
      Vol. XLV.              3  a                *          for
         GO gle' ■.                                      .NEWYORKPUBUCL
818 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1805.
of choofing commiflion-crs.
 \
Commifiion-cra may appoint a clerk and atfiftant.
 Qualification of com mi f-fioner8 for counties in England*
\
1.
 for the commiflioners appointed to execute the faid land-tax aft, being refpeftively qualified as directed by this aft, and they and every of them, not in any cafe exceeding the number of feven, on notice of fuch neglect and want of appointment by any in-fpeftor or furveyor of the faid duties duly authorifed to give fuch notice by writing under the hands of three or more of the commiflioners for the affairs of raxes, fhall, and they are hereby ftriftly enjoined and required, to take upon themfelves the execution of this aft, and to do and execute all matters and things, which commiflioners chofen in purfuance of this aft are hereby required and empowered to do ; and if in any diftrift there fhall be a want of fuch laft-mentioned commiflioners, the commiflioners of any adjoining diftrift in the fame county, riding, or divi-fion, {hire or ftewartry, being refpeftively qualified, as direfted by this aft, fhall, on like notice as aforefaid, execute this aft as fuch commiflioners, hy themfelves, or in concurrence with any perfon or perfons willing to aft as commiflioners of the diftrift where this aft fhall require to be executed: provided always, that where commiflioners fhall not be appointed in each diflrift, and returned to the tax-office as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for the faid commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, to caufe fuch notices as aforefaid to be given to two or more of the perfons on whom the right of executing this aft fhall devolve, in purfuance of the directions of this aft before-mentioned.
   XIII.    And be it further enafted, That the commiflioners, to be appointed for the purpofes of this aft in manner aforefaid, fhall and may appoint a clerk, and afliftant if neceflary, for the duties to be afletfed by them in each diftrift, who fhall execute their office according to the regulations of this aft, and the afts herein-mentioned, refpeftively.
   XIV.  And be it further enacted. That no perfon to be ap-
 pointed as aforefaid, fhall be capable of afting as a commiflioner in execution of this aft, for any county at large within England (the county of Monmouth and the dominion of Wain excepted), or in or for any of the ridings of the county of , or the county or divifions of Limoln> or in or for the cities of London or Wtjhninjler, unlefs fuch perfon be feifed or poflefled of lands,, tenements, or hereditaments in Great      , of the value of
 two hundred pounds per annum or more, of his own eftate, being freehold, copyhold, or leafchold for a term whereof not lefs than feven years are unexpired, o’ver and above all ground rents, in-cumbrances,and refervations payable out of the fame refpeftively ; or unlefs fuch perfon fhall be poflefled of perfonal eftate of the value of five thoufand pounds ; or of perfonal eftate or an interefl therein producing an annual income of two hundred pounds; or of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and perfonal eftate or an intereft therein being together of the annual value of two hundred pounds, eftimating in every fuch cafe one hundred pounds perfonal eftate as equivalent to four pounds     ,  and an in-
 tereft from perfonal eftate of four pounds per annumf as equivalent to one,hundred pounds perfonal eftate; or unlefs fuch
   •                        *  »                       perfon
Go gle
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii HI. c. 49. 819
 perfon be the eldeft fon of fotne perfon, who (hall be feifed or poflefled of a like eftate of thrice the value or more, as is above required as the qualification of a commiflioner in right of his „
 Own eftate for fuch county at large, riding, or divifion.
   XV.    And be it further enalied, That no perfon (ball be In Mon«
 capable of a&ing as fuch commiflioner as laft aforefaid, for the mouth, county of       Monmouth, or for any  county in IValct, or (ot any and towns^*
 other city, town, or place, being a county of itfelf, or for the beingcounties liberty or franchife of Ely, or for any cinque ports, unlefs fuch of themfelve*. perfon be feifed or poflefled of an eftate of the like nature, and
 of three fifths of the value as is herein required, for the eftate       •
 of a commiflioner ailing for any county at large in England as aforefaid ; nor for any other city, borough, cinque port, liberty, For other town, or place, not being a county of itfelf, nor for any of the inns citie*. town*, of court, and inns of chancery, or liberty of the rolls, unlefs fuch or Placeg* perfon be feifed or pofTefTed of an eftate of the like nature, and of one half of the value as herein required for the eftate of a Commiflioner, ailing for any county at large in             ; or
 unlefs fuch perfon be the eldeft fon of fome perfon, who (hall be feifed or poflefled of fome eftate of thrice the value or more, as is above required as the qualilication of a commiflioner in fight of his own eftate for the fame county, city, borough, cinque port, liberty, inn of court, or chancery, town, or place.
   XVI.    And be it further enalied, That no perfon fo be ap- For counties
 pointed as aforefaid (hall be capable of ailing as a commiflioner »n Scotland, in execution of this all, for any (hire or ftewartry in        ,
 who is not enfeoft in fuperiority or property, or poflefled as
 proprietor or life renter of lands in        ,  to the exteut of
 one hundred and fifty pounds Scots per annum-, valued rent; or
 Unlefs fuch perfon (hall be poflefled of perfonal eftate of the
 value of three thoufand pounds; or of perfonal eftate or an in-
 tereft therein producing an annual income of one hundred and
 twenty pounds fterling ; or be enfeoft or poflefled as aforefaid
 of lands and perfonal eftate or an intereft therein being together
 of tbe annual value of one hundred and twenty pounds fterling,
 eftimating in every fuch cafe one hundred pounds perfonal
 eftate as equivalent to four pounds per a, and an intereft
 from perfonal eftate of four pounds per annum as equivalent to
 one hundred pounds perfonal eftate; or unlefs he iball be the
 eldeft fon of (ome perfon who (hall be enfeoft or poflefled of a
 like eftate, of twice the value or more, as is required as the
 qualification of a commiflioner in right of his own eftate for
 fuch (hire or ftewartry.
   XVII.       And be it further enalled. That no perfon (hall be Forcities or capable pf allingas fuch commiflioner as laft aforefaid, for any borough* iu erty or borough in Scotland, unlefs fuch perfon be enfeoft or i>cot an poflefled of an eftate of the like nature, and of. three fifths of
 the value herein required for the eftate of a commiflioner ailing for any (hire or ftewartry in Scotland; or unlefs fuch perfon be the eldeft fon of fome perfon enfeoft or poflefled of fome eftate of thrice the value or more, as is above required, as the
3
qualification
G
820 Annoregni quadragefimoquinto GeorgiiIII.c.49. [1805.
             qualification of a commifHoner in right of his own eftate for _     .      the fame city or borough.
for'officers         XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That
particularly nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to require any authorifed. qualification of a commiffioner in the diftrift of the palaces of
             Whitehall and Saint ’James JVe, for any officer who (hall have heretofore afted, or may hereafter aft as a commiffioner for putting in execution the faid land-tax aft in the faid diftrift, other than the pofieffion of their refpeftive offices> nor in any (hire or flewartry in Scotland for any provoft, baillie, dean of guild, treafurer, mailer of the merchants’ company, or deacon convener of the trades for the time being of any royal burgh in Scotland, nor any baillie for the time of any borough of regality or barony in Scotland, nor the faftors for the time being on the feveral forfeited eflates annexed to the crown by an aft pafled in the twenty-fifth year of his late majefty King George the Second, who (hall be refpeftively appointed commiflioners for executing the faid land-tax afts in any (hire or ftewartry in Scotland.
A moiety of XIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted,That no more tionTn*ands" l^an one mo'ety °f any eftate confiding of lands or tenements, as to be in the the qualification of a commiffioner, (hall be required to be fituate county. in the county, riding, divifion, (hire, or ftewartry, for which fuch perfon (hall be a commiffioner: provided alfo, that the proof of fuch qualification lhall lie on the perfon afting in the execution of this aft, in fuch manner as is direfted in any aft herein mentioned with refpeft to commifiioners afting in the execution of the faid land-tax aft. fddition>?n^ XX. And be it further enafted, That whenever it fhall be coolmhfion- deemed, by the commiflioners for the general purpofes of this crs.         aft to be expedient, that certain of the powers herein con-
             tained fhould be executed by commiflioners other than the perfons to be chofen or appointed as aforefaid, fuch additional commiflioners fhall be cholen by the commiflioners for the purpofes of this aft afting in the fame diftrift, for which pur-pofe the faid commiflioners, being duly qualified as required by this aft, fhall, with the confent of the major part of them aflembled at any meeting to be held for that purpofe, fet down in writing lifts of the names of fuch perfons refiding within their .refpeftive diftnets, as fhall, in the opinion of fuch commiflioners, be fit and proper perfons to aft-as fuch additional commiflioners, which lifts lhall contain the names of fo many of thofe perfons as the faid commiflioners fhall, in their diferetion, after taking into confideration the (ize of each diftrift, and the number of perfons to be aflefled therein, think requifite for the due execution of this aft ; which lifts being refpeftively figned by any two or more of fuch commiflioners, fhall be a fufficient authority for fuch additional commiflioners, being refpeftively qualified as herein-after is mentioned, and they are hereby authorifed, to take upon themfelves the execution of this aft, according to the prov.ifions rhereof: provided always,
                                                                        that
                                          • . *
Go gle
 1S05.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.           821
 that the perfons appointed to fupply vacancies in any diftrid, may be chofcn and ad as additional commiflioners, until their fervices (hall be required as commilTioners for the purpofes of the faid ads.
   XXI.      Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no Qualification perfon (hall be capable of ading as fuch additional commiftioner0*
 who (hall not be feifed or enfcofr, or poflefled of an eftate of^s. * the like nature, and of half the vilue as is herein required for the eftate of a commiftioner for the purpofes of this,ad, in the fame diftrid, and who rcfpedivelv are hereby authorifed to name and appoint fuch additional commiftioners : provided In default of alfo, that where no additional commiflioners (hall be named nam,J,g addi-and appointed in any diftrid, then and in fuch cafe the com-miftioners, appointed for the purpofes of this ad, (hall execute commiflion-the fame in luch diftrid, in all matters and things authorized ers of the dif-to be done by additional commiftioners by this ad.           tr*^ may
   XXII.   Provided always, and be it enaded, That if in any For the fup-
 city, liberty, franchise, cinque port, town, or place, for which ply ofcom-feparate commiftioners have been appointed to ad in execution          m
 of the faid land-tax ad, there (hall not be found a fufficicnt {,aving per- * number of perfons qualified as direded by this ad to ad as fans qualified, commiftioners for general purpofes, or as additional com-miftionirs, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful to appoint as
 fuch commiftioners, or additional commiifioners, any perfons re-fiding in fuch city, liberty, franchife, cinque port, town, or place, who (hall be liable to be aftefted under this ad for annual profits, however arifing, to the amount oftwo hundred pounds, or upwards.
   XXIII.      And be it further enaded, That in every year when Commiflion a new appointment of a commiftioner or commiflioners (hall ers to artels take place, he and they (hall execute the faid ad and this ad 5n<* ,evy for as well with refped to arrears of duties afllfl’ed in any former eryea year under the faid ad, or this ad, as to the afteftments to be
 made in fuch year in which they (hall be appointed, and (hall have the like powers to levy and colled fuch arrears as they have to aflefs, levy, and coiled the duties aftefted by them, for all which ads fuch appointment (hall be a fufticient authority, fuhjed to the regulations of th s ad.
   XXIV.    And be it further enaded. That all ads, matters. Two commif
 and things which may be done by any commiftioners herein           t°do
 named, or authorifed to be appointed as aforefaid, (hall and ^yhaave fe°ne may be done by any two or more of them, or by the major Qr reward, part of fuch commiftioners where mote than two (hall be
 prefent; and no fee, regard, falary, pay, or compenfation, (hall be demanded, allowed, paid, or taken by any fuch commiftioner on any pretence whatever.
   XXV.     And be it further enaded, That whenever the com-Notice to be
 miftioners for general purpofes as aforefaid (hall have named giv«n toaddi-
 fuch additional commiftioners, they (hall caufe notice thereof .    . . r j L c 1 . , , , muhoner» to
 m writing, figned by two or more of them, to be delivered by ta^e upon
 the afteftors of the refpedive parilhes or places where fuch thcmfelves
 additional commiflioners refide, with the day of the firft meeting the execution
                                           J              Jf ot this ad.
NEW 'YO
                                                             
   822 Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1805*
                of the faid additional commiflioners, and the place of fuch meeting, to be appointed by fuch commiflioners for the pur-poles of this aft, and which (hall not be later than ten days after the date of fuch notice; and the faid refpeftive afleflbrt (hall, without delay, caufe the refpeftive perfons fo named to be futnmoned by notice in writing, either given perfonally, or left at their refpeftive places of abode, to aflemble at the time and place mentioned in fuch notice, for the purpofe of qualifying themfelves to aft in the execution of the powers vefted in them by this aft; and the faid commiflioners for the purpofes of this aft, or any two or more of them, fhall adminifler the oath or affirmation to fuch additional commiflioners required by this aft to be taken by them, and fhall then and there appoint a dav for the faid additional commiflioners to bring in their certificates of afleflment in the manner herein direfted ; and the clerk to the commiflioners in each diftrift (hall alfo be appointed clerk to the additional commiflioners appointed for the fame diflrift, and (hall attend the faid additional commiflioners at their meetings as their clerk.
                  XXVI.      Provided always, and be it enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the commiflioners for the general purpofes of this aft, whenever in their judgement the fame (hall be requifite, to divide fuch additional commiflioners into diftinft committees, and to allot to each committee diftinft parithes, wards, or places, in which fuch committees (hall feparately aft in the execution of this aft, provided that the meetings of fuch committees (hall be appointed at fuch times as that the clerk to fuch commiflioners may attend every meeting.
                  XXVII.      Provided alio, and be it enafted, That it (hall not be lawful for more than feven perfons to aft together as additional commiflioners for the fame diftrift, not being formed into feveral divifions as aforefaid, nor any greater number to aft together in the fame committee; and that where more than feven perfons (hall attend as fuch additional commiflioners at any meeting, either for the whole of any diftrift or for any divifion thereof, the feven perfons firft in their order on the lift (igned by the commiflioners for the purpofes of this aft then prelent (hall aft, and the reft (hall withdraw from fuch meeting: provided alfo, that not lefs than two additional commiflioners (hall be competent to form any meeting either for any diftrift or divifion thereof, and that any two of them, or the major part of them then prefent, (hall be competent to do any aft authorifed by this aft.
   XXVIII.      Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if it (hall appear to the commiflioners fpr general purpofes as
 commiflioners aforefaid, whether they (hall have been chofen as aforefaid, or
 The oath or
 affirmation to be adminilter-ed to them.
 Clerk.
 Dividing additional com-miflioners into committees.
 Number of
 additional commiflioners in each committee or diflrift.
 For appointing a greater number of
 for general purpofes in-ft'ead of additional commiflioners.
 (hall aft by virtue of their appointment of commiflioners for executing the faid land-tax aft, to be expedient that a greater number than (even commiflioners for general purpofes as afore— faith, poflcflvng the qualification required for fuch commiflioners,
                                                                                                              (hould
Go gle
   1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quintoGeorgii III. c. 49. 82
   fhould be appointed for any diftrid, inftcad of appointing commiffioners poflcffing only the qualification required for ad-ditional commiffioners as before mentioned, it (hall be lawful for them to appoint fuch greater number, not in any cafe exceeding the number of feven, obferving with regard to fuch appointments the fame rules as in the firft appointment of commiffioners for general purpofes as aforefaid, but neverthelefs without adding thereto any perfons to fupply their vacancies; and in every cafe of appointing fuch increased number of com- Three of them miflioners for general purpofes as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful to execute the for the faid commiffioners, at their firft meeting after fuch ap-*’ pointment, and they are hereby required to choofe indifferently miflioners. by lot fuch number of their own body, not lets than three or more than feven, to execute the office verted in additional com-miffioners by this all; and the perfons fo chofen (hall be additional commiffioners for executing this all, and the powers hereby verted in additional commiffioners, and they are hereby required to execute this all accordingly; and the remaining commiffioners not fo chofen by lot (hall execute the powers verted in the commiffioners for general purpofes as aforefaid : ^j,erenontf provided that where no fuch additional commiffioners (hall have fuch are ap-been appointed fpecially to execute the powers verted in ad- pointed, then ditional commiffioners, the commiffioners ailing in the execu- commiflion-tion of this all, whether chofen as aforefaid or not, (hall divide ^Vofes^of themfelves in fuch manner that two commiffioners at the lead this all are (hall be appointed to execute the powers verted in additional to divide commiffioners by this all; and if in fuch cafe there (hall not themfelves, fo be two remaining perfons at leaf! qualified to all as commif-fioners for general purpofes as aforefaid in fuch diftrilf, then tional com. and in fuch cafe the perfons qualified to all in the execution of miflioners. this all as commiffioners for general purpofes as aforefaid in any If not fuffi-adjoining diftrill of the fame county, riding, divifion, (hire, or cient of fuch ftewartry, or fuch number of them as lhall be requifite, (hall execute this all and the powers hereby verted in commiffioners betaken outy for general purpofes as aforefaid, in and for fuch firft mentioned of the adjoin-diftrilt.                                                    ingdiftrill.
      XXIX.      And be it further enalled. That the commiffioners Commiflion-for general purpofes as aforefaid, (hall execute this all in all-ersfor.general matters and things relating to the duties in fchedules marked gxecut^mat-(A.) and (B.) of the faid all, except fuch allowances in refpelt tcrs with thereof as are directed to be be made in number five of fchedule refpelt to the (A.) by other commiffioners for fpecial purpofes as herein-after duties f‘Idcr mentioned} and alfo all matters and things relating to the t .*■ e c  .
   duties in fchedule (C.) of the faid all, except fuch of the fuch a8 duties as are direded to be aflefled, and alfo except the granting arc dirclied fuch exemptions as are direded to be granted by fuch commif- J.° be done by fioners for fpecial purpofes, or by other commiffioners herein- ^ber com-after direded to ad in refped of any particular description of miflionen. duties to be afiefted under fchedule (C.) and alfo all matters and things relating to the duties in fchedule (D.) of the faid ad, except fuch matters and things as are direded to be done
by
824 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii HI. c.49. [1805.
Cetnmi (lionets for fpecial purpofes.
Treafury to appoint gfliftant com-mirtioncrs.
                 by the additional commiffioners or perfons acting as fuch ; and the faid commiffioners for general purpofes (hall alfo execute this a& in all matters and things relating to the duties in (chedule (E.) not executed by the commiffioners authorifed to be appointed for thofe duties: provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to preclude any perfon chofen a commiffioner for general purpofes from ailing as fuch by reafon of his ailing or having ailed as an additional commiffioner, except only as to fuch particular affeffments wherein he (hall have ailed as fuch additional commiflioner.
                   XXX.       And be it further enailed. That the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes for the time being, together with fuch other perfons to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, (hall be commiffioners for the fpecial purpofes of this ail: and it (hall be lawful for his Majedy, his heirs or fucceflors, under the royal fign manual, cr the lord high-treafurer or the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, for the time being, by warrant under his or their hand and feal or hands and feals, from time to time, to appoint (uch and fo many other perfons not exceeding three, to be afliftant commiffioners for fuch fpecial purpofes, as he or they refpeilively (hall think expedient; which faid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes and affiftant commiffioners, or any two or more of them, (hall have full authority to execute the feveral powers given hy this ail to commiffioners for fpecial purpofes, either in relation to the allowances fpecificd in number five, fchedule (A.) of this ail, or in relation to the fpecial exemptions granted from the duties mentioned in (chedule (C.) of this ail, or to the affeffing fuch perfons who (hall negteil to make a return of the profits on which the faid lad-mentioned duties arife, or who (hall pay the faid duties into the bank of              and
                 alfo in relation to the examining, auditing, checking, and clearing the books and accounts of dividends delivered to the infpe&or under the authority of this acl, and the certificates of affeffment and exemptions tranfmitted by the refpe&ive commiffioners for general purpofes from their refpedlive diftritfls, in refpedl of the faid lad-mentioned duties ; and alfo (hall have full authority to do any other a<5l, matter, or thing hereby dire&ed or required to be done by commiffioners for fpecial purpofes, to be appointed under this a<5l; and all powers, pro-vifions, claufes, matters, and things contained in this ail for afeertaining the amount of any duty, exemption, or allowance mentioned in this a£l, (hall be ufed, pra£lifed, and put in execution by the commiffioners fo appointed or to be appointed in afeertaining the amount of duty, or any exemption or allowance placed under the cognizance or jurifdi&ion of the faid commiffioners fo appointed or to be appointed : provided always, that it (hall not be lawful for the faid commiffioners fo appointed or to be appointed, to alter any affeffment made by commiffioners in their refpe&ive didricls, or any exemption, abatement, or allowance which they may lawfully grant, or any
                                                                                                                 certificate
Go gle
                                                               IT
 18o5-1 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 825
 certificate thereof; nor for the faid commiflioners fo appointed or to be appointed to fummon any perfon to be examined before them, but alt inquiries by or before the commiflioners fo appointed or to be appointed fhall be anfwered by affidavit, to be taken before one or more of the commiflioners for general purpofes in their refpe&ive diftri£ls, which fuch com-miflioner or commiflioners is and are hereby authorifed to take, on oath or affirmation, on undamped paper; and no fuch affidavit fhall be liable to any ftamp-duty whatever ; and fuch commiflioners for fpecial purpofes aforefaid fhall have authority to ufe, exercife, and apply all the powers of this a£t, as effectually as any other commiflioners are hereby authorifed to ufe, exercife, or apply the fame, fo far as the fame powers relate to the jurisdiction given to fuch commiflioners; and the faid afliftant commiflioners, not exceeding three as aforefaid, fhall and may be allowed fuch falary for their pains and trouble, and fuch incidental expences as the faid lords commiflioners now or for the time being, or the faid lord high-treafurer, fhall direft to be paid to them.
   XXXI.       And be it further ena&ed, That the governor and The Bank, directors of the company of the bank of          , in refpe<5t of compan*&c
 the annuities payable to the faid company, at the receipt of to°be charged exchequer, commonly called Bank Stock; the dire&ors of the by their di-United Company of Merchants of England trading to the re&ors, for Indies, in refpedt of the annuities payable to the faid company rateVociT** at the faid receipt, commonly called Eajl India Stock; and the governors and dire&ors of the Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas in refpe# of annuities payable to the faid company at the faid receipt, commonly called South Sea Stocky or any three or more of them refpedtively, fhall refpedfively be commiflioners for the general purpofes of this a£t, fo far as refpc&s the duty on fuch annuities, and the profits attached to the fame, and divided amongft the feveral proprietorsj and (hall refpe&ively have authority as fuch commiflioners to exercife all the powers of this a& in relation to the duty to be charged on fuch annuities and profits attached to the fame; but neverthelefs feparate and diftindt from the amounts of any other annual profits and gains in refpeft of the trade and commerce or bu-fmefs of fuch companies refpe&ively, over and above fuch dividends and profits attached thereto, and divided as aforefaid; and the proper officers or perfons employed in the payment of dividends on fuch annuities and profits attached thereto, and divided a6 aforefaid, are re(pe<5tively hereby authorifed to retain and deduft out of fuch dividends and profits, a proportionate part in refpe£t of the duty fo aflefled, except in fuch cafes where a certificate of exemption or abatement fhall have been granted to the party entitled to any fuch dividends or profits, in which cafes the excefs of the duty fo aflefled, over and above the fum allowed by fuch certificate and no more, fhall be fo retained and deducted ; and fuch officer and perfon aforefaid, and all others employed on behalf of the faid companies, and the governors
and
 ORK PUBLIC LIBR
 The fame com million-ers (hall alfo aiTefs the
    826 Anno regni quadrageftmo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1805.
  and directors thereof refpedively, is and are hereby indemnified from fuch dedudions ; and the perfons demanding frich dividends or profits are hereby required to allow fueh deductions on the receipt of the refidue of fuch dividends or profits, and fhall give acquittances for the fame as if the whole of the faid dividends and profits had been paid to them refpedively; and fuch commiffioners fhall have authority to ufe, exercife, and apply all the powers of this ad, as effedually as any other commiffioners are hereby authorifed to ufe, exercife, or apply the fame fo far as the fame relate to the faid laft-mentioned duties.
    XXXIf. And be it further enaded, That the fame perfons who fhall ad as commilHoncrs as aforefaid, in refped the annuities payable to the company of the bank of     , fhall
Bank for their alfo have authority to aflefs the faid company for and in refped profits under of all and every the profits of the faid company chargeable by ichedulc(D). tjjjs a<c^ under the rules of fchedule (D.) making fuch deductions thereout, and no other, as by this ad is allowed ; and the faid governor and company fhall pay the fum aflefled into his Majefty’s receipt of the Exchequer, and no other commiffioners fhall interfere in the aflclfinents of profits belonging to the faid company.
    Commiflion- XXXIII. And be it further enaded, That the faid commif-e!rr appo!nt fioners for general purpofes as aforefaid, may appoint afTefTors coUe&ors? anc* colledors for fuch of the duties by this ad granted, as fhall be aflefled by the faid commiffioners refpedively, in like manner as afl'effors and colledors may be appointed under the faid recited ads refpedively; and where they fhall appoint the fame perfons to be afTefTors and colledors of the faid duties as fhall have been appointed to execute the faid recited ads refpcc-tively, they fhall caufe notice to be given to them, that they are alio appointed afTefTors or colledors of the faid duties to be aflefTed by fuch commiffioners refpedively.
    Commiflion- XXXIV. And be it further enaded. That it fhall be lawful e^und^rt*ic for the commiffioners ading in the execution of the faid re-
    duties after** c*tcc^ a<^ an^ ,*1‘s a^ f°r t'me being, or any lwo or the 5th of of them refpedively, and they are hereby required to caufe the duties granted by the faid recited ad, which at any time after the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five, fhall not have been charged within the year for which the faid duties ought to be charged, or which having been charged fhall then be in arrear and unfatisfied, to be charged, railed, aflefled, re-aflefled, levied, ascertained, colleded, and accounted for as fully and effedually as any commiffioners appointed by the faid recited ad might have done in that behalf, and as if the faid duties had fevcrally accrued or been charged after the paffing of this ad; and the faid afTefTors, colledors, and receivers, and others ading in the execution of this ad, fhall affefs, re-afTefs, levy, receive, and anfwer the faid feveral duties and arrears of duties, by the fame ways and means, and in the fame manner and under the like penalties as are direded or
                                                                                                       appointed
 April 1805.
                                                             
. NEVA
     1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.49* 827
     appointed by this act, with refpect to the duties to accrue and ' to be charged after the patting of this act; and the monies fo received by the faid collectors, or others, for any fuch duties or arrears, fhall be paid and accounted for in like manner.
       XXXV.        And be it further enacted, That the infpectors and Infpectors forveyors appointed or to be appointed for the duties on houfes and furveyors and windows, and other taxes charged by afleflment, (hall be windows to infpectors and furveyors of the duties granted by the faid re- act jn the cited act; and the faid refpective commiflioners for general execution of purpofes as aforefaid, or any two or more of them, and the th‘8 act* faid refpective additional commiflioners acting in the execution
     of this act, or any two or more of them, and the faid afleflors and collectors to be appointed as herein mentioned, and the faid infpectors and furveyors, (hall and they are hereby refpec-tively empowered and required to do all things neceflary for putting this act in execution, with relation to the feveral duties granted by the faid recited act, in the like, and in as full and ample a manner as any commiflioners, afleflors, collectors, furveyors, or infpectors, or any of them, are or is authorifed to put in execution the faid recited acts, or any matters or things therein contained, as well with refpect to all acts, matters, and things to be done by, under, or before the faid refpective additional commiflioners, or by, under, or before the refpective commiflioners for general purpofes as aforefaid, in their refpective diftricts or departments, as by, under, and before the commiflioners hereby authorifed to be appointed for fpecial purpofes as herein-after mentioned.
       XXXVI.        And be it further enacted. That every perfon ap- Comtniflion-pointed or to be appointed a commiflioncr or additional com- *™take the*** miflioner, or an afleflor, collector, infpector, or furveyor in the ™th8 in fche. execution of this act, and every perfon to be appointed a clerk dule (F.)
     or clerk’s afliftant to the faid refpective commiflioners, before he fhall begin to act therein, fo far as the fame relates to the duties contained in fchedule (D.) or to fuch other duties as are directed to be charged under the fame provifions and regulations, (hall take the oath and oaths, or, being of the people Called Quakers, the folemn affirmation or affirmations prelcribcd by this act, and contained in the fchedule marked (F.) hereunto annexed, applicable to fuch officers refpectively, which oath and oaths, or affirmation or affirmations, any one of the perfons appointed a commiflioner either for general purpofes as aforefaid, or an additional commiflioner, is hereby authorifed to adminifter (except that every fuch oath or affirmation fo to be adminittered to any commiflioner for general purpofes as aforefaid, or to an additional commiflioner, fhall be adminiftered by a commiflioner for fych general purpofes, and not otherwife) and which oath or affirmation fo taken, (hall be fubferibed by the party taking the fame; and if any perfon (hall act as a commiflioner in relation to the duties in fchedule (D.) except in adminittering the oath or oaths, or affirmation or affirmations herein mentioned, or as a clerk or clerk’s afliftant, or an afleflor.
     Collector, infpector, or furveyor, before he fhall have taken the
oath
                                                                                                                                                        Original fr NEW YORK PUBL
   828 Anno regni quadragefimoquintoGBORGii III. c.49* [1805.
              oath or oaths, or affirmation or affirmations, herein required to be taken by fuch officers refpectiveiy, he ffiall for every fuch f offence forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered by the faid recited Clerk and acts refpectiveiy: provided that the appointment of a clerk, and tcfacthunder1 any a^ant or affiftants to fuch clerk, whenever the fame ffiall commiflion- be neccfl'ary, ffiall be veiled in the commiffioners for general crs.       purpofes, and fuch clerks and affiflants ffiall act as fuch, as
              well in all matters and things to be done by, under, and before the refpectivc commiffioners for general purpofes, as by, under, and before the refpective additional commiffioners in the refpec-tive diflricts : provided that no more than one clerk affidant ffiall be appointed for any didrict, without the approbation of the commidioncrs for the affairs of taxes, on a datement made to them by the commiffioners for general purpofes, dating the neceffity thereof in confideraiion of the extent or population of thedidrict.
   Recited          XXXVU.  And be it further enacted, That the duties con-
   J"11'""  . tained in the fchedule marked (A.) as herein recited, ffiall be
   anrules, ' afl"efled and charged under the following rules ; which rules ffiall deemed part be deemed and condrued to be a part of this act, and to refer of this act. tp the faid duty, as if the fame had been inferted herein under a fpecial enactment:
 to be ascertained by this rule, except as after ft a ted.
 \
                                           SCHEDULE (A.)
                          No. I. General Rule for charging and adeffing the Duties under Schedule (A.) of the faid recited act.
Annual value The annual value of lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, charged under fchedule (A.) of the faid recited act, ffiall be underilood to be the rent by the year at which the fame are let at rack-rent, if the amount of fuch rent ffiall have been fixed within the period of feven years preceding the fifth day of /fyr/7 next before the time of making the afleffinent; but if the fame are not fo let at rack-rent, then at the rack-rent at which the fame are vvoith to be let by the year; and the duties thereon ffiall be charged annually on and paid by the occupier or occupiers for the time being of fuch lands, tenements, hereditaments, or herbages; which rule ffiall be conftrued to extend to all lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or heritages, of whatever nature, and for whatever purpofe occupied, and of whatever value, except the properties mentioned in Number II. of this fchedule.
Certain properties charged on the profits.
                     No. II. Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritages, - chargeable under Schedule (A.) which are not to be charged according to the preceding Rule.
                                                                   »
                                                                          The annual value of all the properties herein-after deferibed, ffiall be underilood to be the full amount for one year, or
                                                                                                                       the
Go gle
                                                                                            I
  1805.] Anno regniquadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 829
    the average amount for one year of the profits received therefrom, within the refpective times herein limited:
  Firft.—Of all tythes if taken in kind, on an average of three Tythes in • preceding years.                                         kln<*’
  Second.—Of all dues and money payments in lieu of any tythes Ecclefiaftical (not being tythes arifing from lands) and on all teinds indues. Scotland, on the like average.                ’
      The faid duty in each cafe to be charged on the rector or vicar, or other perfon entitled to fuch tythes or payments.
  Third.—Of all tythes arifing from lands, if compounded for,Tythes coa-and of all rents and other money-payments in lieu of tythes Potlnded. arifing from lands, on the amount of fuch compofition, rent, or payment, for one year preceding to be charged on the occupiers of fuch lands refpectively.
  Fourth.—Of quarries of ftone, flate, limeftone, or chalk, on Quarries.
    the-amount of profits in the preceding year.
  Fifth.—Of mines of coal, tin, lead, copper, mundic, iron, and Mine*, other mines, on an average of five years, fubject to the pro-vifions contained in this act.
  Sixth.—Of iron works, fait fprings or works, alum mines or Iron works, works, waterworks, ftreams of water, canals, inland* navi-&c-gations, docks, and fifhings, rights of markets and fairs, tolls, ways, bridges, and ferries, on the profits of the year preceding.
      The duty in each of the three foregoing rules to be charged on the perfon or perfons, corporations or companies, carrying on the concern, and exclufively of lands and buildings of every description ufed or occupied in or concerning the fame.
  Seventh.—Of manors and other royalties, including all dues Manors. • and other fervices, or other cafual profits (not being rents or other annual payments referved or charged) on an average of feven preceding years, to be charged on the lord or lady of fuch manor or royalty, or perfon renting the fame.
  Eighth:—Of fines received in conftderation of a dcmife or Fines demifes of lands or tenements (not being parcel of a manor or royalty demifable by the cuftom thereof) on the amount fo received within the year preceding, by or on account of the party or parties; provided that in cafe the faid party or parties (hall prove, to the fatisfaction of the commiffioners for general purpofes in the diftrict, that fuch fines, or any part thereof, have been applied as productive capital, on which a profit has arifen or will arife, other wife chargeable under this and the faid recited act, for the year in which the afieffinent lhall be made, it lhall be lawful for the faid commiffioners to difeharge the amount fo applied from the profits liable to afleflment under this rule.
  Ninth.—Of all other profits arifing from lands, tenements. Other promts hereditaments, or heritages, not in the actual poll'eflion and from occupation of the party to be charged, or not before enumerated, on a fair and juft average of fuch number of years as the commiffioners for the execution of this act lhall, on
the
 '••JEW YORK PUBLIC LIB
             Drigiral f
 830 Anno rcgni quadragcfimoquintoGEOROii III. c.49. [1805.
             the ftatement of the party to be charged, judge proper, (except fuch profits as may be liable to deduction in purfiiance of the ninth or tenth rules in Number III. herein-after mentioned), to be charged on the receivers of fuch profits.
 Manors.
                                                              No. III. Rules and Regulations refpecting the faid Duties.
 Tobecharged Firft.—All properties chargeable to the duties in fchedule (A.) intheparilh. HisUl be charged in the parifh or place where the fame are •            fituate,  and not elfewhere.
 Except canals Provided that the profits arifing from canals, inland navi-and roads. gations, or ftreams of water, or from any roads ot ways of a publick nature, and belonging to or veiled in any company of proprietors or truftees, whether corporate or not corporate, may be dated in one account, and charged in the city, town, or place, at or neared to the place where the general accounts (hall have been ufually made up ; and it (hall and may be lawful for the faid proprietors, or trudees, having paid the duties fo chargeable, to deduct a jud proportion thereof from the intered payable to the creditors of the faid canals, navigations, or roads, or to pay fuch intered in full without making any fuch deduction, and they fhall not be liable thereupon to the penalty hereinafter contained.
                   Provided alfo, that the profits arifing from any manor or royalty as aforcfaid, which (hall extend into different parifhes, may be adefled in one account in the parifh where the court for fuch manor or royalty fhall have been ufually held: provided alfo, that the profits arifing from all fines received by the fame perfon, body politick or corporate, or company, may be afTeRed in one account where the perfon or perfons to be charged under the regulations of this aft (hall refide.
              Second.—All lands occupied by the fame perfon, (hall be brought into each account required to be delivered by fuch perfon, whether the fame (hall be occupied by fuch perfon as owner or tenant, or as tenant under diftindt owners, or fhall be fituate in the fame or in different parifhes or diftricts; but the charge thereon (hall be in each parifh or diftrict in proportion to the value of the property fituate therein, of which proportions the occupier or occupiers (hall be required to deliver an account in each parifh; and a feparate account fhall be given of lands in the fame occupation belonging to diftindt owners.
                                                                             Provided always, that lands held under the fame demife, in the occupation of the fame perfon hs owner, although
 Lands in the lame occupation to be charged according to the parilhfs.
Lands in different rifhes to charged in either.
 K1
 or
 fituate in different parifhes, may be charged in either parifh, at the difcretion of the refpective commiffioners, if the faid com-miffioners (hall be fatisfied that the proportion in each parifh, either in refpect of quantity, rent, or value of the (aid lands, cannot be afcertained, and the whole of the faid lands (hall be chargeable under the fame commiffioners.
                                                                                                          Third.
Go gle
 1805.] Annoregniquadragefimoquinto-GEORGiiIII. c.49.         831
 Third.—For any dwelling-houfe which, with the buildings or Houfes under offices belonging thereto, (hall be under the annual value of I0^ch*rScd ten pounds, in the occupation of a tenant, the affeffmenton 1,1 thereupon may, if the commiflioners for executing this act (hall think fit, be made on the landlord, but fo as not to impeach the remedy of recovery of the duty from the occupier in default of payment by the landlord.
 Fourth.—If any mine enumerated in the fifth rule, No. II. of Mines failing, this fchedule, has, from fome unavoidable caufe, been de-creafed, and is decreafing in the annual value thereof, fo that the average of five years will not give a fair and juft eftimate of the annual value thereof, it (hall be lawful, after due proof before the commiffioners for general purpofes in the diftrict where fuch mine (hall be fituate, to compute fuch annual value on the actual amount of fuch profits and gains in the preceding year ending as aforefaid, fubject to fuch abatement on account of diminution of duty within the current year as is herein provided in other cafes.
 Fifth.—If any fuch mine (hall, from fome unavoidable caufe, Mines failed, have wholly failed, it (hall be lawful for the faid commif-fioners, on due proof thereof, wholly to difcharge any aflelT-ment made thereon.
 Sixth.—If in charging any of the properties enumerated in the Duties may rules under No. II. as before mentioned, it (hall appear, accardin^to that the account required by the faid rules, or any of them, itnpth of cannot be made out, by reafon of the pofleffion or intercft poffeffipn. of the party to be charged thereon having commenced within the time fqr which the account is directed to be made out, it (hall be lawful for the faid party or parties, and all perfons concerned in executing this act, to eftimate the profits of one year in proportion to the time elapfed fince the commencement of fuch pofieffion or intereft.
 Seventh.—The duty to be charged under this fchedule, in re- Foreign mi-fpect of any houfe or tenement occupied by any accredited n‘®er8* minifter from any foreign prince or ftate, (hall be charged , and paid by the landlord or perfon immediately entitled to the rent of the faid houfe or tenement.
 Eighth.—The faid duty to be charged, in refpect of any houfe. Official ^ tenement, or apartment, belonging to his Majefty, his heirs *loule®‘ or fucceffors, in rhe occupation of any officer of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, in right of his office or otherwife,
 • (except apartments in his Majefty’s royal palaces), (hall be charged on and paid by the occupier of fuch houfe, tenement, or apartment, upon the annual value of each houfe, tenement, or apartment fo occupied.
 Ninth.—The occupier or occupiers of any lands, tenements,
   hereditaments, or heritages, being rcfpectively tenants of the landlord Lc-fame, and paying the faid duties, (hall deduct fo much thereof cording to the as a rate of one (hilling for every twenty (hillings of the rent rate, by de-payable to the landlord or landlords for the time being, would) by a juft proportion, amount unto, which fums (hall thCr«jt. °
                                                     be
Go gle
832 Annorcgni quadragefimoquintoGeorg 11 III. c.49. [1805.
Landlords, &c. may re* cover from others, having intereft at the like rate.
                be deducted out of the firft payments thereafter to be made on account of rent; and the receivers of his Majefty, his heirs and fucccflors, and all landlords, both mediate and immediate, their refpeCtive heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, according to their refpeCtive interefts, and their re-fpective receivers or agents (hall allow fuch deductions and payments upon receipt of the refidue of the rents under the penalty herein contained; and the tenants paying the faid afleflments (hall be acquitted and difeharged of fo much money, as if the fame had actually been paid unto the perfon or perfons to or for whom his or their rent (hall have been due and payable ; and the occupier or occupiers of lands charged on the amount of any compofition, rent, or payment for tithes arifing therefrom, and paying the faid duties, (haH be entitled • to make the like deductions from fuch compofitior, 'rent, or payment, on paying the fame.
             Tenth*—Where any fuch dwelling-houfes, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, are fubjeCt or liable to the payment of any rent charge, annuity, fee farm rent, rent fervice, quit rent, feu duty, teind duty, ftipends tolicenfed curates, or other rent or annual payment thereupon referved or charged, the landlords, owners, or proprietors, by whom any deductions or payments (hall have been allowed as aforefaid, and the landlords, owners, and proprietors being refpeCtively occupiers, and charged to the laid duties, (hall abate and deduCt, and detain and keep in their hands out of every fuch rent charge, annuity, fee farm rent, rent fervice, quit rent, feu duty, teind duty, ftipend, or other rent or annual payment aforefaid, fo much of the faid duties or payments on account of the fame, as a like rate of one (hilling for every twenty (hillings on fuch rent charge, annuity, (ee farm rent, rent fervice, quit rent, feu duty, any teind duty, or ftipend, or other rent or annual payment aforefaid refpeCtively, (hall, by a juft proportion, amount unto, and the receivers of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, and all and every perfon and perfons, who are or (hall be anyways entitled unto fuch rents, duties, ftipends, or annual payments, their receivers, deputies, or agents, are hereby required to allow fuch dedu&ions and payments, according to fuch rates, upon the receipt of the reiidue of fuch monies as (hall be due and payable to them for fuch rents, duties, or annual payments, without any fee or charge for fuch allowance, and under the penalty herein contained; and the landlord, owner, proprietor, and occupier refpectively, being charged as aforefaid, or having allowed fuch deductions or payments, (hall be acquitted and difeharged of fo much money as the deductions or payments (hall amount unto or for, as if the fame had actually been paid unto fuch perfon or perfons to whom fuch rent charge, annuity, fee farm rent, rent fervice, quit rent, feu duty, teind duty, ftipend, or other rent or annual payment aforefaid, (hall have been due and payable.
                                                                                                              Eleventh.
4
Go gle
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii 111. c. 49.              833
 Eleventh.—Where any mortgagee, or creditor in any heritable Mortgagees in bond or wadfet, (hall be in the pofleflion of the lands, tene- j^.^0 a ments, or hereditaments mortgaged or fecured, fuch mortgagee or creditor (hall be chargeable as occupier when in the a&ual occupation of the fame, and when not in the actual occupation ‘      '
   of the fame, (hall be liable to fuch deductions as any other landlord would be; and upon the fettlement of accounts between fuch mortgagee or other creditor as aforefaid, and the mortgagor or debtor, the duty payable in refpefl of the amount of the intereft payable upon fuch mortgage or other debt as aforefaid, (hall be taken and allowed as fo much money received by fuch mortgagee or other creditor as aforefaid, on account of fuch intereft.
 Twelfth.—Where any houfes, lands, or tenements, (hall be oc-Owner dying, cupied by the owner at the time the afleffment under this act how the duty (hall be made, who (hall die within the year, the heirs, execu- *s to 1,2 tors, adminiftrators, or afligns, or other perfon or perfons who on fuch death become entitled to the rents and profits thereof,
   (hall be liable to the payment of all arrears of the faid duty due at the time of fuch death, and to all fubfequent inftalmcnts for that year, according to their refpective interefts, without any new afleffment.
 Thirteenth.—Where any houfe (hall be divided into diftinct H°utes occu-properties, and occupied by diftinct owners or their refpective tenants, fuch properties (hall be charged diftinct on the difrerent^per-refpective occupiers.                                          fons, to be
                                                                                                             charged dif-
        No. IV. Particular Deductions from Schedule (A.)
 Firft.—For every dwelling-houfe, not chargeable to the duty Dedudtions contained in fchedule (B.) in refpect of the occupation thereof,for repair** except where a tenant (hall be bou/id to the repairs thereof, or any part thereof, there fhall be deducted on account of incidental repairs of fuch dwelling-houfe, a fum not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum on fuch amount, 4nd for every dwelling-houfe and other buildings, on a farm of lands, tythes, or teinds chargeable to the duties in fchedule (B.) in refpect of the occupation thereof, except where a tenant (hall be bound to the repairs thereof, or any part thereof, there (hall be deducted on account of incidental repairs, out of the duties in fchedule (A.) a fum not exceeding the rate of two pounds per centumon fuch amount.
 Second.—For the amount of the tenths, and firft fruits, duties, Tenth*, and fees on presentations, paid by any ecclefiaftical perfon within the year preceding that in which the afleftment (hall be made:
 Third.—For procurations and fynodals paid by ecclefiaftical per- Procuration, fons, on an average of feven years preceding that in which the &c* afleffment (hall be made:                         •
 Fourth.—For repairs of collegiate churches and chapels, and Repairs of chancels of churches, by any ecclefiaftical body, rector, vicar, chancels, &c, Vol. XLV.                        3 H                        or
         GO glC                                           NEW YORK’pUbSl'
 Deduction* for land-tax.
834 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1805.
                or other perfon bound to repair the fame, on an average of twenty-one years preceding as aforefaid, or as nearly thereto as can be produced:
             Fifth.—For the amount charged on lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, towards afi aid granted by an act, palled in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting an aid to bis MajeJiy by a land-tax y
                to be raifed in Great Britain, for the feruice of the year one thou-fand feven hundred and ninety-eighty where the charge thereon (hall not have been redeemed :
 Fordrainage, Sixth.—For the amount charged on lands, tenements, heredita-&c*             ments, or heritages, by a publick rate or afTeflment, in refpect
                of draining, fencing, or embanking the fame:
             In all which cafes there (hall be allowed and deducted out of the aflefiment to be made thereon in rcfpect of the property, unlefs fuch payments, or any part thereof, (hall be made by a tenant or tenants, fuch fum of money as a like rate of pn6 (hilling for every twenty (hillings of the (urns paid would, by a juft proportion, amount unto.
 Allowances to Provided always, That the allowances to be granted in pur-ecclefiaftical fuance of the fecond, third, or fourth cafes, may be granted to the ecclefiaftical body, rector, or other vicar, liable to the charges therein-mentioned, in one fum, and in the fame manner as allowances are to be granted in refpect of income, either by deducting the fame from the aflefiment upon them, (if any,) or by certificate; and fuch allowances (hall be clafled as allowances in refpect of income.
 bodies, Sec. how to be made.
                               No. V. Allowances to be made in refpect of the feid Duties in Schedule (A.)
 Exemptions For the duties charged on any college or hall in any of the colleges univerfities of Great Brita, or the offices, gardens, walks* and halls.      an(j grounjs> for recreation, repaired and maintained by the
              < funds of fuch college or hall, and for the necefTary repairs thereof:
 Hofpitals, Sec. Or on the feite of every hofpital, or publick fchool, or alms houfe, or the offices, gardens, walks, and grounds, for recreation of the hofpitallers, fcholars, and alms men, repaired and maintained by the funds of fuch hofpital, fchool, or alms houfe, and for neceflary repairs thereof:
 Rents of Or on the rents and profits of mefluages, lands, tenements, or hofpitals and hereditaments, belonging to any hofpital, publick fchool, or an y an s. a|ms j,oufe> or vefte(j jn truftees for charitable purpofes :
              The faid allowances to be granted, on proof, before the com-miflioners to be appointed for fpecial purpofes, under the authority of this act, of the due application of the faid rents and profits to charitable purpofes only, and in fo far as the fame (hall be applied to charitable purpofes only:
                              The faid allowances to be claimed and proved by any fteward, agent, or factor, acting for fuch college, hall, fchool, hofpital,
                                                                                                                          or

  1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.            835
   or alms-houfe, or other truft for charitable purpofes, or by any truftee of the fame, by affidavit, to be taken before any com-’ miffioner for executing this act, in the diftrict, dating the amount of the duties chargeable and the application thereof, and to be carried into effect by the commiffioners for fpecial purpofes to be appointed under the authority of this act, and according to the powers vetted in fuch commiffioners, without vacating, altering, or impeaching the afteffinent to be made,
   ■under this act, on or in refpect of fuch properties j which aflelT-ments (hall be in force, and levied notwithftanding fuch allowances.
     XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the duty con- Recited duty tained in the fchedule marked (B.) as herein recited, (hall be j"^he^uIe aflefled and charged under the following rules, which rules (hall deemed part* be deemed and conftrued to be a part of this act, and to refer to of this act. the faid latt-mentioned duty, as if the fame had been inferted herein under a fpecial enactment.
The duty contained in fchedule (B.) as herein recited, (hall be To be charged charged in addition to the duties contained in fchedule (A.) ["^uie^A V and (hall be conftrued to extend to all the properties, in this on the fame act directed to be charged to the faid duty according to the properties, general rule in No. I. fchedule (A.) before-mentioned, (ex- except for cept a dwelling-houfe, and the domeftick offices thereunto dwelliin8* belonging, and which dwelling-houfe and offices (hall not be fromTarms occupied with a farm of lands, for the purpofe of farming fuch andtythes. lands, or with a farm of tythes for the purpofe of farming the fame): provided, that in all cafes where lands are not fubject Pne*e,glltV0 to tythes or teinds, or to any modus or compofition real in rent of lieu thereof, there (hall be deducted out of the duties con- tythe-frec tained in this fchedule, a fum not exceeding one eighth part lands, thereof; and in all cafes where lands are fubject to a modus or compofition real, there (hall be deducted out of fuch duties fo much thereof as, together with the like rate on fuch modus or compofition real, (hall not exceed one eighth part of fuch duties as aforefaid: provided alfo, That any perfon being leflee LdTees and and occupier of tythes or teinds, other than the occupier of the occupiers of lands from whence fuch tythes or teinds (hall arife, (hall be charged in refpect of the occupation, at the rate of three-pence 3      u
   for every twenty (hillings of the annual value thereof, efti-mated as aforefaid.
   No. VI. Rules for charging the faid latt-mentioned Duties.
Firft.—The faid latt-mentioned duties (hall be eftimated accord- To be paid by ing to the general rule contained in fchedule (A.), and (hall belhe occupier, charged-annually on and paid by the occupier or occupiers for the time being, his, her, and their executors, adminiftrators, and affigns.
             SCHEDULE (B.)
\
                                                                                                       PUBLIC L
Co gle.
3«2
Second.
4
836 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1805.
' Having the u(e of lands, to be deemed occupiers.
  To be in force for one year.
How paid on change of occupation.
Second.—Every perfon having the ufe of any lands or tenements, (hall be taken and confidered, for the purpofes of this act, as the occupier of fuch lands or tenements.
Third.—The faid lad-mentioned duties (hall, on each afleflment thereof, be in force for one year, and (hall be levied on the occupier or occupiers for the time being, without any new afleflment for that year, notwithftanding any change in the occupation thereof; provided every tenant on quitting the occupation (hall be liable for the arrears at the time of fo quitting, and for fuch further portion of time as (hall then have etapfed, to be fettled and levied by the refpective commiflioners, and repaid to the occupier or occupiers by whom the fame (hall have been paid; and the executors or adminiftrators of any tenant who (hall die before the end of fuch year (hall be liable in like manner as the teftator or inteftate would have been if living at the time of quitting fuch occupation: provided alfo, that every tenant quitting before the time of making the afleflT-ment, (hall be liable for fuch portion of the year as (hall have elapfed at the time of his fo quitting, to be adjufted and fettled by the refpective commiflioners.
                                                          No. VII. Rules for eftimating the annual Value of Properties before deferibed in Schedules (A.) and (B.) or either of them.
. Money payments, paid by landlord on 'account of occupier, to be deduced from the rent.
Amount of money paid by tenant on account of landlord, to be added to the rent.
 JF-or afeertain-ing rent according to price of corn or grain.
Firft.—Where any landlord (hall be fubject to any covenant or agreement to pay and fatisfy out of the rent referved on any lands or tenements, all or any parochial rates, taxes, or afleff-menrs, which by law are a charge on the occupier, or any rent or other annual payment to be made in lieu of tythes or teinds, or any composition for tythes or teinds, then and in every fuch cafe the rent (hall be eftimated for the purpofes of this act, excluflve of fuch rates, taxes, or afleflments, or of fuch rent or payment in lieu of tythes or teinds, or compoGtions for tythes or teinds, to be computed on the amount thereof fide paid by fuch landlord, in and for the year preceding the year of afleflfment.
Second.—Where any tenant of lands or tenements (hall be fubject to any covenant or agreement to pay and fatisfy all or any aids, taxes, rates, or afleflments by law chargeable on or payable by the landlord or landlords, then and in fuch cafe the amount thereof which (hall have been bond fide paid by fuch tenant in and for the year preceding the year of afleflment, (hall, in making the eftimate for the purpofe of charging the duty in refpect of occupation, be added to the rent referved, in cafe the fame (hall have been let within the period of (even preceding years, and if not fo let, the eftimate (hall be made according to the general rule in fchedule (A.) without regard to fuch payments.
Third.—-Where the amount of rent of lands referved in money (ball depend, in the whole or in part, on the price of corn or grain, the eftimate for the purpofes aforefaid (nail be made on
                                                                                               the
Go gle


I
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgu III. c. 49.          837
   the amount, payable according to the average prices or fiars fixed in the year preceding the year of afleflment, and in the fame manner by which fuch rents have ufually been afcertained between the landlords and tenants ; but where a whole or part of the rent fhall be referved in corn or grain, then the faid efti-mate fhall be made on the like average price or fiar, computed on the quantity delivered in the year of afleflinent; or where fuch computation cannot be made, the eftimate aforefaid may be made on the annual value of fuch lands, eftimated according to the faid general rule, as the cafe may require.
 Fourth.—Where the amount of rent referved on tenements, he- Andaccord-reditaments, or heritages, fhall depend on the actual produce ’nSto Pro* thereof, either in refpcct of the price or quantity of fuch pro- uce* duce, the eftimate for the purpofes of charging the duties in fchedule (A.) fhall be made on the amount or value of fuch produce in the year preceding the year of afleflinent, according to the prices fixed, and according to the quantity produced in the year of afleflment, by the fame rules and in the fame manner by which fuch rents have ufually been afcertained between the proprietors and their leflees or tenants.
 Fifth.—Every eftimate of fuch property in Scotland fhall be made In Scotland without reference to the cefs or tax-roll, or valued rents here- w*e to
   tofore ufed \n Scotland, or any ftent thereon, and fhall be made cording6^the according to the general rule contained in the fchedule (A.) to general rule, the beft of the belief and judgement of the commiffioners, afleflors, and others employed in charging the faid feveral duties.
    XXXIX. And be it enacted, That it fhall be lawful for the Notice to be afleflor or afleflors of every parifh,ward, or place in Great given in all
 and he and they is and are hereby required to give to or leave occupier* unnotice in writing with every occupier or occupiers of any lands, ief8 for fmall tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, to be charged under tenements, either of the faid fchedules 'marked (A.) or (B.) fituate within to return the the diftrict of fuch afleflor or afleflors, and every other perfon orva uc* perfons poflefling or entitled to the profits of any property before deferibed, fituate as aforefaid, his or their agents or factors, or at the laft or ufual place of abode of them or any of them, or on the premifes to be charged with the faid afleflment, requiring him, her, or them, to prepare and produce to the faid afleflor or afleflors, within twenty-one days next enfuing the day of giving fuch notice, an account in writing, in fuch form as fhall be directed under the authority of this act, of the annual value of fuch property, eftimated according to this act, and as the cafe may require; and upon every account fo delivered, it fhall be lawful for the faid afTeflor or afleflors to make an eftimate of the faid property on the amount of the fum afcertained by fuch account, if the faid afleflor or afleflors fhall be fatisfied with fuch amount; but if the faid afleflor or afleflors fhall not be fatisfied therewith, or if no fuch account fhall have been returned, or if the occupier or occupiers, or other perfons aforefaid, fhall not be refidem within the limits of the diftrict of fuch afleflor or afleflors,
                                                        then
     Co gle
                                           838 Anno regni quadrageflmo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1805.
             then the faid afleflbr or afleflors (hall make an eftimate to the beft of his or their judgement, of the annual value of the faid property of which no fufficient account (hall have been delivered; Foreftimating and in fo doing it (hall be lawful for fuch afleffor or afleflors, and lands and t<- he and they, in every cafe relating to lands or tenements to be nemcnts. eftimated according to the faid general rule, where the annual value thereof cannot be otherwise ascertained, is and are hereby required to make fuch eflimate according to the following rules; videlicet,
 To be made on the feme turns, if rated to the poor on full value.
 To be in-creafed to full value if made on proportionate fume.
 If in different proportions, the rats for lands to be the guide throughout.
 Where the proportions are not known.
                                  No. VIII.
            Firft.—Where the laft rate made for the relief of the poor in any pari(h or place (hall be made throughout by a pound rate on the annual value, as the fame would be eftimated according to fchedule (A.), the eftimate thereon'to he made under this act (hall be made on the fame fums refpectively as in fuch rate.
            Second.—Where the faid rate (hall be made throughout by fuch pound rate, or any proportionate part of the annual value as aforefaid, the proportion thereof (hall be obferved as in the faid rate, but the eftimate thereon to be made under this act (hall be made at the fame fums refpectively as they would have been eftimated at if the faid rate had been made on the full amount of fuch annual value.
            Third.—Where properties of different kinds (hall be rated in the faid rate, according to different proportions of the value thereof as aforefaid, or (hall be rated therein at different rates of fuch value, but neverthelefs the properties of the fame kind (hall be rated in a due proportion to each other, both as to the value and rate of charge, in every fuch cafe the rule of rating lands both as to the value and the rqte of charge, (hall, in making the eftimate under this act, be obferved throughout, as well with refpect to fuch lands as to the other properties therein rated, fo far as relates to fuch rates as (hall be made either on the full value of the properties, or on any proportionate part thereof.
            Fourth.—In all cafes not falling within the three laft preceding rules, but neverthelefs where the properties (hall appear to the afleflors to be rated in the faid rate, in the fame proportion to each other, though the proportion of fuch rate to the value of the property rated be not known, and the afleflors are able to afeertain the rack-rent of any property which (hall have been fo let within the period of (even years preceding, within the limits of the parilh or place where the faid afleflors (hall act, they (hall make an eftimate of fuch property on the amount of fuch rent, and the eftimate fo made (hall form the bafts on which the eftimates of other properties of which the rack-rent (hail not have been fo afeertained (hall be made; and they (hall make their eftimates of all other property in fums bearing the fame proportion, as near as the fame can be computed, to the amount of fuch firft eftimate, as the fums at which fuch other
                                                                                                property

1
  1805.'] Anno regni quadragefimo quintpGEORGii III. c. 49.         839
    property is valued at in fitch rate bear to the fum charged in the (aid rate on the faid property firft eftimated; and in cafes where the Tame rule of proportion (hall not have been obferved in rating different kinds of property, then the affeffors {hall make an eftimate, as above directed, upon each of fuch kinds of property, for the purpofe of forming a baGs on which the eftimates of other properties of the fame kind may be made.
     XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That where Affeflbr al-any meffuage or tenement, together with the offices, gardens, and lowed to efti. lands occupied therewith, or any lands feparately occupied, {hall fc|a!jegme&'c be under the annual value of ten pounds, and the affeflbr or affef- undergo/. * fors (hall be able to eftimate the faid value, either by the rules before-mentioned, or from his or their own knowledge, or other-wife, it (hall be lawful for" fuch affeflbr or affeffors to make an eftimate of fuch property accordingly, to the beft of his or their judgement, without giving fuch notice as aforefaid, unlefs the furveyor or infpector (hall object to fuch eftimate, and (hall require fuch notice to be delivered.
    XLL And be it further enabled. That in cafe any tenant at Affeffors may rack-rent (hall produce to the affeflbr or affeffors the leafe or “*ke their agreement, if in writing, under which he or (he holds any pre- fan^aton mifes, to be charged as aforefaid according to the general rule j production of and in cafe it (hall appear by fuch leafe or agreement that the the leafe by fame (hall have been let within the period of feven preceding tenant, years, and no other confideration in money than the rent re- the°rcferved ferved (hall be cpntained in fuch leafe or agreement, it (hall be rent, lawful for fuch affeflbr or affeffors to make their eftimate according to fuch rent, any thing before contained to the contrary notwithftanding; but fuch affeffment (hall not be binding in cafe it (hall appear to the commiffioners, that the faid leafe or agreement doth not exprefs the full confideration for the demife, or the rent bond fide paid for the fame, or is made in any other refpedt with intent to conceal the annual value of fuch premifes, or to diminifh the eftimate to be made thereon : provided always, that regard (hall be had to the cafes before-mentioned, where the amount of the referved rent (hall be increafed by reafon of any covenant or agreement by the landlord to difeharge the tenant’s taxes, rates, affeffments, or duties before mentioned, or where the fame (hall be decreafed by reafon of any covenant or agreement by the tenant to difeharge the landlord’s taxes, rates, or affeffments, and to the deductions to be made on account of any aid or publick rate or affeffment before deferjbed.
    XL1I. And be it further enabled, That no deduction from No deduction \ the affeffment on any lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heri-j° he made for tages, (hall be allowed in any cafe, unlefs an account in writing, an\*count be flgned by the occupier or occupiers thereof, or by the party delivered in claiming fuch deduction, dating the nature and amount thereof, writing.
 (hall have been delivered to the affeflbr or afleffors within the time and purfuant to the notice delivered by fuch affeflbr or affeffors, or to the refpeblivc commiffioners within fuch further
                                                       time
Co gle
PUE
 LIBF
840 Anno regniquadragefimoquinto Georgh TIT. c. 49. [1805.
Tenants at
rack-rent, under a parol demife, or not able to produce leafes, to deliver an account of the value,
Penalty on tenants delivering falfe accounts of the value of premifes.
 Tenants in Scotland to
 K* ice their on notice.
 time as they (hall think fit to allow on fufficient caufe being (hewn to them.
   XLIII. And be it further ena£ted, That in cafe any tenant at rack-rent, under any parol demife from year to year, within the period mentioned in the faid general rule, or any tenant who, by reafon of any mortgage or other contratt, ftiall not have the cuftody or pofleflion of, or the power over any leafeor agreement in writing under which he holds the premifes detnifed within the faid period, and who (hall give reafonable proof to the com-miffioners why he is unable to produce the fame, (hall deliver to the afleflor or afleflors an account in writing, figned by him or her, of the adlual amount of the annual rent referved on fuch demife, fuch account fo delivered (hall be deemed a compliance with this a£t, in all cafes where he may be called upon, under the authority of this a<5t, to produce fuch leafe or agreement, and it (hall be lawful for fuch afleflor or afleflors to make their eftimate according to fuch rent, any thing before contained to the contrary notwithftanding; but fuch afleflment (hall not be binding, in cafe it (hall appear to the faid commiflioners that the faid account doth not exprefs the full confideration for fuch demife, or the rent bond fide paid for the fame, or is made in any other refpeft with intent to conceal the annual value of the pre-mifes held under fuch demife, or to diminifh the eftimate to be made thereon.                                               ‘
   XLIV. And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch tenant who (hall wilfully deliver any fuch account which (hall be falfe, or who (hall wilfully produce any leafe or agreement with a fraudulent intent to conceal the annual value of the premifes therein comprized, or to diminith the eftimate to be made thereon, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, and (hall be liable to be charged in double the duty hereby charged, computed on the annual value of the premifes held under fuch demife, eftimated according to this aft; and the faid commiflioners ore in fuch cafe hereby required to make an afleflment accordingly.'
   XLV. And be it further enafled, That every tenant of lands, tenements, or heritages, in Scotland, (hall, within ten days after the afleflor of afleflors (hall have left at his or her ufual place of abode, or at any dwelling-houfe on the premifes to be charged with the afleflment, a note in writing to the effeft after mentioned (which fuch afleflor or afleflors are hereby required to deliver in every inftance) (hall produce to fuch afleflor or afleflors, the tack or leafe, or other agreement or articles in writing, under which he or (he holds fuch lands or tenements, or where the fame (hall not be in the power, cuftody, or pofleflion of fuch tenant, or there (hall be no fuch tack, leafe, or agreement of articles, then he or (he (hall leave with fuch afleflor or afleflors, or at his or their dwelling-houfe, within the time before mentioned, a note in writing, of the aflual rent annually referved and payable, and of any other valuable confideration giver, or to be given, to the landlord or landlords of fuch lands and tenements,
                                                                                                                       as
Go gle
 1805.] Annoregm quadragefimo qumto Georgii III. c. 49.                 841
 as a further confideration for fuch tenancy, under the penalty of treble the duty hereby chargeable thereon, in cafe of any wilful neglect to comply with fuch notice; and it (hall be lawful for fuch* afleffor or afleflors, to make his or their eftimate on the produ&ion of fuch leafe, or agreement or articles, according to the rent therein referved and made payable; and in cafe of non* produ&ion of fuch leafe or agreement, or articles in writing', then upon the rent referved or made payable, according to the account thereof delivered as aforefaid, if he or they (hall be fa-tisfied that the faid lands, tenements, or heritages, have been bona    fide let at the referved rent notified to him or them as afore-
 faid, without other valuable confideration; but in cafe fuch afleffor or afleflors (hall not be fatisfied with the notification given to him or them, or in cafe no fuch notification (hall be given, then fuch afleffor or afleflors (hal! make the eftimates as diredfed in the foregoing claufe.
    XLVI. And be it enadted, That the faid feveral duties (hall All properties be affeffed on all lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whether tobeafkfled; occupied at the time of affeffment or not; and fo far as refpedts the duties chargeable under fchedule (A.) in cafe any lands pied, diftrefs charged to the faid duties in any part of Great Britain (hall be may be taken unoccupied, and no diftrefs can be found on the fame at the afterwards, time fuch duties (hall be payable, then and in fuch cafe it (hall         -
 be lawful for the collectors of the pari(h or place where the faid lands are fituate, for the time being, at any time after,, to entet upon the faid lands when there (hall be any diftreffes thereupon to be found, and the diftrefs and diftreffes to feize and fell, under the like powers as they might have diftrained on the fame lands if in the occupation of any perfon or perfons charged to the faid duties at the time the duties became due: provided always, that AflVffment on the faid duties, hr either of them, fhall not be levied on any houfes, unoc-houfes which (hall have been or (hall become unoccupied for              **
 fuch year or portion of the year as the fame (hall be unoccupied, 8 ' ‘ but the affeffment thereupon for fuch year or portion of the year as aforefaid,* (hall, upon appeal, be difeharged or diminifhed by thecommiflioners, on due proof of the time in which fuch houfe has remained unoccupied.
    XLVII. And be it enabled, That where by any affeffme.it Mode of leyy-the duties hereby granted (ha!l be charged on tythes or teinds, u}g the duties and the fame fhall not be paid within the refpe&ive times li- ®on mited by this a&, it (hall be lawful for the collector and offic } to diftrain upon fuch tythes or teinds, or any other goods or chattels of the owner of fuch tythes or teinds, wherever the fame can be found, and to feize, take, and fell fo much thereof as (hall be fufficient for the levying the faid affeffment, under and fubj«& to the powers granted by the faid recited adls refpeclively in other cafes.
    XLVI1I. And be it enadled, That when any affeffment (hall Mode of levy-be charged on any compofition for tythes or teinds, or any rent ing the duties or payment in lieu of tythes or teinds, the occupier of the lands and premifes charged with fuch compofitions, rents, and pay-          ma-
                          .                               ments,  nors or royal-
   
 fairs, tolls, filheries, &c.
 How afleflors are to make their efti-mates.
 842 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.49. [1805.
 ties, markets, meats, (hall be anfwerable for the duties fo charged ; and where any afleflment (hall be charged on the profits of manors, or royalties, or of markets or fairs, or on tolls, filheries,ot any other annual or cafual profits not dillrainable, the owner or occupier, or receiver or receivers of the profits thereof, (hall be anfwerable for the duties charged thereon; and in every fuch cafe the col-ledor (hall diftrain upon fuch perfons refpedively, by any of the ways and means prescribed by the faid recited ads refpedively.
    XLIX. And be it enaded, That the refpedive afleflors ading in the execution of this ad, (hall make their certificates of valuation or eftimates on all lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or heritages, within the limits of thofe places for which they are to , ad, and (hall fet down the full and juft annual value of all fuch lands and premifes, eftimatcd in each particular cafe according to the diredions of this ad, together with the names and furnames of the occupiers and proprietors thereof, and (hall at the fame time deliver to the faid commiflioners all returns which (hall have been made to them, as well of fuch annual value as of any dedudion claimed to be made therefrom, fuch returns being firft progreffively numbered.
 Allowance to L. And be it further enaded, That for and in confideration the firft year’s the extraordinary care and pains requifite in making and afleflment. adjufting the firft year’s eftimate on lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, under this ad, the afleflor or afleflors, not being alfo the colledor or colledors, (hall have fuch allowance not exceeding two-pence in the pound, and the afleflor or aflef-fors, being alfo colledors, (hall have fuch allowance not exceeding one penny in the pound, upon all fums aflefled in the pari(h or place for which they ate appointed afleflors, as the commifiioners - ,-<i ( for general purpofes as aforefaid, (hall certify to the receiver-general they are refpedively entitled unto, which fums fo paid the receiver-general (hall be allowed in his' accounts; provided that where any afleflment (hall be increafed by the commifiioners to the extent of one third of the fums aflefled, or the commiffioners (hall from other caufes be of opinion that fuch afleflor or afleflors (hall not faithfully have performed his or their duty in the execution of this ad, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners, in their diferetion, to refufe the granting of any fuch certificate, or to fix the allowance before limited to fuch lefler fum as in their judgement they (hall think fuch afleflors are juftly entitled unto.
                                            Afleflors to LI. And be it further enaded. That whenever the afleflors tocomT for any parilh, ward, or place, (hall not be able to make their mi loners an efljmateg aCCOrding to the provifions of this ad, or (hall, be
 obflruded therein, it (hall be lawful for them to make application to any two or more of the commiflioners ading in the execution of this ad, for the diflrid where fuch afleflors (hall be appointed, or to any (urveyor or infpedor of the faid duties, who (hall feve-rally inftrud fuch afleflors in making their eftimates, and affift them in the execution of this ad, according to the powers and authorities veiled in them refpedively by this ad.
                                                                                                              LII. And
 furveyors for indrudions.


  1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quintoGEORGU III. c.49. 843
    LII. And be it enabled. That the afleflors to be appointed for Afleflors to the aforefaid duties in England, Wales, and ,
  (hall at the time of bringing in their certificates of valuations or fore the com" eftimates, if required fo to do, by any furveyoror infpeftor of the mifiioners. faid duties, give notice to the overleers of the poor of the parilh They and the or place where they fhall aft, to produce or caufe to be produced b^xaminTd* to the commiflioners for executing this aft, in relation to the before the faid duties, the book or books, or a true copy thereof, in which commiflion-fhall have been entered the rates made for the relief of the poor ers, to whom of fuch parilh or place, and alfo a true copy of the laft rate made be^ro-for the relief of the poor in fuch parilh or place, who fhall 2”^ and™ without fail deliver the fame to the faid commiflioners for their who may ufe; and the faid affeffors (hall declare in writing, figned by rectify the them, whether the faid rates are made on the full value of the properties therein, or in any and what proportionate part thereof, n y to the beft of their knowledge and belief; and the faid commif-fioners fhall, in cafe the faid furveyor or infpeftor fhall alledge and fhew to the fatisfaftion of the faid commiflioners that the faid eflimates, or any of them, have not been made according to - the direftions of this aft, examine the faid afleflors, and ^lfo the . overfeers of the poor for the fame parilh or place, or any of them, being duly fummoned for that purpofe, on their oaths or folemn affirmations, touching the proportions between the faid rates, and the value of the properties charged therein, and whether the properties, or any and which of them have been valued therein, at the amount, or at any and what proportion of the annual value thereof refpeftively, and what ought to be the juft proportion between the rates on the different properties therein charged, if the amount of the values thereof, and the fame proportion between the rates, had been obferved throughout the rate ; and alfo what property fhall have been omitted to be rated, and which of the properties in the parifh or place fhall be entitled to be affefied, on an average of the profits, according to this aft; and the faid commiflioners fhall carefully examine the eftimates made by the faid affeffors, with the laft rate made for the relief of the poor, in order that they may the better afeertain whether the faid eftimates have been made on all the properties fituate in each parifh, and according to the direftions prescribed by this aft, and from the refult of the faid inquiries may reftify the fame eftimates, in any particulars which in their judgement may be requiflte, before they make an affeffment thereon, as herein is direfted, and in fo doing may purfue, if they think fit, the rules in Number VIII. of this aft before-mentioned, relating to the faid rates for relief of the poor.
    LIII. And be it enafted. That for the better information of Commiflion-the commiflioners appointed to carry this aft into execution, and €rs anfl others the perfons to be appointed afleflors as aforefaid, and alfo the j^parifli^ furveyors and infpeftors, and the better to enable them to per- books to be form their duty, the faid commiflioners, or any two or more of produced them, and the afTeffors, furveyors, and infpeftors herein men- underpenalty, tioned, or any one or more of them, or any perfon or perfons
authorifed
 844 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii TIL c. 49. [1805.
             authorifcd by them or any of them throughout            , Walest
             and Berwick-upon-Tweed, (hall have liberty,  from time to time,
             and at all feaionable times, to infpeft and take copies of, or extracts from, any book or books kept by any parifh officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons, of or concerning the rates made for the relief of the poor, or any other publick taxes, rates, or affeflVnents, in any place within the limits for which they (hall be appointed; and if any perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody or power any of the faid books (hall be, (hall refufe or negleft to permit the faid infpeftion, or the copies or extracts to be made as nforefaid, or to attend the faid commiffioners with their books, when required fo to do in purfuance of this aft, then and in every fuch cafe, every perfon who (hall fo refufe or negleft, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor lefs than five pounds.
 AfTe(Tors In LIV. And be it further enabled. That it fhall be lawful for Scotland to  the aflfe{fors 'in each parifli or place in       , and they arc
 concerning6 hereby required, to take to their affiftance the fchoolmafter in the valuation, fuch pari(H or place, for the purpofe of making fuch valuation of the lands and other premifes within their refpeftive limits; and at the time of bringing in their certificates they (hall make oath of the truth of their valuation, and that the fame was made according to the bed: of their (kill and judgement, and (hall fubmit to be examined on fuch oath before the faid commiffioners, in all matters and things concerning the faid valuation, which the faid commiffioners (hall require for their information.
 Afle fibre and LV. And be it further enafted, That in cafes where the oc-to^viewfand* cuP,er or occupiers, or other perfon or perfons chargeable, upon fiirvey lands due notice, under this aft, (hall omit to produce an account in by order of writing as aforefaid, of the amount of the annual value of the cormniflion- property in his or their occupation, eftimated according to the ers-         general rule in fchedule (A.), or fuch other rules in the faid
             (chedule as are applicable to fuch property, or (hall have delivered an account with which the commiffioners for general purpofes (hall be difiatisfied, the fevera! aiTeffors, infpeftors, and furveyors authorifcd to aft in the execution of this aft, and every of them, throughout Great         , having firft obtained an order
             in that behalf, figned by any two or more of the faid commiffioners, fhall, after two clays notice to the occupier or occupiers thereof, have full power, at ail feafonable times of the day, to view and examine all or any lands or other property chargeable, in order to make fuch furvey thereof as herein-after is mentioned, or otherwife to afeertain the annual value at which the fame ought to be charged by virtue of this aft, and for fo doing fhall have liberty to enter upon any lands or grounds, whether in-clofed or not, and to value the fame, and to meafure and furvey the fame, if they cannot otherwife afeertain the annual value thereof.
 Cotnmiflion- LVI. And be it further enafted, That within a reafonable ers to make tjme after thc refpe&ive furveyors and infpeftors (hall have had
                                                                                                                       the
 .
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.           845
 the examination of the eftimates delivered by the afleflors in any afleffments on part of Great Britain, the faid commiflioners (hall proceed to ob'eded8 to* take the fame into cohfideration j and in cafe the furveyor or ^fmade to infpe&or (ball not haye objected thereto, and the faid commif- their fatisfac-fioners (hall be fatisfied that the faid eftimates have been made don. truly and without fraud, fo as to enable them, to charge the feveral properties contained therein, with the full duty which ought to be charged upon them refpcctively, the faid commif* , fioners (hall compute and afcertain, or caufe to be computed and afcertained, the amount of the duty fo chargeable, at the refpec-tive rates prefcribed by the faid fchedules, namely, of one (hilling for every twenty (hillings of the annual value fo eftimated, in refpedt of the property charged under fchedule (A.), and of nine-pence or fixpence for every twenty (hillings of fuch value, in refpe& of the occupation of property charged under fchedule (B.), according to the refpe&ive parts of Great Britain aforefaid in which the faid properties refpedtively are fituate, and (hall make afleffments upon the refpedlive occupiers of, or other perfons being in the receipt of the profits of fuch properties, of the feveral fums fo computed, at the refpe&ive rates before-mentioned.
   LVII. And be it further enabled. That in cafe the furveyor On objc&ion or infpc&or (hall have obje&ed to fuch eftimates, and (hall apply taken, the for a revifion thereof, fuggefting in writing to the commiflioners any error, miftake, or fraud in making fuch eftimates, it (hall be eftimates, and lawful for the faid commiflioners, according to the beft of their make afleff-judgement, to rectify fuch eftimates, fo that the duty to be com- mentsthereon, puted as aforefaid thereon may be fully charged, according to the intent and meaning of this adt, and to make their afleffments according to fuch re&ified eftimates, at the refpedlive rates, and in manner before mentioned.
   LVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That fo foon as the affeff- Amount of ments for any parifh or place under fchedules (A.) and (B.) (hall *ifeir<nent to be made, the commiflioners (hall caufe notice thereof, and of the bc 110 1 c day for hearing appeals therefrom, to be given, in fuch manner as they (hall judge expedient; either by affixing a copy of fuch afleflment on the church door, or any other publick place in the parifh, together with a note of the Jay of appeal, or by delivering fuch copy ro the affeffor or afleflors of fuch place, with fuch pub-lick notice as aforefaid, of the delivery and of the day of appeal, or by delivering to each party charged the amount of his or her afleflment, together with a note of the day of appeal, at leaft fourteen days before the day of appeal fo fixed.
   LIX. And be it further enadled, That if any perfon, liable Penalty for to any of the duties before mentioned, and being required fo to not making do in purfuancc of the diredlions contained in this adt in fuch return3> cafe, (hall wilfully negledl to deliver to the aflVflor or afleflors requiring the fame, a true, perfedt, and complete return or account of all the matters and things for which fuch returns or accounts may lawfully be demanded in purfuance of this atft, within the refpedlive times herein limited, he or (he fo offending
                                                        (hall
Co $le
JE
 846 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III, c. 49, [1805.
             (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds, over and above any duty chargeable by this aCh Surveyors and   LX. And be it further enaCted, That the furveyors or in-
 infpedtors to fpe&ors appointed or to be appointed as herein mentioned, (hall reUirnsCanSd° an<* they are hereby empowered to infpeCt and examine all afleflments, and every the returns made by any perfon or perfons chargeable with liberty to the faid duties, or any of them, according to the directions of toamendthem this a£^ ancj jn cafe any Qf them (hall be diflatisfied, either with furcharges the returns f° made, or the eftimate of the afleflor or afleflors thereon, or fhall difeover any error or omiffion in fuch eftimate, or that any deduction hath been allowed not authorifed by this aCt, they fhall charge the fame, according to the beft of their judgement, in the full amount at which the fame ought to bo charged; and the faid furveyors and infpeCtors fhall alfo be at liberty to infpeCt and examine all and every the afleftments of the faid feveral duties, or any of them, made under the authority of the refpeCtive commiffioners before mentioned, as well before as after the commiffioners (hall have figned and allowed the faid afl'eflments, and before fuch allowance to correCt and amend fuch afleftments, if Re or they (hall think fit; and every perfon in whofe cuftody fuch returns (hall be, (hall and is hereby required, upon the requeft of any fuch furveyor or infpeCtor as 4 aforefaid, to deliver the fame into his cuftody for the purpofes of this aCt, taking his receipt for the fame; and every perfon in whofe cuftody any fuch afleftments (hall be, (hall and is hereby required, upon the requeft of fuch furveyor or infpeCtor as aforefaid, to produce the fame, and fuch furveyor or infpeCtor is hereby authorifed to take charge of the feme, until he (hall have taken fuch copies of or extracts from the fame, as may be ne-/           ceflary  for his and their better information; and if any fuch fur-
             veyor or infpeCtor (hall, after any fuch lift or lifts, and afleflment or afleftments, (hall be fo refpeCtively made out, and figned and allowed as aforefaid, find or difeover upon his furvey or examination, or otherwife, that any perfon who ought to be charged with the faid duties, or any of them, (hall have been omitted to be charged therewith, or (hall have been under-rated,.or that any perfon liable to the faid duties, or any of them, and being required fo to do hath neglected or refufed to make a return according to the directions of this aCt, or that the afleflor or afleflors have negleCted to require a return in any cafe where a return ought to have been required from any perfon or perfons, according to the intent of this aCt, or that any deduction hath been allowed not authorifed by this aCt, fo that he or lhe (hall not have been charged to the amount which ought to have been paid by him or her, then and in every fuch cafe the faid furveyor or infpeCtor (ball certify the fame in writing under his hand, together with an account of every default, and the full amount of the duty which ought to be paid by way of furcharge, to any two or more of the faid refpeCtive commiffioners for putting in execution this aCt, in relation to the duties on which fuch fur-charge (hall be made, in order to have fuch default or under
                                                                     rate
 
 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 847
 rate re&ified in the faid afleflment; and fuch commiflioners are, upon the delivery of any fuch certificate, and upon oath being firft made that fuch notice as herein-after is directed was given    «
 to or left in writing at the dwelling- houfe or other place of abode of the perfon fo furcharged, hereby required to fign and allow the faid furcharges, and to caufe the faid afleflments to be rectified, and the faid duties to be levied accordingly,all which examinations and furcharges the faid infpedlors and furveyors are hereby empowered, to make from time to time until a full and complete afleflment (hall have been made of all the properties direAed to be charged by this a<Sh
   LXI. And be it further enabled, That no afleflment or fur-'No afleflment charge made or to be made by any afleflor or afleflors, furveyor bemadebv or furveyors, infpetfor or infpe&ors, by virtue of this acf, fhall any afl-effor or be impeached or affe&ed by reafon of any miftake or variance in furveyor, thall the chriftian or furname, or either of them, of any peifon liable be impeached to any of the duties payable by this a£t, nor by reafon of any any^ftake^ miftake in the defeription of any lands or other premifes charged therumesor in fchedule (A.) or (B.) or the rate of the duty furcharged, deferiptions. whether fuch miftake or variance (hall appear in the notice and certificate to be delivered or made in fuch cafe, or in either of them, but that all fuch afleflments and furcharges (hall be valid and effectual to all intents and purpofes, notwithftanding any fuch miftake or variance, provided the notice of furcharge be delivered to or left at the abode of the perfon intended to be fo furcharged, according to the dire£tions of this a<5t j and the duties intended to be deferibed (hall be chargeable on fuch perfon or perfons.
   LXII. And be it further ena£ted, That it (hall be lawful for Power of any perfon to whom fuch notice of furcharge (hall be given as *vo^.in8the aforefaid, at any time previous to the time appointed for hearing by'makin^^ appeals next after the delivery of fuch notice, to make out and return after deliver to the furveyor or infpedfor who (hall have delivered the furcharge, notice of furcharge,'a true, perfect, and complete fchedule of the an ^da-annual value, as the fame ought to be eftimated according to this Vl aanexe a£f, of all the property charged thereby, and which ought to be afleflfed by and under the commiflioners of and in the diftridk where fuch furcharge (hall be delivered, in fuch form as (hall be directed under the authority of this a£t, and as the cafe may require, fo that he or (he may, from fuch fchedule fo delivered, be charged to the faid duties the full fum at which he or (he ought to be charged by virtue of this a«£t in fuch diftridl: provided always, that to every fuch fchedule there (hall be annexed an affidavit in writing to the effe<5f herein-afier mentioned ; and if the faid furveyor or infpe&or (hall be fatisfied with fuch fchedule and affidavit, then he (hall certify fuch return and affidavit to two or more of the faid commiflioners refpe&ively, with the amount of the duty to be charged who (hall thereupon caufe the s^fleflment to be made according to fuch certificate, and the fame rate of duty as fet forth in the fchedules marked (A.) and (B.) to be charged on the perfon making fuch return, without further
                                                      trouble
      Co gle
 The form of affidavit.
                                           848 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Geohgii III. c. 49. [1805.
             trouble or delay; but if upon examination of fuch fchedule or fuch affidavit, the faid Purveyor or infpedor fhall fee juft caufe to objed thereto, he (hall thereupon certify fuch return and affidavit, together with the caufe of his objedion, to two or more of the faid comtniffioners refpedively, who (hall thereupon caufe the afleflment to be made according to fuch laft-mentioncd certificate, in the amount of the duty at which fuch perfon (hall be furcharged, and from which furcharge no abatement (hall be made on any pretence, unlefs on appeal as herein-after is dircded, of which certificate notice (hall be given by the Purveyor to the perfon to be charged thereby.
               LX11I. And be it further enabled, That every fuch affidavit (hall alledge and declare in fubftance, or to the effed as follows ; that is to fay, that the return to which this affidavit is annexed is a full, perfed, and complete return of all matters and things required of the faid deponent by this ad, to the beft of his or her judgement, which affidavit may be taken before any one or more of the commiffioners ading for the place where the furcharge (hall be made, or where the party furcharged (hall refide, and (hall be figned by the party making the fame: provided always, that an appeal may be made from any afleflment or furcharge as aforefaid, and heard and dyermined under the regulations of the Paid recited ads refpedively, and that fuch appeal may be made in the like cafes as are mentioned in the faid recited ads refpec-tively.
               LXIV. Provided alfo, and be it enaded. That if any perfon or perfons (hall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves refpedively over-charged or over-rated by any certificate of any jnfpedor or Purveyor as aforefaid, or by any afleflment to be made by virtue or in purfuance of fuch certificate, it (hallhe lawful for him, her, or them, refpedively, to appeal to the faid commiffioners in fuch manner as he or they are authorifed to appeal from any original afleflment or furcharge by the regulations of the faid recited ads refpedively.
   LXV. And be it further enaded, That upon the hearing of fchedule to be any fuch appeal^ or the appeal againft any original afleflment or pr uce . furcharge, the appellant (hall in all cafes produce before the faid commiffioners a true, perfed, and complete fchedule as direded by this ad as aforefaid, and as the cafe may require, and if required fo to do (hall verify the fame upon his or her oath or affirmation.
 The value of LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if lands may be Up0n appeal any difpute (hall arife touching the annual value of aduafvalua-y any mcfluages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, tion, by order and the commiffioners (hall deem it neceflary that a valuation thereof (hould be taken and made by any perfon or perfons of (kill, it (hall be lawful for them to dired the appellant to caufe fuch valuation to be made, the cofls and charges whereof (hall abide the final determination of the faid commiffioners, and it (hall be lawful for them to make an afleflment according to fuch valuation, and to require the fame to be verified on the oath or
                                                                                                 i affirmation
 Perfons overrated may appeal to the commiflion-ers.
 On appeal a
  of the com mUfioners.

                                                                                                                             \
 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.               849
 affirmation of the perfon or perfons making the fame; but in cafe the appellant (hall not proceed with effect to caufe fuch valuation to be made as aforefaid, the faid commifsioners (hall proceed to an afleflment, according to the beft of their judge-, ment, on fuch mefluages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages: provided always, that it (hall be competent to the faid commifsioners, in every fuch cafe where the valuation fo made (hall exceed the value put upon the fame mefluages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, by the appellant, to dire<5t the cofts and charges attending the fame to be paid by him ; but if they (hall be of opinion that fuch cofts and charges have not been incurred through any default of the faid appellant, they (hall dire<5f the fame to be paid by the collector or collectors of the parifh or place, who, on the certificate of any two or more commifsioners prefent at the time of the determination,
 /hall pay the fame, and the fums fo paid (hall be allowed to fuch colie&or or colleftors in his or their accounts with the receiver-general, on delivering to him or his deputy fuch certificate, together with the receipt and voucher for fuch payment.
   LXVII. Provided alfo, and be it further ena£led, That if the In cafe of difputefhall arife touching the valuation or relative value of the difpute on the properties throughout any parifh or place, it (hall be lawful for ^hi'ation’of the commifsioners to direft a furvey and valuation to be taken an the land in of all the mefluages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and heri- the parifh may Cages, in fuch parifh or place, and to give fuch directions re- betaken. fpe<51ing the payment of the cofts and charges attending the fame, either by the feveral and refpedtive occupiers thereof, in proportion to their refpedlive interefts, or by the collector, out of the monies in his hands of the duties granted by this a£t, as /hall appear to the faid commifsioners to be juft.
   LX VIII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That if on In cafe of fuch appeal the occupier of any fuch premifes held under any appeal, oc-demife at rack-rent, (hall produce and (hew to the faid commif- f“P*'ra|£cw" fioners the leafe, tack, or agreement, if in writing, or (hall prove   °r'
 by any lawful evidence to be produced on the part of fuch oc- proving hit cupier, in cafe there (hall be no fuch leafe or agreement in annual rent, writing, the annual amount of the rent at which fuch premifes commiflioner* are let, it (hall be lawful for the faid commifsioners, in cafe fuch [h^rate.^6 demife hath been made within the period of feven years mentioned in the faid general rule, and they (hall be fatisfied that fuch leafe or agreement doth exprefs the full conlideration for the demife, or that the rent bond fide paid for the fame h.ith been duly (hewn to them in evidence, and that fuch demife is made wholly on conflderation of fuch referved rent, without any'intention to conceal or diminilh the annual value of fuch premifes, or other fraudulent intention whatever, to abate and dedudt from fuch afleflment fo much as in their judgement will reduce the rate to a juft rate on fuch rent.
   LXIX. And be it further enabled, That if it (hall appear to Where lands the faid commifsioners, that any lands or tenements (hall have are aflcfled at have been aflcfled at an annual value Ufs'than the a&ual rentle<* the Voi. XLV.                       31   •                               u“
Co gle
YOi
 850 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georcii III. c. 49. [1805*
 afleflment at which the fame (hall be let, or if not let at iefs than the *®?ykerec- rcnt at which the fame might be let, it (hall be laiwful for the faid commifTioners to enlarge and increafe fuch affelTment to fuch fum as a like rate on fuch rent would amount unto, as well with refpedl to the rate on the property as the rate on the occupation of fuch lands and tenements.
 Surcharges, if LXX. And be it further enabled. That upon every fur* be"in™u1>Ie0 c^ar6e aH°we£l upon appeal by the faid commifiioners, upon the duty incer-  certificate of the forveyor or infpedtor, as directed by this adf,
 tain cafes. the affeffment (hall be made in double the rates of duty pre-
             fcribed in the fchedules marked (A.) and (B.) on the amount of the duty fo furcharged, which fum (hall be added to the affeffment, and colledted and levied therewith: provided always, that upon every fuch appeal, if the faid commifiioners (hall be of opinion that there was any reafonable caufe of controverfy on the part of the appellant on the fubjedf matter of appeal, and that the party hath not been guilty of any wilful default,
         >   negledt, or omifiion, nor wilfully done any aft with intention
             to defraud the revenue, it (hall be lawful for the faid com-miflioners who (hall have determined the faid appeal, although they (hall confirm or allow the furcharge, at the fame time to remit and (trike off the whole or any part of the double duty; Officers en- and the affeffor, furveyor, or infpedtor fo making fuch furcharge, titled to the (hall be and is hereby entitled to, and (hall have and receive double duty. for ^js own ufc> from the receiver-general to whom the duties (hall be paid, the overplus of the fum fo charged above the faid rate of duty, as preferibed in the faid fchedule, and which (hall not be fo remitted or (truck off as aforefaid, which overplus the commifiioners for executing this aft, who (hall have con* firmed fuch furcharge, or any two or more of them, (hall at the fame meeting certify under their hands, to the commif-ftoners for the affairs of taxes in England, and the barons of the court of exchequer in                      ; and the certificate of the
             faid commifsioners for the affairs of taxes, and barons, or any two or more of them refpectively, (hall be a warrant to the faid receiver-general to pay the fame.
 Penalty on LXXI. And be it further enadted, That if any infpedtor or infpe&ors and furveyor (hall wilfully make any falfe and vexatious furcharge, or furveyors wilfully deliver or caufe to be delivered to the commifiioners atiousTur-   f°r executing this adfc any falfe and vexatious certificate of
 charges.    charge, every fuch infpedtor or furveyor (hall forfeit to the
             party aggrieved any fum not exceeding fifry pounds, to be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjltr for offences committed in England, and in the court of great fefiions for offences committed in IValts, and in the courts of fefiion or exchequer for offences committed in Scotland, with full coffs of fuit: provided always, that nothing herein-before contained, nor any fuit by the party aggrieved in purfuance of this adt, (hall be conftrued to affedt, impeach, or defeat any adtion or information brought or to be brought againft any furveyor or
                                                                                                             infpedtor
 t- Co gle                                   '     NEWV0
    2805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 851
    infpedor in purfuance of the faid recited ads refpedively, for any corrupt, vexatious, or illegal pradices in the execution of bis office ; and it (hall be lawful for the judge before whom fuch infpedor or furveyor (hall have been convided of fuch offence, by indorfcment on the poftea, or for the court before whom fuch perfon (hall be convided, to mitigate the penalty at his or their difcretion.
       LXX1I. And be it further enaded, That the duty contained Recked duties in the fchedule marked (C.) as herein recited, (hall be aflefled   e
    and charged under the following rules, which rules (hall be rules, deemed deemed and conflrued a part of this ad, and to refer to the faid part of this lad-mentioned duty, as if the fame had been inferted herein under a fpecial enadment.
                         SCHEDULE (C.)
    The duty contained in fchedule (C.) as herein recited, (hall be By whom to paid by the perfon or perfons entitled unto the faid annuities, he p»*d. dividends, and (hares, his, her, or their executors, admini*
       Arators, or affigns, according to their refpedive interefts, and (hall be aireffed by the refpedive commiffioners for the purpofes of this ad in their refpedive diftrids where the parties (hall refide, or before the commiffioners hereby au-thorifed to be appointed for fpecial purpofes, for fuch of the faid duties as (halt have been fully paid into the bank of England, or (hall not have been aflefled by the refpedive commiffioners in their diflrids, as the parties (hall choofe, and (hall extend to all publick annuities whatever, except To what the flocks of publick companies otherwife charged by this ftock t|,c doty 1 ad, and except as herein-after is excepted.                   exten *"
►1
1 LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That ftoc^j°^
1 nothing herein contained (hall be conflrued to extend to charge focietic« the (lock or dividends of any friendly fociety eftabliflied under exempted, or by virtue of an ad, pafled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An afl for the encouragement and relief of friendly focietiety provided the property therein (ball be duly claimed and proved by any agent or fador on the behalf of any fuch fociety, or by any member thereof, before i the commiffioners authorised to be appointed for fpecial purpofes \ by this ad.
       LXXIV. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That Stock of r nothing herein contained (hall be conflrued to extend to charge charitable any corporation, fraternity, or fociety of perfens eflabliftied for ^'^ted*
                                                 I charitable purpofes only ; nor to charge the profits ariflng from any fuch annuities, dividends, or (hares, which, according to 5 the rules or regulations eftablilhed by ad of parliament, charter, decree, deed of trufl, or will, (hall be applicable by the faid corporations, fraternities, or focieties, or by any truflee or 1 trudees, to charitable purpofes only, and in fo far as the fame 1 (hall be applied to charitable purpofes only} provided the ap.
I                             31 2                      plication
  0 rf ci 1
)RK PUE
        Co gle
    8$z Anno regniquadt'agefimoquintoGEORGii III. c.49. [1805.
                plication thereof to fuch purpofes (hall be duly proved before the commifsioners for fpecial purpofes to be appointed under this ad, by any agent or fador, on the behalf of any fuch corporation, fraternity, or fociety, or truftee or truftees, or by any of the members or truftees.
    Not to extend LXXV. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That nei-ihenamVof      t*l,s a<^* nor any l^nS herein contained, (hall be con-
    commiflioners ftrued to extend to fuch part of the publick annuities as have of the na- been or (hall be transferred to the commifsioners appointed or tional debt. j0 be appointed by virtue of an ad, intituled.
                certain fums in the commijjioners at the end of every quarter of a yeqry to be by them applied to the redutlion of the national debt; and the governor and company of the bank of England (hall, from time to time, caufe to be tranfmitted to the commifsioners for fpecial purpofes to be appointed under this ad, an account of the total amount of (lock as (hall have been transferred to the t- ' faid commiffiohers.
    Not to extend LXXVI. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That to Hock in nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to extend to fuch the treTfury Part ^e ^a‘^ publick annuities as are or (hall be transferred ,        ’  to the accounts in the books of the bank of        ,in the
                name or under the defeription of the lord high-treafurer of England, or of the commifsioners of his Majefty's treafury, in purfuance of any all or ads of parliament; and the governor and company of the bank of England (hall, from time to time, caufe to be tranfmitted to the laid commifsioners for fpecial purpofes, an account of the total amount of (locks as (hall have been transferred to the faid refpedive accounts.
    Not to extend LXXVII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That to foreigners, nothing in this ad contained (hall be conftrued to extend to the profits ariiing from any annuities, dividends, and (hares, bond fide belonging to any perfon not being a fubjed of his Majcfty, and not being refuient in Great                 , during fuch
                time as the fame (hall continue the property of fuch perfon, provided that fuch property (hall be duly claimed and afeer-tained in the manner herein-after mentioned, reribns en- JLXXVIII. And be it further enaded. That every perfon and body politick and corporate, company, or fociety of perfons, return Hate- w^° be entitled unto any (hares of fuch annuities, (except ments. Sec. to annuities belonging to the Bank, Eafi Indiay and South Sea conw commiflion- panies, herein direded to be charged by the governors and cr9,        diredors of the faid companies refpedively, and alfo except the
                annuities payable to the proprietors at the exchequer, hereby direded to be charged by the commifsioners for penfions), (hall by force of fuch general notices as are herein-after mentioned, and without any particular notice for that purpofe, within the time limited in fuch general notices, in order to their being aftefled before the refpedive commifsioners in their diftrids, (except where a declaration (hall be delivered in order to their anfwering the full amount of duty, and paying the fame into the bank of England,under the regulations herein prescribed
                                                                                                            for
    » Goigle .                                       NEW YORK ...      •
    1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.49. 853
    for the conduit of commifsioners for fpecial purpofes to be appointed under this aft), deliver or caufe to be delivered to them or to their clerk, at fuch place or office as (hall be appointed for that purpofe, the like lifts, declarations, and ftate-ments, as perfons are herein-after required to deliver in rcfpeft of their profefsion or trade; in which lifts, declarations, and ftatements refpeftively, they fhall feparately and diftinftly fpecify the amount and defcription of the capital ftock from which fuch profits arife, and the amount of fuch profits, either for the period of one year or one half)-ear, as the parties fhall declare themfelves willing to be affelled, and the defcription of the perfon or perfons in whofe name or names the fame are vefted, and to whom the fame belong, and of any other perfon or corporation, company or fooiety, for whom fuch perfon fhall aft in any of the charafters herein-after defcribed ; and it fhall be lawful for the commifsioners, to whom fuch ftatement fhall be delivered, if they fhall be fatisfied therewith, unlefs the party (hall declare in fuch ftatement his or her intention to pay the duty into the bank of England, to make an afTeffment on the profits contained in fuch ftatement, to be levied at the rate before mentioned, as and when the dividends thereon become due on the amount of the dividends then payable half yearly, fo long as fuch ftock fhall remain unaltered, according to the provifions of this aft; and it fhall be competent to fuch commifsioners, in their refpeffive diftricfs, to allow fuch exemptions from or abatements of the faid duty, as are herein-after autho-rifed to be allowed on the account of income or maintenance of lawful children.
       LXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enafled. That Notice to be' whenever the capital ftock fo to be accounted for, or the given of inprofits arifing therefrom, fhall be increafed or diminifhed, the cr€a^e °jde-like ftatement, except where a declaration fhall be made 0fcr€aco oc • intended payment into the bank of Eng, fhall from time to time be given to the refpeflive affeffors, furveyors, or infpeflors of fuch increafe or diminution as is before required, in order that the afTeffment thereon may be altered or amended, which notice fhall contain the time from which fuch profits have been increafed or diminifhed ; and in cafe fuch profits fhall be increafed, and due notice thereof as aforefaid fhall not be given fo that an afTeffment may be duly made on fuch increafe, the perfon making fuch default (hall forfeit treble the duty by which fuch afTeffment ought to have been increafed; and no afTeffment ihall be altered, unlefs notice of the decreafe of fuch profits Chall be given in manner aforefaid, before the time when the aflcffment thereon became payable; and every fuch return fhall be renewed from year to year, or in default thereof the parties Ihall remain charged for that year to the amount contained in the former afTeffment, fubjeft to treble duty in default of fuch notice as aforefaid.
                     LXXX. And be it further enafted, That every perfon, cor- Commiflion-poration, company, or fociety whatever, entitled unto any fhares ^char*^“ndon
                                                                                                         in oc arge
y f 1
 Original frop-
RK PUBLIC
Co gle
    854 Anno regni qaadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1805.
 thole who nepleft to make returns.
in fiich publick annuities, except as aforefaid, who (hall not within the time herein limited for delivery of fuch ftatements, make a return thereof, to be charged in their refpe&ive diftridls, according to the directions of this adt, (hall be charged and aflefled to the duties contained in the faid lad-mentioned fchedule, by the commiffioners for fpecial purpofes to be appointed under this aCt, which faid commiffioners {hall from the bed information they can obtain, whenever it lhall be neceflary, mike an edimate of the profits of each perfon, corporation, company, or fociety, who (hall not already have been aflefled by the commidioners in their refpeCtive didrifts for the accruing profits, and {hall make an adedment thereon at the rate prescribed by this a&; and the faid commidioners for fpecial purpofes {hall have the like authority in all cafes where fuch returns {hall have not been made under the faid recited aid, in or for any year preceding the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five; and the fum fo adefled fhall be recoverable as a debt to his Majedy on record, in like manner as is directed by this a£t in other cafes.
     Perfont           LXXXI.  And be it further enabled, That every perfon who
     declaring their fhall declare his or her intention to pay the duty on the faid pay the duty dividends into the bank of England, (hall, as and when fuch ondividends dividends become due, deliver into the office of the commif-intotbe Bank, fioners for fpecial purpofes, the like account and defcription of fliall deliver a tj,e ftock whereon fuch dividends have been received, as is cminYasYs before required to be delivered by perfons paying the duty required to be where they refpe£tively refide, together with the receipt or cer delivered by r ~ ■ r                 *       ’          | ‘ '    ‘
     perfons paying the duty
 where they refide.
 Commiflion-
             tificate of fuch payment; which account, being checked and examined in the faid office, lhall entitle fuch perfon to receive, and to every fuch perfon (hall be granted, an acquittance for fuch payment, and for the duty chargeable on the dividends fo accounted for, without fee or reward.
               LXXX1I. And be it further enabled, That the refpedlive er8totranfmitcommiflfl0ncrs to whom any ftatements of the profits arifing miffionersYor ^rom fuch annuities as aforefaid (hall have been delivered in fpecial pur- any diflrift, (hall, as foon afterwards as can conveniently be poles cer- done, and before any affeflrnent thereon fhall be made, caufe tificates of the t0 be tranfmitted to the faid commiffioners for fpecial purpofes, dutyUcharKed t0 aPP°*nte<^ under this acfk, a certificate of the amount of on dividends. the profits arifing as laft aforefaid, which (hall have been returned to them as afleflable to or exempted from the faid duty under their cognizance, which certificates lhall refpc&ively contain the names and places of abode, or other deferiptions of the refpeiflivc perfons by whom fuch returns lhall have been made, and the particular flock of annuities on which fuch profits (hall arife j and all fuch other particulars as are herein required to be returned by the refpedtive parties to be aflefled to or exempted from the faid duty; and fhall alfo, upon demand by them, tranfmit to the faid laft-mentioned commiffioners, all certificates of exemption from, or abatements of the duties 0            contained in the faid fchedule marked (C.) which (hall have
                                                                                                                    been
  
    1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.49. 855
    been granted by them under the authority of this aft, in order that fuch exemption or abatement may be fully allowed, and the party be difcharged from any or a greater a(Te(Tment on that account, as the cafe may require, and to prevent an afleftment in default being made by the commiffioners for fpecial purpofes, according to the powers veiled in them by this aft.
       LXXXIIJ. And be it further enafted. That in order to the Account to due afieffment of perfons entitled to dividends or (hares of an- be delivered nuities payable out of the publick revenue, ail perfons and dividends1 corporations to whom the payment thereof Iball be intruded, fhall from time to time deliver an account of ajl fuch dividends and (hares to fuch infpeftor or furveyor as (hall be authorifed for that purpofe, under the hands of three or more of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, upon demand thereof, in like manner as the (latements of the income of fuch perfons and corporations are required to be delivered.
       LXXXIV. And be it further enafted, That every perfon Truftees, See. who as truftee, guardian, tutor, cufator, or committee, or as (exc.ept offi* . attorney, agent, or faftor of any perfon or perfons, whether hiding the* *' under incapacity or not, and whether redding in Great Britain controul of or not, and the chamberlain, treafurer, or other officer of any property, to corporation, company, or fociety in Great        , and every PaV ^ duty,
    other perfon who (hall in refpeft of any officq be in the receipt of dividends or annuities aforefaid, (except the accountant-general of the court of chancery, and the proper officer of any other court of equity, or other court in Great Britainy having the direftion and controul of any property verted in the faid publick annuities), (hall be anfwerable for the doing all fuch afts, matters, and things, as (hall be required to be done, in order to an affeflment being duly made in each cafe; and it fhall be lawful for every perfon hcrein-before deferibed, by and out of fuch dividends, whenever the fame (hall be received, to retain fo much and fuch part thereof, from time to time, as (hall be fufficient for the fatisfaftion and difeharge of fuch duty, and every perfon before deferibed (hall be and they are hereby refpeftively indemnified againft all and every perfon and perfons, corporations, companies, and focieties whatever, for all payments on account of the faid duty which they (hall refpec-tively make in purfuance of this aft.
       LXXXV. And be it further enafted, That the commif-Commiflion-fioners for fpecial purpofes, to be appointed under this aft,
    (hall have authority, and they are hereby required to make, apply to ^ from time to time, application to any court having the direc- courts having tion or controul of property arirtng from the faid publick an- controul of nuities, for fuch direftions and orders as may be neceflary to fecure a due afleflment of all fuch property as aforefaid j and fpefting the the order of fuch court (hall be binding upon the afts of the fame, faid commiffioners, as well as upon the refpective parties in-terefted in fuch property, as far as relates to the affeflment to be made under this and the faid recited aft, and the officers of fuch court (hall aft in obedience to fuch order in like manner,
    .                                                        and
     
 856 Anno regni quadragefirrio quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1805.
             and fuch order (hall be of the like effetl as if made in a caufe depending in fuch court.
 Sums paid LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That ^utedTides' *n a^ ca^s 'n which the title to any property under the con-to be repaid trou^ or ^'redlion of any court of equity or other court, in any to parties, if fuit depending or other wife, or the proportions thereof (hall be their (hares uncertain, either by reafon of any contingency to which the entitle them to fame maybe fubje£l, or by reafon of any difpute concerning apa cmen .       fame, or for any other caufe, at the time of the duty being
             charged thereon, and the fame (hall be paid according to the directions of this adl, either by the receiver or receivers of the profits, or by any officer of fuch court, and if it (hall appear upon the fettlement or afeertainment of fuch property, that the annual income arifing therefrom, or from any proportion thereof, belonging to any perfon, together with all other income of the fame perfon, (hall not have amounted to one hundred and fifty pounds p it (hall be lawful for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury tq order fuch relief as the party would have been entitled unto at the time of making the afieflment if the 'tide to fuch property had been then a(-certained, and to diredl repayment of the fums which (hall appear to them to have been overpaid, in fuch manner as to them (hall feem juft and expedient.
                LXXXVII. And be it further ena£led, That the regulations beV|ev(ed8as° ant* Pena^l‘cs refpedling the duties in fchedule (D.) for deli-to duties in vering lifts or declarations, or afeertaining or accounting for fchedule (D.) the duties therein mentioned, or for afteffing or furcharging the fame, (hall be ufed, praftifed, and applied in refpe& of the duties contained in the faid fchedule marked (C.) and the fums aftWTed by the faid commiffioners in refpeCf of the faid laft--mentioned duties, (hall be paid and difeharged by the like rules and regqlations, and under the like penalties, as are herein* after provided in refpedt of the duties contained in fchedule (D.) as herein recited.
 Duty on          LXXXVIil.    And be it further enacled. That in cafe any
 dividends, if fubjcCl of his Majefty (hall, after receipt of any publick an-not paid, may nujty as aforefaid, or any (hare therein, or any dividend thereof, jrfany°part of e't^er at the bank of England or fouth fea houfe, negledf to the United  be aflefled for the fame, and to pay the duty thereon, for the
 kingdom.   fpace of one calendar month thereafter, or (hall depart from
             that part of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, into any other part of the faid United Kingdom without being aftefled, and fatisfying and paying the duty payable on the (hare or dividend (o received, fuch duty (hall be recoverable as a debt on record to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, with full cofts of fuit, and all other charges .. attending the fame; ahd the like procefs (hall thereupon iflue at the inftance of his Majefty’s attorney-general for England or Ireland, or the advocate of             , againft fuch perfon, his or
             her eftate, goods, chattels, and effedls, according to the laws of that part of the faid United Kingdom wherein fuch pcrfoiv (hall
                                                       -             refide;

                                                        I
   1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinco Georgii III. c. 49.         857
   refidc; and fuch proceedings (hall be thereupon had for the recovery of the faid fum, and all cods and other charges attending the fame, as may lawfully be had in fuch parts of the faid United Kingdom refpeftively, for the recovery of debts due to his Majefty arifing within the fame, any law, ufage, or euftom to the contrary notwithftanding; and if any attorney, agent, or fa&or, except bankers, (hall receive any fuch annuities, (hares, or dividends, without paying the duty chargeable thereon, or delivering to the commiffioners for fpecial purpofcs, to be appointed under this att, a true account of the feveral fums fo received, and the names and rfefidences of the principals for whom he fo a<fts, every fuch attorney, agent, or factor, fo negle£ling, except as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and pay the duty fo payable.
     LXXXIX. And be it further enabled, That if any perfon. Penalty on having made his or her declaration to pay the duty on the divi- perfons neg-dends arifing as aforefaid into the bank of        , fnall jh^dut^on^
   negle<5l to pay the fame into the bank of        , and to dividends01
   deliver into the office of the fpecial commiffioners to be ap- intotheBank, pointed under the authority of this a«5f, the receipt of fuch pay- >n pursuance ment, together with fuch account as is herein-before required, °^^irown every fuch perfon (hall forfeit treble the duty payable on fuch dividends, which duty (hall be recoverable as a debt on record, with all cofts and charges, in the manner dire£led in the preceding claufe of this aft.
     XC. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted. That where the For afcertain-ftock of any perfons (hall (land in the books of the company of j?g foreign the bank of England, or fouth fea company, in the name of any ltock* truftee, agent, or faftor, for fuch perfons as aforefaid, fuch truftee, agent, or fadtor, except the accountant-general or officer of a court, having the direction and controul of the property as aforefaid, (hall be anfwerable for the faid duties, unlefs he (hall prove, on oath, before the commifsioners for fpecial purpofes, to be appointed under this aft, to their fatisfaftion, that fuch annuities, dividends, and (hares, bond fide belong to perfons not fubjefts of, his Majefty, and not refident in Great   , in
   which cafes the faid commifsioners are hereby required ftriftly to examine as to the perfons to whom fuch annuities, dividends, and (hares belong, and the refpeftive places of their ordinary refidences, and all other circumftances neceflary for their information, and to require from the calhier or camiers, or other officers belonging to the refpeftive offices where fuch dividends (hall be payable, fuch information refpefting the fame as the faid commifsioners (hall think neceftary, and to grant to the party making fuch application a certificate of fuch exemption : Certificateof provided alfo, that where the (lock of any perfon (hall ftand in beobtained the name or names of fuch perfon, or of any other perfon not refident in Great Britain, it (hall be lawful for the attorney, agent, or faftor, having authority by virtue of any letters or *' powers of attorney to receive the dividends arifing from fuch dock, to make fuch application as aforefaid to the faid com-
                                                    miftioners
          CO gle                      ,                    NEWYORKPaBUci
858 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1805. *
            miffioners for fpecial purpofes, and on due proof of the fevera^ circumftances before required, the faid cotnmiflioners (hall grant fuch certificate as before directed, in order that fuch exemptions may be duly carried into efteft.
On transfer XCI. And be it further ena£ted, That whenever the ftock for of fuch ftock which any fuch exemption (hall have been obtained, or any pari to^^acatcd* hereof, (hall be transferred or afligned to any perfon or perfons, and another ’ corporation, company, or fociety whatever, the faid exemption certificate to (hall ceafe ; provided always, that where the whole of fuch (lock or intcreft therein (hall not be fo transferred or afligned, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners on fuch proof as is herein-before required, on like application for that purpofe, to grant a like certificate for the purpofe of exempting the remainder of fuch (lock, and fo from time to time, fo long as any part of the faid ftock (hall continue to be entitled to the faid exemption.
   XCII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon (hall, with intention to defraud his Majeftyj his heirs or fucceftors, falfely or fraudently make any claim to be exempted either in his or her own behalf, or any other, from the duty contained in the faid fchedule marked (C.) contrary to the intent of this a£t, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, the fum of five hundred pounds; and if fuch claim (hall be made by any perfon in his or her own behalf, he or (he (hall moreover be liable to be aflefled in treble the duty to be charged on the faid annuities and (hares, at the rate preferibed by the faid recited adt.
 remainder when the whole is not transferred.
 Punifhing perfons pretending that ftock is the property of foreigners.
Recited duty XCIII. And be it further enacted. That the duty contained fD ) and *n fchedule marked (D.) as herein recited, (hall be aflefled rules, deemed an^ charged under the following rules, which rules (hall be part of this deemed and conflrued a part of this a&, and to refer to the faid aft*        laft-mentioned duty, as if the fame had been inferted herein
             under a fpecial enactment.
                                 SCHEDULE (D.)
To what the The faid laft-mentioned duties (hall extend to every defeription dUAl8extifnd* property or profits, which (hall not be chargeable or charged
to be paid!”11 to either of the faid duties contained in fchedules (A.) (B.)
               or (C.) and to every defeription of employment of profit, not chargeable or charged to the duty herein-after mentioned contained in fchedule (E.) and not fpecially exempted from the faid refpediive duties, and (hall be charged annually on and paid by the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, fraternities, fellow (hips, companies, or focieties, whether corporate or not corporate, receiving or entitled unto the fame, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefiors, and afligns, refpedlively.
Rules for af- Rules for afeertaining the faid laft-mentioned duties in the par-
pertaining the             ticular cafes herein-mentioned,
duties.
               Firft cafe.—Duties to be charged in refpeft of any trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, in the nature of trade.
                                                                                                             Firft.

1805.] Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c.49* 859
Firft.—The duty to be charged in refpect thereof (hall be com- Computation puted on a futn not left than the full amount of the balance of of <juty on the profits or gains of fuch trade, manufacture, adventure,tra e* or concern, upon a fair and juft average of three years, ending on fuch day of the year immediately preceding the year of * afleftment, on which the accounts of the faid trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, (hall have been ufually made up, or on the fifth day of dpril preceding the year of afleftment,
   and (hall be aftefted, charged, and paid, without other deduction than is herein-after allowed: provided always, that in cafes where the trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, (hall have been fet up and commenced within the faid period of three years, it (hall be lawful to make the computation for one year on the average of the balance of the profits and gains from the period of firft fetting up the fame: provided all'o, that in cafes where the trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, .
   (hall have been let up and commenced within the year of afleftment, it (ball be lawful to make the computation according to the rule in the fixth cafe of this fchedule.
Second.—The faid duty (hall extend to every perfon or perfons. To whom the bodies politick or corporate, fraternities, fellowlhips, com-duty extends, panies, or focieties, and to every art, myftery, adventure, or concern, carried on by them refpectively in Great Britain or ellewhere, as aforefaid, not charged under fchedule (A.)
Third.—The amount of duty charged under fchedule (B.) on Dutieson any tenements, or buildings whatever, occupied and ufed buildings oc-wholly and exclufively for the purpofe of trade, manufacture,         to
   adventure, or concern aforefaid, (hall be deducted from the be ajiowed. duty charged on the profits of fuch trade, manufa&ure, adventure, or concern, under this fchedule marked (D.) on due proof thereof before the commiflioners for executing this act.
Fourth.—In eftimating the balance of profits and gains charge- Deductions able under fchedule (D.), or for the purpofe of affeffing the not to be duty thereon, no fum or fums fhall be fet againft or deducted avowed, from, or allowed to be fet againft or deducted from, fuch profits or gains, on account of any fums expended for repairs of premifes occupied for the purpofe of fuch trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern; nor for any fum expended by them for the fupply or repairs, or alterations of any implements or utenfils or articles employed for the purpofe of fuch trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, beyond the fum ufually expended for fuch purpofes, according to an average of three years preceding the year in which fuch afleftment (hall be made; nor on account of lofs not connected with or arifing out of fuch trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern; nor on account of any capital withdrawn therefrom ; nor for any fums employed or intended to be employed as capital, or in improvement of premifes occupied for the purpofe of fuch trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern; nor on account or under pretence of any intereft which might have been made on fuch fums if laid out at intereft; nor for any debts except fuch
debts
860 Anno rcgni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.49. [1805.
               debts or fuch parts thereof as {hall be proved to the fatisfa&ion of the commiflioners refpedively to be irrecoverable and def-perate j nor for any average lofs beyond the a&ual amount of lofs after adjuftment; nor for any fum recoverable under an infurance or contrail of indemnity.
             Fifth.—In eftimating the amount of the profits and gains arifing as aforefaid, no deduilion (hall be made on account of any annual intereft, or any annuity, or other annual payment, payable out of fuch profits or gains, except the intereft of debts due to foreigners n6t refident in Great Britain.
               Second cafe.—The duty to be charged in refpeil of profefllons, employments, or vocations.
             Firft.—The duty to be charged in re(pe£t thereof (hall be computed at a fum not lefs than the full amount of the balance of the profits, gains, and emoluments of fuch profelfions, employments or vocations, (after making fuch deductions and no other as by this act are allowed) within the preceding year, ending as in the firft cafe, to be paid on the ailual amount of fuch profits or gains, without any deduction, fubjeCt to the like provifions as are made in the firft cafe, in refpeCt of the period of average in the cafes of fetting up and commencing fuch profeflion, employment, or vocation, within the period herein limited. The third, fourth, and fifth rules in the firft cafe (hall alfo extend to the profits arifing under the fecond cafe.
In eftimating the balance of the profits or gains to be charged fi  according to either of the firft or fecond cafes, no fum or fums
aid fecondr {ball be ^et a?ainft> deduded from, or allowed to be fet againft
cafes.         'or deduded from, fuch profits or gains, for any difburfements
               or expences whatever, not being money wholly and exclufively laid out or expended for the purpofes of fuch trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, or of fuch profeflion, employment, or vocation; nor for any difburfements or expences of maintenance of the parties, their families, or eftablifhments; nor for rent, or value of any dwelling houfe or domeftick offices, or any part of fuch dwelling houfe or offices, although ufed for the purpofes of fuch trade, or concern, nor for any other domeftick or private purpofes, diftind from the purpofes of fuch profeflion, employment, or vocation.
No deduction for annual intereft.
Computation of duty on profeffions.
Deductions not to be al.
                         Third cafe.—The duty to be charged in refpedof profits of an uncertain annual value not charged in fchedule (A.)
Computation of duty on uncertain profits.
On intereft not being annual.
             Firft.—The duty to be charged in refped thereof {hall be computed at a fum not lefs than the full amount of the profits or gains arifing therefrom within the preceding year, ending as in the firft cafe, to be paid on the actual amount of fuch profits or gains, without any deduction,-Second.—The profits on all exchequer bills, and other fecurities bearing intereft payable out of the publick revenye, and on all difcounts, and on all intereft of money not being annual intcreft,
                                                                                                             payable
Go
gle
1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii HI. c. 49. 861
       payable or paid by any perfons whatever, (hall be charged according to the preceding rule in this cafe.
          Fourth cafe.—The duty to be charged in refpect of intereft Computation arifing from fecurities in Irelandor in the Britifh planta- duty from tions in America, or in any other of his Majefty’s do- jrcland^&c. minions out of Great Britain, and foreign fecurities.
     The duty to be charged in refpect thereof (hall be computed on a Cum not lefs than the whole and juft fum and fums (To far as the fame can be computed) which have been or will be received in Great Britain in the current year, without any deduction or abatement.
           Fifth cafe.—The duty to be charged in refpect of pofleflions Computation in Ireland,or in the Britijh plantations in America, or in of duty' from any other of his Majefty’s dominions out of Great             ,f^-iand &c!*
              and foreign pofleflions.                                          *
     The duty to be charged in refpect thereof (hall be computed at not lefs than the full amount of the actual fums annually received in Great Britain, either for remittances from thence payable in Great Britain, or from property imported from thence into                 Great Britain,or from money or value received in
        Great Britain, and arifing from property which (hall not have been imported into Great Britain, or from money or value fo received on credit, or on account in refpect of fuch remittances, property, money, or value, brought or to be brought into Great Britain, computing the fame on anr average of the‘three preceding years, as directed in the firft cafe, without deduction or abatement.                               «
          Sixth cafe.—The duty to be charged in refpect of any Computation annual profits or gains not falling under any of the fore- of duty on going rules, and not charged by virtue of any of the p"0fit!gllbed other fchedules contained in this act.                    p
     The nature of fuch profits or gains, and the grounds on which the amount thereof (hall have been computed, and the average ; taken thereon (if any) (hall be ftated to the commiflioners; and the computation (hall be made on the amount of the full value of the profits and gains received annually, or according to fuch average as aforefaid as (hall be directed by the faid commiflioners, to the beft of the knowledge and belief of the perfon or perfons in receipt of the fame or entitled thereto.
                                                         1
        XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- Perfons carry-thing herein contained (hall be conftrued to reftrain any perfon ingon two or perfons carrying on, either folely or in partnerfhip, two or or more con* more difiin& trades, manufaftures, adventures, or concerns, in the "helots nature of trade, the profits whereof are made chargeable under fuftained in the rules of fchedule (D.), from deducting or fetting againft the one^gainft profits acquired in one or more of the faid concerns, the excefsthc P.rojjt? of the lofs or loflcs fuftained in any other of the faid concerns, *he othercon-
                                                                over cern.
       Co gle
  £62 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.49. [1805.
              over and above the profits thereof, in fuch manner as may be done under this alt, where a lofs (hall be deducted from the profits of the fame concernj and the refpe&ive commiffioners (hall have authority to allow fuch deductions as in other cafes, and to afTefs fuch perfon or perfons accordingly.
  Temporary XCV. And be it further enaCted, That any fubjelt of his be^chargedas Adajefty, whofe ordinary refidence (hall have been in Great residents. Britain, and who (hall have departed from Great      , and  gone
              into any parts beyond the Teas for the purpofe only of occafional refidence, at the time of the execution of this alt, (hall be deemed, notwithftanding fuch temporary abfence, a perfon chargeable to the duties mentioned in this alt, as a perfon altually redding in Great Britain, and (hall be aflefled and charged accordingly (in manner hereinafter direlted) upon the whole amount of his or her profits or gains, whether the fame fhall arife from property in Great Britain or elfewhere, or from any allowance, annuities, or ltipends, except as herein is excepted, or from any profeffion, employment, trade, or vocation in Great Britain or elfewhere. Temporary       XCV I.  Provided always, and be it further enalted. That no
t refid'nt*10 bc perfon who (hall, on or after the palling of this alt, altually be (^months *n Great Britain for fome temporary purpofe only, and not with refidence. any view or intent of eftablilhing his or her refidence therein, and who (hall not altually have redded in Great Britain for the period of dx fucceffive calendar months, fhall be charged with the faid duties as a perfon redding in Great Britain, in refpclt of the profits or gains received from or out of any poflef&ons in Ireland^ or any other of his Majefty’s dominions, or any foreign pofleflions,or from fecurities \n Ireland,or any other of hisMajcfty’s dominions or foreign fecurities; but neverthelefs every fuch perfon fhall, after fuch fix months refidence therein, be chargeable for the fame from the commencement of the year, in cafe fucb perfon fhallhave been then reddent in Great                       , or if not fo
              reddent, then from the period of his or her having come into Great Britain.
  Perfons claim- XC VII. Provided alfo, and be it further enalted. That any ing exemption perfon who fhall depart from Great Britain after claiming fuch f nh^rehUrnI exemption, and (hall again return to Great Britain before the fifth o c argeo. ^ ^ jfprH next after fuch claim made, (hall be chargeable to the faid duties as a perfon redding in Great                 , for the whole
              of the year in which fuch claim (hall have been made.
  Corporation XCVIII. And be it further enalted, That all bodies politick, officers to be corporate, or collegiate, companies, fraternities, fellowships, or charged with focicties of perfons, whether corporate or not corporate, (hall be **          chargeable  with fuch and the like duties as any perfon or perfons
              will, under and by virtue of this alt, be chargeable with, and that the chamberlain, or other officer acting as treafurer, auditor, or receiver for the time being of every fuch corporation, company, fraternity, fellowfhip, or fociety, (hall be anfwerable for doing all fuch acts, matters, and things, as (hall be required to be done by virtue of this act, in order to the afieffing fucb corporations, companies, fraternities, fellowfhips, or focicties, to the duties granted by this act. and paying the fame.
                                                                                                       XCIX. And *
 
 1805.3   Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.          863
   XCIX. And be it further enacted, That the truftee or truftees, Truftees, guardian or guardians, tutor or tutors, curator or curators, com- 8!*jrd,ans* mittee or committees, of any perfon or perfons being infants, or tobcchargcd! married women, lunaticks, idiots, or infane, having the direction, controul, or management of the property or concerns of fuch, infants, married women, lunaticks, idiots, or infane perfons, whether fuch infants, married women, lunaticks, idiots, or infane perfons, (hall refide in Great Britain or not, (hall be chargeable to the faid duties, in like manner as and to the fame amount, as would be charged if fuch infants were of full age, or fuch married women were foie, or fuch lunaticks, idiots, or inlane perfons, were capable to act for themfelves; and any perfon or perfons not refi-dent in Great Britain, whether fubjcdts of his Majefty or not,
 (hall be chargeable in the name or names of fuch truftee or truftees, guardian or guardians, tutor or tutors, curator or curators, committee or committees, or of any agent or agents, or receiver or receivers, having the receipt of any profits or gains arifing as herein-mentioned, and belonging to fuch perfon or perfons, in the like manner, and to the like amount as would be charged if fuch perfons were refident in Great Britain, and in the actual receipt thereof; and every fuch truftee, guardian, tutor, curator, committee, agent, or receiver, (hall be anfwerable for the doing all fuch a&s, matters, and things, as (hall be required to be done by virtue of this a&, in order to the affefling fuch perfons to the duties granted by this a&, and paying the fame.
   C. And be it further enafted. That the receiver or receivers Truft pro-appointed by the court of chancery, or by any other court in Perty the Great Britain, having the direction and controul of any property chancery, in refpe& whereof a duty 13 charged as laft-mentioned, whether the title to fuch property (hall be uncertain or not, or fubjeft to any contingency or not, or be depending, or be not afeertained by reafon of any difpute or other caufe, (hall be chargeable to the faid duties, in like manner and to the like amount as would be charged if the faid property was not under the dire&ion and controul of fuch court, and the title thereto was certain, and not fubjed to any contingency whatever; and every fuch receiver fhall be anfwerable for doing all fuch matters and things as (hall be required to be done by virtue of this a£t, in order to the afiefT-ing the duties granted by this a&, and paying the fame.
   Cl. And hie it further ena<Sted, That any married woman Married wo-a<f\ing as a foie trader by the cuftom of any city or place, or mcn* otherwife, (hall be chargeable to fuch and the like duties, and in like manner, except as herein-after is mentioned, as if (he was aduallyfole and unmarried: provided always, that the profits of any married woman living with her hufband (hall be deemed the profits of the hufband, and the fame (hall be charged in the name of the hufband, and not in her name, or of her truftee or truftees: provided alfo, that any married woman living in Great Britain fcparatc from her hufband, whether fuch hufband fhall be temporarily abfent from her or from Great Britain, or otherwife, who <b«U receive any allowance or remittance from property out of
Great
     Co gle
864 Annoregni quadragefimoquinto Georg 11 Ilf. c. 49J [1805.
Truftees of perfons of full age refident to deliver names and refidenqcs.
Truftees and officers of corporations may retain the duties.
Duty on trade how to be charged.
                   Great Britain, fhall be charged as a feme foie, if entitled thereto in her own right, and as the agent of the hufband, if (he receive the fame from or through him, or from his property or on his credit.
                      CII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no truftee who (hall have authorifed the receipt of the profits ariftng from truft property, by the perfon or perfons entitled thereunto, or by his, her, or thetr refpeCtive agent or agents, and which perfon or perfons (hall actually receive the fame under fuch authority, nor any agent or receiver (being refpeCtively bankers, or acting as fuch, and receiving property as fuch bankers, or perfons aCting as fuch, and not as truftees) of any perfon or perfons being of full age, and refident in Great Britain (other than married women, lunaticks, idiots, and infane perfons) who (hall return a lift in the manner herein-after required of the names and refi-dences of fuch perfons, (hall be required to do any other aCt for the purpofe of afleffing fuch perfons, unlefs the commi(Eoners aCting in the execution of this aCt, in rcfpeCt of the afleftment to be made on fuch perfons, (hall require the teftimony of fuch truftees, agents, or receivers, in purfuance of the directions herein-after given.
                      CIII. And be it further enacted, That where any perfon being truftee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee of or for any perfon or perfons, (hall be afleflod as hereinafter mentioned, in refpect of fuch perfon or perfons, or where any chamberlain, treafurer, or other officer of any corporation, company, fraternity, or fociety, (hall be fo aflcfled in refpect of fuch corporation, company, fraternity, or fociety as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for every perfon or perfons who (hall be fo afleflfed, by and out of the money which (hall come to his or her hands as fuch truftee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, committee, or curator, as aforefaid, or as fuch chamberlain, treafurer, clerk, or other officer, to retain fo much and fuch part thereof, from time to time, as (hall be fufficient to pay fuch aflefTment; and every fuch truftee, agent, or receiver, guardian, tutor, committee, or curator, chamberlain, treafurer, clerk, or other officer, (hall be, and they are hereby refpectively indemnified againft all and every perfon and perfons, corporations, companies, fraternities, or focieties whatfoever, for all payments which they (hall refpectively make in purfuance and by virtue of this act.
                      CIV. And be it further enacted, That the computation of the duty to be charged in refpeCt of any profeffion, trade, or manufacture, or any adventure or concern, whether carried on by any perfon fingly, or by any one or more perfons jointly, or by -any corporation, company, fraternity, or fociety, (hall be made exclusive of the profits or gains ariftng from lands, tenements, or hereditaments, occupied by joint partners for the purpofe of fuch profeffion, trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern; and the computation of duty ariftng in refpeCt of any profeffion, trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern, carried on by two or more perfons jointly, (hall be made and dated jointly and in one fum.
   
  1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.                  86$
  and feparately and diftindtjy from any other duty chargeable on
  the fame perfons, or either or any of them ; and that the return
  of the partner who (hall be firft named in the deed, inftrument,
  or other agreement of copartnerfhip (or where there fhall be no
  fuch deed, inftrument, or agreement, then of the partner who '
  fhall be named fingly or with precedence to the other partner or
  partners, in the ulual name, ftile, or firm of fuch copartnerfhip j
  or where fuch precedent partner (hall not be an adting partner,
  then of the precedent adting partner) and who fhall be refident
  in Great Britain, and who is hereby required to make fuch return
  on behalf of himfelf, and the other partner or partners, whofe
  names and refidenccs fhall alfo be declared in fuch return, and
  fhall be fufficient authority to charge fuch partners jointly:
  provided always, that where no fuch partner fhall be refident in
  Great Britain, then the ftatements fhall be prepared and delivered
  by their agent, manager, or fadtor, refident in Great            ,
  jointly for fuch partners, and fuch joint afieflments fhall be made
  in the partnerfhip name, ftile, firm, or defeription : provided alfo,
  that if the faid partners fhall declare the proportions of their
  refpedtive fhares in fuch profeflion or concern, in order to a               •
  feparate afTeflment, it fhall be lawful to charge them feparately
  and refpeclively at the rate which fuch proportions fhall be
  chargeable with by virtue of this adt; but if no fuch declaration
  be made, then fuch afTefTment fhall be made jointly according to
  the amount of the profits and gains of fuch partnerfhip: provided
  alfo, that any joint partner in fuch profeflion or concern which
  fhall have been already returned by fuch precedent partner as
  aforefaid, may return his name and place of abode, and that he is
  fuch partner, without returning the amount of duty payable in
  refpedt thereof, unlefs the commiffioners refpedtively fhall think
  proper to require further returns, in which cafe, it fhall be lawful
  for fuch commiffioners to require from every fuch partner the
  like returns, and the like information and evidence, as they are
  hereby entitled to require from the partner making the return of
  duty.
    CV. And be it further enadted, That if amongft any perfons In cafe of engaged in any profeflion, trade, manufacture, adventure, or change of concern in partnerfhip together, any change fhall take place in any fuch partnerfhip, either by death or diffolution of partnerfhip charged on as to all or any of the partners, or by admitting any other partner the profits therein before the time of making the afleflmenr, or within the antecedent to period for which the afTeflment ought to be made under this adt, cljai8c* or if any perfon fhall have fucceeded to any profeflion, trade, or manufacture, or any adventure or concern within fuch refpedtive periods as aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for the faid refpedtive com-miffioners, and they, and alfo the party or parties interefted, and every officer adting in the execution of this adt, fhall compute and afeertain the duty payable in refpedt of fuch partnerfhip, or any of fuch partners, or any perfon fucceeding to fuch profeflion, trade, or manufacture, or adventure, or concern, according to the profits and gains of fuch bufinefs derived during the refpective Vol. XLV.                          3K                      periods
                                                      Drigiral from YORK PUBLIC LIB
Go gle
   866 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.49. [1805.
              periods herein mentioned, notwithftanding fuch change therein, or fucceffion to fuch bufmefs as aforefaid, unlefs fuch partners or partner, or fuch perfon fucceeding to fuch bufinefs as aforefaid, (hall prove, to the fatisfaftion of the faid refpeftive commiflioners, that the profits and gains of fuch bufineis have fallen fhort or will fall fhort, from lome fpecifick caufe to be alleged to them, fince fuch change or fucceffion took place, or by reafon thereof. fr°Und°hown CVI. And be it further enafted, That the duty to be aflefled to be aflelTed. ^ v*rtue *nis aft, in refpeft of the profits or gains arifing from pofTeffions or fecurities in             , upon any perfon refident in
              Great Britain as aforefaid, may be (fated to and aflefled by the refpeftive additional commiflioners afting for the refpeftive places where the perfons receiving or entitled unto the fame (hall refide, under the regulations herein-after mentioned; and if the fame (hall be received by any agent, attorney, or faftor, fuch agent, attorney, or faftor, (hall make fuch return of the name and place , of abode of the perfon entitled thereto, as is herein required to be made of other perfons of full age refident in       , or     if
              not of full age, (hall be anfwerable for doing all afts, matters, and things, as (hall be required by this aft to be done, in order to the afleffing fuch profits to the faid lad-mentioned duties, and paying the fame.
   Perfons hold- CVII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the ing offices 111 refpeftive perfons holding offices in , or ferving in parlia*
   refident inC" mcnt> who toall or may be exempted from any duties under the Great Britain, management of the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, (hall, as fuch to be under the like circumflances under which fuch exemptions are to rhia^SAa^leras claimed, be chargeable to the duties under this aft, in like dent out ft * manner only as fubjefts of his Majefty redding out of Great Great Britain. Britain.
   Duties on CV11I. And be it further enafted, That the duty to be aflefled profits of by virtue of this aft, in refpeft of the profits or gains arifing from cotomal pof- f°re'gn pofleffions or foreign fecurities, or in the Britijb planta-feifions of fe- tions in Amenta* or in any other of his Majefty’s dominions, may curities where be dated to and aflefled by the refpeftive commiflioners afting to be charged, for the refpeftive places herein-after mentioned ; London*
              Brijlol*                  Liverpool> and Glafaccording to the regulations
              herein-after mentioned, as if fuch duty had been aflefled upoa the profits or gains arifing from trade or manufacture carried on in fuch places refpeftively, and fuch duty (hall be dated to, and aflefled and charged by the commiflioners afting for fuch of the faid places at or neared to which fuch property (hall have been firft imported into Great Britain* or at or neared to which the perfon who (hall have received fuch remittances, money, or value from thence, and arifing from property not imported as aforefaid, (hall refide j and, in default of the owner or proprietor thereof being charged, the truftee, agent, or receiver of fuch profits or gain (hall be charged for the fame, and (hall be anfwerable for the doing all fuch afts, matters, and things, as (hall be required by this aft to be done, in order to the afleffing fuch profits to the duties granted by this aft, and paying the fame, whether the perfon
  Go
  iSc>5.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 867
  Ton or perfons to whom the laid profits belong (hall be refident in Great Britain or not.
                                                  CIX. And be it further enacted, That for the ordering, railing. Additional
  and levying the duties contained in fchedule (D.), the additional c°nyniflion-^ df w              #                      I   /#               er$ tor levying
                                              commiflioners authorifed to be named or felefted as aforefaid, thtf duties tn
  fhall, at the firft meeting to be held under this aft, or at a meet- fchedule (D.) ing to be appointed for that purpofe, or any two of them prefent to fummon at fuch meeting, direct their precept or precepts to fuch perfoti a^e^ors-and pcrfons as the commilfioners for general purpofes fhall have appointed afleffor or aflefTors for th$ execution of this aft, or in cafe no fuch appointment fhall have been made, then to the af-feflor or aflefTors for the land tax, the duties on houfes and windows, or any other duties charged by afleflment in their refpeftive diftrifts, requiring them to appear before the faid additional commilfioners at fuch time and place as they fhall appoint ; and (hall at fuch their appearance adminifter to them the To adminifter oath required to be taken by this aft, and ilfire to them their oa*h to them, warrants of appointments as aflefTors in the execution of this aft, them with” figned by two or more of the commilfioners for general purpofes, refpeft to the and fuch inftructions duly filled up as fhall be neceffary for car,- affeflhnent of rying this aft into execution.                                   the duties.
     CX. And be it further enafted. That the affiHors to be ap- Afleffors to fix pointed to execute this aft fhall, within the time and in the man- general nonet direfted by the precept of the additional commilfioners under ghurchdoor* this aft, caufe general notices to be affixed on the door of the requiring church or chapel, and market houfe or crofs (if any) of the city, perions to town, parifh, or place for which fuch aflefTors aft; and if fuch deliver lilts, city, town, parilh, or place, fhall not have a church or chapel, or market houfe or crofs, then on the ncareft church or chapel to fuch city, town, parifh or place, requiring all perfons, who are by this aft required to make out and deliver any lift, declaration, or ftatement, to make out and deliver to the refpeftive commif-fioners or to their clerk, at their refpeftive offices to be deferibed in fiich notice, all fuch lifts, declarations, and ftatements accordingly, within fuch time as (hall be limited by fuch precept, and which fhall not in any cafe be later than twenty-one days from the date of fiich precept; and fuch general notices fhall, when the fame fhall be made as aforefaid, be deemed fufficient notice to all perfons refident in fuch city, town, parifh or place, and the affixing the fame in manner aforefaid fhall be deemed good fervice of fuch notice; and the faid refpeftive aflefTors fhall caufe the faid notices to be from time to time replaced (if neceflfary) for the fpace of ten days before the time required for the delivery of fuch lifts, declarations, and ftatements as aforefaidj and every perfon wilfully tearing, defacing, or obliterating any fuch notice lb affixed, during the faid fpace of ten days, fhall forfeit for every fiich offence any futn not exceeding twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the faid recited acts refpectively.
                                               CXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the faid Afleffors to aflefTors (hall, within flic like time after receiving the precept of 'at'the
                                 3 K 2                             houfes of per-
    
S68 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgu III. c. 49.- [1805.
fons chargeable, who are to deliver ftatements.
Lifts and ftatements where to be delivered.
Perfon6 to deliver in lifts of the names of lodgers, inmates, and fervants.
              the commiffioners under this ad, give notice to every houfeholder, or occupier of any apartment where the dwelling houfe fhall be let in different apartments, and to dvery lodger, inmate, or other perfon chargeable to the faid duties, and redding within the limits of the faid places where fuch afTefTors fhall ad, or leave the fame at his or her dwelling houfe or place of refidence, requiring every fuch perfon to prepare and deliver, in manner herein-after directed, all fuch lifts, declarations, and ftatements, as they are refpedively required to do by this ad, within fuch time as fhall be limited by fuch precept within the period before-mentioned ; and if any perfon redding within any parifh or place at the time fuch general notice as aforefaid (hall be given, or to whom fuch notice fhall be perfonally given, or at whofe dwelling houfe or place of refidence the fame fhall be left, fhall refufe or negled to make out fuch lifts, declarations, or ftatements, as may be applicable to fuch perfon, and as the cafe may require, and deliver the fame in manner herein-after direded, within the time limited in fuch notice, then fuch additional commiflioners (hall forthwith ifTue a fummons under their hands, or the hands of any two or more of them, to all fuch perfons making default as aforefaid, in order that the duty and penalty for fuch refufal or negled may be duly levied.
                 CXLI. And be it further enaded, That every fuch lift, declaration, or ftatement of the profits to be charged under fchedule (D.) fhall be delivered to the afleflor or afTefTors of the fame parifh or place, or one of them ; except ftatements containing the amount of profits eftimated as aforefaid in fuch cafes where the additional commifTioners ading for fuch parifh or place (hall have caufed to be inferted in the notice that an office is open for the receipt of ftatements of profits, and a proper perfon appointed to receive the fame, and the time and place of attendance, in Vhich cafes the delivery of fuch ftatements fhall be made at fuch office to the perfon there appointed, and not elfewhere; provided that the delivery of all lifts and declarations, not being fuch ftatements of profits, fhall be made to the afTeffor or afTefTors as hereby direded j and if any difpute fhall arife whether any ftatement of profits hath been delivered into fuch office, no other proof thereof fhall be admitted than the produdion of a receipt under the hand of the proper perfon to whom the fame ought to have been delivered, and fuch perfon is hereby required to give fuch receipt accordingly gratis, and on unftamped paper.
                 CXIII. And be it further enaded, That every perfon, when required fo to do by any notice given in purfuance of this ad, fhall, within the period to be mentioned in fuch notice, prepare and deliver to the aflefTor or afTefTors of the parifh or place where fuch perfon fhall refide, a lift in writing, containing, to the beft of his or her belief, the proper.name and names of every lodger or inmate refident in his, her, or their dwelling houfe, and of other perfons in his or their fervice or employ, whether refident in fuch dwelling houfe or not, and the place of refidence of fuch of them as are not refident in fuch dwelling houfe; and alfo of
               . * c                                                    anx
 
  1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 869
 any fuch lodger or inmate who (hall have an ordinary place of relidence elfewhere, at which he or (he is entitled, under the , * regulations of this aft, to be aflefled, who (hall be de(irous of being fo afTefled at fuch place of ordinary refidence, which lifts     '
 (hall be ftgned by the refpeftive parties delivering the fame, and (hall feverally be made out in fuch form as (hall be direfted under the authority of this aft.
    CXIV. And be it further enafted, That every perfon who (hall Perfons afting be in the receipt of any money or value, or the profits or gains ccptbankerc)” arifing from any of the fources mentioned in fchedule (D.) to deliver in chargeable by this act, of or belonging to any other perfon or lifts, in order perfons, in whatever character the fame (hall be received (exceptto the duty bankers or perfons afting as fuch as aforefaid) (hall, within the ^arced^ like period, prepare and deliver, in manner before direfted, a * lift in writing, in fuch form as aforefaid, figned by him or her, containing the name and names, and place or places of abode of each and every perfon to whom any fuch property (hall belong, together with a declaration whether fuch perfon is of full age, or a married woman living with her hufband, or refident in Britain, or an infant, idiot, lunatick, or infane perfon, or a married woman for whofe payment of the duty hereby charged on her, the hufband is not accountable by this act, in order that fuch perfon, according to a ftatement to be delivered as herein mentioned, may be charged either in the name of the perfon delivering fuch lift, if the fame (hall be fo chargeable, or in the name of the perfon or perfons to whom fuch property (hall belong, if of full age and refident in Great    , and the *fame be
 fo chargeable by this aft : and every perfon afting in fuch cha-rafter jointly with any other perfop or perfons, (hall deliver a lift of the name or names, and place or places of abode of the perfon or perfons joined with him or her at the time of delivering fuch lift, and to the fame perfons to whom fuch lift (hall be delivered.
    CXV. And be it further enafted. That every perfon charge- Statements to able under the faid fchedule marked (D.) (hall, when required fo be delivered of to do, whether by any general or particular notice given in pur-fuance of this aft, within the period to be mentioned in fuch chargeable by notice as aforefaid, prepare and deliver to the perfon or perfons fchedule (D.) appointed to receive the fame, and to whom the fame ought to be delivered, a ftatement in writing, to be made out in fuch form as before direfted, figned by him or her, containing the amount of the balance of the profits or gains arifing to fuch perfon or perfons refpeftively, from all and every of the fources charged by the faid recited aft, according to the faid fchedule marked (D); which amount (hall be efiimated for the period, and according to the refpeftive rules contained in the fchedule of this aft marked (D.); to which ftatement (hall be added a declaration, that the fame is eftimated on all the fources contained in the faid fchedule, deferibing the fame, after fetting againft, or dedufting from fuch profits or gains, fuch fums, and no other, as are allowed by this aft; and every fuch ftatement (hall be made, exclufive of profits or gains of any property, or any office or employment of
profit,
           1. )
 p*
 liver date-raents
870 AnnoregniquadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c.49. [1805.
           profit, which ought to be charged by virtue of any other of the (chedules contained in this aft, and alfo exclufive of the profits and gains arifing from intcreft of money, arifing out of the property of any other perfon or perfons, for which fuch other per-fon or perfons ought to be charged by virtue of this aft: provided that in every fuch return, where the party fhall be liable unto, or fhall be anfwerable for the duties contained in the fche-dule marked (C.) it (hall be lawful for him, her, or them, and he, (he, and they is and arc hereby required, in a feparate ftate-ment to be made out as aforefaid, to deliver an account of the amount of duty wherewith he, fhe, or they ought to be charged by virtue of the faid fchedule, in manner before direfted.
Truftees of CXVI. And be it further enafted. That every perfon, who incapacitated fhan a(c^ jn any character as aforefaid for any other perfon or per-per ons to e- (ons^ wj^0 j,y reafon of any fuch incapacity as aforefaid cannot be charged by virtue of this aft, (hall alfo, within the like period, deliver to the perfon or perfons appointed to receive the fame under this aft, and tq whom the fame ought to be delivered, in the fame diftrift in which fuch perfon or perfons ought to be charged on his or their own account, a ftatement in writing, figned by him, her, or them, and to be made in fuch form as before direfted, of the amount of the balance of profits and gains to be charged on him, her, or them, on account of fuch other perfon or perfons, efti-mated during the period and according to the rules contained in the faid fchedule, together with fuch declaration of the manner of eftimating the fame as aforefaid : provided always, that where two or more fuch perfons (hall be liable to be charged for the fame perfon or perfons, one ftatement only (hall be required, and fuch ftatement (hall be delivered by them jointly, or by one or more of them, on behalf of him, her, or themfelves, and the reft of the perfons fo liable ; and it (hall be lawful for them, or any of them, to give notice in writing to the additional commiflion-ers afting in each diftrift, where they or any of them (hall be called upon for fuch ftatement, in what parith or place, or pari(hes or places they are refpeftively chargeable by this aft, on their, or his or her own account, and in which of the faid pari(hes or places they are defirous of being fo charged on the behalf of fuch other perfon or perfons for whom they fo aft in any of the characters before-mentioned, and they (hall be afiefled accordingly by one afleflment, in fuch pari(h or place, provided any one of fuch perfons (hall be liable to be charged on his or her own account in fuch pari(h or place ; and if more than one afleffment fhall be made on fuch perfons, or any of them, on the fame account, they and every of them (hall be relieved from fuch double afleffment, by like applications to the commidioners, as are allowed in other cafes by this aft.
 Officers of CXVII. And be it further enafted, That every fuch officer corporations before deferihed of any corporation, fraternity, fellowfliip, com-fo^them^and Pany» or f°c'cty» not otherwife to be charged as aforelaild, (hall efti mates' * a^°> within the like period, prepare and deliver in like manner a
 made.      ftatement of the balance of the profits and gains to be charged on
                                                                                                    fuch

 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georg 11 III. c. 49. 871
 fuch corporation, fraternity, fellowlhip, company, or fociety, computed according to the direftions of this aft, together with fuch declaration of the manner of eftimating the fame as afore-faid; and fuch eftimate (hall be made on the amount of the balance of the annual profits and gains of fuch corporation, fraternity, fellowlhip, company, or fociety, before any dividend (hall have been made thereof to any other perfon or perfons, or publick bodies having any (hare, right, or title in or to fuch profits or gains, and all fuch other perfon or perfons, and publick bodies ‘ lhall allow out of fuch dividends a proportionate deduftion in refpeft of the duty fo charged, provided that nothing hereinbefore contained (hall be conftrued to require in fuch ftatement the inclufion of falaries, wages, or profits of any officer of fuch corporation,fraternity, fellowChip, company, or fociety, otherwife chargeable under this aft: provided alfo, that the fiatements of the feveral companies of the Bank, Eaft , and South ,
 (hall be made exclufive of the dividends and the profits attached thereto, and to be divided amongft the proprietors of the refpec-tive ftocks belonging to fuch companies.
    CXVIII. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon who Punifliing ought by this aft to deliver any lift, declaration, or ftatement as perfons neg-aforefaid, (hall refufe or negleft fo to do within the time limited {}vcrnjj, ^te~ in fuch notice, or under any pretence (hall wilfully delay the delivery thereof, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding twenty pounds, and double the duty at which fuch perfons ought to be charged by virtue of the faid recited aft and this aft •, fuch penalty to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered by the faid recited afts refpeftively; and the increafcd duty to be added to the aftefiinent; but neverthelefs fubjeft to fuch (tay of profecution or other proceedings, by a fubfequent delivery of fuch lift, declaration, or ftatement, in the cafes following j videlicet, If any truftee, agent, or receiver, or other perfon
 hereby required to deliver fuch lift, declaration, or ftatement, on behalf of any other perfon or perfons, (hall deliver an imperfeft lift, declaration, of ftatement, declaring him or herfeif unable to give a more perfeft lift, declaration, or ftatement, with the reafoqs for fuch inability, and the faid commiflioners (hall be fatisfied therewith, the faid truftee, agent, or receiver, or other perfon as aforefaid, (hall not be liable to fuch penalty, in cafe the commiflioners (hall grant further time for the delivery thereof, and fuch truftee, agent, receiver, or other perfon, (hall, within the time fo granted, deliver a lift, declaration, or fchedule, as perfeft as the nature of the cafe will enable him or her to prepare and deliver.
    CX1X. And be it further enafted. That every fuch ftatement Duties to be fhall include all and every fource and fources chargeable, in ^a.r2ed *n one refpeft of the faid duties contained in fchedule (D.) herein re- Cept'where' cited, on the perfon or perfons delivering the fame, on his or the fame per-their own account, or on account of any other perfon or per- fon is engaged fons, and may alfo include therein the amount to be changed on indifferent fuch perfons in refpeft of the duties contained in fchedule (C.) tradehidiyrl
                                                              stnd places.
PUB
                                                               Co gle
 87a Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1805.
            and every perfon (hall be chargeable in refpect of the whole of fuch duties in one and the fame divifion, and by the fame com-miffioners (except in cafes where the fame perfon or perfons (hall be engaged in different concerns relating to trade or manufacture in divers places, in each of which cafes a feparate alleffinent of the duties contained in fchedule (D.) aforefaid, may be made in refpecl of each concern, as the cafe may require) at the rate preferred by this act; and every fuch ftatement on the behalf of any other perfon or perfons, for which fuch perfon or perfons (hall be chargeable as acting in any of the characters before deferibed, or on the behalf of any corporation, fellowfhip, fraternity, company, or fociety, (hall include all and every fource and fources chargeable as laft aforefaid ; and every fuch ftatement on the behalf of any other perfon or perfons (hall be delivered in the fame divifion where fuch perfon or perfons (hall be chargeable, on his, her, or ■ their own account, and fuch other perfon or perfons (hall be charged by the fame commiffioners by whom the perfon or perfons delivering fuch ftatement is or are chargeable, except where ' different perfons chargeable on their own account in different diftricts, (ball be joined and (hall act together in any of the faid characters, in which cafe one afleffinent (hall be made in refpect of fuch truft property in one of the faid diftridls only, as hereinbefore is directed, and the different perfons acting together in fuch character as aforefaid, (hall or maybe charged on their own account in other diftricts, and as the cafe may require.
              CXX. And be it further enacted, That every perfon being a houfeholder, (except perfons engaged in any profeffiort, trade, or manufacture,) (hall be charged to the faid laft-mentioned duties by commifiioners acting for the parifh or place where his or her dwelling-houfe (hall be fituate; and every perfon engaged in any profelfion, trade, or manufacture, (hall be chargeable by the refpective commiffioners acting for the parifh or place where fuch profeffion (hall be executed, or fuch trade or manufacture (hall be carried on ; and every perfon not being a houfeholder, nor engaged in any profeffion, trade, or manufacture, who (hall have any place of ordinary refidence, (hall be charged by the commiffioners acting for the parifh or place where he orfhe fhall ordinarily refide; and every perfon not herein-before deferibed,. fhall be charged by the commiffioners acting for the parifh or place where fuch perfon fhall refide at the time of beginning to execute this act, by giving fuch general notices as are herein-mentioned; and every fuch charge made in fuch parifh or place fhall be valid and effectual, notwithftanding the fubfequent removal of the perfon fo charged from the parifh or place : and in order that the place where the faid laft-mentioned duties are to be charged may be afeertained, every perfon is Declaration to hereby required, on the delivery of any lift or ftatement as afore-faid, at the fame time to deliver a declaration in writing, figned by him or her, declaring in what place he or (he is chargeable, and whether he or (he is engaged in any profeffion, trade, or manufacture, or not* and if he or fhe fhall be fo engaged in any profeffion.
 In what dif-trifts the duties are to be charged.
 be delivered of the place where party b chargeable.
 
     1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.              873
     feflion, trade, or manufadture, the place or places where the fame fhall be carried on, and the particular profeflion or profeflions, or trade or trades, in which he, fhe, or they (hall be engaged in fuch • place.
       CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That every In cafes of perfon, not being engaged in any profefiion, trade, or manufac- perfons not ture, having two or more houfes or places at which he or fhe (hall be ordinarily refident, (hall be charged at fuch of the parifhes two rcfi_ or places wherein the faid dwelling-houfe is fituate, in which he dences, where i, or file fhall be ordinarily refident at the time of beginning to exe-the duties are cute this adt, in relation to the faid iafi-mentioned duties, by to bc charoed* giving fuch general notices as are herein-mentioned, or in which 1 he or (he fhall firft come ordinarily to refide after giving fuch 1 general notices.
       CXXII. And be it further enadted, That every perfon fhall. Statements to » if required by the refpedtive commiflionersj deliver at each parifh be delivered or place, if he or fhe fhall refide, or exercife any profefiion, or at each P*8^*
- carry on trade, in different parifbes or places, the like lifts, declarations, and ftatements, as he or fhe is hereby required to deliver in the parifh or place where fuch perfon ought to be charged,
! but (hall not be liable to any double charge by reafon thereof; and all lifts, declarations, and ftatements hereby required to be made, fhall or may be delivered fealed up, if fuperferibed with the name and place of abode of, or the place of exercifing the profefiion or carrying on trade bv, the perfon by whom the fame fhall have been made, to the relpedtive • perfons, and in manner herein diredted.
       CXXIU. And be it further enadted, That the faid afieflor or Afleflors to afleflors fhall make out an alphabetical lift, and deliver the fame IPake out a to the clerk of the faid refpedtive additional commiflioners, con- !jerfons on taining the names of all perfons to or on whom fuch laft-men- ^hom notices 1 tioned notices have been delivered or ferved in purfuance of this have been adt, diftinguifhing the perfons who have duly made their re- ferved. turns, and the perfons who have omitted to make fuch returns, and alfo the perfons who fhall have been returned as in the fervice or employ of any mafter, and as having a refidence out of the limits of fuch aiTeflor or afleflors, to the end that the faid com-mifiioners may judge of thecondudt of fuch afieflbrs in executing r this adt; and if fuch afleflbr or afleflors (hall have negiedted to give notice to any perfon to whom the fame ought to be delivered,
\   the faid additional commiflioners may at any time afterwards
1   direct fuch notices to be delivered to or ferved on fuch perfons
Jby fuch afleflors refpedtively; and may alfo from time to time direct the like notices to be delivered to or ferved on any perfon or perfons coming to refide in any parifh or place after the expi-t ration of fuch notices; and if fuch directions fhall not be given,
, the infpedtor or furveyor for the diftridt may at fuch times as aforefaid caufe notices to be delivered.
       CXXI V. And be it further enadted, That the afleflors, or one Afleflors to of them, for every parifh or place, fhall perfonally appear before vcnty ll»e
                                                                the
      
 874 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.49. [1805.
 delivery of the (aid additional commiftioners at their firft meeting, or fuch »otic«,.and other meetings as fuch afteflors (hall be appointed to attend, and general*™)* ° t^len and there Pr°duce to the faid additional commiftioners
 ticca,
                    a lift of the names of all the perfons to whom fuch notices as laft aforefaid have been delivered in purfuance of this adt, and (hall alfo make oath or folemn affirmation before them, that the fevcral notices required to be delivered to houfeholders and occupiers, and alfo to lodgers and inmates by this a&, have been duly ferved in the manner required thereby, upon all houfeholders and occupiers, and upon all inmates and lodgers within the limits of the places for which fuch afteft'or (hall have been appointed, to the beft of his knowledge; and that general notices to the effedk mentioned in this adt have been duly affixed, in the manner required by this 3dk, on fuch proper places within the city, town,-or place for which fuch afteft'or fhall act, as by this adt is required ; and that the lift delivered by him contains the name of every perfon within the faid limits, to whom fuch notices ought to be delivered, according to the directions of this adt, within the knowledge of fuch afteft'or; and every afteft'or who (hall negledt to appear before fuch commiftioners, and to make fuch oath or affirmation, or who (hall not return the name or names of any perfon or perfons whofe name ought to be included in any fuch lift as by this a£t is required, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence any fum not exceeding twenty pounds, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the faid recited a£ts re-fpeCtively.
 Abftradttobe CXXV. And be it further enadted, That the clerks to the made by the f$id refpedtive commiftioners (hall, with all convenient fpeed, abftradl the returns of ftatements delivered to fuch additional commiftioners, or at their office, into books to be provided for that purpofe, and according to fuch forms as (hall be tranfmitted to them from the office of taxes: fuch abftradts to contain the names of perfons making fuch returns arranged alphabetically, according to the wards, parifhes, and places in which they (hall refide, and the feveral amounts of profits returned by them relpedlively, to be laid before and delivered to the faid additional commiftioners: and all fuch returns (hall be numbered and filed in the office of the faid commiftioners, and carefully kept, folong as the accounts of the faid laft-mentioned duties for fuch diftrict, or any part thereof, (hall remain unpaid to his Majefty; to all which book and books any infpedkor or furveyor, who (hall have taken the oath herein prescribed before, the commiftioners adking fur the fame diftridts refpedtively, (hall have free accefs at all feafonable times, and (hall take fuch copies thereof, or of fuch parts thereof, or extra&s from the fame, as he (hall deem necef-fuch abftradts. fary in order to the due execution of this adt.
        Additional CXXVI. And be it further enadted, That the feveral and commiftioners refpedtive additional commiftioners (hall appoint meetings within to con Cider their refpedlive diftridts, for taking all ftatements, then and from an/make* time t0 l‘me t0 he delivered to them, into confederation, within a afteflmenU.                                                         reafonablc
 clerks of returns of date-menu deliver ed to additional com-milfioners.
 Infpeftors may have accefs and take copies from books containing/
    Gck gle
  1805.] Anno regniquadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.            875
  reafonable time after the infpedor or furveyor (hall have had the examination of fuch ftatements; and in cafe the faid commiffion-ers refpedively (hall be (atisfied that any fuch ftatement hath been bond fide made according to the provifions of this ad, and fo as to enable the commidioners to charge the perfon or perfons returning the fame, with the full duties with which he, (he, or they ought to be charged on account thereof, or more; and in cafe no information (hall be given to the faid commitlioners of the in-fufficiency thereof, or no objection (hall be made thereto by the infpedor or furveyor, which he is hereby empowered to make for fufficient caufe, the faid commidioners (hall dired an afleflment to be made of the duties chargeable on fuch ftatement by virtue of this ad.                                               ,
    CXXVII. Provided always, and be it enabled. That where When the fur-the furveyor or infpedor (hall apprehend the determination IerjTj? di.f* made by the faid commifsioners to be contrary to the true intent a ftatement and meaning of this ad, and (hall then declare himfelfdiflatisfied he may ftate a with fuch determination, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch fur- cafe, veyor or infpedor to require the faid commidioners to date fpe-cially, and fign the cafe upon which the queftion arofe, together with their determination thereupon, which cafe the laid commifsioners, or the major part of them then prefenr, are hereby required to ftate and fign accordingly, and to caufe the fame to be by him tranfmitted to the commifsioners for general purpofes for the fame diftrid, who are hereby required, with all convenient fpeed, to return an anfwer to the cafe fo tranfmitted, with their opinion thereon fubferibed thereto; according to which opinion lb certified, the afleflment which (hall have been the caufe of fuch appeal (hall be altered or confirmed.
    CXXVIII. And be it further enaded. That in every inftance When no in which any perfon (hall have made default in the delivery of any ftatement, fuch perfon not having been otherwife charged to ftatement is the faid lad-mentioned duties, or if the faid additional com- returned, the mifsioners (hall not be fatisfied with the ftatement delivered by additional any perfon or perfons, or any objedion (hall be made thereto by £0 m'ake'aa”* the infpedor or furveyor (which he and they is and are hereby afleflment authorifed and required to do in writing, fetting forth the caufe according to and caufes thereof, whenever he or they (hall fee fufficient caufe) the beft of or the faid additional commifsioners (hall have received any in-fbrmation of the inefficiency of any ftatement, the faid additional commifsioners, or any two or more of them, (hall make an afleflinent on fuch perfon in fuch fum as, according to the beft of their judgement, ought to be charged on fuch perfons by virtue of the faid recited ad and of this ad; which afleflment (hall be fubjed to an appeal, according to the diredions herein-aftcr contained.
    CXXIX. And be it further enaded. That whenever the ad- Additional ditional commifsioners (hall think it proper to refer any ftate-ment to the commifsioners for general purpofes, without mak- ftatements to ing any afleflment thereon, it (hall be lawful for them fo to do on commidioners delivering to them the cafe in writing relative to fuch flatement,for the pur-
PU
Go gle
 examine aflfeff-ments, and erroneous afieffments may be amended on their certificate.
 Surveyor to ftate his objection to af-feffments in writing, and
                                           876 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.49. [1805.
                  as the fame {hall appear to them, with any matter in queftion between them either as to law or fa6l, and the faid commifsioners for general purpofes (hall proceed to inquire into the merits of fuch ftatement, in like manner as they would have been hereby authorifed to do in cafe the faid additional commifsioners had made an afleflment on fuch ftatement, and the party charged had appealed againft fuch afleflment.
Infpeflor and CXXX. And be it further enacted, That the infpedlor or furveyor mav furveyor, being fworn as aforefaid, (hall and may at all feafon-able times infpedt and examine any afleflment which (hall be made as laft aforefaid, before the delivery thereof to the commifsioners for general purpofes; and in cafe he {hall difeover any error in the fame, which in his judgement {hall require amendment, he {hall certify the fame to the faid additional commiffion-ers by whom the afleflments {hall have been made; and the faid additional commifsioners, upon fufficient caufe being {hewn to them, {hall amend the fame as in their judgement the cafe (hall require.
   CXXXI. And be it further enabled, That in every cafe where the furveyor or infpedtor (hall obje<St to the amount of the duty charged by any afleflment by additional commifsioners, which he is hereby empowered to do in each and every cafe upon fufficient to give notice caufe, he fhall ftate fuch objection to the additional commifsion-t° the party. crs Qf tjle  ;n writing as before dire&ed, who, or any two or
more of them, (hall thereupon certify the fame to the commifsioners for general purpofes in the fame diftridt, together with the reafons for making fuch afleflment, and any information they (hall have obtained refpedting the fame; and the faid furveyor or in-fpedtor (ball alfo give fuch notice thereof to the party aflefled, as he is required to do by the faid feveral recited adls refpectively in cafes of furcharge, in order that the party fo charged may be at liberty to appear before the faid commifsioners for general purpofes, according to the directions herein contained, in fupport of fuch afleflment.
                                          CXXXII. And be it further enadted, That the faid additional commiffioners conyniffioners (hall caufe certificates of the afleflments to be duly
      certificates of ma<*e out f°r eac^ war^» parifh, or place, within their refpedtive afleflments. diftridts> containing the names and furnames of the parties charged, and the fums which they refpedtively ought to pay by virtue of this and the faid recited adt, and (hall caufe fuch certificates to be entered in books provided for that purpofe, according to fuch forms as {hall be tranfmitted to them by the commifsioners for the affairs of taxes, and they, or any two or more of them, (hall fign the fame, and deliver the fame, fo entered and figned, to the commifsioners for general purpofes in the fame diftrict, under cover fealed up ; and (hall alio caufe all ftatements, lifts, and declarations, returned to them by any party or parties, or by the afleflors, to be delivered at the fame time to the faid commifsioners for general purpofes.
                                                      CXXXIII. And be itfurther enacted, That if any perfon (hall think him or herfelf aggrieved by an afleflment made by the additional
 Additional
 Perfons aggrieved to appeal.
      Co glc
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.49.       877
 ditional commifsioners as aforefaid, or by any obje&ion to fuch afleflment made by any furveyor or infpedtor as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for him or her refpe&ively to appeal to the commifsioners for general purpofes, in the fame diftri£t where fuch aflcflinent was made, on giving ten days notice thereof to the afieflor, furveyor, or infpe&or; and all appeals to be made in purfuance of this a£t (hall be heard and determined by the re-lpedive commifsioners adting for general purpofes, for the fame diftridt where the caufe of appeal arofe, and not otherwife.
   CXXX1V. And be it further enadled, That the commifsion- For fixing tfce ers for general purpofes (hall appoint a time for receiving appeals, time for hear-as focn after the afleffments (hall be returned to them by the addi- inS appeals, tional commissioners as conveniently can be done; and the afleflbrs (hall caufe notice thereof to be given, by affixing the fame on the church door, market houfe, or crofs, in the parifh or place where they adk; and the meetings of the commifsioners for that purpofe (hall be held from time to time within the time limited by the faid commifsioners, with or without adjournment; and no appeal (hall be received after the time limited by the faid commifsioners, except on the ground of diminution of income, as herein-mentioned : provided always, that if any perfon (hall be prevented from abfence, ficknefs, or other reafonable caufe, to be allowed by the faid commifsioners, from making or proceeding upon his appeal, within the time fo limited, it (hall be lawful for the faid commifsioners to give further time for that purpofe, or to admit the fame to be made by any agent, clerk, or fervant, on the behalf of fuch appellant.
   CXXXV. And be it further enadted. That in order that all Notice tobf appeals upon fuch laft-mentioned afleflments may be determined given of the in due time, the faid commiflioners (hall caufe a general notice to be ftuck up in their office, or left with the clerk of the com- appeals, and miflioners, and alfo to be affixed on the door of the church or fixed on chapel of fuch parifh or place, or of fome adjoining parifh or church dojrs. place in cafes requiring the fame by reafon of any fuch place having no church or chapel, limiting the time of hearing all appeals, and which (hall be limited to be heard within a reafonable time after the caufe of appeal (hall have arifen; and no appeal (hall be heard after the time in fuch notice to be limited, unlefs the appeal (hall/be made on behalf of any perfon or perfons who ihall be abfent out of the realm, or prevented by ficknefs from attending in perfon in the time fo to be limited, in which cafes it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners to poftpone fuch appeals from time to time, or to admit other proof than the oath or affirmation of the party, of the truth of the feveral matters required by this a£k to be proved by the oath or affirmation of the party: provided always, that any furveyor or infpe&or may object to any afleflment before or during the time for hearing ap-oeals, but not afterwards, except in the cafes herein-after mentioned, where any perfon (hall not have beeu a defied in refpeft of anv particular fource or fourccs of profit or property.
                                           CXXX.VL And
  Original from ORK PUBLIC LIBR
Co gle
      878 Annoregni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 49. [1805.
      On appeal, CXXXVI. And be it further enaded, That upon the receiv-flt'hen ^ *nS n°t,ce an)F aPPea* aga»nft an yafleffment made as laft made by'tbe aforefaid, and alio in every cafe where the commifsioners for furveyor is general purpofes, or the major part of them prefent, (hall fee allowed, the caufe to allow the objedion of fuch furveyor or infpedor to fuch comnoiflioners aflelTment, the faid commifsioners (hall dired their precept to the fchediilc.e* Per^on or perfons appealing, to return to them, within the time limited in fuch precept, a fchedule containing fuch particulars as the faid commifsioners fhall demand under the authority of this ad, for their information $ either refpeding the particulars of the property of fuch perfon or perfons ; or refpeding the trade, ma-nufadqre, adventure, or concern, in the nature of trade, carried on by fuch perfon or perfons, or the profeflion, employment, or vocation exercifed by fuch perfon or perfons ; and the amount of the balance of the profits and gains of fuch perfon or perfons fo chargeable, diftinguifhing the particular amounts derived from each feparate fource before-mentioned; or refpeding the particulars of the deductions from any of fuch profits or gains made in fuch ftatements or fchedules; and which the faid commifsioners are hereby empowered and required to demand at their diferetioo, whenever the fame (hall appear to them neceflary for the purpofes mentioned in this ad, and fo from time to time until a complete fchedule, to the fatisfadion of the faid commifsioners, of all the particulars required by them, (hall be delivered ; and every fuch precept, being delivered to or left at the laft or ufual place of abode of the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be direded, (hall be binding upon fuch per-, fon and perfons according to the exigency of fuch precept; or in cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall have removed from the jurif-didion of the commiflioners, or cannot be found, or his, her, or their place of abode (hall not be known, then upon fixing fuch precept on the door of the church of the place where the commifsioners (hall meet in the execution of this ad, or fixing up the fame in their office, fuch precept (hall alfo be binding upon fuch perfon or perfons according to the exigency thereof, and fuch perfon or perfons (hall make the return required by the faid commifsioners within the time limited in fuch precept, under the penalty in this ad contained, and fubjed to fuch charge as the faid commifsioners are hereby authoriled to make in fuch cafe; to which fchedule any infpedor or furveyor, fworn as aforefaid, (hall have free accefs at all reafonable times, and (hall take fuch copies thereof, or of any parts thereof, or extrads from the fame, as he (hall think neceffary for the due execution of this ad.
      Surveyor may CXXXVII. And be it further enaded. That it (hall be law-obje&to ftate- fuj for the infpedor or furveyor, fworn as aforefaid, within a rea-dulet8 'ivineC” f°nahle time to be allowed by the faid commifsioners for general notice*to the purpofes after he (hall have had the examination of fuch fche-paity.   dules, to objed to the fame, or any part thereof, and to ftate fuch
                                                                 objedions in writing, and the caufe or caufes thereof, to the beft of his knowledge or information, which (hall be allowed and figned by two or more of the faid commifsioners for general purpofes j
Go gle
 1805.} Anno regni quadragefimo quinto GeorgiiIII.C.49. 879
 pofes; and the faid furveyor or infpedor (hall in every cafe of objecting to fuch fchedule, deliver a notice in writing of fuch objection to the party or parties to be charged, or leave the faipe at his, her, or their lad or ufual place of abode rcfpedively, under cover, fealed up and direded to fuch party, in order that fuch party or parties may be at liberty to appeal from the fame to the faid commifsioners as herein is direded : provided always, that no afleffinent (hall be confirmed, or any alteration therein be made, until the appeal upon fuch objedion or afTefTment (hall be heard and determined, according to the diredions of this ad.
   CXXXVIII. And be it further enaded. That if upon re- Commiflion-ceiving the objedions of fuch furveyor or infpedor to any fche- ersover-ruling dule, the faid commiflioners or the major part of them prefent at fatufiedwith any meeting for the purpofe of taking fuch objedions into con- the aflefiment federation, (hall fee caufe to difallow fuch objedions, or if upon or fchedule, hearing of any fuch appeal as aforefaid, the faid commiffioners may confirm (hall be fatisfied with the aflefiment made by the additional com- aflfeilVnent ac-miflioners, or after delivery of a fchedule they (hall be fatisfied cordingly. therewith, and (hall have received no information of the infuffi-ciency thereof, the faid commiflioners for general purpofes (half dired fuch afTefTment to be confirmed or altered according to fuch fchedule, as the cafe may require, and (hall dired an afTefTment to be made of the duties chargeable on the datement or ftate-ments contained in fuch fchedule ; provided, that in every cafe where they (hall think proper that the faid datement on which the additional commiflioners made their afTefTment, or the fchedule delivered to the commiflioners for general purpofes fhould be verified, they (hall dired the aflefTor or afTVfTors to give notice thereof to the perfon or perfons to be charged with the faid duties, and to appear before them to verify the fame in the manner herein-after mentioned; and every fuch perfon to whom fuch notice (hall be given, (hall and he is hereby required to appear before the faid commiffioners for general purpofes, and on oath or folemn affirmation as aforefaid, to verify the contents of his, her, or their datement or fchedule, and to fign and fubfcribe the fame with his or her proper name; and which oath or affirmation (hall be, that the contents of fuch fchedule are true, to the beft of his or her judgement or belief, and that the fame contains the juft balance of the profits and gains arifing from the fource or fources therein contained, after making fuch dedudions as are therein dated, and that no dedudion or dedudions whatever than fuch as are therein dated, have been made from the profits or gains accounted for, and to fuch amount only as is therein dated : provided always, that fuch perfon (hall be at liberty to amend fuch datement or fchedule, before he or (he (hall be required to take fuch oath or affirmation ; and after fuch oath or affirmation, and in every cafe where fuch fchedule (hall not have been objeded to as aforefaid, and the faid commiffioners (hall be fatisfied therewith, they (hall make an aflefiment according to (iuch datement or fchedule on the amount therein dated, at Which the duty therein (hall have been computed; and every
fuch
88o Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1805.
Commiflion-ers may put queftions in writings touching any airdTtnent or fchedules, and receive anfwers.
Commiffion-ers for general purpofes' may call upon the party to verify their anfwers on examination upon oath.
                    fuch afTeflrnent made, after verification of fuch fchedule, (hall be final and conclufive as to the matters contained in fuch fchedule.
                      CXXXIX. And be it further enaded, That whenever the faid commiflioners for general purpofes (hall be diflatisfied with any afleflment returned by the additional commiflioners to them, or with any fchedule delivered to them, or (hall require further information refpefting the fame, or either of them, or any part thereof, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners to put any queftion or queftions touching fuch affefTment, or the contents of fuch fchedule, or any of them, or touching any of the matters which ought to be contained therein, or any fums which (hall have been fet againft or dedu&ed from the profits or gains to be eftimated in fuch afleflment or fchedule, and the particulars thereof in writing, and to demand an anfwer accordingly from fuch perfcn or perfons, figned by him, her, or them, and fo from time to time whenever the faid commiflioners (hall think the fame neceiTary, and (hall from time to time iflue their precept or precepts, requiring true and particular anfwers to be given to fuch queftions, of which three days notice at leaft (hall be given to him or them; and every fuch pcrfon (hall make true and particular anfwers in writing, figned by him or her, to fuch queftions, within the time limited by fuch precept, or (hall, within the like period, tender him or herfelf before the faid commiflioners for general purpofes, to be examined by them viva voce to fuch matters; and every perfon required to make fuch anfwers, or appearing before the faid commiflioners to be examined as a party, or as the clerk, agent, or fervant of fuch party as herein-after is mentioaed, lhall be permitted to give his or her anfwers either in writing as aforefaid or viva voce, without having taken any oath or affirmation, and (hall be at liberty to objeft to any queftion, and peremptorily to refufe anfwering the fame; and the fubftance of fuch anfwer or anfwers as he or (he (hall give viva voce (hall, in his or her prefence, be reduced into writing, and read to him or her, and he or (he (hall be at liberty to alter any part thereof, and alfo to alter or amend any particular contained in his or her anfwers in writing, or in any fchedule or declaration, before he or (he (hall be called upon to verify the fame in the manner herein directed ; and every fuch fchedule (hall be altered or amended as (hall feem requiflte after fuch inquiry or examination.
                      CXL. And be it further ena&ed, That it lhall be lawful for the faid commiflioners for general purpofes, in every fuch cafe as aforefaid, whenever the faid commiflioners (hall think the fame neceflary, to require fuch perfon or perfons upon whom any afleflment hath been made by the additional commiflioners, with which the faid commiflioners for general purpofes are di(Tatis(ied, or from whom fuch fchedules or anfwers in writing as aforefaid have been received, to verify the fame, and upon appearance of fuch perfon or perfons to permit him or them to alter or amend the fame, and thereupon to adminifter to fuch perfon or perfons the oath or affirmation herein-after mentioned, and alfo to require any perfon or perfons who (hall have been examined viva
                                                                                                                      voce
    * Go gle .
83i
   i S05.] Annoregm quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.
«| voce before them, to verify his, her, or their examination on fuch
   oath or affirmation, which oaths or affirmations any one or more . of the Cud commifsioners is and are hereby empowered to admi-1 nifter ; and which oaths or affirmations refpectively fhall be, that the contents of the faid ftatements or fcbedules are true to the '
, bed of his knowledge and belief, and contain a full and true r account of the balance of all the profits and gains of the deponent or deponents chargeable by this ad>, to the beft of his or her knowledge and belief, and of all and every deduction made frorq . his or her profits or gains in adjuring fuch balance; or that the contents of all fuch anfwers in writing, as fhall have been returned to the faid commisfioners by him or them as the fame r are then fbted, or that the contents of his or her examination, as ’ the fame have been reduced into writing, are true; and every t fuch oath or affirmation (hall be fubfcribed by the party taking „ the fame.
     CXLI. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for May fummon s the faid commifsioners for general purpofes to fummon in like wtmflis and t manner any perfon or perfons, whom they fhall think able to give upo™oath.em
   evidence or teftimony refpeding the aflcffment made or to be . made on any fuch perfon or perfons, to appear before them to be ^ examined, and to examine all fuch perfons who fhall lo appear ’ before them on oath or affirmation (except the clerk, agent, or r fervant of the perfon or perfons to be charged, or other perfon j confidentially intruded or employed in the affairs of fuch party or parties to be charged, and who fhall refpedively be examined, t in the fame manner, and fubjed to the fame reftridions, as are ' herein-before provided for the viva voc examination of any party or parties, touching the afleffinents to be charged on him, her, k or them); which oath or affirmation any one or more of the faid commifsioners is and are hereby empowered to adminifter, and which oath or affirmation fhall be, that the teftimony or * evidence to be given by him, her, or.them, fhall contain the , whole truth and nothing but the truth, in refped of the matter ' in queftion, concerning which fuch evidence or tefiimony is to be given; and every fuch oath or affirmation fhall be fubfcribed by the perfon taking the fame.
     CXLII. And be it further enaded, That if the faid commif-Commiflion-fioners for general purpofes, or any two or more of them, or the . major part of them prefent, after hearing all fuch appeals as fhall aflTeflment on be depending before them, or upon any obje&ion made by the the fchcdule ' infpedor or furveyor to any fuch lafi-mentioned aflefTmcnt or maY. do fo ^
‘ fchedule, whether fuch inquiry or examination as aforefaid fhall have taken place or not, fhall agree to make an affeffment ac- miffionei smay \ cording to the ftatement or ftaterfjents contained in the faid make an af-fchedule, as the fame fhall have been returned or altered, or feflment ac-amended upon appeal as aforefaid, they fhall dired an allefiment cording to to be made of the duties chargeable on the ftatement or ftate- mentf wnfcfc ' menrs contained in the faid fchedule, at the rate or rates con- (hall lx fund.
                                                   , tained in the faid ad before recited; and if the Paid commifsioners ihall think proper to require a verification of the faid fcheJule,
     Vol. XLV,                  3 L                              they
 j Co gle
                                                                   PU
                                         882 Anno regni quadragefimo quintoGEORRGii III. c. 49. [1805.
                 they (hall give notice thereof in manner aforefaid, to the partyor parties to appear before them, to verify the faid fchedule, and fuch verification (hall be made by the party or parties in fuch manner, and fuch afleflments thereupon (hall be made as herein-before directed, which afleflment (hall be final and conclufive as aforefaid; but neverthelefs in every inftance, where any perfon (hall have negle£led or refufed to return fuch fchedule, according to the exigency of the precept of the commifsioners, or if any clerk, agent, or fervant of fuch party as aforefaid, being fummoned, (hall have neglected or refufed to appear before the commifsioners to be examined, or if fuch party, his or her clerk, agent, or fervant as aforefaid, (hall have declined to anfwer any question put to him or her by the faid commifsioners, in writing or vivd voce% or where the fchedule delivered (hall have been objected to as aforefaid, and fuch obje£tion (hall not have been appealed againft within fuch reafonable time as is directed by this ad, or where any perfon, being required fo to do, (hall have negleded or refufed to verify his or her (latement or fchedule, or his or her anfwers or examination in writing, or where the commifsioners (hall agree as aforefaid to allow the objections, or any of them, made by fuch furveyor or infpedlor, it (hall be lawful for the faid commifsioners, and they are hereby required in every fuch cafe, according to the belt of their judgement, to fettle and afcertain in what fums fuch perfon ought to be charged, and to make an afleflment accordingly, which afleflment (hall be final and conclufive.
  CXLIII. And be it further enaCted, That in every cafe where the faid commifsioners for general purpofes (hall have made any increafed afleflment upon the amount contained in the ftatement or fchedule of the party to be charged, or (hall, at any time during ersmaycharge the continuance of this aCt, difcover that any increafe ought to the PenaItWlth ma^e’ whether upon the furcharge of the furveyor or infpec-not exceeding tor> or ^rom his or their information or otherwife, it (hall be law-double the ° ful for them to charge fuch perfon or perfons in a fum not examount. ceeding double the amount by which the duties (hall have been increafed ; (that is to fay), where the party or parties (hall have refufed or negleCled to deliver any ftatement or fchedule, then in a fum not exceeding double the amount of the fum which, according to the rateprefcribed in fchedule (D.) fuch perfon in the judgement of the faid commiflioners ought to. be charged at, to be added to the afleflment, and applied as directed by this aft in other cafes of increafed afleflments; and in cafe a ftatement or fchedule (hall have been fo delivered, then in a fum not exceeding double the amount beyond the amount contained in fuch ftatement or fchedule, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall in every fuch cafe make it appear, that the omiflion complained of did not proceed from any fraud, covin, art, or contrivance, or any grofs or wilful negleft.                «
  CXLIV. And be it further enafted. That if any perfon required fo to do by the refpeftive commiflioners for general purpofes, (hall refufe or negleft to make out and deliver any fchedule to
                                          '           • the
 Where an alTelftnent (hall be in-c reafed, the commiflion-
 Pen.dty on pei forij neglecting to deliver the
  
       1805.] Anno regni quadragelimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.          883
       the perfon or perfons to whom the fame ought to be delivered in fchedules, or purfuance of this aft, or fhall refufe or negleft to appear before ^ns 0f'com-the fzid commiflioners, to verify upon oath or affirmation before mjffioneis. fuch commiflioners any ftatement or fchedule by him or her delivered, within the time or times limited or to be limited by fuch s %
       commiflioners refpeftively in purfuance of this aft, every fuch perfon fo offending fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding twenty pounds, and double the duty at which fuch perfon ought to be aflefled, to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the faid recited afts refpeftively.
         CXLV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if Schedules any perfon, who fhall have delivered a ftatement or fchedule, fhall difeover any omifiion or wrong ftatement therein, it fhall be lawful for fuch perfon to deliver an additional ftatement or fchedule reftifying fuch omiflion or wrong ftatement, and fuch perfon fhall not afterwards be fubjeft to any proceeding under this aft, by reafon of fuch omiflion or wrong ftatement; and if any perfon fhall not have delivered a flatement or fchedule within the time limited by the commiflioners for that purpofe, it fhall be lawful for fuch perfon to deliver a ftatement or fchedule, in manner herein direfted, at any time before a proceeding fhall be had to recover the penalty herein-mentioned, and no proceeding fhall be afterwards had for recovering fuch penalty; and if any proceeding fhall have been aftually had before the commiflioners for recovering fuch penalty, it fhall be lawful for the commiflioners before whom fuch proceedings fhall be commenced, on due proof to their fatisfaftion that no fraud or evafion whatever was intended, to flay fuch proceedings, eith*r on the terms of paying or without paying the cofts then incurred, as the commiflioners fhall think fit; and if any proceedings fhall have been commenced in any court, it fhall be lawful for fuch commiflioners to certify, that in their judgement no fraud or evafion was intended by the party making fuch omiflion ; and it (hall be lawful for any judge in fuch court, on a fummary application, to flay fuch proceedings on fuch terms as aforefaid, as he fhall think fit; or if fuch perfon fhall have delivered an imperfeft ftatement or fchedule, and (hall give to the commiflioners a fufficient reafon why a per-feft ftatement or fchedule cannot be delivered, the faid commif-fioners being fatisfied therewith fhall give further time, and fo from time to time, for the delivery of fuch ftatement or fchedule, and fuch perfons fhall not be liable to any penalty for not having delivered fuch ftatement or fchedule within the time before limited, in cafe fuch perfon fhall have delivered as perfeft a ftatement or fchedule as from the nature of the cafe he or (he was enabled to give, and fo from time to time as long as the commif-fioners (hall grant further time as aforefaid.
         CXLVI, And be it further enafted, That if in the courfe of Mode of in. any inquiry before the faid refpeftive commiflioners for the pur- quiringinto pole of granting any exemption or allowance authorifed by this the amount aft, they (hall think it necefl'ary to afeertain the amount of the °^thrcoch"^ charge on any perfon or perfons out of the limits of the city, other
                                     3 l2 town,
                                                                                                                                         Original fre
                                                                                                                                NEW YORK PUBLI
Go gle
 • /
 Abatement on account of diminution of income, bow to be allowed.
                                            884 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [i8o£.
                  town, or place, for which they fhall a61, then and in fuch cafe the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes fhall, on a certificate or certificates thereof, tranfmit fuch certificates to the refpeftive commiflioners afting for the divifion or place, or divifions or places, where fuch perfbn has been affeffcd or charged to fuch other duties ; and the faid laft-mentioned commiflioners fhall, on receipt of fuch certificates refpeftively, inquire into the amount of the fum or fums with which fuch perfon or perfons have been charged to fuch duties within the limits of the divifion or place where fuch laft-mentioned commiflioners aft; and the faid laft-mentioned commiflioners, having fatisfied themfelves of fuch fum or fums, (hall tranfmit a certificate thereof under the hands of any two or more of them, to the faid commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, to be laid before the faid commiflioners making fuch inquiry as aforefaid, to the end that fuch perfon of perfons may be juftly charged, and fuch exemptions or allowances may be granted as direfted by this aft.
                     CXLV1I. And be it further enabled, That if within or at the end of the year current at the time of making any afleflment under this aft, or at the end of any year when fuch afleflment ought to have been made, any perfon charged to any of the duties contained in fchedule (D.) whether he fhall have computed his profits or gains arifing as lafi aforefaid on the amount thereof in the preceding or current year, or on an average of years, fhall find, and fhall prove to the fatisfaftion of the com-xnifiioners for general purpofes, by whom the afleflment was made, that his or her profits and gains, during fuch year for which the computation was made, fell fhort of the fum fo computed in refpeft of the fame fource of profit on which the computation was made, it fhall be lawful for the commiflioners, or the major part of them, on proof before them, to caufe the af-feflment made for fuch current year to be amended in refpeft of fuch fource of profit, as the cafe fhall require ; and in cafe the fum aflefled (hall have been paid, to certify, under their hands and feals, to the governor and company of the bank of       ,
                  or the receiver-general to whom the fame fhall have been paid, the amount of the fum overpaid upon fuch firft afleflment} and on produftion of fuch certificate, it fhall be lawful for the faid governor and company to direft their cafhier or cafhiers, and for the faid receiver-general to repay fuch fum as fhall have been fo overpaid, out of any publick monies in the hands of fuch cafhier or cafhiers, or of fuch receiver-general, who refpeftively fhall, if necefl'ary, replace the fame out of the firft monies that fhall come to their hands refpeftively of the duties granted by this aft, for which payments the certificate of the faid refpeftive commiflioners fhall be a iufficient authority.
   CXLV111. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any perfon, charged to the faid laft-mentioned duties, whether the computation thereon (hall have been made on the profits of one year or an average, as herein allowed, fhall ceafe to exercife the profef-tradc, or (hall fion, or to carry on the trade, employment, or vocation, in refpeft
                                                                                                             whereof
 Abatement to be allowed when perfons (ball ceafe to exercife any
     Go glc
      1805.] Anno regni quadragefirao quinto Georgii 111. c.49.              885
      whereof fuch afleflment was made, or (hall die before the end of die before the the year current at the time of making fuch affeffment, or (hall end °f ^ from any other fpccific caufe be deprived of or lofe the profits ycar* or gains on which the computation of duty charged in fuch af-felTment was made, it (hall be lawful for fuch perfon, or the heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or affigns of fuch perfon, to make application to the commi(fioners for general purpofes of the diftri<ft, within three calendar months after the end of fuch year; and on due proof thereof to the fatisfadhon of fuch commiffioners, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiffioners to caufe the afleflment to be amended or vacated, as rhe cafe may require, and to give fuch relief to the party charged, his or her heirs, executors, ad-miniftrators, or affigns, as (nail be juft; and in cafes requiring the fame to diredl, in manner before mentioned, re-payment to be made of fuch fum as (hall have been overpaid on the afiefiment amended or vacated ; provided always, that where any perfon (hall have fucceeded to the trade or bufinefs of the party charged, no ' fuch abatement (hall be made, unlefs it (hall be proved to the fatisfa&ion of the faid commiffioners, that the profits and gains of fuch trade or bufinefs have fallen (hort, from fome fpecific caufe to be alleged to them and proved, fince fuch change or fuccefiion took place, or by reafon thereof; but fuch perfon fo fucceeding to the fame (hall be liable to the payment of the full duties thereon, without any new afleflment.
         CXLIX. And be it further ena&ed, That whenever any Relief from perfon or perfons (hall have been or (hall be aflefled in one double aflitfl’-diftrilt to the laft-mentioned duties, whether charged onfuchment8, perfon or perfons on his, her, or their own accounts, or, in any of the characters herein-before deferibed, on the behalf of any other perfon or perfons, and (hall have been or (hall be again aflefled in another diftriCt for the fame caufe and on the fame account, it (hall be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons to apply to the commiffioners for general purpofes, aCfing in or for the divifion or place for which fuch perfons (hall have been fo aflefled as aforefaid, for the purpofe of being relieved from fuch double afleflment; and the commiffioners aCting for the divifion or place within which fuch perfon or perfons (hall have been firft aflefled to the faid duties, (hall, upon application, give, or caufe to be given, a certificate under the hands of any two of fuch commiffioners, of the amount of the afleflment there made, which certificate (hall be given gratis; upon the production of which certificate to the commiffioners for general purpofes a&ing for fuch other diftridf, within which fuch perfon or perfons (hall have been aflefled for the fame caufe, and on the fame account, fuch laft-mentioned commiffioners (hall caufe the double afleflment made in fuch diftriCt, or fuch part thereof for which fuch double afleflment (hall be made, to be vacated, fo that fuch perfon or perfons may not remain charged by more than one afleflment for the fame caufe and on th^fame account.
         CL. And be it further enaCted, That the commiffioners Mode of afting in the execution of this a£t for any diftritft, as com- affeflutg com-0                                                  miflioners           »
ft
!
Go gle
     886 Anno regni quad'ragefimoquinto Georgii TIl/c. 49. [1805.
     duties under miflioners for the general purpofes of this a£t, (hall be charged fchedule (D.) antj aflfcflkd to the duties contained in fchedule (D.), if liable thereto, by the additional commiflioners for the fame diftriCt ; and the additional commiflioners aCling for the fame diftriCl (hall be charged and a(Tefied to the faid duties by each other refpc&ively, and according as they ought to be charged ; and that any two of the faid refpeClive commiflioners acting for any diftriCl, (hall refpeClively be competent to aflefs any other perfon aCling as fuch commiflioner for the fame diftriCt, in like manner, and with and under the like powers, as if fuch perlon had not aCled as fuch commiflioner; and the faid ieveraj commiflioners (hall refpeClively divide themfelves in fuch manner as that every fuch commiflioner (hall be aflefled by two other commiflioners, and the appeal therefrom (if any) may •           be determined by two commiflioners for general purpofes,
                 neither of whom (hall be concerned or interefted in the determination thereof, either for himfelf or -herfelf, or in any character before deferibed, for any other perfon or perfons j and the faid additional commiflioners (hall refpeClively eftablifh fuch regulations amongft themfelves, for charging and aflefling each other in.manner aforefaid, as may moft effectually fecure a fair and impartial aflefltnent upon every commiflioner, according to the true intent and meaning of this act; provided that any commiflioner, whofe ftatement or fchedule (hall be under confideration, or (hall be concerned or interefted therein, either for himfelf or for any other perfon or perfons, in any character before deferibed, (hall have no voice, and (hall not be prefent, except upon an appeal for the purpofe of being examined viva voce by the commiflioners then having his afleflfment or fchedule under confideration, but (hall withdraw during the confideration and determination thereof.
     AflVffinentsof CLI. And be it further enaCted, That all afleflments made the duties to upon profits or gains under fchedule (D.), made by the under*the^  commiflioners for general purpofes, (hall be entered in books,
     provifion of with the name and names, or the defeription of the perfon or fchedule (D.) perfons, corporations, companies, or focieties of perfons, to be tobemered, charged therewith, and their refpeClive places of abode fet oppofite thereto, and which entries {hall refpeClively be numbered progre(lively, or lettered, or diftinguifhed by numbers or letters, as the faid refpeClive commiflioners for the purpofes of this aCl (hall think proper; and that when and as foon as the faid refpeClive commiflioners (hall have caufed to be made any fuch entry in fuch book, they (hall deliver to the perfon or
 and certificates of the amount to be delivered by a number or letter without the name of the parties
aflefled,where perfons charged by fuch afleffmenr, or to fome perfon or perfons
 the parties intend payment into the £ank, See.
                  there attending on his, her, or their behalf, in cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall have declared his, her, or their intention to pay the duty fo aflefled into the bank of            ,  or to the
                  receiver-general or his deputy,' within the time limited by this aCl for payment thereof, and the faid commiflioners (hall be 'fatisfied with fuch declaration, a certificate under the hands of two or more of fuch commiflioners, fpecifying the amount of
                                                                                                                          the
  
        i8o5-] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.49.                 887
      the Turns to be paid within one year upon fuch afleflinent; and every fuch certificate (ball be numbered or lettered with the fame number or letter, as the entry in the book of the faid          %
      commiflioners to which fuch certificate (hall relate (hall be marked and numbered or lettered, without naming or otherwife deferibing the perfon or perfons charged thereby; which certificate (hall, on produ&ion thereof, be a fufficient authority to the governor and company of the bank of             , and to
      the refpedive receivers-general and their deputies in         ,
 I and the receiver-general in Scotland, and his deputy or deputies, from time to time to receive from any perfon or perfons, bearing and producing fuch certificate or certificates, the amount of the Turns therein contained, in fuch proportions thereof as by this a£t are made payable, by inftalments, and at the times by this ad appointed for payment thereof, or in advance; and on the payment of the Turns contained in any fuch certificate, or any proportion thereof, the faid governor and company, and the faid receivers-general and their refpedive deputies, (hall give certificates for the fame, acknowledging the receipt of the fum paid on account of the certificate of the faid refpedive commiflioners, by the number and letter marked thereon, as before direded.
        CLII. And be it further enabled, That in all cafes where Commiflion-the commiflioners (hall not have received a declaration ofers to deliver the intended pavment into the bank of              , or to the ^lle&ors,0
      receivers-general or their deputies refpedively as aforefaid, except where of the duty to be charged under fchedule (D.), or (hall not be parties are fatisfied with fuch declaration, they (hall deliver a duplicate of    by a
      the afleffments to the colledor or colledors, with the names r or and defcriptiom of the parties charged therewith, together with their warrants for collecting the fame, in fuch form and under the like powers as they are authorized to colled the duty under any of the other fchedules recited or contained in this ad; and if, after the receipt of any fuch declaration, the duties (hall not be duly fatisfied and paid, the faid commiflioners (hall caufe the names of the defaulters, and the amount of duty aflefled on each, to be inferted from time to time in the duplicate of fuch colledor, and the warrant for colleding the fame (hall be of the like force and effed as if fuch names and Turns had been inferted therein at the time of ifiuing fuch warrant.
        CLIII. And be it further enaded, That the commiflioners Commiflion,. for general purpofes, and alfo the additional commiflioners "s to enter ading in relation to the duties contained in fchedule (D.) (hall, mcnts in in their refpedive books of afleflinent, enter and caufe to be books, and entered the feveral amounts of the fums aflefled by them, and fend accounts they (hall from timd to time make out, or caufe to be made out, the tax and (hall tranfmit, or caufe to be tranfmitted, to the corn-0 cc‘ miflioners for the affairs of taxes, accounts of the amount of dpty aflefled by them, diftinguifhing the amount charged on each perfon', which accounts (hall feverally be made out with the particulars required by this ad; and they (hall alfo from
time
 !
 I
883 Anno
 Commiflion-crs to fend duplicates to the remembrancers and reqdvers-gcneral.
 Appointing deputy receivers in certain places#
 Duplicates to be delivered to deputy
regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1805.
time to time make out or caufe to be made but, and (hall tranfmit or caufe to be tranfmitted, to the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, lifts containing the name, defeription, and place of reiidence of all and every perfon or perfons aflefled by them refpe&ively, as foon as the fame conveniently can be done, which' lifts (hall be made out according to an alphabetical arrangement of the refpe£tive parifhes or places of reiidence in their refpe&ive diftri&s.
   <JLIV. And he it further enabled. That whenever fuch aflefltnents fhall be completed in any diftrie), the refpedlive commiflioners for general purpofes ading therein, fhall caufe to be delivered a duplicate on parchment, under their hands and fea’s, fairly written, containing the whole fums aflefled by them, into the King’s remembrancer's office of the exchequer in England and Scotland refpedively, and the faid commiflioners fhall alfo deliver a like duplicate unto the refpedive receivers-general in England and Scotland refpedively.
   CLV. And be it further enaded. That it fhall be lawful for any receiver-general, at the requeft of any cotnmiflioner ading for general purpofes, in relation to the faid laft-mentioned duties, in or for any city of town in Great Britain (except within the city of London, or within ten miles of the fame), and with the approbation of the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, to appoint a fit and proper perfon refident in fuch city or town, who fhall give fecurity to the fatisfadion of the faid receiver-general, to be his deputy for the receipt of fuch of the faid laft-mentioned duties arifing within fuch city or town, or within the diftrid where fuch city or town ftiall be fituate, as fhall be aflefled under a letter or number purfuant to a declaration of the party’s intention to pay the duty to fuch receiver-general or his deputy as aforefaid, regard being had jn fuch appointment to the population and extent of fuch city or town, for which deputy the faid receiver- general fhall be anfwerable; and it fhali be lawful for the faid refpedive commiflioners to allow to the deputy fo appointed, fuch falary and reward for his attendance and trouble therein, as (hall be agreed upon between fuch commiflioners and the perfon to be appointed fuch deputy, and as fhall be approved of by the faid commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, not exceeding the rate of one penny halfpenny of the fum received by fuch deputy, and paid over to fuch receiver-general, which allowance fuch deputy is hereby empowered to detain out of the payments made on account of each inflalment, as they (hall be paid ; and fuch deputy (hall, on fome day in every week to be named in the bond to be entered into by him, pay or remit to fuch receiver-general the whole amount of the duties then in his hands, and (hall faithfully account for the fame to fuch receiver-general.
   CLVI. And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful for the refpedive commiflioners for general purpofes, to ifliie out and deliver to the refpedive receivers-general, except where a
                                                                                                             deputy
    
                                                                                                                             1
11805.] Anno regniquadragefimo quintoGEORGii IIT. c.49.                     889
     deputy receiver (hall be appointed as herein is dire£ted, and to receivers and fuch deputies where fuch appointments have been made, ^er^affeV duplicates of the affeffments made by them, containing the fums nie*t5 aree aflefled on each perfon to whom a certificate hath been made under a delivered, by letter or number, together with the number or number or letter fet oppofite thereto in their refpeffive books before-mentioned, without naming fuch perfons, with their warrants warrants for for their receiving the faid duties charged by fuch commiflioners receiving the refpc&ively, as the fame (hall become payable as aforefaid ; and duties.
I all fuch fums (hall be paid to the refpe<5tive receivers-geheral or deputy receivers, where fuch (hall have been appointed, or into the bank of England; and fuch part thereof as (hall not be fo paid to them, (hall be levied and colle&ed as herein-after is mentioned ; and in default of the fame being fo levied, (hall be recoverable as a debt upon record to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, in manner before dire&ed in other cafes.
       CL VII. And be it further enacted, That the duties payable Perfons charge on fuch laft-mentioned afleflments, (hall be paid either into tho tfea*into
     bank of England, or to the receivers-general, or to the deputy the Bank °or of fuch receiver-general, where fuch (hall be appointed, at the to the re-* election of the party charged, by fuch inftalmente as by this att ceivor or col-direwted, before the refpedtive days appointed for fuch payments, ,cC^.r at ^jr according to the regulations of this adt, or by three or twofnde&ultthe ' inftalments, or hi one fum in full, as the parties (hall choofe; duties may and the certificates hereby required to be given on fuch pay-be levied as ments, (hall be delivered to the refpedlive commiflioners, or ro ot,*er d“tl{# one or more of them, or to their clerk at their office, before the commiffion-times when the fame are hereby made payable, taking his or c,-s for the their receipt for the fame, which receipt (hall be a fufficient affairs of discharge for the money fo paid, in fatisfa&ion of fo much oftaxcs* the affeflmcnt as (hall be mentioned in fuch certificate to be fo paid; and if any perfon (hall neglect to pay the fame at the time and in the manner hereby diredled for payment of fuch duties, or having paid the fame (hall negledk to deliver the certificate required to be given in fuch payment, as herein-before dire<fled, it (hall be lawful for the refpccUve commiflioners for general purpofes, and they are hereby required to deliver a duplicate of all fums aflefled on any perfon or perfons who (hall have made default in paying, or accounting for the payment of the fame, together with their warrant to fuch collector or collc&ors as they (hall appoint to levy the fums in arrear and unpaid, and which duplicate (hall be made out, and which fums (hall be
I levied according to the regulations of the faid recited adts refpe&ivelv.
       CLVIII. And be it further enatSVed, That the calhier of Payments to the bank of England (hall, on the receipt of any of the faid be c"ter®cl *n lail-mcntioned duties, enter the fame in the books to be                **
     provided for that purpofe, and all fuch fums (hall be entered under the name, letter, or number contained in the certificate; and every fuch account kept at the bank of           ,(hall be
                                                            entered
      
                                             890 Annoregniquadragefimoquinto Georg ii III. c. 49. [1805.
                                                         entered under the head of “ The Account of the Commiflioners
afting for the            of                     ” as  the cafe
                                                         may require; and the deputy receivers and colle&ors (hall, on
                                                         the like receipt, caufe the fame to be wrote off in their
                                                         refpective duplicates; and the faid cafhier or cafhiers, or
                                                         deputy or deputies to fuch receivers, or collc<£k>r or colledfors,
                                                         fhall, whenever he or they fhall be required by the refpe&ive
                                                         commiflioners for the purpofes of this adt, deliver to them a
true account of all fums paid at the bank of        , or to fuch
                                                         deputies or collectors refpecfively, on account of the duties
                                                         charged by them refpedtively, and fhall alfo tranfmit to the office
                                                         of the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, whenever required
by them (o to do, a true account of the fums fo paid.
                                                            CLIX. And be it further enadted. That it fhall be lawful
                                                         for -any perfon or perfons, at any time or times during the
7*^’continuance of this a<ft, to pay or caufe to be paid in advance to ducount.     .                .  ’                l 1
                 to the governor and company of the bank or              , or to
                 their cafhier or cafhiers, or to the receiver-general, or deputy
                 of any receiver-general appointed under this act, any fum or
                 fums of money charged as laft aforefaid, and to require a
                 certificate or certificates acknowledging fuch payment; and it
                 fhall be lawful for the cafhier or cafhiers of the faid bank of
                                                                 England, and for fuch receiver -or deputy receiver as aforefaid,
                 on production of the notice or certificate of fuch afleffinent,
                 at the time of payment of the faid duty in advance (the fuen
                 fo paid not in any cafe to be lefs than the fum which appears
                 by fuch certificate to be payable by two inftalments) to make
                 an allowance at the rate of five pounds eentum per            ,
                 out of the fum or fums fo paid in advance, calculated upon fuch
                 fum or fums for the period or periods by which each refpe&ive
                 fum fhall be paid fooner than the period preferibed by this adk
                 for payment thereof; and in every fuch cafe the faid cafhier or
                 cafhiers, or receiver or deputy receiver as aforefaid, (hall give
                 the perfon paying the fame a certificate of fuch payment,
                 fpecifying therein the number of inftalments thereby difeharged,
                 and the amount of the allowance for fuch prompt payment, and
                 referring thereby to the notice or certificate of afTeff'ment then
                 produced, and the name, number, or letter therein mentioned ;
                 and all fuch allowances fhall be made by the faid cafhier or
                 cafhiers, our of the duties to be paid in at the bank of
                                                                 England, at the time of paffing the fame; and all certificates
                 made out by the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and
                 company of the bank of England as aforefaid, or by any
                 receiver or deputy to any receiver-general appointed as herein-
                 mentioned, being delivered at the refpedlive offices of fuch
                 commiflioners, fhall be received by them as cafh in difeharge of
                 the afteftments, and fhall be allowed to them in th«-ir accounts.
                                             Recited du-. CLX. And be it further enadted, That the duty contained
                                            ties in fche* jn the fchedule marked (E.) as herein recited, fhall be affefied
                                            duie (E.) and an(j charge(j un(]er the following rules, which rules fhall be
                                                                                                                 deemed
Duties to be paid in ad
   
 1805,] Annoregni quadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. c,49«   891
    deemed and condrued a part of this adt, and to refer to the rules, deemed faid lad-mentioned duty, as if the fame had been inferted of thls herein under a fpecial enadhnent.
                         SCHEDULE (E.)
                  Rules for charging the faid Duties.
    Firft.—The faid duties (hall be charged on the perfon or To be charged perfons refpe&ively having, ufing, or exercifing fuch offices for all falaries, or employments of proht, or to whom fuch annuities, £ecs» orPro* penfions, or ftipends (hall be payable, for all falaries, fees,hts w ia ever* wages, perquifites or profits whatl'oever, accruing by reafon of fuch offices, employments, or penfions, after deducing the amount of duties payable or chargeable on the fame, by Dutiescharge-virtue of any a£f or afts of parliament, where the fame have able on the been really and bond fide paid and borne by the party to be famc by adts charged ; and each afieffment in refpedt of fuch offices or j^dedudf employments (hall be in force for one whole year, and etj.
      (hall be levied for fuch year without any new afieffment, notwithdanding a change may have taken place in fuch office or employment, on the perfon or perfons for fhe time having or exercifing the fame j provided the perfon quitting fuch Provifion office or employment, or dying within the year, his or their refpedting executors-or adminiftrators, (hall be liable for the arrears dueanears* before or at the time of his fo quitting fuch office or employment, or dying, and for fuch further portion of time as (hall then have elapfed, to be fettled by the refpedlive commiffioners; and his or their fucceflor or fucceffors (hall be repaid fuch fums as he or they (hall have paid on account of fuch portion of the year as aforefaid; and each afieffment in refpeft of fuch annuity, penfion, or ftipend, (hall be in force for one whole year, unlefs the fame (hall ceafe or expire within the year, by lapfe, death, or otherwife, from which period the afltflment thereon lhall be difeharged.
    Second.—The faid duties to be affeffed by the refpedlive com- Duties to be
      miffioners, for all the offices in each department in the place jhe^ffices fn*
      where the faid commiffioners (hall execute their offices, each depart-
      although certain of the offices in the fame department may be ment in the
      executed elfewhere, and (hall be due and payable from the place where
      refpective officers and their refpedlive fucceffors for the time V*? comJni£‘
      . T                           r                            fioners (hall
      bemS*        .     .                                       execute their
    Third.—The faid duties (hall be paid on all publick offices and offices.
      employments of profit, of the defeription herein-aftcr men- Defcription of tioned within Great Britain : videlicet, any office belonging offices to be to either houfe of parliament, or to any court of juilice, charSC{h whether of law or equity, in England or        , IValety the
      duchy of Lancajlery the duchy of C, or any criminal or judiciary or ecclefiadical court, or court of admiralty, or commiffary court or court martial; any publick office held under the civil government of his Majedy, or in any
                                                          county
     
    &92 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1805.
                  county palatine, or the duchy of          ; any  commiffioned
                  officer ferving on the ftafF, or belonging to his Majcfty’s army in any regiment of artillery, cavalry, infantry, royal marines, royal garrifon battalions or corps of engineers, or royal artificers; any officer in the navy, or in the mflitia, or volunteers; any office or employment of profit held under any ecclefiaftical body, whether aggregate or foie, or under any publick, corporation, company, or fociety, whether corporate or not corporate ; any office or employment of profit under any publick inftitution, or on any publick foundation, of whatever nature or for whatever purpofe the fame may be eftablifhed; any office or ’ employment of profit in any county, riding,  or divifion, (hire or ftewartry, or in any
                  city, borough,   town corporate,    or place, or under any
                  trufts, or guardians of any fund, tolls, or duties, to be exercifed in t’uch county, riding, divifion, fhire or ftewartry, city, borough, town corporate, or place, and every other publick office   or employment      of profit of a publick
                  nature.
    Fees, or other fourth.—The perquifites to be aftefTed under this a<ft fhall be deemed to be fuch profits of offices and employments as arife from fees or other emoluments, and payable either by the crown or the lubje&s in the courfe of executing fuch offices or employments, and fhall and may be eftimated either on the profits of the preceding year, or of the fair and juft average of one year, of the amount of the profits thereof in the three years preceding fuch years, in each cafe refpe&ively ending on the fifth day of April in each year, or fuch other day of each year on which the accounts of fuch profits have been ufually made up.
The duties on Fifth.—In all cafes where any falaries, fees, wages, or other perquifites or profits, or any annuities, penfions, or ftipends, fhall be payable at the receipt of the exchequer, or at any publick office, or by any officer of his Majefty’s houfehold, or by any of his Majefty’s receivers or paymafters, or by any agent or agents employed in that behalf, then and in every fuch cafe, the duties chargeable under this a<ft, in refpedt of fuch falaries, fees, wages, perquifites, or profits, or in refpecl of luch annuities, penfions, or ftipends, fhall and may, in cafe of nonpayment thereof, be detained and flopped out of the fame, or out of any money which fhall be payable upon fuch falaries, fees, wages, perquifites, or profits, or upon fuch annuities, penfions, or ftipends, or for the arrears thereof, whenever the fame fhall happen, and be applied to the fatisfa&ion of the duties on fuch offices or employments, or on fuch annuities, penfions, or ftipends, refpe&ively (not being otherwife paid) in the manner diretfted by this a£l j and whenever the fame fo payable fhall be aflefled by com-miffioners for general purpofes in their refpetftive diftri<5!s, they fhall tranfmit an account of the amount of the duty aflefled, to the exchequer or office where the fame are
                                                                                                               payable.
                                           .    new vos-
 jaianes, iccb, penfions, &c. payable at any publick office, to be flopped in cafe of Bon-payment.
 emoluments, may be efti-mated on the profits of the preceding year, or on an average of three ye&rsf
 r
 i
 ■'
 i
 »
 or
 Y
 H
 ir-,
 0H
 ;i
 i
 Y
 Y
 ft
 k
 it
 r
 9
 B
 ?
 it
 i
 Y f
        .                          *   y
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii IIT. c. 49. 895
    payable, in order that the amount fo aflefled may be there flopped and detained.
 Sixth.—In all cafes where the falaries, fees, wages, allowances, Duties on or profits of any officer or officers chargeable to the faid fa,ar* ?»&c» duties, (hall not arife out of any of the offices mentioned in offices the foregoing rule, but (hall arife from any other office or mentioned in employment of profit chargeable to the faid duties, and the the foregoing falaries, fees, wages, perquifites, or profits {hall be payable at ™,e> be fuch office, by any officer or officers thereof, or by any        re*
    receiver or receivers of the fame refpeCtively, or by any agent ceiving fuch or agents employed in that behalf, the duties chargeable falaries, fees, under this aCt, in refpeCt of fuch falaries, fees, wages,&c* perquifites, or profits, (hall be detained and flopped out of the fame, or out of any money which (hall be paid upon fuch falaries, fees, wages, perquifites, or profits, or for arrears thereof, whenever the fame (hall happen, and be applied to the fatisfaCtion of the duties (not otherwife paid) in the manner directed by this a£t.
 Seventh.—Such portion of the faid duties on offices or employ- Such portion ments of profit, or on annuities, penfions, or ftipends, as of the duties are charged with any fum or fums of money payable to any ^ith^urns*”* other perfon or perfons, (hall be deducted out of the fums payable to any payable to fuch other perfon or perfons, as a like rate on other perfons, fuch fums refpeCtively would amount unto; and all fuch to be deduCt-perfons, their agents and receivers, (hall allow fuch f^m^V abT deductions and payments upon receipt of the refidue of to fuenper-* fuch fums.                                                 Tons.
 Eighth.—Such portion of the faid duties charged on any office Duty charged or employment of profit executed by any deputy or clerk, upon the prin-or other perfon employed under the principal in fuch office, and paid by fuch principal out of the falary, fees, wages, f^arfCs paid perquifites or profits of fuch principal, (hall be deducted out to his deputy of the falary or wages, fo payable, as a like rate on fuch or clerk, to be falary or wages would amount unto; and all fuch deputies, dedudted out clerks, and other perfons fo employed, (hall allow to their r;c^c' refpeCtive principals fuch deductions and payments, upon the receipt of the refidue of fuch falaries or wages.
 Ninth.—In eftimating the duty payable for any fuch office or payments on employment of profit, or any penfion, annuity, or ftipend, receipt of all official deductions and payments made upon the receipt falaries, of the falaries, fees, wages, perquifites, and profits thereof, accounts'or or in paffing the accounts belonging to fuch office, or upon upon thc’rc. the receipt of fuch penfion, annuity, or ftipend, (hall be ceipt of pen-allowed to be deduCted, provided a due account thereof fions to be be rendered to the faid commiffioners, and proved to their <ledi:'aed* fatisfaCtion.                                              Penfions pny-
 Tenth.—In all cafes where any annuities or penfions (hall be able out a payable out of any particular branch of the publick revenue, and at the office of that branch of revenue, the commiffioners charged by aCting for that department (hall have authority to aflefs and the commif-levy the fame as a falary or wages payable thereout.       lioners there.
                                                 CLXI. And
         gle
 894 Annoregni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III.c.49. [1805.
 Com million* ers for the duties on offices in the publick de
 by the principal officers belonging thereto.
     CLXI. Andy for the ordering,                 and paying of the
 faid fumsof money hereby made payable            , be it further
 enaded, That the lord high chancellory judges, and all and every the principal officer or officers of each court or publick department of office under his Majefty throughout whether the fame fhall be civil, judicial, or criminal, ecclefiaftical, partments, to or commiflariate, military or naval, (hall have authority to ap-be appointed p0jnt commiffioners from and amongft the officers of each court or department of office refpedively; and the perfons fo appointed ffiall be commiffioners for executing this ad as aforefaid, and the powers therein contained, in relation to the offices in each fuch court or department refpedively: provided always, that in relation to each department of office, not being one of his Majefty’s courts civil, judicial, or criminal, or an ecclefiaftical or'commiflariate court, the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s trcafury for Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland (hall, whenever they think it expedient, fettle and determine in what particular departments commiffioners (hall not be appointed, and in fuch cafe (hall fettle and determine it} what other department of office, the officers of that department wherein commiffioners (hall not be appointed (hall be aflefled; and alfo whenever there (hall be any default in the officers of any department, or in any court aforefaid, in appointing commiffioners, the faid commiffioners of the treafury and barons of the exchequer refpedively, (hall, within the time herein limited, appoint fit and proper perfons, as directed by this ad to be commiffioners for executing this ad in the feveral courts or departments of offices aforefaid, for which they (hall be appointed from and amongft the officers in the feveral departments refpedively, uniting for the purpofes of this ad in cafes Two or more requiring the fame two or more offices under the fame corn-offices may miffioners; but neverthelefs with diftind officers from each under the fame °®ce   united for afleffing and colleding the fame, as directed
 commiffion- by this ad; and where any difpute (hall arife touching the de-era.         partment in which any office is executed, the faid lords com-
              miffioners of the treafury and barons of the court of exchequer refpedively as aforefaid, (hall determine the fame: provided alfo, that where the commiffioners of one department (hall execute this ad in relation to any other department, the afleflors and colledors for fuch other department (hall be appointed from the officers of fuch other department, with all the powers and privileges appertaining to fuch appointments: provided alfo, that where no appointment (hall be made of commiffioners, before the expiration of the time limited by this ad, the commiffioners for executing this ad, in relation to the duties on lands and tenements, (hall in their feveral diftrids alfo execute this ad in relation to the faid duties on offices and employments of profit exercifed within the fame diftrids refpedively; and the appointment of fuch commiffioners (hall be notified to the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes in England, Wales, and     -
     .       upon-Tweed, and to the barons of the court of exchequer in
                                                                                                                    Scotland,
 
 NE
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 49.                  895
 Scotland, and the want of fuch notification in due time (hall be deemed full proof of the want of fuch appointment.
    CLXII. And be it further enafted, That the fpeaker and the Appointment principal clerk of either houfe of parliament, the principal or other officers in the feveral counties palatine and the duchy ofoffices in°r Cornwall, or in any ecclefiaftical court, or in any inferior court houfes of par-of juftice, whether of law or equity, or criminal or judiciary, or liament, coun-under any ecclefiaftical body or corporation, whether aggregate palatine, or foie, throughout Great Britain, fhall appoint commiffioners courts^and from and amongft the perfons executing offices in either houfe under eccle-of parliament, or in their refpeftive departments of office, and fiafticai the perfons fo appointed, or any three or more of them, not in bodies, any cafe exceeding feven, (hall be commiffioners for executing this aft, and the powers therein contained, in relation to the places, offices, and employments of profit in each houfe of parliament, and in each fuch department refpeftively, which appointments (hall be made, and the names of the commiffioners (hall be tranfmitted to the office fpr taxes or to the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland refpeftively, within the time herein limited: provided always, that where no fuch appointment (ball be made of fuch laft*mentioned commiffioners before the expiration of the time limited by this aft, the commiffioners for executing this aft, in relation to the duties on lands and tenements, fhall, in their feveral diftrifts, on due notice of fuch default in the manner herein direfted, alfo execute this aft in relation to the duties on fuch offices or employments of profit exercifed within the fame diftrifts refpeftively.
    CLXIII. And be it further enafted. That the mayor, alder- Commiffion-men, and common council, or the bailiffs and capital burgeffes, for raffing or the principal officers or members by whatever name they officcgViot'be-fhall be called, of every corporate city, borough, town, or longing to any place, and of every cinque port throughout Great            , or pubiick de*
 any three or more of them, not in any cafe exceeding feven, partment. (hall be commiffioners for executing this aft, and the powers therein contained, in relation to the pubiick offices or employments of profit in fuch city, corporation, and cinque port, and in every guild, fraternity, company, or fociety, whether corporate or not corporate, within fuch city, corporation, or cinque port, and for all offices or employments of profit, (not being pubiick offices or employments of profit under his Majefty), in fuch county, riding, (hire, ftewartry, city, liberty, franchife, town, or place, whether in the appointment of the lieutenant, cuftos rotulorum, or the juftices or magiftrates, or fheriff of fuch county, riding, (hire, ftewartry, city, liberty, franchife, town or place, or of any truftecs or guardians of any truft or fund in fuch county, riding, (hire, ftewartry, city, town, or place; and that for all parochial offices in any county, riding, (hire, ftewartry, city, town, or place, (except corporate offices in cities, corporate towns, boroughs, or places, or offices in cinque ports as aforefaid), the commiffioners for executing this aft in relation to the duties on lands and tenements, (hall.
                                                                      in
   
 PUBl
 .896 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georg 11 III. c.^. [1805.
              in their feveral diftriAs, alfo execute this aA in relation to the raid duties on offices in fuch county, riding, (hire, ftewartry, city, liberty, franchife, town or place, and fuch refpeAive com-miflioners (hall and may exerciie any of the powers contained in this aft, in relation to any of the duties herein mentioned, for cauftng due returns to be made from the refpeAive officers within their refpeAive jurifdiAions, and for compelling the affeffors to make their certificates of afleffment, and returning the fame, and for the due collection of and accounting for the faid duties, and to aA therein in all refpeAs as fully and effeAually as any other commiflioners are hereby empowered to aA in relation to the faid other duties ; provided the monies colleAed of the faid duties under the refpeAive commiflioners aAing for fuch offices in corporate cities, boroughs, towns, or places aforefaid, or in the cinque ports, or in the feveral bounties, ridings, divifions, (hires, flewartries, cities, liberties, franchifes, towns, and places, (hall be paid to the receiver-general of the county, riding, (hire, or ftewartry, and not otherwife, and that the like duplicates (hall be delivered of fuch laft-mentioned duties as in other cafes where the fame are direAed to be paid in like manner, a^'lntment” CLXIV. And be it further enaAed, That the appointment of commif- °f commiflioners for executing this aA, in relation to the duties fioners is to be on offices and employments of profit as aforefaid in notified to the Wales, and Berwick-upon-Tweed, (hall refpeAively be notified to i^defeuk of comm'fl",oners f°r ‘he affairs of taxes, within one calendar fuch notifica- month after the pafling of this aA, with refpeA to the fir ft tion, the ap- affeffment under the fame, and within one calendar month after pointment of the fifth day of April in any future year j and in default thereof, er^to'dcTpIve aPP°‘ntment fuch commiflioners (hall devolve on the on the trea- lords commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or on the com* fury, or the miflioners of the diftriA, as the cafe may happen: provided comraiflion- always, that fuch appointment by the commiflioners of the Satoexe- treafury               tal£e place within one calendar month after the
 «ute the ad. notification of fuch default as aforefaid from the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes; and in cafe of no appointment as laft aforefaid, to be notified in like manner, the execution of this aA fhall devolve on the commiflioners before mentioned appointed for the diflriA in relation to the duties on lands, tenements, and hereditaments: provided alfo, that fuch appointments by the barons of the exchequer in Scotland (hall take place in every cafe of fuch default as aforefaid, from the fpace of one calendar month after the refpeAive periods before limited; and in cafe no fuch appointment (hall be made by the faid barons within one calendar month after fuch default, then the execution of this aA (hall devolve on the commiflioners before mentioned, appointed for the diftriA in relation to the duties on lands, tenements, or hereditaments.
                 CLXV. And be it further enaAed, That fuch appointments (hall be until other commiflioners (hall be appointed, and which appointments may be renewed annually on or before the fifth day of April in each year during the continuance of this aA:
                                                                                                                      provided
              8le                      .                 MEW YORK ;
 Duration of the appoint-menu.
Go
    t805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.       897
 provided always, that the commiflioners already appointed under Commiflion-the fard recited ad, or to be appointed under this ad, may crs appointed continue to ad from year to year, fo long as they are refpec-tively willing tb ad, without any new appointment, unlels it (hall be deemed expedient under the powers of this ad, that any department for which commiflioners have been appointed fhould be aflefled under the commiflioners of any other department.
    CLXVI. And he it enaded, That every perfon to be aflefled Perfons afielT-for his' office or employment, fhall be deemed to have exercifed the fame at the head office of the department under which fuch have*eTer-•office or employment fhall be held, and fhall be rated for fuch cifed the fame office or employment as if exercifed at fuch head office, although at the head the duties of fuch office or employment fhall be performed, or office, the profits or any part thereof, arifing from fuch office or employment, fhall be payable elfewhere within or out of Great Britain; and all afleffments made on any inferior officer or officers, wherever they<fhall exercife their office or employment, fhall be rated accordingly in the fame diftrid where fuch head office fhall be eftablifhed.
    CLXVII. And be it further enabled, That every office In what de-(hall be deemed to belong to, and to be aflefled by or under partment offi* the principal officers of that department by or under whom the   bc
 appointment to fuch office was made $ provided that where fuch a * appointment fhall be made by any inferior officer in any department, then fuch office fhall be aflefled by the fame commif-fioners by whom fuch inferior officer fhall be chargeable for his office : provided alfo, that where any fuch appointment fhall be held under the great fcal or privy feal, either of England or Scotland, or fhall-be made under the royal fign manual, or where any fuch appointment fhall be under the hands or feals of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, and the fame fhall not be exercifed in the department of the treafury, then the officer holding the fame fhall be aflefled in that department where the office fhall have been executed; provided alfo, that nothing herein contained (hall be conftrued to limit the right herein-before given to commiflioners of the diftrid of afleffing offices before deferibed within their refpedive jurifdidions, although fuch offices or any of them may not be held under their appointment, or the profits of fuch offices may not be payable by them or their order.
    CLXVIH. And be it further enaded, That for the better Commiflion-execution of this ad, fo far as the fame relates to the duties ers for raifmg hereby granted on annuities or penfions payable by his Majefty,the duties on contained in fcheduie (E.) and for the ordering, raifmg, P€nllon** levying, and paying of the fevcral fums of money hereby made payable thereon, tlte principal officers in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer in England, and the remembrancer, auditor, receivers, and clerks of the pipe in the exchequer in Scotland or their refpedivc deputies, (hall be commiflioners for executing this ad, and all the powers herein contained, in relation to rhe * Vol. XLV,                    3 M ,                   raid
        CO glC                                            -ORK PUBUC J
 oner annul' tics.
898 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1805.
             (aid laft-mentioned duties, or (hall refpedlively appoint com-miffioners from and amongft the officers of thofe departments for fuch purpofes.
 Commiflion- CLXIX. And be it further enafled, That in refpedl of the oiiwannul-*" duties hereby granted on annuities payable at the exchequer, commonly called Exchequer                      , whether, for lives or years,
   or depending on furvivorfhip, the fame commiffioners who (hall a<ft in relation to penfions payable by his Majefly at the faid exchequer, (hall alfo be commiffioners for ordering* raifing, levying, and paying the feveral fums made payable on fuch exchequer annuities, and (hall have authority to exercife all and every the powers of this aft in relation to publick annuities, and to retain.and (top the duty payable thereon in like manner as is herein-before directed with regard to Bank flock or South Sea flock.
 Allowances CLXX. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That the the truftees of 1'^e aH°wances fhall he granted to the truftees of the Britijb the Britifh Mufeum, in refpedt of any charge under fchedule (A.) to be Mufeum, and made on the lands and tenements veiled in fuch truftees, as are exemptions granted to colleges and other properties mentioned in No. V. fem^manner6 d*31 fchedule, and the like exemptions (hall be allowed in asnowal- refpedt of any dividends of (lock veiled in fuch truftees, or lowed to cha- any of them, or in any other for their ufe, as. are granted to mableinfti- charitable inflitutions by this adl; and no falary or payment utions. made or to be made out of his Majefty’s exchequer to fuch truftees, for the ufe of fuch inftitutions, (hall be charged at the faid exchequer; provided all falaries of officers or perfons employed under the laid truftees (hall be charged on the faid officers refpedHvcly.
 Commiflion- CLXXI. And be it further enabled, That the feveral com* cierk^     aSetT- milfioners authorifed to adl in the execution of this adl, in
 ors, and col- relation to the duties on offices or employments of profit, and ledtors, from on annuities, penfions, or ftipends, as foon after their refpec-,n tiVe appointments as conveniently can be done, in their refpec-mentB.eP " l've departments, (hall meet at fome convenient place in order to qualify themfelves by their taking the oaths preferibed by this adl, and (hall have power to eledl a clerk, and an affefibr or aftefTors, and a collector or colledlors of the laid duties to be aftefled by them, from and amongft the officers in their refpec-tive departments, and in the refpedlive departments under their cognizance, which aftefTors (hall, within a time to be fixed by the refpedlive commiflioners, deliver to them their certificates of aflefiment in writing under their hands, to be verified upon their oaths or folemn affirmations, and not otherwife, of the full and juft annual value of all offices and employments of profit chargeable under this adl, in the department for which they (hall be appointed aftefTors, and of all penfions, annuities, and ilipends, eftimated according to this adl, (after deducing the fum and fums payable thereout refpe&ively by virtue of any former adl or adls, where the fame have been really and bond fide paid and borne by the party to be charged) with the
                                                                                                                names

  I
 I
 I
 '
 1

*
1805.] Anno regniquadragefimoquintoGfioRGii III. c. 49. 899
 names and furnames of the fevcral officers and perfons entitled
 to penfions, annuities, or ftipends, and the feveral fums of
 money they ought to pay by virtue of this atfl at the rate of
 one (hilling for every twenty (billings of fuch value, without
 abatement or deduction, and without concealmept or favour,
 upon pain of forfeiture for every negleft in the premifes of any
 fum not exceeding one hundred pounds nor lefs than twenty
 pounds, which faid adedors are hereby ftri<5Uy enjoined and
 required with all care and diligence to charge and aflcfs them-
 felves, and all other officers, clerks, and perfons employed in
 their refpe&ive departments of office, and with refpe<5t to the
 duty on penfions to charge and adefs all perfons entitled unto
 any fuch penfions, and refpedfively to make their afleflments
 according to the provifions of this a<S>; and every fuch adeflor AfTeflors to
 (hall have free accefs to all documents and papers whatever in l^^ume-nts
 their refpeftive offices, touching the falaries, fees, wages, per- an(j may re_ *
 quifities, and profits of any officer, clerk, or perfon aforefaid, quire returns.
 belonging to their refpeftive offices, and touching the amount
 of the refpe&ive penfions, and (hall be at liberty, whenever
 the fame may be neceffary, to require returns from the parties
 themfelves according to the provifions of this a£f, that they ♦
 may be enabled to make a true adedment in purfuance thereof.
   CLXXII. And be it further enadled, That in every cafe where any perfon holding fuch offices or employments, or being be ftated entitled unto any penfion, annuity, or ftipend as aforefaid, (hall although claim an abatement under this a<St, or to be difeharged wholly abatements from fuch adedment, the commiffioners (hall neverthelefs fetor down in fuch adedment the names of fuch perfons, and theare c aime full and juft annual value of fuch offices, employments, penfions, annuities, or (Upends; and the claims to fuch abatements (hall be preferred and examined, and the merits thereof (hall be heard and determined under the regulations of this a£t with refpect to other adedinents.
   CLXXI1I. And be it ena<5led, That where any office or em- Deputies to ployment of profit chargeable by this a£t is or (hall be executed pay for prin-by deputy, fuch deputy (hall in all cafes where he (hall receive are ,r/the the profits thereof, be anfvverable for and (hall pay fuch adedment receipt of the as (hall be charged thereon, and deduct the fame out of the profits, profits of fuch office or employment; and where the falaries, officers re-fees, wages, emoluments, or profits of any officer or officers ceiving fala-in any fuch office, (hall be receivable by any one or more of fjcs fees to the faid officers for the ufe of fuch officer or officers, or as a fJra£u'J^ * fund to be divided amongft fuch officers, in certain proportions, the officer or officers receiving fuch falaries, fees, wages, per-quifites, or profits* (hall be anfwerable for the duties charged thereon, and (hall pay the fame, and dedudt the fame out of the funds provided for fuch refpc&ive offices or employments, before any divifion or apportionment thereof; and in cafe of refufal or nonpayment thereof, (hall be liable to fuch didrefs as by this a& is preferibed againft any perfon having the office or
                        3 m 2                        employment,
^    '   Co gle •
 903 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [i8o£*
             employment, and to all other remedies and penalties refpeftively herein contained.
 Afleflors to CLXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the proper be furnifhed officers or their refpeftive deputies, and the receivers and pay-with lifts to niafters in every publick department of office, and in every value^and C ot^er office for which commilEotters are hereby intended to be may require appointed for raifmg the duties hereby charged on fuch offices returns, and refpeftively, and any agent or agents by whom any falaries, fees, to deliver a wages, perquifites, or profits, (hall be payable, (hall, upon re-affeffment °       t0 them made by the refpeftive afleffors for the faid
             refpeftive duties, deliver gratis true lifts or accounts of all fuch falaries, fees, wages, perquifites, and profits received by them, and belonging to fuch offices refpeftively, and of all penfions payable to them refpeftively, for the better guidance of the faid afleflors in charging the fame; and if the faid afleflors (hall be diflatisfied with fuch accounts, it (ball be lawful for them to require any officer whofe office (hall not be truly valued in fuch account, to prepare and produce to them, within the like period of time as is limited for the returns of other accounts by this alt, a lift or account of the falaries, fees, wages, perquifites, and profits of the office exercifed by him, which returns fuch officer (hall be obliged to make under the penalties and forfeitures contained in this aft for not making other returns hereby required, and from the documents and papers in their refpeftive offices, the faid refpeftive afleflors (hall make their certificates of afleff-ment upon the perfons holding fuch offices, or entitled unto fuch penfions refpeftively, according to the annual value thereof, at the rate in the fchedule to this aft annexed, and (hall, in like manner as is before direfted with refpeft to afleflors for any pari(h or place, bring in their faid certificates to the refpeftive commiffioners for their allowance, who (had forthwith fet their hands to the fame, which afleflments (hall be in force for one year, commencing and payable at the like periods as the afleff-ments in parifties are made payable$ and the faid refpeftive commiffioners for the duties on offices (hall caufe the like duplicates to be made thereof, and delivered to colleftors, with like warrants to colleft the faid duties, as is before direfted to be given to colleftors for any parifti or place; and the faid colleftors of the faid duties on offices (hali have the like authority to demand and levy the faid duties, as is herein given to colleftors of any pari(h or place : provided always, that in all cafes where any falaries, fees, wages, perquifites, or profits of any publick office be detained and flopped out of the fame, or out of any monies which (hall be paid thereupon, and the amount of the monies fo detained or flopped of the duties on offices or employments of profit as afrrefaid, (hall be wrote off* in the books of the colleftors of the faid duties, in fatisfiaftion and difeharge thereof, or of fo much thereof as (hall be fo detained ; and the proper officers in the refpeftive offices (hall keep true accounts of all monies flopped, and (upon requeft) (hall give
                                                                                                               copies

 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 901
 copies of fuch accounts to the proper collectors of fuch monies; and the money fo detained of the duty on annuities, peniions, or impends, fhall be accounted for and paid in the manner hereinafter directed.
    CLXXV. And be it further enabled. That the particular Department department in which any afleffinent fhall be made of the faid of office to be duties on offices and employments of profit, or on annuities, penftons, or ftipends, (hall be anfwerable for the amount of the ,nd an-cars to duties which fhall be charged on the refpeCtive officers of fuch be rc-afleffed. department, or on the annuities, penfions, or ftipends, payable by fuch department, or the officers thereof, and for the faid duties being duly detained and flopped at fuch offices, or their being demanded and levied according to the directions of this a£t, as any parifh or place is hereby made anfwerable for the duties charged by virtue of this act, in fuch parifh or place, and the arrears of fuch duties as may arife from the default or failure of any collector appointed to coiled and levy the fame, or of any officer or perfon whofe duty it fhall be to detain and (top the faid duties, fhall be raifed and levied of the particular collectors, officers, and other perfons who fhall have collected, detained, or flopped fuch duties, and (hall not have paid over the fame as by this aCt is directed, under the powers contained in the faid re* cited aCts refpeCtively, in the cafe of a collector therein mentioned ; and that in default of recovering the fame as aforefftid, the faid arrears fhall be aflefled on the fame officers refpeCtively, and on the annuities, penfions, and ftipends refpeCtively, on which the faid duties fhall have been charged, by duly apportioning the fame amongft the feveral officers and perfons aflefled in the afleffinent for the fame department, in the fame year in which fuch re-afTefTment fhall be made, according to the amount of each perfon’s afleffinent therein as nearly as the cafe will admit, and by the like rules, methods, and directions by which the original afleffinent was nude, and under the like powers as are herein or in the faid recited aCts refpeCtively given in other cafes of re-afl'eflinent.
    CLXXV I. And be it further enaCted, That where any per-Duties on fon having, ufing, or exercifing any office or employment of °ffices which profit which fhall be charged to the duties by this aCt granted flopped, to he thereon, and the faid duties canno.t be detained and flopped in certified in the hands of the proper officer or officers, or in the hands of any cafe of nonagent or agents employed to pay the monies due in refpeCt of payment to the faid office or employment, or the fame monies fhall have [^crsoTthe been paid over to the perfon or perfons having, ufing, or ex- tUfki&whcre ercifing the faid office or employment, and fuch pesfon or per- the parties fons fhall refufe or negleCt to pay the fum or fums of money      refide,
 charged upon him or them, any two or more of the com-             their°
 miffioners for railing the duties on the faid offices fhall and may, warrants for by writing under their hands and feals, certify fuch neglect or levying tho refufal, and the fum payable by virtue of this aCt, to the com-fam«* miffioners for executing this aCt in relation to lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the parifh or place where fuch officer or
                            *     "■                 "  officers
     Co gle
 902 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1805.
      . officers {hall refide; and any two or more of fiich commiffioners are hereby authorized and required, upon receipt of fuch certificate, by warrant under their hands and feats, to authorize and empower the relpe&ive colledors of the faid duties, or the collectors of the parifh or place where fuch officer or officers refide, to levy the fame by fuch ways and means as they are authorized to levy the duties charged by them refpe&ively, in purfuance of this ad, and fuch colledors are hereby authorized to execute fuch warrant accordingly, and which (nail be executed under the like powers and in like manner as is herein-after direded, and as if fuch officer or officers was or were charged to the faid duties in fuch parifh or place; and the monies arifing thereby (hall be paid to the colledors charged with the faid duties on fuch office or employment.
   CLXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no qualification (hall be required of any of the officers or per-fons herein deferibed to be commiffioners for the duties on offices, or on employments of profit, or on penfions, flipends, annuities, intereft, or dividends contained in the feveral fche-dules, who fhall ad as fuch commiffioners by virtue of their feveral offices, other than fuch offices refpedively, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.
 Officers afling CLXXVIII. And be it further enaded, That the refpedive in railing the afl'efTors and colledors appointed to raife and affefs, or levy, colled, and pay the fums of money to be charged on offices or employments of profit, or on annuities, penfions, or ftipends payable by his Majcfty by virtue of this ad, and alfo the fur-veyors and infpedors ading in relation to the faid duties, (hall ‘refpedively be fubjed to the penalties and forfeitures for refufing or negleding the performance of their duty, or for being guilty of any fraud or abufe in executing the fame, as are inflicted on fuch officers refpectively by the faid recited act for the like offences.
 No qualifies tion to be required of commiffioners on offices and publick annuities.
 duties on offices liable to penalties.
 Duty to be CLXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted. That fuch of (topped or de- the faid duties granted by this act, antf the contributions hereby dufted when authorized which maybe detained or flopped, and deducted out (umswt a -           ^ums 'n refpect whereof they fhall be charged or deducted,
 ablCt C ^ fhall be relpectively detained at fuch times in each year as the faid fums fhall be payable to the perfon or perfons entitled thereto.
 Exemptions CLXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted* That from duties every perfon charged to the duties hereby granted in refpect of upon proof any profits or gains hereby charged, or liable to the payment come is left thereof in refpeCl of any fum or fums afifing from the profits than 60/.; hereby charged, fhall upon proving, as herein-after is mentioned, and abate- that the aggregate annual amount of his, her, or their income menu allowed js jefs than tjie fum 0f fixty p0unds, be exempted from the
 in the table payment of the faid duties, and from all deductions or payments upon income on account thereof, or by reafon of this act, in manner herein-amounting to after mentioned, without any alteration or difeharge of the 6ot. but lefs affeffinent; and that in all cafes where fuch aggregate annual
                                                                                                                      amount
  Go glc
 I
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.49. 903
 amount (hall be fixty pounds or more, and (hall be lefs than than 150/. one hundred and fifty pounds, fuch perfon (hall be entitled to P«annum, fuch allowance as may be neceflary to reduce the payment in each cafe refpedHvely, in the proportion dated in the following tablej (that is to fay),

TABLE of the ABATED RATES of DUTY.
                                                                                              For
 Where the faid aggregate annual amount (hall be fixty pounds or more, and lefs than feventy pounds, the fum of - - -
 Where the faid aggregate amount (hall be feventy pounds or more, and lefs than eighty pounds, the fum of - - - - -
 Where fuch aggregate annual amount (hall be eighty pounds or more, and lefs than ninety pounds, the fum of - - - - -
 Where fuch aggregate amount (hall be ninety pounds or more, and lefs than one hundred pounds, the fum of - - -  -
 Where fuch aggregate amount (hall be one hundred pounds or more, and (hall be lefs than one hundred and ten pounds, the fum of ----------
 Where fuch aggregate amount (hall be one hundred and ten pounds or more, and (hall be lefs than one hundred and twenty pounds, the fum of -  --   --   --
 Where fuch aggregate amount (hall be one hundred and twenty pounds or more, and lefs than one hundred and thirty pounds, the fum of   -  --     --   --   --
 Where fuch aggregate amount (hall be one hundred and thirty pounds or more, and lefs than one hundred and forty pounds, the fum of   -  --     --   --   --
 Where fuch aggregate amount (hall be one hundred and forty pounds or more, and lefs than one hundred and fifty pounds, the fum of   -  --     --   --  --
                     Table of rates where the ag-every twenty (hillings gregate annual of fuch •amount:      amount is
                     60 /. and lefs than 150/.
   Three-pence.
 Four-pence.
 Five-pence.
 Six-pence.
 Seven-pence.
 Eight-pence.
 Nine-pence.
 Ten-pence.
 Eleven-pence.

'/*• J*
 And every claim to fuch exemption or abatement (ball be claim to claimed and proved, and the proceedings thereupon (hall be had abatement to before the refpective commilfioners for general purpofes in the be proved be-diftrict where fuch claimant (hall refide, purfuant to and under miflionerT*™* the powers and provifions by which the duties in fchedule (D.) are herein directed to be ascertained, charged, levied, collected, and paid, but neverthelefs fubject to the directions herein-after contained.
                                       CLXXXI.
Co gle
 9°4
 dules.
 Abatements for children.
 Where the annual income is 60 /• and under
                                                     Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Geo ecu III. c.49. [1805.
                CLXXXI. And, in order that fuib exemption or                *
             as may be claimed in refpefl of any ajfjjment or made at the rate of duty as               in fchedule (B.), may
             be eftimatedin a juft proportion to the other duties charged by the other fchedules contained in this afl; be it further enacted. Apportioning That for the purpofes of granting fuch exemptions or allowances, abatement the inc0me ariftng from the occupation of lands or tenements, per ions °n 'f 'n England, IVales, or                  Be, (hall be eftimaied
 chargeable by at three fourths of the annual value thereof, and if in     at
 fcvcral fche- one half of fuch annual value j and after fuch eftimate, fuch perfon (hall be entitled to fuch exemption as aforefaid, or to fuch allowances as will reduce the payment on the whole of his, her, or their income refpectively, in the proportions ftated in the foregoing table.
    CLXXXII. And be it further enacted. That every perfon having more1 than two children born in lawful wedlock, and bond fide maintained at the expence of fuch perfon, (hall, for every child above two, be entitled to the respective abatements following; (that is to fay) where the aggregate annual amount of the income of fuch perfon is fixty pounds or upwards, and under four hundred pounds a year, there (hall be allowed for 400A forreach eac^        above two, a fum after the rate of four pounds per
 child above centum on fuch aggregate annual amount, and in proportion to two, 4/. per the duty chargeable on that amount, to be afeertained by fuch » ,400^ tables as have been or fhall be tranfmitted to the refpective 1*000F for  commiflioners for thatpurpofe; and where fuch annual aggre-
 each child gate amount (hall be four hundred pounds, and under one
 above two, 3/. thoufand pounds per annuman abatement after the rate of three percent.; pounds per centum, for each fuch child above two ; and where under *5*000/ aSSreIate annua^ amount (hall be one thoufand pounds, for each’ child and under five thoufand pounds, an abatement after the rate of above two, a/, two pounds per centum for each fuch child above two; and per cent ;  where fuch aggregate annual amount (hall be five thoufand
 upwardsfor Pounds or upwards, an abatement after the rate of one pound each child Per centum for each fuch child above two; provided that fuch above two, 1/. claimant (hall, within fuch time as herein-after is directed, par ctut, deliver a declaration in writing, containing the whole number of fuch children, and their refpective names and places of refi-dence, and which of them are a part of the family, or refide elfewhere as aforefaid : provided alfo, that the children by any former marriage, either of the hufband or wife, or of the huf-band or wife deceafcd, (hall equally entitle fuch perfon to the benefit of fuch abatements as his or her own children.
                CLXXXIII. And, in order that due provifum may be made for granting the faid exemption or allowances in the three preceding Declarations clavfes,be it further enacted. That every perfon claiming fuch 1 erfons claim^ e*e,nP<*on or allowances as aforefaid, in refpect of the duties ingr abate- aflefled upon him or her (hall, within the time limited by this ments to the act for making returns of the duty chargeable as directed by commiflion- this act, or within fuch further time as the refpective com-
 allV thefiune. m‘^loncrs      f°r  fyecial caufe afligned, allow, deliver, or
    w ’ .                   "                                           caufe

     1805.3   Anno regni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c.49.             905
11   caufe to be delivered, to the aflefior or affeflbrs of the pari(h or
,    place where fuch claimant (hall refide, and not elfewhere, a
     declaration in writing, ftgned by him or her, of his or her intention to claim fuch exemption or allowances, which declaration ,    (hall be in fuch form as may be directed under the authority of
,    ths act, declaring therein the particular fource or fources from
s    whence fuch income fhali arife, and the particular amount
1    ariftng from each fource, and alfo every fum of annual imereft,
.    or other annual payment referved or charged thereon, whereby
I    the income (hall or may be diminilhed, to which declaration
■|   every furveyor or infpector (hall have accefs to take copies of or
     extracts from, under the like powers as in other cafes; and ia every cafe where, the furveyor or infpector (hall not object to fuch declaration within forty days, or fuch further time as the 1 commidioners, on julV caufe, (hall allow to him to make fuch u objection, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners to grant t- fuch exemption or allowances, as the cafe may require, in the manner herein-after directed, without altering the afi'dTment; t    but in cafe the furveyor or infpector (hall object thereto in
i    writing, fuggefting that’ he hath yeafon to believe that the
     income of fuch perfon is not truly declared therein in any par-r ticuiar or particulars, or not conformable to the affeflment or afledments thereupon, then and in fuch cafe, unlefs the major part of the commiflioners prefent at the time of taking fuch objection into conlideration (hall fee caufe to difallow luch objections, the merits of fuch claim (hall be heard upon appeal,
1 (object to fuch rules, regulations, and penalties, as other appeals under this act are directed to be heard and determined.
        CLXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Claim to be That every fuch claim (hall be made to the commiflioners of the made where diftrict where the claimant (hall refide; and if fuch claimant (hall be out of Great Britain^ an affidavit, dating the feveraj refidents to matters required by this adl, taken before any perfon having claim by authority to adminiuer an oath in the place where fuch claim- affidavit, ant (hall refide, in any matter relating to any part of the publick revenue of Great Britain, may be received by the refpective commidioners for executing this act, in relation to the afl'eflmcnt on which fuch claim (hall be founded.
     v CL.XXXV. And be it further enadted. That every perfon Pcrfbns claim., claiming fuch exemption or allowance in refpedl of any deduc- ing abate-tions to which fuch perfons may be liable, out of any annual ™cnts l.° payment from which deductions are herein authorized to be declaration made, which (hall be payable to fuch claimant, (hall, within the fpecifying the like period and in like manner as aforefaid, deliver or caufe to amount of be delivered to the commidioners in the diftrict where fuch payments, perfon (hall refide, a further declaration of his or her intention to make fuch claim; and every fuch laft-mentioned declaration (hall fpecify the annual amount of every fuch payment, and the name or names of the perfon or perfons by whom the fame is payable, which laft mentioned claim (hall be proceeded upon in like manner as is before directed j provided that no fuch laft-
mentioned
    906 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1805.
                 mentioned claim fhall be allowed, unlefs the claimant (hall produce to the faid commifiioners, being duly fummoned by them for that purpofe, the deed, inftrument, or fecurity under which fuch payment as aforefaid (hall be to be made, or (hall otherwife prove to the fatisfaction of the faid commifiioners, that the fame is due and payable by virtue of a charge, referv-Commiflion- ation, dr contract, as herein-after mentioned ; and in cafe any certificate*of          mentioned claim (hall be  allowed as aforefaid, the
    exemption or commifiiohers acting for fuch diftrict or department (hall grant abatement; to fuch claimant a certificate, to be made out in fuch form as and feparate may be directed under the authority of this act; and in every forife^^te Ca^e w^ere claimant fhall derive his or her income, for amountsilue wh*ch fuch exemption or allowance is made, from annual pay-from .different ments from different perfons, a feparate certificate, in the form fources. before prescribed, (hall be delivered for each of fuch feparate payments, in a due proportion to the amount of each payment refpectively, in order that each fuch certificate may be Separately Perfons guilty applied as herein directed; and if any perfon or perfons fhall of fraud in be guilty of any fraud or contrivance in making fuch claim, or making jn obtaining any fuch exemption or allowance, or fhall fraudu-obtaining cer- lcn,ty conceal or untruly declare any income or amount of tificate.to income, or fhall make a fecond claim for the fame caufe, he, forfeit a cl.fhe, or they fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, and treble the duty chargeable in refpect of all the fources of income of fuch perfon or perfons, and as if fuch claim had not been allowed.
    Jn claims for CLXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, allowancefor That where the claim (hall be confined to the allowance for com/may be children maintained at the expence of the claimant, it (hall be Rated in one deemed a fufficient compliance with the directions of this act, fum.         if the income (hall be Hated in one fum, without fpecifying the
                 particular fources from whence fuch income fhall have arifen or fhall arife, unlefs the commifiioners fhall be diffatisfied with the amount fo ftated, and fhall require the fame to be proved; in which cafe they fliall proceed as in other cafes of claims to allowances under this act.
    Exemptions     CLXXXVII. And        be it further enafled. That the ex-
    and allow- emptions and allowances granted under the authority of this byCfolfuwing act» f^all grantec^ according to the following rules, and as rules.       the fame are applicable to the cafe in queftion; which rules
                 fhall be deemed a part of thjs a<51, as if the fame had been enabled herein under a fpccial enactment.
    How granted Firft.—In all cafes where claims fhall be preferred on the ground on income      cf the amount of     income, or for children, and fhall be
    in^the^ arifa  made in refpeft of   the charge on property or profits of the
    of refidtnee.  claimants fituate or arifing wholly in the fame parifh or
                   place where the claimant fhall refide, the commifiioners fhall caufe an entry thereof to be made in their books, with the names of the claimants, and the amounts of their refpeftive incomes, as proved, and the amount of the fums allowed to each claimant, diftinguifhing the allowances on the ground :                                                            of
  
    1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 907
      of income from the allowances for children; and whenever all fuch claims (hall have been determined, they (hall fign    ■
      one fchedule of all fuch allowances, with reference to the particular afleffments from which fuch allowances are to be taken, and deliver the fame to the collector or collectors of the pari(h or place where fuch claimants are charged, without altering the alTcfTment, which fchedule (hall be received by fuch collector or collectors as ca(h.
    Second.—In all cafes where any fuch claim as aforefaid (hall How granted be made in refpeCt of the charge on property or profits of the ^if
      claimants fituate or arifing in different parifhes or places in fcre'nf parifhes the fame diftriCt, and by the fame commilfioners, or partly in the fame on fuch property or profits, and partly in refpect of anydiliriftj annual payment arifing out of property or profits charged upon any perfon or perfons other than the claimant, and the afleflment on fuch claimant in any one parilh or place in the diftriCt where fuch claim (hall be made, (hall be fufficient to anfwer the amount of the allowance made to fuch claimant, it (hall be lawful for the commiflioners to allow the whole fum in fuch one pari(h or place, and to proceed therein, as in the firft rule, as if the whole property or profits of the claimant had arifen in fuch one pari(h or place; and where one fuch alfefTment (hall not be fufficient, they (hall apportion the allowance between two or more fuch afTeffments, in fuch manner as they (hall think fit, without regard to the proportion in which fuch property or profits in each fuch parilh or place (hall have been afleffed, and fo as to give relief to the party in the mod convenient manner, and (hall make their entries of difcharge in the books of the refpe<5live parifhes accordingly; and where fuch claim (hall or in different be made in refpeCt of the charge on property or profits of the diftridts. claimant fituate or arifing in different parifhes or places fituate in different diftriCts of commiflioners, then the commiflioners by whom the claim (hall have been allowed, (hall grant a certificate for fuch part of the allowance as (hall be to be made out of that diftriCt where the claim was fo allowed; all which certificates (hall be delivered to the collectors of the refpeCtive parifhes where the a(fe(Tments to which fuch certificates relate (hall have been made; and the collector or collectors (hall receive fuch certificates as ca(h, and (hall aCt in all refpeCts as if the amount of the allowance in each pari(h or place had been in proportion to the afleflT-ment therein; and (hall be returned to the commiflioners of the fame diftriCt in the manner directed by the feventh rule herein-after fet forth, in order that the faid commilfioners may enter the fame in their books in difcharge of the fums fo certified, and as if the fame allowances had been granted by them in the manner dire^ed in other cafes falling within the faid firft and fecond rules.
    Third.—In all cafes where any fuch claim as aforefaid (hall bear|fCJ made in refpeCt of any annual payment, arifing out of property froin annuai
                                                          or /
        Co gle
 \
908 Annoregni quadragefimoquintoCJEORGii III. c. 49. [1805.
 payments from property charged on others, which cannot be Satisfied by an airefltnent on the party, a certificate to be granted.
Certificates to be delivered to the party making the payment)
and by him to the collector.
  or profits charged upon any perfon or perfons other than the claimant, either wholly or in part, and which cannot be fatis— fied out of any afieflTrocms made on the claimant according to the fecond rule, a certificate, figned by the commiffioners granting the allowance, (hall in each cafe be delivered to fuch claimant in refpcCfc of fuch annual payment, fpecifying the amount of income of the claimant, the amount of fuch annual payment, and by whom payable, and the amount of the allowance in re(pe£t of fuch annua] payment, which (hall in every cafe be the fum by which the duty of one (hilling on every twenty (hillings of fuch annual payment, is dimini(hed by fuch allowance.
Fourth.—Every certificate granted according to the third rule, (hall be delivered to the perion from whom the annual payment mentioned therein (hall be payable at the time of fuch payment, and (hall be an authority to'the claimant to demand the amount of fuch allowance, together with the refidue of fuch annual payment, without further deduction thereout than fuch fums, if any, as (ball after fuch allowance remain chargeable in refpeCt of fuch annual payment.
Fifth.-—Every certificate granted under the third rule, and delivered to the perfon mentioned therein as liable to fuch annual payment, (hall be transferred to the collector or collectors of the pari(h or place where fuch perfon (ball refide, by indorfe-ment under the hand of fuch perfon, and (hall be received from
 Certificates to operate by Satisfying the afieffment unpaid, or to entitle the bearer to repayment.
 Certificates to be delivered to eommiflion-ers by collector, who (hall receive a Schedule of discharge.
   fuch perfon by fuch collector as ca(h, on account of the perfon indorling the fame.
Sixth.—Every certificate granted untjer the authority of this aCt, and delivered to any collector or collectors as aforelaid, either by the commifiioners or the perfon named therein, (hall be applied in diftharge or fatisfaCtion of fo much of tire duty charged on and then payable by the perfon delivering the (atne, or on whole account the allowance was granted; and in cafe the afleflmeQts on Arch perfons (hall have been fully paid and Satisfied before the delivery of fuch certificates, or iu cafe fuch aflefiment (hall be infufficient, or no fuch afiefiment (hall have been made on fuch perfons in the pariih where fuch certificates (hall be delivered, the faid collector or collectors (hall pay, to the perfons on whofe account fuch certificates were granted, or by whom the fame was transferred by inderfement, the amount of the allowances granted thereby, or fo much thereof as lhall be neceflary.
Seventh.—Every certificate transferred to any collector or collectors by indorsement, (hall be numbered progrcfiively by him or them, and, before the accounts for that.year (ball be clofed, (hall be delivered to tbe clerk of the commifiioners of the diftriCt by the refpeCtive collectors, taking the clerk's receipt for the fame; who (hall enter the fame in a book to be provided for that purpofe in their order as numbered pro-greffively; and the faid commifiioners (hall caufe a fchedule thereof to be carefully prepared for each pariih or place in
                                                                                                              their
Go gle
1805.1 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 909
    their diftridt, which (hall be figned by them, and delivered to the receiver-general in difcharge of fo much of the aflefiments in fuch pari ft) es or places refpe&ively; all which fchedules, made and figned under the authority of this a<2, (hall be allowed in the accounts of the rcfpedtive receivers-general.
    CLXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled. Exemption in That where the income returned (hall be under fixty pounds, and relP*& ofjn* fhall arife as herein-after deferibed, the exemption in refpedt £°yie8 undcr thereof (ball be granted according to the following rules; which rules (hall be deemed a part of this a<5t as if the fame had been enabled herein under a fpecial enactment.
 Whenever the afleflor or afteftors of any parifli or place (hall have Manner of received any declaration of claim to an exemption, wherein cxen’Pt'''? ,n* the income (hall wholly arife from profits within the feme foMjy'pari/h pari(h or place, as lefs than fixty pounds per , he or they mquifitlons. (hall forthwith deliver the fame, if in         to the church-
    wardens and overfeers of the poor or one of them, and if in Scotland^ to one of the elders of the faid pariih or place; and fuch churchwarden or overfeer of the poor and elder re-fpedlively, (hall forthwith call a veftry or meeting of the principal inhabitants of fuch pari(h or place, to inquire into the truth of fuch declarations on their oaths (which oaths the faid churchwarden or overfeer of the poor and elder refpefHvely is hereby authorised and required to adminifter to any number of fuch veftry or inhabitants, not in any cafe exceeding feven) diligently to inquire and make true prefentments of the amount of income of the refpe£tive claimants to the beft of their judgement and belief; and the faid churchwarden or overfeer of the poor and elder refpe<Siively may examine fuch claimants, and may require the attendance of any competent perfons to give evidence, and may examine fuch perfons touching the income of fuch claimants, and after fuch inquiry the jury (hall afeertain by their verdidt, or the verdi# of the major part of them, the full and juft amount of the annual profits and gains of every fuch claimant; and in and by their verdidt in writing under their hands (hall return the fcveral amounts to the affeftor or afteftors aforefaid, as alfb the feveral amounts of any intereft or other annual payment to which fuch claimants are liable, who (hall deliver the fame to the refpedive com-iniflioners for general purpofes of the fame diftrict: provided always, that the faid commiffioners, before the allowance of fuch claims, (hall examine the afteffor or afteftors, who (hall refpedUvely attend the commiffioners for that purpofe at fuch time and place as they (hall appoint, touching the inquiry and return fo made ; and if the faid commiffioners (hall be fatisfied with the returns fo made, they (hall caufe the eftimates to be entered in their books as returned in fuch verdidt, and make an arfeftment thereon at the rate preferibed in the faid recited duties and this a&, and afterwards grant fuch exemptions or allowances as they may grant under the authority of this adt, on the amount of each performs income returned in fuch
                                                         verdidl;
     Co gle
9io Anno regni quadragefitno quinfo Georgii III. c. 49. [i8o£.
 Commifiion-ers to felc& Seven in large parifltes to make the inquifition.
Joint tenants, &c. may Severally claim abatements;
except farms in one demife, or not in exclufive pofleflion;
and except
Deeping
partners.
 Claims may be made by agents or truftees on account of others.
Claims to abatements to be verified on oath if required.
   verdift; but in cafe the faid commiflioners (hall be diflatisfied with any return by fuch verdift, they lhall hear and determine the merits of fuch claim as an appeal, of which the party (hall have due notice: And whenever the veftry, or fubftantial inhabitants of any pari(h or place, (hall be fo numerous as to require the feleftion of feven perfons to be fummoned to the meeting for the purpofe of fuch inquiry as aforefaid, fuch feleftion (hall be made at the diferetion of the commiflioners for general purpofes afting for the diftrift where fuch pariih or place is fituate, and the expediency of fuch feleftion (hall be determined by them in every cafe, of which they (hall give notice to the officiating minifterj and none other of the veftry, or of the inhabitants of fuch parith or place, (hall be fworn upon fuch inquiry.
   CLXXXIX. And be it further enafted, That coparceners, joint tenants, or tenants in common of the profits of any property whatever, and any tenants of mefluages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or- heritages, being in the aftual. occupation thereof in partnerlhip, and entitled to the profits thereof in (hares, and any partners carrying on trade, or exercifing any profeflion together, and entitled to the profits thereof in mates, may feverally claim fuch exemptions or abatements, according to their refpeftive (hares and interefts; and fuch claims being duly proved to the fatisfaftion of the commiflioners to whom the fame are made, may be proceeded upon as in the cafes of feveral interefts: provided always, that the profits fo arifing (hall not in any cafe be charged feparately to the duty in refpeft of tha occupation of lands fo as to diminifh the rate chargeable on the whole of the profits of lands comprifed in one and the fame demife ; nor where lands (hall be let without relinquifhing the pofleflion by the leflor; or where the leflee (hall not be exclufively in the pofleflion and occupation of the lands folet: provided alfo, that the profits arifing from any trade or profeflion carried on in part-nerfhip, (hall not be charged feparately fo as to diminifh the rate chargeable thereon, on occafion of the claim of any partner therein, other than the oflenfible afting partners in fuch trade or profeflion.
   CXC. And be it further enafted, That any fuch claim or appeal maybe made by any attorney, agent, or faftor,'on account of others, in any cafe where fatisfaftory proof (hall be made before the commiflioners, that the party claiming fuch exemption or abatement is unable to attend in perfon; or fuch claim may be made by the feveral perfons afting in any of the charafters herein-before deferibed, in -fuch manner as they may aft for others, for the purpofe of being aflefled on their account in the firft inftance, as herein-before direfted.
   CXCI. And be it further enafted. That in every cafe of a claim of abatement as aforefaid, if the commiflioners tor general purpofes (hall think proper to require a verification of the declaration to be fo delivered as aforefaid, or of the ftatement delivered by the party, or therein contained, or any part thereof,
                                               .          they
Digitize
Go gle
 iSo5*] Annoregni quadragefimoquinto GeoroiiIII. c.49.                   911
 they (hall give notice thereof to the perfon or perfons claiming
 fuch abatement to appear before them, to verify fuch declaration
 or ftatement; and every perfon to whom fuch notice (halJ be
 given {hall, and he and (he is hereby reqaired to appear before
 the faid commiflioners, and on oath or folemn affirmation, to be
 adminiftered by one or more of the faid commiffioners, to verify
 the contents of his or her declaration or ftatement; and which
 oath or affirmation (hall be, that the contents of fuch declaration
 are true, to the beft of his or her judgement or belief; and which
 oath or affirmation (hall be figned and fubferibed, with the proper
 name of the party taking the fame: provided fuch perfon (hall
 be at liberty to amend fuch declaration or ftatement, or any part         #
 thereof, before he or (he (hall be required to take fuch oath or
 affirmation as aforefaid.                         -      ,
   CXCII. And be it further enaded, That upon all annuities, Charging with yearly intereft of money, or other annual payments, whether duty all an-fuch payments (hall be payable within or out of Great         ,      Q^erwhe
 either as a charge on any property of the perfon or perfons pay- charged, and ing the fame, or as a refervation thereout, or as a perfonal debt providing for or obligation by virtue of any contrad, or whether the fame (hall the payment be received and payable half-yearly, or at any (horter or more          ****
 diftant periods, there (hall be charged for every twenty (hillings deduction, of the annual amount thereof the fum of one (hilling, without dedudion, according to, and under and fubjed to the provifions by which the duty in fchedule (D.) may be charged; provided, that in every cafe where the fame (hall be payable out of profits or gains charged by virtue of this ad, no afTefTment (hall be made upon the perfon entitled to fuch annuity, intereft, or other annual payment, but the whole of fuch profits or gains (hall be charged with duty on the perfon liable to fuch annual payment, without diftinguilhing fuch annual payment, and the peefon fo liable to make fuch annual payment, whether'out of the profits or gains charged with duty, or out of any annual payment liable to deduction, or from which a dedudion hath been made, (hall be authorized to dedud out of-fitch annual payment at the rate of one (hilling for every twenty (hillings of the amount thereof, except where the party to whom the payment is to be made fhall produce a certificate of exemption or abatement, as herein-before is mentioned, authorizing a dedudion at a lower rate, or exempting the payment on fuch dedudion; and the perfon or perfons to whom fuch payments are to be made, as are liable to dedudion,
 {hall allow fuch dedudion accordingly upon the receipt of the refidue of fuch money; and the perfon charged to the faid duties, or being liable to or having made fuch dedudion, (lull be acquitted and dilclurged of fo much money as fuch dedudion (hall amount unto, a$ if the amount thereof had adually been paid unto the perfon or perfons to whom fuch payment (hall have been due and payable; but in every cafe where any annual payment as aforefaid (lull, by reafon of the fame being charged on any property or fecurity in      Ireland, or in the plantations, or in
 any other of his Majefty’s dominions, or on any foreign property
or
PUBLIC LI
 912 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.49. [1805;
             or foreign fecurity, or otherwife, be received or receiveabie without any fuch deduction as aforefaid ; or where any fuch payment (hall be made from profits or gains not charged by this aft, or where any intereft of money (hall not be referred, or charged or payable for the period of one year, then and in every fuch cafe there (hall be charged upon fuch intereft, annuity, of other annual payment as aforefaid, the duty before mentioned, according to and under and fubjeft to the feveral and refpeftive provisions by which the duty in fchedule (D.) may be charged, and according to the rules in the cafe applicable thereto.
               CXC1II. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon fhali refufe to allow any deduftion authorized to be made by this aft out of any rent or other annual payment mentioned in the ninth
 Penalty on perfon s not allowing de du&ions for
 Deductions on payment of intereft of money and other payments from profits charged under
 annuities and and tenth rules of fchedule (A.) or out of any annuity, yearly intereft. intereft of money, or other annual payment mentioned in the preceding claufe, according to the direftions of this aft, or (hall accept any rent, annuity, yearly intereft of money, or other annual payment aforefaid, without fuch deduftion being made, every fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, and (hall be liable to be charged for fuch payment at treble the rate of duty contained in this aft.
   CXCIV. And be it further enafted, That whenever it (hall be proved to the fatisfaftion of the faid refpeftive corrrmiflioners, afting for the purpofes of this aft in the diftrift where any perfon making the application (hall refide,- that any intereft of money, annuity, or other annual payment, (hall be annually paid out of the profits and gains, bond fide accounted for and charged by fchedule (D.) virtue of this aft, at the rate and according to the rules fpecified to be made in fchedule (D.) without any deduftion on' account thereof, it by virtue of a ft^u i,e lawful for fuch comrmifioners to grant a certificate from the com- thereof, under their hands or the hands of any two of them, in miffioners. fuch form as (hall be direfted tinder the authority of this aft, which certificate (hall entitle the perfon fo aflefled, upon payment of fuch intereft, annuity, allowance, or ftipend, to'abate and deduft fo much thereof as a like rate on fuch intereft, annuity, allowance, or ftipend, would amount unto; and all perfons to whom fuch intereft, annuity, allowance, or ftipend (hall be paid, (hall allow fuch deduftions and payments upon receipt of the reftduc of fuch intereft, annuity, allowance, or ftipend j and the perfon or perfons paying the fame (hall be acquitted and dif-charged of fo much money as a like rate thereon would amount unto, as if the fame had aftually been paid unto the perfon or perfons to whom fuch intereft, annuity, allowance, or ftipend, (hall have been due and payable; provided no fuch certificate (hall be required where fuch payments are to be made out of the profits or gains arifing from lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, as before mentioned, or of any office or employment of profit, or out of any annuity, penfion, ftipend, or any dividend or (hare in fuch publick annuities as are herein mentioned, but fuch deduftions may be made without having obtained fuch certificate.
                                                                                                         CXCV. And

  I*
  i
  i
  4
ft
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. c.49. 913
   CXCV. And be it further enacted. That it lhall be lawful for Commiflion-the refpeftive commiflioners, or any two or more of them, exe- rrsto iflue cuting this aft in relation to the aforefaid duties, or any of rJTV£,nta them, and they are hereby refpectively required, for the diftrifts 0 co c l0Q* for which they aft, within one calendar month after the firft day of hearing appeals, all appeals then made being firft determined, to iflue out and deliver to the refpeftive colleftors duplicates of the aforefaid duties, charged at the refpeftive rates mentioned in the refpeftive fchedules herein recited, without alteration on account of any exemption or allowance made or to be made therefrom, together with their warrants, as directed by the faid recited afts refpeftively, for the fpeedy and effectually levying and collecting the faid duties as the fame (hall become payable, by quarterly or half-yearly inftalments,in the refpeftive parts of Great Britain as herein direfted, diffinguifhing the amount charged on each of the faid recited fchedules; and fuch part thereof as cannot be levied and collefted according to the powers of this aft, in the parifh or place where the fame are charged, lhall be recoverable as a debt upon record to the King’s majefty, his heirs and succeflors, with full coffs of fuit, and all charges attending the fame; and when fo recovered, the faid duties (hall be paid to the receiver-general, in aid of the parifti or place anfwerable for the fame.
   CXCVI. And be it further enacted, That the parifh or place Parifti to be in which-any afleflment (hall have been made, or lhall be made, an'weraMcfor of the aforefaid duties, lhall be anfwerable for the amount of the co‘ on‘ duties which lhall fo have been or be charged in fuch parifh or place, and for the faid duties being duly demanded of the refpeftive perfons charged therewith, according to the regulations contained in the faid recited afts refpeftively, by the colleftor or colleftors appointed for fuch parifh or place, and alfo for fuch colleftor or colleftors duly paying the fums by him or them received to the receiver general of the faid duties, according to fuch regulations.
   CXCVIi. And be it further enafted. That any of the arrears Arrears to be of the faid duties ariftng from the default as aforefaid, or by the ie-a,ltM*ed* failure of any colleftor, for which any parifh or place as aforefaid lhall be anfwerable, lhall be aflefled within or upon fuch parifh or place as foon after fuch default fhall be difcovered as conveniently can be done, and fhall be charged on the amount of the afleflment which fhall be made for the fame duties in the year commencing from the fifth day of preceding the time of making fuch re-afleflment, by duly apportioning the amount of fuch arrear amongft the feveral perfons aflefled in that year, in the affeflment of the fame duties on which fuch arrear fhall have accrued, according to the amount of each perfon’s afleflment therein, as nearly as the cafe will admit, and by the like rules, methods, and direftions, by which the original aflefTment was made, to be railed and levied in fuch manner as any afleflment may be by virtue of this aft raifed and levied, under the regulations of the faid recited afts refpeftively.
   Vol. XLV.                  3 N            CXCVIII.    And
   Go
f'ORK BUB
 9T4
 fums to be paid not lefs than the amount of two inftal-
 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto GpoRoil III. c.49. [1805.
 Commiflion- CXCVIII. And be it further enaAed, That if it (hall happen crs to adjuft that this act cannot be executed previous to the time appointed times of pay. for the payment of the firft or any fubfequent inftal men t of the appointed6 k'd laft-mentioned duties, or within the year of afleflment, it days are (hall be lawful for the commiflioners for general purpofes, who elapfed, and (hall have made or allowed any afleflment after the period appointed for any fuch payment, which they are hereby declared to be competent to do whenever the fame (hall be neceflary, to fettle and adjuft at what time and in what proportions the in-ftalment or inftalments of which the time or times for payment iments on each (ha|| thcn have eJapfa^ (hall be paid, in fuch manner as to them (hall appear juft and reafonable, regard being had to the number of days appointed for the payment of inftalments then to come (if any) in the year of making the afleflment; provided, that on or before every quarterly day of payment as herein mentioned, after the making fuch afleftment, in the fame or any fubfequent year, the fa id commiflioners (hall direct at leaft the amount of two quarterly payments to be made, until all arrears, either for that or any former or fubfequent year, (hall have been completed.
 Affeflments to CXCIX. And be it further ena<fted, That every afTeflment, be for one to be made under this act within the year appointed for making ]>e*fou?m- kme>                     dcemed t0 he  for  the current year, and (hall
 Italments? he in force for fuch year; and every afleftment made after the expiration of any year in which the fame ought to have been made, through the default of any perfon, (hall be deemed to be for the whole of the year current when the afleftment ought to have been made, and fuch year (hall commence from the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five, for the firft afleftment, and for every fubfequent afleftment during the continuance of this act, from the fifth day of April in fuch year; and the faid duties which (hall be charged in                         ,       , and
                              Berwick-upon-Tweed,except where the fame (hall be detained and flopped at the respective offices, (hall be payable by four quarterly inftalments, at the times following;               , on  or
               before the twentieth day of June for the firft quarterly inftal-ment; on or before the twentieth day of                    , for the
               Second quarterly inftalment; on or before the twentieth day of December, for the third quarterly inftalment; and on or before the twentieth day of March, for the laft quarterly inftalment, in each year ; and in Scotland, the faid duties (hall be payable by two half-yearly inftalments}            , on or before the twentieth
   day of September, for the firft half-yearly inftalment ; and on or before the twentieth day of              ,for the laft half-yearly
   inftalment; the payment thereof for the firft year’s afleftment to be regulated, as to the proportion of the fums and times of fchedulc (C.) payment, by the refpc&ive commiflioners, purfuant to the direc-whichareto tions herein-before contained : provided always, that in refped ^carl^at the         ^ut'es  contained in fchedule (C.) the duties thereon (hall
 time the divi- Py^le half-yearly, and at fuch times as the dividends, in dends are xefpcA whereof they (hall be charged, are payable, payable.                                                                   CC.   And
 Except the duties contained in

1
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 915
   CC. And be it further enabled. That if any perfon or perfons Notices to be fhall come into any parifh or place wherein fuch perfon or given from perfons fhall not have been before charged to the faid laft-lime t,me mentioned duties, contained in any of the faid fchedules, for the ^bohavenot faid year, the affeffor or afleflbrs, or colle&or or collectors, or any been before infpe&or or furveyor, (hall give or leave notice in writing, to or charged, for every fuch perfon fo refiding within the limits for which fuch afleffors, collectors, infpe&ors, or furveyors, refpe&ively adt, to make out and deliver within fourteen days next enfuing the day of giving fuch notice, a declaration in writing, figned by him or her with his or her own proper name, which (hall fpecify the name of the parifh or place, county or counties, wherein fuch perfons (hall have been afTefTed as aforefaid for fuch year, and alfo to produce the certificate of fuch afleflinent, or.in default thereof, to deliver a ftatement for the purpofe of being aflefled in fuch parifh or place; and if any fuch perfon as afore- Perfons com-faid (hall negleCt or refufe to make out and fign, and deliver }nS ^fide fuch declaration or ftatement as aforefaid, within the time ™ before-mentioned, or (hall make any falfe or untrue return being left therein in any particular thereof, every fuch perfon (hall, for every with them, to fuch offence, forfeit and pay a fum not exceeding twenty pounds ; declare where and when in any cafe it (hall not appear in the afleflinent of any ^ itate-parifh or place for that year, that any perfon or perfons refiding ment for the or being therein, (hall have been afTefTed to the faid duties in purpofe of the fame parifh or place, then and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful be'0* aflefled, to the refpedlive commiffioners ailing for the faid diftridl, and they are hereby required to proceed in manner before directed y to aflefs fuch perfons to the faid feveral duties, or either of them, in like manner in every refpeCt as if fuch perfon had been re-fident in fuch parifh or place at the time of the publication of notices as directed by this ail, unlefs fuch perfon fhall prove to their fatisfadlion, that he or fhe hath been duly charged in fome other parifh or place, and hath paid or fatisfied the duties fo charged; and if any perfon or perfons, before or after notice Removing out given to return a ftatement as aforefaid, fhall remove out of fuch of a pariili or parifh or place without returning fuch ftatement, or before an afleflinent (hall be made on him, her, or them, with intent to jng theWcli-evade an afleflinent; or if any pefon or perfons being afTefTed to ment, or not the faid duties, (hall remove out of the parifh or place where he, leaving i'uffi-(he, or they fhall have been aflefled to the fait duties, without to'f^fythe firft paying or difcharging all the faid dqties charged upon him, a^rear, to ' her, or them, which (hall then be due and payable, or without forfeit 20I. leaving in fuch parifh or place fufficient goods and chattels whereon the faid duties in arrear may be raifed and levied, and the fame fhall remain in arrear and unpaid for the fpace of twenty days after the time appointed by this aCl for payment thereof; every fuch perfon fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay (over and above the faid duties fo left unpaid as aforefaid) the fum of twenty pounds ; and in every fuch cafe, and alfo Arrear to be in every cafe where any perfon or perfons fhall refide, in any trel^in'the1 *” other parifh or place than the parifh or place where the charge where
                               3 N a                   (hall the party (hall
                                                             
UBl
91$ AnnoregniquadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c.49. [1805.
refide, and if Aiall be made on him, her, or them, in purfuance of this a&, and fufficient the fame (hall be certified to the commifGoners for the affairs of effects cannot taxes to be in arrear and unfatisfied, in .the whole or in part, deficiency to fhall he lawful for the faid commiffioners for the affairs of be recover- taxes, to certify to the commifTioners of the diftri£l within able as a debt which fuch perfon or perfons fhall refide, the whole amount of of record. tjie afiefiment made upon fuch perfon or perfons; and fuch laft-mentioned commiffioners fhall thereupon iffue a warrant of diftrefs for the recovery of the whole duty that fhall then have been affefTed on fuch perfon or perfons, together with the cofts
Commiffion-ers to fettle differences between landlord and tenant, or perfons to whom any in-terelt, rent, charge, or other annual payment (hall be made.
              and charges attending the fame ; and if goods or chattels cannot be found whereon fuch diftrefs can be fully made, then and in every fuch cafe the whole of fuch arrear of duty, and cofts and charges as aforefaid, or fuch part thereof as cannot be levied and collected by diftrefs as aforefaid, fhall be recoverable as a debt upon record to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, together with all cofts and charges attending the fame.
                 CCI. And be it further enadled. That if any difference fhall arife between tenant and landlord, or any other perfon or perfons to whom any intereft, rent, rent charge, annuity, fee farm rent, rent fervice, quit rent, feu duty, or other rent or annual payment, fhall be payable, touching the Aims to be deduced thereout on account of the duties hereby charged having been paid, or between the occupier for the time heing and any former occupier of any mefluages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afCgns, touching the proportion of duty to be paid or allowed by either party, the refpe&ive commiffioners for general pur-pofes, or any two or more of them in their feveral diftricts, fhall have authority, and they are hereby required to fettle the proportions of fuch payments and deductions as fhall be according to the directions of this aCt; and the judgement and determination of fuch commiffioners (hall be final.
 Contracts between landlord and tenants, or other perfonS, not to be binding contrary to this aCt.
                CCII. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That no contract, covenant, or agreement between landlord and tenant, or any other perfons, touching the payment of taxes and afTefT ments to be charged on their refpeCtive premifes, fhall be deemed or conftrued to extend to the duties by this act charged thereon, nor to be binding contrary to the intent and meaning of this act, but that all fuch duties fhall be charged upon and paid by the refpective occupiers, fubject to fuch deductions and repayments as are by this act authorifed and allowed; and all fuch deductions and repayments fhall be made and allowed accordingly, notwithftanding fuch contracts, covenants,
Penalty on or agreements.
perfonsfrau- CCIII. And be it further enaCled, That if any perfon who dulently ought to be charged by virtue of this ad, fhall, by fraudulently refidence or^ changing, or having changed his or her place of refidence, or by converting fraudulently converting, or having converted his or her property, property, or or any part thereof, or by fraudulently releafing, afligning, or faife ftatf conveying, or having fraudulently releafed, affigned, or con-roents.                                                                 ve>'cd
Go gle
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 917
 veyed the fame, or any part thereof, or by making and delivering any fuch ftatement or fchedulc as aforefaid which fhall be falfe or fraudulent, or having any property chargeable as laft aforefaid, fhall fraudulently convert or (hall have fraudulently converted the fame or any part thereof, by altering or having altered any fecurity with relation to fuch property, or by fraudulently rendering or having rendered the fame, or any part thereof, temporarily unproductive, in order that fuch perlon may not be charged for the fame or any part thereof, or by any falfehood, wilful neglect, fraud, covin, art, or contrivance whatfoever, already ufed or prailifed, or to be ufed or prailifed, (hall not be charged and afleffed according to the true intent and meaning of this ail, every fuch perfon (hall, on proof thereof before any two or more of the faid refpeblive commiflioners for general purpofes aCting for the diftriCt wherein fuch perfon (hall be chargeable, be charged and afleffed double the amount of the' charge which ought to have been made on fuch perfon (if no fuch charge (hall have been made); and if any fuch charge (hall have been made, which (hall be lefs than the charge which ought to have been made on fuch perfon, then fuch perfon (hall be afleffed and charged over and above fuch former charge double the amount of the difference between the fum with which fuch perfon (hall have been charged, and the fum with which he or (he ought to have been charged, • to be added to fuch , affeffment and applied as in other cafes as aforefaid.     ,
   CCIV. And be it further enabled, That if by any error, an Commiffion-affeffment or any part thereof (hall be made under this ail upon ers ailing in the profits or gains arifing from any property, or from any office or employment of profit which (hall have been otherwife charged fchedule (D.) under this ail, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners ailing may reitify for general purpofes in relation to the duties contained in fchedule afleflments (D.) on due proof thereof to their fatisfailion, to caufe fuch whcn ma^f. afleflments, on fuch p^rt thereof as (hall be fo doubly aflefled, to which^lhali ^ be vacated ; and which proof (hall be either by a certificate of the have been affeffment made on fuch property, or on fuch office or employ- otherwife ment, under the hands of two or more of the commiflioners by ^fsr|^un£^er whom fuch laft-mentioned affeffment (hall have been made, and 1 ls a • that the fame is included in fuch laft-mentioned affeffment, or by other lawful evidence given on thofe fails on the oath or oaths of any credible witnefs or witneffes: and whenever fuch commif-fioners (hall certify to the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, that fuch double affeffment hath been made, and is not vacated, and that payment hath been made of both afleflments, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, to order and direil the rcceivers-general who (hall have received the fums fo doubly afleffed, to repay the fame to the party, which order (hall be an authority to fuch receiver-general to repay the fame, and fuch repayment (hall be allowed in his accounts.
   CC V. And be it further ena&ed, That in the computation of What deduty to be made under this ail in any of the cafes before-men-tioned, either by the party making the fame, or by the refpeitive on making the
                                                                                             commiflioners, eitimates.**
    
 Parents and
 guardians liable for infants, and executors for
918 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgh III. c. 49. [1805.
              commiffioners, it {hall not be lawful to make any other deduo tions therefrom than fuch as are exprefsly enumerated in this a£t, nor to make any dedu&ion which by any of the rules contained in the faid fchedules or in this a£t, are diredled not to be allowed or made, nor to make any deduction on account of any annual intereft, annuity, or other annual payments, to be paid to any perfon or perfons out of any profits or gains chargeable by this a£t, except the intereft of debts due to foreigners not refident in Great Britain, in regard that a proportionate part of the .duty fo to be charged is allowed to be deduced on making fuch payments; nor to make any dedu&ion from the profits or gains arifing from any property herein defcribed, nor from any office or employment of profit, on account of diminution of capital employed, or of lofs fuftained in any trade, manufacture, adventure, or concern.
  CCVI. And be it further enabled. That where any perfon or perlbns, chargeable with the duties hereby made payable as aforefaid, {hall be under the age of twenty-one years, or where any perfons fo chargeable (hall die, in every fuch cafe the parents, perfons dying, guardians, or tutors of fuch infants refpe&ively, upon default of payment by fuch infants, and the executors and adminiftrators of the perfons fo dying, {hall be and are hereby made liable to and charged with the payments which the faid infants ought to have made, or the perfons fo dying were chargeable with; and if fuch parents, guardians, or tutors, or fuch executors or admi* niftrators, {hall ncgleft or refufe to pay as aforefaid, it fha.ll be lawful to proceed againft them in like manner as againft any other perfon or perfons making default of payment of the faid duties ; and all parents, guardians, or tutors, making payment as aforefaid, (hall be allowed all and every fum and fums paid for ' fuch infants, in his, her, or their accounts; and all executors and adminiftrators {hall be allowed to dedu£t all fuch payments out of the aflets of the perfons fo dying.
  WfeTvidence6 CCVII. And be it further enabled, That if any perfon upon or bearing** any ("uch examination on oath or affirmation, or in any affidavit,
........... depofition, or affirmation authorifed by this a<St, (hall w ilfully and
corruptly give falfe evidence, or {hall wilfully and corruptly (wear or affirm any matter or thing which (hall be falfe or untrue^ every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly convi&ed, {hall be and is hereby declared to be fubje<5t and liable to fuch pains and penalties, as by any law now in being perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubjeCt and liable to.
  CCVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That any indictment or information for perjury committed in any fuch affidavit, depofition, or affirmation as aforefaid, whether the fame (hall be taken or made within Great Britain or without, (hall and may be laid, tried, and determined in the county where fuch affidavit, depo-lition, or affirmation, (hall be exhibited to the commiffioners in purfuance of this aCt. pelfon*niguflt^ CC1X. And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or of foiging or Per^ons (hall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or caufc or procure to
                                                                                                                 be
 falfely, liable to ths penalties of per-jury.
 Indittments may be tried in the county where the affidavit was exhibited.
 
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 919
 be forged* counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully aft altering certi-or aflift in forging, counterfeiting, or altering any certificate or r<*ript8°!jiven certificates of the faid commiflioners, afting in the execution ofunder this this aft, authorifing or purporting to authorife any allowance, ad. abatement, or exemption under this aft, or the receipt of any fum or Turns contained in any certificate or certificates of the faid commiflioners, after the fame fhall have been delivered by the faid commiflioners,, or any certificate or receipt which the cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of England, or any receiver-general or his deputy, are or is by this aft authorifed to give on the receipt of any money payable under this aft, or fhall utter any fitch forged, counterfeited, or altered certificate, or any fuch receipt, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefTors, or any body or bodies politick or corporate, or any perfon whotnfoever, then and in every fuch cafe all and every perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convifted, fhall be adjadged guilty of felony, and fhall be tranfported for the term of fourteen years.
    CCX. And be it further enafted, That if upon the trial of Prefcribing any indiftment, information, aftion, fuit, or profecution whatfo- ^ bereceived ever, or in any proceedings relative thereto, under and by virtue jn COUrt, or of this and the faid recited aft, any queftion fhall arife whether perfons being any perfon be a commiflioner or officer of or for the faid duties, commiflioners or commiffioned or appointed to aft as fuch, then and in every °r °®cer,» fuch cafe, proof may be made and admitted, that fuch perfon was reputed to be or had afted as fuch commiflioner or officer, or afted under fuch commiffion or appointment at the time and times refpeftively, when the matter or matters in controverfy upon fuch trial or trials, or other proceedings, fhall happen to have been done or committed, or omitted to have been done or performed, without producing or proving the particular com-million, appointment, nomination, or other authority, whereby fuch commiflioner or officer was conftituted and appointed ; and that in every fuch cafe fuch proof (hall be deemed and taken by all judges, juftices, or commiflioners, before whom any fuch trial or proceedings fhall be had, to be good and legal evidence, unlefs by other evidence the contrary fhall be made to appear; any law or ufage to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.
    CCX I. And whereas his Majejlj's fubjefts reftding out of Great Britain,     and otherj, maybe                        defirous of voluntarily contri
 the purpofes of this ail; be it further enafted. That it fhall be Voluntary lawful for any perfon or perfons, body corporate or politick, and contributions at any time or times during the continuance of this aft, to pay ^'t theBan'k^ or caufe to be paid to the faid governor or company, or to their cafhier or cafhiers, or other perfon or perfons to be authorifed by them, any fum or Aims of money as and for a voluntary contribution, for the purpofe of carrying on the war, and in fuch cafe to require a certificate or certificates for the fame, acknowledging the payment of fuch voluntary contribution; which fums to be paid as aforefaid, for which fuch certificates fhall be required, fhall be deemed and taken to be voluntary contributions
                                            of
                                              Original from PUBLIC LIE
Go gle
 920
 an account with the treafury.
 Power to re* turn money erroneoufly paid.
                                                     Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii IIT. c. 49. [1805.
  of fuch perfons, body politick or corporate refpe&ively, towards effecting the purpofes of this and the (aid recited a&, and (hall be applied as the other monies paid into the bank of England by virtue of this a& may be applied.
Bank to open CCXII, And be it further enabled, That the governors and directors of the bank of England fhall open an account in their books with the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, for each year during the continuance of this a£t, under the title of The comm of the treafury on account of contributions granted and allowed by parliament for the year
                                          and fhall carry to the credit of fuch account all the monies authorifed by this a& to be paid to the governor and company of the faid bank of          , or to their
              cafhier or cafhiers, or other perfon or perfons to be authorifed by them, within each fuch year, during the continuance of this a£h
                CCXIII. And be it further ena&ed. That where any perfon or perfons fhall have paid, or fhall hereafter pay into the bank of England, or to any receiver-general, any fum or4ums of money on account of the duties herein recited, and-it fhall be proved, to the fatisfadfion of the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, that fuch fum or fums, or any part thereof, was fb paid by miftake, and is not included in any aflefltnent or charge made of the faid duties, and that the fame, according to the true intent and meaning of this adt, ought to be repaid, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners for the affairs.of taxes, or any three or more of them, to certify the fame to the cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of Engla>dt and to fuch receiver or receivers-general refpedlively; and the certificate of the faid commiflioners for the affairs of taxes fhall be an authority to fuch cafhier or cafhiers to repay fuch fum* of money to or for the party who fhall have fo paid the fame, and fhall be a difeharge" to fuch cafhiers and receivers-general refpedlively, for fuch repayment.
  CCXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any allow-«rt!fyallow- ance mentioned in Number V. Schedule (A.) fhall be granted ancesgranted by the commiflioners for fpecia! purpofes to be appointed under by them to the authority of this adl, it fhall be lawful for fuch commifsion-the receiver- ers> or any two or more of them, »o Jfccrtify the fame to the receiver-general of the county or place, where the property in refpcdl of which fuch allows fhall have been granted is fituate, and the certificate of fuch commifsioners fhall be an authority to every fuch receiver-general to pay the amount fo certified to the party entitled thereunto, and fhall be a difeharge to fuch receiver-general for fuch payment.
  CCX V. And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for any perfon or perfons, at any time or tinges during the continuance of this a<5t charged to or liable to the payment of any of the duties hy this a£t granted, to pay or caufe to be paid to the faid duties into the governor and company, or to their cafhier or cafhiers, or other Bank.        perfon or perfons to be authorifed by them, any  fum or fums of
              money on account of fuch duties, and to require a certificate of
                                                                                                                     fuch
 Special com-miflioners to
 general for payment.
 Voluntary contributions may be paid at the time of ptying the
Co ^lc
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.             921
 fuch payments; and all Turns To paid, not exceeding the amount of fuch duties, (hall be deemed and taken to be on account of fuch duties, and in advance of the fame ; and the excefs of the Turns paid above the amount of the faid duties (hall be deemed and taken to be voluntary contributions towards the purpofes of this and the faid recited adt; and the certificates to be given upon the faid payments fhall, upon delivery thereof to the refpedlive commifsioners, or at their office, bean acquittance and difeharge for fo much and fuch parts of the faid duties as the perfon delivering the fame (ball indorfe thereon.
   CCXVI. And be it further enadted, That upon the payment One certifi-of any fuch fum of money as aforefaid into the faid bank of cate> °‘ fj!Pa" land, thecalhier or cafhiers, or other perfon receiving the fame, catt^hall' be fhall give fuch certificates as aforefaid, figned by them refpec- given at the tively, for the whole of the Turns fo paid, or feparate certificates, Bank as rein like form, for fuch portions thereof as (hall be required, qu*red. which certificates (hall feverally be cut off indentwife from the counter cheques thereof, which counter cheques are to remain with the faid governor and company; and every fuch certificate fhall be denominated in the body thereof to be on account of payments made into the faid bank, in difeharge of the duties afleffed by virtue of this adl, the excefs of the faid duties being to be confidered as a voluntary contribution.
   CCXVII. And be it further enadted, That upon the delivery On delivery of any fuch certificate as lad aforefaid to the faid commiffioners, of certificates or at the.ir office, in difeharge of the whole of the faid duties miffioners'the affeffed or charged upon the perfon or perfons delivering or cier|< to give caufing to be delivered fuch certificate, or any part thereof, the a receipt, faid commiffioners, or their clerk, (half, if required, indorfe in which fliall be writing on the back of the certificate to be given by them or dut*°r him in fuch cafe, the amount of the number of inftalments of the faid duties to be difeharged by fuch payments, which receipts of the faid commiffioners or their clerks as aforefaid (hall be received, without further proof, as evidence of fuch payments in all courts and places, and before all perfons whatever.
   CCXVIII. And be it further enadted, That the monies which Monies paid (hall by virtue of this adt be received by any deputy or deputies to deputy to any receiver-general, or by any collector or collcdtors to be colh-do^o appointed as aforefaid, (hall be paid under the regulations of the be pud to re-faid recited acts refpedtively, to the receiver-general appointed or ceivers-gene-to be appointed by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, and at•r<d* fuch times and in fuch manner as is directed by the faid recited acts refpedtively. '
   CCXIX. And be it further enadted, That all monies (lopped Monies ftop-at the receipt of the exchequer in purfuance of this adt, fhall be {^ccipVof paid over to the proper officer in the faid receipt, to be applied exchequerand to fuch fervices as the other monies paid into the faid receipt may paid at the be applied; and the calhier or cafhiers of the faid bank of Eng- Ba.nk to be land (hall from time to time pay into the receipt of his Majefty’s p”oper° exchequer, all fuch monies as (nail be paid into the faid Bank in officer in the purfuance of this adt, within one week after fuch payment (hall Exchequer.
                                                             be
NEW Y
Go gle
                                                                          JBl
                                           92* Anno regniquadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c.49. [1805.
                                                       be made, for which payment no fee (hall be demanded or taken
              at the faid receipt of the exchequer.
  Allowances to CCXX. And be it further enafted, That every colleftor (hall coHc&Ln* have three-pence in the pound for what money of the feveral duties aforefaid he (hall pay to the receiver-general, his deputy or deputies; and that for the careful writing and tranfcribing the faid afiefl’ments, warrants, eftreats, and duplicates in due time, and for the due, fpeedy, and eifeftually executing all matters and things directed to be performed under the faid commiflioners, the clerk of the refpeftive commiflioners who (hall perform the fame within the refpeftive times limited by this aft, (hall, by warrant under the hands of two or more of the commifsioners, have and receive from the refpeftive receivers-general, their deputy or deputies, three halfpence in the pound of all fuch monies of the faid feveral duties as (hall be aflefled in or by virtue of fuch warrants or certificates, who is hereby appointed and allowed to pay the fame accordingly, provided this aft be carried into execution in due time, and in an effeftual manner, for the diftrift in which he (hall be appointed the clerk, and all warrants or eftreats to be made, and the duplicates to be delivered to the receiver-general, and into the office of the King’s remembrancer as aforefaid, within the times limited by this aft, and not otherwife; and no perfon, except the afliftant or afliftants to fuch clerk (if any) (hall, under any pretence whatever, be entitled to any part of the reward hereby given to fuch clerk, which compenfations (hall be apportioned and fettled by the refpeftive commifsioners; nor (hall fuch clerk, under any pretence whatever, demand, take, or receive any fee, gratuity, or perquifite, for any matter or thing to be done by him, by virtue and under the authority of this aft, from any perfon or perfons other than the receiver-general, his deputy or deputies, in manner aforefaid: provided always, that no fuch compenfation (hall be made to any colleftor in refpeft of any fum or fums detained or (lopped under the authority of this aft. Or paid into the bank of               , or in
              refpeft thereof, or in refpeft of any fums paid by the refpeftive parties into the faid bank, nor to any receiver; other than fuch fum or fums as (hall be direfted to be paid to fuch colleftors or .receivers, by the warrant of three or more of the commifsioners of the treafury, or the high-treafurer for the time being, for their pains and care in executing this aft.
  Payment of CCXXI. And be it further enafted, That the payment confer "a*t0 any          duties made payable by this aft, by any perfon
  fettlement. °r perfons in any pari(h or place, (hall not entitle the perfon or perfons fo paying fuch duties, to a fettlement in fuch pari(h or place.
  Recovery of CCXXII. And be it further enafted. That all pecuniary pe-penaltits. nalties and forfeitures impofed by this aft, (hall and may be fued for, recovered, and applied, in fuch manner and form as is direfted by the faid recited afts refpeftively, in regard to the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures thereby impofed.
                                                                                                   CCXXIII. And
                                                                Go glc
                                                         • /
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii IIL c. 49. 923
    CCXXIII. And be it further enafted, That all monies arifing Moniesarifmg by the faid refpeftive duties and contributions (the neceflary h^idtato*0 charges of raifing and accounting for the fame excepted) (hall theEx-from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s ex- chequer, chequer at IVeJlminJler, diftinftly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues, and that there {hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer, a book or books in which all the monies arifing from the faid duties and contributions, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, {hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, upon any account whatever; and the faid monies fo paid into the faid receipt fhall from time to.time, as the fame (hall be paid into the faid receipt, be ifTued and applied to fuch fervices as {hall then have been voted by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in the prefent feffion of parliament, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred and five, or {hall be voted by the faid commons for the fervice of any fubfequent year; and the cotnmiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high-treafurer for the time being, are oris hereby authorifed and empowered to iftiie and apply the fame accordingly: provided Commiflion-always, that out of the monies from time to time arifen or to of t^e arife of or for the faid duties made payable by this aft, it fhall be lawful to and for the faid commiflloners of the Treafury, or any anCe for fur. three or more of them, now or for the time being, or the high- ve) ors and treafurer for the time being, to fettle and appoint fuch falaries other officer* and allowances for the fervice, pains, and labour of the furveyors, thePexecurion infpeftors, and other officers to be employed in the execution of of the aft,and this aft, and otherwife in relation thereto, and alfo to difeharge to difeharge fuch incident charges and expences as {hall neceflarily attend incidental ex-the execution of this aft, as the faid cotnmiffioners of the treafury, Pence6, or any three or more of them, or the high-treafurer for the time being, (hall think fit and reafonable in that behalf.
    CCXXIV. And be it further enafted, That no letters-patent No perfon to granted by his Majefty or any of his royal progenitors, or to be be exempt by granted by his Majefty to any perfon or perfons, cities, boroughs, htteis-pateut. or towns corporate, within this realm, of any manner of liberties, privileges, or exemptions from fubfidies, tolls, taxes, afteftments, or aids, {hall be conftrued or taken to exempt any perfon or perfons, city, borough, or town corporate, or any of the inhabitants of the fame, from the burden and charges of any of the faid duties, and all non objlatitet in fuch letters-patent made or to be made in bar of this aft, are hereby declared to be void and of none effeft; any fuch letters patent, grants, or charters, or any claufe of non obJlantey or other matter or thing therein contained, or any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.
    CCXXV. And be it further enafted, That every proviiion in Provifions ap» this aft contained, and applied to the duty in any particular fche- Pl>ed to any dule, which (hall alfo be applicable to the duty in any other fcheduleniay fchedule, and not repugnant to the provifions for charging, extead to J
                                                    afeertaining,
     Co gle.
924 Annoregni quadragefimoquintoGeorgii III. c.49. [1805. another fche- ascertaining, or levying the duty in fuch other fchedule, (hall in hj1'the Jut^" c^ar8'n?» ascertaining, and levying the fame, be applied as fully 8 e ut5r* and effeftually as if the application thereof had been fo exprefsly and particularly dire&ed; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithlUnding.
Schedule*(FO CCXXVI. And be it further enabled, That the fchedule to be deemed herein-after mentioned, marked (F.) (hall be deemed a part of p^rt of this this as if t|,e famc had been inferted herein, under a fpecial enactment; provided that the Several oaths therein mentioned (hall be deemed and underftood and taken to refer only to the duties contained in Schedules (C ) or (D.) and to fuch other duties as are diretSted to be charged under the fame provifions and regulations.
                                         SCHEDULE (F.)
  -    ,                    1                    t
              Form of the Oath or Affirmation to be taken by the Com-miflioners for the Purpofes of this A<£1, and by additional Commiffioners a&ingin the Execution thereof, in refpe& of the Ddties contained in Schedule (D.)
 Osth to be taken by eom-miflioners for purpofe6 of the aft, and additional commiffioners a fling in re-fpeft of the duties contained in fchedule (D.)
           * T A. B. do Swear or affirm [a cafe may he]. That I will JL truly, faithfully, impartially, and hor.eftly, according to the beft of my Skill and knowledge, execute the powers and authorities verted in me by an adl, paffed in the forty-fifth year of his prefent Majefly, intituled, [here feforth the title of this aft], and that I will exercife the powers entrufted to me by the faid adl, in fuch manner only as fhall appear to me neceflary for the due execution of the fame ; and that I will judge and determine upon all matters and things which (hall be brought before me under the faid a£t, without favour, affedlion, or malice; and that I will not difclofe any particular contained in any Schedule, ftatement, or declaration, delivered with refpeil to any duties charged under the provifions and regulations relating to Schedule (C.) or (D.) as recited in the faid a£t, or any evidence or aufwer given by any perfon who (hall be examined, or (hall make affidavit, depolition, or affirmation, refpedling the fame, in purfuance of the (aid a6t, excepting in fuch cafes, and to fuch perfons only who (hall be Sworn to the due execution of this afl, and where it (hall be neceffary to difclofe the Same for the purpofes of this a&, or to the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, or in order to or in the courfe of a profecution for perjury committed in fuch examination, affidavit, depofition, or affirmation.*
So help me GOD.*
 \.
                             Form of Oath or Affirmation to be taken by Infpe&ors and Surveyors as aforefaid.
 Form of oath * T A. B.do Swear 6r affirm, That in the execution of an a&, to be taken X intituled, [here fet forth the title of this aft], I will examine
 by infpeftors and revife all ftatements, Schedules, and declarations delivered
 and fuiveyois.                                                                 withia
MEW
Go gle
 •  1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 925
     within my diftrift; and in objefting to the fame, I will aft according to the beft of my information and knowledge, and that I will conduft myfelf without favour or affeftion, or malice; and that I will exercife the powers entrufted to me by the faid aft in fuch manner only as (hall appear to me to be neceffary for the f <Hie execution of the fame, or as I (hall.be direfted by the com-3 miffioners for the affairs of taxes, or any three or more of them, and that I will not difclofe any particular contained in any ftate-ment, declaration, or fchedule, with refpeft to any duties charged :   under the proviftons and regulations relating to fchedules (C.)
 :  or (D.) or any evidence or anfwer given by any perfon who (hall
 1 be examined, or (hall make affidavit, depofition, or affirmation refpefting the fame, in purfuance of the faid aft, except in fuch cafes, and to fuch perfons only who (hall be fworn to the due execution of this aft, and where it (hall be neceffary to difclofe the fame for the purpofes of the faid aft, or to the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, or in order to or in the courfe of a profe-aj cut ion for perjury committed in fuch examination, affidavit, de-1:  pofition, or affirmation.
                                          So help me GOD.’
 \
 j
 *
 ,
 1
          Form of Oath or Affirmation to be taken by Affeffors as
                                  aforefaid.                             *
     ‘ T A. B. do fwear or affirm. That in the execution of an aft, Oath to be
       X intituled. An ail [here fet forth the title of this [ will in taken by af-all refpefts aft diligently and honeftly, and without favour or k“orss affeftion, to the beft of my knowledge and belief; and thatj will not difclofe any particular contained in any ftatement or fchedule delivered to me in the execution of the faid aft, except in fuch cafes only, and to fuch perfons where it (hall be neceffary to difclofe the fame for the purpofes of the faid aft, or in order to or in the courfe of a profecution for perjury committed in any matter relating to fuch ftatement or fchedule.
                                              So help me GOD.’
          Form of Oath or Affirmation to be taken by the Colleftors, or the Deputies to the Receivers-General appointed under this Aft as aforefaid.
     * T A. B. do fwear or affirm. That in the execution of an aft, Oath to be X intituled. An ail [here fet forth the title of this j, I will not ja^en j0*'
     difclofe any affeffment, or the amount of any fum paid or to be [L: deputies paid by any individual under the faid aft, or the books of affeff- to receivers-ment which (hall be delivered to me in the execution of the faid general, aft, with refpeft to any duties charged under the proviftons and regulations relating to fchedules (C.) or (D.) except in fuch cafes, and to fuch perfons only who (hall be fworn to the due execution of the faid aft, and where it (hall be neceffary to difclofe the fame for the purpofes of the faid aft, or to the commiffioners
                                                                   \
Go gkv
NEW YORK PU
                                     926 Annorcgni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii IlT.c. 49* [1805.
              for the affairs of taxes, or in order to or in the courfe of a profer cation for petjury committed in fuch examination or affidavit.
                                                                                  So help me GOD.*
                  Form of Oath or Affirmation to be taken by a Clerk or Clerk’s Afliftant to the Commiffioners as aforefaid.
 Oath to be taken by the clerk or clerk’s af-fiftajit.
                 * T A. B.do fwear or affirm. That I will diligently and faithfully
                   X execute the office of a clerk or afliftant clerk, [ cafe be] according to an aft, palled in the forty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft [  forth the title    of
                 this   a£i], to the beft of my knowledge and judgement; and that
                 I will not difclofe any particular contained in any ftatemenr, declaration, or fchedule, or any evidence or anfwer given by any pcrfon who (hall be examined, or (hall make affidavit, deposition, or affirmation, refpefting the fame, (except in fuch cafes where I (hall be directed fo to do by the regulations of the faid aft, or any two or more of the commiflioners under whom I aft, or in order to and in the courfe of a profecution for perjury committed on fuch examination, affidavit, depofition, or affirmation.
                                                                                                 So help me GOD.*
    Schedule (G.) CCXXVII. And be it further enafted, That the fchedule in cxecuthi,ed mar^e<* (G*) with rules and direftions therein contained, in theCa!uU making returns of the amount of annual value or profits on which any duty is chargeable by the faid recited aft and this aft, fo far as the fame are refpeftively applicable to the cafe of each perfon, corporation, company, or fociety, defcribed or mentioned in this aft, on the behalf of themfelves, and alfo of others for whom ,         they aft in any of the charafters defcribed in this aft, or herein-
               after mentioned, (hall be obferved by each fuch perfon, corporation, company, or fociety, or by his, her, or their agents or officers, in the cafes where fuch agents or officers are authorised to make fuch returns.
                                 SCHEDULE (G.)
                     I.—By every occupier of lands, tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, throughout Great          , to be charged
                         under fchedules (A.) and (B.) or either of them.
                  A ftatement of the annual value of all lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or heritages, occupied in the parifh of eftitnating feparatcly fuch as are occupied as owner or tenant; and alfo fuch as are held under different landlords; and alfo fuch as are chargeable by the rent or annual value, or on the amount of profits ; and alfo eftimating feparately the rent or annual value chargeable in refpeft of the property, and the amount chargeable in refpeft of the occupation; videlic, Lands and tenements occupied as owners:
                  Lands and tenements let at rack-rent within feven years: Lands and tenements let before the period of feven years:
                                                                                                             The
  
     1805.3 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c.49.               927
       The amount of the compofition, rent, or annual payment, paid in the preceding year to the re£tor or vicar, or other perfon, for tithes of the above lands and tenements:
       The amount of each dedu&ion claimed in refpedl thereof.
         II.  —By every redtor, vicar, or other perfon receiving any
              tithes in kind, or any payments in lieu of any tithes, not being tithes from lands; and on all teinds, in Scotland,' to be charged under fchedule (A.)
       The amount of the profits arifing therefrom, on an average of three years.
         III.  —By every perfon, corporation, or company, carrying
               on any concern herein-after mentioned, or their agents or officers, in the cafes authorifed to be charged under fchedule (A).
       The amount of profits from quarries of ftone, flate, limeftone, or chalk:
     . Of iron works, fait fprings or works, alum mines or works, water works, rtreams of water, canals, inland navigations, docks, fifhings rights of markets and fairs, tolls, ways, bridges, and ferries, in the preceding year:
       Of mines of coal, tin, lead, copper, mundic, iron, and other mines, on an average of five years.'
         IV.   —By every lord or lady of a manor or other royalty, or
               tenant of the fame.
       The amount of all dues and other fervices, or other cafual profits (except rents and annual payments of fuch manors or royalties) on an average of feven years.
         V.    —By the receiver of any fine paid in confideration of a
               demife of lands or tenements (except cuftomary) to be charged under fchedule (A.)
       The amount of fuch fines in the preceding year.
         VI.   —By every perfon entitled to profits arifing from lands,
                 tenements, hereditaments, or heritages, not ftated as before, to be charged under fchedule (A.)
       The amount on a fair average, to be allowed by the refpe&ive commiffioners.
         VII.   —By or on the behalf of every perfon entitled to any %
                 dividend, or fhare of any annuity, payable out of the revenue, except corporate (locks of thoBank, South Sea, or Eafl India Companies, or at the Exchequer, to be charged under fchedule (C.)
       A ftatement of the following particulars, except where the duty (hall be paid into the bank of England:
       Firft.—The description of the capital (lock, and the amount of fuch (lock:
       Second.—The amount of the dividends receivable on each ftock half-yearly:
       Third.—The name or names in which each ftock is inverted:
                                                         Fourth.—
NE\i
                                                              
                                             928 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1805.
                      Fourth.—A declaration whether the charge is to be made half-yearly or yearly:
                      Fifths—In cafe a truflce or other perfon, in whofe names any flock is vefted, (hall not receive the fame, a declaration of the name and refidence of the perfon or perfons receiving the fame (hall be a fufficient return:     >
                      Sixth.—In cafe the duty (hall be paid into the bank of     ,
                    and the particulars before-mentioned be delivered at the office for that purpofe, a notice of fuch intention to pay the fame into the bank of England lhall be a fufficient return.
                        VIII.   —By or for every perfon carrying on any trade, ma-
                                nufacture, adventure, or concern, in the nature of trade, ro be charged under fchedule (D.)
                      The amount of the balance of the profits thereof, upon a fair and juft average of three years, or for fuch fhorter period as the concern has been carried on.
                        IX.     —By every perfon exercifing any profeffion, employ-
                              ment, or vocation, to be charged under fchedule (D.)
                      The amount of the balance of the profits, gains, and emoluments thereof within the preceding year.
                        X.    —By every perfon entitled to profits of an uncertain
                              value, not before ftated, to be charged under fchedule
                              (E>.)
                      The full amount of the profits or gains ariling therefrom within the preceding year.
                        XI.   —By every perfon receiving, in Great       , intereft
                              from fecurities out of Great       ,   to be charged
                             ' under fchedule (D.)
                      The full amount that has been received or will be received, as far as the fame can be computed, in the current year.
                        XII.   —By every perfon receiving, in Great      , profits
                                from profeffions out of Great         , to be charged
                              - under fchedule (D.)
                      The full amount annually received therefrom, either by remittances or importatiop of property, or money or value from property not imported, or on credit, or on accounts in refpe&of remittances, property, or value, on an average of the three preceding years.
                        XIII.   —By every perfon entitled to any annual profits, not
                                falling under any of the foregoing rules, and not •                         charged by  any of the other fchedules, to be charged
                                under fchedule (D.)
                      The full amount thereof received annually, or according to the average dire&ed to be taken by the commiflioners on a ftate-ment of the nature of fuch profits, and the grounds on which the amount has been computed, and the average taken, to the beft of tfie party’s knowledge and belief.
                                                                                                    XIV.—Declarations
   Go
I
 !
 I
 »
 n
 .1
 i
 »
 :
 i
:
i|
1
i
\
r
f
*
P
f
l
     1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49.
         XIV.—Declarations to be delivered in refpedt of the duty to be charged under fchedule (D.)
       Fird.—Declaration by the precedent adting partner, or by the agent, if none of the partners are refident in Great , of the
     names of the feveral partners, their rcfpedtive refidences, and the place of carrying on the trade or concern, or cxercifing the pro-feflion, and the ftyle or defcription of the firm :
       Second.—Declaration by any partner, not being the precedent adting partner, of his being aflefled with the firm, defcribing the fame, and the place where the return of the precedent partner was made:
       Third.—-Declaration which may be made by each partner de-firous of being and entitled to be feparatcly aflefled, defcribing the firm, and his or her proportion of the profits.
         X V.—Statement of profits of any office not chargeable by commiflioners fpecially appointed in the department where the office is held.
       The amount of the falary, fees, wages, perquifites, and profits of office in th'e preceding year, or on an average of three years, as the cafe (hall require:
       The like ftatement to be delivered to the commiflioners appointed in the department, if required.
         XVI.   —General declaration by each perfon returning a ftate-. ment of profits under fchedules (A.), (B.), (C.),
                (D.), or (E.),
       Declaring the truth thereof, and that the fame is fully dated on every defcription of property or profits included in the adt relating to the (aid duties, and appertaining to the party, efti-mated to the bed of his judgement and belief, according to the directions and rules of this adt.
         XVII.   —Lid and declaration for facilitating the execution of the adt in relation to the duties chargeable on others.
       Firfl.—Lid containing the name of every lodger or inmate in any dwelliog-houfe, with the ordinary place of refidence of fuch lodger or inmate, if he (hall have an ordinary place of refidence elfewhere at which he is defirous of being aflefled :
       Second.—Lid of every perfon in the fervice or employ of any mafier or miftrefs, whether refident in his or her dwelling-houfe or not, and the place of refidence of thofe not refiding with the tnader or midrefs:
       Third.—Lid to be delivered by every trudee, agent, receiver, guardian, tutor, curator, or committee, of the name and place of refidence of the perfon or perfons for whom they adt in fuch character, defcribing them, and the names of them who are joined in trud:
       Fourth.—Declaration on whom the duty is chargeable in re-fpedt of fuch trud:
       Fifth.—Lid containing the proper defcription of every corporation, company, fraternity, fellowfliip, fociety, or trud, for which any perfon is anfwerable as treafurer, auditor, or receiver:
       Vol. XLV.                 3 O                      Where
                                                     E.   -or<
929.
930 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1805.
              Where any perfon before defcribed is anfwerable for the duty to be charged in refpeft of the property or profits of others, fuch lids as aforefaid (hall be delivered, together with the required ftatements of fuch profits.
 \
Commirtlon-ers of taxes to difperfe proper forms, &c. for executing this aft.
Additional duty on amount of afleflments lhall be charged under the regulations of this aft.
Certificates for allowance in refpeft of children.
     XVIII.—Lifts, declarations and ftatements of difcharge, or in order to obtain exemptions, abatements, or allowances..
   Firft.—Declaration of the amount of value of property or profits returned, or for which the claimant hath been aftefted :
   Second.—Declaration of the amount of rents, intereft, annuities, or other annual payments, for which the party is liable to allow and deduft the duty; with the names of the fefpeftive perfons by whom fuch payments are to be made; diftinguilhing the amount of each payment:
   Third.—declaration of the amount of intereft, annuities, or other annual payments, to be made out of the property or profits aftefted on the claimant ; diftinguifhing each fource:
   Fourth.—Statementof the amount of income derived according to the three preceding declarations :
   Fifth.—Declaration of the whole number of children of the claimant maintained at his or her expence.
   CCXXVIII. And be it further enafted, That the commif-ftoners for the affairs of taxes (hall caufe proper forms to be made out and difperfed, for returning all fuch matters and things as are required to be returned by this aft, containing the lifts, declarations, an^, ftatements mentioned in fchedule (G.), with proper references and fchemes for including fuch returns, and all fuch other lifts, declarations, and ftatements, and all other matters and things as are required by this aft, and which may be neceffary to be made out in the due execution of this aft, in fuch manner and form as (hall appear to them to be mod expedient.
   CCXXIX. And be it further enafted, That the additional duty granted by an aft of the prefent felfion of parliament on the amount of affeflrnents to be charged on the profits arifing from property, profe(fions, trades, and offices, (hall be charged, levied, and accounted for under the regulations of this aft; and all and every the powers, authorities, methods, rules, direftions, penalties, forfeitures, claufcs, matters, and things, contained in this aft, applicable to the faid additional duties, (hall be (everally and refpeftively duly obferved, praftifed, and put irt execution, with reference to the faid additional duties, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame powers, authorities, methods, rules, direftions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things herein contained, were exprefsly applied to the faid additional duties.
   CCXXX. And be it further enafted, That whenever any certificate (hall be granted authorifing any allowance in refpeft of income or for children, the following forms (hall be obferved, mutatii mutantis, and the fuins allowed (hall be inferted therein in words at length.
Go gle
Property
 %
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii 111. c. 49. 931
                                Property Acts, Year 180 .
                CERTIFICATE of ALLOWANCE in refpeft of ASSESSMENTS made on the Claimant out of the Diftricl. '
   On the          day of
           •Ml. In *   .
                                                                                             180 the other part hereof was delivered
                                                     v <4* r*r%-
 to          of
 authoriling the following allowances from aft'efT-ments, viz.
 Income - £.
                 co      co    
               u      k        
               458    V 0      
                      -O rj    
                      *3       
Allowance on ) £. u   £• Jm d* 
    income - >                 
   Ditto for >                 
  children - y               1 
         Total • .1 -          
   ^Y the commiflioners a£ling for the of                    in the county of
   Thefe are to certify, that           of
the parilh of              hath proved  to
our fatisfa&ion, that the whole of income, eftimated according to an a<5l palled on the          day of          in
the forty-fifth year of his prefent Majefly’s reign, in relation to the contributions granted to his Majefty on the profit* anting from property, profeflions, trades, and offices, by two adls of the forty third and forty-rfifth years of the reign of his faid Majefty, doth not exceed the fum of and that he is entitled to the
 To the commiftioners of
                                        CO 
                                       u • 
                                  18   0 0 
                                       *T3 
                                        SO 
In refpeftof an afleflment in the £■ s     
parifti of in the county of       •        
fituate out of our diftritt,               
on the ground of income, the               
fums of                                    
                              . *          
In refpett of the fame afleflment          
for children above two            ; 1      
maintained by at                           
own expence, the fums of -                 
Amounting altogether to the             •  
fums of -                                  
                                   For which feveral amounts, and no more, this certificate thall be a fufficient authority.
                                   Given under our » hands this day of >comjnifl»oners.
                             ^ 180                   3
      •                    fO    To the commiflioners of
                                    FORM of INDORSEMENT thereon.
   THIS certificate, on delivery thereof to the colle&or of the pari("h of where the within-named party is aflefled, will authorife the colleftor to receive the fame, in difeharge of fo much of the afleflinent made, or if fuch aflelTment Ihall be infufficient for the purpofe, or fhall have been paid, to pay to the party, out of the monies in his, the collector's hands, of the duties granted by the a£H within-mentioned.                 302                 Property
 ■. Go gTe •                            .

 f
                932 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.49. [1805.
                                Property Acts, Year 180 .
                CERTIFICATE of ALLOWANCE in refpea of ANNUAL PAYMENTS made to the Claimant.
    On the            day of
                                                                                                   180 the other part hereof was delivered
 to           of
            *
 authorifing the following
        *
 allowances in refpe& to
 I
 annual payments, viz. Income -
                                                            Allowance on income
on |
                                                                                                                                              bitm for 7 children • >
 Total
& d
T3 V
                                                                                                                                         9
 O • tJ ©
jd* /*           dm
BY the commiffioners acting for the of                      in the county of
   Thefe are to certify, that           of
the        hath proved to our fatisfa&ion
that the whole of income, eftimated according to an a<5t, pafled on the day of           in the forty-fifth year of
his prefent Majefty’s reign, in relation to the contributions granted to his Majefty on the profits arifing from property, profefiions, trades, and offices, by two adts of the forty-third and forty-fifth years of the reign of his faid Majefty, doth not exceed the fum of and that he is entitled to the following allowances, viz.
In refpeft of an annual payment of£. payable by of on the ground of income, the fums of - -
In refpedt of the fame annua payment for children above two, maintained by at own expence, the Aims of -

Amounting together fums of
 to the
 •S8
 D°
  S
 /»• d»
                                                                                                           o
                                                                                                         5 o
                                                                                                         -o o
                                                                                                         5°
   For which feveral amounts, and no more, this certificate (hall be a fufficient authority.
                                  Given under our1 hands this day of ?■ commiffioners. 180                )
                                  FORM of INDORSEMENT thereon.
   THIS certificate, on delivery thereof to the perfon making the annual payment herein mentioned, is to be received by him indifeharge of the fum thereby allowed, and will be endorfed and delivered by him to the colle&or of the parifh where he refides, by whom it will be taken as cafb, on account of the perfon fo endorfing it, to be applied as directed by the a<5t.
                                                                                    CCXXXI. Provided
Go gle
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50.              933
   CCXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That Nothing in the nothing in this aft contained (hall be conftrued to impeach any of the provifions contained ia an aft, palled in the forty-fourth fhe proviftons year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled,         - in 44 G. 3.
 late the bonds iffued by the Eaft-India company with to the rate c- 3. relating
 of interejl+cnd the duty payable thereon.                    *° Eaft-India
   CCXXII. And be it further enabled, That this aft may be 8’ altered, amended, or repealed, by any aft or afts to be made in ^|tcl^or rec. this prefent feflion of parliament.                           pealed this
   CCXXX11I. And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall feflion. commence and take effeft from and after the fifth day of Commence-one thoufand eight hundred and.five, and, together with the re-ment and cited duties therein contained, (hall continue to be in force during ^a^nuancc the prefent war, and until the fixth day of April next after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, and no longer ; provided that all the powers and provifions of this aft (hall continue in force for completing all fuch aflelTments as ought to have been made during the continuan.ee of the (aid duties, and for levying and recovering the duties fo aflefled, and fuch arrears of duties as (hall remain unpaid at the determination of the faid duties.
                         CAP. L.
 An                                  aft for regulating licences for the fale cf , wine,
      beer, ale, and cyder, by                      retail, and for the immoderate
      ufe of fpirituous liquors in Ireland.—[June 5, 1805.]
 WHEREAS the laws now in force in Ireland, for regulating the fale of fpirituous liquors by , and for difeouraging the immoderate ufe of them, have been found , and it is expedient to repeal the                       fame, and to ena one new , with fuch
 provifions as may be neceffary; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritua! and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an aft, made in the parliament of , in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled,
 An aft for regulating the ijfuing of licences Jor the fale of , Irifli aft,
 beer,      cyder, and fpirituous liquors by reta, and for preventing the 37 G. 3.
 immoderate ufe of fpirituous liquors; and alfo feveral afts made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-eighth, thirty-ninth, and fortieth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and in the parliament of the united kingdom of Great Britain and          ,                   in
 the forty-firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for continuing and amending the faid recited aft of the thirty-feventh year; and alfo fo much of an aft, made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for making further regulations for the and fo much better colieftion and fecurity of bis Majejly's revenue of cujloms and °f 4+ G. 3. excife in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein, as relates to date’s to the the manner of granting and ifluing fuch licences, (hall, from manner Qf and after the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight granting 17-hundred and five, ceafe and determine, and (hall be and the ccnce*, refame Peaied-
Go gle
                    934 Annoregni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 50. [1805.
            fame are hereby repealed and made null and void, except fo far as may concern the profecuting, fuing for, snd recovering of any fines, penalties, or forfeitures, for any offence againft the .        faid a&s or any of them, committed before the faid twenty*
            ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and five.
              II.                  And whereat it is expedient that the power of grant:Jig licences
            for the fate offpirituous          liquors, beer, , and , by ,
                                in Ireland, Jhouldbe ve/led in the magiflrates of the
            whofe fpecial duty it is to attend to the peace of the  and to the
 Magiflrates at morals and fobriety of the people ; be it further erm&ed. That at general fef- the general feffions of the peace, which (hall be. held yearly in
 fti°i|8fin  eac^ county *n Ireland in the month of April, before any civil
 timeandplace bills Ikall proceeded upon, a time and place {hall be appointed for fpecial by the court, at which fpecial feffions of the peace are to be held in each barony or half barony of the county before the firft day of July following, for the purpofe of fixing upon perfons proper to be entrufted with the fale of fpirituous liquors* wine, beer, ale, and cyder, by retail, within fuch barony or half barony, and of ordering licences to be iffued accordingly which the juftices affembled at every fuch fpecial feffions are hereby authorifed and required to do.
    III.  And be it further enadted. That in cafe fuch fpecial feffions (ball be omitted to be fo appointed for all or any of the
 htf<T, licences baronies or half baronies in the county, or in cafe there (hall lhall be order, not be a fufficicnt attendance of juftices on the day appointed ed at general for any fucj, fpecial feffions, or in cafe no licence as aforefaid (hall be ordered to be iffued thereat for any barony or half bareny, it {hall be lawful for the juftices of the peace, and they are hereby required at the next fucceeding general feffions in July, to fix upon perfons proper to be entrufted with fuch fale within each and every fuch barouy or half barony, and to order licences to be iffued accordingly in the fame manner as juftices might have done at a fpecial feffions held within fuch barony or half barony, under the provifions of this act; and every a£f done at fuch general (effions in July {hall be as valid to all intents and purpol'es, for the execution of this a£t, as if done at a fpecial feffions held in fuch barony or half barony.
 In towns and IV. And be it further enacled. That in each county of a ^.(except town or cjty 'Dublin, and the diftrid of five miles beyond the cencesmay be c>rci,lar roa^ a”d the wall °f Phoenix Park only excepted) it ordered at fball and may be lawful for the juftices of the peace thereof at feflions either the genyal feffions either in April or ,or at both in each
 InAprjlor   year, to fix upon proper perfons to be entrufted with the fale
 ju y, or ot • fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder therein, and to order licences to be iffued accordingly, which the juftices affembled at fuch feffions are hereby authorifed and required to do.
 Particulars of V. And be it further enabled. That no licence as aforefaid names, Sc c.to (hall be ordered or iffued to any perfon, unlefs the perfon ap-be delivered plying for fuch licence (hall have delivered in writing to the tot etlerkofa(tting clerk of the peace his chriftian and furname, and place
                                                                                                       of
 feflions in each barony, to order licences.
 If fpecial fef-ficns is not fo appointed or
 feflions in July.
 
r
t
I
I
I
 i:
 i
 I
 I
 1
 ►
 I
 I
 I
  1805.] Anno reghi qfiadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.50. 935
  of abode, fpecifying the houfe, town or townland, parifh, the peace by barony or half barony, and if in the county of a town or city,              ^
  the road, ftreet, fquare, lane, or other defcription of place 1 cn e where fuch perfon defires to be licenfed to fell in, aitd the names and places of abode of the perfons whom fuch perlon requiring fuch licence propofes as fureties, not being diftillers or publicans.
     VI.     And be it further ena&ed, That the juftices at every Juftices fhall fuch fpecial or general feffions as aforefaid, (hall, previous to [hecharter ordering any licence as aforefaid to be iiTued, inquire, and they andfufficiency are hereby authcrifed and direded to inquire in open court, and of the party, upon oath if they (hall fee occafion, into the character of each j>nd of the perfon fo applying for a licence, whether fuch perfon be of furctiesand good fame, iober life, and orderly condud, and whether the thejr an’pro-houfe wherein fuch perfon propofes to fell fpirituous liquors, bation (hall be wine, beer, ale and cyder, by retail, is conveniently fituated for entered in the the purpofe, and capable of and convenient for the fale ofcrown book, victuals, and the accommodation of travellers or perfons retorting thereunto for food and provisions, and they (hall alto
  inquire whether the fureties propofed by each fuch perfon are good and fufficient for the fums they are to be bound in, and their approbation of any fuch perfon, and of the fureties offered, and of the place and houfe or houfes whereat fuch perfon defires to be licenfed fhall be immediately entered in open court in the crown book thereof by the ading clerk of the peace, and be figned by at lead two juftices attending at fuch feffions.
     VII. And, in order more effectually to provide for proper fituations only being felefled for the fale of fpirituous                     , beer, ale,
  and cyder, and to guard                againjl a greater number of houfes being
  licenjed than /ball be tompatible with the morals andof the
  people; be it further enaded, That it fhall be lawful for the Grand juries grand jury of each county or county of a town or city to fiz^Tfhalfde inquire into, and determine, at each fpring affixes, the number t'ermjne t{,e " of houfes which, confident with a due attention to the morals number of and fobriety of the people, it may be expedient to allow to be houfes to be licenfed to fell fpirituouS liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder bcenfed in by retail, for one year, from the twenty-ninth day of               eac aron^*
  next enfuing, within each barony or half barony of fuch county, or within fuch county of a town or city, fpecifying the town-land, town, or village, and the number of publick houfes to be allowed in each townland, or in each town or village, or within a diftrid not lefs than a mile around fuch town or village, or in each county, or the parifh or parilhes, and the number of publick houfes to be allowed in each if in a county of a town or city; and they fhall caufe fuch their determination to be delivered to the clerk of the peace, who fhall produce and read the fame aloud in open court at the general or fpccial feffions, as the cafe may be, before any order fhall be made thereat for ifluing any licence; and no order fhall be made for the iffiiing of any licence, nor fhall any licence if iffiied be valid for the fale of fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder, in any place
                                                                  not
    
                                                                                                                                                                                     I
936 Anno regni quadragefimo quintoGEORRcii III. c. 50. [1805.
 If no determination by grand jury, juftices may order li-cences at their difere-tion.
 If licences not ordered at fpecial or general fe(lion8, they may be granted by clerk of the peace, under certain re-lUiftions.
Conditions of bonds to be entered into by parties li-cenl'cd, and their fureties if ready, in open court.
               not fpecified for the purpofe in fuch determination, or in greater number than (hall be therein fpecified if fuch determination (hall have been fo made: provided always, that if no fuch determination (hall be made by the grand jury, it (hall be lawful for the juftices at any fuch feftiens as aforefaid to order fuch number of licences to be iflued, and for fuch places as in their diferetion they (hall think expedient, and compatible with the morals and fobriety of the inhabitants.
                 VIII.  And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe at any fpecial
               or general feflions as aforefaid, no order (hall be given for ifluing licences in manner herein preferibed, or in cafe no order (hall be given thereat for ifluing licences in any particular barony or half barony, it (hall and may be lawful for the cleric of the peace to iflue licences for one year, from the twenty-ninth day of September in that year, for the fate of fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder, to the fame perfons, and at and for the fame houfes or places as (hall have been licenfed in the year ending on fuch twenty-ninth day of            , provided
               fuch perfons refpe&ively, together with their fureties, or fuch other fureties as (hall be approved of by two magiftrates, (hall enter into a bond in the amount, and conditioned as is cnadted refpe&ing the bond herein-mentioned; and it (hall and may be lawful, for fuch clerk of the peace alfo to iflue a like licence to any perfon or perfons whom any two magiftrates of the county, refiding within five miles of the habitation of fuch perfons, (hall certify under their hands and feals to be a proper perfon for being entrufled with the fale of fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder, at fuch place as (hall be mentioned in fuch certificate, and on fecurity to the amount, and conditioned in like manner and approved of in ‘fuch certificate being firft entered into and delivered to him: provided always, that every fuch licence be conformable to the determination of the grand jury if any fuch (hall have been duly made.
                 IX.       And be it further enadled, That upon any order made by the juftices of the peace purfuant to this a<fl for ifluing a licence, if the perfon applying, and the fureties approved of for fuch perfon, (hall attend in court, their fecurity may be immediately taken, that of the perfon applying in the (urn of fifty pounds, and that of the fureties each in twenty-five pounds in a bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, the condition of every which bond (hall be, that the perfon to be licenfed (hall keep a victualling houfe, inn, or tavern, during the time fuch licence fhall be in force, and (hall be conftantly provided with ftrong beer, ale, or porter, and victuals of good and found quality for fale by retail, and (hall fupply all travellers who (hall require it with fuch victuals, and beer, ale, and porter, at reafonable rates, and (hall not fell fpirituous liquors to be confumed in his or her houfe or premifes on or during a Sunday, nor wine, ale, beer, porter, or cyder, on a Sunday before two of the clock in the afternoon, except to travellers, nor before funrife any morning, nor after an unreafonable hour any evening, nor to any tradefman, artificer, or labourer
                                                                                                              re for ting
  

 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo qulnto Georgii III. c. 50.                      937
 reforting to his or her houfe for the purpofe of receiving wages, or of entering into any combination, and (half not knowingly or wilfully entertain any perfons aftembling for the purpofe of entering into an unlawful aftociation or combination therein, or perfons in arms who are not by law qualified to carry the fame; and that fuch perfon fo to be licenfed refpe&ively (hall not at any time receive into his or her houfe, or permit or fuffer to be fold therein or thereout any fpirituous liquors which (hall not, to the bed of his or her knowledge and belief, have fully paid his Ma-jefty’s duties, and which (hall not have been duly and legally attended with proper permits to fuch perfon from the diftillery or ftores of a licenfed diftiller or fa&or.
    X.     Provided always, and be it enabled, That no diftiller or Diftillcrs or publican (hall be allowed to become furety, or (hall be accepted Pelicans not as fuch in any bend to be taken on the ifluing or granting any tc e uretlM* fuch licence as aforefaid ; and if any publican or diftiller (hall
 become furety, or enter into any fuch bond as furety, the licence granted in confequence thereof fhall be void and of none effe£h
    XI.     And be it further enabled. That in cafe fuchfecurity fhall Clerk of the not be entered into in open court, the fame may be entered into ^^Ci™eanyce before any magiftrate at any time before the twenth-ninth day Gn (lamps, of September next enfuing the ordering of any licence, and upon
 fuch fecurity, whether entered into in open court, or before a magiftrate, being delivered to the a&ing clerk of the peace, he (hall file the fame, and preferve it among the records of the county; and it (hall thereupon be lawful for fuch clerk of the peace, and he is hereby required, to give or caufe to be given to the perfon in whofe behalf fuch fecurity (hall have been entered into, immediately on demand a licence in the form following; that is to fay:
 “ A. B. of              is hereby  licenfed to fell fpirituous liquors, Form of
 wine, beer, ale, and cyder, by retail, at              in the parifh licence.
 [or, if the place is       extraparochial, the townfhip] of
       until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and
 Which licence (hall be of force for one year from the twenth-ninth day of September in the faid year until the twenty-ninth day of September in the year next enfuing; and every fuch licence (hall be on vellum, parchment, or paper, damped with fuch ftamp or damps as is or (hall be required by law for the fame, for the iftuing whereof, and filling up the fame, and alfo for filling up fuch bond as aforefaid, if he be required fo to do, every fuch clerk of the peace (hall be entitled to demand and receive the fum of two (hillings and fixpence Britijh currency as a fee, together with the amount of the ftamp duties on fuch bond, if he (hall have paid for and fupplied the fame before he (hall fign or deliver fuch licence ; and if fuch clerk of the peace fhall have paid for Fees, and fupplied the damped vellum, parchment, or paper for fuch licence, at the defire of the perfon applying for a licence, he (hall be entitled to demand and receive the amount of the ftamp duty
thereon.
 Pfrfons re fufed may appeal.
   f
 938 Annorcgni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 50. [1805^
             thereon, and alfo the further fum of two (hillings and fixpence like currency for his expence in procuring the fame, if (uch (lamp-duty {hall not exceed eleven pounds like currency, and'of five (hillings if fuch ftamp-duty (hall exceed eleven pounds like currency.
               XII.     And be it further enabled, That ifanyperfon (hall apply in manner herein-before directed for any order for ifluing a licence as aforefaid, and the juftices aflembled at the feflions (hall refufe to grant fuch order, or if the clerk of the peace, in cafes where no fuch order is requifite, (hall refufe to ifluc a licence to any perfon entitled under the provifions of this aft to receive the fame, and the perfon fo applying fliall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by fuch refufal, it (hall and may be lawful for every fuch perfon to appeal to the next general feflions of the peace to be held in fuch city, town, or county in Ireland; and in cafe the juftices at fuch fcilions (hall think fuch perfon proper and quali-(red to be liccnfed, and fliall approve of the fureties to be named by fuch perfon, it (hall be lawful for them to order a licence to be illiied forthwith, under the like fecurities, terms, and regulations refpedlively, as are herein-before directed.
               XIII.  And, for the better and more convenient fupplj of Jlamped
                   vellum, parchment, and paper for fuch , be it further enabled.
 For fupply of That the commiflioners for managing liis Majefty’s (lamp duties licertces^dif- *,n   Ireland cau^e a diftributor or other proper perfon to attend
 tributon (hall at every fpecial or geheral feflions whereat fuch licences may be ordered, purfuant to the provifions of this a<£t, or at fuch other convenient place or places, and at fuch rime or times as the juftices attending at fuch general or fpecial feflions (hall appoint, in writing by notice to the (aid commiflioners, or on failure of fuch notice, at fuch convenient places in each county as the laid commiflioners (hall judge proper, with a fufficient quantity of paper, vellum, or parchment, duly (lamped, for the purpofe of being delivered to any perfon who (hall require the fame, upon payment of the (lamp-duty thereon, and of two (hillings and fix-1 pence Britijh currency for the trouble of each diftributor or other perfon attending therewith, if the (lamp duty thereon does not exceed eleven pounds like currency, and of five (hillings like currency if fuch (lamp duty (hall exceed eleven pounds like currency.
               XIV.     And be it further enadled. That if any perfon fo licenfed (hall be defirous to fell fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder, in any hut, tent, or booth, or in any (Ireet, road, or open place, at any fair, and (hall apply for licence to do fo to any magiftrate of the county or county of a town or city, refident within five miles df fuch fair, it (hall be lawful for fuch magiftrate to endorfe upon his licence a liberty fo to do, with the confent of the proprietor of the tolls of fuch fair, fpecifying the day or days of the fair which fuch perfon (hall be permitted to fell at, on fuch per-fons paying to the collector of excife of the diftridt wherein fuch fair (hall be held, fuch duty as lhall be payable therefore for each fair day at which fuch perfon (hall be aulhorifed by any fuch
                                                                                                          endorsement
 attend at feflions.
 Licence may be made applicable to lling liquors at fars. •

                                                t


I
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 50.                 939
 endorfement to fell as aforefaid, and upon fuch collector certify- Colle&ors to ing fuch payment upon the foot or back of fuch licence; and a*counts every collector certifying fuch payment (hall deliver or caufe tot^reof at tj,e be delivered to the commiffioners for managing the (lamp-duties, ftamp office an account thereof at the end of each month, and (hall fend a and to the fimilar account to the clerk of the peace.                      c,erk of the
    XV.       And be it further enacted, That if any officer of hisj^^’ce8 to Majefty’s militia or regular forces commanding any encampment fell beer or of troops (hall recommend any perfon to be licenfed for the fale fpirits at en-Of either fpirituous liquors, wine, ale, beer, or cyder, or all or^ any of them, it (hall be lawful for any two magiftrates within to mouth, their jurifdi£tion to give an order for the iffiiing a licence to
 fuch perfon fo recommended to fell fuch articles as aforefaid, fpecified in fuch recommendation at fuch encampment, for one month, and to order the fame to be renewed from month to month during the continuance of fuch encampment, and no longer.
    XVI.      And be it further enabled, That every fuch licence, Stamp diffrl-or renewal thereof, (hall be iflued by a diftributor of (lamps, on butors fhall vellum, parchment, or paper, (lamped with a (lamp of the pcences^on amount of the duty payable thereon, for fupplying which hepampS|
 (hall be entitled to demand and receive a fee of one (hilling
 Britijb currency, and that a certificate of every fuch licence, and of every renewal thereof, (hall be delivered by fuch diftributor to the acting clerk of the peace within one month after the fame (hall have been iflued, and (hall be by him entered along with the licences iflued by him.
    XVII.   Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That no fuch Camp li-
 licence fo iflued on the recommendation of the commanding cences may be officer of an encampment, (hall be of force after fuch officer or      ?n
 any other commanding officer thereat (hall revoke the fame, and commanding give notice in writing of fuch revocation to either of the two officer, jaftices who figned the order for licenfing, or to the damp dif-
 tributor who (hall have iflued the licence.
    XVIII.      And be it further enabled. That every perfon Licenfed per-iicenfcd under the provifions of this adf (hall affix or caufe to be
 affixed on fome confpicuous place on the outfide of his houfe, boards with
 not more than three feet diftant from the top of the front door their names,
 thereof, and alfo on the outfide of the place at any fair where on penalty
 fuch perfon fhall be allowed to fell fpirituous liquors, wine, ^lual *°
 beer, ale, or cyder, his or her name at full length painted on a licenccsV1^ °"
 board in white letters one inch long at the lead, upon a black
 ground, or in black letters of like length upon a white ground,
 and the words “ Licenfed to fell fpirituous and other liquors by
 retail,” in letters of like fize and colour, and fhall preferve and
 keep up the fame during the time fuch perfon (hall continue to
 fell therein fpirituous or other liquors by retail, or in default
 thereof (hall forfeit a fu.m equal to the amount of the (lamp-duty
 paid or chargeable upon his or her licence fo to fell fpirituous or ~
 other liquors.
    XIX.     And be it further enabled, That no diftiller, bailiff. Certain per-
                                                                                                        gaoler, Cons declared
                                                             
UBI
 receiving licence*.
 940 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. [1805.
incapable of gaoler, turnkey, conftable, fheriff, fub-(herifl^ fheriff’s officer, peace officer, keeper of any turnpike gate, commiflioned or non-comm'Hlioned yeoman officer, officer of cuftoms or excife, nor any perfon exercifing by himfelf, or any perfon for his ufe or benefit, the trade or buftnefs of a grocer, or who (hall be licenfed as a grocer, or in whofe houfe or in any building occupied by him or her, or any houfe or building adjoining thereto, and which (hall communicate with fuel) houfe or building, the trade or buftnefs of a grocer (hall be carried on, or who (hall not be a victualler, inn-keeper, or tavern-keeper, (hall be capable of receiving a licence to fell fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder by retail, nor any pet ion who (hall not previourty fub-feribe the oath of allegiance, and likewife take and fubferibe an oath that he is not, nor has not been, fince the lixth day of Oflober one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, an united Jri/hman, nor acted as fuch, nor is a member of or connected with or belonging to any fociety or meeting formed or appointed for any trealonable, feditious, or unlawful purpofe, and that he or (he will not permit or fufFer to be fold in any houfe, building, outhoufe, tent, field, or other place, for his or her account or profit during the continuance of the licence, any fpirituous liquors which (hall not have been duly and legally permitted and attended wfth proper permits to him or her, and which (hall not, to the bed of his or her knowledge or belief, have paid the full duties due thereon to his Majefty j and every licence which (hall be iflued to any perfon declared by this a<5t not to be capable of receiving the fame, or to any perfon or perfons in truft, or to the ufe or benefit of fuch perfon or perfons fo declared incapable, (hall be and the fame is hereby declared to be void to all intents and purpofes, and the perfon whofe licence (hall fo become null and void (hall be deemed an unlicenfed retailer of fpirituous liquors, and be fubjeCt to fuch penalties, forfeitures, and dif-abiiities as retailers of fpirituous liquors without licence are fubjeCt to.
    XX.       And be it furthor ena&ed, That no perfon (hall be deemed a victualler, inn-keeper, or tavern-keeper, within the meaning of this a«St, who (hall not furmlh or fell vi&uals to be confumed in the houfe of fuch peifon.
    XXI.      And be it further enabled. That no licence as aforefaid (hall be granted to any perfon who (hall not be charged with and
or^window^k Pay duty f°r ,wo foe hearths at the lead, nor unlefs the houfe duty.         of fuch perfon (hail be charged and pay tax in refpeit of fome
windows or lights therein.
    XXII.      And be it further enabled, That nothing in this a& contained (hall extend to fubjedt any apothecary or druggid to any penalty for felling cordial or medicinal waters, in the way of his bufinefs as an apothecary or druggift, or to oblige him to have a licence for lb doing.
 Afiignees may XXIII. And be it further ena&ed. That if any perfon continue re- licenfed to fell fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder in tailers till ex- Ireland,(hall aflign the houfe or place in which fuch perfon (hall
                                                                                                                                 have
 Who (hall be
 deemed
 victuallers.
  No licence to houfes not
 Adt not to extend to apothecaries.

 »
 i
 ►
 i
 k
 i
 i,
 ►
 »
 I
 i
 *
 *
 §
 »
 »
 »
 !
 j
 ;
 i
 1805.] Annoregm quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50.                  941
 have been licenfed to fell fuch liquors to any perfon, or (hall die,piration of the aifignee of fuch perfon afiigning his intereft, or the executors "^et’|£,r°" or adminiftrators of the perfon fo dying, or his or their affigneeQ^jn certifi-who (hall become poflefled of fuch houfe or place, may lawfully cates and exe-fell fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder therein, until cute bonds* the expiration of the term for which the licence (hall have been granted, provided fuch executors or adminiftrators, or fuch aflignee, (hall have obtained the certificate of the two next refident juftices of the peace, or any two juftices refident within five miles thereof, that he, (he, or they is or are a proper perfon or perfons to be licenfed to fell fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder by retail, an#! (hall, together with two fufficicnt fureties approved of by fuch juftices, have executed fuch bond as is herein-before required on granting a licence.
    XXIV.    And be it further enabled, That if any licence fhall Licences
 be granted by any clerk of the peace in Ireland to any perfon to8rai!j:ed 011 fell fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder by retail, on fraudufendr any order fraudulently obtained from or made by any juftices, obtained (hall not purfuant to the diredlions of this adb, every fuch licence be void, and (hall be void, and the perfon to whom fuch licence (hall have j!1^} Perf°n8 been granted (hall be deemed a retailer of fpirituous liquors,          ^C~
 wine, beer, ale, or cyder, without licence, and (hall be fubjedt to
 the fame penalties as perfons felling fuch fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder, by retail, without licence, are by this adl fubjefk to.
    XXV.       And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon licenfed Licences void, to fell fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder by retail in (pirits fold
 Ireland,(hall fell by retail any fuch liquors in any other place {hJrein'de^* than fuch houfes or places thereunto belonging wherein fuch fcribed, and perfon inhabited and dwelled at the time of the ifluing of fuch perfons liable licence, and which (hall be deferibed therein, fuch licence (hallto penalties, be of no effedl to protedi fuch perfon from any penalties he or (he may be liable to on account thereof; but fuch perfons (hall be liable to the fame penalties on account of fuch fale as perfons felling fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder by retail, without licence, are by this adt fubject to.
    XXVI.    Provided always, and be it enadled, That it fhall and In Dublin the
 may be lawful for the fuperintendant magiftrate of          ,  on           be
 application to him made for that purpofe by any perfon, being j^ave^offuper-licenfed as herein-after mentioned within the diftridtof the me- intendant ma-tropolis of Dublin, to allow fuch perfon to fell fuch liquors by giftratc. retail in any houfe or place within the faid diftridt, other than
 the houfe or place deferibed in fuch licence, for the remainder of the year for which fuch licence (hall be granted, which faid laft-mentioned place (hall be indorfed on the back of fuch licence, and figned by the hand of fuch fuperintendant magiftrate.
    XXVII.      And be it further ena&ed. That every perfon who who (hall be (hall fell, by himfelf or herfelf, or by any perfon employed by deemed re-him or her, or adling for his or her benefit, either within his*aU«r8»
 or her houfe, out-houfe, or building, hut, tent, or other place
                                                        whatever,
   
 Penalty on clerk of the
 942 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. [1805.
              'whatever, or to be confumed elfewhere, fpirituous liquors in •lefs quantity at one time than four gallons, mixed or unmixed with water, fugar, or other ingredients, or beer, ale, or cyder, in lefs quantity than a quarter of a barrel, or wine in lefs quan-•          tity than one gallon, (fellers of bottled beer, ale, porter, or
              cyder excepted, who (hall fend the fame abroad, and not fell any to be confumed in their own houfes), (hall be deemed to be retailers, and to fell the fame by retail within the meaning of this aft, and if not duly licenfed (hall be fubjeft to all and .          fingular the penalties and difabilities enacted againft perfons fell-
   ing the fame without licence.
     XXVIII.           And be it further enafted, That if any cleric of . the peace (hall enter in the crown book any order contrary to
 orderortnn8 or inconfiftent with the order of the juftices, or any provifions iHuing li- in this aft contained, or (hall iffue any licence for a greater cenccsunduly. number of perfons in any townland, town, or village, or within a diftrift not lefs than one mile round any town or village, or in any parifh within the county, county of a town or city, other than (hall be contained in the determination of the grand jury, if fuch determination (hall have been duly made, or (hall iffue any licence not authorized by the provifions of this aft, he (hall for every order fo entered, or licence fo iffued, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, and every fuch order and licence (hall and is hereby declared to be null and void.
                 XXIX.      And be it further enafted. That the feveral clerks of
              the peace in Ireland, fo often as they (hall be thereunto required by notice figned by any commiflioner of excife, or by any com-miffioner for managing the (lamp duties in          , (hall tranfmit
              to the excife and (lamp offices in Dublin refpeftively, a true and accurate lift of all licences iffued by them refpeftively, and the dates of fuch licences, the names of the perfons licenfed and their fureties, and the places where they (hall be licenfed to fell, and the amount of the (lamp duty paid on fuch licences refpec-tively ; and alfo copies or extrafts of all bonds entered into with refpeft to any licence iffued, and the amount of damp duty paid on fuch bonds refpeftively; and of all licences certified to him in refpeft to fairs by any colleftor, and by juftices of the peace in refpeft of encampments ; and if any clerk of the peace (hall refufe or omit to return fuch lift within ten days after fuch
         . notice as aforefaid, he (hall for every offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, Britijh currency, and a further fum of one pound a day, like currency, until he (hall tranfmit fuch lift refpeftively.
 Clerks of XXX. And be it further enafted. That every clerk of the peace (hall peace (hall keep all bonds entered into by any perfons licenfed duce bonds of unt^er a&> am* ty their fureties, among the records of the
 licenfed perfons.
 Clerks of peace (hall tranfmit lifts of perfons licenfed to excife and ftamp-ofhces when required.
 Penalty on clerk of the
 county, and (hall, upon demand made to him by any jufttce of the peace, or by any officer of the commiflioners of excife, or commiffionersfor managing the (lamp duties, produce any bond fo demanded for his infpeftion.
                                                          XXXI. And be it further enafted. That if any clerk of the
                                                                                                               peace

                    • * ; « /
                                                                            '. \
    V                                    %
  1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georg 11 III. c. 50. 943
  peace (hall demand, take, or receive, diredtly or indiredtly, by peace taking himfelf, or any other perfon employed by him or adting on his n5cate[. ^ec®. behalf, any greater fee or fees for doing his duty under this adt underthUa& than are allowed unto him by this adt, or (hall refufe to fill up any bond or any licence which he is required to fill for the pur* pofe of carrying this adt into execution, he (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds to any perfon who (hall fue for the fame, and (hall upon convidiion thereof be and is-hereby declared incapable of ever adting as clerk of the peace.
     XXXII.       And be it further enadted, That if any clerk of Fine on clerk the peace-(hall negledl to attend at any feffions of the peace, fo/no,]5™1* general or fpecial, at which any adt is to be done towards carry- tendance or ing any part of this adt into execution, unlefs prevented by negledt. ficknefs or fuddcn accident, fufficient in the opinion of the
  court to juftify his abfence, and verified by oath, or (hall neglect to provide a proper and fufficient perfon, in cafe fuch his neceflary abfence therefrom, to act there for him, and for whom he (hall be anfwerable, it (hall be lawful for the jufiices, or for anyjuftice attending, if there (hall be only one, to fine fuch clerk of the peace for every fuch negledt or omiffion, in the fum of twenty pounds Britifh currency, which fine (hail be immediately eftreated into the court of exchequer in Ireland.
     XXXIII.    And be it further enacted. That it (hall be lawful for Clerks of the
  every clerk of the peace to appoint one or more fufficient deputy peace may or deputies to act for him in the execution of this act, each             °*
  refident within the county of which he (hall be clerk of the ^
  peace, and for whom fuch clerk of the peace (hall be anfwerable, and the adt of each and every fuch deputy or deputies (hall be deemed the adt of the clerk of the peace by whom he or they is or are appointed, and (hall fubjedt fuch clerk of the peace to ail penalties and difabilities for any adts, matters, or things done, or negledted to be done by any of them, as it fuch adt had been done, or negledted to be done by fuch clerk of the peace; and every fuch deputy (hall be deemed the adting clerk of the peace in the abfence of the clerk of the peace.
    XXXIV.        And be it further enadted, That in cafe any clerk In abfence of of the peace, or adting clerk of the peace, (hall at any time clerk of the i.egledt to attend in the execution of his duty under this adt at t«!»f»rorqf any feffions, general or fpecial, it (hall and may be lawful for the the county treafurer of the county, then there prefent? to do all fuch adt and miy adt (or adts as are by this adt required to be done by fuch clerk of theh‘“-peace, at fuch feffions, general or fpecial, and to take fuch fees
  for the fame as fuch clerk of the peace is by this adt authorifed and empowered to take.
    XXXV.         And be it further enadted. That no prefentment Affidavit of (hall be made by any grand jury, or fiated by any judge of affize clerlt °fthc. for any money to be paid to any cleik of the peace for any pur- j^^ot re- * pofe whatfoever, either for falary, fees, or otberwife, unlefs fuch chived more clerk of the peace (halllay before the grand jury an affidavit fees than due made by him, that he has not taken or received fince the pallingto I*1111*t0 ** of this adt any greater or other fee or fees for any thing done by ma c*
     Co gle
 944 Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. [1805.
           * him in the execution thereof than what are allowed to him ex-prefsly by the fame, every which affidavit (hall be laid before the judge of affize, and read in open court, before the judge (hall fiat the prefentment, and it (hail then be delivered to the clerk of the crown, to be kept among the records of the county.
 Penalty on XXXVI. And be it further enafted, That no perfon (hall perrons felling fell any fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder by retail, jprits without un]efs fuCh perfon (hall be licenfed fo to do in manner herein in a certain * direded ; and if any perfon (hall fell any fuch liquors by retail, diftance of without having obtained fuch licence as direfted by this ad, or Dublin, Cork, having obtained fuch licence the fame (hall have become void, Limerkk^*^cv0,7 (uch perfon being duly convided before anyone magiftrate for the firft offence, and before any two magiftrates for the fecond or any fubfequent offence, either by his or her confeffion, or the oath of any one credible witnefs, (hall for the firft offence, if committed within the city of                    , or within the circular
             road, or within the diftrift of the metropolis of     , or in
             any place beyond the circular road and the wall of his Majefty’s park the Phoenix, not diftant more than five miles therefrom, or within the cities of Corky IVaterford, or Limer'tcky or within the reft of the counties of the faid cities, forfeit the fum of thirty pounds Britijb currency, and for the fecond and every further offence forty pounds Britijb currency; and if fuch offence (hall be committed in any other place in Ireland, every fuch perfon (hall for the firft offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds Britijb currency, and for the fecond and for every further offence thirty pounds Britijh currency; and in default of payment of the faid forfeitures or penalties refpedively, for the firft offence the perfon offending (hall be committed to gaol for a fpace not exceeding four calendar months, nor lefs than two calendar months, and in default of payment of the faid forfeitures or penalties refpeftively, for the fecond or any further offence (hall be comrhitted to gaol, there to remain for the fpace Saving for of fix calendar months: provided always, that nothing herein «J»°f contained (hall extend to fellers of bottled beer, ale, porter, or e e* cyder, who (hall fend the fame abroad, and not fell any to be confumed in their own houfes.
 Perfons twice XXXVII. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon con vidted (hall fljaii j,e convicted of a fecond offence agaiuft this aft, fuch of being li- * Perf°n (hah he incapable of receiving a licence to fell fffirituous cenfed, and liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder, by retail, and that every (hall be liable licence for that purpofe granted or to be granted to any fuch to penalties, perfon (hall be void; and any fuch perfon afterwards felling any fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder, by retail, in (hall be fubjeft to the fame penalties as perfons felling fpirituous liquors or other liquors, by retail, without licence, are fubjeft to. Magiftrate XXXVIII. And be it further enafted. That it (hall be lawful “lZe'wd*”7 ^or any mag'^rate» h'gh or chief conftable, peace officer, or SemancTfight °®cer exc*fe or damps, to enter in the day-time into any of licence. houfe, (hop, (lore room, or other building, or booth or (hed, hut, tent, or ftall, whereon or before which (hall be affixed any
                                                                                                               fetautV’

 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. 945
 board importing that fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder are fold therein, and to demand a view of the licence for fuch fale; and if 00 fufffcient licence (hall be produced on fuch demand, the occupier of fuch (hop, ftore-room, houfe, or other building, booth, fhed, hut, tent, or ftall, (hall be deemed an un-licenfed retailer, and forfeit accordingly as fuch, unlefs he or (he (hall, within twenty-four hours after a magiftrate (hall make fuch demand, or within twenty-four hours after complaint (hall be made to any magiftrate of the refufal to produce fuch fufficient licence, produce the fame to the' magiftrate who (hall have made fuch demand, or (hall fummon him or her on fuch complaint.          - *
    XXXIX. And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may Magiftratesor be lawful for any juftice of the peace, chief or high conftable, or officer bf the revenue of cuftoms or excifeor (lamps, to fearch fazeVpftitV for and make feizure of any fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, expofed to or cyder, which he (hall find in any houfe or other building, or (ale at any any booth, (lied, hut, tent, or ftall, whereon or before which placeot public fuch board (hall be affixed; and if the occupier of the fame ji^nled (hall fail to produce a licence in force, authoring him or her houfes. to fell fpirituous liquors, all fpirituous or other liquors therein, and alfo all fpirituous or other liquors which (hall be in any houfe belonging to or occupied by any perfon who (hall have been a fecond time convi&ed ot felling fpirituous or other liquors without licence, and alfo all fpirituous or other liquors expofed to fale at any fair, patron market, hurling match, horfe race, or any place of publick meeting, except in houfes licenfed for that purpofe, and except where a fpecial licence (hall be given in refpe£t to any fale thereof at any fair or encampment as is herein provided, together with all veftels containing the fame, and all veftels ufed for meafuring and drinking the fame,
 (hall be forfeited and may be feized ; and every perfon felling or expofingto fale any fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder, at any fuch fair, patron market, horfe race, hurling match, or       x
 other place of publick meeting, except in houfes or places licenfed for that purpofe, (hall, upon view of any magiftrate, or upon being convi&ed thereof before any magiftrate, be fubjedt to the like penalties and forfeitures as a perfon felling fpirituous liquors without licence.
    XL. And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be Magiftrates lawful for any magiftrate, juftice of the peace, or other peace jnaydeftroy officer, or any officer of the revenue of cuftoms or excife or or'foiVby * (lamps, in Ireland, to feize and take away, or to deftroy or caufe perfons not to be feized, taken away, and deftroyed, all fuch fpirituous liquors licenfed. which (hall be hawked about or expofed to fale in any ftreet, pathway, road, field, or in any booth, tent, ftall, (hed, or bulk, or by any perfon not licenfed to fell the fame in fuch place, and the veftels containing the fame, and all veftels and utenfils ufed for meafuring or drinking the fame found therewith ; and it (hall be lawful for any magiftrate or juftice of the peace for the city or place in Ireland wherein fuch offence (hall be committed, in Vol. XLV.                    j  P                         his
    
 946 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. [1805.
              his or their own view, or on confeffion of the party, or by proof of fuch offence by the bath of one or more credible .witnefs or witnefTcs, to convidl any perfon fo offending, and to order him, her, or them to be put in the flocks for the fpace of one hour; and the juftice or juflices by whom fuch perfon fhall have been fo convicted, (lull, by warrant or warrants under his or their hand and Teal, or hands and Teals, commit the offender or offenders to gaol, there to remain for any time not exceeding one calendar month from the day of fuch commitment.                        *
 Magi ft rates XLI. And be it further enafled. That it fhall and may be lawful may fummon for any juflice of the peace in          , to fummon any perfon
 fluked with c^ar8e^ with having fold fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or offences ** cyder, by retail, without licence, or charged with any other againit this offence again ft this a£l, to appear before him, and if the charge be for felling of any fuch liquors without licence, to require, by the fummons to be ifTued, the perfon fummoned to bring with him or her, and to produce a licence for felling fpirituous liquors; and in cafe fuch perfon (hall not appear, upon proof made of the fervice of fuch fummons, or if fuch perfon fhall appear, and fhall not produce a licence authorifing him or her to fell by retail fpirituous liquors, then fuch juftice or magiflrate (hall examine fuch witnefs or witnefTcs upon oath as fhall appear before him, which oath fuch juflice or magiflrate is hereby empowered to adminifter; and if proof fhall be made before fuch juftice or magiflrate, or if it fhall appear by the con-feftion of the party, that fuch perfon did fell any of fuch liquors by retail within fix months previous to the ifluing of fuch fummons, then fuch juflice or magiflrate fhall convidl the perfon charged with having fold fuch liquors without licence of fuch offence; and every convidlion fhall be drawn up in the following form of words, or in any other form of words to the fame effedt, according to the nature of the cafe; that is to fay ;
                County of 1 * A. B.is convi<5led on his or her own confefiion j [cr, on the oath of                                    ] of
              having fold fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder, as the cafe may be,in the parifh [townland, or town, as the eafe may be] of                     in this county, on the              day
              of                       without  being duly licenfed thereto.
              Given under .my hand and fea), this day of                  .*
              And fuch magiftrafe or juflice fhall thereupon iflue awarrant under his hand and fcal, to levy fuch fine or penalty as the perfon foconvi<5led fhall be fubje<5t to in refpedl of the offence of which he or fhe was fo convidted, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuch perfon,-and to commit the body of fuch offender to gaol in fuch cafes as by this a<5t the offender may be fo committed ; and the informer or profecutor (hall be deemed a competent witnefs to prove the offence.
 Magiflrate*    XLI I. And be it further enadlcd, That it (hall and may be
 nay fummon                                                           lawful
 Form of conviction.
 Magiftrates (ball thereupon iflue warrants.

 i 805.] Anno regtii quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. 947
 lawful for any juftice of the peace, or other magiftrate, towitnefles,
 fummon any perfon to appear before him to give evidence of who.not aP"
 the felling of fpirituous liquors, wjne, beer, ale, or cyder, by retufing’^
 any perfon not having a licence to retail fpirituous liquors; and give evidence,
 if any perfon, who (hall be funimoned as a witnefs for the Sail forfeit
 purpofe aforefaid, (hall negleft or refufe to appear to fuch fum- lo/*
 mons, or appearing (hall refufe to give his or her teftimony,
 every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch negledt or refufal, forfeit
 the fum of ten pounds Britijb currency, for the ufe of the poor
 of the parifh in which fuch perfon (hall dwell; and in cafe of
 non-payment thereof, fuch juftice or magiftrate fliall iftue a
 warrant under his hand and feal to levy fuch fum, by diftrefs
 and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch perfon; and for
 want of effects fufficient to anfwer fuch fum, fhall iftue a like
 warrant to commit to the houfe of correction or county gaol the
 perfon fo offending, there to remain without bail or mainprize,
 for the fpace of one calendar month.
    XLIII. And be it further enaCted, That if any perfon fhall Appeal, think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by the determination of any fuch magiftrate or juftice of the peace, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch perfon to appeal to the next feffions of tl,ie peace, or adjournment thereof, for the county, city, or town in Ireland where fuch perfon was convided, and not afterwards ; and the determination of the juftices at fuch feftions fhall be final and conclufive, and no certiorari (hall be allowed for the removal thereof: provided always, that no fuch judgement or conviction fhall be reverfed for any informality, imperfection, or defeCt in form.
    XLIV. And be it further enaCted, That where any perfon Appeal of fhall be convicted of any offence againft this aCt as an unlicenfed unlicensed retailer of fpirituous liquors, no appeal to be brought by any Perfon not to fuch perfon fhall ftay or prevent the execution of any warrant or tion, unleft procefs for the feizure of any goods or chattels of, or of bond be committal of fuch perfon, unlefs fuch perfon fhall, with two entered into, fufficient fureties, have entered into a bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, in a penal fum equal to double the amount of the fine fo incurred, conditional to pay the fine impofed on fuch perfon in cafe the judgement or conviction for the fame fhall be affirmed, with all cofts attending fuch appeal, which bond fhall be entered into before the clerk of the peace, before fuch appeal fhall be lodged or received.
    XLV. And be it further enaCted, That if any juftice of the Juftices to peace in Ireland fhall certify to the clerk of the peace, by fending certify to the record of the conviction, that proof has been made before him, that any condition in any of the bonds herein-before condition of required to be entered into by any perfon licenfed to fell bonds are fpirituous liquors, wine, ale, beer, and cyder, has been violated, violated, Ac. fpecifying fuch condition and the violation thereof, fuch clerk of the peace fhall thereupon tranfmit fuch certificate, together with a copy of the conviction, and the bond of the perfon offending, to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s ftamp-dutics in
                                3 p a                           and
    
  948 Anno rcgniquadiagefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 50. [1805.
               and the faid commiflioners (hall forthwith put or caufe fuch bond to be put in fuit.
                 XLVI. And, for preventing drinking at                   and
               the harbouring of fufpefled perfons in houfes where   liquors
  Magiftrates or /ballbe fold\ be it further enafied, That it (hall be .lawful for conftables any magiftrate, chief or high conftable, to enter any fuch houfe, may remove an(j tQ remove a]j perfons drinking therein between the hours of ingaftera ’twelve at night and funrile in the morning on any day of the certain hour, week, or drinking therein at any hour whatever on Sunday, and Penalty on if any perfon felling fpirituous or other liquors by retail, (hall perfons ob* not, on demand of entrance by knocking or otherwife, fo as to itru£Hng     be iiear(j withtn, admit fuch magiftrate, chief or high conftable,
    agi ra es. jmo fucb houfe> or after admittance (hall obftrudl any of them in removing perfons drinking therein, fuch perfon, upon proof thereof to the fatisfaftion of any magiftrate, upon oath, or upon view thereof by fuch magiftrate, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of five pounds Britijb currency, to be paid to the informer or profecutor; and in default of payment thereof, the perfon fo offending (hall be committed to gaol until fuch fine (hall be paid.
1 Magiftrates to XLVil. And be it further enadled, That the juftices of the twice convift- Peace before whom any perfon licenfed for the fale of ed to commif- fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder, (hall have been (ioners of re- a fecond time convi<Sled of entertaining perfons in his or her venue.         houfe, not being inmates of fuch houfe, at unreafonable hours,
               (hall certify under his hand and feal to the commiflioners for managing the ftamp-duties in           that fuch perfon has fo
               been a fecond time convidfed, and upon receipt of fuch certificate, the faid commiflioners (hall caufe the bond entered into by fuch perfon fo licenfed to be put in fuit; and fuch certificate lhall, if produced on any trial relative to fuch bond, be con-clufive evidence of the breach of the condition of fuch bond. Money for          XLVIII. And be it further enabled, That no perfon (hall
  liquors fold have any remedy for, or recover any fum of money on account to or by unli- ariy fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder, fold fon'nortobe knowingly to an unlicenfed retailer of fpirituous or other liquors recoverable, in Ireland, nor (hall any fuch unlicenfed retailer have any remedy for or recover from any perfon any fum of money on account of any fpirituous or other liquors fold by fuch unlicenfed retailer: and all promiflory notes, bonds, or other writings given as a fecurity for the payment of debts contra&ed for any fuch fpirituous or other liquors, fo fold to an unlicenfed retailer of fpirituous liquors, or fo fold by an unlicenfed retailer, are hereby declared to be null and void.
  Recovery and XLIX. And be it further enabled, That all forfeitures under application of this acf, exceeding the fum of twenty pounds, touching which penalties ex- no fpecial provifion is hereby enafted, (hall be recovered by ceeding ac . a£jon debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Ireland, by any perfon who will fue for the fame, in which no eflbign, protedlion, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and that all monies recovered thereby
                                                                                                                 (hall
 
 I
 t
 I
 I
 I
 i
 i
 i
 l
 r
 \
 i
 \
;
.
i
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. 949
  (hall be applied as to one half thereof, after deducing all the expences of profecuting and recovering the fame, to the ufe of the perfon fuing for the fame, and as to the other half thereof, to the ufe of the infirmary of the county, or county of a town, or city, wherein fuch forfeiture (hall have been incurred; and if in the diftriCt of the metropolis, to the ufe of the governor of the hofpital and free-fchool of King Charles the Second in Dublin, commonly called The Blue Boys Hofpital.
     L. And be it further enaCted, That all fines impofed by Recovery and virtue of this aCt, for any negleCt of duty in any officer, (ball application of be eftreated into his Majefty’s exchequer by the jufticcs or °jcgCr ** juftice impofing the fame; and that all convictions for any offence againft this aCt, refpeCting which no fpecial provifion is enaCted, (hall be made in a fummary way before any one juftice of the peace, upon confeffion of the party, or proof upon the oath of. any one credible witnefs j and that the penalty, fine, or forfeiture under fuch conviction, fhall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of thfe offender, or if not paid, the offender fhall be committed to gaol by fuch juftice, for any time not exceeding the rate of one month for every five pounds of the fum which fuch penalty, fine, or forfeiture may amount to; and that all furns which fhall be levied or paid on account of any fines, penalties, or forfeitures under this aCt, not particularly applied by this act (except fuch as (hall be eftreated into bis Majefty’s exchequer) fhall be applied, after deducting all expences for levying the fame, as to one half thereof to the informer, and as to the other half, to the poor of the parifh Wherein the conviction fhall be made.
     LI. And be it further enaCted, That whenever any fine. Fine for fell-penalty, or forfeiture fhall be adjudged againft any perfon in «ng fpirits _ purfuance of this aCt, for felling fpirituous liquors without licence, not to the fame fhall not be abated or mitigated.                          be abated.
     LII. And be it further enaCted, That all juft ices of the peace juft;ce8 Qf for any county in Ireland, adjoining to or within which any counties and . county of a city is fituated, fhall be empowered, and they are cities may hereby authorifed and enabled to aCt in fuch county of a city, ders^thrir1* (fave and except the city and county of the city of Dublin) as jurifdiaions. fully to all'intents and purpofes, as if they were magiftrates within fuch county of a city, fo far only as (hall relate to convicting and levying the penalties inflicted by this act on all perfons who fhall fell fpirituous or other liquors without licence in        Ireland^ contrary to the intent and meaning of this aCt.
     LIII. And be it further enaCted, That no fee or reward Penalty on (hall be taken by any magiflrate or his clerk, or other perfon ^her^erfonT" aCting under him,    for any thing done  or ordered by them in the takfngPfces.
  execution of this    prefent aCt, other  than what  is              herein par-
  ticularly authorifed, under pain of forfeiting the fum of five pounds       Britijh currency, to be recovered by civil bill by any perfon fuing for the fame.        ,
     LIV. And be it further enaCted, That any juftice of the Penalties on peace or magiflrate In Ireland, who fhall negled or refufe in any magiftrates
                                                6                         inllanM 10
                                                  1
    
 950 Anno regni quadrogefimoquintoGEORGii TIL c. 50. [1805.
 perform the inftance to carry this ad into execution, upon a proper applica-
 theVad°n8 °f l'0n ma(*e t0 h‘m»       ^or^e*t fum °f fifty pounds
 currency for every fuch neglect or refulal, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Ireland by the perfon who lhall have made fuch application, in which no effoign, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance lhall be allowed; the money recovered by fuch action to be applied as to one-half thereof to the ufe of the perfon fuing for the fame, and the other half to be paid to the minifter, rector, or churchwarden of the parilh wherein fuch juftice of peace or magiftrate lhall refide, for the ufe of the poor therein.
   LV. And be it further enacted, That if any perfon (hall buy or obtain for any conlideration given or to be given, any fpirituous liquors in lefs quantity than four gallons in any houfe in Ireland, not having affixed thereon fuch board fo painted, and in fuch manner as is preferibed by this act, or if any perfon left tbarf one fiuy or °^ta,n ^or any confederation given or to be given
 quarter of a any beer or ale in lefs quantity than one quarter of a barrel, in barrel, not any houfe not having affixed thereon fuch board fo painted, having a and jn fuch manner, unlefs fuch houfe be the houfe of a feller of pamted board. jJottjC(j becr< a]Cj or porter> wh0 lhall fend the fame abroad, and lhall not fell any to be confumed in his or her houfe} every fuch perfon lhall for every fuch offence, upon being convicted thereof before any magiftrate upon the oath of one credible witnefs, or by his own confeffion, or on the view of fuch magiftrate, forfeit the fum of two pounds                    currency; and in
             cafe of non-payment thereof, lhall be committed to gaol, there to remain for one calendar month, or until the faid penalty lhall be paid.
 Penalty on LVI. And be it further enacted. That if any diftiller, or diftillers fell- 0ther dealer in fpirits in I, lhall knowingly fell any fpirits uniicenfcd re-*° an ur>l>ccnfed retailer, or to any perfon for the ufe of an tajlers. unlicenfed retailer, fuch diftiller or dealer in fpirits lhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds Britifh currency. Diftillers not LVII. And be it further enacted. That no diftiller or whole-from^unU-      ^ea*er  *n !Wr*ts> or any other perfon, (hall be entitled to
 cenfed retail- maintain any caufe, a&ion, or fuit, for or to recover, either in ers,    Sec.law or equity, any fum of money or demand for or on account of
             any fpirits fold to any perfon felling fpirits by retail without licence in Ireland; and in cafe fuch diftiller or wholefale dealer in
 Penalty on perfons buying a lefs quantity of fpirits than four gallons,
 No money to be recovered for fpirits unlefs the debt incurred amouut to
fpirits, or other perfon, lhall fell any fpirits to fuch unlicenfed retailer, knowing him to be fuch, fuch unlicenfed retailer may recover back all fuch money as he (hall have paid for any fuch fpirits fo fold by civil bill or otherwife from fuch diftiller or wholefale dealer.
   LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no perfon (hall be entitled unto or (hall maintain any caufe, action, or fuit, for or recover either in law or equity, any fum of money or demand, for or on account of any fpirituous liquors fold in       unlefs
fuch debt lhall have been r eally and bona fide contracted at one
                                                                                                                      time

I

3
S
5
I
!
*
*
»
1
 I
 t
 \
 i i
 i
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. 951
 time to the amount of twenty (hillings Briti/h currency at the *«u. contradt-Icaft, nor where any part of the liquors fold or delivered (hall £5^ onc have been returned, or agreed to be returned diredlly or indiredtly, nor (hall any particular article or item in any account or de- ' mand for fpirituous liquors fo .fold be allowed or maintained, where the full value of the liquors delivered at one time and mentioned in fuch article or item (hall not be twenty (hillings Britijhcurrency at the leaft, and that without fraud or covin j and in cafe any perfon (hall take or receive any pawn or pledge from any perfon by way of fecurity for the payment of any fum or fums of money owing by fuch perfon for fpirituous liquors, every fuch perfon fo offending, and being convidled thereof, before any magiftrate or juftice of the peace, (ball forfeit the fum of forty (hillings Britijh currency for every pawn or pledge fo taken in or received by him or them j and the perfon or perfons to whom any fuch pawn or pledge (hall belong (hall have the fame remedy for recovering fuch pawn or pledge, or the value thereof, as it it had not been given as a pledge.
    LIX. And be it further enadted, That if any perfon in Penalty on landihall agree to payor (hall pay any journeyman, workman, Perfons aSrcc* fervant, labourer, or other perfon, employed by or working under him or her, or under his or her diredtion, fo much money &c. partly for wages and fuch a quantity of fpirituous liquors in lieu of the in money and wages, or any part thereof, which (hall be ordinarily and ufually PVty in paid for the work which fuch journeyman, fervant, labourer, or Pin s* other perfon (hall be employed in, or (hall agree to pay or (hall pay fuch wages partly in money and partly in or by Ipirituous liquors, or (hall fet off, flop, or dedudt all or any part of the wages or hire due to any journeyman, workman, fervant, or labourer for any fpirituous liquors delivered or fold to or drank by him, every fuch perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, upon being convidted thereof before any magiftrate or juftice of the peace, forfeit the fum of forty (hillings currency j and every perfon giving, or procuring credit to be given for fpirituous liquors fold or drank as aforefaid, (hall forfeit five pounds Britijh currency.
    LX. And be it further enafted, That no perfon in Ireland Penalty on employing journeymen, workmen, fervants, or labourers, (hall by himfelf or by any other perfon pay any journeyman, work- mfn> |£C> at man, fervant, or labourer employed by him, the whole or any publick part of the wages due to fuch journeyman, workman, fervant, houfes. or labourer, in or at any houfe in which any fpirituods liquors, wine, ale, beer, or cyder (hall be fold by retail; and every perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch offence, upon being convidted thereof before any magiftrate or juftice of the peace, forfeit the fum of ten pounds Britijh currency ; and ail payments of all wages made in manner aforefaid (hall be null and void.
    LXI. And be it further enadled<, That it (hail be lawful for Magiftrate* any two juftices of the peace i n Ireland,or the fuperintendant |?*y annu* magiftrate in the city of Dublin, to annul any licence granted to ’,cence<* any perfon or perfons for retailing fpirituous liquors, wine, beer,
                                                          ale,
Go gle
 Penalty Qn townland when parties are convifted of unlicenfed fales.
 Recovery of fines on townland.
                                          953 Annoregni quadragefimoquintoGEORGiiIIT. c. 50. [1805.
            ale, and cyder in Ireland; and if any perfon whofe licence (hall be fo annulled, on whom a notice of the fame being annulled, figned by fuch magiftrates or magirtrate, (hall have been ferved, (hall retail any fuch fpirituous or other liquors, every fuch perfon (hall be fubjeft to the fame penalties as perfons felling fpirituous ' or other/ liquors without having obtained a licence for that purpofe are .liable to under this adh
  LXII. And be it further enadled, That in every convidtion made of any perfon having fold fpirituous liquors, wine; beer, ale, or cyder, without being licenfed thereto under the authority of this adt, the parifh or, in cafe it be extraparochial, the town-land qr town in which the houfe or place where the Tame (hall have been fold (hall be (ituated, (hall be (fated in fuch conviction; and fuch purifli, townland, or town, in cafe aforefaid, (half be fubjedt to a fine of twenty pounds,  currency, over and
            above all fines incurred by the perfons convidted of felling without licence as aforefaid, fave only in cafes where fuch convidtion (hall have been made of fuch illegal fale upon the information of any inhabitant or inhabitants of fuch parifh or townland.
              LXIU. And be it further enadted, That whenever and fo often as any convidtion of any perfon for felling fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder, without any licence according to this adt, (hall be had or made by or before any juftice or juftices of the peace, fuch juftice or juftices (hall forthwith caufe notice of fuch convidtion to be potted up in tome confpicuous place in the parifh or townland or town, in cafe aforefaid, in which the offence (hall be committed, and (hall alfo caufe a like notice of (uch convidtion to be ferved on two landholders therein ; and fuch juftice or juftices (hall alfo return fuch convidtion to the clerk of the crown at or before the next enfuing aflizes or prefenting term, and the faid clerk of the crown (hall lay every fuch convidtion before the court at the faid enfuing aflizes or prefenting term, and if it (hall appear to the court that fuch notice of fuch convidtion was ported up, and ferved in manner aforefaid twenty days at the Icart previous to the commif-lion-day of fuch aflizes, or firft day of fuch prefenting term, and if it (hall not appear to the court that the convidtion was made on the information of any inhabitant or inhabitants of fuch parifh, townland or town, it (hall be lawful for the court, in cafe any perfon (hall appear to controvert the fadt of the parifh, townland or town, mentioned in fuch convidtion, being the parilh, townland or town wherein the offence was committed, to try the (adt in the fame manner as in the trial of a traverfe to the presentment of a grand jury; and if a verdidl (hall be given agreeable to the convidtion, or if no perfon (hall appear to controvert as aforefaid, the court (hall diredt the treafurer of the county to order the fine of twenty pounds thereby incurred, to be levied off the parifh, townland or town in cafe aforefaid mentioned in fuch convidtion, by the colledtor of the grand jury cefs in like manner, with like powers, authorities, and remedies, in cafe of non-payment thereof, or of any part thereof, as are
                                                                                                       provided
 
 ^    1805.]  Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c.50.              953
    provided in refpedt to any money to be levied under the prefent-ment of a grand jury ; and all money which (hall be fo levied (hall be paid by the faid treafurer to the governors of the county infirmary therein, to be by them applied in aid of their other funds towards fupporting the fame, or towards building or maintaining one or more wards for lunaticks or inlane objedts.
       LXIV. Provided always, and be it cna&ed, That all licences Licences for for the fale of fpirituous liquors in the city or county of the city ^«blin to be of Dublin, or within the circular road furrounding the faid city, colle<fto£ and the'fpace of five hundred yards from the centre of the faid road, at the outfide thereof, (hall be iflueid by the clerk of the peace for the city and county of the city of       , upon the
    order of the lord mayor, and in every other place within the diftridt of five miles, beyond the faid circular road and the wall of the Phoenix Parky not being in the county of the city of Dublin, (hall be iftued by the clerk of the peace for the county of       Dublin, upon the order of any two magiftrates of the faid
    county; and upon fuch oath and bond being given and entered into, and fuch other requifites complied with by the perfons to whom fuch licences (hall be granted as are herein-before mentioned and exprefled, except fo far as fuch requifites are hereinafter otherwife provided for.
       LXV^. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That no Perfons ap-licence (hall be granted to any perfon to fell fpirituous liquors ply*ng f°r by retail in the city of Dublint or within the circular road fur- o^tairfcer*-rounding the faid city, or within the faid diftridt of the metro- tificates from polis ot Dublin, unlefs the perfon applying for fiich licence (hall luperintend-obtain a certificate from the fuperintendant magiftrate for the ant magif-time being, that fuch perfon applying for a licence is a proper perfon to be licenfed, nor unleis the perfons who (hall be fureties'ttiall1 propofed to be fureties for the perfon applying for a licence be be approved 1 named in fuch certificate, and therein approved of by fuch fuper- of*
 1 ■ intendant magiftrate.
       LXVI. And be it further enabled. That it (hall be lawful Parilhionro ; j for the parilhioners of the feveral parilhes of the city of Dublin mav appoint ,i or liberties thereof, at veftry aftembled, twice in every year, or pYriih in , oftener if neceflary, to appoint fuch number of perfons as to Dublin, who j! them (hall feem meet, to be overfeers of houfes licenfed for fale (hall have the of fpirituous or other liquors within every fuch pari(h refpec- ^me Power a*
 ! tively; and the overfeers fo appointed (hall have like powers and con“ab'es* authorities for entering fuch houfes as conftables and other | peace officers have by virtue of this adl; and the perfons not admitting fuch overfeers (hall be fubjedfc to like penalties as perfons not admitting magiftrates or high conftables are fubjedt , to by this adt; and in cafe they lhall find any perfons, not being . inmates of fuch houfes, entertained therein between the hours of twelve at night and feven in the morning on any day of the week, except Sunday, or at any time whatever on a           , any
    three or more of fuch overfeers (hall certify under their hands |    and feals to a juftice of the peace for the county or city of
 I      Dublin that perfons were entertained in fuch houfe at fuch
                                                      unfeafonable
 ft
       Go • gle
    254 Anno regni qnadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. [1805.
                 unfeafonable hours, or on a          ,  as the cafe may be, and
                 thereupon fuch juftice {hall fummon the parties accufed, and unlefs the parties fummoned (hall make it appear to the fatis-faclion of fuch juftice of the peace that the perfons found therein were inmates of the houfe where they were fo found, fuch certificate fhall be conclufive evidence to fubjedl the perfons licenfed for the fale of fpirituous liquors to a penalty of forty {hillings Britijh currency (or the firft offence, and for the fecond offence to the fum of five pounds       currency; and in default
                 of payment of fuch penalty, fuch juftice of the peace may iflue his warrant for the diftrefs and fale of the goods of the perfon on whom Spirit dealers fuch penalty fhall be impofed ; provided that no perfon dealing in not to vote fpirituous liquors fhall vote at any fuch vcftry, nor be appointed in ve ry. an overfeer.
                    LXVII. And for the encouragement of the               , be                       it
    Allowance of further enra&ed, That if any perfon licenfed as aforefaid in the duty to re- cities of                         Dublin, Cork*                Wat, and , fhall make it
    taj ers. appear to the fatisfaiftion of the commiffioners of excifc by the affidavit of fuch perfon, and by the certificate of the brewer by whom fuch beer fhall have been fold to fuch retailer, or by his books, and the permits received with fpirituous liquors, or by fuch other evidence as they (hall require, that fuch perfon has fold by retail in the houfe or houfes wherein fuch perfon (hall have been licenfed to fell fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder, within the year ending the twenty-ninth day of her one thoufand eight hundred and five, or within any fubfe-quent year, ftrong beer or ale, in the proportion of one barrel of ale or ftrong beer for each three gallons of fpirituous liquors fold therein or thereat during the laid year, it (hall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of excile, and they are hereby required to give to every fuch perfon a certificate ftating the quantities of ftrong beer, ale, and fpirituous liquors fold during fuch year by fuch retailer, and that fuch retailer has proved himfelf or herfelf, to the fatisfadlion of the faid commiffioners, entitled to a bounty of                           (naming the  fum)   under the
                 provifions of this a£t; and every retailer receiving fuch certificate (hall be entitled to, and (hall receive from the commiffioners for managing the ftamp duties out of any revenue by them collected, a bounty after the rate following; (that is to fay) if fuch retailer {hall have fold by retail feventy-five barrels of ftrong beer or ale within the year, a bounty equal in amount to one fixth part of the ftamp duties paid by fuch retailer on his or her licence, and if one hundred barrels, a bounty equal to one fifth part of fuch duties, and if two hundred barrels or more, a bounty equal to one third part of fuch duties.
                    LX VIII. And whereas feveral retailers offpirituous                         , wine*
                      beer,                ale, and cyder, may have been entitled to a reduction of the
                 duties to be paid by them for licences for the year next                         after
                 the twenty-ninth of September one thoufand eight hundred and                         ,
                 in refpeii of the quantities offtrong beer or ale fold by them by retail in theJaid cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford, or Limerick, during the year ending on the faid twenty-ninth of September one thoufand eight
                                                                                                                     hundred
 
    1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. 955
    hundred and four, and have not received the fame; be it enaCted,
    That the commiffioners of excife (hall make due inquiry into Bounties for the claims of all fuch perfons to fuch deductions^ and whenever j"a,c of I360-it (hall appear to them that all the requifites required by law to ^ entitle fuch perfons to fuch deductions have been duly per- colfedtors on formed, it (hall be lawful for them, and they are hereby required order of coni-to order the collectors of excife in the faid feveral cities tefpec- miffioners of tively to pay to fuch perfon, out of any revenue in their hands,exclfe* a bounty equal to the amount of fuch deductions refpeCtively, all which payments (hall be allowed to the faid collectors in their accounts.
       LXIX. And be it further enaCted, That every perfon who Retailers fur-(hall be licenfed to fell fpirituous or other liquors by retail under niltied with this aCt, (hall be furnifhed by the collector in whofe diftriCt fuch perfon (hall refide, or by the clerk of the peace, with a printed up. abftraCt of the regulations in this aCt contained, refpeCt'ng the v conduCt or duty of retailers, and (hall caufe fuch abftraCt to be hung up or polled in the moil publick part of the houfe of fuch perfon, and (hall preferve and keep the fame fo hung up or polled during the time fuch perfon (hall continue to fell fpirituous liquors by retail, or in default thereof (hall for every day in which fuch abftraCt (hall at any time be omitted to' be fo hung up or polled, upon proof thereof before any magiftratc or juftice of the peace, forfeit the fum of five (hillings         currency ;
    and fuch fine, when levied, (hall be paid one moiety to the profecutor, and the other moiety to the churchwardens of the parifti, for the ufe of the poor thereof.
       LXX. And whereas in confequence of the alteration in the modo of colliding the duty on licences to retailers, under this the collectors of excife in the feveral diftrifts will lofe the fees and fums of money heretofore payable to them thereon : be it therefore enaCted,
    That during fuch time as the feveral perfons who hold the office Compenfation of collectors of excife in their refpeCtive dillriCts in Ireland on the *°rc.olj.c^®r* twenty-ninth of September one thoufand eight hundred and four, f^0 * ° (hall continue to hold and enjoy the fame, it (hall and may be , lawful for the commiffioners of excife to pay to fuch collectors refpeCtively, or by an order under the hands of fuch commilfion-ers, to allow fuch collectors to deduCt and retain out of any money in their hands fuch fum and fums of money as (hall appear to the faid commiffioners, in confequence of the returns herein required to be made by the feveral clerks of the peace in manner aforefaid, to be equal to the fum or fums of money which fuch collectors would refpeCtively have been legally entitled to have received on the granting of all fuch licences within their refpeCtive dillriCts, in cafe the duty on fuch licences had been continued to be paid to fuch collector in manner directed by an aCt or aCts relative to fuch licences in force, in Ireland, before the faid twenty-ninth of September one thoufand eight hundred and four.
       LXXI. And be it further enaCted, That it (hall be lawful for One juftice any juftice of the peace, within his jurifdiCtion, to adminifter may admt-any oath or oaths preferibed or required by thisaCtj and that jf nlftcr oat“**
                                                                 any
     
 Retailer to keep a daily account of fpirits fold, and (lock to be taken.
                                          956 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 50. [1805.
Perjury. any perfon who (hall take any fuch oath (hall wilfully and knowingly fwear falfcly therein, every fuch perfon being duly .convicted thereof (hall fuffer the pains and penalties to which per-fons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury are or {hall be fubjedh LXXII. And be it further enacted. That every retailer (hall daily enter in a book to be kept by fuch retailer the quantity and quality of fpirituous liquors fold by fuch retailer during that day ; and that it (hall and may be lawful for any furveyor or excife, or any officer or officers or excife, of the diftriCt in which any fuch retailer {hall refide, from time to time, and at all feafonable hours in the day-time, to enter into all or any of the houfes, warehoufes, ftorehoules, (hops, cellars, vaults, and rooms of any fuch retailer, and into any place where any fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder, belonging to any fuch perfon (hall be. and to take an account of the quantity of all fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder contained in any fuch houfe, warehoufe, {hop, or other place refpedtively, and to demand the book herein-before mentioned in order to examine or take copies or extracts thereof j and if any fuch officer or officers of excife (hall not, on demand made by him or them, at any fuch houfe, warehoufe, (hop, or other place, be admitted therein, or {hall not be fufFered to take fuch accounts as aforefaid, or if any perfon fo licenfed {hall negledt or refufe to produce fuch book to fuch officer, or to {hew or caufe to be {hewn to fuch officer all the fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder in every fuch houfe, {hop, warehoufe, or other place, every retailer offending therein, or negleeling to keep fuch book, and to make true and faithful entries therein of all fpirituous liquors fold by fuch retailer by retail, {hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds Britijh currency j and if fuch retailer {hall offend therein a fecond time during the continuance of his or her licence, fuch licence {hall from and after the fecond convidlion be null and void.
              LXXIII. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any adtion or fuit fhall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or per-fons for any matter or thing by him or them done or executed by virtue of or in purfuance of this a<9, fuch adlion or fuit (hall be commenced within three months next after the alleged caufe of action {hall accrue, and (hall be laid in the proper county where fuch alleged caufe of adtion (hall have arifen or begun, and the General iffue. defendant or defendants in fuch adtion may plead the general iffue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of and by the authority of this adt; and if a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their adtionor profecution, or judgement {hall be given againft him, her, or them upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch' defendant or de-Treble colls, fendants {hall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.
                                                                                                        CAP.
 Limitation of adions.


 I
 I
 5
 1805.] Anno regni quad ragefimo qu into Georgii III. c. 51.        957
                       CAP. LI.
 Jin    ail for granting to his Majejly certain additionalJlamp
   amending the laws relating to the Jlamp , and for
 \ ing perfons who have ailed as notaries   without being duly
   licenfedin Ireland.—[June 27, 1805.]
      Mod gracious Sovereign,
 WE, your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubje£ls, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament aflembled, towards railing the neceflfary fupplies granted to your Majefty, and for the fupport of your Majefty’s government, do mod humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the • lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from The duties after the expiration of ten days after the palling of this adl, there fpecified in lhall, throughout that part of the united kingdom called Ireland^ a^^Tand be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs the allow-and fucceflors, for and tipon the feveral articles, matters, and ances fpecified things exprefled in the fchedules (A.) and (B.) hereunto an- >n fchedule nexed, the feveral and refpeitive rates, impofitions, duties, charges, and fums of money in the faid fchedules refpe£tively pal * mentioned and fet forth, and that there lhall be made, allowed, and paid for and in refpect of the articles mentioned and deferibed in the fchedule marked (C.) hereunto annexed, the allowances and fums of money mentioned and fet forth in the faid fchedule marked (C.), which faid fchedules lhall be deemed and taken as part of this adt to all intents and purpofes.
   II. And be it further enadled, That the feveral duties in the The find du-faid fchedules mentioned and fet forth (fave and except the duties hes (except on licences to fell fpirituous and other liquors at encampments, °"n«sn &c ) and for every day fuch fpirituous or other liquors lhall be fold at he inliea fairs, and on licences to braziers and others for making of ftills, of former and on licences to perfons to deal in or retail (lamps) mail be in duties, lieu and inftead of all former duties on the feveral articles mentioned in the faid fchedules.
   III. And be it further enabled, That the feveral duties hereby Duties to be granted lhall be uqder the government, care, and management under the of the commiflioners for the time being appointed to manage ™a^Scmeot the duties charged upon (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper con„nifBon?r« in Ireland., who, or the major part of them, are hereby required for (tamps in and empowered to employ the neceflary officers under them for Ireland, that purpofe, and (in order to denote the feveral duties payable by virtue of this adl on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, whenever they fee occafion) to ufe fuch (lamps as have been heretofore provided to denote any former duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, or to caufe new (lamps to be provided for that purpofe, and to alter or renew the fame, or any of them, from time to time, and to do all other things neceflary
                                                          to
    
958 Annoregni quadragefimoqaintoGEcTRGii IIL c. 5i. [1805.
          to be done, for putting this aft in execution, with relation to the feveral duties hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner, as they or the major part of them are authorifed to put in execution any former law concerning any duties under their
 Perfons in
 polTeflion of (lamps denoting the duties now payable, may have them exchanged for others, paying the difference of price, •
 Penalty on perfons forging (lamps, or having forged ftamps in their pof-feffion,
management.
   IV. And be it further enafled, That it fliall be lawful for any
perfon or perfons poffeffed of, or who (hall be poffeffed of, any vellum, parchment or paper (lamped or marked with any (lamp or mark to denote any of the duties now payable by law on (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which any duty is by this afl impofed greater than the duties now payable thereon, at any time to bring fuch vellum, parchment, or paper, to the faid commiflioners at their head office in   ,  who are hereby
authorifed and required, upon requeft of fucb perfon or perfons, to order either that fuch vellum, parchment, and paper, (hall be (lamped with a duty denoting fuch greater or higher duty, (the perfon or perfons requefling the fame paying the difference of price between the faid refpeflive ftamps), or that any vellum, parchment, or paper which (hall be brought for the purpofe by the perfon requefling the fame, (hall be duly (lamped and marked with (lamps denoting fuch duties as the perfon or perfons re> quefting the fame, (hall require in exchange for fuch (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, as (hall be offered for exchange, (the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be given paying the difference, if any, between the faid refpeflive ftamps): provided always, that the ftamps marked on fuch vellum, parchment, and paper to be offered for exchange (hall be cancelled.
   V.  And be it further enafled, That if any perfon or perfons
(hall at any time or times hereafter counterfeit or forge, orcaufe or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any type, mark, or (lamp, to refemble any type, mark, or (lamp already kept or ufed, or hereafter to be kept or ufed at the head office of the commiflioners of ftamp duties in      , for denoting the charg-
ing or marking on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter direfled to be (lamped with any of the duties charged thereon by this afl or by any other afl or afls in force in Ireland; or if any perfon or perfons (fave and except fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be lawfully entitled to have and ufe the fame for the purpofe of (lamping vellum, parchment, or paper, in purfuance of this afl) (hall have in his, her, or their poffelfion any type, die, mark, or ftamp, to refemble any type, die, mark, or (lamp already kept or ufed, or hereafter to be kept or ufed at the faid head office for denoting, charging, or marking on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter directed to be ftamped, any of the duties charged thereon by this afl or by any other afl or afls in force in Ireland; or (hall counterfeit, mark, or imprefs, or caufc or procure to be counterfeited, marked, or impreffed, on any vellum, parchment, or paper, any mark or device ufed or kept at the head office aforefaid, for denoting the charging or marking on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter or thing direfled to be (lamped, any of the duties charged thereon by this afl, or by
                                                                                                                        any

  »!
  1

 iS05.] Anno regniquadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 51.                     959
 any other aft or afts in force in Ireland; or (hall utter, vend, or fell, orcaufe to be uttered, vended, or fold, or (hall have in his or her poffeffion with intent to fell the fame, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with any counterfeit device, mark, or imprellion thereupon, to refemble any mark or device, ufed or kept at the head office aforefaid for the purpofes aforefaid, knowing fuch device, mark, or impreflion to be counterfeited j then and in any of the faid cafes, every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof duly convifted, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall, for the firft offence, be tranfported for the term of feven years, and for any fubfequent offence (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.
    VI.     And be it further enafted. That all the duties and al- Duties to be lowances by this aft granted and made payable (hall be paid and payable in payable according to the amount thereof in Britijh currency,
 and that in all cafes where any duties of (lamps in Ireland, or any ^here exallowances in refpeft thereof are direfted to be afcertained by the prefTed to be ' amount of any fum in refpeft whereof fuch duties are impofed or *n Irifh cur-fuch allowances are made, fuch amount as well as the rate of rencY* duty or allowance in refpeft thereof, (hall be taken in Britijh currency, except where the amount of any fum in refpeft of which any duty is impofed, (hall be exprefled, eftimated, or calculated in Irijhcurrency, in which cafe fuch duty (hall be paid in Irijh currency.
    VII.  And be it further enafted. That all monies arifing by Money arifing
 the feveral duties hereby granted (hall be paid from time to time by the duties into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the ^e^exche 'If0 duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper in            , who  of Ireland!^
 (hall pay the fame (the neceflary charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the fame being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer of Ireland, at fuch time and in fuch manner as the
 duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are by law di-refted to be paid; and all monies fo paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund of Ireland.
    VIII.     Provided always, and be it enafted. That the fum of Duty of 7/. feven pounds in the faid fchedule (A.) mentioned and impofed °” >nd«ntures on any indenture, deed, article, or contraft, for binding any °Q atfondes08 perfon as a clerk or apprentice to an attorney, (hall be accounted to be payable for, paid, and applied in fuch and the like manner as the fum of in like manner feven pounds mentioned in an aft. made in the forty-third year ?8 that duty of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for granting to his ^^3 c.u. Majefiy feveral duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the commijfton-
 ers for managing the Jlamp duties in Ireland, is by the faid aft direfted to be accounted for, paid, and applied.
    IX.       And be it further enafted. That all powers, provifions, Powers, Sec. rules, methods, articles, claufes, penalties, diftribution of penal- of 43 G.3. ties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things prescribed ^j»
 in and by the faid recited aft of the forty-third year of his prefent jn irciand re-Majefty’s reign, or by any other aft or afts of parliament in force lating to in Ireland relating to the (lamp duties on vellum, parchment, or damps (expaper, CCP<whcrc
    
 The allowance of 10 /. per cent, on the amount
 960 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. [1805.
 herebyal- paper, and not hereby altered or repealed, (hall be of force and effe<? with relation to all duties hereby granted, and (hall be 0 118      ’  applied and put in execution for-the raifing, levying, colleding,
   and fecuring the feveral duties hereby granted, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been hereby re-enadcd with relation to the duties hereby granted.
   X.     And be it further enaded, That fo much of the faid laft recited ad of the forty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, as direds, that any perfon who (hall purchafc and pay for paper,
 of ftampspur. damped with any of the duties mentioned in fchedule (B.) to chafed diieft- the faid ad annexed and printed, with the forms of the articles ed by 43 G.3. an(j inftruments mentioned in the faid fchedule, (hall be allowed c.ai.repea ed at t|je rateof ten pounds per centum for every fuch fum or fums, to be paid as aforefaid, (hall, from and after ten days after the paffing of this ad, be and the fame is hereby repealed,
                XI.                      And whereat by the faid lajl recited a£I of the forty-third year
              of his prefent Majejly’s reign, it is amongfi other things , that
              the commiffoners ofjiamps fall allow and pay to every perfon bringing parchment, vellum, or pto be the duty whereof fall amount to the fum of twenty pounds or upwards, or buying parchment or paper Jlamped to a like amount, after the rate of three pounds
 No allowance for every one hundred pounds, (except as in the faid aft is mentioned) ;
 t0fbeeamof an" be il ena<5led’ ^at, ^rorn an^ a^ter the expiration of ten days
 itamp duty3on a^ter the pacing of this ad, no fuch allowance (hall be made for
 licences, the or in refped of any Aamp duty on any licences, the duty on which
 duty on which (hall amount to the fum of eleven pounds or upwards, any thing
 ihall amount jn t^e faj<j a<n or an., other ad or ads, to the contrary notwith-ton/, or     A                                                 * 7 J
 more.       (landing.
                XII.    And, for the better guarding againft the forgery and re-ijfuing of Jlamps, ufed in proceffes for recovery of/debts, by way of civil
 Civil bill pro- in Ireland, be it enaded, That all civil bill procefles hereafter cefies to be to be iffued, and all copies thereof, (hall be figned, dated, and figned, &c. by appointed for each particular caufe and feflion, by the refpedive Mftant bar- afl]ftant barrifters in every county in Ireland', and that every fuch affillant barrifter (hall, for figning, dating, and appointing every fuch original procefs, and all the copies thereof, receive from the plaintiff or perfon iffuing or requiring fuch procefs the fum of fixpcnce Britif currency in the whole and no more; and that every plaintiff obtaining a decree (hall be entitled to recover againft the defendant fuch fum of fixpcnce in addition to the other legal cods heretofore recoverable by law, and that any perfon uftng any fuch procefs or copy or copies thereof for any other purpofe than              that for which iuch procefs     or copy was fo
              figned, dated, and appointed, (hall be adjudged guilty of a mif-
   >•         demeanor,  and punilhable as for a mifdemeanor at common law.
 So much cf XIII. And be it further enaded, That fo much of the faid re-43 G.3. c.ai. cited ad made in the forty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s an*orders* re'Sn» as exempts any draft or order for the payment of money for the pay- on demand payable to bearer, drawn upon any bank or banker, ment of mo-  or perfon ading as a banker within ten miles of   the place where
 ney to bearer fuch draft or order (hall be adually drawn and iffued, from any
                                                                                                                        of

Digitize
I
 it
 t
 »1
 f)
 r
 *
1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. $1. 961
of the duties by the faid recited adt charged and made payable^ from duty, (hall, from and after the expiration of ten days after the palling re*
of this act, be and the fame is hereby repealed: provided always, no order that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to ex- ^aij ^ tend to charge with duty any fuch draft or order which (hall be charged with paid before the expiration of two days next after the date thereof, duty which and which (hall not be negotiated, or of which payment (hall not be required at any time after the expiration of fuch two days ta;n next after the date hereof.
    XIV. And whereas many per fens have omitted to take out licences to a£i as notaries     publick within the refpefli times in which fuib
 licences ought to have been taken out, or without fuch licences being duly Jlamped, whereby they may have incurred certain penalties and difabilities ; for preventing thereof and for relieving fuch                    ,
 be it enadted, That every perfon who, at or before the pafling of Indemnity to this adt, (hall have negledted or omitted to take out fuch licences, Perfons neg-or whofe licences (hall not have been duly (lamped, and who at oUtTiccnces any time before the palling of this adt, on or before the twenty- to ad as ^10-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and five, (hall taries, on tak-have taken out or (hall take out fuch licences as are or have been in8 out h* from time to time by law required duly (tamped according to law, aCceCI^^,t,U,l (hall be, and all and every fuch perfon and perfons is and are time< hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and againft all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and difabilities in or by any adt or adts of parliament in force in Ireland mentioned and in-
 curred, or to be incurred for or by reafon of any fuch neglect or omiflion refpedtively, or for or by reafon of fuch licences not being refpedtively duly (tamped ; and every fuch licence fo taken out, or to be taken out, being duly (lamped, (hall be as effedtual to all intents and purpnfes as if the fame had been taken out and (tamped within the refpedtive times when the fame ought re-fpedfively to have been taken out and (tamped purfuant to the dired!ions of any adt or adts in force in Ireland for that purpofe.
   XV.       And be it further enadted, That all infurances for in- Infurances oh Turing houl'es, furniture, merchandize, or other property from houfes, or Jofs by fire, and all infurances upon any life or lives for the
 benefit of any perfon or perfons in Irelandwhich (hall be made fives/eft'etfed or effedted by any perfons refideivt in Ireland, and appointed by in Ireland by the corporation of Royal Exchange Aflurance in                , or by perfons ap-
 thc corporation of London Aflurance, or either of them, or by                 s
 any company in Great Britain for infuring property or lives, as or companies the agents of fuch corporations or companies refpediively, (hall in Great Bribe fubjedt and liable only to the duties impoted on luch infurances ta'n lubj«.<ft by any adt or adts in force in Ireland, and to no other duties what- j "T *c / foever, although the policies by which fuch infurances (ball be made (hall be under the common feal of the faid corporations or companies refpedtively, and although the fame (hall be completed in the whole or in part previous to their being fent to fuch agents in   Ireland$ any    law, (tatutc, or ufage to the contrary notwith-
 itanding.
   XVI.    And be it further enacted, That, from and after theCommif-
      Vol. XLV.                    3 Q_                     palfir.g fioners of
 Go gle,
  962 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. [1805.             <
  ftamps may parting of this aft, it {hall and may be lawful for the faid com-forantrSntrmiffi0ners ^or mana8'nS the ftatnp duties in      or any one
  retail Ramps*. or more °f them, and they are hereby required to grant to any perfon or perfons requiring the fame (not being a diftributor of {lamps appointed by the faid commifltoners) a licence to deal in and retail {lamps, which licence (hall be in force until the twenty-fifth day of March next enfuing the date thereof, and (hall be ' duly {lamped: provided always, that every perfon requiring fuch licence {hall enter into a bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-certors, (which bond the faid commirtioners are hereby empowered to take for his Majefly’s ufe,) in the penalty of one hundred pounds, conditioned that fuch perfon fhall not fell nor offer to fell, or have or keep in his or her pofTeflion any forged or counterfeit (lamp: provided alfo, that all perfons fo licenced (hall be fubjeft and liable to all fuch rules and regulations as are contained in the faid recited aft of the forty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign with refpeft to perfons licenced to utter, vend, or fell (lamps under and by virtue of that alt as to the uttering, vending, or felling thereof.
  Clerks of the XVII. Provided always, and be it enafted, That any clerk of peace, &c. thc pcace or other perfon, who, by any aft or afts in force in ftamp* with- Ireland, is allowed to provide any (lamp or (lamps for any licence, out taking out bond, or other matter or thing, fubjeft to (lamp duty, (hall and a licence to may provide the fame, and receive the amount of the ftamp duty retail them, thereon, together with fuch fee as fuch clerk of the peace or
             other perfon is by law entitled unto, without having obtained any | licence for that purpofe, and (hall not on account of providing any fuch ftamp, or receiving payment for the fame, be deemed a vender or retailer of or dealer in (lamps, or liable to any penalty for fo doing, any thing in this aft, or any other aft or afts in force in Ireland, to the contrary notwithftanding.
  Penalty on XVIII. And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for officers admit-every body politick or corporate, corporation or company, in ting perfons Ireland, which, from and after the expiration of ten days after ' ttans^ithout l^e Pa®nS °f this a<^* fhall admit any perfon or perfons into receiving the anY fuch corporation or company by themfelves, or by fome ftamp duties perfon or perfons employed by or under them, previous to the payable there-ad million of any fuch perfon into any fuch corporation or com- j #n*          pany, to demand and receive for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs
             and fuccertors, of and from the perfon fo to be admitted, the feveral and refpeftive duties by this aft impofed on the entry, minute, or memorandum of the admiflion of fuch perfon into fuch corporation or company; and if any town clerk or clerk, or other proper officer of any fuch body politick or corporate, corporation or company, (hall negleft or refufe to make an entry, minute, or memorandum of fuch admirtion, upon the proper ftamp, in fome book, roll, or record of fuch corporation or company, within one month after any perfon (hall be admitted into fuch corporation or company, fuch town clerk or other officer {hall for fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds Britijb currency,                                            /
                                                                                                         XIX. And


   1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georoii III. c.51. 963
    XIX.      And be it further enaded, That all town clerks. Rooks and clerks, and other publick officers, who (hall from time to time rec°rd® °*L have in their cuftody any publick books, files, records, remem- cersmav i>e~ brances, dockets, or proceedings, the fight or knowledge whereof infpedtcd by may tend to the fecuring of any of his Majefty’s ftamp-duties in peifons ap-
    Ireland, or to the proof or difcovery of any fraud or omiffion in pointed by the relation thereto, or to any of them, (hall, at any feafonable time of^ail'p's."6™ or times, permit any officer or officers, thereunto authorifed by the commiffioners for the time being appointed to manage the faid duties, or the major part of them, to infped and view all fuch books, files, records, remembrances, dockets, and proceedings as aforefaid, and to take thereout fuch notes and memorandums as (hall be neceflary for the purpofes laft mentioned, without fee or reward, upon pain that fuch clerk, town clerk, or other officer or officers who (hall refute or negled fo to do, upon demand made by fuch officer or officers fo authorifed as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch refufal and negled, forfeit the fum of ten pounds Britijb currency.
    XX.    And be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be Bounties to be
  lawful for the faid commiffioners for managing the ftamp-duties, allowed to out of any revenue by them colleded, to pay to any perfons tjtied"hereto licenced to fell fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, and cyder by for telling retail in the cities of                  Dublin, Cork, Waterf, and , fuch beer in certain
  bounties as fuch perfons (hall, by the certificate of the com- proportions, miftioners of excife, appear to be entitled unto in refped of
  having fold ftrong beer or ale by retail within the year ending the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and five, or any fubfequent year, in fuch quantities and proportions as may be (pecified in any ad made or to be made in the prefent feffion of parliament for regulating licences for the fale of fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, aie, and cyder by retail, and for difeouraging the immoderate ufe of fpirituous liquors in Ireland, or by any other ad or ads hereafter to be made for the like purpofe.                                               ,
    XXI.      And be it further enaded. That if any attorney or Penalty on folicitor in Ireland, who (hall not have actually paid the full attornir8 not amount of the ftamp-duty impofed by any ad or ads in force in ^'n®nts(far-Ireland on any warrant to appear for any plaintiff or defendant, ra„ts or othcr or to profecute or defend any adion or fuit, or to confefs judge- proceedings ment thereon, or on any writ, procefs, pleading, rule, order, fuits. record, or proceeding whatsoever in any adion or fuit at law or
  in equity, fhall charge to the plaintiff or defendant in fuch adion or fuit, or (hall receive from fuch plaintiff or defendant, or from any other perfon, the amount of any luch ftamp-duty, and (hall not have adually made ufe of or iffued or filed the warrant, writ, procefs, pleading, rule, order, record, or other proceeding duly ftamped as required by law, for which fuch charge (hall be made, or fuch amount (hall be received, fuch attorney or folicitor (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the Ann of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any perfon who (hall fue for the fame by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information .                             3 <^a

Go gle
                                                                                                            urigi
                                                     fORKPU
 964 Anno fegni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. [1805.
             in any court of record in Irela, in which no effoign, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance (hall be allowed. Proceedings XXII. And be it further enadied. That, from and after the *n thetrialof pafljng 0f tfois a£fc, it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice of ■recovering' t*lc peace in Ireland, within whofe jurifdidtion any offence (hall of penalties, be committed againft this a<ft, or againft the faid recited adt of the forty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or againft any other act or adts in force in Ireland, for granting ftamp-duties to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, and fuch juftice is hereby authorifed and empowered in all cafes (except where a fuit (hall have been begun or be pending in any fuperior court refpecting fuch offence,) upon any information or complaint, to fummon the party fo accufcd and alfo the witnefles on either fide, and to examine into the fadt, and upon proof thereof made, either by the confeffion of the party or perfon committing fuch offence, or by the oath of one or more witnefs or witnefles, to give judgement for fuch penalty, in cafe the fame (hall not exceed twenty pounds; and in cafe fuch penalty fhall exceed the fum of twenty pounds, and fhall not exceed the fum of one hundred pounds, then to fine fuch offender in the fum of twenty pounds, and to give judgement for the fame as a penalty incurred for fuch offence, and thereupon to iffue his warrant under his hand and feal for levying fuch penalty on the goods of fuch offender, and to caufe fa!e to be made thereof in cafe they fhall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where goods fufficient cannot be found to anfwer fuch penalty, fuch juftice of the peace is hereby authorifed and empowered to commit fuch offender or offenders to prifon for fuch time as he fhall judge to be proper, not lefs than one month nor more than three months, unlel's fuch penalty fhall be fooncr paid; and it fhall not be lawful for fuch juftice to mitigate fuch penalty or fum of twenty pounds in any way whatfoever, any adt or adts to the contrary notwithftanding; and if any perfon or per-fons fhall find himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved by the judgement of fuch juftice of the peace, then and in fuch cafe he, {he, or they, upon giving fecurity to the amount of the penalty, together with fuch cofts as fhall be awarded in cafe fuch judgement ihall be affirmed, may appeal to the juftices at the next general quarter feffions of the county or diftridt in which fuch offence fhall have been committed which fhall happen after fourteen days next after fuch convidtion fhall have been made, of which appeal notice in writing fhall be given to the profecutoror profecutors ten days previous to the firft day of fuch quarter feffions; and fuch juftices fhall fummon and examine witneffes upon oath, and finally hear and determine the fame; and in cafe the judgement of fuch juftice of the peace fhall be affirmed, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftices as aforefaid to award the perfon or perfons fo appealing to pay fuch cofts occafioned by fuch appeal as to them fhall feem meet; and no                 fhall in
             any cale be granted to examine or remove any fuch determination or conviction, either before or after fuch appeal.
                                                           XXIII.  And
 Digitized bj
 Go gle
 1805.} Anno regni quadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. c. 965
    XXIII.      And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or Penalty on perfons (hall be fummoned as a vvitncfs or witnefles to give evi- w,t?e![JV8 dencc before fuch juftice of the peace, or before the (aid juftices
 at the fefllons, and (hall negleft or refufe to appear (fuch witnefs fufing to give or witnefles expences being firft paid or tendered,) without a evidence, reafonable excufe, to be allowed by fuch juftice of the peace or juftices at fefllons refpeftively, or upon appearing (hall refufe to be examined upon oath or give evidence before fuch juftice of the peace or juftices at feflions refpeftively, and (hall not make reafonable excufe for fiich* refufal, to be allowed by fuch juftice of the' peace or juftices at the fefllons refpeftively, then fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit the futn of five pounds, to be levied and recovered in fuch manner as other penalties not exceeding twenty pounds are by this aft direfted to be levied and recovered.
    XXIV.       Provided always, and be it enafted. That nothing in When of-tliis aft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to pre- fender (hall vent any perfon from fuing for or recovering any penalty exceed- ”onvidle'U>e” ing twenty pounds under any aft or afts in force in Irtland for forc a juitice, regulating the ftamp-duties in cafes where the offender (hall not penalties ex-have been convifted before a juftice, and fined in a fum of seeding 30/. twenty pounds under this aft: provided alfo, that any perfon ^*ed under" having been fo convifted and having paid fuch fum of twenty any a£ jn pounds, may plead the fame in bar to any aftion or fuit for any force in Ire-penalty exceeding twenty pounds and not exceeding one hundred land fc>r regu-pounds on account of the fame offence for which he (hall have lat,”S ftamP been fo convifted.
    XXV.        And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be Penalties may lawful for the faid commiflioners for managing the (lamp duties, be mitigated, by order of the commiflioners for executing the office of lord jjj.*jreiancl*Ury high treafurer of Ireland, to mitigate any fine, penalty, or for-f0 feiture under this aft, or under any other aft or afts in force in
 Ireland for impofing duties on ftamps; any thing in the faid afts or any of them to the contrary notwithftanding.
    XXVI.    And be it further enafted, That any juftice of the penalty on
 peace or magiftrate in Ireland, who (ball negleft or refufe in any juftices neg-jnftance to carry into execution this aft or any aft for impofing lifting to ftamp-duties in Ireland, upon a proper application made to him, g^'y^a^p.01* (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds Britijb currency for every a£ ;mo fuch negleft or refufal, to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, execution, plaint, or information, in any court of record in           , by the
 perfon who (hall have made fuch application, in which no'efloign, proteftion, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance (hall be allowed ; the money recovered by fuch aftion to be applied as to one half thereof to the ufe of the perfon fuing for the fame, and the other half to be paid to the minifter, reftor, or churchwarden of the pari(h wherein fuch juftice of the peace or magiftrate (hall refide, for the ufe of the poor therein.            .       ,
                              SCHEDULES
                                                             
                                                                 Original from
                                                             yoKk public libi

 966 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. [1805*
                              •        .    I
              SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.
 Schedule (A.)
 DUTIES.
L' *• **

 Eor every (kin or pleee of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper on which (hall be ingrofTed, written, or printed any of the following articles, or any part thereof, the refpedive duties following,     ,
   viz.
      Any admifiion of any clerk, advocate, prodor, notary, or other officer in any court what-foever (except fuch officer be an annual officer in any corporation or inferior court, whofe office is under the value of ten pounds a year in faiary, fees, and other perquisites) - - 20  O  •
      Any indenture or other deed, ana every article or contrad whereby any perfon (hall become bound to ferve as an apprentice or clerk to an attorney or folicitor, in order to his admifiion as an attorney or folicitor in any of his Ma» jefty’s courts in Ireland, on each part of fuch indentures, deeds, articles, or contrads  - 43  0  O
          And further on each part of fuch indentures,
            deeds, articles, or contrads -       - 7  O  O
      Any other indenture of apprenticefhip, where the fum or value given, paid, contraded, or agreed for, with or in relation to fuch apprentice (hall exceed £. 10 and (hall not exceed £.20 Exceeding £.20 and not exceeding £*5°
                 I-50  —       —
             £.,00     —       —
             £.200*    —       —
             £.300     —       —
             £.400     —       “
          And where fuch fum or value
            the fum of £.500, for every £.100 of fuch excefs a duty of -      -     -  3  O   O
      Any letter of attorney empowering any perfon
        to execute leafes         -          ' - 10  O   O
      Any letter of attorney empowering any perfon
        to receive rents in Ireland -   -             -50#
      Any indenture, leafe, releafe, or deed for fetting or demifing lands, tenements, or hereditaments in Ireland, for any term not exceeding one life or twenty-one years.
                                          Where
 Digitized by
Go gle
Jriai
 NEW Y0R1
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III.c. 51. 967
  DUTIES.
 £• d*
Indenture, &c. continued,
        Where the amount of the rent referved (any penal rent or any increafe of referved rent in the nature of a penal rent not being included in fuch amount) (hall not exceed .        40          s.or the fine or confideration for the
          fame (hall not exceed £.20 Where fuch rent (hall exceed 401. and (hall not exceed £. 10, or where fuch fine or confideration (hall exceed £.20, and (hall not exceed £.100 Where fuch rent (hall exceed £.10 and (hall not exceed £.20, or where fuch fine or confideration (hall exceed £.100 and (hall not exceed £.150          -
        Where fuch rent (hall exceed £.20 and (hall not exceed £.50, or where fuch fine or confideration (hall exceed £.150 and (hall not exceed £.250 Where fuch rent (hall exceed £.50 and (hall not exceed £.100, or where fuch fine or confideration (hall exceed     250, and (hall
          not exceed               £.500 - -> ,
        Where fuch rent (hall exceed £.100 and (hall not exceed £.150, or where fuch fine or confideration (hall exceed £.$oo and (hall not exceed £.750        -      -     -      -  1  10   o
        Where fuch rent (hall exceed£.150 and (hall not exceed £.200, or where fuch fine or confideration (hall exceed £.750 and (hall not exceed £. 1,000           -     -                  - o
        Where fuch rent (hall exceed £.200 and (hall not exceed £.2$o, or where fuch fine or confideration (hall exceed £.1,000 and (hall not exceed £.1,250          -       -       -   2 10   O
        Where fuch rent (hall exceed £.250 and (hall not exceed £.300, or where fuch fine or .        confideration mall exceed £.1,250 and (hall
          not exceed £.1,500         -      -               -300
                                                                     £ Where fuch rent (hall exceed £.300 and (hall not exceed £.350, or where fuch fine or
                       £i
-050
-076
■ 0(0 o
- o 15 o
-100
   confideration (nail exceed £• 1*500 and (hall not exceed £.1,750          -
 Where fuch rent (hall exceed £-350 and (hall not exceed £.400* or where fuch fine or confideration (hall exceed £.1,750 and (hall not exceed £.2,000            -
 And where the amount of fuch rent referved (hall exceed the fum of £.400, or fuch fine or confideration (hall exceed the fum of
                                                                                                                 £.2,090*
- 3 10 o
-400
Go gle
                                                          . Original from
                                                  NEW.YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY

 968 Anno regni quadragefihio quinto Georgii III. c. 51. [1805.
                                                ' '               DUTIES.
             Probate, See. continued.                      .    £. i.  d.
              <    £.2,000,    for  every £.100 of the whole
                    amount of fuch rent, or for every £.500 of fuch fine or confideration a duty of             -200
                       And in cafe fuch indenture, leafe, releafe, or deed, (hall be executed by virtue of any letter of attorney for that purpofe, then for every £.5 of the amount of fuch -referved rent, or for every £.25 of fine or confideration, a further duty in all cafe£ c -         of       -       -         -        -OIO
                    And on any indenture, leafe, releafe, or deed, for fetting or demifing lands, tenements, or hereditaments in Ireland, for any term exceeding one life or twenty-one years, and not exceeding three lives or thirty-one years, an additional duty equal to one half of the foregoing duties ; and if for any term exceeding three lives or thirty-one years, then a duty in the whole equal to double the amount of the foregoing duties.
                Any probate of a will or letters of adminiftration for any eftate,
                Of the value of £.30 and under the value of £.100 £■100                     —     —
       • £.2°°                            —     —
                  t* -       £-3°°        —
                             £.400        —     —
                             £.500        —     —
                             £.600    <   —     ' —
                              '.700       —     —
                              y8oo        —     —
                             £.900        —     —
                           £.1,000        —     —
                           £.1,500        —     —
                           £.2,000 and not exceeding _ ^ _
                    Above the value of £.3,500, for every 10 of fuch value, and tor any fractional part of £.100 beyond any progreflive fum of £.100, a duty of -               -                      -200
                         Except always the probate of any will or letters of adminiftration of the goods, chattels, and effects of any common feaman, marine, or foldier, who (hall be (lain or die in the fervice of his Ma-jefty, his heirs or fuccefiors.
                Any receiptor difeharge for any legacy, fpecific or pecuniary, or of any other defeription of the' amount or valve of £.20 or more given by any will or teftamentary inftrument of any perfon out
                                                             of
 Digitized by
Go gle
 NEW YORK PI

Llf
                                                          7
r
L
                                         %
 1805.] Anno regniquadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 51.            969'
                                                   DUTIES, k
 Probate, &c. continued.                          £.  s. d.
   - of his or her perfonal eftate, and alfo for the clear refidue, and for every part of the clear refidue of the perfonal eftate of every fuch perfon whether teftate or inteftate, and who (hall have left or who fhall leave any perfonal eftate of the clear value of £. 100 or upwards, which (hall remain after deducing debts, funeral expences, and other charges, and fpecific and pecuniary legacies (if any), whether the title to fuch refidue or to any part thereof (hall accrue by virtue of any tefta-mentary difpofition, or upon inteftacy where any fuch legacy or any reftdue or part of refidue of any fuch perfonal eftate (hall be given or pafs to or for the benefit of any of the perfons after-mentioned :
        For every £.tco of the value of any fuch legacy or refidue, or any part of refidue, and for any fractional part of j£.ioo beyond any fum or progreflive fums of £.100, the fums following, viz.
          If fuch legacy or refidue, or part of refidue,
            (hall be given or pafs to or for the benefit of a brother or fifter of the deceafed, or any defeendant of fuch brother or fifter 150 If the fame (hall be given or pafs, to or for the benefit of a brother or fifter of a father or mothe.- of the deceafed, or any defeendant of fuch brother or fifter -200 If the fame (hall be given or pafs, to or for the benefit of a brother or fifter of a grandfather or grandmother of the deceafed, or any defeendant of fuch brother or fifter 10 O If the fame (hall be given or pafs, to or for the benefit of any perfon in any other degree of collateral confanguinity to the deceafed, than as above deferibed, or to or for the benefit of any ftranger in blood to the deceafed -          -     -    -  4   O  O
                        EXEMPTIONS.
            Receipt or difeharge for any legacy, or any refidue or part of refidue, of any perfonal eftate, which (hall be given or (hall pafs to or for the benefit of the hu(band or wife of the deceafed.
            Receipt or difeharge for any legacy, or * any refidue or part of refidue, of any perfonal eftate, which (hall be given or (hall pafs to or for the benefit of any of the royal family.
                                             Any
Go gle
          Original 1
 NEW. YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY

 I
 970 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 51. [1805
         .                                        DUTIES.
                                                                                                                          d.
 Any bond commonly called a mortgage bond, or bond given as a collateral fecurity, for 6r in refpeCl of any mortgage -           -     >026
 Any entry, minute, or memorandum of the admiffion of any perfon into any corporation or company, who (hall be fo admitted in refpedt of his birth, apprentice(hip, or marriage, entered or made in the court book, roll or record of any fuch corpora tion or company Any entry, minute, or memorandum of the admiffion of any other perfon, into any cor poration or company Any permit granted by any officer of his Ma-jefty’s revenue, or any diftribufor of (lamps, or other perfon duly authorifed to grant the fame, relative to any excifeable or other goods, and alfo any certificate of any fuch permit required by law;
                                                                                         If the duties on the goods permitted thereby do not amount to the fum of
- O 10    •
-too
 If^jch
        fuch duties amount to £.15 or more Any inftfumcnr, entitling any perfon or per-fons exporting any goods, wares, or merchandize, from Ireland, to any drawback, or bounty on exporting the fame Any army lift (except fuch as (hall be publi(hed with the approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, for the time being) -             -    ^
 Any almanack or calendar, for any one particular year, or for any time lefs than a year, which (hall be printed on one fide only of any one (beet or piece of paper or other materials, and which (hall not be printed, fo as to be afterwards feparated into leaves, or bound as a book or pamphlet Any other almanack or calendar,' for any particular year, or for any time lefs than a year Any almanack or calendar, made to ferve for any time longer than a year, or for feveral years                                      ....
 Any Dublin Directory ... Any policy of aflurance or infurance, or any writing commonly fo called, for infuring houfes, furniture, good*, wares, merchandize, or other property, from lofs by fire Any draft or order in writing, for the payment
0
o
 o
 X
 6
 o
-006
006
o o*9
0
009
 o
 o
 7
 o
 6
 6
O 1 o
 Digitized by
Go gle
            .Origiraffrolt* NEW YORK PUBijC i'll

                                           1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georg 11 III. c. 51.
                                                                                                                DUTIES.
                                                 £.
      of any fum of money, not exceeding ten pounds Britifh currency on demand, payable to bearer or otherwife, drawn upon any bank or banker or perfon ailing as a banker in Ireland, within ten miles of the place where fuch draft or order (hall be a&ually drawn and iflued, which (hall be nego- , tiated, or of which payment (hall be required at any time after the expiration of two days, from the date thereof -        -003
    Any licence to any perfon to deal in, or retail (tamps in Ireland, except perfons being didributors of (lamps, lawfully appointed by the commiflioners for managing the (lamp duties in Ireland -            -     -   0  10  o
    Any licence to any brazier or worker in brafs, copper, tin, or other metal for making of dills, dill heads, and worms of (iills -100 Any licence to any perfon to fell fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder, at any encampment of troops in Ireland, for one month           -       -         .            -100
         And for every fuccefiive month            -100
971
V l
 I
t

 I
 I Go yle
Schedule
       Original from - -NEW YORK PUBLieTORARY
           •           *    I *
 97Z AnnoregniquadragefimoquintoGeorgiiIII.c.51. [1805.
  %
                                        Schedule (B.)
                            Undamped Articles liable to Duty under this A<5h
ARTICLES.
Where the premium, or con-fideration in the nature of a premium,a&ually and bona fide paid or contracted for.
 Any afTurance or infurance of any (hip or (hips, goods, or merchandize, or any other property or • intereft whereon infurance may be lawfully made againft lofs in any voyage or voyages, or from the danger of or other perils at fea, viz.
      ' For any voyage to or from any port or place in the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the illands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, from or to any other place in the faid kingdom or iflands, Where the fum infured (hall amount to j£.ioo or any lefs fum And                Coprogre(lively for every £.100 fo
                  infured -And where the fum infured (hall exceed £. 100, or any progreflive fums of >£.100 each by any fractional part of £.100, for fuch fra&ional part For any other voyage where the fum infured (hall amount to £.100 or any lefs fum -And lo progreflively for every £.100 fo infured                 -      • «•
         And where the fum infured (hall exceed jf.ioo, or any progreflive fums of 100 each by any fractional part of^.ioo, for fuch fradional part
      Any aflurance or infurance upon every fum of £.100, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs fum that is or (hall be infured by any perfon or perfons in or by any policy of infurance for infuring houles, goods, furniture, warehoufes, merchandize, or other property, from lofs by fire, yearly
      For each and every day during any fair in Ireland for which any perfon licenfed fo fell fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder by retail, (hall be duly authorifed by a ma-giftrate to fell fuch fpirituous or other liquors in any hut, tent, or booth, or in any ftreet, road, or open place at fuch fair •
                                                                    Shall not exceed the rate of *01. per cent.
£. S.
013
O 1.3
O I 3 0 2 6 026
0 2 6
                                                           Shall exceed the rate of ao>. per cent.
£. S, d.
0 2 6 0 2 6
                                                    0 2 6
                                                    050
                                                      5 0
                                                        %
                                                    050
026
 200
 Schedule
 Digitized by
* Gck gle
 NEW YORK'
!
1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 52.   973
      To ftationers or other pcrfons who (hall purchafe (lamps for receipts, to the amount at one and the fame time of £.10, in confideration of their making no charge to the publick for the paper (lamped for receipts, but actually and bona fide felling the fame for the price of the (lamp only, £.7 tor. for every ^f.ioo of the amount of the duty on fuch (lamps for receipts, and fo In proportion for any greater or lefs fum, not under the fum of          this  allowance being over and above the allow-
        ance on the prefent payment of damp duties to the amount of £.20, and upwards.
       An aft for the better regulation of licences to perfons in Ireland dealing in excifeable commodities, and engaged in the feveral occupations
!          therein           mentioned.—[June 27, 1805.]
       VI7HEREAS by an aft made in the prefent fejf.on of
                                                           V V intituled, An a& for granting to his Majefty certain (lamp 45 G. 3. c. *0.
       duties in                       Ireland,            it is enabled, that licences to perfons to Certain li-
               tobacco, or to deal in unmanufactured tobacco; and alfo licences to cenccs grant-perfons to keep afill or fills to rectify or compound and ftrong                             k
       waters \ Und al/o licences to                                          factors, and perfons not being , commitfionere
       and not being otberwife licenfed to fell fpi, felling foreign fpirits or of excife. home-made fpirits on commiffon; and alfo licences to perfons not being raaltfers felling malt on commiffon ; and alfo licences to perfons to keep a              malt-houfeand make malt for fale; and alfo licences to perfons to
       brew frong beer or        ale, or j.mall beer forfale; and alfo licences to per-
       fons to brew or make for falefweets or made wines; and alfo licences to , perfons to make for fale metheglin or mead; and alfo-licences to perfons to make vinegar for fale; and alfo licences to perfons to keep a tan-yard or tan-pity or to tan leathery or to drefs hides or fkins in oil; and alfo licences to perfons to make vellum or parchment; and alfo licences to ‘ perfons to manufacture paper hangings for fale; or to fell paper hangings ; and alfo licences to keep a millfor making ; and alfo licences to perfons to fell by auction; and alfo licences to perfons to make glafs bottlesy and other vcjfels and utenjtls of common bottle metal j /hall be granted and ijfued by the commiffontrs of Excife in Ireland, or by perfons to be appointed by thefaid commifftonerSy in manner in thefaid aCl mentioned: and it is by                 the faid recitedaCt further enaCiedy that licences An(j certljn
       to perfons to manufacture hats-, to fell coffee by retail, or to keep a other licence* coffee-houfe j to manufacture candles or foap for fale-, to fell tea                           by commit*
       series by retail; to fell or make for fale any gold or ftlver plate; to be f>°ner9 °f hawkers, pedlars, or petty-chapmen -, Jhatl be granted and ijfued by the 'tamPs* com niff oners of )lamp duties in Ireland, or by perfons to be appointed by the faid                     commiffsoners, in manner in the faid aCt mentioned: for the
       better regulating the granting of thefaid licences                         be it
       enabled by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the
                   Schedule (C.)
                 ALLOWANCES
             CAP. LII.
advice
         Original
MEW YORK PUBCICLI
      974 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. $2. [i8o£*
                   advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority Parties li- of the fame. That every perfon in Ireland required to take out a licence by virtue of the faid ad or this ad, to deal in, fell, make, of thar trade! or manufadure any of the articles, or to keep any of the things &c. on penalty or places herein mentioned, fhall caufe to be painted on a board of 5/.       with letters at all times publickly vifible and legible, at lead one
                   inch long, in white upon a black ground, or black upon a white ground, his or her name and furname refpedively, at full length, and after fuch names the words M licenfed to deal in,” or “ to fell,’* or “ to manufadure,” or w to brew,” or “ to make” any article or thing, or “to keep” any manufadory in the faid ad or this ad mentioned, as the cafe may require, fpecifying the article, thing, or manufactory which fuch perfon fhall by fuch licence be empowered to deal in, fell, manufacture, brew, make, or keep refpedively; and fuch perfon fhall alfo caufe the faid board to be affixed in fome confpicuous place on the outflde of the front of his or her houfe, (hop, or manufactory refpeCtively, not more than three feet from the top of the fhop door, or front or outfide door of fuch houfe or manufactory; and every fuch perfon fhall preferve and keep up the faid board fo painted during the continuance of fuch licence, or in default of affixing fuch board, or keeping fo affixed, every fuch perfon fhallvforfeit refpeCtively for every offence the fum of five pounds.
      Officer lhall II, And be it further enaCted, That it (hall not be lawful for
      not grant per- any 0fljcer Gf excife to grant to any perfon or perfons who is or mitsforarti- 3 . . „ , ®                        C...      f .             ,
      des to perfons are required to take out a Itcence for felling or keeping any goods
      not licenfed, or articles requiring a permit, any permit for the conveyance of on penalty of the fame out of the flock of fuch perfon, unlefs fuch perfon or ,o/*         perfons fhall have obtained or have in force a licence for that
                   purpofe; and if any officer of excife fhall grant any permit contrary hereto, he fhall for every fuch permit forfeit the fum of ten pounds. .
      Perfons forg- III. And be it further enaCled, That if any perfon fhall forge, ing licences alter, or counterfeit, or caufe to be forged, altered, or countcr-ihall be liable     any licence for any of the purpofes aforefaid, or required
      forgers of* ° by the faid recited act or this ad, or lhall produce or make ufc ftamp9 under of, or caufe to be produced or made ufe of, as a true licence, any 45 C. 5. c. 20. fuch forged, altered, or counterfeited licence, or any paper purporting to be a licence in force, and not adually being fuch licence in force, knowing the fame to be forged, altered, or counterfeited, or knowing the fame not to be a licence in force, fuch perfon lhall be liable to all the penalties and punifhments enaded againft any perfon forging anv type, mark, or damp to refemble any type, mark, or ftamp ufed by law for charging on vellum, parchment, or paper, any of the duties chargeable thereon by virtue of the faid recited ad of the prefent fefiion of parliament for granting ftamp duties in Ireland. \
   IV.    And be it further enaded, That no licence fhall be given by virtue of this or the faid recited ad to any perfon to brew llrong beer or ale or fnull beer for fale, unlefs fuch perfon fhall
                                                                                                                    have
Bond to be entered into by brewers before being
MEW
                                                                                                                                             Digitized by GO glC
 I
                                                  /•
  1805.] Anno regniquadragefimoquintoGfiORGii III. c. 52. 975
  have firft entered into a bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc- licenfed, to ceflors, in the fum of two hundred pounds, with two fufficient Aireties in the fum of one hundred pounds each, to be approved &c> of by the perfon ifluing fuch licence, conditioned that fuch brewer (hall from time to time return to the collector of the diftri£fc wherein his or her brewery (hall be carried on, as often as fuch brewer (hall be required thereto by fuch collector, a true account verified by oath of the quantities of flrong beer or ale fold by fuch brewer to any perfon licenfed to fell fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, ale, or cyder by retail, deducing thereout all fuch quantities thereof as may have been from time to time returned by • fuch perfon to whom the fame were fo fold, during the period mentioned in any fuch requifition; or in cafe fuch brewer fo licenfed to brew ftrong beer or ale (hall alfo be licenfed to fell fpirituous liquors by retail, then that fuch brewer will give a true account, verified by oath as aforefaid, and during fuch period as fuch brewer (hall be required in like manner, of the quantities of ftrong beer, ale, or porter fold by fuch brewer by retail, from time to time during the period Aated in fuch requifirion, and likewife of the quantities of fpirituous liquors fold by him or her by retail during the fame time; and alfo conditioned, that fuch perfon (hall not let out to hire or lend any brewhoufe, brewing-pan, or utenfil for brewing for the purpofe of brewing beer or ale, or fuller any other perfon to ufe his or her brewhoufe, or any brewing-pan, or other utenfil for brewing therein.
     V.    And be it further enatfed. That if any perfon licenfed to Penalty on brew ftrong beer or ale or fmall beer for fale, (hall let out to hire }f("ufeng0rreW" or lend any brewhoufe, brewing pan, or utenfil for brewing, for utenfils &c. the purpofe of brewing ftrong beer or ale, or (hall fuffer any other 10I. and brew-perfon to ufe his or her brewhoufe, or any brewing-pan, or other >ng vefleU utenfil for brewing therein, every fuch perfon fo letting out to hire, or lending or fuffering to be ufed any fuch brewhoufe, brew- ejther party ing-pan, or utenfil, and the perfon to whom the fame (hall be fo informing let out to hire or lent, or by whom the fame (hall be ufed, (hall (hall be m-refpedtively forfeit the fum of ten pounds; and every brewing-pan demnified. or other utenfil which (hall be fo let, lent, or ufed, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized ; and it (hall and may be lawful for the perfon or perfons fo letting to hire, or lending or fuffering to be ufed any brewhoufe, brewing-pan or utenfil, or for the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be let out to hire or lent, or who (hall make ufe of the fame (as the cafe may be), if fummoned as a witnefs on the part of the informer, (or if the perfon or perfons fo letting out to hire or lending fuch brewhoufe, brewing pan, or utenfil, or the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be fo let out or lent, or by whom the fame (hall be ufed, (hall be the informer or informers), to give evidence on the trial of any fuit upon any luch bond, or any information for any fuch penalty or forfeiture, and in cafe of judgement upon any fuch bond, or conviction upon any fuch information, the perfon or perfons fo giving evidence (hall be difeharged of and from the penalties by him or them incurred.
                                                    VI. And
                                                             
NEW YORK PL
       976 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georg 11 III. c. 52. [1805.
       Hawkers and VI. And be it further enafted, That no licence (hall be given pedlars ihall untjcr the faid recited a£t or this a£l to any perfon as a hawker, SddsTiictnfed Ped^ar* petty-chapman, or other trading perfon going from place give notice of to place in Ireland, and travelling either on foot, or with a horfe their bufinefs or other beaft of burthen, or otherwife carrying to fell or ex-to the perfon p0fing to fale any goods, wares, or merchandize, or to any travel-ficenfc^'who ° ling linker or carter of iron and metal, or to any perfon hawking ftall enter about tea or coffee for fale, unlefs fuch hawker, pedlar, or petty-fame with the chapman (hall at the time of applying for fuch licence, declare collector. to the perfon to whom fuch hawker, pedlar, or petty-chapman fhall apply, his or her name and furname, age, and place or places of abode, and alfo how and in what manner fuch hawker, pedlar, or petty-chapman intends to hawk, travel, and trade, whether on foot or with one horfe, or how many horfes or other beaft or hearts of burthen ; and the perfon granting fuch licence is hereby required to infert in fuch licence or to indorfe thereon the age, places of abode, and particular defeription of fuch hawker, pedlar, or petty-chapman to whom, and the date when fuch licence (hall be granted; for which entry or indorfeinent, or for granting of which licence, no fee fhall be demanded or taken, other than and except the ftamp-duty on fuch licence, and no fuch licence fhall be valid, or be deemed a licence within the meaning of this a£t, unlefs fuch indorfement thereon or entry therein fhall be refpedtively made in manner aforefaid; and the perfon fo granting fuch licence fhall once in every trfonth tranfmit to the collector of the diftruft, and to the commiffioners for managing the ftamp-duties refpedtively, an account of all fuch licences granted by him,
             . and a true copy of all the particulars fo inferted therein or indorfed thereon as aforefaid.
   VII.    And be it further enabled, That all goods, wares, and merchandizes, in refpeft whereof or of any of them any perfon or perfons is or are required to take out a licence, which fhall be carrying or carried about for fale, or fold or expofed to fale by any perfon who fhall not have a licence, or fhall not upon de-
£!£*£• mand of any juftice of the peace, or any officer of his Majefty’s icem.t, 401. revenue 0f excjfe or ftamps, produce a licence, fhall be forfeited, • and may be feized by any fuch juftice or officer; and if any hawker, pedlar, petty-chapman, or other perfon fhall not, upon demand made by any peace-officer or officers of the excife on ftamps, produce or fhew immediately unto fuch perfon fo demanding the fame his or her licence or licences for trading, every fuch hawker, pedlar, petty-chapman, or other perfon being duly convicted thereof, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of forty fhillings.
   VIII.   Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing in this a£l contained fhall extend to prohibit any perfon or perfons (other than and except travelling tinkers, carters of iron and metal), from carrying abroad, expofing to fale and felling any
 Goods carried or fold by hawkers without licence forfeited. Penalty on
 Not to prevent perfons (except tinkers, See) from felling
articlesoftheir goods or wares made or manufactured by him or her, or by his ture .manufac’ or her hufband or wife, or child, or apprentice or apprentices, ’              journeyman or journeymen, mafter or mirtrefs, at any publick
                                                                                                                                                  fair.
      Go glc
                                                                                                                                                                               -Il 3 • *• i i
      \i il
      7AO) Vlflo CWf/Ofll * fji
  1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo qninto Gf.orgii III. c. 52. 977
  fair, market, or elfewhere; nor to prevent any cooper, glazier, nor tinker?, plumber, tinker, or harnefs-maker from going about in order to exercile their proper trades, or from, carrying with him or them exerci c thcii' neceflary materials for exercifing the fame; nor to prohibit any trade; perfon or perfons from carrying about manufa&ured or unma- nor any p(r. nufadtured wool, woollen, or w'orfted goods, or from expofing fon felling' the fame to fale in any fair, market, or other place; nor to pro- wo°l °rwool-hibit or reftrain any perfon or perfons from felling or expbfing L'n 800 s* to falc in any place or places whatsoever any flax, tow, hemp, or n <x. flaxen yarn,- or thread, or any manufacture or article made in an<' ,Intn Ireland of flax or of cotton, or of both or either mixed or un-*’oCK'>‘ mixed ; fo as fuch perfon or perfons (hall 'not at the fame time carry or expofe to fale any other goods, wares, or merchandize, other than fuch as they are hereby allowed to carry and expofe to fale refpe&ively.                               •
    IX.    Provided alfo, and be it enaCted, That this aft, or any Aft fhall not thing' herein contained, fhall not extend or be conftrued to prejudice cor* extend to give any power for licenftng any hawker, pedlar, or Porauons* petty-chapman to fell or expofe to fale any wares or merchandize
  in any city, borough, town corporate, or market town lit Otherwife than fuch hawker, pedlar, or petty-chapman might have done before the making of thisadt; any thing herein contained to'the cotitfary notwithftanding*           , •        ,
  X.   And be it further enabled, That all perfons who fhpllcon- P<*fonstfdli,pg
  vey goods, wares, or merchandize, in refpeft whereof pedlars or petty-chsfjfmen would, under the proviftons of this act-or the faid owV'hmnes recited adi, -require totet* licenfed, and fell and expofe the fame in Sec, deemed (hops, rooms, waiehoufes, or other places in cities, town?, and hawker*, places where'they arenot ufuallyrelident; and alf perfons who -      > dor
  shall carry and convey fuch godds, 'Wares, or merchandize to puhlick flreets' and ^ISee&'i'nfoitlesv dtowns corporate,. -tuid» otKfer places in Ireland where they refpe<ftively refade, not adjoining to their dwelling-houfes or other apartments, and fell and expo'fe -il the fame to fale. upon flails, ftands, fheds, bobths, bulks, or other places; and all perfons under the denomination of leather-fellers 1 or leather-cutters, who hawk about from town to town, or-lell or expofe i.n cities or towns corporate, and in fairs, markets, or other places, any parcel or parcels of leather in booths*! flails, ftandings, or otherwife; and all perfons who fhall, in any place in Ireland, except in1 the cityor^DaW tit or within' five miles
  thereof, hawk abdut old clothes, or fell or expofe to. fale old clothes in any flail, fhed, booth, (hop, or other place,(.fhall be deemed hawkers^ pedlars, or pctty-chapmen within the proviftons of the faid recited adt and this adt; and (hall be fubjedt and liable to all and every the provifions, penalties, and> forfeitures refpedt-ing hawkers, pedlars, or pctty-chapmen, contained in the faid
  recited adt or this adt.
    XI.    And be it further enadted, That every hawker, pedl.tr, or Separate petty-chapman, who fhall fell or expofe to fale any gold.br filver hceiictsfor plate, fhall take out,'in manner aforbfaid, a feparate and diflindt and'foAv/ry licence for fo doing; and every hawker, pedlar, or petty-chapman fervant .»nJ
  \ Voj,.              %LV            3R                    fhail boric.

 V)|e

    
      978 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 52. [1805.
                  (halltake out a feparate and didinid licence for each, and every* perfon who (half be employed, whether fervant or other perfon, in company or otherwife, with fuch hawker, pedlar, or petty-chapman, to carry any boxes, bundles, or parcels of goods, wares, or merchandize, feparate or di(Vm& for the purpofes of felling or trading with the fame; and alfo that every hawker, pedlar, and petty-chapman fubjeft to a licence for an horfe or bead or beads of burthen, (hall take out and pay for a feparate and diftindi horfe-licence for each horfe or other bead of burthen; and every perfon, whether fervant or otherwife, for whom a feparate and didincd foot-licence (hall not be taken out in manner aforefaid ; and every hawker, pedlar, or petty-cbapman who (hall not take out a feparate licence for felling or expofing to fale gold or filver plate, or a feparate horfe-licence, with fuch damp thereon as is required, for each and every horfe or bead of burthen which he or (he dial! make ufe of or drive, (hall be fubjetd and liable to all and every the penalties and forfeitures by this a& inflicted upon hawkers, pedlars, and petty-chapmen, and others trading without licence.. >
    XII.    Provided always, and be it enacted, That no perfon who (hall carry about any pots or griddles made of cad iron or cad metal, or (hall expofc the fame to fale in any fair, market, or
duty though otber plade, (fo as fuch perfon (hall not at the fame time carry having more ©r expofc to fale other goods, wares, or merchandife, than fuch pots and griddles), (’hall be fubjeft, for his or her licence, to a greater or higher damp-duty than forty, (hillings, though fuch perfon or perfons (hall or may travel wj|h one or more horfe or horfes or other bead or beads of burthen. 2 •             . t
    XIII. And be it further enabled, That no more goods, wares,
----  ...   or merchandife (ball* by. virtue of this a&, be hawked about for
hundred ° as aioxefaid, than one. hundred weight for each foot-licence,
      weight, and nor than eight hundred weight , for each, horfe or other bead of a horfe li- burthdn licence, any thing herein contained to. the contrary not-eight withdandiiig ; and that if any perfon (hall refpe&ively carry or weight      caufe to be carried more than the foregoing refpe«3ive weights,
fuch perfon (hall forfeit for each hundred weight exceeding the above the fum of twenty-eight (hillings, and fo in proportion for any lpfler quantity. •>
  XIV.      And be it further enabled, That if any licence to any hawker, pedlar, petty-chapman, or other trading perfon (hall be. lent to any perfon, or ufed by any perfon other than the perfon to whom the fame (hall be granted, fuch licence from thenceforth (hall be void and.of no effe&, and all goods, wares, and merchandife found in the poflelfion of the perfon uflng the fame (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any judice of the peace or any' officer of excife or damps.
  XV.                       And whereas it is by the faid recited a£i of the prefent feffion
of parliament enabled, that any perfon or perfons who fhall exercife,
] or follow any trade, bufinefs, , or other callings on the licence for ufing, exercifing, or following whereof a                      is ,
without having previoufly taken out fuch      , /ball forfeit and pay
                                                                                                                 tbe
 Travellers with metal goods liable only to 40.1.
 than 0 horfe.
 , ibHW
 Each foot licence fhall
 Penalty on lending licence, forfeiture of licence and goods.
/ "1
 Digitize!
   

 I
 :
       1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 52. 979
       the fum of one hundred pounds : and whereas the /aid forfeiture may in
       many  injlances be too great; be it enadted, That it (hall be lawful Penalty on
       for any juftice of the peace before whom any perfon (hall be un''ye»fcd convidted, upon the view of fuch juftice, or by the information ^mitigated of any one credible witnefs upon oath, to fine fuch perfon fo by one juftice offending in any fum not exceeding ten pounds nor lefs than five to 10/. pounds, and to levy the fame, in cafe of non-payment thereof, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender: provided always, that no adtion, bill, plaint, or information for the faid offence (hall be depending at the time; and provided alfo, that after any fuch adjudication by a juftice of the peace, no adtion, bill, plaint, or information (hall be brought for the faid offence.
          XVI.    And be it further enabled, That every licence to any Licenceto
       perfon to fell fpirits in quantities not lefs than two gallons, (hall wholefale be granted in like manner as licences to fadtors, or perfons not            **
       being diftillers, felling fpirits on commiflion; provided that no P
       fuch licence (hall be granted, unlefs the perfon or perfons applying for the fame (hall have entered into fecurity by bond to his Majefty, his' heirs and fucceffors, in the fum of five hundred pounds, with two fureties in the fum of two hundred and fifty pounds each, approved of by the perfon iftuing fuch licence, and which bond the perfon iftuing fuch licence is hereby empowered to take for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and iucceftbrs, that fiich perfon fo to be licenfed (hall not knowingly receive or fefl, or permit to he received or fold for his or her ufe- or benefit, any fpirits which (hall not have paid the full duties chargeable thereoh, or knowingly fell or deliver any fpirits to any perfon felling fpirits by retail, unlefs fuch perfon (hall be duly licenfed thereto.
          XVII.   And be it further enadted, That all and every the fines; Penalties, Sec.
       penalties, and forfeitures* infl idled by this adt (hall be paid and payable in recovered in Briiifh currency, and (hall and may be fued for, recovered, levied, and applied in fuch manner and form, and by recovered as fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and authorities as                ijC.s.
       are preferibod, diredted, and appointed in and by an adt of parlia- c-8- w‘th like ment made-in Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of fhe           °r‘by
       reign of tm-late Majefty Charles the Second, intituled. An aft a„y othcr re-ihc fettling of the excife or new impofl upon his Mayfly, his heirs and venue aCt. ficceffort, according to the book of rates therein infer ted, or by any
       other law or laws in force in Ireland relative to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, as fully and effectually, to all intents, conftruc-tions, and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expreffed and re-enadted in this act; with like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties who (hall think him, her,
       'or themfelves aggrieved or injured, as fh and by the faid adt of excife or any law or laws relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife is provided.
          XVIII.      Provided always, and be it enadted, That it (hall and Penalties not may be lawful to and for any one juftice of the peace within his exceeding 10/. jurifdidtion, where any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture not exceed- ^ed^^orc” ing ten pounds (hall be incurred under this adt, to hear and deter- one juftice. mine the fame, and to convidt the party offending on his or her
                                       3 r 2                              own

                                                             
UB
                                               #
                                             9B0 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 52. £1805.
                  own confeflion, or on the oath of any one credible witnefs; and in all fuch cafes one moiety of the penalty or forfeiture fhall be paid to the informer and the other moiety to the poor of the parifh in which the offence fhall have been committed or the con-vision made, at the direction of the juftice; and fuch juftice of the peace is hereby authorifed and required, upon information Inade on oath in that behalf within three months after the offence committed, to fommon the party accufed, and affo the witnefs or witneffes upon either fule, and if, upon the confeffion of the party accufed, . or examination of the witnefs or witneffes on oath, which fuch juftice is hereby empowered toadminiftcr, fuch party fhall be convicted of the offence alleged againft him, then it fhali c • -    be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby required to award and
                  iffue out a warrant under his hand and feal to any conftable of the county for levying the penalty or forfeiture incurred on the goods of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof, in cafe the fame fhall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any), after deducing the expence of fuch fale; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, it fhall be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby required to commit fuch offender to gaol for any time not exceeding three months, or until fuch penalty or forfeiture fhall be paid; and if any perfon (hall find himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by .the judgement of the faid juftice,
       1          then fuch perfon fhall and may complain or appeal to the juftices
                  of the peace at the then next general quarter feffions for the county ; and fuch juftices are hereby empowered to fummon and examine witnefles upon oath,. And finally to hear and determine the complaint or appeal; and in cafe the conviction of the party n. v (hall be affirmed, fqch-juftipes fhall iffue. warrants for levying the penalty or forfeiture as aforefaid, and alfo for levying of the goods o( tfie appellants fuch firm,, not exceeding forty fhillings, as the faid juftices fhall appoint for the cofts of fuch appeal, to he Penalties -' * paid to the ipforqierj. and where any fuch pecuniary penalty or raoovmd at forfeiture fhall exceed the fum of ten pounds, the fame may be fuits of any fued for and recovered by any perfon who fhall fue fot, the fame perfon. by aSion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, or-by civil bill, in any of the courts of record in , or at the quarter feffion of the juftices of the peace or at the aftizes in any county, or county of a town, or citv, in Irela and it fhall be lawful for the court before whom any fuch penalty fhall be recovered to order the offender to be committed to gaol, there to remain for any time in the difcretion of fuch court, or until fuch fine or forfeiture be fully paid and fatisfied.                                  »     . •
     of°ufticc8not XIX. And be it further enaCted, That no conviction made or remov.ihieby alleged to be made by any juftice of the peace, nor any proceed-ccrtiorari. ing before fuch juftice, or before any juftices of the peace at the quarter feffions, nor any fentence or order given or made, or alleged to be given or made, by any fuch juftice or juftices under or by virtue of this aCt, lhall be removed by writ of certiorari out of the county, city, town, pr place wherein fuch conviction or proceeding fhall have been had or made, into any
                                                                                                                    cpuxt
   
K, i 805.] Anno regni qnadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55. 981
    court whatfoever ; and that no writ of               (hall  fupcrfede
                                                            execution or other proceedings upon fuch convidlion, order, or 1' fentence fo made or given in pursuance of this a<Sf, but that execution and other proceedings (hall be had and made thereupon) j any fuch writ of certiorari or allowance thereof notwithftanding.
 !                                  CAP.     Llil.
    utn ail for the collection of the malt duties in Ireland, and regulating I               the trade of     amaltjler.—[June 27, 1805.]
    FOR the better collecting and fecuring his Majejlf s revenue payable upon malt made in Ireland, be it enacted by1 the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tempbral, and commons, in this prefent -parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Maltfters or every perfon keeping any malthoufe, and making malt for fale, j| and every brewer or diftiller making malt in          , (hall yearly, ["ke'out li*-
 jl before fuch perfon (hall commence making malt, take out a licence cencea. r duly damped according to law for fo doing from the commiflion-; I ers of inland excife in Ireland, or fome perfon or perfons appointed s] by fuch commiffioners for that purpofe, for each and every ciftern ij or kiln in each and every malthoufe which fuch perfon (hall have or keep, which licence (hall be in force until the twenty-ninth day of September next after the date thereof; and that every per. fon making malt for fale, and every brewer and diftiller making malt without having taken out fuch licence, or without having a licence for that purpofe of force, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as is provided by an a<ft, made in the prefent feflion of parliament, intituled. An ad for granting to his Majejly certain Jiamp- 4 G. 3. e. 51. duties in Ireland.
      II.       Provided always, and be it enabled, That perfons in part- One licence (I nerlhip, carrying on the bufmefs of making malt, (hall not be extended to , obliged to take out more than one fuch licence for the fame onlyToVhe11* £l malthoufe, ciftern, or kiln, and that no licence (hall authorife or place men-empower any perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be rioned in the granted to make malt in any other malthoufe or place than the liecnee. malthoufe or place which (hall be deferibed in fuch licence.
      III.    And be it further ena<fted, That every perfon requiring Maltfter (hall any fuch licence (hall, before fuch licence (hall be granted, make makereuim out, fign, and deliver a return or account in writing to the col- °oufe"dftem le&or of the difti idl in which the malthoufe of fuch perfon (hall ^in, and * be fituated, fpecifying and deferibing therein the name and place other utenfils, of abode of fuch perfon, and the place where fuch malthoufe is befc>!;c obtain-fituated, and alfo the feveral fteeps, cifterns, couch frames, uting ,ng ll(-cnce* vats, and other veffels and utenfils in fuch malthoufe, and the kiln or kilns therein, and the feveral floors belonging to fuch malthoufe, with the number of fquare feet contained in each and every floor or kiln in fuch malthoufe, and the number of cubic feet contained in each fteep, ciftern, couch frame, uting vat, or
 !’\other veffel or utenlil for malting corn, and the quantity of barley which each fuch fteep, ciftern, couch frame, uting vat, or
                                                                                                                            other
)
      
 Penalty on floor exceeding dimensions returned.
 malthoufe, ciftern, grow, ing floor, kiln floor, and couch frame.
                                            982 Anno regni quadragefinio quinto Georgii III. c. 53. [1805.
             other veflel or utenfil (hall be capable of containing, and alfo the feveral malt and other (lores, and the lofts and rooms therein, belonging to fuch perfon; and every fuch perfon (hall caufe to be painted with oil colour in black upon a white or light* coloured ground, or in white upon a black or dark ground, on the outiide of the door of every fuch (lore or other place wherein malt (hall be kept or (lored, in legible letters and figures, at lead three inches in length, the words, “ Malt Store,” and the number thereof, beginning with number one; and every collector who (hall receive fuch return or account (hall regifter the fame, without fee or reward, in a book to be by him kept for that purpofe; and if any malt, exceeding tw/> barrels, fhall be found in any (lore, or in any loft or room therein, upon the door of which fuch letters and figures as aforefaid (lull not be 'and remain fo painted and legible as aforefaid, the perfon or perfons in whofe llore, loft, or room the fame (hall be found (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds.
                IV.                And be it further enabled, That if the dimenfions of any floor in any malthoufe of which fuch return or account (hall have been fo made as aforefaid, (hall exceed “by eighty fquare feet the number of fquare feet which fhall have been mentioned in fuch return or account as being the dimenfions of fuch floor, the maltfter or perfon who (hall have made fuch return (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds, and a new and correct return fhall be forthwith given by fuch maltfter or other perfon. Proportionate V. And be it further enacted, That no licence" (hall be dimenfions of granted to any maltfter or maker of malt for fale, brewer, or diftiller, to make malt in any malthoufe which fhall contain more than one deep or ciftern for the Keeping or wetting of * corn, or the growing, working, or drying floor or floors in which (hall not contain two thoufand fix hundred fquare feet in the whole at the lead, or the kiln floor or floors in which (hall not contain three hundred and twenty-four fquare feet in the whole at lead; nor unlefs the deep or ciftern in any fuch malt-houfe in             Dublin, or any other place in      , where the malt- |
             fter is under this a<Sl to be charged with fixty-four barrels of1 malt in the year for every one hundred fquare feet of growing, working, or drying floor, (hall be of dimenfions fufficient to contain not Ids than four bulhels and a half of barley at the lead, for every one hundred fquare feet of growing, working, or drying floor or floors in fuch malthoufe; nor unlefs the deep or ciftern in fuch malthoufe, if in any other place in (hall be of dimenfions fufficient to contain not lefs than four bufhels of barley at the lead for every one hundred fuch fquare feet; nor (hall any licence be granted to make malt in any malthoufe, unlefs there fhall be a fquare couch frame for every deep or ciftern therein, of the depth of two feet at the lead, and not more than three feet, and capable of receiving the fame quantity of grain as the deep or ciftern to which it belongs, and no more; nor unlefs fuch couch frame fhall be conftrudled of materials of fuch ftrength as (hall be fufficient to preferve the
                                                                                                               dime a-
 Go gle
NE
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 53.          983
 dimenftons of fuch couch frame when charged with grain; nor unlefs fuch couch frame, or fuch part thereof as (hall be con-ftru&ed of wood (hail be of the fubftance of one inch at leaft in thicknefs, and braced on the outfide at every three feet in length with a ledge of wood fix inches in breadth, and one inch thick at the leaft; nor unlefs fuch couch frame (hall be eredled, fixed, and fecured in fuch manner, as that the officers of excife may take an area thereof; and if any licence (hall be granted to any perfon to make malt in any malthoufe contrary to the aforefaid regulations, fuch licence is hereby declaied to be null and void, and every perfon making malt in fuch malthoufe (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds: provided always, that in all cafes where Kiln floors for the floor of the kiln of any malthoufe (hall be covered with iron malt to be wire or iron plates, for the purpofe of making or preparing malt !lfed ,nmak* for brewing porter, a licence may be granted to make maltin^ C * therein, although it (hall not contain a number of fquare feet of kiln floor after the rate aforefaid, in cafe it (hall appear to the fatisfadhon of the (aid commiflioners of excife, that the malt to be made therein is to be ufed in brewing porter, and not other-wife: provided alfo, that it (hall be lawful for the faid commif- Licence for fioners of excife to grant a licence to any perfon to make malt fmaller malt-in any malthoufe which may have been eredted previous to the “ou'ei* palling of this adt, the growing, working, or drying floors in which (hall contain lefs than two thoufand fix hundred fquare feet, and not lefs than one thoufand fquare feet, .and the kiln   *
 floor or floors of which (hall be in the foregoing proportion to the working or drying floor therein, that is to fay, in the proportion of three hundred and twenty-four to two thoufand fix hundred, and to grant a licence for more than one ciftern in any malthoufe which (hall contain upwards of two thoufand fix hundred fquare feet of growing or drying floors, in cafe it (hall (eem expedient to the faid commiflioners fo to do, upon fpecial application made, and fufficient reafon afligned to them for fuch purpofes refpeclively.
    VI.    And be it further enadled. That no licence (hall be Perfon* to granted to any perfon or perfons for making of malt, unlefs the fnteT *nto perfon or perfons requiring the fame (hall, with two fufficient bon fureties, have entered into a bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in a penalty oftwenty-five pounds for everyone hundred
 feet fquare contained in the working and drying floor or floors in each and every malthoufe to be kept by fuch perfon or perfons, conditioned that fuch perfon or perfons (hall duly pay all duties for all fuch quantities of malt as fuch perfon or perfons (hall make in his, her, or their refpedlive malthoufes; and alfo for all fuch quantities of malt as by law fuch perfon or perfons is or are or mall be chargeable with during the time fuch licence fhall be of force.
    VII.    And be it further ena&ed, That this a&, and all regu- Minors made lations therein contained, (hall extend and be conftrued tohable. extend to any perfon under the age of twenty-one years, in
 whofc name or for whofe ufe or benefit any malthoufe fhall be
                                                    managed
                                                                         Original froth V YORK PUBLIC UBTORY
. Go gle
 I
 Penalty on taking out . licence for maltboufe not iHed bypnrty licenfed.
 Commifiion-
  984 Annoregni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 53. [1805.
     x        managed or carried on, and fuch perfon (hall be liable to all
              duties of excife on account of fuch malthoufe, and to all penalties and forfeitures under this aft, as fully to all intents and purpofes as if fuch perfon were adult and of full pge.
                VIII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon or perfons fhall take out a licence.for any malthoufe in which the trade of a maltfter (hall not, during the continuance of fuch licence, be carried on in the name or names, and for the benefit and advantage of fuch perfon or perfons, fuch licence fhall be void, and the perfon or perfons to whom fuch licence (hall be granted, and every perfon interefted in the profit of fuch malthoufe, fhall refpe£tively forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.
  -------- IX. And be it further ena£led. That it fhall and may be
• *rs -vrefufe lawful for the faid commiflioners of excife, in their diferetion, IkcnctB C t0 refuk 10 grant any licence to any perfon or perfons to make rfialt, and all'o to withdraw any fuch licence in cafe fuch perfon •             fo licenfed fhall have been convi<5led of anv fraud or offence
              againft the laws which fhall fubjeft fuch perfon to a penalty of twenty pounds or upwards; and it fhall and may alfo be lawful for fuch commiflioners of excife to refufe to grant a licence to '         any perfon to make malt in any malthoufe which fhall have been
              fo occupied by any perfon fo convicted : provided always, that every refufal be laid before the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer of Ireland, and by them, or any three of them, approved and confirmed.
                X.    And be it further ena&ed. That if any maltfter or maker of malt fhall have or keep or make ufe of any fteep, ciftern, uting vat, utenfil, or other .veflel, for the wetting or fteeping of corn or grain to be made into malt, or any couch frame, or any growing or working floor, or any kiln, floor, room, or other place for making or keeping of malt, or keeping of corn or grain making into malt, not fet forth, or in any other place
          , than fhall be fet forth in the account by this a£t required to be made and deliveied by any fuch maltfter or maker of malt, Notice to offi-or fhall alter or enlarge fuch fteep, ciftern, uting vat, utenfil, eerofenlarg- or other veflel, or any couch frame, floor, kiln, room, or other place, without having given fix days notice in writing to the collector or other fuperior officer of the diftrift, and to the Purveyor and gauger in charge of the malthoufe, and without an account thereof being made and delivered in manner aforefaid, every fuch maltfter or maker of malt fhall for every fuch fteep, ciftern, uting vat, utenfil, or other veflel, couch frame, floor, kiln, room, or other place, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.
                XI.     And be it further enacted. That if any corn or grain making into malt, or any corn or grain fteeping or wetted, fhall be found in any place whatfoever not licenfed or regiftered purfuant to the provifions of this a£t, or if ^ny corn or grain fhall be found fteeping or fteeped in any place except in fome ciftern or uting vat in any malthoufe licenfed or regiftered under this a<ft, or if any corn or grain fhall be wetfed or fprinkled with water in the coucff frame or on the floor, all fuch corn or
                                                                                                                grain,
  Penalty on
  perfons having ciftern?, &c. not regif-' tered.
 in# ciftern?, Joins, iic.
 Corn malting found in un-licenfed places foi (cited.
Go gle
 i
 .
 I
 «
 !|
 ■I
 i,
 8
 »
 <
 i
 i
 s
 I
 I
 I
 ft}
  1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 53. 983
  grain, together with any veflels or packages in which fuch corn or grain may be found, (hall be forfeited, and the perfon or perfons in whofe pofleffion the fame (hall be found (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings for every bufhel of fuch corn or grain.
     XII.    And be it further enadled, That it fhall and may be Officers em-lawful for any officer of excife, at all times, as well by night as powered to
  by day, to enter into every houfe, maltinghoufe, kiln, ftore, ofmaltltrra^ mill, and other place whatfoever, of or belonging to or made ufe an(j take of by any maltfter or maker of malt for fale, or by any perfon account*, dealing in corn or malt as a factor or otherwife, or by any common brewer, diftiller, or vinegar-maker, making or ufing malt, or by any other perfon making malt, whofe malthoufe (hall have been licenfed or regifterfcd as herein is dire&ed, or by x any publick miller grinding malt, and to guage, ^meafure, weigh, or otherwife take ah account of all malt, and of all deeps, cifterns, uting vats, utenfils, or other veflels for wetting or Keeping corn or grain for making malt, and of all fuch corn or grain which (hall be found wetting or deeping, or fhall have been wetted or fteeped, as (hall be in any fuch houfe, malthoufe, kiln, (lore, mill, or other place whatfoever, and to make returns thereof in manner herein-after mentioned.
     XIII.    And be it further enadled, That if any officer of excife. Penalty on Or his affiflants, (hall be hindered, obftrudled, or prevented by maltftersor any maltfter or by any other perfon making or having malt in obltrua^ne”* his or her pofleffion, whether for fale or for private ufe, or by officers, any fervant or perfon adting in the employment of fuch maltfter, or fuch other perfon from entering into any houfe, malthoufe, kiln, ftore, mill, or other place whatfoever; or if any
  fuch officer or his afliftants, having entered, (hall be hindered, obftru&ed, or prevented by fuch maltfter or other perfon, v or by any fervant or perfon, acting in the employment of fuch maltfter or other perfon, from meafuring, computing, ortaking an account of fuch malt, or from gauging any fteep, ciftern, uting vat, utenfll, or other veflel, or from gauging and taking an account of all corn or grain in any fuch fteep, ciftern, uting vat, utenfil, or other veflel, or which (hail have been fteeped or 1 wetted, and (hall be on any floor or other place, or from doing any part of his duty in the execution of this aeft or of any other a& which may be in force in Ireland refpedting maltfters and             ,
  makers of malt, or perfons having malt in their pofleffion, every fuch maltfter, or every fuch other perfon making or having malt in his pofleffion, (hall for every fuch offence refpedlively forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.
     XIV.  And be it further enadled. That there (hall be kept Fumifliin|» .
  conftantly fixed in the malthoufe of every maltfter or maker of °®‘jcr malt, ftairs or fteps to every floor, loft, or other place, belong- “
  ing to every fuch malthoufe which (hall be ufeckfor keeping 0
  malt, or corn or grain making into malt, fufficient to enable any officer of excife who (hall enter fuch malthoufe, at all times, to have convenient and eafy acccfs to the (cvcral lofts, ftores,
                                                         floors.-
          1   *                    f                          #
     • Go gle                      .     %                           n6Wy0;»
Digitize
$86 Anno
 Providing a l ake or feraper to level corn in the couch frame.
 Tumifhing ihovtls and perfons to level malt.
 Officers entitled to pio-duce of feiz-ures, deducing duty.
 Officers taking bribes de« claied guilty ofmifde-jueanors.
 regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 53. [1805.
 floors, and other places belonging to every fuch malthoufe; and every fuch officer fhall on demand at fuch malthoufe be furnifhed with lights lufficient to enable him to view, guage, and take an account of all malt and corn, or grain making into malt in fuch malthoufe, and in every floor, loft, (tore, or other place therein § and for every ncglcCt or default in Cither of the faid cafes, fuch maltfler or maker of malt (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds.
   XV.     And be it further enaCted, That there fhall be kept in the malthoufe of every maltfler or maker of malt, convenient to the couch frame therein, a rake or feraper, to be provided at the expence of fuch maltfler or maker of malt, fufficient to Ifvel the corn or grain therein, in order to enable the officer to guage the fame accurately; and if any officer of excife fhall not on demand be furnifhed with fuch rake or feraper, fuch maltfler or makeitof malt fhall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of ten pounds.
   XVI.     And be it further enabled. That if any maltfler or maker of malt, or any factor or dealer in malt, fhall refute or negleCt to furnifh any officer of excife, on demand made by fuch officer, with a fufficient number of perfons provided with fhovels or other fufficient inftruments for levelling all malt to be gauged by fuch officer, or fhall negle£t or refufe to caufe fuch perfons to level the fame, and to leave fufficient head room or fpace between the cieling or roof of any ftore or room, and the furface of the malt therein, fo as to enable fuch officer to take a corre£ guage thereof with convenience, every fuch maltfler or maker of malt, or factor or dealer in malt, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds and a further fum of ten pounds for every hour during which fuch malt fhall continue fo unlevelled.
   XVII.     And be it further ena£ted, That none of the monies arifing by the fale of any malt, or of corn or grain making into malt, and of the facks in which the fame fhall or may be contained, which, by any of the provifions of this aCt, fhaH be forfeited, fhall be given to any other perfon or perfons than to the officers refpectivcly who fhall feize the fame, deducting the duty chargeable thereon ; any thing herein Contained to the contrary notwithftanding.
   XVIII.     And be it further enaCted, That if any officer of excife in Ireland fhall, directly or indireCtly, afk, take, or receive any bribe, gratuity, recompence, or reward, for the ncgleCt or non-performance of his duty under this a£t, every fuch officer fo offending fhall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a mifde-meanor, and fuch officer fhall and may be indicated for fuch offence either at the affizes or quarter feffions, held in the county in which fuch offence fhall be commirted, and in cafe any indictment fhall be found at fuch affizes or quarter feflions againft fuch officer, he fhall plead thereto, without having time to traverfe the fame; and it fhall be lawful for the court before whom fuch officer fhall be tried and convicted, to infiiCt fuch punifhment on fuch officer as may by the laws and ffatutes in
                                                                                                              fotce
Go gle
 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. c.53. , 987
 force in Ireland, be inflidled on perfons guilty of misdemeanors; and fuch officer fo convidled (hall thenceforth be incapable of holding any office or employment whatfoever, civil or military, under his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or under any authority derived from his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors.
    XIX.     And be it further ena£ted, That every maltfter or Maltfter* (hall maker of malt for fale, and every brewer or diftiller making give notice malt in Ireland,(hall, before commencing to work in any malt- to officer8. houfe, by wetting or fteeping any corn or grain, or otherwife, orTeconi-' S in any year, and fo in like manner before recommencing to work mencing after any difeontinuance in fuch year as herein-after mentioned, work.
 give fix days notice in writing to the collector of the diftrilt, and to the Surveyor and gauger in charge of the malt-houfe of fuch maltfter or maker of malt, Setting forth the day and hour when fuch maltfter or maker of malt intends to commence or recommence fo to work as is herein-after mentioned; and any fuch maltfter or maker of malt, who (hall make any corn or grain into malt, or (hall wet or fteep any corn or grain for making the fame into malt, or (hall have any corn or grain in procefs of making into malt, without having given fuch re-fpeifive notices in manner herein-after mentioned, (hall for each fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds.
    XX.      And be it further enadled, That no other day (hall be When malt-mentioned in any fuch notice than the twenty-fixth day of fome jjers (hall month in the year, fave and except only in the month of be6lntowor** tembery of which month the thirtieth day only (hall be mentioned in any fuch notice, and that no maltfter or maker of
 malt (hall commence or recommence working except on fuch twenty-fixth or thirtieth days refpedtively; and that every malt-houfe (hall be prefumed to be kept regularly at work from the day mentioned in any notice fo to be given by any maltfter or maker of malt, for the commencing or recommencing to work, until fuch working (hall be discontinued in manner herein-after mentioned; that is to fay, every fuch maltfter or maker of malt may from time to time discontinue working on giving a notice in writing of his intention fo to difeontinue working to the collector of the diftridf, and to the furveyor and gauger in charge of the malthoufe of fuch maltfter or maker of malt fix days at the lead previous to the day mentioned therein for fo discontinuing to work: provided always, that the day mentioned in fuch notice for fo discontinuing or ceafing to work (hall be the twenty-fifth day of fome month in the year, and (hall not be lefs than two calendar months diftant from the day mentioned in the notice given by fuch maltfter or maker of malt for commencing to work in manner aforefaid (except the day mentioned in fuch notice (hall be the twenty-fifth day of            ,
 in which cafe notice thereof from the twenty-ninth day of September (hall be deemed Sufficient notice), and not lefs than one calendar month diftant from the day mentioned in any notice, for recommencing to work in manner aforefaid ; and any notice • which (hall be given contrary to the diredlions herein-before
                                                         mentioned
  
;UB
 Amount of
 988 Annoregniquadragefimoquinto Georgii IIl.c. 53. [1803.
            mentioned and fpecified, {hall be and is hereby declared to be null and void.
 After notice XXI. And be it further enacted, That at the time fpecified'in smce b° muTlt* any n0,'ce difcontinuance, it fhall and may be lawful for fler\he officer any exc‘^e °ffic€r 'n charge of the malthoufe of fuch maltfter ihall attend to or maker of malt, and he is hereby required to go to the faid fee that work- maltboufc, and there to fearch and fee whether the working of ingirs dilcon- ma^^ou^e's difeontinued in purfuance of fuch notice; and if fuch officer (hall be prevented from fo doing by any perfon at fuch malthoufe, or in confequence of the malthoufe being locked, and no perfon appearing to give entrance to fuch officer, or otherwife, or if at any time after the day mentioned in fuch notice of difcontinuance, and before the day mentioned in any notice for recommencing to work, any corn or grain lhall be found wetted or ftceped in fuch malthoufe, or in the procefs of being made into malt (except under the provifo berein-after mentioned), fuch maltfter fhall continue to be charged with and pay duty as if he hdd not given' any notice of dilcontinu-ance; and fuch notice of difcontinuance fhall be deemed void ami of no effetft.
 XXII.                And be it further enabled. That every fuch maltfter >early charge or maker of malt, (hall, between the twenty-ninth day of for ever^ioo Septemberin every year, and the twenty-ninth day of September fquare feet of following, during the continuance of the licence of fuch maltdrying floors. fter or maker of malt, be charged with and pay duty of excife
            for a quantity of malt, after the rate of a certain number of barrels of malt foe every one hundred feet fquare of working or drying floor or floors which fhall be contained in each malthoufe in which fuch maltfter or maker of malt {hall be licenfed to make malt; that is to fay, every maltfler or maker of malt whofe malthoufe {hall be fituate in the city of  , or within
            the circular road furrounding the faid city, and within the diftri& of the metropolis, or within the cities of ,            , or
            Limericky or within the liberties of any of the faid cities, or in the town of Belfaft, or within one mile thereof, or of the publick lamps therein, fliall in refpedf of fuch malthoufe, be charged within fuch period after the rate of fixty-four barrels of malt for every one hundred fuch fquare feet; and every maltfter or maker of malt, whofe malthoufe {hall be fttuate in any other place in Ireland fhall, in refpctft of fuch malthoufe, be charged within fuch period after the rate of forty-eight barrels of malt for every one hundred fuch fquare feet, and fo in proportion for any greater number of fquare feet; and alfo for as much more malt as fuch maltfter or maker of malt {hall actually make within the faid period.
  XXIII.     And be it further enabled, That the charge of fuch yearly duty of fixty-four barrels and forty-eight barrels refpec-tively, fhall be made in manner following; that is to fay, every fuch maltfler or maker of malt (hall be charged for not lefs than eight calendar months in every year, and for every fuch calendar month fuch maltfter or maker of malt fhall be charged with and
                                                                                                               pay
 Charge of
 duty by monthly iciuma.
 Digitiz
 
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii 111. c. 53.             9S9
 pay duty for eight barrels of malt or fix barrels of malt refpec-tively, being one eighth part of the faid refpedtive quantities of fixty-four barrels of malt and forty-eight barrels of malt as aforefaid, for every one hundred fquare feet of fuch working or drying floor or floors, and fo in proportion for any greater number of fquare feet; and every maltfter or maker of malt,
 (hall, over and above the refpedlive quantities aforefaid, be alfo charged with and pay duty for as much more malt as could be produced, after the rates in this act mentioned, from any com or grain actually wetted by fuch maltfter or maker of malt within every fuch period of one calendar month, and the fur-veyor or guager in charge of the malthoufe. of any fuch maltfter or maker of malt, fhall, within ten days after the expiration of the firft period of one calendar month next after the day mentioned in any notice for the commencing or recommencement of the wprking of any malthoufe in manner dire£ted by this acf, and lo in like manner within ten days after the expiration of every othjjr or fubfequent period of one calendar month while fuch malthoufe fhall continue working, or fhall be prefumed'to continue working, or fhall be chargeable as continuing to work, make a return to the .collector of the diftricb of the quantities of malt with which fuch maltfter or maker of malt is hfcreby ’ chargeable for fuch period of one calendar month, and of the duties, thereon, and alfo of fuch further quantity of malt as migbt be produced after the rates in this a£t mentioned, from any corn or grain aftually wetted by fuch maltfter in fuch period of one calendar month, and of the duty thereon; and every fuch officer fhall and he is hereby required to leave a true copy of fuch return.in writing undeT his hand with every fuch maltfter or maker of malt,, or at fuch malthoufe, upon pain of forfeiting twenty pounds for .every .negleft or omiffion in fo doing, and fuch return of fuch .officer fhall be a charge upon every fuch maltfter or makecraf malt for fuch,calendar month; and fuch maltfter or maker of malffhall pay the' duty appearing by fuch return and charge to have become due and payable, within thirty-one days after the'end-of the month for. which . fuch return and charge fhall have been made, unlefs fuch.malt (hall be fooner removed from the malthoufe or place where the fame (hall have been made or kept, in which cafe the laid duties fhall be paid for all fuch malt as fhall be intended to be removed, before any permit for removing, carrying, or-conveying the          -
 fame fhall be granted ; and every maltfter or maker of malt fhall  ' "
 for every default in payment of any fuch duty, forfeit twenty pounds together with a fum equal to double the amount of the .> duty fo returned and charged : provided always, that the time           ’
 between the twenty-ninth day of September and the twenty-fifth day of Oflober fhall be deemed a calendar month within the meaning of this adt.
    XXIV.   And be it further cnadled. That every fuch maltfter Monthly re*
 or maker of malt, fhall, under the proper hand of. fuch maltfter turns and
                                                               payments bf maltttera.
■.qtv
ui
 •r -
l*#J;
 w|K.J
  V
   
 990
 No malt to be removed before ment 01
 In cafe of difpute officer (hall verify
                                                   Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 53. {1805.
     or maker of malt, or under the proper hand of fome perfon for whom fuch maltfter or maker of malt (hall berefponfible, within ten days after the expiration of every fuch month, at the excife office of the diftridl in which the malthoufe of fuch maltfter or maker of malt (hall be fituate, make true entry of the quantity of malt for which fuch maltfter or maker of malt is under this adl chargeable with duty for the month next preceding, and (hall within twenty-one days next after making fuch entry, pay and clear off the whole of the duty payable for fuch quantity of malt, upon pain of forfeiting twenty pounds for every omiflion, negledf, or default of fuch entry or payment, together with a fum equal to double the duty which fuch maltfter or maker of malt (hall by law be chargeable with for fuch month: provided always, that if any malt (hall be removed from the malthoufe or place where the fame (hall have been made or kept before the ut^‘ expiration of the faid refpedfive periods of ten days or twenty-one days, all duties due and payable for the fame (hall be fully paid and fatisfied before any permit for removing or conveying the fame (hall be granted.
                                                        XXV. And be it further ena£led. That as often as any difpute or difference (hall arife between any officer of excife and
IZ
v:        h y  any fuch  maltfter or   maker of  malt,  touching the amount of
111a return uy      .______i t .. .1______  _r /\._u _ m_________r.._u____i.a______
 affidavit.
 Maltfter (hall not difpute officer’s charge unlefs he has made his own monthly re
 duty charged by the return of fuch officer upon fuch maltfter or maker of malt, for or in refpedt of fuch quantity of malt, pur-fuant to this act, fuch officer (hall verify by affidavit made before the colle&or of the diftrhft, or fome juftice of the peace, that fuch return made by him is true and fair according to the beft of his (kill and knowledge, and thereupon fuch return (hall be a charge upon fuch maltfter or maker of malt difputing the fame: provided always, that no maltfter or maker of malt (hall be allowed to controvert or difpute any return or charge of duty made by any officer, unlefs fuch maltfter or tnakef of malt (hall have made a regular monthly return of the quantity of malt made by fuch maltfter or maker of malt, and paid the duty
tutn, and paid'chargeable on the fame, and (hall in fuch his monthly return have made his objection to the return or charge of fuch officer.
                XXVI.      Provided always, and be itena&ed, That the payment fferyany maltfter or maker of malt of any fum of money lefs than ( the amount of duty returned or to be returned by any officer of .excite to be payable by fuch maltfter or maker of Utah, (hall
             not exempt fuch maltfter or maker of malt from the payment of ■ the difference between the amount of duty fo returned by fuch officer and the fum fo paid by fuch maltfter or maker of malt; and that if fuch maltfter or maker of malt (hall not pay fuch different^ within the time limited for payment of the duty on malt, fuch maltfter or maker of malt (hall for every default forfeit twenty pounds, together with a fum equal to double the difference between the amount of duty fo returned by fuch officer and the fum fo paid by fuch maltfter or maker of malt.
                XXVII.   And be it further enacted, That in cafe the quantity
                                                                                                                       of
 his duty Payment by maltfter of his own calculation of duty (hall not exempt him from payment according to the officer’s return.
 Charge of officers to
       -31 Go
  1805.] Anno regniquadragefimoquintoGEORGn III. c. 53.                991
  of malt charged upon any maltfter or maker of malt in any one make up year, ending on the twenty-ninth day of            , (hall not
  amount to the full quantity of fixty-four barrels of malt, ora fort;y-eight barrels of malt refpedtively, for which fuch maltfter or maker of malt is by this a£t chargeable with duty within any year, according to the rates aforefaid, the furveyor or gauger in charge of the malthoufe of any fuch maltfter or maker of malt, (hall within twenty days after fuch twenty-ninth day of '
  September make a return to the collector of the diftriCt in which fuch malthoufe (hall be iituate, of fuch quantity of malt, and of the duties thereon, as, with the quantities comprifed in former returns of malt againft fuch maltfter or maker of malt in the year ending on fuch twenty-ninth day of September fhall amount to the full quantity of fixty-four barrels of malt or forty-eight barrels of malt refpeCtively for which fuch maltfter or maker of malt is by this a£t made chargeable with duty, according to the rates aforefaid; and fuch return fhall be a charge on fuch maltfter or maker of malt, who fhall pay the duties appearing by fuch return to have been incurred and become due within one month after fuch return, or in default thereof fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds together with a fum equal to double the amount of the duties which fhall be fo returned.
    XXVIII.      And be it further enaCted, That if any maltfter or Com in promaker of malt fhall on the twenty-fifth day of September in any ?efs °f malt-
         4               •     »  *      % *     I   # t / met IT1JIV DC
  year, or on the day mentioned in any rtotice for difeontinuing to fimihed with-work in manner aforefaid, have .any corn or grain on any floor in fixteen or floors in the malthoufe of fuch maltfter or maker of malt in days after the procefs of malting, or being made into malt, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch maltfter or maker of malt, to proceed in com-       or"  '
  pleting the procefs of making fuch corn or grain into malt, after notice until fuch malt is dried off: provided always, that fuch procefs of difeon-fhall be completed within fixteen days after the faid twenty-fifth tmuance. day of          September or after the day mentioned. for difeontinuing
  working in any fuch notice, as the cafe may., be, and that no fuch corn or grain fhall be or fhall have been wetted on or after the twenty-third day of September, or on 6r after the day on which any fuch notice ofdifcontinuance fhall have been given to any officer as aforefaid, as the cafe may be ; and that fuch maltfter or maker of malt fhall be fubj^t and liable to all other regulations in this ail contained with refpetft to which malt, and with refpeCt to ahy charge of duty on the fame, as fuch maltfter       1
  or maker of malt would have been in cafe the procefs of making      •
  fuch malt had been completed before fuch twenty-fifth day :of
    September, or before the day mentioned for difeontinuing work-' ing in fuch notice, as the cafe may be.                  1
    XXIX.        And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any officer For amending of excife fhall have at any time committed any error in .a,,y.re-orE‘snre-turn to be made by him under this ail, by including or charging turns, and in fuch return a greater or lefs quantity of malt, or a greater or relieving or lefs amount of duty than ought to have been returned or charged furch^rgine by him againft any maltfter or maker of malt, according to the accorJiu87-
                                                      directions
UB
                                                             

                                        992 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georg 11 III. c. 53. [1805.
            directions of this aft, it fball and may be lawful for fuch officer, or for the examinator of the accounts of fuch officer, and they are hereby refpeftively required, to reftify the fame as fpeedily as may be convenient, within fix months after fuch teturn fhail ' havfe been made, and to report thefametothefaidcommiffioners of excife 5 and if it (hall appear that the quantity of malt, and the amount of duty charged in any fuch return againft any- maltfter or maker of malt was greater than the fame ought to have been, it (hall be lawful for the (aid commiffioners of excife, and they are hereby required to make an allowance forthwith to fuch maltfter or maker of malt of the amount of duty fo overcharged; and if it (hall appear that the quantity of malt, and the amount of duty charged in any fuch return againft any maltfter or maker of malt, was lefs than the fame ought to have been, it (hall and may be lawful for the .faid commiiiioners of excife, and they are hereby required to give notice to fuch maltfter or maker of malt, of the amount of the deficiency of the duty in confequcnce of fuch erroneous return ; and if fuch maltfter or maker of malt (hall not within one month after fuch notice (hew fufficient caufe to fuch commiiiioners of excife why fuch charge (hould not be made, and fuch deficiency paid, it’(hall be lawful for the faid* commiffioners of excife to order a return to be made to the colleftor of the diftrift in which fuch maltfter or maker of malt (hall refide, of the amount of fuch deficiency, and the duty fpecified on fuch return (hall be a furcharge on fuch maltffer or maker of malt; and if fuch maltfter or maker of malt (hall not upon demand pay the full amount of fuch duty fo furcharged, or fuch part thereof as (hall be eftablifhed by the faid commiffioners, fuch maltfter or maker of malt (hall forfeit the fum often pounds, and a fum equal to double the amount of duty which (hall be fo returned and furcharged ; provided that no fuch return (hall be a furcharge on any maltfter or maker of malt, unlefs it (hall have been made, and the amount thereof demanded, within nine months after the date of the original return.      -w 1 >/-> •
 $ommiflion- • XXX. Provided always, and be it enafted, That if any makers may grant fter or maker of malt (hall be defirous of obtaining a licence for abatement . any malthoufe, at any time between the firft day of November in fnalHn re" any year anc* twenty?ninth day of September in the fucceeding ipedt of any ’ year, it (hall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of excife malthoufe to reduce the quantity of malt for which fuch maltfter or maker been fed with. Df mait js by this aft, chargeable with duty for and in refpeft of IR.Joe year. fucb ma|thoufe refpeftively, during the continuance of fuch licence,-to fuch quantity of malt as may reafonably be made in fuch malthoufe between the time that fuch licence (hall be fo granted and the twenty-ninth day of September then next enduing, provided that fuch deduftion (hall be in the proportion to the part of the year which (hall have elapfed from the twenty-ninth day of September preceding the taking out of fuch licence to the time of taking out the fame as eight calendar months ar« to twelve calendar months, and that the perfon taking out any
                                                                                                     icenec
 r1    - n
                                                                               iu

 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 53. 993
 licence for fuch malthoufe, (hall in all other refpe£ts be fubjedt and liable to all other rules and regulations in this adt contained.
   XXXI. Provided alfo, and be it enadled, That if any maltfter Notice of or maker of malt fhall be defirous to difcontinue working for difcontinu* the remainder of any year, at the end of the period of two ance °f^work-calendar months in the year after he fhall have commenced j"e®        "
 working, or at the end of any period of one calendar month remainder of after fuch maltfter or maker of malt fhall have recommenced the year, to woiking in manner aforefaid refpe&ively, it fhall and may be be Sivcn> lawful for fuch maltfter or maker of malt to difcontinue working accordingly, on giving a notice in writing of his intention fo to difcontinue working for the remainder of the year, to the commiftioners of excife, and alfo to the collector of the diftridt, and to the furveyor and gauger in charge of the malthoufe of fuch maltfter or maker of malt, fourteen days at the leaft previous to the day mentioned in fuch notice for fo difcontinuing to work for the remainder of the year; and in fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiftioners of excife, or any four of them, upon application to them made by any fuch maltfter or maker of malt for that purpofe, to declare the licence granted to fuch maltfter or maker of malt to be ended and determined from and after the day mentioned for fo difcontinuing working, and the fame fhall be ended and determined accordingly ; and it fhall alfo be lawful for the faid commiftioners to reduce the quantity of malt for which fuch maltfter or maker of malt is by this a<ft chargeable with duty during the continuance of fuch licence, to fuch quantity of malt as fuch maltfter or maker of malt fhall by this a<5t be chargeable with duty for during fo many calendar months only as fuch maltfter or maker of malt fhall have a&ually continued working, together with fuch further quantity of malt as could be made from any corn or grain adtually fteeped or wetted by fuch maltfter or maker of malt during fuch months, according to the rates in this a£t fpecified; and if at anytime after the day mentioned in any fuch notice of any fuch maltfter or maker of malt, for fo difcontinuing to work for the remainder of the year, any fuch maltfter or maker of malt fhall wet any corn or grain, or if after the expiration of fixteen days after the day mentioned for fo difcontinuing to work, any corn or grain fhall be found wetted or fteeped, or in the procefs of making into malt, in the malthoufe of fuch maltfter or maker of malt, fuch maltfter or maker of malt fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds, and fuch maltfter or maker of Penalty on malt fhall be chargeable and charged with, and pay duty under maltfter this act, as if he had not given fuch notice of difcontinuance as noticeof* 161 aforefaid ; and it fhall not be lawful for the faid commiftioners dikontiuu-of excife to licenfe any perfon to keep the faid malthoufe, or to ance. make malt for fale therein, or to ufe any ciftern or kiln contained in fuch malthoufe for the remainder of fuch year, nor during the term of one year next enfuing the twenty-ninth day of September after fuch offence fhall be committed.
~ Yoj.. XLV,
3*
XXXII. And
    Original fre ORKPUBLI
       994 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georg*i III. c. 53* [i8o5. Cotnmifiion- XXXII. And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may be abatemenTof*f°r any l^ree commiffioners of excife to reduce or abate duty^n c'afeof*^1® quantity of malt wherewith any maltfter or maker of malt . accident. fball be chargeable in the year by virtue of this a<ft, according to the number of calendar months as aforefaid, upon proof upon oath to the fatisfaftion of the faid commiffioners, that fome fatality, fuch as fire, or any other unavoidable accident or misfor-tune, (hall have prevented fuch maltfter or maker of malt from working fuch number of calendar months, and alfo to make any proportionate allowance to any maltfter or maker of malt out of the duties on malt, in confideration of any damage or lofs by fire, water, or other fatality or unavoidable accident, by which the whole or any part of any malt made by fuch maltfter or maker of malt may have been damaged or deftroyed : provided always, that fuch reduction, abatement, or allowance, be in all cafes nrfl approved of by the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer in Ireland; and that no fuch reduction, abatement, or allowance, fhall be made to any perfon who fhall have made any infurance againft lofs to be fuftained by any fuch accident, without regard being had to the amount receivable under fuch infurance.
       Notice of wet- XXXIII. And be it further ena£Ied, That every maltfter or maJtin°rn^ ma*cer      whofe malthoufe fhall be fituated in a city or the
       ina mg. fuburbs of a city, or in any place within one mile of the refidence appointed for a gauger by the faid commiffioners of inland excife, fhall at leaft twenty-four hours before every time of putting any corn or grain into any fteep, ciftern, uting vat, or other veflel ufed for the purpofe of fteeping or wetting of corn or grain, and every maltfter or maker of malt, whofe malthoufe fhall be fituated in any other place in           ,fhall at leaft forty-eight
                 hours before fo doing, give a notice in writing to the gauger of the walk in which fuch malthoufe fhall be fituated, of the particular hour or time of the day when fuch maltfter or maker of malt intends to put fuch corn or grain into fuch ciftern, uting vat, or other veflel, and to begin to wet the fame accordingly ; and in cafe any maltfter or maker of malt fhall not begin to wet fuch corn or grain, and immediately proceed to cover the whole thereof with water at the hour or time mentioned in fuch nofice, or within three hours after the expiration of fuch hour and time, then every fuch maltfter or maker of malt fhall give a new and , like notice before fuch maltfter or maker of malt fhall begin to wet any corn or grain; and no maltfter or maker of malt fhall begin to wet any corn or grain, except between the hours of nine in the morning and four in the afternoon; and if any corn or grain making into malt, of the wetting of which any fuch . notice or renewed notice as is herein-before required fhall not have been given, or which fhall have been begun to be wetted at any other time than between the hours of nine in the morning and four in the afternoon, fhall be found in any malthoufe, or on any floor or other place, belonging to any maltfter or maker of malt, every fuch maltfter or maker of malt for every
                                                                   time
Digitized by (jO
N
r
  ■>
  \
        1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgit III. c. 53. 995
      time fuch corn or grain (hall be found (hall forfeit the fum of ~ fifty pounds.
        XXXIV.        And be it further enafled. That any officer In Regulations charge of any malthoufc of any maltfter or maker of malt fhall t° printed provide fuch maltfter or maker of malt with books, containing t{J.r~ *„ books printed forms of notices to be given of wetting corn or grain to to be provided be made into malt, and fuch notice (hall fet forth the number of for the pur-bufhels of corn intended to be wetted, and the particular hour Polc*
      and time of the day when the fame is to be wetted. On each leaf of which book two forms of fuch notice, duplicates of each other, (hall be printed; and every maltfter or maker of malt who fhall be furnifhed with any fuch book, fhall before fuch maltfter of maker of malt (hall proceed to wet any corn or grain, infert in the blanks of fuch form of notice, and in the duplicate thereof, fuch words as the form of fuch notice (hall require to render the fame perfect, and after figning the fame, (hall cut off the outermoft notice, and caufe the fame to be delivered to the officer to whom the notice of wetting fuch corn or grain is to be given as herein-before mentioned, and (hall preferve the inner-moft notice or duplicate in the laid book, with the blanks filled up, in the like manner with that delivered to fuch officer; and every fuch notice and duplicate thereof (hall be numbered in arithmetical progreffion, beginning with number one; and if any corn or grain making into malt (hall be found in any malthoufe, or in any veffcl or utenlil therein, the notice of wetting of which (hall not have been cut out of the faid book and ferved on the officer of excife, or if the fame (hall be cut out of the faid book and fo ferved, and a duplicate thereof (hall not be kept in the faid book, or if the duplicate thereof in the faid book (hall not correfpond with the notice cut out of the fame, then and in any of fuch cafes fuch corn or grain (hall be deemed to be the corn or grain making into malt, wetted without notice ; and the maltfter or maker of malt in whofe malthoufe the fame (hall be found, (hall foifeit the fum of ten pounds.
        XXXV.         And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch maltfter Book may be or maker of malt (hall conftantly keep fuch book of notices in
      the malthoufe of fuch maltfter or maker of malt, for the exami- L nation of every officer of excife, and if on demand of any officer of excife at fuch malthoufe, the faid book (hall not be produced to fuch officer, or if fuch officer (hall not be permitted to infpecl and examine, or (hall be prevented by any perfon from infpe&ing and examining the fame, fuch maltfter or maker of malt (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds.
        XXXVI.      And be it further enadled, That every maltfter or Maltfter fhall
      maker of malt who (hall be furnilhed with fuch book of printed books to notices as aforefaid, (hall, on every twenty-fifth day of        the coiieCtor.
      twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of June, and twenty-ninth day of September, or within ten days after each of
      the faid days, deliver to the colletftor of the diftrift in which the malthoufes of fuch maltfter or maker of malt (hall be fituated, the faid book, with all the forms of the notices which (hall re-
                                                                                                                       3 s 2
mam
                                                             
 uria
NEW YORK PUBI
 LIBR
           996 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii HI. c.53. £1805.
                        main therein, and alfo the duplicate of all fuch notices as (hall have been cut from the faid book, and ferved as aforefaid, or, in default thereof, (hall for every negledt forfeit the fum of ten pounds.
           Specimen pa- XXXVII. And be it further enabled. That papers, to be P5T**0   P™" called fpecimen papers, (hall be provided and furnifhed to every
           in mafthouies. ma^fter or maker of malt by any officer of excife vifiting " the malthoufe of fuch maltfter or maker of malt, in order that every officer of excife may enter thereon his vifit at fuch malthoufe, and the gauges depending on fuch vifit, and every fuctl maltfter or maker of malt, who (hall from time to time be fur-niffied with any fuch fpecimen paper (hall caufe the fame to be fixed on a board conveniently made for that purpofe, and to be hung or put up in fuch malthoufe in fome publick and confpi-cuous place, and (hall preferve and keep the fame fo put up in fuch place according to the direction of the furveyor of the walk for that purpofe in writing on the front of fuch fpecimen paper, and in fuch manner that any officer of excife vifiting fuch malt-houfe may view fuch fpecimen paper, and make entries thereon ; and if any fuch maltfter or maker of malt (hall not put up or keep and preferve fuch fpecimen paper in manner herein directed, unavoidable accident excepted (of which accident, notice in writing (hall be ferved upon the furveyor and gauger of the walk within two hours after the fame (hall have happened, if fuch malthoufe (hall be fituated within any city or market town, and if fuch malthoufe (hall not be iituated within any city or market town, then within twelve hours after fuCh accident (hall have ,             happened)  fuch maltfter or maker of malt (hall for every fuch of-
                        fence forfeit the fum of ten pounds.
           Inferring dates XXXVIII. And be it further ena&ed. That every maltfter fb^cimen tn- or ma^er ma^ fhall, before ferving any notice of commencing to wet any corn or grain to be made into malt, infert in writing in the faid fpecimen paper the date of fuch notice, and the particular time mentioned therein for wetting the corn or grain, together with the quantity thereof to be wetted, or in default thereof the corn or grain of the notice of wetting of which fuch entry as aforefaid (hall not be inferted in the faid fpecimen paper, (hall be deemed corn or grain wetted to be made into malt without notice, and (hall be forfeited, and may be feized; and the mahfter or maker of malt in whofe#malthoufe the fame (hall be found (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds.
   XXXIX. And be it further enadted, That every officer of duty^by "au,Te exc‘^e   charge the duty on all malt, and on all corn or grain
only accoru- making into malt, by the g3uge only, and that in gauging fuch malt, corn, or grain, fuch officer (hall compute the bufhel thereof according to the budiel known by the name of the IVinchefter bujhel, containing eight gallons of two hundred and feventy-two cubical inches and a quarter each, and that four fuch bulhels (hall be accounted a barrel; and if any fuch officer (hall charge any duty on any fuch malt, corn, or grain, in any manner other than by fuch gauge, or (hall enter in any flock-book any charge
 pers.
 Officers (hall charge the
 ing to the
 Winchefter
 buihel.
NEW
Digitized by Go
  I
  1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georg 11 III. c. 53.’ 997
 r.
 f
 *
 £
 iS
 t
 t
 t
 if
 M
 i:
 *
 *
 i
 f
 *
 1
 1
 >
   of duty thereon, other than by fuch gauge, fuch officer (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.
      XL. And be it further enabled, That every maltfter and Charge on maker of malt (hall for every time any quantity of corn or grain (except peas or beans) (hall be wetted to be made into malt, be tbns^'forThe charged with duty for a quantity of malt after the rate of fixteen content of the bufhels of malt for every twenty bufhels of corn which the fteep, ciftern. ciftern, uting vat, or other veflel in which fuch corn or grain fhall be wetted (hall be capable of containing, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of corn which fuch fteep or ciftern fhall be capable of containing; and that when any fuch corn or grain fhall be thrown out of fuch fteep, ciftern, uting vat, or other veflel, and the fame (hall be gauged by the officer within thirty hours after the fame fhall be fo thrown out, fuch maltfter or maker of malt fhall in like manner be charged with a duty for a quantity of malt after the rate of fixteen bufhels of malt for every twenty bufhels of fuch corn or grain, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch corn or grain.
      XLI. And be it further enabled, That if any maltfter or maker Com in fteep of malt fhall not wet or fteep any corn or grain in the fteep, (hall be co-ciftern, uting vat, or other veflel, fo as that the fame fhall be ^ater fbrt' covered with water,and continue fo covered in fuch fteep, ciftern, hours uniefa uting vat, or other veflel, for the full fpace of forty hours before under parti-the water fhall be drawn from the fame, fuch maltfter or maker cular notice, of malt fhall be charged for a quantity of malt equal to the whole quantity of fuch corn : provided always, that if any maltfter or maker of malt fhall intend to continue any fuch corn covered with water for any time lefs than forty hours, and not lef? than thirty hours, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch maltfter or maker of malt fo to do, on fpecifying fuch his intention in the notice to be by him given to the officer of the wetting fuch corn or grain, and the number of hours fuch corn or grain is to continue covered with water j and in fuch cafe fuch maltfter or maker of malt (hall be charged for all corn or grain fo wetted, and which (hall continue wetted, for any fpace of time lefs than forty hours, and not lefs than the number of hours mentioned in fuch notice, as if the fame had continued wetted forty hours ; and if any fuch corn or grain (hall not be continued to be covered with water for the number of hours in fuch notice mentioned before the water fhall be drawn from the fame, fuch maltfter or maker of malt (hall be charged for a quantity of malt equal to the whole quantity of fuch corn or grain fo wetted.
      XLII. And be it further enafled. That if any corn or grain Corn (hall be fhall be found in any fteep, ciftern, uting vat, wetting place, or       from
   other utenfil, in the malthoufe of any maltfter or maker of malt, f^nty-uvo after feventy-two hours from the hour mentioned in any notice hours.
   Tor the wetting of fuch corn or grain in fuch fteep, ciftern, uting vat, wetting place, or other utenfil, fuch corn or grain (hall be confidered as new corn or grain to be made into malt, and fhall be charged with double duty ; and fuch maltfter or maker of malt fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.
                                                       XLIII. And
I >
                                                                                                                                                        Original fro NEW YORK PUBLI'
1
Go gle
 may take malt out of the couch frame and lay it on the floor.
        <>98 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 53. [1805.
        Com thrown XLIII. And be it further enadled, That if any corn or cUtcrn alall gra'n» making into malt in the malchoufe of any maltfter or remain       maker of malt, (hall not immediately, or within two hours after
        twenty-four the fame (hall be thrown out of any fteep, ciftern, uting vat, or hours in other veffel, be put into a couch frame, and there remain and^ten da”** twenfy"f°ur hours at leaft before it (ball be thrown out of fuch on floors. * couch frame ; or if any fuch corn or grain, after the fame (hall be thrown out or ought to have been thrown out of fuch couch frame, (hall not remain on the floor or floors for the full fpace often days at the lead before the fame (hall-be put on the kiln, then and in either of fuch cafes fuch maltfter or maker of malt (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds.
Excife officers XLIV. And, for the further and better preventing of frauds by
the prefftng of malt in the Jleeuting or couch frame ; be it f urther ena&ed, That if any maltfter or maker of malt fhall tread, prefs, or otherwife force together in the fteep, ciftern, uting vat, or couch frame, any corn or grain fteeping or fteepcd in order to be made into malt, every fuch maltfter or maker of malt fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds ; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any officer of excife, by himfelf or by any perfon or perfons by him employed for that purpofe, in the prefence of any maltfter or maker of malt, or his, her, or their fervant (if fuch maltfter or fervant (hall think fit to be prefent at fuch operation) to throw or remove all corn or grain making into malt from or out of any couch frame, and to lay the fame level ; and if any increafe (hall be found in the gauge or quantity of fuch corn or grain on the removal and laying the fame level as aforefaid, exceeding the rate of one buftiel •in every twenty bulhels over and above the quantity which the fame appeared to be by the previous gauge thereof taken in the couch frame or ciftern, then and in every fuch cafe, proof being made of fuch increafe as aforefaid, fuch maltfter or maker of malt fhall forfeit and lofe the fum of five (hillings for each and every bulbel of fuch corn or grain contained in fuch couch frame: provided always, that if no increafe (hall be found exceeding the rate aforefaid, fuch officer (hall pay to every perfon employed in removing and replacing fuch corn or grain, the fum of two (hillings and fixpence Britijh currency.
     XLV. And be it further enadted. That no maltfter or maker of malt (hall mix or caafe to be mixed any corn or grain of one wetting or fteeping, or any part thereof, with any corn or grain
inafunmalted* ma^ing *nto ma^ any other wetting or fteeping,^or any part thereof; or (hall mix or caufe to be mixed any corn or grain in any couches or floors, or any part thereof, with any corn or gfain of any other wetting or fteeping, or any part thereof, before the fame (hall be put on the kiln for drying; and that no maltfter or maker of malt, or other perfon whatfoever in Ireland, (hall mix or caufe to be mixed any unmalted corn or grain with malt made of any corn or grain whatfoever, or (hall (ejl or expofe to fale any fuch mixtures rcfpe&ively as aforefaid,
                                                             on
 Penalty on mixing different wetting ing grain with in alt.
NEW
   Digitized b Goggle
     1805.] Annoregni quadragefiir.o quinto Georgii III. c. 53.                 999
     on pain of forfeiting in each and every fuch cafe the fum of ten pounds for every fuch offence refpeclively.
        XLVI. And be it further enadted, That if any maltfter or Penalty on maker of malt,' or other perfon whatfoever, fhall hide or con-concealing or ceal, or caufe or permit or fuffer to be hidden or concealed, any malt within any malthoufe, or in any (lore or place thereto belonging, or in any other place whatfoever; or (hall fraudulently Convey away, or caufe or procure or permit or fuffer to be conveyed away, any malt out of any malthoufe or (lores from the view of any gauger or other officer, or (hall caufe or procure, or permit or fuffer. to be conveyed away from the fteep, cittern, or uting vat, or other wetting place or utenfil, any fteeping or part of any fteeping of corn or grain making into malt, or (hall mix             x
     fuch corn or grain making into malt, or fuch corn or grain fo conveyed away, with or amongft any other corn or grain making into malt, or in any couch or couches, floor or floors, of other corn or grain making into malt, which are then in operation, and which (hall have been gauged or charged with duty ; or if any maltfter or maker of mait, or other perfon whatfoever, (hall fraudulently convey away or caufe or procure or permit or fuffer to be conveyed away from the fteep, cittern, uting vat, or other wetting place, any fteeping or part of any fteeping of corn or grain making into malt, fo that no gauge of fuch corn or grain fo conveyed away can be taken by the officers; or if any perfon (hall harbour, hide, or conceal any malt, or any corn or grain making into malt, then and in each of the faid cafes every fuch maltfter or maker of malt, or other perfon fo offending, (hall for every fuch offence refpecfively forfeit the fum of ten pounds, and all fuch malt, or corn or grain making into malt with all bags and facks containing the fame, (hall be forfeited and mav be feized; and if any perfon having malt in Iris, or her poflcflion,
     (hall not on demand made by any officer of excife fhew all the malt, or corn or grain making into malt, in his, her, or their pofleffion, every fuch perfon fhall forfeit the fum of'ten pounds for every time fuch perfon (hall fo conceal or not (hew fuch malt, or corn or grain making into malt ; and all malt, or corn or grain making into malt, which (hall not be fo (hewn, or (hall be fo concealed, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized.
        XLVII. And be it further enadted, That whenever any Mode of officer of excife fhall take any gauge of any corn or grain charging for making into malt on the floor of any malthoufe of any maltfter ?n th* or maker of malt, within the fpace of feventy-two hours after ^ornorUhe the time fuch corn or grain was or ought to have been thrown floor. out of the couch frame, fuch officer fhall charge fuch maltfter or maker of malt with a quantity of malt after the rate of fifteen bufhels of malt for every twenty buffiels of corn or grain; and If fuch gauge fhall be taken after the fpace of feventy-two hours, and within the fpace of one hundred and twenty hours after the time fuch corn or grain was or ought to have been thrown out of the couch frame, fuch officer lhall charge fuch maltfter or maker of malt with a quantity of malt after the rate of fourteen bu(hels #f malt for every twenty-one bufhels of corn or grain; and after
the
                                                                     Original from NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
 cept on evidence of pivment of duty.
                                           iooo Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 53- [^05.
                     the fpace of one hundred and twenty hours from the time fuch • corn or grain was or ought to have been $hrown out of the couch frame, fuch officer fhall charge fuch maltfter or maker of malt with a quantity of malt after the rate of ten bufhels of malt for every twenty bufhels of fuch corn or grain, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch corn or grain in any of the cafes aforefaid.
                       XLVIII. And be it further ena&ed. That if any corn or grain Corn fhall be making into malt fhall not have been put on the kiln within £iin twent twenty-one days from the day mentioned in the notice for the one days'after wetting thereof, all fuch corn pr grain fhall be confidered at wetting, or be malt, and the maltfter or maker of malt in whofe malthoufc the charged with fame fhall be found fhall be charged with duty for the fame, after duty as malt, (he rate of one bufhel of malt for every bufhel of fuch corn or grain; and fuch maltfter or maker of malt fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.
                 / XLIX. And be it further enacted. That no officer of the re-Permits (lull venue fhall grant any permit for the removal of any malt from not be granted the malthoufe or ftores of any maltfter or maker of malt, urtlefs for malt ex- fuch maltfter or maker of malt fhall produce to fuch officer the receipt of the collector of the diftridt in which fuch malt fhall have been made, for the duty on fuch malt, nor unlefs fuch maltfter or maker of malt fhall fuff.-r fuch officer to indorfe on fuch receipt the quantity of malt for which fuch permit is required, and the date of Ibch permit; and every fuch officer is hereby required to make fuch indorfement accordingly.
                       L. And be it further enabled, That in all cafes where any duties payable under this a& by any maltfter or maker of malt fhall be unpaid at the time when fuch duties are by this a& made due and payable, it fhall be lawful for the colle&or of excife of the diltridt in which the malthoufe of fuch maltfter or maker of malt fhall be fituate, by warrant under his hand and feal, to empower any perfon or perfons to take and diftrain all malt, and all corn or grain in any malthoufe, ftore, or other premifes of fuch maltfter or maker of malt, regiftered under this aift, and to caufc the fame to be fold by publick au&ion; and if, after the payment of all duties due from fuch maltfter or maker of malt, together with the cofts and expences of fuch taking and diftraining, there fhall be any furplus of the produce arifing from the fale thereof, fuch furplus fhall be forthwith tendered and paid to fitch maltfter or maker of malt, or his re-prelentatives: provided always, that when any malt fhall be fo taken and diftrained, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch maltfter or maker of malt, or his reprefentatives, at any time or times before the day appointed for the fale thereof, to obtain permits for conveying all or any part of fuch malt, upon his or their paying to the collector towards difeharging the duties fo due and payable, the real value of fuch malt as he or they fhall defire to remove, and the fame may be removed accordingly; and a proper permit or permits fhall, on due application, be given for the fame, in like manner as if no fuch diftrefs had been made.
                                                                                                          LI. And
 Colle&or may diftrain for duties.
\IE\A
                                                               Go ^lc
 1805.] Annoregni quadragelimo quinto Georgii III. c. 53. loot
   LI. And be it further enadted, That all malt, and all corn or Malt, corn, grain whatfoever making or to be made into malt, which (hall °r 8™^'° be found in any malthoufe, ftorehoufe, or other tenement ufed boufe'ma'de or occupied, or which (hall have been ufed or occupied by any liable to pay* maltfter or maker of malt, (hall be liable and fubjedt to, and is ment of hereby charged with all debts due to the crown, and all duties of duties, excife which (hall be in arrear, and owing by any perfon for any malt made within fuch malthoufe, and (hall alfo be fubjedt to the payment of all fuch penalties as (hall have been incurred by any perfon who (hall have occupied or ufed fuch malthoufe, for any offence againft this adt, or any adt or adts in force in , re-
 lating to maltfters or makers of malt; and it (hall be lawful in all cafes to levy fuch debts, duties, penalties, and forfeitures by diftrefs and fale of fuch malt, or corn or grain, as it would be lawful to do in cafe th^ perfon owing fuch debts and duties, or incurring fuch penalties and forfeitures, was at the time the real proprietor of fuch malt, or corn or grain.
   LII. And be it further enadted, That it (hall not be lawful to No malt (hall make malt of wheat or oats, and that all wheat and oats making ^eator oat» into malt, and all malted wheat and oats, mixed or unmixed on pCnaity. with any other corn or grain, ground or unground, lhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any juftice of the peace, or any officer of excife; and the perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody the fame (hall be found, (hall forfeit the fum of ten (hillings for every barrel fo found, and the malt fo feized (hall be fold.
       LIII. And be it further enadted, That in all cafes where any Maltfterdifr perfon (hall at the expiration of any licence granted under this continuing adt, difeontinue the trade and buftnefs of a maltfter or maker of gj^notice malt, fuch perfon (hall, within twenty-one days after the ex-to officer to piration of fuch licence, make a return to the colledlor of the take account diftridt in which the malthoufe of fuch perfon (hall be fituate, of°f ftock, who all fuch quantity of malt as (hall be in the pofleffion of fuch certificate for perfon at the time of making fuch return; and it (hall and may the purpofe of be lawful for any officer or officers of excife, and he and they founding per. is and are hereby diredted and required, as foor. as conveniently n'*,ts ma^1 may be after the expiration of fuch licence, to enter into every 'CTCon* malthoufe, (lore, or other place belonging to fuch perfon, and to gauge and take an account of all malt remaining therein, and to make a return thereof to the colledlor of the diltridt in which fuch malthoufe (hall be fituate; and every fuch officer (hall at the time of taking fuch account give to fuch perfon a certificate of the true quantity of malt fo remaining in fuch malthoufe, (lore, or other place, as (hall appear to have been charged with duty, and when any fuch perfon (hall apply for a permit for the removal of the whole or any part of fuch malt fo remaining, fuch perfon (hall produce to the proper officer for granting fuch permit the aforefaid certificate; and fuch officer (hall at the time of granting fuch peimit, indorfe on fuch certificate the date and number of the permit, and the name of the perfon to whom, and the place to which the malt therein mentioned is intended to be conveyed, and the quantity thereof, and fign his name thereto; and every fu$h perfon to whom fuch certificate (hall have been
 Officers may enter malt-taoufes and take account
 longing to perfons discontinuing bufinefs.
 1002 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. .53. [1805.
            granted, (hall on every twenty-fifth day of       , twenty-
            fifth day of March, twenty-fourth day of , and twenty-ninth day of September, or within ten days after each and every of the ("aid days, return to the proper officer fuch certificate, with all indorsements thereon ; and every fuch officer (hall upon receiving fuch certificate, give a new certificate for all fuch malt as (hall then be remaining on hand, of the quantity for which fuch former certificate had been given ; and if any fuch perfon (hall negled to deliver up any fuch certificate at any of the times aforefaid, fuch perfon (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.
              LTV. And be it further enabled. That it (hall and may be lawful for any officer of excife, from time to time, and at all times to enter into the malthoufe and (lores of any fuch perfon of malt in any fo discontinuing the trade or bufinefs of a maltfier, and to gauge fuch houfebe-and take an account of all malr found therein, and to demand a view of fuch certificates as aforefaid, with the indorsements made thereon; and if fuch perfon (hall not upon fuch demand produce fuch certificates with the indorfements thereon, then all fuch malt (hall be forfeited, and may be feized; and fuch perfon (hall for every fuch negled forfeit the fum of ten pounds.
 Malt made by LV. And be it further enabled, that no brewer or diftiller who SftUlcrs not     ma^e   mah* (hall mix or caufe to be mixed any malt made
            by him or her with any malt made by any other perfon; and that every fuch brewer and diftiller, (hall keep all malt made by him or her in (lores or rooms feparate and diftind from the (lores or rooms in which he or (he (hall keep any malt made by any other perfon ; and that every fuch brewer and didiHer, in whofe'ftores any malt made by him or her (hall be found mixed with any malt made by any other perfon, or not kept in feparate and diftind (lores or rooms, (hall for every time fuch malt (hall be fo found, forfeit the fum of ten pounds.
              LVI. And be it further enaded, That if any maltfier or maker of malt (hall deal in or fell any malt, except fuch malt as (hall have been made in fotne malthoufe of fuch maltfier or maker of malr, duly licenfed, fuch maltfier or maker of malt (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds: provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend to prevent any licenfed brewer or diftiller, who (hall have a licence for making malt under this adl, from receiving malt duly permitted from others to be confumcd in the brewery or diftillery of fuch brewer or diftiller only, nor to prevent fuch brewer or diftiller who (hall difeontinue the bufinefs of a brewer or diftiller, from felling or difpofing of any malt the duties on which lhall have been pre-vioully paid or fecured.
              LV1I. And be it further enaded, That every perfon making malt in Ireland., for his or her own private ufe, and not for fale, (hall make a return to the colledor of the diftrid of his or her name and place of abode, and of the malthoufe or other place in which fuch perfon intends to make any malt, certifying that the malt intended to be made is to be ufed by fuch perfon for brewing beer or ale for his or her private ufe and
                                                                                                    confumption,
 to be mixed' with malt bought by them.
 No maltftcr (lull fell malt not made by himfelf (except brewers or distillers.)
 Fegulatirfg private per-lons making Bialt.
Digitized b ' Coc 8le
MEW Y(
                                                                                                      I
 1805.] Anno regniquadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 53. 1003
 confumption, and not for fale, and the collector to whom fuch return (hail be made (hall make an entry or regiftry thereof, and (hall give a copy of fuch entry or regiftry to the perfon making fuch return, and fuch perfon {hall not be required to take out any licence for making of malt under this a£t, ndr be fubje& to any penalty for neglecting to take out fuch licence, but every fuch perfon (hall be chargeable hnd charged with the duty for all malt actually made by him or her, and fhall be fubjeCt and liable to the vifits of any officer of excife, and to fuch of the rules and regulations in this aCt contained, as the commiffioners of excife {hall, by and with the approbation of the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer of    ,  from time
 to time think neceflary for the fecuring the payment of the duty, on the quantity of malt a&ually made by fuch perfon ; and if any fuch perfon fhall make any malt for falc, or fhall fell any malt, or any beer or ale brewed by him or her, or (hall difpofe of any fuch malt, beer, or ale, or of any corn in the procefs of making into malt, for gain or profit, or in the way of barter, fuch perfon fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.
    LVIII. And be it further enaCted, That it fhall and may be Officer may lawful for any officer of the excife to enter into the houfes, out- p^es^yhere houfes, mills, ftorehoufes, or other houfes whatfoever of any majt j9 kept perfon or perfons having malt in his, her, or their pofleffion, and and require to demand a permit, figned by the proper officer, for all malt permits, that fhall be found therein, except fuch malt as {hall be made by any maltfter or maker of malt, or by any perfon making malt for his or her own private ufe and not for lale, and found in the malt ftores of ftich maltfter or maker of malt, or other perfon duly regiftered according to this aCt; and if on demand made by fuch officer as aforefaid, a permit or certificate (as the cafe may be) of force, for fuch malt fhall not be produced within a reafon-able time after fuch demand, then all fuch malt fhall be forfeited, together with any facks, bags, or other packages in which the fame (hall be contained, and the fame may be feized ; and every perfon in whofe pofleffion as aforefaid any malt (hall be found without fuch permit or certificate, (hall, for every barrel of fuch malt fo found in the pofleffion of fuch perfon forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings.
    LIX. And be it further ena£led. That an account fhall be Officers (hall taken and kept by any officer of excife of the ftock of malt of ^*P5cco,unt every fa&or and other perfon dealing in or ftoring malt, and of ^ich the ftock of malt of every brewer and diftiller, and that every (hall be re-fuch perfon fhall before receiving any malt give an account in giftered with writing figned by fuch perfon to the collector of the diftridl in t*ie collc<S\or, which the ftores of fuch perfon (hall be fituated, of all ftores or places intended to be ufed for keeping or ftoring malt, and a description of the fituation thereof, and of every floor, loft, and room therein, and the meafure in feet and inches of the length, breadth, and height of each fuch (lore, floor, loft, and room, and (hall caufe to be painted with an oil colour, black or white, on the outfide of every door of every fuch (lore, loft, and room, in legible letters and figures at leaf! three inches in length, the
words
dr
Original from
 NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY
 1004
 Penalty on
 increafe of flock of fadors*
 Penalty on decreafe of flock of maltflers and Ct&ors.
 Packages of malt (hall be marked •« Malt/*
 Penalties to be payable in Britifn currency.
                                                     Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 53. [1805.
     words “ Malt Store,” and the number thereof; and if any malt exceeding the quantity of five barrels fhall be found in or on any ftorc, floor, loft, or room of any fuch perfon of which fuch account fhall not have been given, or upon the door of which fuch letters and figures fhall not be painted and remain fo painted and legible, or in or on any ftore, floor, loft, or room, the dimenflons whereof (lull exceed by four inches in length, breadth, or height, the dimenflons mentioned and contained in any fuch account, all malt found in any fuch (lores, lofts, or rooms, fhall be forfeited and may be feized, and the perfon in whofe (lores, lofts, or rooms the fame (hall be found, fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.
       LX. And be it further ena£ted, That whenever any greater quantity of malt (hall be found in the pofleflion of any perfon having difeontinued the buflnefs of a madder, or of any fa£lor or dealer in malt, than by the flock accqunt of any officer of excife ought to be in the pofleflion of fuch perfon or of fuch fadlor or dealer, all fuch increafed quantity fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of excife, and the perfon in whofe pofleflion the fame fhall be found fhall forfeit for every barrel thereof the fum of twenty (hillings.              •
       LXI. And be it further enadled. That in every cafe where the flock of malt in the pofleflion of any maltfler or of any fadtor or dealer in malt, or of any brewer or difliller, fhall be lefs than the quantity of malt which by the flock account kept by any officer of excife ought to be in the pofleflion of fuch maltfler, fadlor, dealer, brewer, or difliller, every fuch perfon fhall for every fuch time fuch decreafe fhall appear, forfeit the fum of fifteen (hillings for every barrel of malt which fhall fo appear to be deficient.
       LX1I. And be it further enabled, That if any malt, exceeding in the whole the quantity of fix ftone, fhall be conveyed in facks or packages, by land or by water, from place to place in Ireland, or fhall be found on any carriage or bead, or on board any boat or other veflel, and that there fhall not be marked out-fide of every fack or other package containing fuch malt, on both fides thereof, and ?t or near the middle of fuch fack or other packages, the word “ Malt,” in black Roman letters not lefs than three inches in length, or if any part of any fuch fack or package on which the word “ Malt,” (hall be fo (lamped and marked, or if the uppermofl fack or package where there fhall be more facks or packages than one, on the fame carriage or in the fame boat or veflel, fhall not be placed fo as to appear in publick view without altering the pofition of fuch fack or other package, then and in every fuch cafe fuch malt, with the facks or packages containing the fame, and alfo the bead and carriage, or boat or veflel, containing, carrying, bearing, or drawing the fame, with all tackle thereto refpedtively belonging, fhall be for* feited, and may be feized.
       LXIII. And be it further enadled, That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflitSled by this a<A, fhall be paid and recovered in Britijb currency j and fhall and may be
                                                                                                                     fued
 Digitized b)
Go gle
 NEW
 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quipto Georgii III. c. 53. 1005
 fued for, recovered, levied, and applied in fuch manner and form, For recovery and by iuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and autho- ierco * rities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed, in and by an a£t of parliament made in Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majefty Charles the Second, intituled, An a£l for the fettling of the excife or new impofl upon his Majejly, his heirs and fuecejfors, according to the book of rates -ininferted, or by any other law or laws in force in Ireland relative to his Majefty’s revenue of excife as fully and effectually to all intents, conftru&ions, and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and cxprefled and re-enaCted in this adt, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the faid a£t of excife, or any law or laws relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife is provided.
   LXIV. Provided always, and be it enadted, That it (hall and Penalties not may be lawful to and for any one juftice of the peace within his exceeding jurifdidlion, where any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture, not ex- pounc&tobe ceeding twenty pounds (hall be incurred under this adf, to hear recovered and determine the fame, and to conviCt the party offending on before one his or her own confeftion, or on the oath of any one credible juftice. witnefs; and in all fuch cafes one moiety of the penalty or forfeiture (hall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifh in which the offence (hall have been committed, or the convidlion made, at the difcretion of the juftice; and fuch juftice of the peace is hereby authorifed and required upon information made on oath in that behalf, within three months after the offence committed, to fummon the party accufed, and alfo the witnefs or witneftes upon either fide, and if upon the confeffion of the party accufed, or examination of any witnefs or witneftes on oath, which oath fuch juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter, fuch party (hall be convicted of the offence alleged againft him, then it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby required to award and iffiie out a warrant under his hand and feal, to any conftable of the county, for levying the penalty or forfeiture incurred on the goods of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof in cafe the fame (hall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any) after deducting the expence of fuch fale; and for want of fufficient diftrefs it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby required, to commit fuch offender to gaol for any time not exeeding three months, or until fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall be paid; and if any perfon (hall find himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by the judgement of the faid juftice, then fuch perfon (hall and may complain or appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next general quarter feffions for the county, and fuch juftices are hereby empowered to fummon and examine witneftes upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the complaint or appeal; and in cafe the conviction of the party (hall be affirmed, fuch juftices (hall ifluc warrants for levying the penalty or forfeiture as aforefaid, and alfo for levying on the goods of the appellants, fuch fura not exceeding forty (hillings as
   
                                             1006 Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c; 53. 1*1805.
                    the faid juftices (hall appoint for the cods of fuch appeal, to be Penalties paid to the informer; and where any fuch pecuniary penalty or pounds^ow ^ f°rfc’ture lhall exceed the fum of twenty pounds, the lame may to ^recover- be fued f°r ar,d recovered by any perfon who lhall fue for the ed.          fame, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, or by
                    civil bill in any of the courts of record in       ,  or at the
                    quarter felfions of the juftices of the peace, or at the aflizes in any county or county of a town or city in           and it (hall
                    be lawful for the court before whom any fuch penalty lhall be recovered, to order the offender to be committed to gaol, there to remain for any time in the diferetion of fuch court, or until fuch line or forfeiture be fully paid and fatisfied.
       Proceedings LXV. And’ be it further enacted. That no convidtion made of juftices not or alleged to be made by any juftice of the peace, nor any cmiorarh by Procce^‘ng before fuch juftice, or before any juftices of the peace at the quarter feflions nor any fentencc or order given or made, or alleged to be given or made, by any fuch juftice or juftices under or by virtue of this adt, fhall be removed by writ of certiorari out of the county, city, town, or place wherein fuch conviction or proceeding lhall have been had or made, into any court whatfoever ; and that no writ of certiorari lhall fuperfede execution or other proceedings upon fuch convidtion, order, or fentcnce fo made or given in purfuance of this adt; but that execution and other proceedings lhall be had and made thereupon, any fuch writ of certiorari or allowance thereof not-withftanding.
       Commiflion- LX VI. And be it further enadted, That it lhall not be lawful ers of revenue for the faid commiflioners of excife to abate any fine, penalty,.or *nay not abate forfeiture which may be fet, impofed, or adjudged on any in-pena les. formation in the excife offices of the reipedtive diftri<fts or otherwife howl'oever, againft any perfon or perfons, or thing or things, for any offence whatfoever under this adt, without the diredtion of the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high-treafurer of Ireland for the purpofe; any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.
   LXVII. Provided alfo, and be it enadled. That it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners of excife, with the approbation or diredtion of the faid commiflioners for executing whole penalty the office of lord high-treafurer of    , or for the faid com-
 to the officer miffioners for executing the office of lord high-treafurer, in all cafes to diredt that the whole or any part of any fine, penalty, or forfeiture incurred under this adt, fhall be paid to the officer or officers making any feizure or giving information of any offence under this adt, to be applied for the ufe of fuch officer or officers, and in fuch proportions and under fuch regulations as fuch laft-mentioned commiflioners refpedtively lhall from time to time diredt and appoint; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.
                                            LXVIII. And be it further enadted. That any juftice of the ne tedtin to Pcace or magiftfatc 'n Ireland, who fhall negledt or refufe, in doasrequired any townee, to carry this adt into execution, upon a proper ap-by the act. plication made to him, lhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds
 Commiflion-ers of excife or treafury may give the
 lcizing.
 Penalty on magiftrates
 Digitized by Go gle
r
  «
  f
 I
 r[
 t
 i
 \
 i*'
 t'
 p

  ..
 i
 i
                                                                     i
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 54. 1007
 Britijh currency* for every fuch neglcCf or refufal, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Ireland, by the perfon who lhall have made fuch application} in which no efloign, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance (hall be allowed; the money recovered by fuch a&ion, to be applied as to one half thereof, to the ufe of the perfon fuing for the fame, and the other half to be paid to the minifter, reCtor, or churchwarden of the parifh wherein fuch juftice of peace or inagiftrate (hall refide, for the ufe of the poor therein.
    LXIX. And be it further enaCted, That this a£t (hall com- Commence-mence and take effect upon and from the twenty-ninth day of n^nt ot tl,c September one thoufand eight hundred apd five.                 a *
                         CAP. L1V.
 jin ail to amend an ail, made in the ninth year of King George the Firjl, for amending the laws relating to the          ,
        ment, and relief of the poor, fo far as the fame contrails
    to be entered into for the maintenance and employment of the .
    —[June 27th 1005.]
 WHEREAS by an ail of                         parliamentin the ninth year x
          of the reign of his late majejly King George the intituled. An aCt for the amendment of the laws relating to the 9 G. 1. c. > fettlement, employment, and relief of the poor, and      overfeers of the poor, with the confent of the major part of the
 parijhioners or inhabitants, are authorized, in the manner therein
 mentioned, to purebafe or hire a houfe or ho, and to contrail with any perfon or perfons for the lodging, keeping, maintaining, and em- ■ ploying of the poor, and for taking the benefit of their work, andfervice, for their better maintenance and relief; and where any parijh, town, or townjhip Jhould be found too    in fuch cafe to
 unite two or more fuch                     parijhes,         towns, or , for thofe -
 pefes, with the. confent of the major part of the parijhioners or inhabitants, and with the approbation of a jujlice of the peace: and whereas great inconvenience has arifen from contrails for the lodging, maintenance, and employment of the poor of        , having been
 entered into purfuant to the fa 'id ail, with perfons not being refident within fuch parijhes refpeilively, nor of fufficient refponfilility to etifure the faithful performance of Juch contrail; be it therefore enaCled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this adt, no No contract contract to be entered into and made by the churchwardens and to be valid, overfeers of the poor of any parifh, with any perfon or perfons, for the lodging, keeping, maintaining, or employing of the |h!Tfarne\s0rn poor of fuch parifh or parilhes where two or more are united, made (hall be and for taking the benefit of their work, labour, and fervice, refident in the for their better maintenance and relief, by virtue or in purfuance ptnih in
                                                             of
 NE1
                                                                                                                       • *■
                                                          Original from
                                                                                                        W YORK PUBLIC LIBR/

Go gle

 of the contrail.
                                        1008 Anno regni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 54. [1805.
 whichthepoor of the faid aCt of the ninth year of the reign of King George the !jC. ma*n* Firft, or of any other law or ftatute whatfoever, (hall be valid, nc * binding or effectual, unlefs the perfon or perfons with whom the fame fhall be entered into refpeCtively (hall and during the continuance of fuch contract be refident within the parifh fo contracting, or within the particular parifh in which fuch poor fhall be lodged and maintained, or who, in the cafe where two or more parifhes are united, fhall be fo refident as aforefaid in one of fuch parifhes, or in the parifh in which fuch poor fhall be nor unlefs one lodged and maintained; and unlefs one or more refponfible ?r J?orf rC" houfeholders, refident in fuch particular parifh or in ond of the houfekeepers ^ Par‘^es» an<* to be approved of by the churchwardens or lhall be fe- overfeers of the poor of fuch parifh or united parifhes, as the curityon be- cafe may be, fhall, at or before the time of figning fuch contraCt, half of the by their joint and feveral bond, with a penalty in not lefs than for the^due *^e amount °f one half of the afTefTment to the poors’ rate of performance fuch parifh or united parifhes for the year next but one preceding the year in which fuch contract fhall be entered into, give fecurity to the faid churchwardens and overfeers, as the cafe may be, for the true and faithful obfervance and performance of fuch contract on the part and behalf of the perfon or perfons fo to be contracted with as aforefaid; nor unlefs fuch contrad fhalhbe approved of and figned by two juftices of the peace aCting for fuch county, city, riding, or diftriCt, in which fuch parifh or united parifhes, or one of them, fhall be fituated.
  11.              And be it further enaCtcd, That all fuch contracts as aforefaid, which fhall be entered into otherwife than according to other wife than the regulations and reftriCtions herein-before contained, fhall be the n I'uU-0 abfolutely null and void to all intents and purpofes; and every tions herein fuch contraCt which fhall be entered into conformably to the containedfhall directions of this a£t, by any churchwardens and overfeers of be void. the poor of any parifh, with any perfon or peAons who fhall remove from and ceafe to refide in the particular parifh or in one of the united parifhes wherein fuch poor fhall be lodged and maintained, before the expiration of the whole term or time for which fuch contraCt (hall be intended to have continuance, fhall alfo from the time of fuch removal ceafe and determine: provided always, that the removal of fuch perfon or perfons as aforefaid fhall not vacate the fecurity entered into by any houfe-holder or houfeholders as aforefaid, for the true obfervance and performance of the contraCt of fuch perfon or perfons fo having contracted and removing, but that the fame fhall continue in full force for the indemnification of the churchwardens and overfeers of fuch parifh or united parifhes againft any lofs or expcnce incurred in confequence of fuch non-performance of Not to extend fuch contraCt and of fuch removal: provided always, that where poor nothing in this aCt contained (hall extend or be conftrued to aremauitained extend to any parifh, townfhip, or place where the poor are aCt.*™ ** maintained under any fpecial aCt of parliament: provided alfo, that nothing in this aCt contained fhall extend or be conftrued
                                                                                                       to
 Contracts entered into
 Removal of contractor not to vacate the fecurity.
 Digil
Go gle
 NE
 T
 t
 I.
 k
 t-
 i-
 i
  if
  fs
  t
3
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.55. 1009,
 to extend to make void any contrail that (hall have been entered (Jontrafts en-
 into before the pafling of this act with any perfon or perfons for tfrcd ",n*? bc"
 . , , .     , r.                    °. . , ■     X           ftore pairing
 the lodging, keeping, maintaining, or employing of the poor of ^ no°to
 any parifh, by virtue or in purfuance of the faid alt of the ninth bc affefted. year of King George the FirSl atorefaid j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.
                       C A P. LV.
 An     aEl to    amend an aEl, made in the twenty-fifth year of his prefent
   Adajefly, for better examining and auditing the                        of
   this    kingdom, and for enabling the         commiffione, in certain ,
   to allow of vouchers although not flumped according to law,—
   [June 27, 1805.]
            $ *• 1 * \ ‘
 WHEREAS by an aEl paffid in the twenty-fifth year of his
         prefent Majefly's reign, intituled, An act for better ex-*5 G.3. c.5*. amining and auditing the publick accounts of this kingdom, it is enaEled, that the paymafier-general of his        , the
 furer of the navy, the treafurer of the                      ordnanceand every other pub-
 lick     officer, paying into the hands of any perfon or perfons
 money for publick fervices by way of imprefl or on      ,
 within thirty days after the thirty-firfl day of December in every year,        tranfmit an account of all fums of money, iffued or paid by him
 or them to any perfon or perfons for the publick fervice within the preceding year., to the commiffioners for auditing the publick who are required forthwith to tranfmit duplicates of the fame to his Majefly's remembrancer in the court of              Exchwho immediately
 on receipt of fucf) accounts is required to put the feveralfums fo iffued in charge againfl the parties, in like manner as with refpedl to perfons receiving money by way of imprefl or on account of the receipt of his Majefly's exchequer j and it is thereby further   that no                ac-
 countant Jhall be allowed in his account any fum which he Jhall iffue or pay over to\tny     fub-accountants, unlefs he Jhall have tranfmitted to the
 faid commiffioners regular accounts thereof in the manner and within the times above                  mentioned,       unlefs proof Jhall be , to the
 faElion of the lord high-treafurer or the commiffioners of the that any failure of tranfmitting the fame did not happen from the wilful       negUEl of the peifoniffuing or paying over the money as aforefaid:
  and whereas it is expedient to extend ike period within which accounts of fums of money iffued to fub-accountants may be tranfmitted to the commiffioners for auditing the publick accounts, and that the faid commiffioners fhould bc enabled in certain cafes to allow of vouchers for monies paid although the fame may not have been Jlamped according to law: be it therefore enalted by the King’s molt excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliamentaflembled, and by the authority of the feme, That it Shall be lawful for the The p*yma£ paymaster-general of his Majefty’s forces, the treafurer of the t^r general ot . navy, the treafurer of the ordnance, and every other publick t%a^,’r*nr officer, who, ftnee the thirty-firft day of December one thoufand of the navy, eight hundred and four, hath paid, or who Shall hereafter pay &c. fhall year-VoL.XLV. "                                                        3T ‘ into transmit aa
                                                                 NEW yorkpubuc
■
  lioners for publick accounts, who fhall take the account into confideration within fix months, &c.
 ioio Annoregni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 57. [1805.
 account of jnto the hands of any perfon or perfons whomfoever, money for oaid^Thun publick fervices by way of impreft or on account, within twelve for the pub- calendar months after the thirty-firft day of December one thou-lick fervict to fand eight hundred and five, and within twelve calendar months thecoinmif- after the thirty-firft day of December in' eve^y future year, to tranfmit an account of all fums of money ifliied or paid by him or them to any perfon or perfons for the publick fervice within the preceding year to the commiflioners for auditing the publick accounts, who (hall, within fix months after the receipt of fuch account, take the fame into confideration ; and if it (hall appear to them that the perfons to whom publick monies (hall be fo ftated to have been iffued or paid, or any of them, ought to be made fub-accountants, and to be fet infufier in the declared account of fuch principal, they (hall forthwith tranfmit a fchedule or certificate thereof to his Majefty’s remembrancer in the court of Exchequer, who fhall immediately put the fums fo iffued or paid in charge againft the faid party or parties, and the faid fums (hall be allowed in the accounts of the refpeftive accountants iffuing the fame, in like manner as if fuch accounts had been tranfmitted within the period preferibed by the faid a£h
   II. And be it further ena<5led, That it fhall be lawful for the commiflioners for auditing the pubiick accounts, in their examination of any accounts for any periods preceding the thirty-firft day of December one thoufand eight hundred and four, to admit and allow of receipts and vouchers for any monies exprelled therein to have been paid, although fuch receipts or vouchers (hall not have been (lamped according to law.
 Vouchers for accounts preceding Dec. 31, 1804, to be allowed though not damped.
                               CAP. LVI.
           An ad for further continuing, until the firft day of Februaiy one thou* fand eight hundred and nine, an ad, made in the twenty-leventh year of his prefent Majefty, for enabling the commiflioners of the Treasury to let to farm the duties on horfes let to hire for travelling poll, and by time.—[June 27, 1805.]
                             CAP. LVII.
                 An afi to conciliate and extend the fever al laws now in force, for
             allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods and merchandize inti and from certain ports in the Weft Indies.— [June 27, 1805.]
   _ ^ TTTHEREAS by an a£l paffed in the                              his
 *7     ?7.  yy prefent Majejly's reigintituled. An a<Sl for allowing the
           importation and exportation of certain goods, wares and merchandize, in the ports of King/lon, Savannah La Mar, Montego Bay,and Santa Lucea, in the ifland of Jamaica; in the port of Saint George in the ifland of Grenada; in the port of Roffeau in. the ifland of Dominica; and in the port of Naffau in the ifland of New Providence, one of the Bahama iflands, under certain regulations and reftriiftions; and by fever al other fequently thereto, the ports of Kingfton, Savannah La Mar, Montego Bay, Santa Lucca, and Port Antonio the ifland of
                                                                                           Jamaica,
igitiz


                                                                                  I
 I
 1
 *
 i
f
j
f
    1
  I
                    • • -*** •♦. •
                                                       — ,1
  1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georoii III. c. 57. ion
  Jamaica, the part 0} Saint George in the of Grenada, the port ^Rofieau in the ijland                          of Dominica, the port Saint John’s,
  in the ijland of Antigua, the port of San Jofef the if and of Trinidad, the port of Scarborough in                           Tobago,               the
  port tf/'Naflau in the ifland of New Providence one of the Bahama iflands, and the port of Road Harbour in the if and a/’.Tortola, were opened for the importation <f certain goods and merchandize under certain regulations and refriflions : and whereas it is expedient that fuch of the                     provifonsof the faid a£is relating to the importation or
  exportation of any                          goods,    wares,or merchandize to or from the
    aforefaid  ports, or any of                  them, or to the admijfion of any Jhips or
  vejfels into the faid                  ports, or any of them, or to any duties payable on
  fuch       importation, exportation, or admijfion, as are now
  be      confolidated into one aft, and that fuch of the faid laws as are
  now temporary Jhould be made perpetual; and that, in addition to the aforefaid ports, the port 0/" Saint Ann in the ijland of Jamaica, the port of Pitt’s Town in Portland Harbour in Crooked Bland another of the Bahama ifiands, the port of Kingfton in the ijland af Saint Vincent, and the principal port in the if and of Bermuda,
  Jhould be opened under certain regulations and                    :    may            it
  therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the palling of this ad, wool, The articles cotton wool, indigo, cochineal, drugs of all forts, cocoa, logwood, fuftick, and all forts of wood for dyers’ ufe, hides, fkins, and pro<judHon o tallow, beaver and all forts of furs, tortoife {hell, hard wood, or any colony of mill timber, mahogany, and all other woods for cabinet ware, America, may horfes, ailes, mules, and cattle, being the growth or production jcertain*fo-of any of the colonies or plantations in America, or of any rcipn vcllels to country on the continent of America, belonging to or under the certain ports dominion of any foreign European fovereign or ftate, and all >n the Weft coin and bullion, diamonds and precious ftones, may be imported InJle9, from any of the faid countries into the feveral ports of Kingfon,
  Savannah La                            Mar, Montego Bay, Santa Lucca, Antonio, and Saint
  Ann in the ifland of Jamaica, the port of             in         the              ifland
  of Grenada, the port of Rojfeau in the ifland of Dominica, the port of Saint John's in the ifland of Antig, the port of San Jofef in the ifland of Trinidad, the port of Scarborough in the ifland of Tobago, the port of Road Harbour in the ifland of                 , the             port .
  of Naffau in the ifland of New Providence one of the Bah ant a iflands, the port of Pitt's Town in Portland Harbour in Crooked Jfand another of the Bahama iflands, the port of Kingfon in the ifland of Saint Vincent, and the principal port in the ifland of Eermuda, in any foreign (loop, fchooner, or other vefl'el whatever, not having more than one deck, and being owned and navigated by perfons inhabiting any of the faid colonies or plantations in America, os countries on the continent of                   , belonging               to
  or under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign or
                                  3 T 2                  •                            Hate j
    
 PUB
 Duties payable on fuch tobacco.
 Sugar and
 1012 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 57- [i8o5-
    .         ftate; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwith-
               ftanding.
 Tobacco of II. And be it further enabled. That, from and after the pafling the growth of of this a<5l, tobacco, being the growth or production of any ifland dies'&c^ ma *n Wefl        Indies, or of any country on the continent of         ,
 be'knported^ belonging to or under the dominion of any foreign European fo-intothe ports vereign or ftate, may be imported from any of the faid iflands or above men- countries into any of the faid ports herein-before enumerated, tioned, and Jn the like foreign fhips and veflels, and be again exported from thence to this thence to any part of the United Kingdom, under the fame rules, kingdom. regulations, and reftri<51ions, and fubje<ft to the like penalties and forfeitures as are in this act mentioned and contained with regard to the goods, wares, and merchandize herein-before enumerated.
 III.    And be it further enabled. That all fuch tobacco fo imported into any of the faid ports, (hall, when imported into any part of the United Kingdom from any of the faid ports, pay the fame duties of cuftoms and excife, and none other, as tobacco, the growth or production of any of his Majefty’s plantations in the Wejl Indies, or of the territories of the United States of Ame- • rica, and be fubjeft to, the fame rules, regulations, conditions, and reftri&ions, and be liable to the (ame forfeitures and penalties for the breach thereof.
    IV.  And be it further enaCted, That it (hall and may be Jaw-
 coftee may be fu|^ from an{j after the pafling of this a&, to import into the faid foreig^fhi'ns Port        Najfauin the ifland of New           , and into the faid
 to Naflau, See. port of Pitt’s Town in Portland Harbour in Crooked            and
               into fuch other port or ports in the faid Bahama iflands, and into the principal port in the ifland of          ,  and into fuch
               port or ports in the iflands called      as (hall be approved by
               his Majefty in council, fugar and coffee, the produce of any foreign country or plantation, in fuch foreign (nips or veflels, and fubjeCl to fuch rules, regulations, and reflriifions, as are preferibed in this act with refpetft to>the goods, wares, and merchandize herein-before enumerated, and maybe V. And be it further enaCfcd, That fugar and coffee which imported into (ball be imported into the port of Najfau in the ifland of New from fuchi Providence^or the port of Pitt's Town in Crooked IJlandy or into ports without fuch port or ports in the laid Bahama iflands, or into the principal payment of port in the ifland of        Bermuda, or into any fuch port or ports in
 duty*        the faid iflands called     Caicos, as have been or may hereafter be
               approved by his Majefty in council, may be imported into and again exported from any of the faid ports, without payment of any duties of cuftoms whatfoever; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding. buton im- VI. And be it further ena&ed. That on the importation of any portation into fUgar or coffee into any mrt of the United Kingdom from the
 (hall pay the* Port                Najfau in t’ ifland of New       , or the faid
 duties payable ports of Pitt's Town in ^rooked      , or fuch other port or ports
 on fugar and in the Bahama iflands, or the ifhnd of           , or any fuch ports
 soffee not of jn the faid iflands called Caicosi fuch fugar or coffee mail refpcc-
                                                                                                                           tively

 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 57. 1013
 tively be deemed to be not of the Britijh plantations, and (hall the Britifh be liable to, and (hall, pay dutytof cuftoms and excife as fuch, plantations, and may be warehoufed in like manner, and (hall be fubjeCt to the regulations of any a<5t or a&s of parliament in force at the time of importation of fuch fugar or coffee, fo far as they relate to fugar or coffee not of the Britijh plantations.
   VII.    And be it further enabled. That, from and after the No goods ex-palling of this aCl, no goods, wares, or merchandize, except fuch cept tuch as as are herein-before enumerated, (hall be imported in any foreign are herein fhip, (loop, fchooner, or veflel whatever, from any of the colonies
 or plantations in America, or any countries on the continent of ported in fo-America belonging to or under the dominion of any foreign Eu- reign (hips ropeanfovereign or (late, into any of the before mentioned ports fron!' America upon any pretence whatever, tupon pain of forfeiting the fame, n*ien-togethcr with the (hip, (loop, fchooner, or veflel in which the tioned, on fame (hall be imported, and the guns, tackle, apparel, and furni- forfeiture ture of fuch (hip, (loop, fchooner, or veflel; and in every fuch taerc°^ w‘lh cafe the fame (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers 1 c 'P8, of his Majefty’s cuftoms or navy, who are or (hall be authorifed or empowered to make feizures in cafes of forfeiture, and (hall and may be profecuted in fuch manner as herein-after di-reded.
   VIII.  And be it further enabled. That it (hall and may be Rum andne-
 lawful, from and after the palling of this adf, to export from any grots may be of the faid ports to any of the colonies or plantations in  ,  [he faid^ crU*
 or any countries on the continent of A, belonging to or to America, under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign or (late, &c. in certain in any (loop, fchooner, or other veflel whatever, not having veflelss and more than one deck, and being owned and navigated by perfons          f™ds
 inhabiting any fuch colony, plantation^ or country, rum of the ported,except produce of any Britijh ifland, and alfo negroes which (hall have mails, &c. been brought into the faid iflands refpeCliVtly in      built  fr°m the Bri-
 (hips, owned, navigated, and regiftered according to law ; and tul' colon1*6* all manner of goods, wares, or merchandize, which (hall have
 been legally imported into the faid iflands refpeCtively, except mails, yards, or bowfprits, pitch, tar, and turpentine, and alfo except fuch iron a6 (hall have been brought from the Britijh colonies or plantations in America; any law, cullom, or ufage, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding,
   IX.      And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the Goods of the palling of this a£t, it (hall be lawful to. export in any Britijh (hip
 or veflel, owned and navigated according to law, from any of the may ht. faid iflands in this aCt enumerated, to any Britijh colony or plan- ported from tation in America or the IVeJi Indies, any goods or commodities the faid ports ■whatever of the manufacture of Europej and alfo any goods, wares, or merchandize, which (hall have been legally imported Britifh colony into any of the faid iflands, from any of the colonies or planta- in America, tions in America, or any country on the continent of America &c. belonging to or under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign or (late.
                                                  £. Provided
  
       ioi4 Anno regniquadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c-57* [*805.
       Officers of the X. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if any to be doubts fhall arife whether any fueh goods, wares, or merchan-thHegality. ° dize, intended to be fo exported, (hall have been legally im-oftheimpor- ported into the faid iflands refpedively in this ad enumerated, tation before the legality of fuch importation (hall be made appear to the fa-goods are tisfadion of the collector and comptroller, or other principal exportation. °®cer °f cuftoms at the port of exportation, before fuch goods, wares, or merchandize (hall be fuffered to be ihipped for exportation.
       Wool, &c. of XI. And it is hereby further enabled. That, from and after theprodudion the palling of this ad, all wool, cottoawool, indigo, cochineal,
       allowed Vo*be ^ruSs f°rts» cocoa, logwood, fuftick, and all forts of wood exported from (°r dyers’ ufe, hides, Ikins, and tallow, beaver and all forts of furs, the faid ports tortoife (hell, mahogany and all other woods for cabinet ware, to this ktng- Qf the growth or production of any of the colonies or plantations in A meric a y or countries on the continent of America belonging tions provided to or under the dominion of any foreign European fovereign or by          date, (hall be allowed to be exported from any of the faid illands
                   in this a£t enumerated, to any part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, under the rules, regulations, reftric-tions, fecurities, penalties, and forfeitures, particularly mentioned and provided in an ad of parliament made in the twelfth year of iiCana.c.i8. the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An ail for
                   raging and    increafing of Jhipping and ; and in another ad
                   of parliament made in the tweoty-fecond and twenty-third years as&.»}Car. t.of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft •c.   26.   vent the planting of tobacco in England, andfor regulating the plan-
                   tation trade; and in another ad of parliament made in the twen-ao G. 3. c. ro- tieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft to allow the trade between Ireland and the Brit i(Vi colonics and plantations in America and the Weft Indies, and the BritKh Jettlements on the coajl of Africa, to be carried on in like manner as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the faid colonies and fettle ments; or in any of the faid ads, with refped to the goods, wares, or merchandize, therein enumerated or deferibed. -
   XII.    And be it further enaded, That, from and after the parting of this ad, no goods or commodities whatever, of the growth, produdion, or manufadure of the Eafl , or other places beyond the Cape of Good , (hall upon any pretence
exporredfrom whatever be exported from any of the ports enumerated in this the faid ports a<c^ t0 any other Britijh colony or plantation in America or the IVtJl Indies, upon pain of forfeiting fuch goods or commodities, together with the (hip or veiTel in which the fame (hall be fo exported, and the guns, tackle, apparel, and furniture of fuch (hip or vefl’el.
   XIII.   And be it further enaded, That, from and after the pafling of this ad, if any foreign (hip or vefl'el as aforefaid, arriving at or in any of the aforefaid ports, (hall have on board
with* goods of any goods or commodities whatever, of the growth, produdion, the produc- or manufadure of the Eajl , or other places beyond the tion of the        .....                                            Cape
 No goods of the production of the Fall Indies, See. (hail be
 to any Britilh colony in America, on forfeiture thereof.
 Foreign (hips arriving at any of the faiJ ports ’
      Go ^lc
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 58. 1015
 Cape of Good Hope, fuch goods or  commodities (hall be forfeited,
 together with the (hip or veflel in which the fame (hall be forfeited. 6 brought, and all her guns., ammunition, tackle, and apparel, whether fuch goods or commodities (hall be intended to be landed or not, or whether bulk (hall have been broken or not.
    XIV.      And be it further enafted, That no duty of gunpowder, No duty of nor any fee or reward whatever, (hall be demanded, taken, or gunpowder, received, by any officer or officers whatever in the faid iflands t^*en refpeftively in this aft enumerated, for any entry, cocquet, any office/ clearance, or paflport, for any foreign (hip or veflel, or for any for the entry goods, wares, or merchandize, imported into or exported from °£ clearance the faid iflands refpeftively in fuch foreign (hips or vefl'els, under
 the like pains and penalties as are inflifted upon officers exacting or receiving greater fees than are allowed by any aft or afts of parliament now in force for regulating the fees of the officers of 1 the cuffoms in his Majeffy’s colonies and plantations in America.
    XV.    And be it further enafted, That all penalties and for-Penalties and
 fei'ures impofed by this aft (hall and may be refpeftively profit- ^er^to be cuted, fued for, recovered, and divided, in                        fuej fon
 Jerj'ey, or the IJle of Man, or in any of his Majefty’s colonies or
 iflands in     America,in the fame manner  and form, and by the . .
 fame rules and regulations in all refpefts, in fo far as the fame are applicable, as any other penalties and forfeitures impofed by any aft or afts of parliament made for the fecurity of the revenue of thecuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, or for the regulation of trade or navigation, and which were in force immediately before the palling of this aft, may be refpec-tively profecuted, fued for, recovered, and divided, in Great Britain, Guernfey, Jerfey, or the IJle of , or in any of his Adajefty’s colonies or iflands in America.              ........
    XVI.   And be it further enafted, That all fuch. claufes, pro- Former afts
 vifions, articles, matters, and things, in anyiforpier aft or afts relat ing to the of parliament contained, as relate to the opening and eflablilhing        p0rts
 any ports in the iflands herein before mentioned, or any of them, (hall be re,, p for the more free importation and exportation of the goods, pealed, wares, and merchandize, in this aft enumerated, (hall fropi
 and after the pafling of this aft be and the fame are hereby "               '
 repealed.                        • .                                         ’
                           r                             *         *),, J f, I Hi . ,»
        ;                  cap.       Lviir.                     ,           X:
 An a {I to repeal an aSl, made in the twenty-third year of bis prefent Majejly,for the better regulation of the office of paymafler-general of his           Majejly's forces, and the more regular payment of the army;
    and for the more effequally regulating the faid office.—.[June 27,
    1805.]
 WHEREAS feveral of the provifms of an paffed in the
        twenty-third year of his Majejly's , intituled. An aft for the better regulation of the office of the paymafler-general of his Majefty’s forces, and the more regular payment of the army;
                              ,                                and
   

 to the governor and company of the bank of England#
      1016 Annoregni quadragefimoquintoGEORon III. c. 58. [1805.
                  and to repeal an all, made in the laft feffion of parliament, in-tituled, * An adt for the better regulation of the office of p3y-mafter-general of his Majefty’s forces.’ been found inconvenient: be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-G. 3. c. 50. bled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid a<ft (hall be, repealed. and the fame is hereby repealed.
      Thepaymaf- II. And be it further enabled, That the paymafter-general of ter-general,in hjs Majefly’s forces for the time being, in all memorials to be to\h^Tre!i-* him prefented to theTreafury for money for army fervices, fury, to fpecify ^ha^ Pray» that fuch fum as he requires may be iflued to the go-the lum re- vernor and company of the bank of        , on his account,
      quired, and fpecifying in every fuch memorial the fum he requires, and titular^fcr-*1'" f°r w^at Par,lcuIar fervice or fervices; and the commiffioncrs of v:ce j and the bis Majefty’s treafury for the time being, or any three or more fum required of them, by their letter, from time to time (hall direft the auditor flinh be iflued Qf the Exchequer to ilfue to the faid governor and company, on account of the paymafter-general of his Majefty’s forces (naming fuch paymafter-general for the time being), the fum for which fuch letter fhall be drawn upon the unfatisfied order at the Exchequer in favour of the faid paymafter-general, for which the receipt of the cafhier. or cafhiers of the faid governor and com-, pany fhall be a fufficient difeharge; and all fums for which fuch letters of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury fhall be drawn, fhall be iflued from the Exchequer to the governor and company of the bank of                    , and not to the paymafter-
 general of his Majefty’s forces, and fhall be placed to the account in the books of the faid governor and company, intituled, “ The account of the paymafter-general of his Majefty’s forces,” in-ferting the name of fuch paymafter-general for the time being-ill. And be it further ena&ed, That no fees whatever fhall bTmtid^Vthe Pa'^ at Exchequer or Treafury, by reafon of the tranf-F.xchequer ar actions aforefaid, beyond the amount of what hath been ufually Treafury. paid upon imprefts and accounts hitherto made, according to the former cuftdm of tranfading bufinefs between the Exchequer, Pay-Office, and Bank feverally.
      Pnyrnafter or IV. And be h further enacted. That the paymafter-general draw^o^nhe*      Majefty’s forces for the time being, by himfelf or his de-
      Bank tor all puty, or the perfon or perfons in his office duly authorifed by the army fer- faid paymafter-general, (hall draw upon the governor and com-vices; Bank pany of the bank of England, for all army fervices whatever, by lef* on ^proper ^ra^s %ned by him or his deputy, or the perfon or perfons fo drafts. ° authorifed; and fhall fpecify in every draft, the particular head of fervice to which the fum therein mentioned is to be applied; and no draft of the faid paymaftcr or his deputy, or the perfon or perfons authorifed as aforefaid, fhall be deemed a fufficient voucher to the faid governor and company, unlefs the fame fhall fpecify the fervice for which it is drawn, and fhall be a<5hially paid by the faid governor and company; and the monies fo to be iflued to the faid governor and company on account of the
                                                                                                      paymaftcr-
 Only cufto-rrnrv fWs to
    
 1805.] Anno regnt quadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. C.58. 1017
 paymafter-general of his Majefty’s forces, fhal! not be paid out of the Bink, unlefs for army fervices, in purfuance of drafts in which (hall be fpecified the heads of fervice to which the fums therein mentioned are to be applied, and which drafts fo drawn (hall be fufficicnt authority to the Bank to pay fuch money to the perfons mentioned in fuch drafts, or to the bearer thereof.
    V.     And, in order that the commijjioners of his Majcjly’s treafury may have frequent knowledge of the balance of cafh in the hands of the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the pay-mafler-general, and thereby be enabled to judge of the propriety and neceffity of further ijfues, and to prevent the unneceffary accumulation
 of publick money in the hands of the faid governor and ; be it enaded. That in the firft memorial prefented every month, or Paymafter on oftener if required, to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s trea- his firft me-furv, by the paymafter-general for the time being, for a fupply Treafury of money for army fervices, fuch paymafter-general, or the cvery month, accountant in his office, fhall infert in the body of fuch memo- ftiall infertthe rial, the fum total of the balance of publick money on account balance of . * of the paymafter-general in the hands of the faid governor and company, together with an account of all the claims, outftand- jj^nk, on his ing drafts, and other demands, with which fuch balance is account, chargeable, and is to be applied.
    VI.    And be it further enadled, That the paymafter-general Manner of for the time being fhall, during his continuance in office, make making up the up an annual account of the ordinary and extraordinary fervices ^neral'^ac-of the army, to be intituled, “ The account of the paymafter- COqnts, general of his Majefty’s forces,” the firft annual account after
 the parting of this a£t, to commence on the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred and four, and to end on the twenty-fourth day of December one thoufand eight hundred and five, and every fqcceeding account to commence on the twenty-fifth day of December, and to end on the twenty-fourth day of December following : provided always, that in the event of the death, refignation, or removal of the paymafter-general in the courfe of the year, the accounts fhall be made up in the manner following; (that is to fay), the accounts for the pay of all regiments, troops, and companies, fhall be made up to the twenty-fourth day of the month of which the fubfiftence of the army fhall have been paid in advance previous to fuch death, refignation, or removal; the accounts for the pay of the general and ftafF-officers, garrifons, and other regular voted fervices, fhall be made up fo as to include all payments which fhall have been adtualiy made on account thereof, previous to fuch death, removal, or refignation ; and the accounts of the extraordinary fervices of the army fhall be made up to the day of fuch death, removal, or refignation; and in every fuch cafe the fucceeding paymafter-general fhall open a new and diftindt account or accounts for all army fervices, the pavments for which fhall not have been completed by his predeceft'or or predecefl’ors; and all payments neceftary to complete fuch fervices fhall be made in the name of the paymafter-general for the time being, who fhall
                                                         caufe
   
t
Digitize
 On the death or removal of
 veil in his fucccifor.
 Accounts of
      1018 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 58. [1805.
caufe the fame to be entered in fuch new and diftindt account.or accounts, until all payments for fuch fervices (hall be completed.
  VII.  And be it further enadled, That upon the death, refig-
.     nation, or removal of any paymafter-general of his Majefty's
tht balance in f°rceS die balance of cadi for which he (ball at that time have the Bank to credit’ on his account as paymaftcr general with the governor aifd company of the bank of England, (hall, as foon as a fuccef-for (hall be appointed, actually vert in fuch fucceflor in truft for the fcrvice of the army, and be forthwith carried over and placed to the account of fuch fucceflor of fuch paymafter-general of his Majefty’s forces, to be applied to the laid (ervice in puifuance of the like drafts as aforefaid ; and the luccccding paymafter-general (hall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requifitions to the Treafury, and to ifl’ue his drafts as aforefaid, for all unfatisfied charges and demands on account of army fervices which (hall have accrued in the time of any preceding paymafter-general.
  VIII.                And be it further enadled, T hat all fuch accounts of *encraKo^e" Paymaftcr"general f°r die time being, (hall be tranlmitted, transmitted to with proper vouchers, to the commillloncrs for auditing the the auditor*, publick accounts, who (hall and they are hereby directed and
                  required, with the leaft poflible delay after the receipt thereof, to examine or caufe to be examined the faid accounts, and if found fatisfadlory, to prefent or caufe to be prefented the lame to the proper officer or officers for declaration; and when the fame ate declared, a quietus or acquittance in the ufual form (hall-be made out to the paymafter or paymafters-general whofc accounts (hall have been fo declared, his or their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators.
                    IX.                     And whereas it may frequently happen that the clearing war-
                  rants for accounts of regiments, , or , ferving at any places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, or Cape Horn,      , by
                  reajon of the great elijlance of fuch , be made out till long after all the other accounts of army fervices are fettled and prepared for
                            examination, whereby much unavoidable and inconvenient delay might ar'tfe in the examination offuch fettled       ; for remedy whereof
      For keeping be it ena&ed. That it fliall be lawful for the paymatter-general of accounts of of his Majefty’s forces, for the time being, to n.ake out and beyond the6* keep *be accounts for all regiments, troops, and companies. Cape of Good ar>d other army ferv ces, in places beyond the Cape of Good hope, Hope or Cape or Cape Horn, feparate and diftincSt from all other accounts tor Horn, fepa- army fervices, and to tranfmit fuch other accounts for army other a™    fervices, whenever the fame (hall be prepared for examination,'
      counts, and ,0 die commiflioners for auditing the public accounts, without providing for regard to the accounts for any fuch places beyond the Cape of the txamina- Good Hope and Cape Horn; and whenever the faid accounts lor tion thereof. pjaces beyond the Cape of Good Hope and Cape Horn can be made op and prepared foi examination, in like manner to tranfmit the fame to the commiflioners for auditing the publick accounts; and the faid commiflioners for auditing the publick accounts are hereby authorifed and required to examine, or
                                                                                                               caufe
Go gle
NEW
       1805.] Annoregniquadiagefirnoquinto GeorgiiIII. c. 58.                1019
       caufe to be examined, fuch accounts for general army ferviccs when fo tranfmitted to them, although the accounts for regiments; troops, and companies, and other army fervices, at any fuch places beyond the Cape of Good Hope and Cape , fhall not be included therein; and in like manner to examine, or caufe to be examined, the faid laft-mentioned accounts whenever the fame fhall be tranfmitted to them; and if fuch r'efpec-tive accounts fhall be found fatisfatflory, to prefent, or caufe to be prefented, the fame refpedivcly for declaration; and when the fame refpetfively are declared, a quietus or acquittance in the ufual form (hall be made out to the paymafter-general whole accounts fhall have been fo declared, his or their heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, for the amount of fuch refpeilive accounts, in like manner as if in the fame refpe&ivcly had been included the whole ordinary and extraordinary fervices of the army for the year.
          X.  And whereas no accounts of any paymajhr-gcneral have been
       faffed before the commiff,oners for auditing the          , for
       a period fubfequent to the paffng of the faid recited ait, and it is expedient that fome provifton                           jhould be m order to their being
       made up and paffed before thefaid                             commiff oner s, as J'peedily as may be;
       be it therefore enadted, That the prelent paymafter-general, and All accounts the paymafter-general for the time being, fhall and they are ofpaymafters-hereby required, to caufe all fuch accounts of the feveral perfons j^ar direS-who have been pavmafters-general, from the twenty-fourth daye(j to be made of April one thouTand feven hundred and eighty-two to the up, in order twenty-fourth of December one thoufand eight hundred and four,to their being as have not been made up and completed, to be forthwith made the auditora* up and completed, in order to their being palled before the faid commilfioners; and it fhall be lawful for the paymafter-general,
       for the time being, to give all fuch directions as fhall be ncce/Tary for the completion ot fuch accounts; and all fuch accounts, when made up and completed, fhall, together with the vouchers, be tranfmitted to the faid commiftioners for- auditing the publick accounts, who fhall, and they are hereby required, to examine or caufe to be examined the fame, with the lead poflible delay after the receipt thereof, and if found fatisfaeftory, to prefent or caufe to be prefented the fame to the proper officer or officers for declaration, and when the fame are declared, a quietus or acquittance in the ufual form fhall be made out to the paymafter-general, his heirs, executors, or adminiftrators, to whom fuch acquittance fhall be due: provided always, that nothing herein contained fhall be conftrued to extend to exonerate any of the perfons who have executed the office of paymafter-general fince the paffing of the faid recited a<51, or their legal rcprefcntatives* * from any reTponfibility to which they are liable by any law now in force.                                                   .
          XI.  And be it further enabled. That the paymafter-general Memorials for
       for the time being, in his memorials to the Treafury for money         the
       required to complete the army fervices for any periods prior to fervices of the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred former years,
                                                                                                       and 10 fpecity that
Original frq
NEW YORK PUBLIC
Go gle
 1020
       cqii for thole fer vices.
 Paymafter to keep an account with the Bank.
 Book 9 of accounts in the paymafter’s office, (hall
Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 58. [1805.
it is required and four, fhall fpecify that the money required is for fuch fervices ; and all fuch fums fhall be iflued to the p-.ymafters-general for the time being, on account of the paymafters-general, prior to the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred and four, and fhall be entered in the books of the governor and company of the bank of                      , under a feparate
                 title; and in his drafts upon the faid governor and company for money to complete fuch fervices, the paymafter-general for the time being (ball fpecify the fer vice for which the faid money is required.
                    All. And be it further ena&ed. That the paymafter-general of his Majefty’s forces for the time being fhall keep an account with the bank of England of all monies ifTued or directed to be paid to him for the fer vice of the army; and the paymafter-general, observing the rules and regulations hereby preferibed, fhall not be anfwerable for any money which he fhall not adlually receive, or which fhall not be adlually drawn for by him or his deputy, or other perfon or perfons authorifed by him as aforefaid ; and the faid governor and company of the bank, of England fhall be anfwerable for all the monies which fhall be actually received by them for the fervice of the army.
     XIII.                And be it further ena&ed. That all books of account, and all vouchers whatever, kept in the office of paymafter-general, fhall belong to the faid office, and fhall not be at the be'held'to'be- difpofal of the paymafter-general to take and difpofe of the fame long to the          as his private and proper books of account and vouchers : prolame.                vided that nothing herein fhall extend to prevent any perfon
                 who hath exercifcd the office of paymafter-general, or his or their executors or adminiftrators, by himfelf or themfelves, or by any perfon or perfons authorifed by him or them, from taking copies of extra&s thereof, until an acquittance in the Exchequer fhall be made out for fuch paymafter, his heirs, exe* cutors, and adminiftrators; nor the tranfmiffion of the vouchers in due time to the comtniffioners for auditing the publick accounts.
     No fees to be XIV. And be it further enadted. That no fee, perquifite, taken in the emolument, or reward whatfoever, whether arifing from the ufe 8 of the publick money, or in any other manner, (other than and bufinefsdone except the falaries and allowances herein-after mentioned), fball (herein. be taken in the faid office, for any bufinefs, matter, or thing to be done therein; and in lieu thereof the officers, clerks, and fervants in the faid office, fhall receive annual falaries, payable quarterly without deduction, and not otherwife; and a lift of the faid officers, clerks, and fervants, together with an account of the falaries paid to them from time to time, fhall be entered in a book, intituled, “ The Salary Book,” and depofited in the office of the faid paymafter-general and copies thereof lodged in the Treafury and bank of                     ; and if any perfon belonging
                 to, or who fhall hereafter belong to the faid office, fhall take or accept any fee, perquifite, emolument, or reward, (other than and except the falaries and allowances above mentioned), b«
                                                                                                                   fhall
  
     1S05.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 58. jozx
     fhall be difmifled from his office or employment, and be rendered incapable of ferving his Majefty in any employment whatever, for the fpace of three years: provided always, that no augmentation fhall at any time be made to the falaries of any fuch officers, clerks, or fervants, without the approbation of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury; and that when any fuch augmentations fhall take place, an entry thereof (hall forthwith be made in the book fo to be kept, and new duplicates thereof fhall be tranfmitted to the Treafury and to the bank of England.
        XV.      Provided always, and be it enabled. That nothing in Notfodepriv* this a<5t contained fhall be conftrued to deprive the paymaster-
     general of the ufual allowances for himfelf or for contingencies, a]jowancci nor to prevent him from adminiftering or applying the faid for himfelf, contingencies according to the ufual courfe of office.        anil for con-
        XVI.  Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That nothing tin^enc‘<a*
     herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to take Not fo take away, diminiih, or alter the power of the paymafter-general         0f the
     his Majefty’s forces, to appoint, remove, or change at his paymaftrrof pleafure ail or any of the officers and clerks employed in his removing of-iaid office, or with the confent and approbation of the commif- ftcer8 fioners of the Treafury, or any three of them, fignified in writ-   *“   *
     ing, to increafe the number of fuch clerks, in cafe the circum-
     ftances of the bufinefs of the faid office fhould render fuch an increafe neceflary; which faid additional officers and clerks fhall, upon their refpe&ivc appointments be fubjeft to all the rules, regulations, provifions, pains, and penalties, to which the officers and clerks now exifting in the faid office are by this a& made liable.
        XVII.     And be it further enabled. That the fecretary at war Secretary at fhall and he is hereby required to form or caufe to be formed ^jmatesof1 eftimates for (he feveral annual fervices of the army, (that is to t(,e fcveTAi fay); an eftimate of the charge of the penfions to be paid to the annual <cr-widows of commiflioned officers; an eftimate of the charge of vices, under the ciothing of the non-commiffioned officers and private men d'ltind heads, of his Majefty’s forces; an eftimate of the charge of agency, including the allowance made to the agent of the fubfiftence
     of non-effedtive men, called Warrant Men\ an eftimate of the charge of the in and out-penfioners of                , and of
     the expences of the faid hofpital; an eftimate of the actual pay of the commiflioned officers and non-commiffioned officers and private men of his Majefty’s forces, on the feveral eftablilh-ments; an eftimate of the charges of the allowance made to field officers and captains, and for the ufe of riding mafters, rough riders, and expences incident to the fame; an eftimate of the extra-allowance for farriery; an eftimate of the allowance for great coats; an eftimate of the charge of the allowance to the paymafter-general of his Majefty’s forces, the fecretary at war, the comptrollers of army accounts,?the commiflary-gcneral of the*mufters, the judge advocate, their refpeClive deputies, clerks, and the contingent expences of their refpedlive offices, exchequer fees, and all other fervices, formerly paid out of the
deduction
     
                       *                      •                r           r
                                             ion Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 58. [1805.
                    deduction of twelve pence in the pound and one day's pay, and' not otherwife, provided for by this a&» as alfo, eftimates of all fuch other charges for all army fervices, as it may from time to time be neceffary or expedient to fubmit to parliament; and the faid fecretary at war (hall and he is hereby required to tranfmit copies of ihe faid eftimates, fo foon as the fame (hall have been agreed to by the Houfe of Commons, to the office of the pay-mafter-general of his Majefty’s forces.
       Paymafterto XVIII. And be it further enabled, That the paymafter gene-ifl'ue monies ral of his Majefty's forces (hall, and he is hereby directed and foTToathin reclu'rec'* as *oon 3^rer the twenty-fourth day of ‘June and the at toon in g’ twenty-fourth day of December in every year as money (hall be every year as iflued for that purpofe, to iflue to fuch .perfon or perfons as money is ^ have regular aflignments from the feveral colonels and other fIUt? \°h,“ officers commanding regiments, corps, troops, or companies, pofe. *Hir f°r the monies formerly called Nett Off-Reckonings^ for the cloathing of the non-commi(honed officers and private men of his Majefty’s regular and fencible forces; provided the pay-mafter-general diall at fuch time have been furniflied with proper eftabliftiments of the feveral regiments and corps for Not to alter which fuch monies arc then to be iflued : provided always, that throhPtrsV&ceof nothin? in this a£l (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to colonels    sic. mak'ng any alteration in the privileges, profits, or emolu-
                                                     relative to ments which the faid colonels or other officers commanding cloathing, or regiments, corps, troops, or companies now derive, either from non-effective tjie cloathing of the non-effe<5live men called JVarrant , or hautboys of their refpe£five regiments, troops, and companies, but the faid colonels and other officers (hall continue to have
 Secretary at war to tranf-mit to the /matter's
 ottice, an account of the effective officers and privates, regulars, and embodied militia in Great Britain.
 Annual allowances to riding-matters of the horfe and dragoons, in lieu of grafs money.
enjoyed and received the fame privileges, profits, and emolu- . ments as they would otherwife enjoy and receive from the nett off-reckonings, and from the non-effe<£live men called IVarrcnt Meny or hautboys of their refpedlive regiments and corps, troops and companies, had this ail not been made.
   XIX.                And, for the better prevention of the iffuing from the Exchequer any more monies than Jhall be                       recited
in this a£l\be it enabled, That, from and after the palling of this
ail, the fecretary at war (hall, and he is hereby diredled and required, from time to time, to tranfmit to the office of the pay-mafler-general of his Majefty’s forces, accounts of the fums neceffary to be iflued for the feveral fervices of his Majefty’s regular and fencible forces and embodied militia, according to the effective ftrength and the ailual expenditure thereof, dif-tinguiftiing each corps feverally; and the faid paymafter-genera! (hall, and he is hereby directed and required, to form his memorials and requifitions to the Tleafury, and to iflue his drafts on the Bank as aforefaid, according to the faid accounts.
   XX.       And be it further enadeJ, That, from and after the paffing of this a<5l, the feveral allowances now borne or hereafter to be borne on the regimental eftabliftiments (hall be made, namely, the allowances to captains of troops and companies, and.to certain field officers not having troops or com-
                        ,                                    panies \
   Go
                                            1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgti III. c. 58. 1023
        panies; the allowance for the ufe of the riding-hiafters and rough riders, and for immediate expences relating to the fame ; the extra allowances for farriery, and the allowances for great coats; for which faid allowances the paymafter-gencral of his Majefty’s forces fhall, and he is hereby directed and required to form his memorials and requifitions, and to iflue his drafts as aforefaid, as foon after the twenty-fourth day of June and the twenty-fifth day of December in every year, as the fame can conveniently be done, in equal payments, and to charge the fame to the account of each corps as aforefaid.
          XXI.     And be irfurther enadied. That the agents of all regi- Agents to ments, troops, and companies of his Majefty’s regular and Til<»ccc>unts fencible forces and embodied militia (hall and they are hereby nf their diredled and required to make up annual accounts of every refpetfive regiment, troop, and company for the preceding year, ending regiments, the twenty-fourth day of December in every year; the accounts of the forces and militia ferving in Great Britain to be made up within fix months after the expiration of the year, and the accounts of the feveral corps on foreign fervice within nine months after the expiration of the year, unlefs the pay-lifts from thofe on foreign fervice (hall not have been received and fettled, , fo as to enable the agents to make up fuch accounts; and in the faid accounts the feveral imprefts or monies received, including every receipt which ought to be brought to the credit of the publick, in the accounts of the refpeeftive corps, and the feveral dilburfements or monies paid, including agency, lhall be properly diftinguiftied under the feveral heads of fervice; and the balance which fhall be due to or from the publick on account of every regiment, troop, and company fhall be ftruck; and fuch agents fhall tranfmit the faid accounts within the times limited as aforefaid, together with proper vouchers, agreeably to the prefent ftanding regulations, or any future regulations which his Majefty fhall be pleafed to eftabiifh, to the office of the fecretary at war, and a copy thereof to the office of the pay-mafter;general of his Majefty’s forces; and on failure herein, or in any other of the regulations prelcribed to agents by this a<ft, every agent fo offending fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds for every offence, to be recovered by any perfon or perfons who fhall fue for the fame; and the fecretary at war, or fuch other perfon or perfons as fhall be duly authorifed by his Majefty for that purpofe, fhall, and he or they is or are hereby dire£!ed and required to examine and fettle, or caufe to be examined and fettled, the aforefaid annual accounts, within three months after the receipt of the faid accounts refpe&ively, and when fettled, to tranfmit certificates of the feveral charges allowed in the faid accounts, to the office of the paymafter-gtneral of his Majefty’s forces, with warrants figned by his Majefty, dire<fting and authorifing the faid paymafter-general to form memorials and requifitions, and to iflue his drafts as aforefaid, for the balance or nett monies due to each regiment, troop, and company of his Majefty’s regular forces and embodied
                                                              militia
                                                             
NEW YORK PUBI
 the Exche-
 3uer, to be eemed debtors to the crown.
      1024 Anno regni quadragefimo quintoGEaRGii III. c.58. [1S05.
                   militia, for clearings, and to charge the fame to the account of the fa id regiment, troop, and company; and the faid warrants (hall authorife and diredt the paymafter-general to make the excefs which (hall arife upon the feveral eftablifhments, after deducting therefrom the monies fo difburfed and paid as afore-faid, a faving, and to carry it to the credit of the publick, and .         to charge every deficiency which fhall arife from the feveral
                   eftablifhments not being able to difeharge the difburfements paid on account as aforel'aid, to the general account of contingencies, or to fuch other fund as may be applicable thereto.
      Agents not XXII. And be it further enabled, That whenever a balance paying in their (hall in any agent’s account fo to be tranfmitted as aforefaid, be ~ admitted to be due to the publick, and alfo whenever it fhall requilition of appear from the warrants fo tranfmitted to the paymaftcr-thepaymafter- general, that a balance is due to the publick from any agent on general into any 0f his accounts aforefaid, it fhall be lawful for the paymafter-general for the time being, to require fuch agent forthwith to pay fuch balance into the bank of                        , to the
 account of the paymafter-general of his Majefty’s forces, of which payments, certificate fball be granted to the parties making the fame, by the cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of     ,
                   and the faid certificate (hall be a fufficicnt difeharge to the faid parties for the fums exprefled therein ; and in cafe fuch agent fhall for the fpace of one calendar month after being required fo to do, refufe or negledt to pay fuch balance into the bank of England as aforefaid, the amount of the balance fo ad-mitted to be due by fuch agent, or fo appearing due from the faid warrant, fhall from the time of fuch requifition be deemed and confidered to be a debt to his Majcfty on record, and be recoverable as fuch by his Majefty, his heirs, and fuccefibrs, with full cods of fuit, and all other charges attending the fame, by the like procefs as by the laws of that part of the United Kingdom wherein fuch agent fhall refide, any debt to his Majefty arifing within the fame may be recovered.
                      XXIII.     Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That where any perfon fball be agent for more than one regiment, troop, or company, by rcafon whereof it may happen that a balance may be due from fuch agent to the publick on account of fome or one of fuch regiments, troops, or companies, and a balance may be due from the publick to fuch agent on account of others of them, every fuch agent fhall and he is hereby required annually to tranfmit to the paymafter-general of his Majefty’s forces, together with the copy of his annual accounts hereby required to be tranfmitted, a general abftradt thereof, including all the regiments, troops, or companies for which be is agent, in order that it may appear to the fatisfaction of the paymafter-general, whether, upon the whole of fuch accounts, a balance (hall be due to or from the publick; and in every cafe in which fuch abftradt as by this a<5t is required fhall be tranfmitted, it fhall not be lawful for the paymafter-general to require fuch agent to pay into the bank of          a fum  greater on
                                   - *                                       the
 Agents, for more than one regi-menti to tranfmit an abftrad of accounts of balances.
  ^Go gle
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 58. 1025
 the whole on the account of fuch balances which may be due from him on account of the refpcftive regiments, troops, or companies for which he is agent, than (hall appear to be in his hands upon the whole of the faid accounts: provided always, that fo long as any fuch balance fhall remain due from fuch agent to the publick on the whole of the faid accounts, no monies (hall be iflued by the paymafter-general to fuch agent, on account of any regiment, troop, or company.
    XXIV.      And be it further enabled, That all monies whatever Monies to be which may at any time become payable by any perfon or perfons paid into the whomfoever to the paymafter-general of his Majefty’s forces,
 (hall be paid into the bank of England, to the account of the paymafter-paymafter-general of his Majefty’s forces; and certificate of general, fuch payments, which (hall be fufficient difeharges to the perfons paying fuch money, (hall be granted in like manner as is herein directed in cafes of balances paid by agents into the bank of England; and all monies when fo paid into the bank of         ,
 as well by agents or any other perfon or perfons, (hall be placed to the fame account, and be drawn for in the fame manner, as if the fame had been iflued from the Exchequer in purfuance of any memorial prefented by the paymafter-general, according to the dire&ions of this a<5f.
    XXV.       Provided always, and be it further enadted, That it Agents to fhall be lawful for the fecretary at war, and alfo for the paymafter- make up fuch general of his Majefty’s forces, whenever they fhall think fitto count^as require any agent or agents to make up in the courfe of any year fecretary at fuch account or accounts as the fecretary at war, or the paymafter- war and p^y-general of his Majefty’s forces, may have occafion for, and alfo mafter general to require any perfon or perfons who fhall have been an agent ma^ re<luirc* or agents, but who fhall have ceafed to be fuch, or the representatives of luch agent or agents, to make up and tranfmit fuch accounts for the whole or any part of the periods during which
 he or they (hall have been an agent or agents, and which fhall not have been finally fettled, as the fecretary at war or paymafter-general may.have occafion for; and any fuch agent or agents, or perfon or perfons having been an agfent or agents, or the repre-* fentatives of any fuch agent or agents, refufing obedience to fuch requifition or requilitions, or negledting for the fpace of , three calendar months alter the fame (hall have been made to obey the fame, fhall for every offence be liable to the like penalty, and to be recoverable in the like manner as is hereinbefore provided in cafe of failure to tranfmit fuch annual accounts as aforefaid: provided alfo, that nothing herein contained fhall extend to exonerate the colonel or commandant of any regiment, troop, or company, or the reprefentatives of any fuch colonel or commandant from any refponfibility to which he or they is or are or may be liable, for any failure or deficiency of the refpeftive agents of fuch regiments, troops, or companies.
     XXVI.      And be it ena&ed. That this a<ft fhall not extend or This aft not be conftrued to extend to the making any alteration in the to extend to prefent mode or regulation of the two regiments of life-guards, thuea^°srfe"
     V ol. XLV.                 3II                           the foot-guarda*
- NEW YORK P
                                                             
                                            1026 AnnoregniquadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c.59» [1805.
                 the royal regiment of horfe-guards, or the three regiments of foot-guards, but the fame (hall continue in the practice of the fame mode and regulations as they would otherwife have done bad this ad not been made.
                                       CAP. LIX.
                           An aft          for amending an aft, pajfed in the parliament of Ireland in
                   the thirty-fifth year of his prefent    , 'for regulating the
                   election of members to ferve in         , fo far as relates to
                   freeholds under the yearly value of twenty pounds; and for making further and other regulations relating thereto.— [June 27, 1805.]
                 WHEREAS by an aft, paffed in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent majefiy King Irifli aft George the Third, intituled, An act for regulating the election of is G. 3. members to ferve in parliament, and for repealing the feveral ads therein mentioned, it is enafted, that no perfon /hall be admitted to vote at any eleftion of a member or members to ferve in parliament, by virtue of a freehold under the yearly value of twenty pounds, unlefs fuch freeholdfbhll have been in his aftudl               ,                      ei-
                 ther by hisreftding thereon, or tilling or grazing the fame to the amount of forty Jhillings yearly value thereof, at the time of his regfiering the fame purfuant to the provift the faid aft, and alfo for fix fuccefftve calendar months at the leaf between the date of fuch regifiry and the tefie of the writ for holding the , unlefs fuch freehold
                 Jhall have come tofuch perfon by devife,                              , , or marriage
                         fettlement, and was demifed at the time it fo came, and continued          at
                 the time of fuch eleftion to be held under him by virtue of fuch demife: and whereas the aforefaid whole fame proviftons of the faid recited aft may be evaded by pretended grants of or agreements for leafes for a life or lives, though no leafe /hall have been executed, or fuch life or lives been nominated: be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-Perfons pof- liament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That every
    freehold under Perf°n w^°» from and after the paffing of this ad, (hall regifter ao/. not a freehold under the yearly value of twenty pounds, not arifing anting from a from a rent charge, fhall regifter the fame in manner and form rent charge, following, inftead of regiflering it in manner and form pre-**he1&me^Cr ^cr'^e<^ ky faid recited ad, or any law or laws now in force;
                 (that is to fay,) he fhall at a feflions of the peace for the county, county of a town, or city, wherein his freehold lies, held twelve months at rhe leaft previous to the tefte of the writ for holding the eledion at which he (hall tender his vote, produce in open court the deed, leafe, or inftrument under which his freehold arifes, and take and fubferibe the following oath, or, if a Quaker, the following affirmation:
    Fora of oath. * T A. B. of             in the county of                           [or,          of
                   X the county of the city, or, town of               as the cafe
                                                        may be,] do (wear [or, if a Quaker, affirm,] That I am a freeholder
   
      1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 59. 1027
      holder of the county of               and that I have a freehold
      therein, arifing from [an houfe or houfes, land, or both, or other hereditaments, as the cafe may be,] of the clear yearly value of forty (hillings at the leaft above all charges payable out of the fame, lying and being at                [naming the
      totur lands, or other denomination by which the place is generally known, and barony or half barony, or baronies or half baronies wherein it is fituate,] in this county [and if in a city or town, or county of a city or town, naming the                           fame, and the Jlreet, and fquare,
      row, alley, lane, or place]; and that the faid freehold does not arife from a rent charge; and that the fame arifes by virtue of the deed, leafe, or inftrument which I now produce, bearing date the            day of            in the year
      for the life or lives of A. B. and C. D. [or in cafe the faid freehold be not for life or lives, then fating the nature of his tenure, as the cafe rttay be,~\ at the yearly rent of              ; and that I
      am in the a&ual occupation thereof, by refiding thereon, or by tilling, or by grazing, or by both tilling and grazing [as the cafe may be,] to the amount of at leaft forty (hillings yearly value thereof; and that the faid freehold is not fet or agreed to be fet to the perfon or perfons who executed the faid deed, leafe, or inftrument, or to the heirs or affigns of fuch perfon or perfons, or' to any one in truft for him, her, or them, nor do I intend to fet the fame to fuch perfon or perfons, or any of them; and that I have not agreed to fet it for the term for which I hold it; nor have I procured it fraudulently, or in exchange for a freehold in any other county.
                                              ‘ So help me GOD.’
11 .
      And if the freehold in right or virtue whereof any perfon (hall Perfonshaving defire to qualify himfelf to vote, (hall not arife by virtue of a freeholda deed, leafe, or inftrument, the perfon defiring to regiftcr it (hall deferibe the fame in the oath or affirmation fo to be taken byieafe, to him, according to the true ftate and nature of his tenure; in delcribe the which cafe the words in the foregoing oath, importing that the**®1® in *be i fame arifes by virtue of deed, leafe, or inftrument, (hall be by j omitted, and fuch deftription inferred in the place thereof. them.
        II.        And be it enabled, That every fuch oath or affirmation Copy of oath * (hall be read aloud in open court, and be figned by two at leaft to '’e [e*
      of the juftices prefiding there; and (hall be then delivered by thecor e " court to the acting clerk of the peace, to be filed and kept ! amongft the records of the county, county of a city, or town, t wherein fuch freehold (hall lie.
        III.   And be it further enabled, That every deed, leafe, or in- Deed or leafe ftrument produced by any perfon making the affidavit or produced by affirmation afprefaid, (hall be indorfed at the time in open court ^he ?!foremenS by the adting clerk of the peace, with his name and the day of tioned oath, * the month and year ; and the clerk of the peace (hall then and how to be there compare the deed, leafe, or inftrument with the affidavit reSlftered.
      of regiftry; and he (hall within ten days from the date thereof, enter in the book of his regiftry the date thereof, the names of * *                            3 u 2the
  I
NEW YORK PUBLIC
Go gle
 Perfons not to vote until freehold is regiftered.
 From whom derived.
       1028 Anno regni quadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. c. 59. [1805.
the parties, and the name or names of the life or lives for which the fame is held.
  IV. And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and nine, no perfon (hall be admitted to vote at any ele&ion to be held in Ireland for a member or members to ferve in parliament, by virtue of a freehold under the clear yearly value of twenty pounds, who (hall not have fo regiftered his freehold twelve calendar months at the leaft before the tefte of the writ for holding the ele&ion at which he (hall offer his vote; and that every perfon who (hall offer to vote as a freeholder, in right of a freehold under the yearly value of twenty pounds, fhall, before he (hall be admitted to poll at any ele&ion, if required by the fheriff or any elector, declare upon oath from whom he holds or derives his freehold, if he holds it under any perfon or perfons j Whcrefituate. and if the fame be fituate in a city, town corporate, or market town, and deferibe the ftreet or part of the city or town in which the fame is fituate, and who are his next refident neighbours, and when the fame was granted, and for what life or .           Jives, and whether fuch life or lives, or any of them, is or are
                   in being at tlie time of fuch election; and whether he is the perfon who a&ually regiftered the freehold under which he defires to vote; and the faid declarations, in all fuch cafes, fhall be entered in the poll-book taken by the fheriffs, or their deputies, Andbefworn. at fuch election; and he fhall, if fo required by any ele&or, befpre he be admitted to poll, take the following oath :
       Form of oath * T A. B.of .                             in the county of of
                    J. the town or city of              ,] do fwear [«r, if a
                   Quaker, do affirm,] That I am a freeholder of this county; and that I have a freehold therein ariftng from a houfe or houfes, land, or both, or other hereditaments [ the cafe may ,] of the yearly value of forty fhillings at the leaft, above all charges payable out of the fame, lying and being at            in the
                   barony or baronies, half barony or half baronies of in this county [ and if in a city or or county of a city or town, naming the fame, and the , row,            , lane, or
                   place]; and that the faid freehold does not arife from a rent charge.
                                                                                            * So help me GOD.’
       Additional V. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if any form of oath, candidate or elector (hall defire the words following to be added, * and that the fame arifes by virtue of a deed, leafe, or inftru-ment [or otherwife, as the cafe may be,] bearing date the day of                      in the year           for the life or lives of
                                ; and that the faid          one of the afore-
                   faid lives, is ftill. alive, to the beft of my knowledge and belief [unlefs he is bimfelfone of the lives, in which cafe he Jhall , that I am one of the lives therein, injlead of the words, that the faid            one of the aforefaid lives, is ftill alive, to the
                   beft of my knowledge and belief]; [or in cafe the faid freehold
                                                                                                            be
                                                                                                                                             Digitized b / Go*, ’gle
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefinio quinto Georgii III. c. 59. 1029
 be not for life or lives, then (fating the nature of his tenure,] or the words following, ‘ and that 1 have been in the adtual occupation thereof for twelve fucccffive calendar months, between
                        [naming the day he the ,] and [ naming the date of the tefle of the writfor holding this   eleflion,] by refiding thereon, or by tilling and by graz-
 ing, or by both tilling and grazing [as the cafe may ,] to the amount of at leaft forty (hillings yearly value thereof [as the cafe may be] \ or the words following, ‘ and that the faid freehold is not fet, or agreed to be fet, to the perfon or perfons who executed the faid deed, leafe, or inftrument, or to the heirs or affigns of fuch perfon or perfons, or to any one in truft for him or them ; nor do I intend to fet the fame to fuch perfon or perfons, or any of them ; and that I have not fet it, or agreed to fet it, for the term for which I hold it; and that 1 have not been polled before at this election; and that I am to the belt of my         ^
 belief of the age of twenty-one years;’ the fame (hall, or fo much thereof as (hall bb fo defired, (hall be added to the faid oath or affirmation, before the perfon offering to vote (hall be admitted to poll.
    VI.     And be it further enadted, That the blanks in the faid For filling up oath or affirmation (hall be filled up in conformity to the oath or blanks in affirmation which the perfon going to take the fame (hall have3 r,natlon9# taken at the time of his regiftering fuch freehold.
    VII.    And be it further enabled, That, from and after the Repealing commencement of this adf, all the provifions, claufes, conditions, provifionsof regulations, and penalties of the faid recited adts, or any a&s tormer a^* amending the fame, with refpedt to freeholds, under the yearly
 value of twenty pounds, and which are not hereby-altered or repealed, (hall be applied, conftrued, deemed, and taken to extend to freeholders under the value of twenty pounds, the regiftry whereof is by this adt directed and required, as fully and effe&ually as if the fame were hereby and herein fpecifically enacted and applied thereto.
    VIII.    And be it enabled, That if any perfon or perfons (hall Punifhing fraudulently and knowingly grant any intereft importing to be Pylons grant-a freehold, which really is not fo, with intent to enable any per-
 fon to vote, fuch grant (hall be good and valid againft the grantor thereof for every purpofe but enabling the grantee to vote.
    IX.      And be it further enadled, That if fuch grantor (hall be Penalty on poffefted only of a term of years therein, and (hall demife the perfons mak-fame, or any part thereof, for a life or lives, with intent to in- t^finduceS* duce the lefl'ee therein to regifter fuch as a freehold, or to vote ic(Tees to
 as a freeholder thereout, he (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred regirterthem pounds to any perfon who (hall fue for the fame by adhon, bill, as freeholds, plaint, or information in any court of law.
    X.      And, for the better fecuring the performance of the duties hereby and by the faid in part recited aft, or by any other aft or afts direfted to be performed by the clerk of the peace or his , in refpeft to the
 regiftry of freeholds’, be it further enacted. That the feveral clerks clerk of the •f the peace or their deputies, of the feveral counties of       peace to take
(hall an oath.,
 Original fr
 ORKPUBL
\
 Digitizi
1030 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georg ti III. c. 59. [1805.
                  (hall at the general quarter (effions of the peace, or adjournment thereof next after the paffing of this adt, or at the next general quarter feflions of the peace, or adjournment thereof next after his appointment, take and fubfcribe an oath in the form following; and which oath, thejuftices prefidipg at the faid feffion are hereby dire&ed and empowered to adminifter ;
                  * T A. B.clerk or deputy-clerk of the peace for the county of X                             cafe may be\ do fwear. That I
                  will faithfully and honeftly, and without favour or affection, perform and discharge the feveral duties diredted to be performed by the clerks and deputy-clerks of the peace, by an adt palled in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aii for regulating the election of members to ferve in parliament, and for repealing the feveral alls therein mentioned; and by an a£t palled in the forty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, [herefet forth the title of this a/J] ; and that I will not demand or receive any fee or fees, for difeharging any of the faid duties, which I am not entitled to by law.                                ‘ So help me GOD.’
  And which oath the faid clerks and deputy-clerks of the peace are hereby required to deliver to the treafurer of the county, to preferve amongft his records of the county.
      XI.     And be it further ena&ed, That the faid feveral and refpedive clerks and deputy-clerks of the peace (hall from time to time, as directed by the faid in part recited act of the thirty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, give to every freeholder who (hall require the fame, a full, true, and correct return of the names of all fuch perfons as (hall regifter their freeholds according to the directions of this aeft and of the faid- a<ft of the thirty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and (hall certify at the foot thereof that the faid return fo made is true and corre<51, according to the fcheduie hereunto annexed.
      XII.    Provided always, and be it further enadted, That nothing in this adt contained fhall extend, or he conftrued to extend,
before’akmit- t0 Prevcnt any P^rfon who (hall have regiftered his freehold before ed time. the firft day of Auguft next enfuing, purfuant to the laws in force for that purpofe from voting at any election for a member or members to ferve in parliament, the tefte of the writ for holding which (hall bear date before the twenty-ninth of                          one
                    thoufand eight hundred and nine; but every perfon who might by the law in force vote at any fuch eledtion, (hall and may vote thereat as fully and freely, to all intents and purpofes, as if this act had not been injde, fubject to all and lingular the chafes, conditions, oaths, and regulations appointed and provided by the faid in part recited adt; provided he (hall produce to the returning officer, if required bv him or any eledior, the deed, leafe, article, or agreement under which he (hall have regiftered fuch freehold, duly executed prior to fuch regiftry.
                       XIII.  Andy for the greater convenience of regifering        ,
                                                                                                                          be
 Returns of frceholderr.
 AA not to prevent per-
   ■> Go gle
 I ■ .
 *     1805.]  Anno regni qnadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 59. 103!
 (be it enafted, That every adjournment of a feflions of the peace,Regiitry of and every adjournment of an adjournment, (hall be deemed a treeh°lds, feflions of the peace within the meaning of the faid aft and this prefent aft; and in cafe there (hall have been no adjournment of fuch feflions, or no adjournment of an adjournment of fuch > feflions, and that fuch feflions (hall in that cafe lapfe, a feflions (hall be holden at which the cleric of the peace or his deputy (hall and is hereby required to attend, for the purpofe of J regiftering of freeholders, the firft Monday in the next month, at the place where the laft general (eflions of the peace (hall have been held for the purpofe of regiftering freeholders; and every adjournment of every fuch feflions to any city or market town within the county (hall be deemed and taken to be a feflions I within the meaning of the faid aft or this prefent aft.
         XIV.  And be it further enafted, That if any perfon, in tak- Perjury.
 Iing any oath or affirmation herein-before appointed or autho-rifed to be taken at any regiftry, or before any returning officer or officers, (hall thereby commit wilful perjury, and be thereof 1 convifted, or if any perfon (hall unlawfully and corruptly procure or (uborn any other perfon to take any fuch oath or affirmation, whereby he or fuch perfon or perfons (hall commit fuch wilful perjury, and (hall be thereof convifted, he or fuch perfon or per-
 Ifons fo offending (hail incur fuch pains and penalties as are in-(lifted by any aft or ads for the more effeftual preventing and further pumihment of perjury and fubornation of perjury.
 I                   SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.
 4
 1
 1
 >
                                                                               CAP.
 Name of    Name of  Value                           Names of                 
Freeholder Landlord  of    Defcrip- Situa¬ Barony    Life or        Date of   
and Refi-  and Refi- Free¬ tion.    tion.  or H i It Lives or Rent. Regiftry. 
  dence.    dence.   hold.                 Barony.    otlur                   
                                                     Tenure.                  
                                                                              
, Go gle
                                                                                                                                 Original from
                                                                                                                      NEW YORK PUBLIC J
                   1032 Annoregniquadragefimo quint oGeo.III.c. 60—64. [1805.
                                      1
                                       CAP. LX.
                    An aft for making allowances in certain cafes to fubaltern officers of the militia in Great Britain while dilembodiecl—[June 27, 1805.]
                                       CAP. LXI.
                    An aft to revive and further continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and fix, and amend, fo much of an aft, made in the thirty ninth and fortieth years of his prefent Majefty, as grants certain allowances to adjutants and ferjeant-majors of the militii of England, difembodied under an aft of the lame ftflion of pailiament. [June 27, 1805.]
                                       CAP. LXII,
                    An aft for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in Great Britain, for the year one thoufand eight hundred and five.— [June 27, 1805.]
                                       CAP. LXIII.
                    An aft for defraying, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand v eight hundred ana fix, the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia of Ireland $ tor holding comts-martialon ferj cant-majors, ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, for offences committed during the time fuch militia lhall not be embodied ; and for making allowances in certain cafes to fubaltern officers of the find militia during peace.—[June 27, 1805.]
                                      CAP. LXIV.
                    An aft to amend an aft made in the forty-fir [I year of his prefent • Majejly, for granting bounties for taking and bringing fijh to the cities of London and IVefiminj and other places in the United Kingdom.—[June 27, 1805.]
                    WHEREAS by an aft, made in the parliament of the United Kingdom in the fortyfirfl year of his prejent Majefiy s 41 G. 3. c, 99. reign., intituled.An a£t for granting bounties for taking and bringing fifh to the cities of London and               and     other
places in the United Kingdom, the                                          of his
jfiys treafury were empowered for the purpofe of encouraging and promoting a fupply of frefih                         fijh, to give and grant certain ,
    fums of          money, and bounties, to perfons taking and bringing fijh to the
markets of any city, town, or port in the United Kingdom, and to apply any fuch fum or fums of money they Jhould think necejfary, in the payment of any expences incurred in the promoting and encouraging an increafe of the fupply of fijh; provided that fuch and other fums of money, Jhould not in the whole exceed the fum                   of
thirty thoufand pounds: and whereas in purfuante of the fold aft, the fum of fix thoufand pounds has been paid into the receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland for the purpofe of the faid aft, but the greater part thereof has not yet been applied to the faid purpofes ; and it is expedient that the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, Jhould be enabled and empowered to direft cd to'd^^ole" *^e difpofal ofJo much of the faidfum offix thoufand pounds as -C ' ^°‘e mains unapplied, for the encouragement of the and navigation
                                                                        on
   6-coo/, paid into Exchequer of Ireland.
   Expedient that lord-lieutenant
                                                                     Digitized by Go gle
NEW
 I
1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 64. 1033
on the coafls of Ireland in manner herein-after mentioned; be it °(unap-therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and Jjjjjdpup,^rt with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful for the Lord-licute-lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of land for the time being, to give and grant the faid fum, or any part thereof, for the purpofe of affifting any perfon or perfons in enlarging, improving, or rendering more fecure any harbour or harbours on the faid coafts, fit and proper for the reception of fifhing veflels or other veflels arriving on the faid coafts, for the purpofe of purchafing fifh caught or cured upon the faid coafis, as the faid lord-lieutenant (hall in his difcretion fee fit, and in manner herein-after dire&ed, and to and for no other ufe or purpofe whatfoever.
   II. And be it further enabled. That whenever the lord- Upon app!i-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of           for cation lord-
the time being, fhall, on any application made for that purpofe, empowered to be of opinion that it is fit and proper that any harbour or har- advance one hours fhould be fo enlarged or improved on any part of the faid moiety offutu coaft, and any perfon or perfons fhall be defirous of making, en- required tor larging, or improving the fame, with the afliftance of fuch fums       u°on
of money as may be given or granted as aforefaid, a plan and cjtiinate.P furvey of fuch harbour (hall be laid before the faid lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their chief fecretary, and alfo an eftimate of the expcnce of making, enlarging, or improving the fame, which furvey and eftimate (hall be verified by the oath of the party making the fame ; and if fuch lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, fhall approve
of the faid plan or furvey and eftimate; and if and fo foon as a fum equal to one moiety of the expence fo eftimated for making, enlarging, or improving any fuch harbour, fhall be paid or fe-cured to be paid to the fatisfa&ion of the faid lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their chief fecretary, and alfo fecurity given to the fatisfa&ion of the faid lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their chief fecretary, that the perfon or perfons paying the faid fum, or fecuring the fame to be paid, will further bear and defray all fuch further expences beyond fuch eftimated expence as fhall be neceflary to complete the enlarging or improving of the faid harbour, according to fuch plan and eftimate, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, to order and direct the commifiioners for executing the office of lord high-treafurer of Ireland, to iflue and pay a fum of money equal to one moiety of the expence fo eftimated, to be paid and applied for the purpofe cf making, enlarging, or improving fuch hatbour, in'Tuch fums and at fuch times, and in fuch manner and proportions, and under fuch rules, regulations, terms, and conditions, and, to annex any fuch forfeitures for breach of fuch rules, regulations.
                                                             
                                                                                                                                   Origiral fron
                                                                                                                         NEW YORK PUBLIC
            1034 AnnoregniquadragefimoquintoGEORGii Tll.c.65,66. [1805.
                        lations, terms, and conditions, as to fuch lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, (hail feem bed fuited to the promoting the beneficial purpofes of this adf; and the enlarging and improving fuch harbours, fhall be forthwith proceeded on and completed agreeably to fuch plan and furvey, or to fuch other plan as may, upon fubfequent conlidera-tion, be approved of by the laid lord-lieutenant, dr other chief j governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, fo that the execution thereof fhall not exceed the faid eftimateo expence.
            If expence 111. Prov ided always, and be it ena£ied. That if the actual fhall exceed expence of enlarging or improving any fuch harbour fhall ex-c ice'sto'be* cce<* *^e e^‘matct^ expence, all fuch excefs of expence fhall he paid by per- defrayed by the perfon or perfons who fhall have given the fecu-fons applying, rity herein directed.
                                             CAP. LXV.
                        An aft to continue until the twenty-ninth day of September one thou-fand eight hundred and fix, and from thence until the end of the then next feilion of parliament, an aft made in the laft feffion of parliament, for appointing commiffioners to enquire into the fees, gratuities, ptrqni- t fites, and emoluments, v\hich are or hnve betn lately received in the j fcveral publick offices in Ireland, therein mentioned; to examine into any abufes which may exift in the iame ; and into the prefent mode of receiving, collcfting, ifluing, and accounting for publick money in j Ireland.—[June 27, 1805.]
                        Aft 41 Oco. 3. c. 106. recited. Treafury of Ireland to iflue 1,000/. beyond the fum mentioned in recited aft, for payment of clerks, &c. and other expcnccs attending the execution of this aft.
            v                      * C A P. LXVI.
                         An aH to prevent in Great Britain the illegally tarrying envoy hark ; and for amending two alls, pajfed in the and ninth years oj j his prefent Majefiy's re, for the preftrvation of timber ,
                                    underwoods, roots,            Jhrub , , and —-
                           [7*01**7,1805.]
             6 G, 3. c. 36. TT7HEREAS by an aSl pajfed in the futh year of his prefent V V Mojejly's reign, for the better prefervation of timber , and of woods and underwoods, and for the further preftrvation , of J roots,       Jhrubs,and plants, it was , that all and every perfon and
                                        perfens, who, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one ;
                         fand feven hundred and fix ty-fix, Jhould go into the   , ,
                         or wood-grounds of any of his Mojejly's fubjefis, not being the lawful owner or nvners thereof, and Jhould there out, , top, or JpoiL, Jplit down, or. damage, or otherwife defiroy any kind of wood or
                                        wood, poles, jlicksof wood, green flubs, or young trees, or carry and convey away the fame, or jhould have in his, her, or their cu/iody any kind of wood or underwood, poles, Jlicks of wood, green or young ; trees, and Jhould not give a      account how be, or they
                         came by the fame, and Jhould be thereof convibled before any one or more of his MajeJlf s jujlic the , on the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnejfes,Jhouldfor the firfl offence forfeit and , I
                                                                            immediately on conviflion, fum not exceeding the Jutn forty Jhill- I tugs,together wish the charges previous to and attending juch - I
                                                                                                             , .
     Digitized by (j() >glc
 h
  I
  !
if
m
u
f
]■
 2805.] Annoregni quadragefimo qaintoGEORGii III. c. 66. 1035
 viblion, to be afcertained by the /aid jujiice
  vibithe offender or offenders; and if any        or         Jhould
 tommit any of the offences afortfaid a fecond ,and be thereof again        convibled in manner afortfaid, he,Jbeor they Jhould forfeit and
 fay any fum not exceeding the fum of five       , together with the
 charges previous to and attending fuch conviblion, to be afcertained as afortfaid; and if any perfon or perfons Jhould commit any of the offences afortfaid a third time, that then fuch perfon and being duly convibled thereof according to law, Jhould be deemed and adjudged an incorrigible rogue or                                rogues,and Jhould be punijhed as
 fuch : and whereas by another ail faffed in the ninth year of his faid 9 G. 3. c. 41. •Majefy's reign, for the better prejervation of hollies, thorns, and' quickjets, in forejls, chafes, and private grounds, and of trees and underwoods in forejls and chafes, it was enabled, that, from and after the firjl day of July one tboufandfeven hundred andfix ty-nine, the faid claufe made in the faid abl of the ftxth year of his prefent reign, and all and every the penalties, forfeitures, and punijhments thereby infibled, and all other provifions,      matters, and things
 relating thereto, Jhould extend, and fhould be deemed, taken, and con-Jlrued to extend, and Jhould be applied and put in execution in relation to ail his Majefy's forejls and chafes within this realm, and to all and every perfon or perfons who Jhould, without legal right or authority, by night or day, cut down, dejlroy,take, carry, or convey away any hollies, thorns, or quickjets, growing or being upon any of his Majefy's faidforejls or chajes, or within the woods or wood-grounds of any of
 his Majefy's fubjebls,or who Jhould have in his, her, or their cuftody
 or pojfejjion any fuch hollies, thorns, or quickfets, and Jhould not give a fatisjablory account how he, Jhe, or they came by the fame, and Jhould he thereof convibled before any one or more f his Majefy's       of
 the peace in the manner preferibed and direbled by the          and
 fuch jufice or juf ices is or are thereby authorifed to adminijler oaths,
 <and proceed in the like manner for the cot and punijhment of every offender in the premifes, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpojes, as if the feveral provifions in the faid abi had been therein particularly repeated and applied to the offences therein before fpecified:
 , and whereas great quantities of bark have of late been taken and carried away from out of his Majejly's woods, forefis, and chajes, by perfons not having legal right or authority to take and carry away the fame, audit is proper to prevent fuch evil         and abufes for the
 future; and it is expedient a!Jo to extend the provifions of the faid able, to all woods and wood-grounds belonging to his Majefy, as well in right of his duchy of Lancafter, as otherwife : therefore be it enatfed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the lame. That, from and after the palling of this a&, the Extending the afarefaid claufes in the faid recited a<3s, and all and every the {^^erT&sto penalties, forfeitures, and punifhments thereby inflicted, and all Vy^dTbe-other provifions, matters, and things relating thereto, lhall ex- longing to hie tend, and be deemed, taken, and conftrued to extend, and lhal! Majefty, and be applied and put into execution, in relation to all woods and
                                                                                                            wood-w 0 a e
NEW
                                                                                                     Original fro rORKPUBLI'
Go gle
 9
Digitize
 away bark from woods or wood-grounds*
 1036 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 66. [1805.
 wood-grounds, belonging to his Majeftyin Great Britain, as well in right of his duchy of Lancafter, as otherwife, and whether fuch woods or wood-grounds (hall be within any of his Majefty’s forefts or chafes or not, and alfo to all and every perfons and perfon who (hall, without legal right or authority, by night or day, take, carry, or convey away any bark, being in any forefts or chafes, or woods or wood-grounds, belonging to his Majefty, as well in right of his duchy of       , as otherwife, or within
             the woods or wood-grounds of any of his Majefty’s fubje&s in Great Britain, or who lhall have in his, her, or their cuftody or poftclfion any bark, and (hall not give a fatisfaclory account how he, (lie, or they came by the fame, and (hall be thereof convi&ed before any one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, in the manner preferibed ani directed by the faid firft-recited a£f; and fuch juftice or juftices is or are hereby authorifed to ad-minifter oaths, and proceed in the like manner for the convi&ion and punilhment of every offender in the premifes, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if thefeveral provifions in the faid firft-recited a<5t had been herein particularly repeated and applied to the offences herein-before fpecified.
                II.   And be it further enaCted, That the conviiftion and convictions of all and every offenders and offender againft this ad (hall be certified by the juftice or juftices of the peace before whom the fame (hall be made, to the next general quarter felfions of the peace, to be filed amongft the records of the faid feffions ; and that fuch conviction (hall be fairly written ou parchment or paper, in the following form of words, or (as the cafe (hall happen) in any other form of words to the like effect j that is to fay,
                                        . «                          *
             e             T3 E 'l i"emernhered, That on the
                         j .D day of                in the year
 ConvtAion to be certified to the (elfious.
              conviCted before
 Perfon 8 offending more than three times, to be puniflied for every fubfe-qutnt offence
    to wit,
                                                                                             A. B. was, upon the complaint of C. D.
                                     of the juftices of the peace for in purfuance of an aCi pafted in the forty-fifth year of the reign of his Majefty King George the Third, for [as the cafe Jhall be.~\ Given under hand and feal, (he day and year above written.’
 Which faid conviction (hall be good and effectual in law to all intents and purpofes, and (hall not be quafhed, fet afide, or adjudged void or inefficient, for want of any form or words what-foever, nor he liable to be removed by certiorari into his Majefty’s court of King’s Bench, but fhall be deemed and taken to be final to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.
    III. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That if any perfon of perfons (hall commit any of the faid offences fpecified in the faid recited aCts or this aCt more than three times, and (hall. be thereof conviCled before any one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, in the manner preferibed and direded by the faid firft-recited adf, every fuch perfon (hall for every fuch
                                                                                                                            offence,
Go gle
NE
 r
     1805.] Anno regni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III.c. 67,68. 1037
I   offence, committed fubfequent to the third offence, be deemed as ?n incor-
,   and adjudged an incorrigible rogue or rogues, and (hall be riglble r°8UC*
, punifhed as fuch.
      TX THERE AS    it is expedient that an additional duty of cujloms
11 V V Jhould be gantedon the importation a/'Spanifh red wine into
(Great Britain; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may
      be enatfted ; and be it enatfted by the King’s moll excellent ma- •
11 jefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual .and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the From July 1, t    firft day of fuly one thoufand eight hundred and five, theie fhall 1805, there
•    be raifed, levied, colletSled, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs ,llaP ** P*’4*
:<   and fucceffors, an additional duty of cuftoms of twelve pound* °ion an°add*i-
i for every tun, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons, of tional duty of Spanijh red wine imported or brought into Great Britain; and cuftoms of j. there fhall be paid and allowed for every tun, containing two **/._per tun hundred and fifry-two gallons, for or in refpetft whereof the duty ^ine^- and the n    by this acl impofed (hail have been paid, which fhall be export- diawhackon
gf   ed to foreign parts by way of merchandize, from or out of the exportation
      entered ftock of any dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers of fuch e the j wine, the fum of twelve pounds; which duty and drawback re- 1 e um* fpetftively, fhall be managed, raifed, levied, collected, paid, re-:    covered, appropriated, applied, and allowed, in fuch and th£
      like manner, and bv the fame means, ways, or methods, in every refpecl as the duty*of cuftoms on Spanijh red wine impofed by an atft of the forty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft to repeal the duties of eujloms payable in Great 43 G.3.C.68.
;    Britain, and to grant other duties in lieu thereof is managed, raifed,
f    levied, collected, paid, recovered, appropriated, applied, and
t    allowed.
lj                               CAP.    LXVIII.
      An a£V for making perpetual and amending feveral laws for encouraging the making of (ail-cloth in Great Britain, and fecuring the duties on foreign fail-doth imported ; and for making perpetual feveral laws for
S permitting the exportation of a certain quantity of corn and grain to Guernfey, Jerfey, and Alderney; and for regulating the fees of officers of the cuftoms, and of naval officers in the Britiffi colonies in America, r.      and of the officers of the cuftoms in Newfoundland.—[June 27, 1805.]
I So much of ii Anne, c. 16. as relates to the bounty of one-penny per ell of Britifti-made fail-cloth exported; 9 Geo z. c. 37. for regulating the manufacture of Britiffi fail-cloth, amended by 3a G-o. 3. c. 49 ;
      19 Geo. 2. c. 27. for fecuring the duties on foreign fail cloth (except what relates to the duties granted by 12 Anne upon foreign fails imported, and which have been repealed and others granted in lieu thereof ;)
      43 Geo. 3. c. ioj. for permitting the exportation of corn. &c. to Gtiern-fey, &c.; fo much of 10 Geo. 3. c. 37. as relates to regulating the fees of officers of the cuftoms, &c. of the Britiffi colonies 111 America ; and fo much of 16 Geo. 3. c. 47. as relates to the fees of the officers of the cuftoms in Newfoundland, made perpetual.
                                      CAP. LXVII.
                               An aft for granting to bis Majejly an additional duty on Spanifli red wine imported into Great Britain.—[June 27, 1805.J
CAP.
                                                                      Original fn
 YORK PUBL1
Digitize
w
     1038 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 69. [1805.
                                       CAP. LXIX.
                 An oil for vefting in the barrack-mafter-general for the time
                    eftates, held or occupied for the barrack fervice; and authorizing him to Jell the                fame,with the confent of the of
                    his Majejlfs treafury.—[June 27, 1805.]
HERE AS it is expedient that the               ,         ,
and hereditaments, which have at various times been -chafed for the fervice of the barrack          , or which are now
                 held by or vefted in the late barrack-mafter-general, or the prefent barrack mafier-general, or any other     or perfons for the uje of
                 the faid fervice ; and alfo that all        lands, tenements, and
                 hereditaments, which may hereafter be purchafed for the faid fervice, fhould be vefted in the barrack-mafter-generalfor the time    and
                 his Juceeffors in the faid office, in truft for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, and for the' purpofes of the faid  , or for fuch other
                 publick fervice or fervices as his Majefty may from time to time direEl: and whereas it may become expedient, from time to time, to fell fuch of the faid mejfuages, lands, and hereditaments now vefted in the
                               rack-mafter-general,or any other perfon or or which may
                 hereafter be purchafed for the fervice of the faid department, as may not be required for fuch fervice, or for any other publick fervice or fervices ; be it therefore enabled by the Kino’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this aft, all and fingular the mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which have been conveyed to or are now vefted in lieutenant-general Oliver De Laneey late barrack-lat'c and pre- mafter-general, or lieutenant-general George Hewitt now barrack fent barrack- mafter-general, or any other perfon or perfons in truft for his malter-ge- Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, for the fervice of the barrack for the bar department, and all ereftions and buildings which now are or rack depart- which Ihall be hereafter erefted and built thereon, together with ment, and all the rights, members, eafements, and appurtenances to the fame other mef-  refpeftively belonging, (other than and except fuch mefluages,
     oiemif a"^  lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as may be of copyhold
     hereafter to tenure), and, from and after the purchafe and conveyance, grant be purchafed or demife thereof, all other mefluages, lands, tenements, and for that de- hereditaments, which Ihall at any time or times hereafter be pur-IhalVbevefted c^a^cc^ by the barrack-mafter-general for the time being, for the in the barrack- fervice of the barrack department, and all ereftions and buildings, which now are or which Ihall be hereafter erefted and built thereon, with the rights, members, eafements, and appurtenances to the fame refpeftively belonging, (hall be and become and remain and continue vefted in the barrack-mafter-general for the time being, and his fucceflorr in the faid office, according to the nature and quality and eftate and intereft of and in the fame hereditaments and premifes refpeftively j and that upon the death, refignation, or removal of the prefent and every future barrack-mafter-general, all fuch mefluages, lands, tenements,
                                                                                                                       and
 The mef-
 fuages and premifes vefted in the
 mafter-general for the time being.
    Got. gle
 1
    1805.] AnnoregniquadragelimoquinloGEORGii III. c. 70,71. 1039
    and hereditaments refpeittively (other than and except as aforefaid)
    (hall become verted in and be held by the fucceeding barrack* matter-general, and fo in perpetual fucceffion according to the nature and quality and eftate and interert of and in the lame re-fpeftively, in truft for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceff>rs, for the fervicc of the barrack department, or for fuch other publick fervice or fervices as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, (hall from time to time be pleafed to dire£h
      II.    And be it further enabled. That it (hall be lawful for the Barrack-maf* barrack-mafter-genera! for thd time being, with the content and t<r-g.nrr-d approbation of the lords-commiflioners of his Majeftv’s treafury,
    or any three or more of them (fuch confent and approbation to furjr ^ay ^ be certified by one of the fecretaries to the faid lords-commif- lucla premiies. fioners, by writing under bis hand and feal) to fell and difpofe of any of the meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which (hall be verted in the faid barrack-mafter-general for the time being, with their refpeftive appurtenances, either by publick auction or private contratft, and in due form of law to convey, af-(ign, and make over the fame to any perfon or perfons who (hall be willing to purchafe the fame refpetrtively.
      III.   And be it further enacrted. That the monies to arife and The money be produced by the fale of any of the faid meffuages, lands, tene- arifing by ments, or hereditaments, which (hall be fold under the provi- luch (ale to (ions of this prefent a&, (hall be paid by the refpe&ive purchafer ^ePga^nto
    or purchafers thereof into the bank of E, and (hall be there placed to the account of the barrack-marter-general for the time being of his Majefty’s forces, or to fuch other account in the bank of England as the lords-commiffioners of his Majerty’s trea-
    fury for the time being, or any three or more of them, (hall di-re<51; and the receipt of any one of the calhiers of the bank of England for fuch monies (hall effe&ually difcharge the purchafer or purchafers by whom or on whofe account the fame (hall be fo paid into the bank of England.
                           CAP. LXX.
    An aft to reftify a miftake in the name of one of the commiflionera appointed by an aft, palled in the prefent feflion of p.ii liament, for appointing commiITioners to enquire into the publick expenditure, and the conduft of publick bufinefs, in the military departments therein mentioned —[June -7, 1805.]
    Colonel Ferdinand Amelia Fairfax Beckwith appointed one of the com-miflioners, by miftake in aft of this feflion, c. 47. called Frederick Beckwith.
                         CAP. LXXI.
    An afl   to amend the feveral laws relating to the duties under
      the management of the commijjioners for the affairs of taxes.—
      [June 27, 1805.]
    WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the feveral laws relating to the duties under the management of the             for     the
    affairs of taxes in the particulars herein mentioned \ may it therefore
                                                           plcafe
                                                              
YORK PI
 Rece?ver-ge< neral’s accounts, in
   1040 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 71. [1805.
   pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every account of the monies received and paid by any receiver-general of the faid duties, or any of them, or by his En'xian'djtobe deputy or deputies in Englandwhich fhall hereafter be tranfmit-verified on ted to the office for taxes according to the ufage thereof, (hall
   oath.       be verified on the oath or oaths of fuch receiver general, or his
                deputy or deputies, to the beft of his or their knowledge or belief, which oath may be adminiftered by any commiffioner adling in the execution of any of the adls relating to the faid duties in the diftridt where he (hall fo adf; and fuch oath fhall be deemed to be of the like force and effedt, to infer pains and penalties, as any oath to be adminiftered by commiffioners in any matter relating to the execution of the faid adts ; faving always, to the barons and officers of his Majefty’s court of Exchequer in England, and the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, their / power refpedlively to adminifter fuch oaths according to ancient ufage.
   II.    And be it further enadled, That the duplicates of the af-feffments diredlcd by the faid adts, to be fent and delivered'by the refpedtive commiffioners to the King’s remembrancer in
        England, to be kept in his Majefty’s exchequer, fhall hereafter be fent by them to, and delivered at the office for taxes, for the previous infpedtion of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, who may caufe copies thereof, or any part therof, to be taken, and who fhall afterwards tranfmit fuch duplicates to the King’s remembrancer for the purpofes mentioned in the faid adls; and if fuch duplicates (hall not be fo delivered within the time required by the refpedlive adfs in that behalf, the clerk to the commiffioners who fhall wilfully offend againft the provifions of this adl, fhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered and applied as any penalty may be recovered and applied by any adt re* lating to the faid duties.
   III. And whereas by an              the  forty-third year of the
   43G.3.C.161. retSn of his prefent Majefty, An adt for repealing the fe-
veral duties under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, and granting new duties in lieu thereof; for granting new duties in certain cafes therein mentioned ; for repealing the duties of excife on licences, and on carriages con-ftrudted by coachmakers, and granting new duties thereon, un* der the management of the faid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes; and alfo new duties on perfons felling’carriages by auction or on commiffion ; it is provided, that notwithjlanding any eafe tranfmitted to his Majefty's judges at the           of an ,
the inflalmenton the affefi'ment, as determined by the , which fhall become due, precedent to the opinion being certified, fhall be levied as if no fuch cafe had been tranfmitted', and it is expedient that, upon reverfalof fuch determination, power fhouid be given to reflore the fums overpaidj be it further enadted, That, upon
                                                                                                                   proof
 Duplicates of affeflments diretted to be fent to the King's remembrancer to bepre-vioufly delivered to the commiffion-ers for taxes, who fhall afterwards tranfmit the fame.
 Penalty for negledt.
 (
1
 Commiffion ers to order
 
NEW
 ?
 *
 *
 it
 H

 r>
 r
 \
 1865.] Anno regniquadragefimoquinto Georgit III. c. 72. 1041
 proof given to the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, of pay- repayment ment of any affeffment which (hall or ought to be reverfed ac- overmti^on cording to the opinion of one of his Majefty’s judges, obtained and aflcfbnents. certified in purfuance of the faid ait, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners, and they are hereby required to direit the receiver-general to whom the receipt of fuch monies (hall appertain, to repay out of any monies in his hands fo much as (hall appear to the faid commiflioners for the affairs of taxes to have been overpaid on fuch aflcffmenf, and the order of the faid commilfioners for the affairs of taxes (hall be a fufficient authority to fuch receiver-general for fuch payment, and the fame (hall be allowed in his accounts.
   IV.  And whereas receivers have in fome injlances been      ,
 and may hereafter be prevented,without arty wilful   or default
 on their part, from pajfing their land-tax accounts in the Exchequer within the periods prefcribed by law, by reafon whereof they would be unable to Jet infuper or charge the refpeftive             or
 places, for which they are receivers for any monies which may be in arrtar and unpaid, and would become      anfi for fuch monies in
 arrear; and it is expedient to provide relief infuch cafesbe it therefore enabled. That whenever it (hall be made appear to the Commifllon* fatisfaclion of the commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, or any ers may cm" three or more of them, that the receiver of any county, divifion,        fet
 or place in England, hath been prevented by reafon of correit infuper and and proper duplicates of land-tax not having been tranfmitted to charge coun-him, or for any other caufe, not arifing from his own wilful for ar-negleit or default, from pafiing his land-tax accounts in the Ex- [a^irTcer-chequer, either for the year ending the twenty-fifth day of      tain cafe*,
 o'ne thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, or for any fubfe-quent years, within the periods prefcribed by law for pafling accounts of land-tax by receivers, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, by writing under their hands, to authorife and empower fuch receiver to fet fuper or charge fuch county, divifion, or place, for any monies granted by virtue of an ait, palled in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land-tax, which (ball be in arrear and unpaid; and in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch receiver to fet infuper and charge fuch county, divifion, or place, for the monies fo in arrear and unpaid, in like manner in all refpeils, and fuch and the like procefs may and (hall thereupon iflue for the recovery thereof, as if fuch accounts had been declared and palled in the Exchequer, within the period prefcribed by law for pafling accounts of land-tax by receivers,
                   „ CAP. LXXir.
 An aft for the encouragement of feamenand for the better and more effeftually manning his Ma'jeJlf snavy during the prefent war. •[June 27, 1805.]
 WHEREAS an aft paffed in the forty-third year of the reign °f q c his prefent Ma'jefy^ intituled. An ait for the encourage-43 *3'
      Vol. XLV.                  3X '                         meut v
     . Go: gle                                               NE' YOR°K PUBLIC



 •104a Anno rcgni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 72. [1805.
               ment of Teamen, and for the better and more effeitually manning bis Majefty’s navy ; for regulating the payment of prize-money ; and for making provifion for the falaries of the judges of the viceadmiralty courts in the ifland of Malta, and in the Bermuda ^nd Bahama iflands: and whereas fince the pajjing of the [aid     and the •
                      iffuing of the fever a I orders and proclamations therein divers
               injurious proceedings have alfo been had in certain             Jlyling
                          themfelvesyThe Italian and Ligurian Republicks, and in Spain, in derogation of the honour of his Majejly's        and the jujl rights
               of bis fubjells : and whereas bis                       by his order in dated
               the feventeenth day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and was pleafed to order that general reprisals be granted againjl the /hips, goods, and fubjells of countries flyling                The Italian and
               Ligurian Republicks : and whereas his Majejiy, by his order in council of the eleventh day of January one thoufand eight hundred and was pleafed to order, that general         be granted againjl the
               goods, and fubjells of the king of Spain that as well his Majejly's fleet and Jhips,as alfo all other and vejfels that fhould be cotn-miffloned by letters of marque, or general reprifals, or otherwife, by his Majejly's commiflioners for executing the office of lord high-admiral of Great Britain •> fhall,and lawfully may,feize all /hips, vejflls, and goods belonging to the faid countries, or the king of Spain, or to any perfons being fubjells of the faid countries, or of the king of Spain, or inhabiting within any of the territories of the countries, Jlyling themfelves The Italian and Ligurian Republicks, or the king Spain : and whereas his Majejiy hath, by his royal munificence, been gracioufly pleafed, by his proclamation dated                     of January one
               thoufand eight hundred and five, to declare bis intention to give the benefit of all prize taken during the prefent war to the captors thereof, being  in his Majejly's fervice, or duly commiffioned: and whereas.
               it is expedient to make further regulations as to prize-agents, and the bufinefs of prize-agencyand it will greatly tend to the better execution of the               provifions of the faid all, and of fuch other
               as may be neceffary, for regulating the dijlribution of prize-money, that the whole thereof /hould be confolidated into one all, andfor that purpofe that the faid recited all fhould be repealed: be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the Recited aft fame. That the faid recited ail (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed, with repealed, fave and except as to all ails, matters, and things done, emptions. * or required to be done under the fame, or in purfuance of any of the claufes or provifions thereof, which fhall be, and are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and efFe&ual, and remain in full force, to all purpol'es, as if the fame had been done under and in purfuance of the provifions of this ail.
 ▼efltls taken                     ^urt^er ena<^e<^» That the flag officers, com-
 to          be divided manders, and other officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers, on
 as prize,     board any fhip and veflel of war in his Majefty’s pay, fhall have
 agreeable to the whole interell and property of and in all and every fhip, hts Majelty’s vcfye]t goods, and merchandize, in the faid ail deferibed, which fthJuly^Soj. they have taken fince the fixteenth day of May one thoufand 7                                             .  -                7*!'. eight

  1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 1043
  eight hundred and three, or the fixteenth day of June refpetftively; and of and in all and in every (hip, veflel, goods, and merchandize, in the above-mentioned orders of council defcribed, which they have taken fince the feventeenth day of one thoufand eight hundred and three, and the eleventh day of January one thoufand eight hundred ;tnd four, refpetfively; or (hall hereafter take during the continuance of the prefent war, after the fame [hall have been adjudged lawful prize to his Majefty, in any of his Majefty’s courts of admiralty or vice-admiralty in any of his Majefty’s dominions, which (hall be duly authorifed to take cognizance of fuch captures, to be divided in fuel) proportions and after fuch manner as his Majefty, by his proclamation of the feventh day of July one thoufand eight hundred and three, hath already ordered and enabled, or as his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefi'ors,(hall think fit to order and dire&, by proclamation or proclamations, to be iflued for thofe purpofes; and the commanders, officers, feamen, and marines, and foldiers on board his * Majefty’s hired armed Ihips, (hall have fuch intereft in all (hips and goods which they have taken fince the fixteenth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and three, or the fixteenth day of June in the fame year, and feventeenth day of Augujl one thoufand eight hundred and three, and the eleventh day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four, refpecftively; • or (hall hereafter takeduring the prefent war, and tobe divided anddiftribut-ed in fuch manner as his Majefty hath been pleafed to order and dirodl by the faid proclamations of the fev,enth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and three, and the thirty-firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and five, or as his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, may order and direct, by any proclamation or proclamations hereafter to be iftued.
    III.    And be it further ena&ed. That the flag-officers, com- Arms, am-manders, and other officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers on mun‘t'ou> &c board every (hip and veflel of war in his Majefty’s pay, being armed, officered, and employed in his Majefty’s fcrvice, who onboard fliall take any fortrefs upon the land, or any arms, ammunition, veffels in ftores of war, goods, merchandize, and treafure, belonging to creeks de-the ftate, or to any publick trading company of the enemies of to bedi^~ the crown of Great Britain upon the land, or any (hip or veflel, Vided as prize, or merchandize laden on board the famtfj in any creek, river, haven, or road, belonging to and defended by the faid fortrefs upon the land, fhall have the foie intereft and property of and in all and every fuch (hip or fhips, veflel or veflels, arms, ammunition, ftores of war, goods, merchandize, and treafure, after final adjudication thereof as lawful prize in any of his Majefty’s courts of admiralty or vice-admiralty, duly authorifed as afore-faid (which courts.are hereby required to proceed thereon as in other cafes of prize), to be diftributed by his Majefty in fuch proportions and manner as herein-before is mentioned : pro- H>s Maiefty vided’ always neverthelefs, that in conjunft expeditions of the to l.^e navy and army againft any fuch fortrels upon the land, in which of1prize^be-his Majefty (hall have been pleafed to give any inftru&ions or tween the
                                                        directions. navY an*
     .'Go gle
               3x2
 acting in conjunction.
                                           1044 Annorcgni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III.c. 72. [1805.
 army when directions for the divifion and diftribution of property taken thereat, the flag and general officers, and commanders and other officers. Teamen, marines, and foldiers, afting on fuch conjunct expeditions, (hall have fuch proportionable intereft and property as his Majefty, under his fign manual, (ball think fit to order and diredt, in all and every the arms, ammunition, (tores of war, goods, merchandize, and treafure, belonging to the ftate, or to any publick trading company of the enemies of the crown of Great Britain, which (hall be found in any fuch fortrefs; and alfo in all and every (hip and (hips, veflel and veflels, with their arms, ammunition, tackle, apparel, and furniture, and all and every the merchandize and other effeCts on board, which (hall ■ be captured in any road, haven, river, or creek, belonging to and defended by fuch fortrefs, after final adjudication thereof as lawful prize.
                IV.                Provided likewife, and be it enaCted, That if no in-(IruCtions (hall have been given by his Majefty for the divifion of the (hips, goods, and merchandize to be captured in any expedition againft any fortrefs on the land, it (hall be lawful for the refpeCtive commanders in chief of the fleet and of the army employed, to make agreements in writing for the divifion of the (hips, goods, and merchandize fo to be taken, between the faid fleet and army, which agreements, being approved and confirmed by his Majefty, (hall be binding on all perfons, and the (hare affigned to the fleet by fuch agreement (hall be diftributed therein, according to his Majefty’s proclamation ; and the (hare afiigned to the army (hall be diftributed amongft the officers and foldiers proclamation. *n ProPort'ons correfpondent thereto: provided neverthelefs, r                  ’ that the intereft and property hereby given to the army employed
              on fuch conjunct expeditions (hall not extend or be deemed or conftrued to extend to entitle the faid army to (hare in the diftribution of any (hips or veflels, goods, merchandize, or effedls captured in the voyage to or from fuch fortrefs: Shares not provided alfo, that the (hares of prize of all fuch officers and .claimed with- feamen who (hall be marked on the books of any (hip or f*J5ar8' veflel in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, as 0 t ' having run therefrom, and alfo the (hares of all fuch officers and fcamen, marines, foldiers, and others, as well on board hired armed fhips as on board his Majefty’s (hips of war, which (hall not be legally demanded within fix years after the fame have been paid to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital, by virtue of aoy law then in force, (hall be forfeited to and to the ufe of the faid royal hofpital, unlefs with refpeft to fuch officers and feamen as (hall be marked “ Run,” fuch mark (hall be taken off by order of the commiflioners for executing the office of lord high-admiral of Great Britain, or by order of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s navy ; and unlefs with refpedt to the (hares of fuch officers, feamen, marines, foldiers, and others, which (hall not be claimed within the time above limited in that behalf, reafonable caufe (hall be (hewn, and allowed by the directors of the faid hofpital for the time being, or any five or more of them, or by the judge
                                                                                                                  ef
 But if no in-ItrudHons be given by his Majefty, the commanders in chief may fettle the divifion.
 Shares to be diftributed according to

 !
  1
  ’ft
  :
 r
 i
 I
 r
 !
 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii in. c. 72. 1045
 of the high court of admiralty, why fuch laft-mentioncd {hares were not claimed in due time.
   V.     And,     as a further encouragement to the officers, , marines, folditrs, and others, on board his Majejly's of war, as alfy
 of privateers, to attack any Jhips of war or privateers belonging to the enemy ; be it enabled. That there (hall be paid by the trea- Bounty to be •furer of his Majefty’s navy, upon bills to be made forth by thePaidc^5U commiffioners of the navy, to be paid according to the courle thereof, without fee or reward, unto the officers, feamen, marines, the beginning foldiers, and others, who {hall have been actually on board any of of the engage-, his Majefty’s {hips, or (hips of war, or hired armed veflel or ”1?nt °*,“7 veflels, or of any privateer or privateers at the adtual taking, deftroy^be* finking, burning, or otherwife deftroying any fhip or {hips of longing to the war or privateers belonging to the enemy fince the fecond day of enemy.
 May one thoufand eight hundred and three, and during the pre-fent war, five pounds for every man who was living on board any fhip or veflel, fo taken, funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed at the beginning of the attack or engagement between them, the numbers of fuch men to be proved by the oath of three or more of the chief officers or men who were belonging to the faid {hip or veflel of war, or privateers of the enemy, or belonging to any of them at the time of her or their being taken as prize, funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, or in cafe fo many as three {hall not furvive the engagement, upon the oaths or oath of fuch of them as lhall furvive, before the mayor or other chief magiftrate of the port within any of his Majefty’s dominions, whereunto any prize, or officers or men of fuch {hips as were taken, funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, fhall be brought or before the conful or vice-conful refiding at any neutral port to which fuch prize, or officers or men {hall be brought, which oaths the faid mayor or other chief magiftrate of any fuch port, or conful or vice-conful, are hereby refpe£tively empowered and required to adminiftcr, and fhall, without fee or reward, forthwith grant a certificate thereof; and all'o of the deponents or deponent, (if lefs titan three), having likewife made oath, and to the beft of his or their knowledge and belief, no other perfon or perfonS belonging to the enemy’s {hips or {hip furvived the engagement, which certificate fhall be diredled to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s navy j and upon the production thereof to them the faid commiffioners, together-with an authentic copy of the fen-tence or decree of condemnation of fuch fhip fo taken, or where fuch certificate cannot be had and obtained, then upon producing only a copy of the fentcnce or decree of condemnation, whereby the number of men on board fuch fhips of the enemy lhall appear to hive been proved, as if fuch {hips be funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, on producing only a certificate from the mayor or other chief magiftrate, or conful or vice-conful as aforefaid, the faid commiflioners of his Majefty’s navy, or fuch perfon or perfons as they fhall appoint for that purpofe, lhall, according to the courfe of thft navy, within fifteen days make out bills for the amount of fuch bounty, directed to the treafurer of
                                                          tha
 1
    
                                       1046 Anno regniquadragefimoquinto Georgii HI. c. 72. [1805.
            the navy, payable to and to be divided amongft the officers, feamen, marines, and fofdiers on board his Majefty’s (hips of war, or hired armed (hips, in manner, form, and proportion as by his Majefty’s prpclamation for granting the diflribution of prizes already iffued or to be ifiued tor that purpofe, is or (hall be diredted and appointed, and amongft the owners, officers, and feamen of any private fhip or veflel of war, in fuch manner and proportion as by any agreement in writing they fhall have entered into for that purpofe, fhall be directed : provided never-thelefs, that in all cafes where fuch oath and certificate cannot be adminiftered and granted at the firft port whereunto any prize, or officers or men of fuch fhips as have been or fhall be taken, funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, (hall be brought, fuch oath or oaths relating to any prize or prizes that fhall be taken, or to any fhips of his Majefty’s enemies that fhall be funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed as aforefaid, fhall and may be adminiftered and taken by and before the mayor or other chief magiftrate of any port within any of his Majefty’s dominions, or by or before the Britifh conful or vice-conful redding at any neutral port whereunto any prize or prizes, or officers or men of any fhips belonging to his Majefty’s enemies as have or fhall be taken, funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroyed, (hall at any time afterwards be brought, proof being firft made by affidavit before fuch perl'on or perfons of the inability of making fuch oath or oaths, and obtaining fuch certificate at the faid firft port, and the mayor or other chief magiftrate, conful or vice-conful, fhall thereupon grant fuch certificate and certificates as are hercin-before di-re$ed, which certificate and certificates (hull be good and -effectual to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were granted by the mayor or other chief magiftrate, conful, or vice-conful, or the port to which fuch prize or prizes, officers or men as aforefaid fhall be firft brought, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding : provided always, that where fuch oath of the number of men on board any fhip or (hips fo taken, burnt, funk, or otherwife deftroyed, cannot be had by reafon of the total dcftru&ion of the officers and crew of fuch (nip or (hips; then and in every fuch cafe the number of men on board fuch fhip or fhips at the beginning of the attack or engagement fhall be afeertained by fuch evidence as under the circumftances of the cafe, fhall, by the judge qf the high court of admiralty, or by the judge of any other court duly authorifed, be deemed fufficient proof thereof: provided like-wife, that in any cafes in which doubts fhall arile whether the party or parties claiming head-money are entitled thereto, the fame fhall be fummarily determined by the judge of the hi»h court of admiralty, or by the judge of any other court of admiralty in which the prize fhall have been adjudged, fubjeft neverthelefs to an appeal to the lords-commifiioners of appeal in prizc-caufes.
  Bills for the VI. And be it further enadled, That the bill or bills to be n«de pavabfe ma<k out ^or b°unty hereby granted to the commanding to the perfotis officers, feamen, marines, foldiers, and others of his Majeffy’s
                                                                                                       fhips

I
 I
 i
  i
  !
  t
  ►
  1
 I
 !
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Gf.orgii III. c. 72. 1047
 (hips of war, or hired armed (hips, for taking, finking, burning, appointed or otherwife deftroying any (hips of war or privateers belonging prize-agents, to any of his Majefty’s enemies, (hall be made payable to fuch perlon or perfons as (hall be authorifed *and appointed agents for appraifements and fales of fuch prizes in refpedl of which fuch bounty (hall be payable, the fame bounty to be diftributed and divided by the faid perfon or perfons fo authorifed and appointed amongft the captors, in fuch manner, form, and proportion as aforefaid; the feveral (Inres of fuch captors as (hall run from his Majefty’s fervice, and of fuch as (hall not be legally demanded within the times preferibed for the demand of prize-money, (hall be applied to the ufe of the (aid royal hofpital at Greenwich, fubje«£l to the fame provifoes and exceptions as in the cafe of prize-monies; and that the bill or bills to be made out for the bounty hereby granted to privateers, for taking, burning, finking, or otherwife deftroying any (hips of war or privateers, belonging to any of his Majefty’s enemies, (hall be made payable to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be nominated and appointed by the owner or owners, officers and feamen of fuch privateer or privateers, who (hall have taken, burnt, funk, or otherwife de-ftroyed the fame, or the major part of them, to be divided in fuch manner and proportions as (hall have been agreed on by them, as aforefaid.
    VII. Provided always, and be it enabled. That if any (hip or Prizesbelong-veflel, or boat, taken as prize, or any goods therein, (hall ap- ing to hi- Ma-pear and be approved in any court of admiralty having a right to jefty’sfubjedts, take cognizance thereof, to have belonged to any of his Ma- ttj|ctjII'r|^m to jefty’s fubjedfs of Great Britain or Ireland^ or of any of the be reftored dominions and territories remaining and continuing under his upon payment Majefty’s protedlion and obedience, which were before taken or of falvage. furprized by any of his Majefty’s enemies, and at any time afterwards again furprized and retaken by any of his Majefty’s (hips of war, or any privateer, or other (hip, veflel, or boat, under his Majefty’s prote&ion and obedience, that then fuch (hips, vcfl'els, boats, and goods, and every fuch part and parts thereof as aforefaid, formerly belonging to fuch his Majefty’s fubjedls, (hall in all cafes (fave in fuch as are hereafter excepted) be adjudged, to be reftored, and (hall be, by the decree of the fail court of admiralty, accordingly reftored to fuch former owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors, he or they paying for and in lieu of falvage (if retaken by any of his Majefty’s (hips or hired armed (hips) one-eighth part of the true value of the (hips, veflels, boats, and goods refpedfively fo to be reftored, which faid falvage of one-eighth (hall be anfwered and paid to the ' flag-officers, captains, officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers in his Majefty’s faid (hip or (hips of war, to be divided in fuch manner as before in this adt is diredled, touching the (hare of prizes belonging to the flag-officers, captains, officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers, where prizes are taken by any of his Majefty’s (hips of war j and if retaken by any privateer or other (hip, veffel, or boat, one-fixth part of the true value of the Uid (hips, veflels, boats, and goods, all which payments to be
                                                              made
   
 1048 Annoregni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 72. [1805.
            made to the owner or owners, officers and feamen of fuch privateer, or other (hip, veflel, or boat, (hall be without any deductions, •  '       and (hall be divided in fuch manner and proportions as fhall have
          • been agreed on by them as aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch (hip, vefTel, or goods, (hall have been retaken by the joint operation or means of one or more of his Majefty’s (hips, and one or more private (hip or (hips, then the-judge of the high court of admiralty, or other court, having cognizance thereof, (hall order and adjudge fuch falvage to be paid to the recaptors by the owner or owners of fuch retaken (hip, veflel, or goods, as he (hall, under the circumftances of the cafe, deem fit and rea-fonable, which falvage foto be adjudged (hall be accordingly paid by the owners of fuch retaken (hip, veflel, or goods, to the agents of the recaptors, in fuch proportions as the faid court (hall adjudge; but if fuch (hip or veflel fo retaken (hall appear to have been, after the taking by his Majefty’s enemies, by them fet forth as a (hip or veflel of war, the' faid (hip or veflel (hall not be reftored to the former owners or proprietors, but (hall in all cafes, whether retaken by any of his Majefty’s (hips, or by any ' privateer, be adjudged lawful prize for the benefit of the captors.
    VIII.              And be it furthq; enabled, That all regulations herein contained refpedting prizes, (hall apply to all cafes of bounty-extendtocafrs money granted by this act and of falvage upon recaptures from offalvagcupon his Majefty’s enemies.
 That the regulations of the alt (hail
 recapture.
 Admiralty may ilfue letters of marque.
   IX. And be it further enaCted, That the lord high-admiral of Great        Britain, or the commiflioners for executing the office of
lord high-adtniral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more of them, or any perfon or perfons by him or them empowered and appointed, (hall, at the requeft of any owner or owners whom they (hall deem fitly qualified of any (hip or veflel regiftered purfuant to the dire&ions of an a&, parted in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty* intituled, the further increafe and encouragement of flipping and           , or
of an atft, parted in the thirty.fourth year of the reign of his pre--fent Majefty, intituled. An aft for the further encouragement of Britijb marinerr, and for other purpefes therein           , (fuch
owner or owners civing fuch bail or fecurity as herein-after is mentioned or exprefled) caufe to be iflued in the ufual manner, one or more commiflion or commiflions, or letter or letters of marque and reprifal, to any perfon or peifons whom fuch owner or owners (hall nominate to be commander, or in cafe of death, fucceffively commanders of fuch (hips or veflels, for the attacking, furprifing, feizing, and taking by and with fuch (hip or veflel, or with the crew thereof, any place or fortrefs upon the land, or any (hip or veflel, arms, ammunition^ (lores of war, goods, or merchandize, belonging to or poflefled by any of his Majefty’s enemies in any fea, creek, haven, or river, and that fuch (hip or (hips, veflel or veflels, arms, ammunition, (lores of war, goods, and merchandize whatfoever, with all their furniture, tackle, and apparel fo to be taken by or with fuch private owner or owners’ (hip or veflel according to fuch commiflion and commiflions, or letter or
                                                                                                                        letter?
 
                         't
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefirao quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 1049
 letters of marque, after final adjudication as lawful prize in the high court of admiralty, or in any other court of admiralty in his Majefty’s dominions, which (hall be duly authorifed thermo ' as aforefaid, (hall wholly and entirely belong to and be divided between and among the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veflel, and the feveral perfons who (hall be on board the fame, and be aiding and affifting in the taking thereof, in fuch (hares and proportions as (hail be agreed on with the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veffel as (hall be the captor thereof, their agents or factors, as the proper goods and chattels of fuch owner or owners, and          *-
 the perfons who (hall be entitled thereto by virtue of fuch agreements among themfelves; and that neither his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, nor any admiral, vice-admiral, governor, or other perfon commiffioned by or claiming under his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, nor any other perfon or perfons whomfoever, other than the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veflel, being the captor of fuch prize-(hip or veflel, arms, ammunition, (lores of war, goods and merchandize, and the perfon claiming under fuch agreements, (hall be entitled to any part or (hare thereof, except as to the cuftoms and duties hereafter mentioned, any law, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding: provided always, that nothing in this aCt contained (hall extend or be conftrued t» extend to entitle any perfon or perfons to any intereft in fuch (hips orveflels, goods or merchandize as may be captured by any private (hips or vefiels of war belonging to or hired by, or in the fervice of his Majefiy’s com-miflioners of cuftoms or excife, but that the fame (hips or vefiels, goods and merchandize, fo captured, (hall belong to his Majefty, and be applied and difpofed of in fuch manner as his Majefty under his fign manual (hall order and dire#, after legal adjudication thereof.
    X.     And be it further enabled, That all and every perfon or Application* perfons who (hall apply to the faid lord high-admiral of Great f°r letters of Britain,'ox commiflioners for executing the office of lord high-admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, or any perfon or Admiralty in perfons by him or them empowered and appointed, in order to writing, and obtain any cominiffion or letter of marque to be granted or iflued tocontaincer-forth in purfuance of this aCt, (hall make every fuch application cuUrs^ in writing, and therein fet forth a particular, true, and exa£t de-fpription of the (hip or veflel for which fuch cominiffion or letter of marque is requeftedj fpecifying the name and burthen of fuch (hip or veflel, what fort of built (he is, and the number and • nature of the guns on board the fame, to what place belonging, and the name or names of the owner or owners of fuch (hip or veflel, and the number of men intended to be put on board the fame (all which particulars (hall be inferted in every commiffion or letter of marque to be granted in purfuance of this a£t), and that every commander of a private lhip or veflel of war, for which a commiffion or letter of marque (hall be granted in purfuance of this a£i,*(hall produce fuch commiffion or letter of marque to the collector, cuflomer, or fearcher, for the time being, of his Majefty’s ouftotns, redding at or belonging to the port from whence fuch
                                                         (hip
                                          /■’    new VOWCPUBuSi!
1050 Annfo regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.72. [1805.
            (hip or veflel (hall he firft fitted out, or to the lawful deputy or deputies of fuch colle«Slor, cuftomer, or fearcher; and the faid col-letftor, or cuftomer, or fearcher, or his or their lawful deputy or deputies (hall as foon thereafter as conveniently may be, without fee or reward, infpetft and examine fuch (hip or veflel, fo as to'afcer-tain the built and burthen thereof, and the number of men, and the number and nature of the guns on board the fame; and if fuch (hip or veflel (hall thereupon be found to be of fuch built and burthen, and be manned and armed according to the tenor and description inferted in fuch commiflion or letter cf marque as aforefaid, or be of greater burthen or force than (hall be mentioned in fuch commiflion or letter of marque, then, and not otherwife,*fuch collector, cuftomer, or fearcher, or his or their lawful deputy or deputies (hall, and he and they are hereby required, immediately upon the requeft of the commander of fuch Ship or veflel, to give a certificate thereof in writing under his or their hand or hands, gratisyto fuch commander, which certificate Shall be deemed a neceffary clearance, before fuch (hip or veflel (hall be permitted to fail from that port; and if the commander of any (hip or veflel for which any commiflion or letter of marque (hall have been granted in purfuance of this a<ft, (hall depart with fuch (hip or veflel from fuch port of clearance before he hath received fuch certificate, or (hall depart from any fuch port or proceed upon a cruife with a force inferior to the force fpeci-fied in fuch commiflion or letter of marque, every fuch commiflion or letter of marque, (hall from thenceforth be abfolutely null and void, and thd commander fo offending (hall forfeit and pay the fum of one thoufand pounds, and (hall alfo Be imprifoned for fuch fpace of time as fuch court (hall dire£f, not exceeding one year for any one offence.
Security to be XI. And be it further enabled, That before the granting or taken after jffuing of any commiflion or letter of marque in purfuance of this a£l, fuch bail and fecurity (hall be taken as hath been ufual in fuch cafes, and that previous thereto the perfons who propofe to be bound and give fuch fecurity, (ball Severally make oath before the judge of the high court of admiralty of England or judge'of any other court of admiralty, which (hall be authorifed as aforefaid in any other of his Majefty’s dominions, or his or their furrogates, or other perfon or perfons lawfully commiflioned by them ; and they the faid perfons who (hall become fureiies are, at the time of their being fworn refpc&ively, worth more than the fum for which they are to be bound, over and above all their juft debts; and moreover, the marlhal for the time being of the faid high court of admiralty, and of any of the faid other courts, or his deputy, or the perfon or perfons fo commiflioned as aforefaid, (hall make diligent inquiry, and certify him or them-felves of the fufficiency of fuch bail and fecurity, and make thereupon a report to fuch judge or his furrogate, before any fuch commiflion or letter of marque fhall be granted.
   XII.                And be it further ena&ed, That if any colledlor, cuf-officers of the tomer or fearcher of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or his or their lawful cuftoms deputy or deputies, (hall grant a certificate for any (hip or veflel
                                                                                                             which
 Penalty on
 commanders of letters of mrtrque departing without a certificate, or proceeding with a force inferior to that fp-cified in their corn-millions.
 granting letters of
 marque.
 Penalty on

1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 1051
which {hall not be of the burthen and force fpecified in the granting falfe commiflion or letter of marque granted to the commander or certificates, commanders thereof, or (hall certify to a greater burthen or force than (he really is, he (hall for every fuch offence forfeit his faid office, and be for ever incapable of holding any office under government whatfoever, and (hall alfo forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds: provided always, that the burthen of fuch (hip or veffel fo to be certified, (hall be ascertained by the certificate of regiftry granted for fuch (hip or veffel, under and purfuant to the directions of the faid recited a£ls made in the twenty-fixth and thirty-fourth years of the reign of his prefent Majcfty, or an authenticated copy thereof, in cafe the (hip (hall be at fea, which certificate or authenticated copy (hall be produced to the faid lord high-admiral, or commiffioners for executing the faid office of lord high-admiral of Great        ,
before the iffiiing of any commiflion or letter of marque for fuch (hip or veffel: provided neverthelels, that it (hall not be neceifary in the cafe of (hips belonging to or hired by, or in the Service of his Majefty’s commiffioners of cuftoms or excife, to produce fuch certificates or authenticated copies, in order to the obtaining a commiflion or letter of marque.
   XIII.    Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That all and Veflels, to every (hip and veffel for which fuch commiflion or letter of letters marque (hall be granted as aforefaid, and for and during the are^^inted time that fuch commiflion or letter of marque (hall remain in to be deemed force under the authority of this a<5t, and no lunger, (hall be licenfed. deemed and taken to be a (hip or veffel licenfed purfuant to an
a£l of parliament, made and paffed in the twenty-fourth year of the reian of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An att for the more effectual prevention of Jmuggling in tbit     , although  the
owner or owners of fuch (hip or veffel lhall not have been fur-nifhed with the licence required by the faid recited a&.
   XIV.   Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That in Letters of
cafe the owner or owners, commander and mafter, or other               be
perfon having or taking the charge or command of any (hip or 0°fte^Ces °r veffel for which fuch commiflion or letter of marque (hall be committed iffued as aforefaid, (hall be guilty of any offence contrary to any againft the a£t or a£Is of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made rcvcnuc law*-for the protection of his Majefty’s revenues of cuftoms or
excife, or for the prevention of fmuggling in this kingdom, fuch owner or owners, commander, mafter, and other perfons, (hall forfeit the commiflion or letter of marque fo iffued for fuch (hip or veflel, over and befides any other penalties and forfeitures which he or they (hall have incurred by reafon of luch offence,
   XV.      And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for Admiralty the lord high-admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffioners for j^y revoke executing the office of lord high-admiral of Great Britain for the marque” giv-time being, or any three or more of them, at any time or times jng notice, hereafter, to revoke andVnake void, by any order or orders in
writing under his or their hand or- hands, any commiflion or
                                                 commiflions, .
   
                                            1052 Anno regni quadragefimo qulnto Georgii III. c. 72. [1805.
             commiflions, or letter or letters of marque which hath or have been, or fhall be iflued forth to any perfon or perfons who hath, have been, or (ball be nominated cpmmander or commanders of any (hip or veflel, either in purfuance of his Majefty’s orders in council, or this prefent adf: provided neverthelefs, that the fecretary of the Admiralty for the time being fhall, with all convenient fpeed, after every and any fuch commiflion or letter of marque fhall be foTevoked, cauffc notice thereof in writing to be forthwith fent to the owner or owners of the {hip or veflel named or deferibed In fuch order of revocation, or to his, her, or their agent or agents, furety or fureties, or fome or one of them ; and in cafe fuPh {hip or veflel {hall be in the Channel, the faid order of revocation {hall be effedtual to fuperfede and annul the faid commiflion or letter of marque, at the expiration of twenty-days from and after fuch notice given as aforefaid, or fooner if notice fhall be adlually given in writing by the fecretSry of the Admiralty to the captain or commander thereof; and in cafe fuch {hip or veflel {hall be in the Northern Seas, at the expiration of thirty days; and in cafe fuch fhip or veflel {hall be to the fouthward of Cape Finijier, or in the , at the expiration of fix weeks; and in cafe fuch {hip or veflel {hall be in North America, or the JVeJl , at the expiration of three months; and in cafe fuch fhip or veflel fhall be in the Eajl Indies, at the expiration of fix months from and after fuch re-fpedtive notices {hall be given as aforefaid, that any commander or commanders, owner or owners, agent or agents, furety or fureties, of any fuch {hip or. veflel whereof fuch commiflion or letter of marque iflued or to be iflued forth as aforefaid, {hall be fo revoked as aforefaid, may complain thereof to his Majefty in council within thirty days next after the fecretary to the Admiralty for the time being fhall caufe notice thereof to be given as aforefaid; and the determination of his Majefty in council touching every fuch complaint fhall be final: provided always, that in cafe any fuch order of revocation fhall be fuper-feded, fuch commiflion and letter of marque fhall be deemed and taken to have continued in force, and all prizes taken by virtue thereof fhall belong to and be the property of fuch owners and captors, in fuch manner as the fame would have been in cafe fuch order of revocation had not been made: provided alfo, that no perfon fhall be liable (before he {hall have received perfonal notice of fuch order of revocation) to be punifhed for doing any matter or thing which he might have lawfully done under the authority of fuch commiflion or letter of manque, in cafe fuch order of revocation had not been made.
 JJo captured XVI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the veflel belong- pafling of this adf, it fhall not be lawful for any of his Majefty’s Majefty'*{ub- fabjc&s to ranfom, or to enter into any contract or agreement jeift* to be for ranfoming any fhip or veflel belonging to any of his ranfomed. Majefty’s fubjedts, or any merchandize or goods on board the fame, which mall be captured by the fubjedts of any ftate at war with his Majefty, or by any perfons committing hoftilities againft
                                                                                                                    his

 1805.] Anno regni cfuadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 1053
 his Majefty’s fubje&s, unlefs in the cafe of extreme neceflity, to be allowed by the court of Admiralty.
    XVII.     And be it further enacted. That all contracts and Contra&s for agreements which Ihall be entered into, and all bills, notes, and ranfom to be other fecurities, which {hall be given by any perfon or perfons T0,d*
 for ranfom of any /hip or veflel, or of any merchandize or goods on board the fame, contrary to this a&, /hall be abfolutely null and void in law, and of no efteeft whatfoever.
    XVIII.    And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or Penalty on perfons Ihall, contrary to this adt, ranfom, or enter into any perfon* ran-contraift or agreement for ranfoming any fuch fhip or veflel, or lomuiS* any merchandize or goods on board the fame, every perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of
 five hundred pounds.
    XIX.      And be it further ena£led, That in cafe at any time Penalty on or times any commander or commanders of any of his Majefty’s commander* /hips or veflels of war, or of any hired armed Ihip in his ranfomin&r* Majefty’s fervice, or of any private (hip or /hips, or veflel or
 veflels of war commiflioned as aforefaid, /hall agree with the commander or commanders, or other perfon or perfons of or belonging to any neutral or other /hip or /hips, veflel or veflels, or their refpe&ive cargo or cargoes thereof, or any part thereof, for the ranfom of any fuch /hip, veflel, cr cargo, or arty part thereof, after the fame /hall have been taken as prize, and /hall, in pursuance of fuch agreement or agreements, actually quit, fet at liberty, or difeharge any fuch prize or prizes, inftead of bringing the fame into fome port or ports belonging to his Majefty’s dominions, that then all and every of the commander or commanders of fuch /hip of veflel of war, or hired armed /hip, or fuch private /hip or /hips, or veflel or veflels' of war* who /hall agree for any fuch ranfom, and (hall quit, fet at liberty, or difeharge any fuch prize or prizes in manner aforefaid, unlefs in cafe of extreme neceflity, to be allowed by the court of Admiralty, /hall forfeit and fuffer fuch penalty or fine as the court (hall adjudge, not exceeding the fum of one hundred pounds ; and the commander of fuch private (hip (hall like-wife forfeit his letter of marque.
    XX.      And be it further enaffed, That in cafe any (hip or Prizes collu-▼e/Tel, or any goods or merchandize /hall be taken or retaken, lively re-and reftored by the commander or other perfon having the
 charge or command of any privateer, or other /hip, veflel, or ivlajefty! ** boat under his Majefty’s prote&ion and obedience, clandef-tinely, or by collufion or connivance, or by confent (unlefs the fame /hall be afterwards allowed and approved of by the court of Admiralty), of fuch commander or other perfon, without being brought to adjudication, the /hip and veflel, and goods and merchandize fo taken or retaken, and reftored, and alfo the /hip’s tackle, furniture, apparel, arms, and ammunition,
 Ihall upon proof thereof, to be made in any court of admiralty having legal cognizance thereof, be declared and adjudged to be good priac to his Majefty, and any bond given
                                                            b/
    -
 1054 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Geoitgii III. c. 72. [1805.
               by the captain or commander of fuch veflel or boat fhall be and is hereby declared to be forfeited to his Majefty; and in cafe any fuch fhip or veflel, or any goods or merchandize as afore-faid (hall be taken or retaken, and reftored by any commander, captain, or other officer having the command of any fliip or velfe! of war belonging to his Majefty, clandeftinely, or by collufion or connivance, or by confent (unlefs the fame fhall afterwards be allowed and approved of by the court of Admiralty) of fuch commander, captain, or other officer, fhall forfeit the futn of one thoufand pounds, and the faid goods and merchandize, and the (hip, tackle, apparel, furniture, guns, and ammunition fo taken or retaken, and reftored in manner afore aid, fhall be, and are hereby directed to be adjudged in all the courts of admiralty having legal cognizance thereof, as good prize to his Majefty.
 Ships retaken XXI. Provided neverthelefs, and be it hereby enabled. That before carried jf a fliip be retaken before fhe has been carried into an enemy’s myVhortsC” Port» 'r              *aw^u* f°r her, ^ the recaPtors confent thereto,
 may profecute lo profecute her voyage, and it fhall not be neceflary for the their voyage, recaptors to proceed to adjudication till fix' months, or till the return of the fliip to the port from which fhe failed; and it fhall be lawful for the mafter, the owners, or their agents, with the confent of the recaptors, to unlade and difpofe of their cargoes before adjudication ; and in cafe the veflel fhall not return di-redly to the port from whence fhe failed, or the recaptors fhall have had no opportunity of proceeding regularly to the adjudication within fix months, on account of the abfence of the faid veflel, the court of Admiralty fhall, at the inftance of the recaptors, decree the reftitution to the former owners, paying falvage, upon fuch evidence as to the faid court fhall, under the circumftances of the cafe, appear reafonable, the expence of fuch proceeding not to exceed the fum of fourteen pounds.
                  XXII.                      And whereas good and necejfary laws are in force within feveralof his Majeflfs colonies and plantations in America, preventing the carrying off from the faid colonies or plantations any fervant or fave without the confent of the owner, or the carrying off from thence any other perfon or perfons whomfoever, until fuch Commanders ^ave taken out ^'s ticket from the fecretarfs office within fuch of iliips to be refpeflivecolony or plantation, in fuch            ,   and  under fuch
 liable, while penalties andforfeitures, as in and by the faidfever al laws is declared in his Majef- and provided; be it therefore enaded, That all commanders of to tliTlaws8’ Pr‘va,e fh'Ps war> or merchant (hips having letters of marque, provided for fhall uPon t^eir 6°'ng into any the ports or harbours in the the prevent- faid colonies or plantations, be fubjed, and they are hereby ing the carry- declared to be fubjedt, to the feveral directions, proviGons, penal-wthoutThe*18 *'es’ an(* forfeitures *n and by fuch laws made and provided; requisite con- any thing in this aCt contained to the contrary thereof in anywife fent.         not with ftanding.
 Commanders - XXIII. And be it further enaded, That if any captain or other commander of any of his Majefty’s flitps or veflels of'war, or hired armed veflels in his Majefty’s fervice, having tranf-
                                                                      ports
 deferting
 convoys, or having dif-


 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 1055
 ports or merchant (hips or veflels under convoy* fhall wilfully patches, f»il-defert or fail away from them in purfuit of and with the view of capturing any (hip or veflel of the enemy (other than (hips or forfeit * veflels armed and fitted for war only, and which (hall be feen thereof hovering about or bearing down upon fuch convoy), or having prizes, captured a prize, (hall willfully defert the convoy for the purpole ot carrying his prize into port; or if the commander of any (hip or veflel whatfoever, having his Majefty’s difpatches on board, (hall fail out of his proper courfe in purfuit and with the view of making prize of any (hip or veflel of the enemy, and dull be duly convicted thereof by fentence of a court-martial, fuch commander (hall forfeit the (hare of all and every fuch prize to his Majefty, for the ufe of Greenwich Hofpital.
    XXIV.     And be it further ena<51ed. That if the captain of any Penalties oh merchant (hip under convoy (hall wilfully difobey fignals or captains of inftrudtions, or any other lawful commands of the commander dlfobe of the convoy, without notice given, and leave obtained for that ing^fignah olf purpofe, he (hall be liable to be articled againft in the high court thecom-
 of Admiralty at the fuit of the King in his office of admiralty, mander of the
 for difohedience to the officer of the convoy, and upon con- conv°y*
 vidtion thereof fhall be fined, at the diferetion of the laid court,
 in any fum not exceeding five hundred pounds, and fhall fuffer
 fuch imprifonment, not exceeding one year, as the court (hall
 adjudge.
    XXV.   Provided always. That nothing in this adt contained Private (hips,
 (hall entitle any private (hip or veflel having a commiflion for for*"
 war, and which fhall receive general orders and inftrudlions from war pUt and put herfelf under the convoy of any of his Majefty’s (hips under Conor veflels, to (hare in any prize or prizes taken by fuch (hips or voy, not tn-veflels of his Majefty, or by fuch private (hip or veflel having a ®urc
 commiflion for war or letter of marque, whilft the faid com- ** 1 miflioned (hip or veflel (hall remain under the care and protection of fuch convoy, unlefs fuch private (hip or veflel (hall have
 received orders from the commander of the convoying (hip to chafe or otherwife adt hoflilely againft the enemy, and (hall have been adlually aiding an<l alfifting in fuch captures.
    XXVI.     And whereas in all private Jhips or of , or merchant Jhipsor vejfels for whith commijftonsor letters of marque /hall
 be taken out., and likewife hired armed ve/fe taken into his
 fervice, it is expedient for the better difeipli and government of
 fuch Jhips and ve/fels, that all perfons who enter themfelves on board the fame Jhould be under proper regulations, and pay obedience to the lawful commands of the captains and chief commanders of the faid Jhips and vejfels; be it therefore enadfed, That all offences com- Offences mitted by any officer or feaman on board any veflel having committed on taken a commiffion or letter of marque during the prefent hoi- vatwsTo be tilities, or on board any hired armed veflel in his Majefty’s fer- trie(1 vice, fhall be tried and punifhed in fuch manner as the like punifhed as offences are tried and punifhed when committed by any perfon offences corn-belonging to his Majefty’s fleet: provided always, that a)l ^hted in the offenders who (hall be accufed of fuch crimes as are cognizable ce *
                                                        by
   
  *€056 Annoregni quadrageflraoquinto Georgii III. c. 72. [i8o£»
             by a court-martial, (hall be confined on board fuch privateer or merchant (hip or veflel carrying letters of marque, in which fuch offence (hall be committed, until they (hall arrive at fome port in Great Britain or Ireland, or can meet with fuch a number of his Majefty’s (hips of war abroad as are fufficient to make a court-martial; and upon application made by the qpmmander of fuch (hip or ve(fel carrying letters of marque, or hired armed veflels in his Majefty’s fervice, to the lord high-admiral of Great Britain, or to the commiffioners for executing the office of lord / bigh-admiral of Great Britai, for the time being, or to the commander in chief or fenior officer of his Majefty’s laid (hips of war abroad, the faid lord high-admiral, or commiffioners for executing the office of lord high-admiral of Great       , for the
             time being, or any three or more of them, or fuch commander in chief or fenior officer abroad, are hereby authorifed and required, in the ufual manner, to call a court-martial for trying and punifhing the faid offences.
  Prize* to be XXVII. Provided always, and be it declared and enaded, That liable to  nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend,
  duties.    to exempt any lhips, goods, wares, or merchandize which (hall
             be taken as prize, and brought or imported into this kingdom, or any of his Majefty’s dominions, from the payment of any cuftoms or duties, or from being fubjeCt to the reftri&ions and regulations to which the fame are now, or (hall hereafter be liable by virtue of the laws and ftatutes of this realm : provided never-thelefs, that it (hall be lawful for the lords-commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or for the commiflioners of the cuftoms, in fuch cafes wherein goods unfit for the market of this kingdom have been brought as prize into the ports thereof, and have been fold from neceffity under an order of the high court of Admiralty, to remit the whole or any part of the faid duties, upon a certificate from the judge of the faid court, that the goods not being intended for the markets of this kingdom, have been fold from neceffity under its order} and that the proceeds of fuch fale, after payment of duties, will be infuflicient to fatisfy juft and fonable claims.
                XX VIII. And whereas great numbers of ft>ips of foreign nations may pafs the feas laden with navalintended to be carried to the ports of France, or of other countries at war with his whereby his Majejly s enemies may not only be enabled and encouraged to fit out and arm privateers to dejlroy the trade of his Majejly's fuljefls, but may alfo be fupplied with materials to build and fit out Jhips of war to annoy and invade his Majejly's dominions: and whereas divers Jhips of foreign nations laden as   ,  may be
             taken and brought into the ports of Great Britain, and the purchafe of fuch naval /lores laden on board fuch Jhips of foreign  , for
             the fervice of his Majejly, may in many cafes be , without proceeding to the condemnation     be it therefore further enacted.
  Navy or vie- That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the principal officers tuallmg board and commiffioners of his Majefty's navy or vi&ualling for the naval fture's * t‘me ^eing, W their officers or agents, during the continuance
                                                                                                              •f
 
                                                                                                                                         )
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72.1057                  .
 of the prefent war, to purchafe on the account, or for the fervice found on
 of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors only, all or any fuch        orogn
 naval (lores found on board any fuch (hips of foreign nations, ^ *
 v- hich have been, or (hall or may hereafter be brought into any
 of the ports of this kingdom by any of his Majefty’s (hips or
 veflels, or by any private (hips or veflels of war, or other (hips
 or veflels having a commiflion or letters of marque, and that the
 commiffioners and officers of the cufloms for the time being (hall
 and may permit and fufFer fuch nival (fores fo purchased as               *
 aforefaid, to be entered and landed within any of the ports of
 this kingdom; any thing in an a& of parliament pafled in the
 twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King Charles th'e
 Second, intituled. An                aft for the encouraging and of
 fhipping and navigation, or in any other ftatute mads fublequent
 thereto contained, to the: contrary thereof in anywife notwith-
 ftanding.
   XXIX.       And be it further enadled, That all prize-ffiips or Prize veflels veflels which (hall be legally condemned, or (hall be fold under condemne.1 to any decree of the high court of Admiralty, (hall, to all intents
 and purpofes whatfoever, be confidered as           built (hips or
 veflels, being firft duly regiftered according to the provifions of the faid recited adl made in the twentv-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and (hall be deemed and taken as fuch, and.
 (hall be entitled to have and enjoy all and every the fame rights, liberties, privileges, and advantages, in all refpedls whatfoever, with 5r;V^-built (hips and veflels, and (hall be fubjeft and liable to all and every the rules and regulations that (hips or veflels are fubjedt and liable to; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.
   XXX.        And be it further enadled. That if any commander or Penalty for commanders, officer or officers, feamen, marines, foldiers, or ^utk^ofem others, (hall break bulk on board, (except in cafe of neceffity, bezziing any to be allowed by the court of Admiralty,) or embezzle any of part of prizes, the money, jewels, plate, goods, merchandize, tackle, furniture,
 or apparel of or belonging to any prize or prizes, fuch commander, officer, feaman, marine, foldier, or other perfon, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit his whole (hare in fuch prize to his Majefty for the ufe of the royal hofpital at         , and fo to
 be adjudged on proof thereof by the court of Admiralty in which fuch proof (hall be made, and (hall alfo forfeit treble the value of all fuch money, jewels, plate, goods, merchandize, tackle, furniture, or apparel, as he or they (hall embezzle.
   XXXI.        And be it further ena&ed. That all fuch captures as Capture aforefaid, which (hall be brought into any of his Majefty’s brought into dominions abroad, in order to be proceeded againft to con- ^'9 Majtfty's demnation in any of his Majefty’s courts of vice-admiralty, abroadT^be being thereto duly authorifed, (hall, without breaking bulk day under the there, and be under the joint care and cuftody of the colle&or care of the and Comptroller of the.cuftoms, and where there is no comp- ofljfer# troller, then of the naval officer of the port or plare where thecu oni* fame (hall be brought, and the captors or claimants thereof, or
   Vol. XLV-                  7   3 Y                          their
        GO gle                            '    .          'Jr V  YORKPUBUf BRA
 1058 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. [1805.
              their agent or agents, fubjeft to the direction of fuch court of vice-admiralty, until the fame (hall by final fentence have been either cleared and difcharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful prize, or that fuch interlocutory order as aforefaid (hal^ have been made for the releafing or delivering the fame; and upon the final condemnation or adjudication thereof as lawful prize, (hall be immediately delivered unto the captors thereof or their agents.
 Penalty for    XXXII, And be it further enadled and declared, That it (hall
 breach of hn   |awfuj for the judge of the high court of Admiralty, or the judge
 (trillions     any other court lawfully commifiioned to take cognizance of
 relative to prize, upon due proof of the breach of any of his Majefty’s inftruc-
 prizes, or for tions relating to prizes, or of any offence againft the law of nations offences     committed by the captors in relation to any prize, or to the
 captor”16 y perfons taking on, board the fame, to condemn the prize to his againft the Majefty’s ufe and difpofal, fave as herein above is directed with law of nations, re fpedt to breaking of bulk or embezzlement; and where the prize hath been taken by a (hip having a commiflion or letter of marque, to revoke the fame, and to pronounce the bond to be forfeited, and to compel payment of. the penalty fecured thereby, fubjelt nevertheless to an appeal to the lords-commifiioners of appeals in prize-caufes.
 Granting         XXX111. And be it further ena£led, That it fhall be lawful for
 falaries to the his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, by any order in council, from admiralty t‘me t0 t‘me t0 aru* afeertain proper and adequate falaries for courts in the judges of vice-admiralty courts eftablifhed or to be eftablifhed in the Bahama and Bermuda iftands, and likewife at the ifland of Malta in the Mediterranean, not exceeding the fum of two thou-, fand pounds per annum for any of fuch judges; and fuch falaries fhall be ifiued, payable, and paid out of the confolidated fund of Great Britain.; and further, that fuch falaries (hall be charged and chargeable, and paid and payable in like manner in every refpetft, and under and fubjed to fuch rules, regulations, pro-vifions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are contained in an adf, pafled in the thirty-ninth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for the augmentation of the falaries of the judges of the courts in Weftminfter-Hall, and aljo the lords of the feffiony lords commi[f:oners of JuJlieia, and barons of the Exchequer in Scotland ; and for enabling his Majejly to grant annuities to perfons in certain offices in the faid courts of Weftminfter-Hall on their refignation of their refpeflive offices.
    XXXIV.                   And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for his Majefty, by any letters patent under the great feal of Great Britain, to give and grant to any fuch judge, upon his re-nation i,oooA Agnation 0f any fuch office, an annuity for the term of his life, per annum. nQt excee£Jing one thoufand pounds, to be iflued and payable, and paid out of the confolidated fund of Great Britain; and fuch annuity (hall be charged and chargeable, and paid and payable in like manner in every refpe«5t as the falaries of the faid judges: provided always, that no fuch annuity granted to any fuch judge fhall be valid, unlefs fuch judge (hall have continued
                                                              -          Ml
 Bahama and Bermuda i (lands, and Malta.
 Allowing judges on their re fig-
   Gex gle
 I
    1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii Ilf. c. 72. 1059
 in one or more of the faid offices for the period of fix years, or fhall be afflifted with fome permanent infirmity difabling him from the execution of his faid office, which {hall be diftinftly xecited in the faid grant.
    XXXV.         And be it further enafted, That the profits and That the proemoluments of the faid judges (hall in no cafe exceed the fum of °g
 two thoufand pounds to each or any or either of the faid judges JnUotgexcecd
 in any one year, and fo in proportion for any part of a year, a,ooo/. above
 over and above the falary of fuch judge by this aft granted ; and their (alariet.
 every fuch judge fhall keep a juft and true account of the fees
 and pecuniary profits and emoluments received by him as fuch
 judge in each year ending on the firft day of 'January in each
 year, and fhall, as foon after the faid firft day of January as
 the fame can be done in every year, tranfmit an account thereof
 to the commiftioners of the navy, and (hall carry all fums and
 fum of money exceeding the faid fum of two thoufand pounds
 to the account of the Succeeding year, or pay the fame or any
 part thereof to fuch perfon or perfons, and in fuch manner, as
 to the faid commiflioners of the navy fhall feem fit, and they
 fhall for that purpofe direft.
    XXXVI.        Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That Aft not to nothing in this aft contairted fhall affeft any of the regulations 4* G. j. contained in an aft, palled in the forty-firft year of his Majefty's c* s6, reign, intituled, An atl for the better regulation of his Majefty's prize-courts in the weft indies and America, and fir giving a
 more fpeedy and effectual execution to the decreet of the miffioners of appeals, but that all the regulations of the faid aft -fhall be carried into full force and effeft, except fo far as the fame, or any of them, are by this aft altered or varied, or in refpeft of which other provifions are made.
    XXXVII.       Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing Aft not to in this aft contained fhall be conftrued to reftrain his Majefty, ™ftra*n his heirs and fucceflors, from giving fuch further rules and direftions from time to time to hisrefpeftive courts of admiralty tions to courts and vice-admiralty, for the adjudication and condemnation of of admiralty, prizes, and for regulating the fees of the faid courts, and amending and altering the table of fees therein, as by his Majefty, his
 heirs and fucceflors, with the advice of his or their privy council, fhall be thought necefiary or proper.
    XXXVIII.       And be it further enafted, That a table of fees. Table of fees authorifed as aforefaid, fhall be fufpended in fome confpicuous ** *™n8 UP part of the court in which the feveral judges of the vice- cou * admiralty courts fhall hold their courts, and that no judge or furrogate, regifter or deputy-regifter, nor any marfhal or deputy-
marfhal, of or belonging to any of his Majefty's courts of vice-admiralty, (hall, either direftly or indireftly, by himfelf or themfelves, or by any agent or agents, or other perfon or per-fons whomfoever, receive or take any fee beyond thofe fpecified in the table aforefaid ; and that every judge or furrogate, regifter or deputy-regifter, marfhal or deputy-marfhal, who fhall be guilty of fuch offence (being thereof lawfully convifted.
3 Y2
either
 Punlfhment on taking more fees than allowed
 No judge or officer of any court of admiralty practicing therein to be intereft ed in any vcffel having a letter of marque.
 1060 Anno regni qiiadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 72. [1805^
              either upon information or indictment in manner aforefaid,) fliall from thenceforth abfoluteiy forfeit his refpedive office and employment * of judge or furrogate, regifter, deputy-regifter, marfhal or deputy mar (hall, in or belonging to the fame court.
                XXXIX.        And be it further enaded, That the demanding or receiving any fum or fums of money, other than the fees aforefaid, fhall be deemed and taken to be extortion, and a mif-demcanor at law, and fliall be proceeded againfl and punilhed as fuch under and by virtue of this ad.
                XL. And be it further enaded, That no judge, regifter or deputy-regifter, marlhal or deputy-marftial, or any other officer whomfoever, of or belonging to any court of admiralty or viceadmiralty, nor any perfon or perfons pradifing either as advocate, prodor, or otherwife, in any fuch .court or courts, fliall be concerned or interefted diredly or indiredly as owner, part owner, ftiarer, or adventurer in any private (hip or (hips, or veffel or veffels of war whatfoever having any commifflon or commiffions, or letter of marque as aforefaid; and in cafe any fuch judge, regifter, deputy-regifter, marfhal, deputy-marfhal, or other officer, advocate, or prodor whatfoever, (hall, not-withftanding this ad, be diredly or indiredly concerned or interefted as aforefaid, fuch judge, regifter, deputy-regifter, marfhal, deputy-marftial, or other officer refpedively, (hall, for every fuch offence, (being thereof lawfully convided in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Great      , or at any general
              feffion of the peace in any of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in Atnerica, abfoluteiy forfeit his office and employment in and belonging to any fuch court of admiralty or vice-admiralty, of what kind or nature foever fuch office or employment may be, and fliall alfo forfeit and pay to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the fum of five hundred pounds; and every fuch advocate or prodor refpedively, fliall for fuch laft-mentioned offence (being thereof lawfully convided in manner aforefaid ), be from thenceforth abfoluteiy difqualified, and rendered incapable of pradifing either as an advocate or prodor in any of his Majefty’s court of admiralty or vice-admiralty wherefoever. No regifter or XLI. And be it further enaded, That no regifter or deputy-other officer regifter, nor any marlhal or deputy-marftial of or belonging to of admiraUv any         Majefty’s courts of admiralty or vice-admiralty what-
 to aft as ad- foever, fliall, either diredly or indiredly, by himfelf or them-■vocate or felves, or by any agent or agents, or other perfon or perfons proftor in any whomfoever, ad or be concerned in any manner, either as an ine in the6™* ac*vocate or prodor in any caufe, matter, or buftnefs whatfoever, court to which that fhall be depending in any fuch court or courts of admiralty he belongs, or vice-admiralty., to which fuch regifter, deputy-regifter, mar-flial, or deputy-marftial (hall then belong; and that every regifter, deputy-regifter, marfhal, or deputy-marfhal, who fliall be guilty of fuch offence (being thereof lawfully convided, either upon an information or indidment in manner aforefaid), (hall from thenceforth abfoluteiy forfeit his refpedive office and employment
Go gle
       /
 1805O Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c.72. 1061
 ment of regifter, dcputy-regifter, tnarlhal, or deputy-mar(hal, in and belonging to the fame court.
   XL1I. And be it further enadfed, That no prodlor or other Pro&ors to be perfon pra&ifing as pro&or in any court or courts, being era- o°"c f^one ployed by any captor or captors, claimant or claimants, (ball be p"rty.°r °nC concerned, by himfelf or his partner, or by any perfon or perfons,r *   ,
 diredlly or indiredtly, on behalf of the adverfe party or parties, in the fuit or matter wherein he may be employed, nor (hall receive any allowance from the bills, nor in any manner whatfoever participate in the profits of the prodlor or other perfon conducing or employed in the caufe of the adverfe party or parties ; and in cafe any proftor or other perfon pradlifing as prodor in any court or courts, (hall, notwithftanding this a&, be diredlly or indirectly concerned or interefted as aforefaid, he (hall for every fuch offence (being thereof lawfully convidled, either upon information or indiCment in manner aforefaid) abfolutely forfeit his office or employment in or belonging to any fuch court of admiralty or vice-admiralty of what kind or nature foever, and (hall forfeit and pay to the ufeofhis Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, for every fuch offence the futn of five hundred pounds; and fuch pro&or or other perfon refpeCively (hall for fuch laft-mentioned offence, being thereof lawfully convidled in manner aforefaid, be from thenceforth abfolutely disqualified and rendered incapable of praCifing as a proCor or otherwife, in any of his Majeftyls courts of admiralty or vice-admiralty wherefoever.
   XLIIl. And,        for the more Jpeedy proceeding to condemnation or
 other determination of any prize-Jhip or vejjelor , already taken, or hereafter to be taken as aforefaid, and for lejfening
 the expences which have been ufual in fuch ; be it further enabled, That the judge of the high court of Admiralty of Regulations England,and of any other court of Admiralty whjch (hall be au- refpe&ing the thorifed thereto, or fuch perfon or perfons wjip (hall be then ^n<^^atl0Q cpmmiffioned for that purpofe, within five days after requeft pnze * made to him or them for that purpofe, fhall finiln the ufual preparatory examination of the perfons commonly examined in fuch cafes, in order to prove the capture of the lawful prize, or to enquire whether the fame be lawful prize or not, and that the proper monition ufual in fuch cafes (hall be iffued by the perfon or perfons proper to iffue the fame, and (hall be executed by. the perfon or perfons proper to execute the fame, within the fpace of three days after requeft in that behalf made, and in cafe no claim of fuch captured (hipt veffitl, or goods, fhall be duly entered in «;he ufual form, and aiteffed upop oath, giving twenty days notice after the execution of fuph monition ; or if there be fuch claim, and the claimant or claimants (hall not within five days from the time of entering fuch claim, give fecurity in the fum offixty, pounds rterling, to pay cods to the captor or captors, in cqfc the jpdge (hall decree cods to be due, that then the judge of luch court of admiralty (hall, upon producing to him the (aid examination, x>r copies thereof, and producing to him upon oath all          : t
 the papers and .writjpgs which (hall have been found, token in*) -
Go gle
                                        1062 Annoregniquadragefimoquinto Georg 11 III. c* 72. [1805.
            or with fuch capture, or on board any other captured (hip or veflel regarding the fame, or upon oath made that no papers or writings were found, proceed with all convenient fpeed to fen-tence, either to difcharge or acquit fuch capture, or to condemn the fame to be good and lawful prize, according as fhall appear to him upon perufal of fuch preparatory examinations, and all the papers and writings found, taken in, or with fuch capture, or on board any other captured veflel regarding the fame, if any fuch fhall be found, or to allow further time for a claim to be .entered, or fecurity given ; and in cafe any fuch claim fhall be duly entered and fecurity given thereupon, according to the tenor and true meaning of this a&, and there {hall appear no occaflon to enter into any othet' examination, that then the judge fhall within ten days, if poflible, after fuch claim made and fecurity gjven, proceed to fentence as aforefaid touching fuch capture; but in cafe upon entering fuch claim, and the atteftation thereupon, or the producing of fuch papers and writings as aforefaid regarding fuch captured fhip or veflel, or goods, and upon the faid preparatory examinations, it fhall appear donbtful to the faid judge whether fuch capture be lawful prize or not, and it (hall appear to him to be neceflary, according to the circumftances of the cafe, for the clearing and determining fuch doubts, to have an examination of witnefles on pleadings given in by the parties and admitted by the judge, or fuch other lawful mode of inquiry as the faid judge may think requifite, that then the faid judge fhall forthwith caufe fuch capture to be appraifed by perfons well {killed in the fame, to be named by the parties, and approved and appointed by the court, and fworn truly to appraife the fame, according to the beft of their fkill and knowledge, for which pur-pofe the faid judge fhall caufe, if he fhall think fit, the goods found on board to be unladen, and an inventory thereof being firft taken, if the judge (hall think neceflary, by the marfhal of the Admiralty or his deputy, (hall caufe them to be pur into proper warehouses, with feparate locks, of the colle&or and comptroller of the cuftoms, and where there is no comptroller, then of the naval officer, and the agents or perfons employed by the captors and claimants, at the charge of the party defiring the fame, and fhall after fuch appraifement, and within the fpace of fourteen dhys after the making of the faid claims, proceed jo take good and fufficient fecurity from* the claimants to pay the captors the full value thereof according to fuch appraifement, in cafe the fame (hall be adjudged lawful prize, and {hall alfo proceed to rake good and fufficient fecurity from the captors to pay fuch cofts as the court {hall think proper, in cafe fuch {hip, veflel, or goods -fhall not be condemned as lawful prize; and after fuch fecurity duly given, the faid judge fhall make an interlocutory order for releafing or delivering the fame to fuch claimant or claimants, or his or their agents, and the fame {hall be a&ually releafed and delivered accordingly.
 Dire&ingthe XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That ia pet proceeds cafe the fentertce or interlocutory decree having the force of a
                                                                                                    definitive
Go gle
                          I
 1805.J Anno regni quadragefimo qumtoGEORGii III. c.72. .1063
 definitive fentence of fuch court of admiralty or vice~admiralty, be deemed ftiall be finally reverfed after fale of any (hip or goods, purfuant          i|(
 to the dire&ions in this ad contained, the net proceeds of fuch cafe the fen. fale (after payment of all expences attending the fame) (hall betence is re-deemed and taken to be the full value of fuch (hip and goods, verfed. and that the party or parties appellate, and their fecurities, (hall not be anfwerable for the value beyond the amount of fuch net proceeds, unlefs it fhall appear that fuch fale was made fraudulently or without due care.
    XLV. Andy for the encouragement of the capture of fuch armed                x
 Jhips belonging to the enemy, be it further enaded, That it (hall be Six privateers,
 lawful for the captors to include in one adjudication any number, ^ not exceeding fix, of fuch fmall armed (hips, having a commiffion may°beSin-C * or letter of marque from the enemy, not exceeding feventy tons eluded in one each, and which (hall have been taken within the fpace of three adjudication, months preceding the application to the court of Admiralty for fuch adjudication.
    XLV I. And be it further enaded. That all books, papers, Writings and writings found in any (hip or vefiel taken as prize, (hall, found on without delay, be brought into the regiftry of the court of Ad-miralty, upfm oath, wherein fuch (hip or veiTel may be proceeded brought into againft in order to condemnation, but that only fuch books, the regiitry of papers, and writings (halJ be made ufe of and tranflated, as (hall the court of be agreed or infilled upon by the pro&ors of the feveral parties. Admiralty.
 captors, or claimants ; or in cafe of no claim, by the captor or his prodor, or agent or regifter, to be neceflary for afeertaining the property of fuch (hip or vefiel, and cargo thereof.
 - XL VII. And be it further enaded. That no claim on behalf Claims of af-©f any afierted joint capture (hall be admitted before condemna- fe,te‘1 tion, unlefs fecurity be given at the time of entering the fame, tobe^dmUted that the party (hall contribute to the a&ual captor his propor- but on fecu-tion of all expence that (hall attend the obtaining the adjudica-rity given for tion, as well in the firft infiance as upon the appeal, and like- contribution wife his proportion of all cofts and damages that may be awarded ce^and coft# againft the adual captor on account of the feiture and detention ; and damages, and after final condemnation, no allegation fetting forth fuch afierted intereft (hall be admitted unlefs the party (hall have pre-vioufiy paid his proportion of all fuch expences as (hall have attended the obtaining fuch final condemnation, and unlefs he (hall have (hewn fu(ficient caufe to the cobrt why fifch claim was not afierted at or before the return of the monition : (provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend to the afierted intereft of any admiral or flag-ofiicer claiming to (hare in any prize by virtue of his flag.)
   XLVIIl. And be it further enaded, That the regifters of Regifter* of every vice-admiralty court (hall, on the twenty-fixth day of vice-admi-Decernberand twenty-fifth day of June in every year, tranfmit to tranftnit*a the regifter of the high court of Admiralty a lift of all the prizes )jft Qf prizes that have been adjudged in their courts refpedively, together adjudged, with the names ofthe capturing (hips and their commanders, and die agents of the captors, and a copy of the decretal part of the
                                                        fentences
   
 prize-caufes.
1064 AnnoregniquadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 72. [1805.
            fentences upon the fame, which lifts (hall be hung up for pub-lick ini'pebtion in theregiftry atDoflors’ Commons, together with (imilar lifts of the prizes adjudged in the high court of Admiralty, and in the court of appeal, and a fimilar lift (hall in like manner be tranfmitted to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital or his < deputy.
Appeal* may XLIX. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby further enabled, conmuiTionersany caPtor or captors, claimant or claimants, (hall not for hearing reft fatisfied with the fentence, or interlocutory decree having the force of a definitive fentence, given or pronounced in the high court of Admiralty of                , or in any court of admiralty
            or vice-admiralty in any of his Majefty’s dominions, duly au-thorifed to proceed in prize-caufes, it (hall and may be lawful for the party or parties thereby aggrieved to appeal from the laid high court of Admiralty, or from any of the faid courts of admiralty or vice-admiralty, to the commiftioners appointed under the great feal of Great Britain for receiving and determining appeals in caufes of prize, fuch appeals to be interpofed and received in the like manner as appeals to the commiftioners in prize-caufes have been ufually interpofed and received from the faid high court of Admiralty, and good fecurity to be likewife given by the appellant or appellants that he or they will effebtually profecute fuch appeal, and alfo pay fuch cofts as (hall be awarded in cafe the fentence, or interlocutory decree having the force of a definitive fentence of fuch court of admiralty or vice-admiralty, be affirmed, any thing in this abt contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding : provided always, that the execution of any definitive fentence, or interlocutory decree having the force of a definitive fentence, appealed from as aforefaid, (hall not be fufpended by reafon of fuch appeal, fave as is hereinafter provided, in cafe the party or parties appellate (hall give fuffi-cient fecurity, to be approved of by the court in which fuch fentence or interlocutory decree (hall be given, to reftore the (hip, veftel, goods, or eft'cbls, concerning which fuch fentence or interlocutory decree (hall be pronounced, or the full value thereof, to the appellant or appellants, in cafe the fentence or interlocutory decree fo appealed from (hall be reverfed.
   L. And be it enabled. That in cafe any perfon, who was not a party in the firft inftance of the caufe, (hall intervene in or inter-to enter their P°*® 3n appeal from a fentence, or interlocutory decree having claims, or ap- the force of a definitive fentence, given or pronounced in any penis to be admiralty court, fuch perfon, or his or their agent or agents, (hall void.      at the fame time enter his or her claim, otherwife luch appeal
            (hall be null and void.
Appellants to LI. And whereas great inconveniences have arifen by appeals in bition^within prize-caufes not being profccuted in a reafonable , and from fecret certain pc- appeals, or protocols of appeal, being entered before a notary publicity
nods.      without any notice given to the court or parties , or their
            pro£lors: for remedy whereof, be it enacted. That every perfon being a party or not a party in a prize-caufe, in the high court of Admiralty in England} or in any vice-admiralty court, and againft
                                              »                                 whom
 Perfon snot parties in the firft inftance

  Got. gle
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 I
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 1065
 whom a fentence (hall hereafter be given, or any interlocutory decree having the force of a definitive fentence pronounced, and who (hall appeal therefrom, fhall profecute fuch his appeal by taking out the ufual inhibition, within twelve months after the time fuch fentence or interlocutory decree fhall be given ; and that after the expiration of the faid term of twelve months, without any inhibition having been taken out, no appeal fhall be allowed to be profecuted by any perfon, being a party or not a party, in the faid high court of admiralty or vice-admiralty, nor fhall any inhibition be granted at the prayer of fuch perfon or his prodtor, but the faid fentence or interlocutory decree fhall ftan'd confirmed as to fuch perfon: provided neverthelefs, that it fhall be lawful for the lords-commiflioners of appeals, in all cafes in which it fhall appear that a dift; ibution has not taken place, to permit an appeal to be profecuted after the term of twelve months elapfed, where, upon fpecial caufe (hewn, they fhall deem fuch permiffion fit and reafonable to be given.
   L1I. And be it enadted, That in cafe any appeal fhall be inter- Captures to pofed from a fentence, or interlocutory decree having the force be appraifed, of a definitive fentence, given or pronounced in any court of ^bede^ admiralty or vice-admiralty, concerning any fhip or veflel, or ^ivered or the goods or effedts, which have been, or now are, or fhall hereafter efftfts iold. be feized and taken as prize, that then and in fuch cafe, the judge of fuch court of admiralty or vice-admiralty fhall and may, at the requeft, cofts^and charges either of the captor or claimant (or of the claimant only, in cafe where the privilege is referved in favour of the claimant by any treaty or treaties fubfifting between his Majefty and foreign powers), make an order to have fuch capture appraifed, unlefs the parties fhall otherwife agree upon the value thereof, and an inventory to be made, and then take fecurity for the full value thereof accordingly, and thereupon caufe fuch capture to be delivered to the party giving fuch fecurity, in like manner as is herein-before enadted, notwith-fianding fuch appeal; and if there fhall be any difficulty or fuffi-cient objedtion to the giving or taking fecurity, the judge fhall, at the requeft of either of the parties, order fuch goods and effedts to be entered, landed, and fold by publick audtion, under the care and cuftody of the proper officers of the cuftoms, and under the diredtion and infpedtion of fuch perfons as fhall be appointed by the claimants and captors ; and the monies arifing from the fale fhall be brought into court, and, by the regifter, deputy-regifter or deputy-regifters, of the faid court, be depofited in the bank of England, or (in cafe the captors and claimants fhall agree thereto), in fome publick fecurities at intereft, in the names of the regifter and of fuch truftees as they the faid captors and claimants fhall appoint, and the court fhall approve; and if fuch fecurity fhall be given by the claimants, then the judge fhall give fuch captured fhip or veflel a pafs under his feal, to prevent its being again taken by his Majefty’s fubjedts in its deftined voyage.
   LIII. And be it further enacted. That all appraifements and Directions for
                                                          falec
\
Go gle
 Agents to regilt er their powers of attorney.
                                            1066 Annoregni quadragefimoquinto Georg 11 III. c. 72. [1805.
 appointing (ales of any (hip or (hips, goods, wares, and merchandize, as (hall pnzfagcnts. jjC (3^0 by any (hip or (hips of war, lhafl be made by agents appointed by the flag-officers or flag-officer, captains or captain, officers or officer, (hips’ companies or company, and others entitled thereto ; that is to fay, that if the flag-officers or flag-officer of any fleet or fquadron of (hips as (hall take any (itch prize or prizes, or the majority if more than one, (hall appoint one or more pe/fon or perfons, agent or agents as aforefaid, then the captains and commanders, or captain and commander entitled thereto, or the majority of them if more than one, may appoint the like number to adt for them j and all the officers and others defcribed in his Majefly’s faid proclamations, and ufually defig-nated the commiffioned and warrant officers, may appoint a like number to ad for them ; and all the remainder of the crew, ufually deiignated the petty officers, and the Teamen or marines, may appoint a like number.
               LIV. And be it further enaifled, That all and every perfon or perfons who (hall be fo nominated and appointed agent or agents as aforefaid, for any prize or prizes taken by any (hip or (hips* veffel or veffels of war, or for receiving the bounty herein-after granted, (hall exhibit and caufe to be regiflered in the faid high courr of Admiralty in Great       , in the refpedive courts of
             vice-admiralty in America, or in any other of his Majefty’s dominions where the faid prize and prizes, and every of them, (hall be proceeded againft, his or their refpedive letter or letters of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents for the pur-pofes aforefaid ; and if any perfon or perfons fo appointed agenc or agents as aforefaid, (hall, without fufficient caufe to be approved by the court, omit or delay fo to do for the fpace of twenty days after the monition has been taken out in the faid high court of Admiralty in Great      , or in any court of vice-
             admiralty in America, or other his Majefty’s dominions, for the care and diftribution of which he or they (hall be appointed agent or agents, fuch perfon or perfons fo omitting or delaying (hall forfeit the fum of live hundred pounds, and (hall be disqualified for ading as agent for any fuch prize or prizes.
     LV. And be it further enaded. That no perfon or perfons, except the perfon or perfons fo to be nominated, and appointed mitting others agent or agents, and who (halt adually difeharge the duties of cornmlffion agent» (hall, under any colour or pretence* receive any part, (hare, and on per- °r proportion of any commiflion in refped of fuch agency buli-fons receiving nefs, or any emolument, advantage, or benefit out of any fuch any fuch (hare commiflion ; and all and every perfon or perfons fo nominated and appointed agents or agent, who (hall give to, or allow to be taken by any other perfon or perfons, and every perfon who (hall take, accept, or receive, either himfelf, or by any other perfon on his behalf, or for his ufe, benefit, or advantage, or the ufe, benefit, or advantage of any part of his family, any part, (hare, or proportion of any fuch commiflion, or any emolument, advantage, or benefit thereout, (hall, for every fqch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, and alfo double the amount or
                                                                                                                value
 Penalty on agent* per-
 or emolument therefrom.
  Gck gle
     1805.] Annoregni quadragefirr.o quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 1067.
     value of what fhall have been fo given, or allowed to be taken, or 1 fhall have been fo taken and received as aforefaid.
, LVI. And be it further enadled, That the regifter or regifters Regifters of of his Majefty’s high court of Admiralty, and of all other courts               to
t   of admiralty in his Majefty’s dominions, fhall from time to time enu^powert
1   duly enter or regifter, or caufe to be entered or regiftered, in of attorney
i   one or more book or books to be by him or them kept for that
i   purpofe only, all letters of attorney that (hall be exhibited or de-
!   livered to them after the paffing of this adf, by any agent or
1   agents for any prize or prizes taken or to be taken by any of his
1   Majefty’s (hips or veflels of war, or hired armed (hips, or by
i   any agent or agents for the receipt and diftribution of any bounty
1   bill or bills within fourteen days after the fame fhall be fo exhibited
1   or delivered to fuch regifter or regifters, at his or their refpeflive
i,  offices, which regiftry fhall contain the days of delivery and entry,
     the dates of the letters of attorney, the names and places of abode r   of the agents, the names of the prizes taken, or of the (hips of
5   war or privateers of the enemy taken, burnt, funk, or other wife
t   deftroved, together with the names of the (hips or veflels by which
e   fuch prizes fhall have been taken, or by which fuch (hips of war
p   or privateers of the enemy fhall have been taken, burnt, funk,
3 or otherwife deftroyed, together with the date of the condemna-► tton (if any condemnation fhall have palled thereon), and of the u appeal, (if any, interpofed); and the regifter or regifters fhall,
     on the twenty-fixth day of                                  December, and the twenty-fifth day of *
r Jvney or within forty days thereafter in every year, tranl’mit or st deliver unto the treafurer of the faid hofpital, or to the lawful v deputy of fuch treafurer for the time being, a true copy or tran-j   feript, under his or their hand or hands, of all fuch entries as „                                 r
(i* aforefaid within the preceding half year: and if fuch regifter or
t   regifters fhall negleft or refufe to make or keep fuch entries, or
1   to tranfmit or deliver fuch copies thefeof as aforefaid, within the
i   rftfpedtive times herein before limited for that purpofe, he or
i   they fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five‘hundred
t   pounds : provided always, that if any agent or agents fh^ll be     Agents ap-
I     appointed after the time any fentence of condemnation in any of  pointed                     after
     the faid coqrts of admiralty fhall be given, fuch agent or agents ofn^f™to°n (hall, under the aforefaid penalty, regifter, or caufe to be re- r<;gjftcrtheir giftered in manner aforefaid, his or their refpedlive letters or letter powers of of attorney, appointing him or them agent or agents as afore, attorney, faid, within the fpace of twenty days after the date of the faid letter or letters of attorney. '
     : LVII: And be it further enabled, That every agent, when Direfling he fhafl regifter the firft letter or letters of attorney, which, in agents to purfuance of this a<ft, he fhall regifter after the pafling thereof,glve County, fhall at the fame time give fecurity, with two fureties, by a joint and feveral bond, in the fum of five thoufand pounds, to the court of Admiralty in which fuch letter or letters fhall be re-:   giftered, for the due execution of his truft in all matters of prize-
i   agency that fhall be committed to his care during the prefent
     war j and if he fhall negleft or refufe fo to do, fuch letter or let-r ft                                                              ter*
I
 Regi Iters to
 tranfmit to Greenwich hofpital copies of letters of nttor-
1068 Anno rcgni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. [1805.
ters of attorney lhall be null and void, and he (hall be for ever difabled from adting as an agent in matters of prize.
   LVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That the regifter or regifters of all and every the court and courts of vice-admiralty in any of his Majefty’s plantations in             , or elfewhere in
                                              any of his Majefty’s dominions, (hall yearly and every year, upon the twenty-third day of Oflober, or within three calendar P*theircourt* mont*’s next a^ter the l"ame» make out and tranfcribe true copies,
      ’ of all and every fuch letter and letters of attorney as (hall be fo regiftered in the faid court or courts, to which the judge and judges of the faid court and courts (hall affix his and their feai of office, and then the faid regifter or regifters (hall tranfmit the fame to the treafurer of the faid royal hofpital at              , to
        be there regiftered, and to be infpofted by any perfon,    , the
        charges of which copies, and affixing the fcal or feals thereto, and tranfmitting the fame to the treafurer of the faid hofpital, (hall be paid by the faid agent or agents at the time of making fuch regiftry as aforefaid ; and in cafe fuch regifter or regifters (hall negleft or refufe to tranfcribe and tranfmit fuch copy and copies of the faid letter and letters of attorney in manner afote-faid, (if any (hip or (hips in that time (hall fail from that port or place, to any port or ports in Great            fuch  regifter and
on penalty of regifters fo neglecting or refuting (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds.
   LIX. And for the better and more effectual making fuch letters of attorney evidence of the agency of the perfon or perfons to whom the fame Jhall be made j be it further ena&ed, That true copies of fuch letter or letters of attorney, and of tranferipts, under feal, tranf-mitted by the faid regifter or regifters of the court and courts of admiralty in his Majefty’s plantations in        ,  and elfewhere
within his Majefty’s dominions, and regiftered by the faid treafurer of Greenwich hofpital, (hall from time to time, and at all times hereafter, be good and fufficient evidence of the agency of the. perfon or perfons to whom fuch letter of. attorney is or (hall be made, and from time to time, and at all times hereafter, (hall be admitted without further or other proof thereof to be legal evidence in all his Majefty’s courts of record of law or equity ; any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary thereof not-withftanding.
                        LX. And be it further ena£ted. That upon every capture there (hall be fent by the captain or commander of the captured (hip, or fome perfon under his authority, to the agent or agents for fuch capture a lift of the perfons entitled to (hare therein, which prize-lift (hall be fubferibed by the lieutenants, and all the figo-ing officers then on board the (hip, and (hall contain the names, ages, and deferiptions of the perfons entitled to (hare therein, the names being arranged in the fame order in which they ftand in the mufter-books, which faid names and deferiptions (hall be taken from the defeription-book belonging to the faid (hip, and an alphabetical lift or index of the names of all fuch perfons (hall be prefixed to fuch prize-lift, and the fame (hall be examined
                                                                                                                   -' with
 $oot.
 True copies of letters of attorney and regitti y to be evidence of agency.
 Regulations as to prize-lift to be fent to agents.
     Goi gle
 !
   1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 1069
   with and corrected by the muftcr-books of fuch (hips, by which fuch captures (hall be made, depofited in the navy office, and (hall be certified by two of the commiflioners of his Ma-jefty’s navy ; and in cafe no fuch prize-lift as aforefaid (hall be fent to fuch agent or agents, he or they (hall apply to the com-miflioners of the navy for a lift of the perfons entitled to (hare in fuch capture, and fuch laft-mentioned lift (hall thereupon be made out from the returns in the office of the faid commiffioners of the navy, who (hall caufe the fame to be made out, and certify the truth thereof under their hands, or under the hands of any two or more of them ; and any perfon or perfons who (hall alter the name or rating of any perfon or perfons in any lift which (hall have been fo certified as aforefaid, or erafe or take away any name therefrom, or add any name thereto, after the fame (hall . have been fo certified as aforefaid, with irttent to defraud any perfon or perfons, or corporation whatfoever, (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds: provided always, that in cafe it (hall appear at or before diftribution, that any error has been committed in the prize-lift, or in the mufter-books tranfmitted to the navy office, nothing herein contained (hall extend to prevent the corre&ion of fuch error; nor in cafe of the omiflion of any name on the diftribution-Iift, fuch omiflion having been made through error, to charge the agent further than with payment of the fum due, together with all expences of the party in recovering the fame: provided alfo, that if any agreement (hall have been made with any perfon or perfons not entitled under his Majefty’s proclamation, or the prize-adf, to (hare in any capture, the agent, or hofpital, making diftribution according to fuch agreement admitted and acknowledged by the perfons entitled under the faid proclamation or a£t of parliament, (hall not be liable to any penalty on that account.
      LXl. And be it further enabled, That whenever a diftribu-
   tion (hall have been made upon any prize-lift, and certified be made and
   herein directed, the agent, or the hofpital, making the fame certified, the
   fhall not be liable to any penalty, fuit, or a£tion, otherwife than agent (hall
   before mentioned, in conicquence of any error or omiflion in the ®ot he \‘a“e r .,                        ^            J                          to penalty for
   laid lift.                                                          erroi*.
      LXII. And be it further enafted. That in all cafes of* con- T,jat w.|,ere( -demnation in any vice-admiralty court, where there is no clai- no claimant mant or appellant before the court, it (hall be lawful for the on condem-judge to compel the agent, at the requifition of the captor, to nation, court give fecurity at the time of condemnation for the faithful diftri- ^en^to'gfve bution of the proceeds, or for the remitting thereof to the trea- fecurity. furer of Greenwich hofpital, or to fuch perfons in England as the captors (hall appoint, under the directions of the court, for the purpofe of being diftributed in England.
      LXIII. And be it further enadted. That in all cafes of con-Diredting the demnation in the high court of Admiralty, where there is no clai- agents to veil mant or appellant before the court, it fhall be lawful for the faid ^.c {’ro^ds court, at the prayer of the captors, to compel the agents, by condemned in
                                                               procefs
UB
                                                             
Digiti2
1070 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georg 11 III. c. 72. [1805.
publick fecu-rities at the inttance of the captors.
Authoring thejudge to aflign the agent to bring in proceeds of (ale in cafe fen-tence of condemnation is appealedfrom
Allowing the lords of appeal to order proceeds to be paid into court.
 Agents to tranfmi; accounts of condemnation to trea-furer of
 procefs of monition and attachment, to veft the proceeds of the property condemned in fuch publick fecurities as the captors (hall elect, there to remain and accumulate for the benefit of the parties entitled till the time of appeal fball be lapfed, fubject never-thelefs to the further directions of the court, upon the application of the captorsj and in all cafes of condemnation in any court of vice-admiralty, where there is no claimant or appellant before the court, it (hall be lawful for the faid court, at the prayer of the captors, to diredt the property captured, or the proceeds thereof to be forthwith tranfmitted to Great       , there to be veiled in
 fuch publick fecurities after being fold, (if not already converted by Ole), as the captors (hall eledl, until the regular time of appeal (hall have lapfed, fubjedl neverthelefs to the directions of the high court of Admiralty, upon the application of the captors.
   LXIV. And be it further enabled, That it (hall be Jawful for the judge of the high court of Admiralty, in all cafes wherein any fentence of condemnation pronounced in the faid court is appealed from, at the time of ferving the inhibition thereon, or at any time thereafter during the pendancy of the faid appeal, and without prejudice to fuch appeal, to affign the agent or agents, or other perfons in whofe hands the proceeds of the prize may have come, at the prayer of either party, or of the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital, or his deputy or deputies for fuch purpofe, to bring into and leave in the regiflry the net proceeds of the fales of fuch prize, deducing therefrom fo much as in the diferetion of the judge (hall be requifite to be left in the hands of the agent or agents, for the expences of defending the faid appeal; and the proceeds fo brought in (hall be depolited, in cafe the parties fball agree thereto, in fome publick fecurities at intereft, in the names of the regifter or deputy-regifter, and of fuch truftees as the parties (ball appoint, and the court (hall approve; and in cafe cither party (hall refufe his confent thereto, the party praying the fame (hall have fuch proceeds laid out and inverted in publick fecurities for his ufe and benefit, he giving good and fuffi-cient fecurity to the court to anfwer to the other party for any lofs or deficiency that may be occafioned thereby, in cafe fuch other party (hall be ultimately pronounced to be entitled to the property.
   LXV. And be it further enadted and declared, That the lords-commiflioners of appeals are authorifed and empowered in any cafe of appeal before them, to order at their diferetion the proceeds of any prize, the fubjedl of fuch appeal, or any part or parts thereof, to be paid by the agent or agents for'fuch prize, at the requifition of the captors or claimants, into the court, to be laid out or difpofed of at the diferetion of the court on any application made for that purpofe either by the captors or claimants.
   LXV J. And be it further enadted, That every agent refidentin the United Kingdom (hall, within fix weeks after any condemnation in the high court of Admiralty, tranfmit a notice of fuch condemnation to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital, or his deputy, together with an account of the ftate of the property condemned
Go gle
 I
 i
 i
 f
 *
 t
 r
 i.*
 t
 5
 *
 k
 V
 t
 f:
 M
 l<
 n
 i*
 *
 I
 !
 «>
 ►
 ►
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 1071
 dcmned at the time of fuch tranfiniflion, on pain of forfeiting for Greenwich every neglect the fum of five hundred pounds, unlefs a reafonable ho plta * caufe be (hewn to, and approved by the court of Admiralty.
   LX VII. And be it further enadted, That every prize-agent Before pay-ftiall after the fale of any prize is completed, and before the time m«nt of the firft payment of the prize-money to be diftributed, or at of the’true ^ any time thereafter, at the direction of the court, exhibit in theaccountof refpedlive court of vice-admiralty in which the prize (hall have fale tube cx-been condemned, or in the high court of Admiralty j and if fuch hibited in1 the prize lhall have been condemned in any court of vice-admiralty SEImy ■ " abroad, (hall, as foon as the fame can be done, tranfmit to the high court of Admiralty in England an attelfed copy of the de-            • *
 tailed accounts of the fales of fuch prize, duly verified upon oath, together with attefted copies of all vouchers required by the' court, which copies, fo tranfmitted to the faid high court of Admiralty, (hall be depofited in the publick regiftry thereof, and all parties interefted therein (hall have liberty to objedf to the charges and articles therein contained, and the faid court (hall confirm or difallow the accounts, upon hearing the objedlions, and (hall make fuch further order touching the faid accounts, and the diftribution of the proceeds, as the cafe may require j and any agent who (hall neglect or refufe to bring in a copy of his accounts at the time heieby directed, or who (hall proceed to diftribute without having exhibited and tranfmitted a copy of the faid accounts, duly verified on oath in manner aforefaid, or who (hall refufe or negledt to obey any order of any court of admiralty, for the diftribution of the proceeds of any (uch prize or prizes, (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and (hall moreover be fubjedt to the procefs of the court of Admiralty, by monition and attachment, until he (hall have obeyed the order of the faid court; and it (hall be lawful for the faid court to pronounce the bond given with the letter or letters of agency to be forfeited, and to levy the penalties fecured thereby from the fureties in the faid bond.
   LX VIII. And be it further enadfed, That every agent (hall, Agents to ten days before he exhibits his account of fales in the regiftry advertife. the high court of Admiralty, caufe advertifementsto be twice in-ferted in the London Gazette, notifying to all perfons concerned, that the account of fales of fuch prize or prizes will be brought into the regiftry of the faid court.
   LXIX. And be it further enadled, That, from and after the Agency per pa fling of this adt, the per centage for agency (hall be charged centage. upon the net proceeds of any prize or prizes, bounty bills, or falvage.
   LXX. And be it further enadled, That no agent lhall be Agent not compellable to diftribute any proceeds of any prize, except in compsllableto the cafes in this ad! mentioned, until after the time of appeal has      1,11
 lapfed, and every fuch agent (hall, as far as he is able, complete peaUhpted. the diftribution of fuch proceeds within three months from the time of commencing the fame.             1
   LXXI, And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for Judge of ad-\ .                                                         the mirUty court
Go gle
NEW
                                                                                                                                      Original fn
                                                                                                                                    'ORK PUBl
frerruji
OC UE
BR/
1072 Anno regni quadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. c. 72. [1805. j
 to order dif-tribution of proceeds.
 On certificate
 of judge of admiralty court of prize failing under flag or pafs of enemy, proceeds may be distributed before time of appeal elapted.
Notifications to be given by agents of the payment of prize-money.
               the judge of the high court of Admiralty, in all cafes, either in the prefent war or in any former war, in which rhe regular time of appeal is elapfed, or in which the appeal hath been determined, or for any judge of any court of vice-admiralty abroad, in any fuch cafe as aforefaid, to which any certificate from the judge of the high court of Admiralty (hall be tranfmitted of the time of appeal being elapfed, without further profecution, together with an order of diftribution thereon, to make an order for produftion and verification of accounts, and for the diftribution of the pro- . j cecds, and to enforce the fame by the procefs of the faid court by monition and attachment upon the agent or agents in whofe hands the proceeds may be lodged, or any other perfon whom-foever to whom fuch proceeds may have been committed, and , likewife by further procefs againft the fureties of the faid agent I or agents ; and all courts of vice-admiralty in America or elfe-where, are hereby empowered, directed, and required, to enforce * upon all perfons within their jurifdi&ion all fuch orders, and all J other orders of the high court of Admiralty, whether relating to I prizes, or to any matter or thing relating thereto, within their 'J refpeftive jurifdiftions.
                  LXX1I. And be it further enabled. That if the judge of the ; high court of Admiralty, or of the vice-admiralty court, in which any prize fhall have been condemned, (hall certify that the fhip or vefTel fo condemned failed under the flag and pafs of the enemy, | or under any commiffion of war granted by the enemy, then and in fuch cafe, on the application or by the direftion of the captain or other commander of the fhip or vefTcl making fuch cap- j ture, the proceeds fhall be diftributed, and an order of the court may be obtained at his prayer, on the agent or agents, to diftri-bute the proceeds of fuch prize before the time of appeal lapfed, fubjeft neverthelefs to the liability of the captor to anfwer any appeal that may be inftituted thereafter during the time limited by law for appeals.
                  LXXI1I. And be it further enafted, That after the fale or fales of any prize or prizes which have been or fhall be taken from the enemy by any of his Majefty’s (hips of war or hired armed fhips, publick notification, ia manner herein-after mentioned, fhall be given by the perfons or agents appointed as aforefaid, for the payment of the feveral fharcs to the captors aforefaid ; that is to fay, if the prize or prizes fhall have been or fhall be condemned in his Majefty’s high court of Admiralty of Great       Britain, then the perfon or perfons, agent or agents,
               appointed or to be appointed in purfuance of this aft for the appraifement and fale of fuch prize or prizes, fhall infert and publilh, or caufe to be inferted and publifhed, fuch notification, under his or their hand or hands refpeftively, in the London Gazette; and if in any court of vice-admiralty, then in fome gazette or newfpaper of publick authority, ,of the ifland or place where the prize or prizes fhall have been or fhall be condemned, 1 and if there lhall be no gazette, or fuch other newfpaper pub-lilhed there, then in fome or one of the moft publick newfpapers
                                                                                                                            of
 > Gcx gle
 /
 I
 I-
 ,
 E
 e
 i
 i
 i
 r
 :r
 X
 t
 r
 k
 it
 r.
 i
 ft
 :
 !*
 \l
 C
 I
 *
 k
 «
 I
 *
J
*

                                                1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii 1IT. c. 72. 1073
     of fuch ifland or place; and if no newfpapers are there publifhed then by affixing notice to the church, or fome other pub-lick building direfled by the governor of fuch ifland or place j and all perfons or agents publifhing, or'caufing to be publifhed, every fuch notification refpe&ively, (hall deliver to the collector, comptroller, or fearcher for the time being of his Majefty’s cufloms, rcfiding at, or belonging to the port or place where the prize or prizes (ball have been or fhall be condemned, or the lawful deputy or deputies of fuch collector, comptroller, or fearcher, and if there (hall be no fuch colle&or, comptroller, or fearcher, then fuch perfon or agents as aforefaid (hall deliver to the principal officer or officers of the port or place where the prize or prizes fhall have been or fhall be condemned, or to the lawful deputy or deputies of fuch principal officer or officers, three of thofe gazettes or other newfpapers in which fuch notification fhall be fo inferted and publifhed ; and if there fhould not be any publick newfpapers in any fuch ifland or place, then fuch perfon or perfons, agent or agents, fhall give three fuch notifications in writing, under his or their refpe&ive hand Or hands, to the faid collector, comptroller, or fearcher, or the deputy or deputies of fuch colledlor, comptroller, or fearcher; or where there fhall be no fuch collector, comptroller, or fearcher, to fuch principal officer or officers, or his or their deputy or deputies aforefaid ; and every fuch colle&or, comptroller, or fearcher, and principal officer or officers, or fuch deputy or deputies, fhall fubferibe his or their name or names on fome confpicuous part of each of the faid gazettes, newfpapers, or written notifications refpec-tively, and by the firft fhip which fhall fail (after his or their receipt of fuch gazettes, newfpapers, or written notifications refpe&ively), from fuch port or place to any port in Great Britain, fhall tranfmit or fend to the treafurer of the royal hof-pital at         Greenwich, or the deputy of fuch treafurer for the time
     being, one df the faid gazettes, newfpapers, or written notifications, with his or their name or names fo fubferibed to and upon the fame refpedlivcly, to be there regiftered, and another of the faid gazettes, newfpapers, or written notifications, dire&ed to the treafurer of the navy, or his Majefty’s paymafler of the navy in    London, and fhall faithfully preferve and keep the other of the
     faid three gazettes, newfpapers, or written notifications, with his or their name or names thereon fubferibed as aforefaid, in his or their cuftody : and that in every fubh printed or written notification as aforefaid, the laid perfon or perfons, agent or agents,
     (hall infert or fpecify the name or names of the prize or prizes about to be diftributed, and of the fhip or fhips by which the fame (hall have been captured, and alfo the precife day of the month and year in which fuch capture or captures fhall have been made, and alfo his or their place or places of abode, chriflian and furname or furnames at full length, and the precife day of the momh and year appointed for the payment of the feveral and refpedtive (hares of the prize or prizes to the captors : and all fuch notifications with refpedt to prizes condemned or to be Vol. XLV.                         3Z                     condemned
     
Digitize
 dual (hare in each dafs*
 1074 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74. [1805.
              condemned in Great Britain, foal] he publifoed in the London Gazette three days at leaft before any part or parts ftare or proportion of any fuch prize or prizes, foall be paid to any fuch perfon or perfons entitled thereto; and all fuch notifications with refpcdl to prizes condemned/or to be condemned, in any other part of his Majefty’s dominions, foall be delivered to the faid colleftor, comptroller, or' fearcher, or principal officer or officers as aforefaid refpedlively,or fuch refpc&ive deputy’or deputies, one day at leaft before any part or parts, foare or proportion of any fuch prize or prizes, foall be paid to any perfon or perfons entitled thereto, after which feveral and refpe&ive notifications, if any man’s (hare foall remain in the hands of the perfons or agents appointed as aforefaid, either belonging to fuch men as foall be run from his Majefty’s fervice, or which foall not be legally demanded and paid within three months next after fuch notification, then fuch foare or foares fo remaining in the perfon’s or agent’s hands, or belonging to fuch men as foall run from his Majefty’s fervice, foall go and be paid to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital.
 Notice alfo LXXIV. And be it further enabled. That, together with the to be given of gazette, newfpaper, or written notification fo to be delivered to of a nTndivt    collector, comptroller, or fearcher, or to their lawful deputy
 or deputies, or to the principal officer, or his deputy or deputies, there foall be delivered by the agent or agents a written notification of the amount of an individual foare in each clafs, which notification foall be tranfmitted to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital, or his deputy, and a fimilar notification foall in like manner be delivered, and afterwards tranfmitted to the trea. furer of the navy, or the paymafter of the navy in London ; and if the prize foall have been condemned in the high court of Admiralty in Great Britain, a written notification to the like effeft
              foall be tranfmitted by the agent or agents immediately upon publication of notice for payment in the London Gazettey to the treafurer of the navy, or the paymafter of the navy in         ,
              and to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital.
                 LXXV. And be it further enadled. That every prize-agent foall, for three months after the diftribution has commenced of the proceeds of any prize condemned in              , or  bounty
              hereby granted, keep an office open two days at leaft in every week, during the ufual hours of attendance, for the payment of foares remaining due, which days, together with the place where fuch payments are to be made, foall be fpecified in the noti. fication of payments publifoed in the gazette, on pain of forfeiting for every negledt therein five hundred pounds; and at the conclufion of fuch three months he foall fufpend all further payment to the captors.
  LXXVI. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or agent appointed or to be appointed for appraifement or fate of any prize giving notice or prjzes taken or to be taken from the enemy by any of his of prize-” Majeftys foips or veftels of war, or hired armed vcfiels, or for money, or the diftribution of any bounty-monev, foall negle& or refufe to
                                                                                                                    publifo
 Agents to keep office open two days a week for payment of (hares.
 Penalty for negled of giving notice
 Go gle
 1805.] Anno regni quadragcfimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 1075
 publifti,givc,or deliver any notification herein direflcd or required not tranfmiu to be publifhed, given, or delivered, or (hall not give, publiih, or tlDS not*cc#*. deliver any filch notification before the payment of any part of fuch prizeor bounty-money, and within the times herein limited, or in the manner herein appointed, or fhall not fpecify or fet forth in fuch notification the matters and things herein dire&ed to be fpecified and fet forth, every fuch perfon or agent (hall for fuch offence forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding one hundred pounds, at the difcretion of the court in which the fame fhall be fued for, and if any collector, comptroller, or fearcher of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or principal officer or officers, or fuch deputy or deputies as aforefaid, fhall neglctft or refufe to receive or to atteft, or fhall not tranfmit or fend any fuch gazette, newfpaper, or written ' notification as aforefaid, in fuch manner as is before direfted, every fuch collector, comptroller, or fearcher, principal officer or officers, or fuch deputy or deputies fo offending, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds.
   LXXV1I. And be it further enatfed, That the notifications Notification* in all fuch gazettes, newfpapers, and in writing refpedfively as regiitered at aforefaid, which fhall be fo tranfmitted and attefted by fuch col- hof'inTto Ie&or, comptroller, or fearcher, or principal officer or officers, evidence or fuch deputy or deputies as aforefaid, and regiftered at the faid of agency, royal hofpital, on proof of the hand-writing of fuch collc&or, comptroller, fearcher, principal officer or officers, or deputy or deputies, from time to time, and at all times, (hall be good and fufficient evidence in all his Majefty’s courts of law and equity, and admiralty, that the perfon or perfons whofe name or names is or are therein fet forth and fpecified as the agent or agents of the prize or prizes therein refpe&ively mentioned, is or are fuch agent or agents.
   LXX VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Notice of palling of this a£t, all and every perfon and perfons, agent and diftribution agents, already appointed or to be appointed by the flag-officers beii^fcrted^ or flag-officer, captains or captain, officers or officer, (hips com- tj,c gaje»te. panies or (hips company and others, of any of his Majefty’s fhips or veflels of war, or hired armed fhips for the diftribution of any bounty bill or bills given or granted by virtue of this act, fhall infert and publifh orcaufe to be inferted and publifhed under hia or their hand or hands in the London Gaze, three days at leaft before the payment or diftribution of any fuch bill or bills, pub-lick notification of the precife day of the month and year appointed for the payment of fuch bounty-money, and fhall infert in every fuch notification the place or places of his or their abode, and the chriftian and furname of the agent at full length.
   LXXIX. And be it further enatted,'That in all cafes where Where no-a publick notification hath during the prefent war, been given, or tification of fhall be given before the refpe&ive times herein-before mentioned for the giving of notifications in Great         , and other fpecified in
 parts of his Majefty’s dominions, of the payment of any prize or the manner bounty-money in refpe£l of any of his Majefty’s fhips or veflels herein men-of war, or hired armed fhips, and the particular and precife day fe^foallbe
                              3 z 2                    whereon
   
 1076 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. [1805.
 given in cer- whereon fuch payment did or (hall commence, and the name or tain periods. names and place or places of abode of the perfon or perfons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed for the ap-praifement and fale of any fuch prize or prizes, or diftribution of any fuch bounty-money, was not or (hall not be fet forth and fpecined in fuch publick notification, the perfon or perfons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed for the appraifement and fale of every fuch prize or prizes condemned or to be condemned in his Majefty’s high court of Admiralty in Great                ,  or for
              the diftribution of any fuch bounty-money, fhall, on or before the twenty-fixth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five, ar.d the perfon or perfons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed for the appraifement and fale of every fuch prize or prizes condemned or to be condemned in any court or courts of admiralty in any other of his Majefty’s dominions in    ,
              or in any of his Majefty’s plantations in    , or for the dif-
              tribution of any fuch bounty-money, fhall, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred and five, and the perfon of perfons, agent or agents, appointed or to be appointed for the appraifement and fale of every fuch prize or prizes condemned or to be condemned in any other of his Majefty’s dominions, or for the diftribution of any fuch bounty, fhall, on or before the twenty-fifth day of    thoufand eight
              hundred and fix refpeiftivelv, give notifications under his or their hand or hands refpe&ively, of the precife day of the month and the year appointed for the payment of the fhares of fuch prize or bounty-money refpec'lively, and fhall fpecify in every fuch notification his or their place or places of abode, and the chriftian and furname at full length, and the feveral other particulars by this aft direfted ; and all fuch notifications fhall be publifhed or given, and delivered, attefted, and tranfmitted by and to fuch perfon and perfons, and in fuch manner, as the notifications to be‘publifhed or given are herein-before directed and required to be publilhcd or given, arid delivered, attefted, and tranfmitted.
  Agents to pay LXXX. And be it further enadted, That at the end of four over balances months after the firft diftribution of the proceeds of any prize, of'prizes* UCC ®verV agent fhall pay over all fhares and balances then remaining unpaid, to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital,' or fuch perfon or perfons as he fhall appoint and depute to receive the fame; and fhall likewife make out and tranfmit to the faid treafurer, or his deputy or deputies, a true ftatement and account in writing under his hand, of the produce of all fuch prize or prizes as aforefaid, together with an account of the payments of the feveral fhares of Greenwich to the captors, which fhall have then been really and truly by
    P
 and tranfmit an account of the produce of prizes and payments to treafurer
 hofpital.
 him paid, and fhall verify fuch ftatement and account on oath, which oath the faid treafurer of the faid royal hofpital, or his deputy or deputies, is and are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter ; and fuch agent fhall, at the fame time, deliver to the faid treafurer, or his deputy, an authentic duplicate of the diftribution or prize-lift on^which the payments have been made; and alfo that every perfon or perfons authorifed by this or any
                                                                                                                       other
 
   1805.] Anno regniquadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. 1077
   other aft to receive bills for the bounty hereby granted, fhall, within the like fpace of four months next after the day appointed for the firft payment or diftribution of fuch bills for the bounty as aforefaid, in like manner tranfmit or deliver to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital, or his deputy or deputies,-a true ftatement and account in writing under his hand, of the proceeds, payments, and diftribution of fuch bills, and verify the fame as aforefaid, and in like manner deliver a duplicate of the diftribution-lift of fuch bounty-money ; and every agent and perfon authorifed to receive bounty-money, who (hall refufe or negleft, as herein direfted, to pay fuch (hares and balances within thirty days after the expiration of fuch four months, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, over and above a fum equal to the fum then remaining in his hands ; and every agent or perfon authorifed to receive a bounty who (hall, at the end of the faid thirty days, have negleftcd or refufed to tranfmit and verify an account as above direfted of the proceeds of fuch prize or bounty, and of the diftribution thereof,' (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, and be liable to the procefs of the courts until the faid duty be complied with and performed.*
      LXXXI. And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may Treafurer of be lawful to and for the treafurer of the faid royal hofpital, or his    'to
   deputy, and they are hereby directed and required, with all con- extraft from venient fpeed after any account of the produce of any fuch prize fuch accounts or prizes, and of the payments of the feveral (hares thereof, to the the names of refpeftive captors as laft herein-before direfted, (hall have been ^ Per‘ons rendered by any agent or agents to fuch treafurer, to extraft from ^av° ^ *re* fuch accounts the names of the feveral perfons whofe (hares of paid over to fuch prize or prizes (hall, at the time of rendering fuch laft-inen- him, &c. and tioned accounts, have been paid over by fuch agent to the faid tranfmit the treafurer of the faid royal hofpital, together .with the amount of
      each fuch (hare, and the name or names of fuch prize or prizes, 0fftce for and of the (hip or (hips of war by which they (hall have been re- infpeftion. fpeftively captured; which extrafts (hall be forthwith tranfmitted by the faid treafurer of the faid royal hofpital, or his deputy, to the officer for prizes in the navy pay-officc, and .(hall there be open to the infpeftion of all perfons interefted therein, on every day (  Sunday excepted) w’ithin the ufual hours of bufinefs at the
   faid navy pay-office for which infpeftion no fee or gratuity whatever (hall be due or payable.
      LXXXII. And be it further enafted, That after the balances Treafurer and (hall have been fo paid over to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital, c'erk of the or his deputy, the faid treafurer, or his deputy, or deputies and the chec<luc clerk of the checque of the faid hofpital, or his chief clerk, (hall fj^payhtg CC keep an office open from nine of the clock in the morning to four (hares, of the clock in the afternoon, on every day in the week ( excepted) for the purpofe of paying and refunding; and (hall jointly pay and refund fuch (hares, when demanded, according to the regulations hercin-after contained.
      LXXX11I. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That Officers may if any flag-officer, or commiffioned or warrant officer, (hall direft £_ire^ *heu'
    
 of agent.
 Nodeduftiom allowed in paying over unclaimed (hares to treafurer, unlefs proper vouchers
 Perfons running away not to be entitled to prize-money
 1078 Anno regniquadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c.72. [1805.
 main ip hand* by any order in writing, that his diftributive (hare or balance (hall not be paid over to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital, or his deputy or deputies, the fame fhall remain in the hands of the v agent, fubjeCt to all fuch further orders as fuch officer may give refreCting the fame.
              LXXX1V. And be it further enafled, That no deduction (hall be allowed on any account in the payments of unclaimed or forfeited (hares and balances paid over to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital, or his deputy or deputies, for any fums not appearing upon the prize-lift of diftribution to have been thereon paid and acknowledged, unlefs fatisfaCtory vouchers from the are produced, parties, or their lawful attornies, are produced for the fame.
              LXXXV. And be it further enaCted, That no perfon or perfons belonging to any of his Majefty’s (hips or veffels.of war, or to any merchant (hip employed in his Majefty’s fervice, who (hall run away, or withdraw him or themfelves from the (hip or veffel by which any prize or prizes (hall be taken from any of his Majefty’s enemies, or otherwife from his Majefty’s fervice, before or after notification (hall be given by the perfons or agents appointed ars aforefaid, of the day appointed for the payment of the feveral (hares to the captors of the faid prize or prizes, (hall have or be entitled to have or claim, any intereft in or benefit from the faid (hare or (hares of the faid prize or prizes, or the bounty-money aforefaid, or any part thereof that (hall then remain unpaid: but fuch lhare and (hares of fuch prize or prizes and bounty-money, (hall go and be paid to the ufe of Greenwich hofpital, fubjeCt to the provifoes and exemptions herein-before mentioned.
              LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no agent or agents for prizes or bounty money fhall be liable to be (ued, impleaded, or arrefted by any perfon or perfons who (hall be made run from his Majefty’s fervice in the lift, to be duly certified, of the names of the officers. Teamen, marines, foldiers, or others, who Hull be after produc- actually on board any of his Majefty’s (hips of war at the taking certificated any Pr,ze or Pr*zes> unlefs the perfon or perfons fo made run (hall, before any aCtion brought, obtain a certificate of his or their R. or R's. being taken off, and the forfeiture of his or their (hares of fiich prizes and bounty-monies being difeharged by the commiffioners of his Majefty’s navy, or any three or more of them, and (hall produce fuch certificate to the faid agent or agents re-fpeCtively, and unlefs the faid agent or agents, on the producing of fuch certificate or certificates, (hall refufe to pay the faid prize or bounty-money, in cafe the fame be due and payable, according to the directions in his Majefty’s proclamation, within three months after any fuch demand made, and fuch certificate produced.
              LXXXVII. And be it further enaCted, That every agent, siting as fuch for any prize in any of his Majefty’s fettlements, colonies, or plantations abroad, or in any place out of the United Kingdom, (hall make up his accounts, and deliver up, and verify the lame in the vice-admiralty court, in which fuch prize (hall have been condemned, in fuch manner as the faid court (hall
                                                                                                       require
 No agent to be fued for run men, unlefs he refutes to pay prize-money
 the R. being taken off.
 Periods for remitting unclaimed /hares for foreign parts,
Go gle
 K
 i
 I
 I I?
 &
 t
 i
 n
 v
 *
 k
 5
 f
 *
 5
 P
 ii B£
 *
 II
 k
 i
 i
  1805.] Annoregni quadragefimoquiqto Georgii III. c. 72. 1079
 require, within fix months after the commencement of the distribution of the proceeds of fuch prize, and fhall, under the direction of the court, on the application of the deputy of the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital there refident, and in fuch manner as fhall be fpecified in any order made for that pUrpofe, remit all unclaimed balances, and (hares, and all (hares of run men, to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital in England, or pay the fame over to the deputy-treafurer for the purpofe of being remitted at the election of the deputy, fo as that the fame may be paid to the (aid treafurer within fix months after exhibiting his accounts in fuch court as aforefaid,on pain of forfeiting his bond of five thou, fand pounds: provided always, that if the condemnation of any fuch prize fhall have pafTed in the Eaji I, then the agent fhall caufe the fame to be remitted, fo as that the fame may be paid to the treafurer within twelve months after the verifying fuch account as aforefaid.
   LXXXVIII. And be it further enatfed, .That lifts of all LM* of prize, prizes accounted for to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital, con- to^heTrcafu-demned in the high court of Admiralty, or in any court of vice- rcr Qf Green-admiralty, fhall be tranfmitted fix times in every year from the wich hofpital office of the clerk of the cheCque at Greenwich hofpital, to theto.be tranf-feveral perfons appointed by the faid treafurer of the faid royal ™gtegrfQng hofpital, to receive applications and claims for prize and bounty-app^jnte(j monies, which lifts fo tranfmitted, fhall be open to infpe&ion by by him, for any perfon or perfons who fhall defire to infpedl the fame, on every P“blick day (Sunday excepted) between the hours of ten and four for which ,n'Pe«i°n* infpedfion, no fee or gratuity whatever fhall be due or payable,
   LXXXIX. And be it further enabled, That in every cafe in Where the which any (hip or vefTel, (hips or veflels, having made any cap-fbipi#abfent, ture or captures, fhall not be in any of the Briti/h or Iri/h, or ^ rt^|jM'er North Seas at the regular time of diftribution, fo as to enable moneyto be the officers and men thereof to be able to receive the fame, it lodged in the fhall be lawful for the treafurer of the faid hofpital, or his deputy Bank, or deputies, to caufe the proceeds of fuch capture or captures to be paid to him or them, within one month after the regular period of diftribution and when fo paid to be forth*? with lodged in the Bank, or inverted in publick fecurity of exchequer bills, in the names of the faid treafurer, the fecretary, and clerk of the checque of the faid royal hofpital, till the return of the (hip or (hips, by which the capture or captures fhall have been made, for the benefit of the captors; and on the return of any fuch fhip or (hips, to caufe fuch proceeds, with all accumulations thereon, under the authority of the diredors of the faid royal hofpital, to be diftributed within three months thereafter : provided always, that if any perfon or perfons entitled to (hare in fuch prize and bounty-monies, by reafon of any change of fhip or other caufe, fhall apply for fuch his or their (hare or (hares of any fuch prize or bounty-money, to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital or his deputy, it fhall be lawful for fuch treafurer or his deputy, to order and diredf a fufficient part of any fuch fecurities to be fold and paid to fuch perfon 6r perfons
                                                        entitled
    
 1
 Accounts of proceeds ot captures to be fent to
1,080 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georg 1 r III. c. 72. [1805.
              entitled as aforefaid or to pay the fame out of any other monies in his hands on account of prizes or otherwise, and to retain for the benefit of Greenwich hofpital, fuch proportion as (hall have been fo paid, together with all intereft thereon, when fuch fecurities (ball afterwards be fQld for dirtribution.
Remedies XC. And be it further enatfed, That all powers and remedies torsfor C3^* S‘ven 'his a& to, or 'bat may by law be ufed or enforced, or enforcing actions that may be brought by any captors to compel agents to dirtribution exhibit their accounts and verify the fame, and bring in proceeds of prizes, ice. and enforce dirtribution, or for any other purpofes relating to ufeljhTtl prize-agency, may and (ball be ufed, exercifed, enforced, and trcafurcr.16 Put 'n execution on behalf of the captors, by the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital, or by any deputy or deputies appointed by him as fuch in matters relating to prizes, in as full and ample a manner as by the captors themfelves.
    XCI. And be it further enabled, That in all cafes of captures made before the firft day of "January one thoufand eight hundred and live, in the war now fublirting, all agents refiding in any treafurer, See. part of the United Kingdom (hall dirtribute the whole of the proceeds of fuch captures according to the regulations of the faid recited a<ft of the forty-third year aforefaid : and every fuch agent (hall, within two months after the parting of this a£t, tranfmit accounts of all fuch proceeds of captures, and of the ftate of the property, and of all balances and unclaimed (hares on fuch captures remaining in their hands, to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital, or his deputy or deputies for prizes; and it (hall be lawful for the high court of Admiralty, by fummary procefs of monition and attachment, to compel fuch agent to complete the dirtribution of proceeds of any fuch capture, with cofts and inte-feft, at the diferetion of the court, for any fum that (hall appear to have been unduly withheld ; and every fuch agent (ball alfo pay into the hands of the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital, within one month after the parting of this a<rt, all (hares of run men remaining in his hands on any fuch proceeds.
                XCII.                And whereas petty marines, and                          ,
              in his                       Majcfy's naval fervice, have heretofore , in many ,
              defrauded of their prize and           , or large       proportions
                of, inconfequence of their having         , and without
              confederation for the        fame, executed powers of and other                -
                       Jlruments, by which they have transferred their interef not only in all fuch prize and bounty-money, at the time of executing fuch powers of attorney or infruments might have been due to them, but alfo all prize and bounty-money to which they might thereafter become entitled; for remedy             whereofand for preventing a continuance of fuch
frauds and impofttions, be it enabled, that all (hares of prize and bounty-money due and to become due to petty officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers, (hall be paid by the .agent or the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital, or his deputy, and the clerk of the checque of the faid hofpital, or his chief clerk, to the perfons entitled thereto, or perfons authoriied by any order to receive the fame, which order (hall fpecify the name of the particular prize or
                                                                                                                         prizes
 Prefcribmg the form of a letter of attorney for receiving prize-money
Digitiz

 1805.] Anno regniquadragefimo auinto Georg 11 III. c.
prizes for diftribution (fliould the diftribution be for more than one prize), or if the capture (hall have been upon the land, of the place or fortrefs out of which the prize-money (hall have arifen, together with the name of his Majefty’s (hip or vefTel, fhips or veflels of war, by which fuch prize or prizes was or were taken, and (hall contain a full defcription of the perfon giving fuch order, figned by the captain and one other figning officer of the fhip in which the party (hall be then ferving, or if dif-charged from the fervice, then fuch order, with fuch defcription as before mentioned, (hall be witnefled by the minifter and churchwardens of the pari(h in which fuch party may refide, which order being admitted and paid, (hall remain with the agent or agents of the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital, or his deputy, paying the fame, and (hall be in the following form :
                                                           * Ship
                                                           or place
   * At one day’s fight, pay to A. B. or his order, the fum of [in writing] being the amount of my (hare of prize or bounty-money for the capture of                         when ferving
      as [ quality] on board his Majefty’s (hip or vefTel the  j
      [or if the amount of fuch J,hare /hall not he known by the perfon making the order, then in lieu of the words “ the fum of [in writing]being the amount of my (hare of,”            “  my
      (hare or proportion of.”]
        * To C. D.agent for the faid capture, the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital, Lond.’ * Thefe are to certify. That we have examined the faid C. D. who figned the above order in our prefence, and from the documents [to beJlated] which he has (hewn us, and his anfwers to our queftions, we have reafon to believe he was ferving on board the faid (hip at the time of making the capture above fpecified; he fays he was born at in the county of          ' and that he is           years
      of age ; he is of a [fair, brow, or complexion, with [dark, or light] eyes ; has [black,     light, , or grey]
      hair,          [deferibing any other particularity of his perfon]. Given
      under our hands,
                    * G. H. captain,        7  of his Majefty’s
                    * E. F. figning officer, j (hip         .’
But if the party (hould not at the time of making the order belong to any of his Majefty’s (hips, then (hall be added under the faid defcription :
   ‘ The faid C. D. fays, he was difeharged from his Majefty’s (hip or veflel the                          by  reafon of his
      being invalided, [or, as the cafe may ]
                      * L. M. Minifter            of the  parifh
                          'N. O. [Churchwardens > where the faid
                      * .P.   |    or elders.   j C. D. refides.’
Provided always, That, from and after the expiration of three
                                          •                years
. 1081
   
Digitize
                                                                      •
 1082 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii Ilf. c. 72. [1805.
            years next after any prize or bounty-money (hall be paid to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital, putfuant to the directions of this aCt, all fuch (hares of the faid prize and bounty-monies as (hall % then remain unclaimed in the hands of the faid treafurer or the faid commiflioners and governors of the faid royal hofpital, lhall be paid and refunded to the officers, feamen, marines, and foldiers, claiming and making title to the fame, and their legal attorni.es and representatives, in fuch and the fame manner as has been heretofore adopted by the directors of the faid royal hofpital, or in fuch other manner as the faid directors may at any time hereafter judge more convenient and proper.
 Stamp-duty XCI1I. And be it further ena&ed. That for the Aamp-duty on ■) on fuch in- fuch inftrument or fpecial power of attorney not more than the 1
  rument$ it. |-um ^ one (hjiijpg fhall be paid for each perfon fubferibing the fame.
 Treafurer of XCIV. And be it further ena£fed. That it fhall be lawful for Greenwich the fajj treafurer of the faid royal hofpital for the time being to a point de nominate and appoint fuch perfon or perfons as he may think puties for " to be bis deputy or deputies, for receiving applications and receiving   claims for prize and bounty-monies at fuch ports or places
 c aims at  within the United Kingdom, as he fhall from time to time think
 ^"placesP°rt81,eCe^ar7’ wh°fe duty it lhall be to prepare fuch petitions and p * applications, and tranfmit the fame, together with the certificates, to the clerk of the checque of the faid hofpital in manner hereinafter mentioned.
 Mode of re-    XCV. And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be
 iharcTof   lawful for any perfon or perfons claiming any fhare or fhares, or
 prize-money balance or balances of any prize or bounty-monies paid into
 ' ’ ‘ '  Greenwich hofpital to apply to any fuch perfon fo to be appointed
  by the faid treafurer of the faid royal hofpital as aforelaid, and upon producing to him fuch certificates of fervice in his Majefty’s navy as fuch claimant or claimants may have in his, her, or their pofleffion, to fign a petition or petitions, application or applications, to the directors of the faid hofpital, to be prepared by fuch perfon or perfons in manner aforefaid, praying that fuch fhare or fhares, balance or balances may be paid or refunded to fuch claimant or claimants, which petition or petitions, application or applications, together with the faid certificates, lhall be tranfmitted to the clerk of the checque of the faid hofpital, who fhall, report thereon the fum or fumsdue to the claimant or claimants, with the circumftances under which the fame was or were paid into the hofpital and refer the faid petition or application, petitions or applications to the navy-office that the fervice of the claimant or claimants may be afeertained, and returned to the faid clerk of the checque of the faid royal hofpital, or his chief clerk, who, if fuch fervice fhall be found to correfpond with the certificates produced and tranfmitted, or flatcment made by the perfon or perfons claiming fuch prize or bounty-monies, (hall certify the fame, to the faid treafurer of the faid royal hofpital, or his deputy, who (hall thereupon, with the approbation of one or more of the directors of the faid hofpital, fend a remittance bill
                                                                      or
 Go gle
 paid into Greenwich hofpital, on application to any fuch deputy.
  1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto GeorgiiIII. c. 72. 1083
  or remittance bills for the amount, in the manner and fotm herein-after mentioned or fhall pay or remit, the fame in fuch other manner as the faid treafurer of the faid royal hofpital, or his deputy, with fuch approbation as aforefaid, (hall from time to time judge more expedient.
    XCVI. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for Mode of every perfon claiming any (hare or balance of prize or bounty.finding money paid into Greenwich hofpital under the authority of this}-^^*^^” ad, and refiding and being in any port or place of the United ;n part8 where Kingdom at which there (hall be no fuch deputy to the faid there is no treafurer of the faid royal hofpital for the purpofes laft afore- fuch deputy, faid, to apply for fuch (hare or balance, by letter or otherwife, to the treafurer, fecretary, or clerk of the checque at the faid royal hofpital, and fuch claimant or claimants (hall thereupon, if necef-fary, be furnifhed by fuch treafurer, clerk of the checque, or fecretary, with blank petitions and forms to be filled up and attefted by the minifter, churchwardens, or elders of the pari fit in which fuch claimant or claimants (hall rcfide, which petitions, when filled up, fhall be tranfmitted to the clerk of the checque of the faid royal hofpital, together with any certificates of the fervice of fuch claimant or claimants in the navy, which fuch claimant or claimants may have in his or their pofleffion, and when the fame fhall have been returned from the navy-office upon fuch atteftation and certificates, and a certificate fhall have been obtained from the navy-office of the fervice of fuch claimant or claimants, correfponding with the certificates which fhall have been produced byhim or them as aforefaid, fuch fhare or balance, fharcs or balances, (hall be forthwith paid to fuch claimant or claimants, on application at the proper office at Greenwich hofpital, or if from diftance of refidence, or any other caufe, fuch claimant or claimants fhall not be able conveniently to attend at the faid royal hofpital to demand the fame, a remittance bill with fuch approbation as aforefaid, in manner and form herein-after mentioned, fhall be forwarded and fent for the amount of fuch fhare or balance, (hares or balances, or the fame fhall be remitted to or for the ufe of fuch claimant, in fuch other manner as the faid % treafurer or his deputy, with fuch approbation as aforefaid, fhall from time to time judge more expedient.
    XCVII. And, in order tofacilitate the payment ofprize and -
  monies by the treafurer of the faid royal, hofpital to officers, feamen,
    marines, and foldiers entitled thereto, who may be ferving in his
  Majejlfs navy, or who may be refident in any part of the United Kingdom dijiant from the faid royal hofpital, and for preventing frauds and abufes attending the fame, be it ena&ed. That it fhall and may Forfacili-be lawful to and for the faid treafurer of the faid royal hofpital, or his deputy, and they are hereby refpe&ively authorifed and re- pj7zTand° quired, as often as there fhall be occafion, to make out or caufe bounty-mo-to be made out two bills for every fum of money which they ney, and for fhall have occafion to pay to any perfon of the defeription Prev®ntl"S laft herein-before mentioned, which bills fhall be duplicates, and Ending1 the joined together with oblique lines, flourifhes, or devices, in fame.
                                                        fuch
    

1084 Anno regni quadragdimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. [1805.
                  fuch manner as the faid treafurer or his deputy (hall think pro-, per, and (hall be payable to fuch perfon by the receiver-general of the land-tax for any county, riding, or city within the United Kingdom, colle&or of the cuftoms for any port, or colle&or of excife for any colleflion in the United Kingdom refpedlively, near which fuch perfon (hall happen to reftde, according to the appointment of fuch bills ; and the faid bills, being numbered and dared, (hall be ftgned by the faid treafurer or his deputy, and attefted by the clerk of the checque of the faid royal hofpital, or his chief clerk, and be written or printed according to the following form, of fuch other form as the faid treafurer o( the faid hofpital (hall from time to time deem more convenient and proper:
                           ‘ Sir,               Royal Hofpital, Greenwich.
                     ‘Pay to                       of                   in the
                       county of                  upon [yoducing the duplicate
                       hereof, together with a certificate under the hands of the captain and one other figning officer of the (hip to which fuch              belong', (in cafe he is in his Majcfty’s
                       naval fervice) or of the minifter and churchwardens [or, in that part of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland tailed Scotland, under the hands of the minijler and two ] of the parifh where he refules, (in cafe he is not in fuch naval fervice) that to the heft ot their knowledge and belief, he is the perfon named in fuch bill, the fum of
                                fterling, being on account of monies due to the faid for captures made by his Majefty’slhip if the lame fhall be demanded within fix calendar months from the date hereof, other wife you are to return this bill to the treafurer of the faid royal hofpital,
                                                         Treafurer, or his ) deputy.
 Form of bills for payment of prize-money.
                                                                                                                     Attefted
 ; Clerk of the checque of the faid hofpual or his chief clerk.’
                                                                                         *fcTo the receiver-general of the land.
                                                                                                                tax o( the county of * To the collector of the cuftoms of the po^t of
                     ‘To the col le<ft or of excife at                           /
                       ‘ N. B. The perfonating or falfely affuming the name and character of any perfon entitled or fuppofed to be entitled to prize-money, for fervices performed in his Majefty’s navy, in order to receive the fame, is felony without benefit of clergy.’
                     And as foon as the faid bills (hall fobe made out and figned, the faid treafurer of the faid royal hofpital, or his deputy, (hall caufe them to be cut afunder indentwife, through the oblique lines, flouri(hcs,or devices aforefaid, and (hall caufe one of the faid bills to be tranlmitted forthwith to the perfon nominated and appointed
                                                                                                                             as
    '1 Go glc
 I
 k
 Ik
 *
 t'
 *
 1805.] Anno regniquadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.
 as the payer in fuch bills, and the other of the laid bills (hall be tranlmitted forthwith to the faid receiver-general of the land-tax, colle&or of the cuftoms, or collector of the excite on whom fuch bills (hall be fo drawn as aforefaid ; and the faid receiver-general of the land-tax, collector of the cuftoms, or collector of excife, if the faid bills fhall be produced and delivered to either of them refpeCtively within fix months, if in Great         , and if in
 Ireland then within nine months from the date thereof, are hereby required and enjoined to examine fuch duplicate, together with the certificate to be produced as aforefaid, and to inquire into the truth thereof by the oath of the perfon producing the fame, or fuch perfon being a quaker, by the folemn affirmation of fuch perfon (which oath or affirmation they are hereby refpeCtively authorised and required to ad-minifter) and upon being duly fatisfied of the truth of fuch certificate, to teftify the fame on the back of fuch bill, and immediately to pay to fuch perfon, without fee or reward, on any pretence whatfoever, the fum direCted to be paid by fuch bill, taking his receipt for the fame on the back thereof; but in cafe the duplicate of fuch bill fhall not be produced and delivered, and the payment thereof be demanded within fix or nine calendar months from the date, as the cafe may be as aforefaid, or if a proper certificate of th^ perfon claiming fuch prize or bounty-money be not likewife produced, then the faid receiver-general, collector of the cuftoms, or collector of the excife, lhall return fuch bill to the treafurer of the faid royal hofpital, or his deputy, who lhall caufe fuch bill to be cancelled, and from and after the cancelling’of the fame fuch prize and bounty-money lhall remain payable in like manner as if the faid bill had not been made out; all which faid bills and receipts to be fo made and given as aforefaid, and alfo all other receipts for prize and bounty-money, which lhall be at any time paid and refunded by the faid treafurer of the faid royal hofpital or his deputy, to any perfon or perfons whomfoever, lhall be free and exempt from and not liable to any duty of ftamps whatfoever; any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof notwithilanding.
    XCVIII. And be it further enaCted, That all fuch remittance bills which lhall be drawn upon and paid by the receiver-general of the land-tax for any county, riding, or city, collector of the cuftoms for any port or collector of excife for any collection in the United kingdom, upon being produced and delivered at the office of the tceafurer of the faid royal hofpital, (hall be immediately repaid by fuch treafurer or his deputy to fuch receiver-general of the land-tax, collector of the cuftoms, or collector of excife, or to their refpeClive orders.
    XC1X. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted, That if any fuch receiver-general, collector of the cuftoms, or collector of the excife, to whom the duplicate of any of the bills herein-before direCted to be made out fhall be tendered for payment, (hall not then have in his hands publick money fufficient to anfwer the fame, ami fhall therefore refufe or delay
                                                                                                                      the
Go gle
72. 1085
Treafurer to repay to the receiver-general, &cc. any bills drawn on him.
In cafe receiver-general, &c. have not money in his hand to anfwer fuch
 io86 Annoregni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 72. [1805. bills, he the immediate payment thereof, fuch receiver-general, collector thereon*?he  l^e cu^oms> or collector of the excife, mall immediately
 day of ten- indorfe on the back of the faid duplicate the day of its being dcr, and ap- fo tendered to him, and the caufe of his refufal or delay to pay point a day of the fame, and (hall appoint thereon for the payment of fuch hill fome future day, within the fpace of two months at the months,'&c. fartheft from the day of its having been firft ten'dered to him as aforefaid, which duplicate, with the indorfement thereon, lhall be immediately delivered back to the perfon prefenting the fame; and if upon complaint made to the refpeCtive com* miflioners appointed by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, to manage the faid feveral duties of the land-tax, cuftoms, or excife, it (hall appear that fuch receiver-general, collector of cuftoms, or collector of excife, hath unneceffarily and wilfully refufed or delayed the payment of fuch bill, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the faid commiflioners to conviCt and fine any fuch offender, under their refpeCtive direction, in any fum not exceeding fifty pounds, according to the nature or degree of the offence, which conviction (hall be made by the faid refpeCtive commiflioners; and fuch fine (hall be levied and recovered in fuch and the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as any conviction may be made, and any penalty may be levied or recovered for any offence again ft any law by which any cuftoms or excife is impofed or laid; and the faid fine, when levied, fhall be paid to the informer or informers againft fuch offender.*
 Penalty on C. And be it further enaCted, That no perfon paying any fofforre-4"^ ^are or balance of prize-money remitted from Greenwich hod mitting or pita], fhall receive any fee, gratuity, or reward, from or on account paying any of any payment thereof, or of any aCt, matter, or thing done remoney. lating to the procuring or paying the fame to any claimant, or any perfon on his behalf, under any pretence whatever, on pain of forfeiting, for every fuch offence, one hundred pounds.
 Official letters Cl. And be it further enaCted, That all letters or packets ad-to be free of drefled to the faid treafurer of the faid royal hofpital for the time poltage. being, upon any bufinefs or affairs relative to fuch prize-matters, fhall, from and after the palling of this aCt be free from the duty of poftage, and alfo that all letters or packets fent by the faid treafurer or by tfie fecretary of the faid royal hofpital for the time being, or by the officer for prize-matters in the navy-pay office, upon any bufinefs relating to fuch prize matters in manner and form hereinafter direded, fnall be fent free from the faid duty of poftage; and all letters and packets relating to prize matters in the navy pay-office that fhall be forwarded by the faid treafurer or fecretary, or by fuch officer for prize matters in the navy pay-office as afgrefaid fhall be under cover, with the words “ Purfugnt to aCt of parliament, forty-fifth   George the third, "printed upon the fame; and the
            faid treafurer or fecretary of the faid royal hofpital, or officer for prize matters in the navy pay-office, as the cafe may be, fhall write his name under the fame; and they and each of them are and is hereby ftriCtly prohibited from incloftng or fending under
                                                                                                           fuch
  Gcx gle
                                                            /
     1S05] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72.              1087
     fuch covers any writing, paper, or parcel whatfoever, excepting fuch as relate to the bufinefs or affairs of the (aid royal hofpital, or to fuch prize matters refpe&ively.
      C1I. And be it further enacted. That if any fuch treafurer or Penalty of fecretary, or officer for prize matters as aforefaid, (hall prefume to apers* fend or convey under any of the covers aforefaid, any writing, not official paper, or parcel, other than thofe relating to the bufinefs or under free affairs of the faid royal hofpital, or fuch prize matters as aforefaid, covers, the perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fom of one hundred pounds.
      CIII. And be it further enabled, That all captains and com-pfficer8 to manders of his Majefty’s (hips and vefiels of war, or hired armed ^unt ofcao-fhips, (hall, from time to time, as foon as the fame can be Presto ™ done, tranfmit to the clerk of the checque of the faid hofpital, Greenwich accounts in writing of all prizes taken, with the name of the hofpital. port to which the capture was fent, with the name and place of abode of the agent or agents, whether it is a fingle or joint capture, and if joint, the names of the feveral (hips alleged to be aiding in fuch capture, with the date of the capture, and the place where the fame was made.
      .CIV. And be it further enadted, That the prize-money to Payment to the reprefentatives of petty officers, feamcn, and marines de-J^^f a* ceafed, (hall be paid only to their reprefentatives, or their fearaen. lawful attorney or attornies, upon production of the chccque to be granted by the infpedtors of feamen's wills.
      CV. And be it further enadted, That all expences incurred Expences of in executing this adt, and the fums paid in remunerating the adtand're-officers of the navy-office, navy pay-office, or of Greenwich numerating hofpital for their care, pains, and trouble in executing the re-officers to be gulations thereof, (hall be fubjedt to the diferetion of the com- Pajd by di-miffioners of the navy, as far as the fame relate to officers °f Greenwich or perfons employed in the navy-office, or otherwife under hofpital out the orders of fuch icommiffioners, to the treafurer of the navy, of intereft or as far as the fame relate to officers of or perfons employed in principal of the navy pay-office, and of the commiffioners and governors of JJ^^raed the faid hofpital, as to all officers and perfons employed or belonging to Greenwich hofpital, and (hall be paid by them out of the intereft of unclaimed (hares, and (hares of run men, inverted in government fecurities, or if neceflary, out of the principal fums in the hands of the treafurer of the faid hofpital on account of fuch (hares of run men, the accounts of fuch remunerations and expenditures being annually returned to parliament; and the treafurer of the navy (hall quarterly caufe an account-to be fent of the amount of fuch expences to the treafurer of Greenwich hofpital, who (hall immediately caufe the fame to be paid to the order of the treafurer of the navy.
        CVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and ena£ted, No fees to be That, from and after the paffing of this a£l, all fees heretofore fracin^the paid by the faid royal hofpital at the navy-office, for tracing the f€rvjccs Qf fer vices of perfons claiming (hares of prize or bounty-money, perfons claim-lhall ceafe, and be no longer due or payable.                inS P™*'
                                                       CVII. Andmoncy-
      .
 No perfon crrployed by Greenwich hofpital ftnll atf as agent for prizes.
 Court of Admiralty may compel production of books, or
 Perfons re-1
 taining proceeds of prizes '
    1088 Arno regniquadragefimoquintoGEORCii III. c. 72. [1805.
    CVII. And be it further enadted, That no perfon employed by Greenwich hofpital, in executing' the regulations of this adt (hall adl as .an agent for prizes, or be concerned directly or indirectly in the bufinefs thereof, under the penalty of five hundred pounds.
    CVJII. And be it further enadled, That on the application of any party interefted in the proceeds of any prize, or of anv perfon on behalf of the treasurer of the navy or Greenwich hofpital, and an affidavit of any fuch party, or any other perfon, bringing in of of his or her belief that there are proceeds of any prize, or proceeds on papers or books relating thereto, in the pofTeflion of any agent affidavit, and or perfon or perfons, whether the faid prize or prizes fhall have if pany fum- been ta^en *n the prefent or in any preceding war, it (ball be ironed on lawful for the judge of the high court of Admiralty, to compel improper the produdlion of the fame, and the bringing in of fuch progrounds. ceeds, and the anfwering to fuch interrogatories touching the fame, as the court fhall approve; and if it (hall appear that the party hath been cited without fufficient caufe, he fhall be allowed his colls againft the party making fuch affidavit, or at whofe infiance he hath been unduly fummoned.
CIX. And be it further enadled, That any captor, agent, or other perfon, who fhall acquire or retain the proceeds of any topayTntereft* Pr‘ze contrary to the provifions of this adt, except for reafonable caufe, to be allowed by the court in which fuch prize fhall he adjudged, or by the high court of Admiralty, fhall pay intereft thereon at the rate of one pound per centum per month, for fuch time as the fame fhall fo be in their cuftody or poflelfion, befides all other penalties impofed by this adt.
    Punifhing CX. And be it further enadled. That if any perfon or perfons perfons guilty fhall falfely make oath to any of the matters herein-before re-forgeryU.ry °F quired to be verified on oath, or fuborn any other perfon fo to do, fuch perfon or perfons fhall fuffer the like pains and penalties as are incurred by perfons committing wilful ®nd corrupt perjury ; and that if any perfon or perfons fhall counterfeit, erafe, alter, or falfify any commiffion for war or letter of marque, or any warrant for making out the fame, or any certificate required or diredled by this adt to be given for obtaining the fame, or fhall publifh or make ufe of any fuch commiffion for war, or warrant for making out the fame, or any certificate as aforefaid, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, erafed, altered, or falfified, fuch perfon or perfons fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds.
    Penalty for CXI. And be it further enadled, That all and every perfon not delivering an(j perfons hereby diredled to tranfmit or deliver all or any of accounts.       accounts before mentioned,  who fhall negledl or refufe to
                                              — 1            O
                tranfmit or deliver all or any fuch account, or accounts to the treafurer of the faid hofpital, or his faid deputy or agent, within the time before limited and appointed, in manner and form as herein-before mentioned, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and fhall pay the expence of any
                                                                                                          application
 I

  
I
  1805.] Annoregniquadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. c. 72.                1089
  application to any court to compel the production and delivery of the fame.                                          ,
     CXU.       And be it further enabled,' That if any fraud, collufion, Penalty for or deceit (hall be wittingly or willingly made, ufed, committed, frauds in perihittcd, or done or fuffered in making, dating, or balancing countsS<>
  Inch accounts; then every perfon or perfons who (hall be thereof
  duly convidedj and his and their aiders and abettors, (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of five hundred pounds.
     CXI1I. And be it further enafted, That all unclaimed (hares Uncbimed of foldiers ferving in any conjun£fc expedition with his Majefty’s (hares of fol-naval forces, as defcribed in this a<ft, (hall be paid to the treafurer of Ofelfea hbfpitai, for the life of the faid hofpital, within fix treafurer of months after diftribution commenced ; fubjecf neve: chelefs to be Chelfea hof-refunded to any individual entitled to the fame, and eftablilhing pital, his claim thereto, within fix years from fuch payment to the faid treafurer; and that ii (hall be lawful for the faid treafurer to compel the agents for the army, to exhibit and verify their accounts, and -pay over fuch balances, in like manner as the treafurer of Greenwith'hofpitsfI is herein empowered to compel the producing and verifying of accounts and payment of unclaimed (hares from *, the naval prize-agents j and the high court of Admiralty (hall exercife the fame powers arid authorities for difeovering and compelling the payment of all (hares of foldiers fo remaining unpaid,' in this or any former war, in like manner 4S the faidjCOilrt is enabled td do by this or any other act, refpeCting the uncl^lrfied (hares of mariners ferving in his Majefty’s (hips of war.
     CXIV. And, for the more fpeedy bringing of offenders to , Seflions to be and to prevent the inconveniences occa/toned by the want of frequently held for the
 V , •           fences com-
 after the palling mitted on the
 gaol delivery, for high fca*.
 the trial of offences cbtVvmitied on the high fcas within the jurif-
  di&ion of t(i6 admiralty of England,(hall be held twice at the leaft
 ' in evfery year at Juftice-Hall in the Old , London (except at
  fuch timeS as the feffions of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery
  for the city of London atid county of M (hail be appointed
  to'be there held), or ift fuch other place'Within that part of Great
  Britain called England, and at fuch times in each year, as the lord
  high-admiral   BfGreat Britain or thecomi'niffibnCrs for executing
 ■ the office of lord high'-admiral of Great       , for the time
  being, or ahy three or mord'of them, (hall by aqy letter or p'rtier
  in writing under th’eir hands, dirc<fted to the judge of the high
  court of admiralty of England, for the time being, appoint.
     CXV.    And be it furrfocr enafted, That,, from and after the iuflic
            fhir ~jCL    II            1_r..1      Kuti  ^ J      __11 .
                                                               V* lIT “ (71 f
  offences committed within the jurifdi<S\ion 6f the admiralty’ofukeinforma-. England, but alfo to and for any one or more of the juftices of the tion of of.
  peace, forthe tlrtife belri£, of any coAVity, riding, dmfioh, or place fences, withm that part of Great            'Brfntfh ‘Arfd'thtfy'are
 ^*VjVol. XLV.                4  A                      hereby
           -                                            vyorkpubS
 1090 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. [1805. ,
             hereby refpeftively authorifed and empowered, from time to time, to take any information or informations of any witnefs or wit-nefles in writing, upon oath, touching any murder, piracy, felony, or robbery done or committed, or charged to have been done or committed in or upon the fea, or in any haven, river, creek, or place where the admiral or admirals hath or have '          power, authority, otjurifdi&ion ; and thereupon (if fuch com*
             iniflioner or commiflioners, or juftice or juftices of the peace refpe&ively, (hall fee caure), by any warrant or warrants under his or their hand and feal or hands and feals, to caufe the perfon ' or perfons accufed in fuch information or informations to be ap* prehended and committed to the gaol of the county or place wherein the fame information or informations (hall be taken, there to remain until difcharged by due courfe of law.
 Perfons ne* CXVI. And it is hereby further enadled. That fuch of the ' ceflary to give commiflioners or juftices of the peace, who {hall caufe any fuch J enteHnto*0 Per^on or perfons to be committed as is laft mentioned, fhall, 1 recognizance an^ or th*y *s or are herehy refpeflively required, at the fame to appear at time to oblige all and every fuch other perfon or perfons to whom thefcflions. fuch commiflioncr or commiflioners, or a juftice or juftices of the peace, (hall judge neceflary, to profecute and give evidence againft the perfon or perfons who (hall be fo committed as afore-faid, to enter into one or more recognizance or recognizances to his Majefty in a fuflficient penalty for his, her, or their appearing / at the then next feflion of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery to be held for the jurifditftion of the admiralty of England, there to profecute and give evidence againft the perfon or perfons who {ball be committed as aforefaid ; and if any perfon (hall refufe to enter into fuch recognizance to profecute or give evidence as (hall be required, he, (he, or they fo refuting, (ball be committed by any fuch commiflioner or commiflioners, juftice or juftices, to the gaol of the county or place in which the perfon fo refuting (hall be, until the next feflions of admiralty (hall be held, or fuch perfons (hall enter into fuch recognizance as (hall be required as aforefaid, which recognizance or recognizances, together with the information or informations taken touching the offence or , offences wherewith the perfon or perfons to be committed as aforefaid (hall be charged, the faid commiflioner or commiflioners, or juftice or juftices of the peace before whom the fame (hall be taken, (hall, and they are hereby refpe&ively required to tranfmit, with all convenient (peed, to the regifter, for the time being, of the high court of admiralty of                  , to be by him forthwith
             laid before the judge, for the time being, of the fame court, and : afterwards to be kept among the records of that court.
 Marlhalofthe CXVII. And be it further enadted, That the mar(hal of the Admiralty#&c. Admiralty for the time being, and his deputy or deputies, and all . warrantilf"1 (heriffs, bailiffs, ftewards, conftables, headboroughs, tythingmen, keepers of gaols and prifons, and all other ofEcers whatfoever for keeping of the peace, (as well within liberties as without), (hall, and they and every of them are hereby refpedlively authorifed and required, from time to time, diligently to execute, perform, and
                                                                                                               obey
                                                ✓
Go gle
f
 *
 t
 t
 )
 f
 *
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Guonoti III. c. 72. 1091
 obey all fuch precept and precepts, warrant and warrants, and other order and orders, as (hall at any time or times hereafter be made, direded, iffued, or given to them or any of them reflectively, by one or more of the faid commiflioners named in the commiflion of oyer and terminer, or juftices of the peace, by virtue or in purfuance of this ad, touching any of the matters or things herein contained.
   CXVIII. And be it further enaded, That where the offence OfFeneescom-of talcing a falfe oath, or fuborning any perfon fotodo, anyof the >nittcd our of offences by this ad made cognizable in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Great Britain fhall be committed out of this be committed realm, the fame may be alleged to be committed, and may-be in any coun y laid, inquired of, tried, and determined in any county in           , in England,
 in the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been adually done or committed within the body of fuch county.
   CXIX. And be it further enaded, That all penalties and for- Recovery of feitures impofcd by this ad, wherefoever the fame fhall arife or penalties, become forfeited, may be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Great        Britain, or monition and attachment thereon, in his Ma-
 jefty’s high court of admiralty, unlefs in cafes where any other/ mode is by this ad particularly direded ; and all penalties and forfeitures impofed by this ad, which (hall arife or become forfeited in any part of his Majefty’s dominions abroad, may be recovered in any court of record of his Majefty in the colony, territory, or place where the fame fhall arife or have become forfeited, or in any of his Majefty’s vice-admiralty courts having jurifdidion there.
   CXX. And be it further enaded. That in all cafes in which Application any agent or perfon is by this ad made fubjed to the forfeiture of any fum of money equal to any money remaining in his hands, fJituresl or to the amount of any balances or (hares, fuch fum or fums of money fhall, on recovery thereof, go and be applied to the ufe of the perfon or perfons who fhall have been aggrieved by the mif-condud of fuch agent or perfon, and all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures by this ad impofed, other than as aforefaid, other than fuch as are by this ad direded to be otherwife applied and dif-pofed of, fhall go and be applied to the ufe of the Royal Hofpital for feamen at Greenwich, and fhall be fued for in the name of the commiflioners and governors thereof.
   CXXI. And whereas by a certain aft of parliamade and P uniting pct> pajjed in the thirty'firJl year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, intituled. An ad for the encouragement of * feamen employed in the royal navy; and foreft.ablifhing a regular method for the puftdual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages i and for enabling them more eafily and readily to remit the fame for the fupport of their wives and families, and preventing frauds and abufes attending fuch payments, after reciting that divers wicked practices had been carried on, by              and
 falfely affuming the names and char after sof officers, , and others
                          4 A 2                              entitled
    
1092 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72. [1805.
             ' entitled or fuppofed to be entitled to wages, pay, or other allowances of money, or prize-money, for ferving on board of /hips or vejfels of the royal navy,and by forging and counterfeiting letters of attorney, bills, tickets, affigr.ments, laft wills, and other authorities and powers, from fuch officers and                             feamen, and by falfely taking out probate of wills and
   v         letters  of                    adminijlration to fuch and ; it is enabled,
              that, from and after the firjl day of November, which was in tits .           year of our Lord one                         thoujandfhundred and whofoevtr
              willingly and knowingly fhould perfonate, or falfely afjume the name or eharabler of, or procure any other      to perfonate or falfely to
              fume the name or character of any officer,          or other      perfon,
              entitled or fuppofed to be entitled to any wages, pay, or other allowances of money, or prize-money, for            f done on board of any or vejfel
              of his Majejly, his heirs or fucceffors, or the executor or adminijlrator, wife, relation, or creditor of any fuch officer or feaman, or other perfon, in order to receive any wages, pay, or other allowances of money, or • prize-money, due or Juppofcd t be due or payable for or on account of the fervices of any fuch officer or feaman, or other perfon as aforefuid; or Jkouldforge or counterfeit or procure to be forged or counterfeited any letter of attorney, bill, ticket, certificate, affignment, lafl will, or 1 any other power or authority whatfoever, in order to receive any fucb wages, pay, or other allowances of money or prize-money, due or pefed to be due to any fuch officer or feaman, or other perfon as faid, or fhould willingly and knowingly take a falfe oath, or procure any other perfon to take a falfe oath, to obtain the probate of any wilt or wills, or to obtain letters of adminijlration, in order to receive the 1 payment of any wages, pay, or other allowances of money or -money, due, or that were fuppofed to be due to any Juch or other perfon as aforefaid, who had really ferved or had been fuppofed ' to have ferved on board of any or vejfel of his          his  heirs or
   • *                    fucceffors, every fuch perfon fo offending, being lawfully of any
              fuch offence or offences, fhould be deemed guilty of felony, and fhould fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy: and whereas by a certain all of parliament, made and paffed in the ninth year of the reign ofhisprejent Majejly, intituled, An aft for repealing fo much of an aft, parted in the tenth year of her late majefty Queen rlnnt, * as relates to the harbour-moorings of the royal navy, and for the more effeftual prefervaiion of fuch harbour-moorings; and punidiment of perfons guilty of dealing or embezzling his Ma-jerty’s naval dores; or of forgery or perjury, in relation to fea-men’s wages, it is (among other things) enabled, that if any perfon -            Jhould,  from  and after the twenty fourth day a/'June, which was in
*             the year  of our Lord one thoufandJevtn hundred and fixty-nine, tetter
              orpublijh as true, any falfe, forged, or counterfeited letter of        ,
              bill, ticket, certificate, or affignment, lafi will, or any other power or authority whatfoever, in order to receive, any wages, pay, or other allowances of money, or prize-money, due or fuppofed to be due to any officer or feaman, or other perfon who fhould have really ferved or Jhould have been fuppofed to have ferved, or fhould thereafter ferve or J be fuppofed to have ferved, on board of any Jhip or vejfel of his Majejly, his heirs or fucceffors, with intent to defraud any perfon, knowing the
                                                                                                                            fame
3
 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. c. 7*. 1093
 fame to be falfe, forged, or counterfeited, every fucb perfon being thereof
 lawfully convitted Jbould be deemed guilty of    and Jhould
  death as a felon,                without benefit of clergy:and whereas doubts have
 prifen whether the puni/bment infixed by the faid two                  afis
 of parliament, on perfons guilty of the feveral offences therein men-
 tioned, extends to fucb offences when committed with an intention to defraud any corporation; be it therefore ena&ed, That, from and after the parting of this act, whofoever willingly and knowingly fhall perfonatc or falfely aflurne the name or chara&er of, or procure any other to perfonate or falfely to aflume the name or character of any officer, feaman, or other perfon entitled or fup-pofed to be entitled to any wages, pay, or other allowances of money, or prize-money, for fervice done on board of any (hip or veffel of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or the executor or -adminiftrator, wife, relation, or creditor, of any fuch officer or feaman or other perfon, in order to receive any wages, pay, or other allowances of money, or prize-money, due or fuppofed to be due or payable for or on account of the fervices of any fuch officer or feaman, or other perfon as aforefaid, or fhall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any letter of attorney, bill, ticket, certificate, aifignment, laft will, or any other power or authority whatfoever, in order to receive any fuch wages, pay, or other allowances of money, or prize-money, which fhall be due or be fuppofed to be due to any fuch officer qr feaman, or other perfon as aforefaid, or fhall willingly and knowingly take a falfe oath, or procure any other perfon to take a falfe oath to obtain the probate of any will or wills, or to obtain letters of adminiftration, in order to receive the payment of any wages, pay, or other allowances of money, or prize-money, which fhall be due or be fuppofed to be due to any fuch officer, feaman, or other perfon as aforefaid, who fhall have really ferved, or fhall be fuppofed to have ferved on board of any fhip or vcflel of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors; or if any perfon fhall, from and after the parting of this a£l, utter or publifh as true any falfe, forged, or counterfeited letter of attorney, bill, ticket, certificate, or adignment, laft will, or any other power or authority what- • foever, in order to receive any wages, pay, or other allowances of money, or prize-money, due or fuppofed to be due to any officer or feaman, or other perfon, who fhall have really ferved or fhall be fuppofed to have ferved, or fhall hereafter ferve or be fuppofed to have ferved on board of any fhip or veflel of his Ma-jelty, his heirs or fucceflors, with intent to defraud any corporation whatfoever, knowing the fame to be falfe, forged, or counterfeited, every fuch perfon being thereof lawfully convi&ed, fhall be deemed guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.
    CXXII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no Limitation of a&ion fhall be brought againft any perfon or perfons whomfoever, aftion. for any matter or thing whatfoever done or committed under or by virtue or in the execution of this a<ft, unlefs fuch a<5lion fhall be brought within three years next after doing or committing of
fuch
                                                             
Digitize
1094 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III', c. 73. [1805.
           fuch matter or thing, fave as to matters or things arifing out of captures in any former war: provided alfo, that if any action or fuit fhall be hereafter commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons for any matter or thing done under, by virtue, or in the execution of this aft, fuch perfon or perfons may plead the general iflue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if s the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or fuffer difeon-tinuance, or forbear further profecution, or if judgement fhall be given for the defendant or defendants, fuch defendant or defendants (hall recover treble cofts, for which he, (he, or they, fhall have the like remedy as where cofts by law are given to defendants.
*-®n!™uance CXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That this aft fhall continue in force during the prefenr war, and no longer, fave and except as to all fuch matters and things as fhall be depending in judgement in the high court of Admiralty, or other courts of admiralty in his Majefty’s dominions abroad, or court of appeal, or in any court of record in Great         , at the
           time when the prefent war fhall ceafe; and alfo fave and except as to / all fuch other matters and things which fhall be brought into judgement before the faid high court of Admiralty, or other courts of admiralty in his Majefty’s dominions abroad, or court of appeal, or in any court of record in Great , in confequence of any
           capture or captures made during the prefent or any former war, or of any offence or offences committed contrary to this aft ; and alfo fave and except as to the power by this aft given to his Majefty, to grant to any judge of any court of vice-admiralty any fuch annuity as aforefaid, and in fuch cafes, and on fuch conditions as aforefaid, in refpeft whereof this aft fhall continue in full force until fuch matters, and every thing dependant thereupon, fhall be finally adjudged and determined ; and alfo fave and except the regulations contained in this aft regarding letters of attorney and orders of petty officers and Teamen, non-commit fioned officers of marines, and marines ; and alfo fave and except as to the claufes and provifions herein contained, by which the punifhment attached to the crimes of perfonating Teamen, and of forgery when committed with intent to defraud any perfon or perfons, is extended and made applicable to fuch offences when committed with intent to defraud any corporation or corpora- -! tions; and alfo fave and except all regulations regarding all powers and interefts given to the treafurer of the navy, and the Commiffioners and governors and other officers of Greenwich • - hofpital, all which mail continue in force until repealed by any fubfequent aft of parliament.                        >
                              CAP. LXXIII.                           ]
           An ail to enable the commiffioners of the Treafury, to contrail with certain proprietors offlock created by two ails, faffed in the -feventh and forty-fecond yean of his prefent , for granting J other annuities in lieu thereof or to pay the fame off at the period herein mentioned.—[June 27, 1805.]
                                                                                           WHEREAS )
                                                                                                       _ JL
»' GO gle                                   ' NEW YORK  Put '       .1
 f
 il
 I
 ;
 M
 i[
  k
  ft
  i
  if
  %
  If
  I
  I
 t
 9
 tit
 E
 3
 A
 A
 .1
 !|
 \
f
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 73. 1095
 WHEREAS an aft* pajfed in the thirty-fev of the reign of bis prefent                            Majejly, intituledAn aft for railing the
 fum of eighteen millions by way of annuities: and whereas an      aft, pajfed in the forty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent .
  Majejly, intituled, An aft for granting annuities to fatisfy certain 4* G* 3,c> *' exchequer bills, whereby eertain annuities         at and after
 the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and were made part of the capital or joint flock of annuities created by the aft: and whereas it was by the faid firjl-recited aft     thaty
 after two years from the end of the then p war and ratification of the definitive treaty of peace thereupon, at any period offix monthty
 ending on the fifth day of April or the tenth day of Oftober in any year, it jhould and might be lawfulfor any contributory h'tSy hery or their executors or adminiflratorSy fucceffors or ajftgnsy to make application to the governor and company of the bank a/" England to have the faid -
 tieSy after the rate of five pounds per centum -thegrantedy redeemed or paid offy or converted into other annuitiesy as    is
  tioned, at his, her, or their eleftion; and that after fix months previous
 notice offuch his, hery or their intention, the faid annuities Jhould be redeemed and paid offy or converted into fuch annuities accordingly : and whereas the commons of Great Britain in parliament ajfemhled did, on the eighth day of December, one thoufandfeven hundred and ninety fix, refolve that the fum of eighteen millions be raifed by annuities and did alfo refolve■ that every contributor to the faid fum of eighteen millions Jhould, for every one hundred pounds contributed and ,be entitled to the principal fum of one hundred and twelve pounds ten Jhillings in annuities after the Vote of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of Oftober, one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, and to be irredeemable, unlefs with the confent of the proprietors thereof, until the expiration of three years from the period at which the exifling annuities, after the rate of Jive pounds per centum per anrfum, Jhould be redeemed and paid off, or the interejl payable thereon reduced', that every proprietor of the faid annuities Jhould, at his defire, on three months, notice, be entitled at any period of time,not lefs than two years after the end of the then prefent war and ratification of the dfinitive treaty of peace thereupon, to have the faid annuities redeemed, either by the payment of one hundred pounds for every otie hundred pounds of fuch annuities, or of one hundred and thirty-three pounds fix Jhillings and eight-pence capital in the three pounds per centum confohdated , at the Option of fucb proprietor : and whereas an aft pajfed in the lajl fijfion of par* liament, intituled. An acbfor granting additional annuities to the proprietors of ftock created by two afts, paffed in the thirty-feventh and forty-fecond years of his prefent Majefty: and whereas certain of the proprietors of flock, created by thefaid two firft-recited have,
  in purfuance of the provifions of theJaid lafi-recited taken annui-
                                                        ties granted by the faid aft for fuch flock : and whereas an aft pajfed in the prefent fejfion of parliament, intituled. An aft for amending an aft, pafied in the laft feflion of parliament, for granting ad. ditional annuities to the proprietors of ftock created by two afts,
                                                                                                         of his prefent
 palfed in the thirty-feventh and forty-fecond years
 Majefty;
Go gle
                                            1096 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georg n III. c. 73. [1805.
                  Majefty : and whereas certain other proprietors of Jlock created by the faid two                   firfl-recited a£is, have, in pursuance of the a£iy
                  taken annuities granted by the faid ad for fuch flock: and whereas certain of the other proprietors of fuch fi^ck, to the amount of one million two hundred fifty-four thoufmd fix hundred ninety-fix pounds fourteen fillings and nine-pence, on or before the fifth day of April, one thoufand eight hundred and five, fignfy to the governor end company of the bank of England their election to have the fame paid off in money on the tenth day of Odlober next: and whereas it is expedient that provifion fhtmld be made for redeeming and paying off the faid annuities by converting the fame into other annuities at the option of fuch proprietors on certain terms : may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lofds fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-Perfonspof- liament affcmblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That all feffed of flock perfons and bodies politick and corporate, poflefled of any m the 5 per capital ftock in the annuities after the rate of live pounds tiesgranted'by            Per    centum          Per annum, granted by the faid recited acis of the
      the recited thirty-feventh and forty-fecond years aforefaid, who did, on a<fts on figni- or before the fifth day of April, one thoufand eight hundred and Bank before ^ve’ fignifyto the governor and company of the bank of September 16, t^e'r eledlion to have the fame paid off in money on the tenth 1805, their de-day of Ofiober next; and who (hall, by themfelves or any agents fire of taking duly authorifed, further fignify to the faid governor and company °fi *he bank °f England, on or before the fixteenth day of be entitled to September,one thoufand  eight hundred and five, their defire to
take the benefit of the terms contained in this atft, fhall from and after the tenth day of Octoberone thoufand eight hundred and five, be entitled to receive, for every one hundred pounds of fuch capital ftock, and in lieu thereof, fo much capital ftock either in the confolidated annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, created by an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty, and feveral (ubfequent a£l$, receiving thereon one half year’s dividend, on the fifth day of January, one thoufand eight hundred and fix, or fo much capital ftock in reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as fhall be equal in value to one hundred pounds ftcrling, together with fuch further fum in the faid laft-menticncd capital ftock as fhall be equal in value to ten fhillings fterling on every one hundred pounds of fuch capital ftock in reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, the intereft whereon to commence from the tenth day of Oliober, one thoufand eight hundred and five ; or to have any proportion thereof in fuch annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, or of three pounds per centum per annum refpeflively, as fhall be fpecified by any fuch perfons or bodies politick or corporate re-fpedlively, at the time of fignifying fuch defire to take the benefit of the terms of this a& as aforefaid ; the value of fuch feveral annuities to be computed and taken on the average price olluch annuities refpe&ively, on the Jaft ten days previous to the thirty-
                                                                                                                       firft*
 certain annuities as herein men tioned.
Digitized by (jO ^lC
  1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quiuto Georgii III. c. 73. 1097
  firft day of Augujl, one thoufand eight hundred and five, on
  which any transfer (hall have been made in the (aid lafl-men-
  tioned capital flocks at the bank of England, after making a de- . .
  d uHion of the amount of the dividend due or accruing thereon ;
  fuch average as aforefaid to he fettled and declared by the
  governor and deputy-governor of the bank of England.
    II.    And be it further enalled, That in cafe any perfons or Butonperfoni bodies, politick or corporate poflefled of any fuch five pounds per declining to centum annuities, and who (hall have fignified fuch election as £akefl aforefaid, (hall not, on or before the faid fixteenth day of - the Treasury’ tember, one thoufand eight hundred and five, by thcmfelves or to mifemoney any agents duly authorised, further fignify to the governor and to pay off the company of the bank of England, their defire to take the benefit oftober^o" of the terms contained in this all, it fhall be lawful for the lords- l8o.#. °P commiflioners of his Majefly’s trcafury, or any three or more
  of them, to contrail and agree with any perfon or perfons, or bodies politick or corporate, to contribute fuch fums as (hall be neceflary to pay the fame off on the tenth day of       ,      one
  thoufand eight hundred and five, and to give for every one hundred pounds in money to be paid by fuch perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, on or before the day or days to be fpecified in the contrail or agreement to be made as aforefaid at the bank of England, fuch amount of capital flock, either in annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per , or       of
  three pounds per centum per annum, or any proportion of either of fuch annuities, upon fuch and the like terms and conditions, and with fuch benefits as are by this alt given to any perfons entitled to take the benefit of this aft as aforefaid.
    III.   And be it further enalled, That all the annuities, after The$ per the rate of five pounds per centum, to which any perfons or bodies c.ent annjii-politick or corporate mav become entitled under this alt, in anJerth'is adl lieu of any former annuities, fhall be deemed, reputed, and (hall be added taken to be one capital or joint flock, and fhall be added to and to the joint made part of the joint flock of annuities with, and (hall be redeem- ftock °* 5 Per
       I        j                       9      * *      %  Cents
  able at the fame time and in like manner as the annuities cairying an intereft after the rate of five pounds per centum per     efta-
  blifhed by an all, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and feveral fubfequent alls ; and that all perfons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to lire money to which they fhall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this all, fhall have or be deemed to have a proportional intereft and (hare in ihe faid flock of annuities at the rate aforefaid.
    IV.  And be it further enalled, That all the annuities, after The 3 p*r
  the rate of three pounds per centum per    , to which any
  perfons or bodies politick or corporate may become entitled by grantt(j mall virtue of this all, fhall be added to the joint flock of annuities be added to transferable at the bank of England, which, by an all, made in the the joint flock
  twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majefly, were reduced ^ jucedCcDtS* from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds per '* centum per annum^wA fhall be deemed part of the faid joint flock of annuities, fubjecl nevcrthelefs to redemption by parliament,
                     .                                            in
    
      1098 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 73. [1805.
                   in fuch manner and upon fuch notice as in the feveral a<5ls by which the faid annuities, after the rate of four pounds centum per annum were refpe&ively granted, are directed in refpedt of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof; and that ali perfons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the annuities to which they fhall become eniitled as aforefaid by virtue of this a<ft, (hall have and ’-w deemed to have a proportional imereft and (hare in the faid joint (lock of annuities at the rate aforefaid.
      Times of        V.  And be it further ena&ed, That all fuch annuities (hall be
      payment of payable half-yearly at the bank of            , at the mod ufual
      annu.ties. dayS p3ymenl j„ the year for fuch refpe<Tive annuities ; that is to fay, the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of^«/y in every year, for and in refpe.lt of the faid feveral annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum ; and the fifth day of A'pril, and the tenth day of                       in  every year, for  and in
                   refpedt of the faid feveral annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum ; the firft payment on the faid feveral annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum to be due on the fifth day of ’Januar, one thoufand eight hundred and fix, and on the faid reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum on the fifth day of Aprils one thoufand eight hundred and fix; and that all perfons and corporations entitled •       to any  fuch annuity or annuities aforefaid,- and his, her, and
                   their adminiftrators, fuccefTors, and affigns refpe&ively, and all perfons and corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, (hall have good, fure, abfolute, and indefeafible eflates and interefts in the faid refpe&ive annuities, according to the^ true tenor and meaning of this a<5t, until the redemption or expiration thereof in the manner herein directed.
      Annuities VI. And be it further enabled, That all the faid annuities the «Jn(bh-°^a^ c^ar6c<^ ant* chargeable upon and payable out of the dated fund! confolidated fund of Great          after paying, or reserving fuf-
                   ficient to pay, all fuch fums of money as. have been diredled by any former adl or arts of parliament to be paid out of the fame; and that the faid feveral annuities of five pounds per centum per annum and of three pounds per centum per annum refpedlively* (hall be fubjecl to redemption by parliament in manner mentioned * in this a£l.
                      VII. And, for the more eafy and fure payment of the annuities cjlablijhcd by this ait, it is hereby enacted. That the faid governor and company of the bank of           , and  their fuccefiors, (hall,
                   from time to time, appoint and employ one or more fufficient perfon or perfons within their office in the city of         , to
                   be their chief or firft caffiier or caftiiers, and one other perfon or perfons within the fame office to be their accountant-general ; and that fo much of the monies from time to time being in the receipt of the exchequer of the faid confolidated fund, by this a<ft made applicable for the purpofes as fhall be fufficient to anfwer the faid annuities, (hall, by the order of the com-miffioners of theTreafury, or any three or more of them, or the high-treafuicr for the time being, without any further or other
                                                                                                                     warrant
Bank to appoint a cafhier and accountant.
Digitized by (jG glC
      i$o5.] Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii 111. c. 73. 1099
      warrant to be (tied for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpe&ive days of payment in this adl appointed, be iflued and paid at the faid receipt of the Exchequer, to the firft or chief calhier or calhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors for the time being, by way of impreft, and upon account for the payment of the faid annuities ; and that fuch cafhier or cafhiers, 10 whom the faid monies (hall, fVom time to time be iflued, (hall from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due courfe of the Exchequer.
         VIII. And it is hereby alfo enabled, That the faid accountant- Accountant-
      general for the time being (hall, from time, to time, infpetft and general to inexamine all receipts and payments of the faid calhier or ca(hiers, ^ptsmVpay-and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, mcnts of the negligence, or delay.                                          cafUier.
         IX.     And be it further enabled. That the faid refpedfive capi- Stocks may be tals or joint flocks, or any (hare or intereft in either of them, transferred, (hall (except fo far as by this a£t is provided) be aflignable and transferable as this aft directs and not otherwife ; and that there
      (hall conftantly be kept in the office of the accountant-general for the time being, within the city of London, a book or books, wherein all aflignments or transfers of the faid refpedlive capitals or joint flocks, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuities attending the fame, at the rates aforefaid, (hall be entered and regiftered; which entries (hall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and (hall be figned by the parties making fuch aflignments or transfers, or if any fuch party or parties beabfent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorifed by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, to be attefled by two or more credible witnefles; and that the perfon or perfons to whom any fuch transfer (hall be made, (hall refpcflively underwrite his or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of afligning or transferring the faid refpedive capitals or joint flocks, and the annuities attending the fame or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, (hall be good and available in law; and that no ftamp-duties whatfoever (hall be charged on the faid transfers, or any of them : provided always, that all perfons poflefled of any (hare or intereft in any of the faid feveral joint flocks of annuities, or any eftate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by will in writing, attefted by two or more credible witnefles; but that no payment (hall be made upon any fuch devife until fo much of the faid will as relates to fuch eftate,
      (hare, or intereft be entered in the refpedtive offices ; and that in default of fuch transfer or devife as aforefaid, fuch (hare, eftate, or intereft, (hall go to the executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns.
         X.     And be it further enabled, That all perfons who (hall be Annuities to entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted, and all perfons bc deemed lawfully claiming under them, (hall be poflefled thereof as of a ^ate!* pcrfonal eftate, which (hall not be defccndiblc to heirs, nor liable
                                                                  to

                                                                                                                                 Original from
                                                                                                                        NEW YORK PUBLIC
Go gle
uoo Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74. [i8o£.
The Bank to continue a corporation for the pur-rofes ot this act.
 Treafury to reward the Bank for their fervice in the execution of this ad.
Perfons fued &c ^may plead toe general ilfue.
                 to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London or otherwise any law, Statute, or cuilom to the contrary notwithstanding.
                   XI.   Provided alfo, and be it further enatf.ed, That the Said
                 governor and company of the bank of             ,and their fuc-
                 cefTors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their own funds, in purfuance of the atfls for eftablifhing the fame, or any of them, (hall continue a corporation fof the purpofes of this a<£f, until all the faid annuities (hall be redeemed as aforefaid ; and the faid governor and company, or any member thereof, (halt not incur any difabiiky for or by reafon of his or their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this a<Sls
                   XII.  Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the
                 commiffioners of theTreafury,or any three or more of them now being, or the high-treafurer, 6r any three or more of the com-mifiioners of the Treafury for the time being, lhall have power, anJ they arc hereby authorised, out of the faid confolidate,d fund* to reward all Such perfons as Shall be any ways employed in the execution of this a£l, for their fervice, pains, and labour '; and alfo to defray fuch incident charges as (hail neceSTarily attend the fame ; and alfo to fettle and appoint fuch allowances as they (hall think proper for the fervice, pains, and labour of the cafhier or caShicis of the faid governor and company of the bank of       ,
                 for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities made payable by this act; and alfo for the fervice, pain£, and trouble of the faid accountant-general of the faid governor and company, for performing the duty and truft incumbent on or repofed in him by this act; all which allowances to be made as aforefaid in refpe£t of the fervice, pains, aqd labour of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, Shall be for the ufc. and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.
                   XIII.    And be it further enadted. That if any perfon or perfons lhall at any time or times be fired, molefted, or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this a£t, or of any matter or thing herein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iSTue, and give thefpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence ; and if a verdict Shall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhali difeontinue his or their adion, or be nonfuited, or judgement (hall be given againft him or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants Shall have treble cods to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.
                                                 CAP. LXXIV.
                            An ad for granting to his Majefty a futn of money to be raifed by lotteries—[June 27, 1805.]
                 Treafury m iy contract with perfons for three lotteries not to exceed in the whole 90,000 tickets, for fuch fims, and fubjed to fuch regulations as (hall he ftipulattd. Cafhier to give Security for the money paid into the Bank for fuch lotteries. Treafury empowered to apply the money paid into the Exchequer by the cafliier. Treafury to retain the money neceffary towards payment of the fortunate tickets, and one third of
                                                             Go*, gle
*
                                                                  Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74.
               the furplus (hall be applied to the fervices of Ireland. 900,000/. (hall be divided into piizesin cafe the number of tickets amount to 90,0009 and paid out of the fuppli€6 granted this ftflion. Managers and direftors of the lotteries (hall be,appointed by theTreafury. Method of the lottery-books^ Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the cafhiers of the Bank* taking, a receipt for the fame* C&fhieta to return the books with the undifpofed tickets, and amount o£ money received and paid in. Undifpoled tickets to be delivered into the Exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up and fattened with thread and filk, ; nd cut oh'indent wife into a box marked with die letter (A); and put into another box, to be locked up and fealed. Books to be prepared for the lotteries with two columns, on each of which tf.e number of tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets to be diftinguifhed. Tickets in the outermoft columns of the laft*mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), See. Notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Fou.tcen days notice to be given of the drawing. Method to be obferved in drawing, Sec. Lifts of the tickets of each day's drawing to be printed. Disputes to be adjufted by the managers. Forging tickets felony. Managers to be fwom. Caihier may receive the fums fubferibed, giving a note for the fame, which (hall entitle the bearer to tickets to the amount of the fums fo paid. Calhier, at the times appointed, to deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the fum actually fubferibed, and (hall give receipts for the relidue. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited forfeit their depofits; and the tickets to be returned to the managers, &c. Treafury may reward the managers as they think fit. The tufti for the payment of the fortunate tickets to be charged on any fupplies granted this fetfiori, and (hall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, within two months after thexonchifion of the .drawing. Managers to give notice of the time for'exchanging tickets .for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, See. Trealury to defray the incidental expences attending die execution of this aft. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution-monies for receipts, Sec. on penalty of 20/. No perlons tp take dawn the numbers of tickets at the time of drawing, unlefs employed as a clerk by the managers, or .licenfed fo to do. Perfons fo licenled to receive from the Stamp-Office numerical books, which (hall be ftamped on every leaf. Commiffiofief*
               ‘of Itamp-duties to grant fuch licences only on account oflicenfed lottcry-OiticcE. Five pounds penalty on unlieenfed perfons taking down or publithing the numbers of tickets drawn, uc. On complaint, the inagiftrates of London may grant warrants for apprehending offenders. .Ptrions in the aftual commiliion of fitch offence may be apprehended by any perfon and carried before a magiftrate, who may commit the offender, if penalty be not paid. Fifty pounds penalty on perfons fummefned as witnefics not appearing, Sec. Commifiioners of ftamp3 in England, and commilfioners appointed ift Ireland, thall grant licences for lottery-offices on payment cf duty. Licence to continue in force until th'? expiration of the drawing of the lotteries. No licence to be granted for any lottery-office within the* univei fities of Oxford and Cambridge. Licenled pcriouR in Gicat Britain (hall depofrt and divide in (hares thirty tickets in each of the three lotteries, or licence (hall be void. Licenled perfons to have the words, « Licenfcd to deal in lottery-ticket6,* on the front of their (hop or forfeit 20/ Perfons keeping an office contrary to licence (hall Forfeit tool. Per Ions to whom licences are granted to give fecurity by bond. Ccmmiffioners of (tamps (hall not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery-tickets, unlefs it (hall appear that the party is able to anfwer the penalty of the bond, and depohted tlijrty tickets, Sec. Executors, &c. may be authorifed to carry on bufinefs for the refidueof the term of licences. Perfons convifted of offences fhall forfeit their licence. Pe/funs counterfeiting licences, or ufing fudi a-arc counterfeit, (hall forfeit 500/ Lottery-offices not to open before ci^ht ex the clock in the morning nor alter eight of the clock in the
                                                                           evening.
          
110*
H02 Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 75* [1805:
                 evening, under penalty of 50/. No chances of any tickets for any left time than the whole time of drawing (hall be fold, or infurance made for or againft the drawing of any ticket; nor (hall any perfon publith any propola) for fuch purpofe on penalty of 50/. No tickets to be divided into any other lhares than halves, quarters, eighths, and (ix-teenths, on penalty of <ol. Perfons counterfeiting (hares guilty of felony. Commiffioners of (lamps (hall eltabli(h an office in London or Wdtminftcr for the depofit of tickets intended to be fold in (hares. Receiver-general of (lamps to give a receipt for the fame which (hall not be transferable. Books (hall be kept by the receiver fer regiftering fuch tickets, which may be infpedled on paying two-pence. Receiver-general (hall be paid two-pence for every (hart into which the ticket depofited (hall be divided. Perfons felling (hares ofherwifc than on (lamped paper, 8cc. (hall forfeit 50/. Tickets fo depofited in Great Britain or lieland for the purpofe of being fold in (hares, (hall continue in poffeffion of the receiver-general for the periods mentioned. Application of the fees received at the (lamp-office in Great Britain. Account (hall be kept in the auditor's office feparate from other monies. Application of the money received on account of licences to keep lottery-offices in Ireland. Perfons preparing or having in their cuftody any regifter or lilt of tickets but as mentioned j or keeping any place for examining tickets, by any other than fuch lids, &c. mail forfeit 5/. On complaint on oatn of offences againft 17 Geo. 3. c. 1. whereby the parties may be liable to punifhment as rogues, juftices may authorife 4 perfons to break open houfes, &c. Perfons difeovered in fuch houfes concerned in carrying on illegal tranfadlions to be puniffied as rogues. Penalty on perfons obftnifting officers. Perfons employing or aiding others to carry on fuch illegal tranfadtions to be deemed rogues and vagabonds. Adlions for penalties to be fued for in the name of the attorney-general Where the amount of penalties fued for is not ii>-ferted in writs, the defendant to he ferved with a copy of the procefs* &c. Offenders adjudged rogues and vagabonds may be committed. Proceedings not removeable by certiorari. General* iffue. Treble cods.
                                    CAP. LXXV.
                An afl to remove doubts touching appointments to certain offices in the
                   court of Chancery made during the vacancy of the office of and keeper of the regijier and regijiers in that court.— [June 27, 1805]
                  WHEREAS it is expedient do remove all doubts touching the validity of any fuch appointments as are hereinafter mentioned ; be it therefore declared and enacted by the King’s moil excellent* majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled. Appoint- and by authority of the fame. That all appointments and ments, during nominations which, from time to time, during any vacancy of the vacancy of the office of regifter and keeper of the regifter and regifters in the office of tj,e court Qf Chancery of that part of the united kingdom of madeby the Great Britain and Ireland called Great         , (hall be made  by
     lord-chan- the lord-chancellor, lord-keeper, or lords-commiflioners of the cellor, of per-great feal of fuch part of the United Kingdom, under the f°hSt°be hand and feal or hands and feals of the faid lord-chancellor, Ac. fhall be8* lord-keeper, or lords-commiflioners refpe&ively, of any per-valid.       fon or perfons to be a fub-regifter or fub-regifters, deputy-
                  regifter or deputy-regifters, or filer or keeper of the reports, and certificates and bocks of entries of orders and decrees, or to be an
                                                                                                                * entering
 Digitize!
Got. gle
*
  1805] Annoregni quadragefimoquintoGEoRGii Ilf. c. 76. 1103
  entering clerk or entering clerks for entering orders made in the faid court, or to hold any office or offices, place or places, the nomination or appointment to which might have been made by the perfon or perfons holding the aforefaid office of regifter and keeper of the regifter and regifters in cafe fuch office had not been vacant, (hall be and be deemed and taken to be appointments and nominations valid and effetfual in the law of all and every fuch perfon and perfons to fuch office and offices, place and places refpedtively, to which he or they refpettively (hall be fo nominated and appointed.
                      CAP. LXXVI.
  An aft to amend an aft made in the parliament of Ireland,                 the
        fupport of the honor and dignity of his                      in Ireland ;
    and for granting to his Maye fly's a civil lijl eftabl'fiment under certain proviftons and regulations.—[July 2, 1805.]
  WHEREAS by an aft made in the parliament e/" Ireland in the
        thirty-third year of his prefent Maj, ,An Jrifti aft adl for the fupport of the honour and dignity of his Majefty’s 33* G* 3 crown in Ireland, and for granting to his Majefty a civil lift cftablifhment, under certain provifions and regulations, the -treafurer, yice-treafurer, orvice-treafurers of Ireland, or fuch perfon
  - or perjons as fhould be authorifd thereto, tv ere empowered to pay any
  fum of money to the principal                      fecretary, to the or other
  chief governor or governors of Ireland,/er fecret Jervtce, preventing, or defeating treafomble or other dangerous againft the fate; and it was by the faid recited aft    that it
  JhouM be fufftcientto acquit and difcharge fuch fecret ary,to make oath
  in manner as in the faid aft is direfted: And whereas in confluence \jqf the union between Great Britain and Ireland the faid chief tary is frequently abfent from Ireland upon urgent and neuffary bufsnefs, and the faid recited provifions of the faid aft have on account thereof been found inconvenient, and certain Jams of mmey may have been, or may be tffued and paid for fuch           , by
  mijftontrsfor            executing the office, of lord high-treofurerin Ireland, to the
  un itr fecretary for civil affairs in the office of the faid chief fecretary;
  and it is expedient that the       payment, fitting, and applications of fuch
  fums fhould be confirmed and regulated by parliament : be it therefore enabled by the King’s moll, excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the paffing of this a<51, it (hall and The treafury may be lawful for the lord high-treafurer of Ireland, or for the to pay money commiffioners for executing the faid office of lord high-treafurer, y^e tolhe^* to pay any fum of money to the under fecretary for civil affairs Un !er fecre-for the time being, in the office of the faid chief fecretary, for tary for civil fecret fervice, in detecting, preventing, or defeating treafonable a|fairs-or other dangerous confpiracies againft the ftate, in any place in Ireland, and that it (hall be fufficlent to acquit and difeharge any
rlgiral fre
( PUBLI
   ■ Go gle
1104 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 77. [1805.
                fuch under fecretary, to whom any fuch money may have heretofore been or (hail hereafter be paid and iflued for fuch under fecretary, to make oath before one of the barons of the exchequer in Inland, in the form following:
Oath to he taken by fuch under fecretary.
                  * T A. B. do fwear, that the money paid to me for fecrct fervice,
                    1 for the purpofes of detecting, preventing, or defeating tred-fonable or other dangerous confpiracies againft the (late, has been bond fide applied to fuch purpofes and no other, and that the application of fuch money has been approved by the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland.
                                      ."   •             * Stihelp me GOD *
                  And that the payment, ifTuing, and application of all and every fum and fums of money, which may have heretofore been or fhall hereafter be paid and iflued to the faid chief fecretary, or to fuch under fecretary, and of the application of which, oath fhall be made as aforefaid,fhall be good, valid, and effectual, to all intents and purpofes whatsoever, any thing in the faid recited a£t, or any other adt or acts in force in           , to the contrary
                  notwithftanding.
                                      CAP. LX XVII.                     :
                An aSl to amend and render more effectual an dfl                    the ferty-
                  fecond year of his prefentMajtjly S reign;''for confolidating the provifions of the fivirai aEls pajfid for the redemption andfale of the land-tax into one att . — [July 2, 1805.J
     41G.3-C.116 ’YTtHEREAS an alt pajfid                       of bis prefent
                 VV Majejhfs reign, intAn a€l for confolidating the provifions of the feveral adts pafied for the redemption and (ale of the land-tax into one aft; and for making furiher provifions for the redemption and fale thereof; and for removing doubts refpefting the right of perfons claiming to vote at eleftions for knights of the /hire, and other members, to ferve in parliament, in refpeft of mefl’uages, lands, or tenements, the land-tax upon which fhall have been redeemed or purchased : and whereas it is expedient that the faid a£i Jhould be amended and rendered more effectual in fome       refpefls, be it therefore enafled, by the King’s mod
                excellent majelty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Incumbentfor aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That where the landing may pur- tax c,'arget* uPon ^ glebe-lands, tythes, or other profits, of any chafe the        living, fhall have been, or fhall be redeemed or purchafed by the
     land-tax             patron or patrons, or any former incumbent thereof, or by any
     redeemed for 0ther perfon or perfons, it fhall be lawful for the incumbent for the benefit of t^c tjme being of fuch living, to treat and agree for the purchafe ik 1 iwn0.       alignment of fuch land-tax for the benefit of fuch living,
                and for the purpofe of railing money to purchafe fuch aflignmen: from fuch patron or patrons, or former incumbent, or other
                                                                                                          perfon
Goi. gle
 1805.] Annorcgni quadragefimoquinto Georgii TIL c. 77' I,05
      perfon or perfons, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftra-tors, or afligns, to carry into execution all and every, or any of the powers which by the faid recited ait are given in order to raife money by fale, mortgage, or grant, for the redemption of land-tax, in fuch and the fame manner, and under and fubjeit to fuch and the fame rules, reftriitions, and regulations, in all refpedts as fuch incumbent for the time being might have carried into execution the fame powers for the purpofe of redeeming fuch land-tax, in the firft inltance, and the land-tax fo affigned fhall forthwith become merged and extinguifhed for the benefit of fuch living: provided always, that the monies to arife from any fuch fale, Application mortgage, or grant, fhall not be paid into the bank of               ot.jponey
      or to any receiver-general or colledlor, but the fame,or fo much thereof as fhall be requifite, fhall, under the order of any two of the commiffioners appointed, or to be appointed, for the purpofes of the faid recited a<St, under the great feal, be paid to the perfon or perfons affigning fuch land-tax, whofe receipt or receipts, in purfuance of fuch order, fhall effe&ually difeharge the refpeeflive purchafers or mortagees ; and the remainder of fuch monies, in cafe any fuch fhall be, after payment of the cofts and expenccs which fhall have been incurred on account of fuch fale, mortgage, or grant and aflignment, and have been allowed by the faid commiinoncrs, fhall, in purfuance of the like order, be paid into the bank of England,or to the receiver-general or collector, as the cafe may require, and be applied in like manner as in the faid recited a & is dire£ted in the cafe of monies arifing from fales, mortgages, or grants, made for the purpofe of pur-chaiing alignments of land-tax, under the faid a<5l: provided Aflignment* alfo, that no fuch aflignment of land-tax, or any fuch deed ofnot^Ablc w fale, mortgage, or grant, in purfuance of this a£t, fhall be liable "to any ftamp-duty whatever.
        II.     And be it further enabled, That no dividends fhall be Conditions on iflued at the bank o f England to any bodies politick or corporate, which divi-or companies or feoffees, or truflees for charitable or other pub-lick purpofes, in refpedl of any bank annuities, which fhall havectj“g been purchafed with any monies which have arifen, or fhall arife, &c. in rclpeA from the fale, mortage, or grant of any manors, mefluages, lands, of Bank an-tencments, or hereditaments, belonging to any fuch bodies poli-tick or corporate, or companies or feoffees, or truflees for^n^y fifing charitable pr other publick purpofes, for the redemption ofland-from the fale tax, unlefs, and until the bodies politick or corporate, or com-of premiles, panies or feoffees, or truflees for charitable or other publick*01 thcrc‘ f purpofes, applying for fuch dividends, fhall have obtained and thTlanU-tax. fhall produce to the cafhier of the bank England a certificate, under the hands of any two of the faid commiflioners appointed, or to be appointed, under the great feal, certifying that it hath appeared to them, by the produ&ion of the contract for the redemption of the land-tax, or by the affidavit of the agent, or fome other perfon a£ting in behalf of fuch bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or feoffees, or truflees for charitable or other publick purpofes, that they hate YouXLV. ‘                       4 B                         redeemed
                  m                *  * *
Go gle ■

Digitize
 jn thecxecu<
 tion of the ecited aft, a certificate, that no alteration has been made in
    tio6 Anno regni quadragefunoquintoGeorgii III. c.77. [1805.
                redeemed, or are proceeding, or intend          and with rea-
                sonable diligence, to redeem the land-tax charged on their manors, meiTuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or fo much and fuch part of the faid land-tax, as it had been propofed to redeem by the monies arifing from the fale, mortgage, or grant, which by the faid commiflioners, or any two of them, had been authorifed to be made for that purpofe.
    Clerk* to the III. And be it further enafted, That after the parting of this commiflioncr* aft, the clerks to the commiflioners of land-tax, afting in and . for the feveral hundreds, wards, laths, wapentakes, or other to/the'cotru' divifions in England, and the clerks to the commiflioners of miflioner8 ap- fupply of the feveral counties, ftewartries, cities, or burghs, in pointed to aft Scotland, (hall, and they are hereby required, in all cafes where no alteration (hall have been made in the afleflment of land-tax for the preceding year, within fix days after the appeal aghinft any fuch afleflinent (hall have been determined, in cafe any appeal (hall be made, or in cafe no appeal (hall be made againft niauc u» afl"cff,nent» ^ien within fix days after the expiration of the thTafl^flVne'nt t‘me ^xe<^ f°r hearing appeals, to tranfmit to the commiflioners of the land- appointed, or to be appointed, by his Majefty’s royal fign tax of the manual, to aft in the execution of the faid recited aft, for the ^car^and the county, ftewartry, riding, or place, a certificate, figned by any Fald^cornmif-6 two or morc of the faid commiflioners of land-tax, or fupply, that no alteration hath been made in the afleflment of land-tax of the preceding year, and it (hall not be lawful for the faid commiflioners afting in the execution of the faid recited afts, at any time aftfcr the twenty-fifth day of March in every year, and before the receipt of fuch certificate as aforefaid, or before the receipt of the copy of any altered afleflment of land-tax, by the faid recited aft required .to be tranfmitted to the faid Commiflioners, to contraft and agree with any bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other perfon or perfons applying to redeem any land-tax, comprifed in any fuch afleflment, unlefs a certificate to the amount of fuch land-tax, figned by two of the faid commiflioners of land-tax, or fupply, (hall be produced and (hewn to them, by or on the behalf of the bodies or perfoos fo applying to redeem fuch land-tax, and in cafe the (aid clerk to the commiflioners of land-tax, or fupply, (hall refule or negledl to tranfinit fuch certificate within the period aforefaid, he (hall, for every fuch refufal or negleft, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered in like manner as any penalty may by the faid recited aft be recovered.
    IV. And whereat it is expedient to make provifion for the enrolment and regijlry of deeds, which have not been duly enrolled or reg if cred purfuant to the directions of the [aid recited aft, and of the feveral other afts paffed relating to the redemption of      be it therefore
                                            further enafted, That all deeds required by the faid recited aft, or forenrolment any other afts, relating to the redemption of land-tax, to be of deeds. enrolled or regiftered, (hall be valid and effeftual, although the fame (hall not have been or (hall not be enrolled or regiftered within the periods preferred by the faid afts refpcftively, provided
                                                                                                                  lhe
 fioners (hall not contraft with any per fon applying for redemption of the land-tax, till fucV certificate be pro-duced.
 p*
 Time given
 
 ^805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quintoGEORGii III.c. 78,79. 1
 the fame (hall have been enrolled or regiffered before the palling of this ad, or (hall be enrolled or regiffered within fix calendar months after the palling thereof.
                 CAP. LXXVIII.
 An   ad to indemnify ail perfons concerned in advancing forty
   pounds to Meffuurs Boyd, Benfield, and                       , one thoufanA
     Jeven hundred and ninety-fix, out of monies ijfued for naval        . *
   —[July 2, 1805.]
 TT T HERE AS the fum offorty thoufanA pounds was, on or about the Recital of the V V ninth day of September, one thoufandJeven hundred and ninety- advance of fix, advanced by the right honourable Henry lord vifcount Melville, j^eff' Boyd then the right honourable Henry Dundas, treafurer of the navy, Benfitld, and certain merchants in the city of London, then carrying on trade under Co. out of the firm of Boyd, Benfield, and Company,out of money which had money placed been ijfued from the Exchequer, and placed at the bank of England to ^jt^TKan*c the credit of the treafurer oj the navy,for navy fervices: and whereas the
 fame was advanced on unquefiionable ficurities, which have been regularly difcharged, and the whole of the fum of money has been repaid and applied to navy fervices: and whereas the right honourable William Pitt, then firjl lord-commijftoner of his Majefiy's treafury, and chancellor of his Majejly's exchequer, did agree to the advancing of the faid fum of money to Mejfieurs Boyd, Benfield, and company : and whereas the meafure of advancing forty thoujdnd pounds to Meffiturs Boyd, Benfield, and Company, was adopted for the purpofe of averting conjequences which might have proved highly injurious to the financial and commercial interefisof this kingdom, and, although not conformable to law, appeared at the time to be called for by the peculiar exigence of publick affairs : and whereas it is therefore expedient that all perfons concerned in advancing or advifing, or confenting to the advancing the faid fum of money, or ailing under any diretlion relating thereto, jhould be indemnified: be it therefore enaded by the King’s moil excellent majeffy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament allembled, and by the authority of the fame.
  That the faid right honourable Henry lord vifcount Melville, and Lord Melville the right honourable IVilliam Pitt, and all other perfons con-an<1 Rt. Hon. cerned in advancing or advifing, or confenting to the advancing the faid fum of forty thoufand pounds, orading under any diredions yor advancing relating thereto, lhall be and are hereby indemnified for and on the faid fum * account of the fame, as fully and effectually, to all intents and of 40,000/. purpofes whatever, as if the fame had been done in purfuance of any ad or ads of parliament.
                 CAP. LXXIX.
 An ad to amendfever al ads, pajfed in the parliament Ireland, for appointing commissioners to inquire into the Ioffes of fuch of his Majejly's loyal Jubjeds as have Jujfered in their property during the rebellion in Ireland, and for other purpofes in the faid ads ‘mentioned.—[July 2, 1805.]
                      4 B 2                WHEREAS
   
no8 'Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 79. [1S05.
     Irifb a<fts "TX 7 HERE AS an aft was made in the parliament of Ireland,
     38 G. 3. c. 68. yy jn tfjg thirty-eighth year of his prcfent Majefly's
                  appointing commiffwners to inquire into the Ioffes of of his
                  jejiy's loyal fubjefts as had been fufferers in their property during the S9 G. 3. c. 65. rebellion in Ireland : and whereas an aft was made in the parliament ^Ireland, in the thirty-ninth year of his prefent Majefly’s reign., for more effeftually carrying into execution the purpofes of the recited aft of the thirty-eighth yearand alfo for providing a fund for rewarding perfons who had rendered fervice by difcovery of traitors :
     ♦« G. j. c. 49. and whereas an aft was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of his prefent Majefly's reign, for amending and continuing the faid two lafl recited andfor                           the  pay-
                  ment of certain fums to perfons who had fufftred in their perfons, and to the widows and orphans of others who lojl their lives in the rebellion, and to perfons who exerted themfelves in difcovering the faid rebellion, and were expofedto danger, or fujlained injury in confequence thereofand whereas certain claims made for               under the
                  faid afts, to the number of about one hundred and forty, Jlill remain undetermined by the commifjioners appointed under the faid afts refpec-tive/y, in confequence of the r claimants having negleftcd to come before the faid commijftoncrs to prove the truth of their refpeftive cafes, although they have been repeatedly required to do, as well by advertifements in the publick papers as by notices dijlributed and pofled in the ufual manner throughout Ireland: and whereas the fioners appointed under the faid afts, have no power under the faid afts either to rejeft any claim which has been regularly lodged with them merely on account of the fubfequent regie ft of the claimant in the proof thereof, or to cloje or terminate their commijfion while any claim that has been duly lodged with them fall remain unheard or undetermined ; by which means a confiderable expence may be unneceffarily continued to the publick; be it therefore ena£ted by the King’s \           mod  excellent majelty, by and with the advice and confent of
the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful for the coinmiflioners under the faid recited a<5(s, or any three or more of them, and they are hereby required, immediately after the palling of this a£t, or as fooo thereafter as conveniently may be, by advertisement to be three times pub-lifhed in two of the Dublin newfpapers, and alfo, if they think the fame neceflary, by notices to be publilhed and dillributcd in like manner as notices have by the faid commiflioners heretofore been publiihed and diftributed, to fix and appoint a certain period to be mentioned in fuch advertifements Snd notices, fuch period not being lefs than one month from the day of the third infertion of the faid advertifements, within which period all perfons claiming any benefit, compenfation, or reward, under the faid recited a<5b, or any of them, (hall be required and allowed by the faid commilfioners to come before . the faid commiflioners, and to prove their refpeftive claims; and that from and after the expiration of the laid period, no fuch claim or proof (hall be admitted or received, but all claims
                                                                                                                           then
 Commillion-ers to give notice of time appoint" ed for determining all outftanding claims.
Digitized by Go ,g](^
   1805.] Anno regni qnadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. c.80,81.1169
  then pending and undetermined (hall be barred and foreclofed for ever.             *'
    II.     And be it further enabled. That all and every right or claims not • rights, claim or claims whatfoever, of or for any benefit, com- determined
  penfation, or reward, under the faid a£ts, or any of them, which before a cer-Ihall not have been heard and finally determined by the faid fo^foredofid. commiflioners before the firft day of Feb, one thoufand eight hundred and fix, (hall be, and the fame is and are hereby barred and foreclofed for ever ; and that on the faid firft day of ,
  one thoufand eight hundred and fix, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners under the faid recited adts, or any three of them, to rejed all and every claim and claims not before that time heard and finally determined ; and to declare that fuch claims are barred and foreclofed for ever, and to clofe and terminate their commiflion accordingly.
    III.  And be it further enaded, That, from and after the faid After Feb. 1, firft day of February, one thoufand eight hundred and fix, all 1806, powers powers and authorities given to the faid commiflioners under and loners'"©1" by virtue of the faid recited ads or any of them, or under or by ceafe. virtue of any commiflion ifliied by authority of the faid recited
  ads or any of them, and all benefits and advantages whatever to fuch commifiioners, (hall ceafe and determine, and all fuch commiflions fhall become abfolutely void and of no effed ; any thing contained in the faid recited ads or any of them, or in any fuch commiflion, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.
                    CAP. LXXX.
  An adt for continuing feveral laws relating to the regulating the prices at which corn and grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, and to the admiffion to entry of oil and .blubber of Newfoundland, taken by his Majefty’s luhjedts cairying on the filhery from and refiding in the faid ifland, until the twenty-filth day of March, one thoufand eight hundred and fix ; and for reviving, amending, and continuing for the fame term, an adt of the lalt feflion of parliament for permitting the importation of * . hides and other articles in foreign (hips.—[July a, 1805.]
                                                     * /
 Aft 43 Geo. 3. c. 78. continued to March 25, 1806. So much of 43 Geo. 3. c. 68, as relates to the admiffion to entry of oil or blubber, on payment of a certain duty, continued to March 25, 1806. Aft 44 Geo. 3. c. 29, continued to March 25,1806. His^Majcfty in council,
 Ac. may permit the importation of goat (kins in foreign veilels to March 25, 1806.
                  CAP. LXXXI.
 4n   aft to amend an aft made in the tbirtyyear of his prefent
      Majejly, for the bitter regulation and government of feamen employed in the coafiing trade.—[July 2, 1805.]
 FOR better enforcing the proviftons refp agreements of feamen or mariners, made in an aft pajfed in the
 tf his prefent Majejly's reign, intituled, An a<ft for the better re- 3i G. c. 3ft *
 gulation and government of feamen employed in the coafting uade of this kingdoqij be it ena&ed by the King’s moll
                                              excellent
   
 Punifhment for feamen refuting to fulfil the agreement entered into
    mo Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 82. [1805.
excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That in cafe any fearnan or mariner, after he (hall have entered into any agreement as mentioned in the faid aft, (hall neglcft or refufe to proceed on the intended voyage or voyages for which he (hall have entered, or upon which any (hip or veflel, trading inpurfuance COaftwife as therein mentioned, (hall be deftined to proceed, it © recite a . ^ajj arJ(j may ^ lawful, upon complaint made thereof to any of his Majefty’s juftices of- the peace within their refpeftivc jurifdiftions, by the mafter or commander, owner or owners or any other perfon having charge or command of the (hip or ▼eflel to which fuch fearnan or mariner fo belongs, foi* fuch juftice, and he is hereby required to iflue his warrant to apprehend fuch fearnan or mariner; and in cafe fuch fearnan or mariner fhall not give fufficient rcafon for fuch refofal, to the fatisfaftion of fuch juftice, then to commit fuch fearnan or mariner to the houfe of correftion, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding thirty days nor lefs than fourteen days.
                                   CAP. LXXX1T.
                     An aft for repealing the duty chargeable on woollen goods of the
                               manufacture of Great Britain exported to the Eaft Indies.— [July 2, 1805 ]
                 WHEREAS it is expedient that certain of the duties chargeable on woollen goods of the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to places within the limits' of the charter of the united company of merchants o/England trading to the Eaft Indies, eeafe and determine : may it therefore pleafe your Maj<-fty that ic may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moift excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authoiity of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five, the duties of cuftoms granted and payable by an aft pafted in the forty-third y'ear of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled.
                       An aClfor granting to his M, during she prefent war and until the ratification of a definitive treaty of , additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and           ,
                 and on the tonnage of fttips andveffels in Great Britain, on woofleri goods of the manufafture of Great        exported to any port
                 or place within the limits of the charter of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft , (hall wholly ceafe and determine, fave and except as to any arrears of duties that lhall have arifen, and may remain due and payable on the faid fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five.
                                     CAP. LXXXIII.
                                                                        An aft to continue the operation of an aft, palled in the laft feffion of parliament, to fwfpend proceedings in adtions, p toft cut ions, and
                                                                                                           proceedings.
 From July 5, tgoe, the duties of cuf-toms payable by 43 G. 3. c. 70- on woollen goods of Bri-tifh manufacture exported to the Eaft Indies lhall eeafe.
 Dig
   
  1805.] Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 84. till
   proceedings, under certain adts relating to the woollen m,inu failure, and aHd under an adt of the reign of Queen Elizabeth fo far as the fame relates to certain pe Ions employt.'. or concerned in the faid tpanufadture.—[July a, 1805.]
  Adi 44 Geo. 3. c. <4. continued to March 15, 1805,
                    CAP. LXXXIV.
  An aft for making more effectual the gracious intentions of her late
   majejly Queen Anne, for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, fo far as relates to the returns of certificates into the Exchequer and gifts of perfonal property. — [July 2, 1805.]
  WHEREAS by an a£i paffed in the fir ft year of the reign of
        his late majejly Xing George the Firft,     An  a£t        for c. i*»
  making more effectual her late Majefty’s gracious intentions for augmenting the maintenance of the poor clergy, the bijhops of every diocefe were empowered from time to time, as they Jhould fee occafion, and as might beft ferve the        of the faid
  bounty to the poor clergy, to inform them/elves by Juch means as in the faid a£t are mentioned, of the clear improved yearly value of every benefice with cure of fouls, living, and curacy, and of the true and clear improved yearly value of the maintenance of every parfon, vicar, curate, and minijler officiating in any fuch churches or chapels as art therein mentioned, and how fuch yearly values arofe, with the other circumftanies thereof, and the fame to certify to the faid governors, for their better information in the premifes; in which faid is contained a provifo, that where by certificates returned into her faid Majefty’s court of Exchequer at Weftminfler, purfuant to an made in the fifth year of her reign, intituled. An act for difeharging 5 Annae, c.afs fmall livings trom their firft-fruits and tenths, and all arrears thereof,, and one other aft made in the fixth year of her reign, intituled. An aft to enlarge the time for returning the certificates 6 Annz,c. *7, of all eccleftiftical livings not exceeding the yearly value of fifty pounds, and for other purpofes, or either of or made good by the faid recited oft of the firft year of King George the Firft, yearly value of any livings not exceeding the clear yearly value of fifty pounds, were particularly and duly expreffed and fipecified, fuch certificates Jhould afeertain the yearly values offuch . order to
  their being augmented by the faid governors, and no new or different valuation thereofJhould be returned to the faid governors by virtue of the faid recited aft: and whereas fince the time that fuch certificates were returned into the Exchequer, in purfuance of the  of  the
  fifth andfixth of her faid late majejly Queen Anne, many livings in fuch certificates mentioned, and thereby returned as not exceeding the clear yearly value of fifty pounds, for the purpofe of being difiharged from firft-fruits and tenths, are by fubfiquent improvement of their glebes and tithes, and by inclofures and other means, become of much greater value; and in order that the bounty of her faid late Majejly may be applied as was originally intended, for the augmentation of fmall livings,
    in places where the fame are not already f provided for, and
   that her Majejly’s gracious intentions for the relief of the poor clergy may be more fpeedily and effectually carried into , it is become
                                                        expedieat
   
                   ' \ # ^ . iiiz Annoregni quadragcfimoquintoGEORGii IIT. c.,84. [1805.
                            expedient that the governors of the bounty be empowered to
                   receive new valuations of futh livings as ivere fo returned. into the Exchequer:may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may he dialled; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Bilhops and aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the refpe&ive guardians to bffhops of every diocefe, and the guardians of fpiritualities ftde valu'^f bene vacanterlhall be and are hereby empowered from time to time fices'returned as they ^all fee occafion, and as may beft ferve the purpofes of Into the Ex- the faid bounty to the poor clergy, by fuch ways and means as chequer, and in the faid acl of the firft year of his majefty King George Sk ftm^to^the      ^‘r^» are nientioned in that behalf, to inform themfelves
      governors of   the c^car improved yearly value of fuch benefices with
      Queen Anne's cure of fouls, livings, and curacies as were returned into the bounty, who Exchequer in purfuancc of the faid acts of the fifth and fixth ^ vie red to" years °f the reign of her faid late Majefty Queen , within aa'upon fuch their feveral diocefes, or within any peculiars or places of exempt new certifi- jurifdidtion within the bounds and limits of their refpedtive care as they diocefes, or adjoining or contiguous thereto, although the fame bied^uTdo11" exempt from the jurisdiction of any biftiop in othercafes, and with refpedt how fuch yearly values arife, with the other circumstances to livings thereof; and the fame or fuch of them, whereof they (hall have r.*Ltu™c<* fully informed themfelves, from time to time with all convenient fpecd to certify to the faid governors of the bounty of Queen Anne, for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, for their better information in the premifes; and the fard governors are hereby authoris'd and empowered, with refpedt to the augmentation of fuch livings, fo formerly certified into the Exchequer as aforefaid, to a<ft upon and be guided by fuch new certificates of the value and other circumftances thereof, made in purfuance of this a£t as fully and efFe&ually to all intents and purpofes as they are in and by the faid firft hereinbefore mentioned and in part recited a<5>, enabled to do with regard to fuch livings as were not fo certified into the Exchequer, and as if the reftraint of the faid provifo therein had not been made, the fame provifo or any thing in the faid recited a£I to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.
  II.   Provided always, and be it enaifted. That fuch cerrificatesas were returned into the Exchequer for the purpofe of afeertaining what livings were to be uifeharged from firft-fruits and tenths, fhall not, fo far as the fame relate to the firft-fruits and tenths, be aftetffed or altered in any manner whatfoever by any thing in this a£t contained.
  III.   And in order to facilitate the intentions of all fuch perfons as may be difpofed to contribute to the augmentation of fuch livings and curacies as are within the meaning of the laws now in foreey
For facilitat- refpeP.ing the faid bounty; be it further enacled, That it fhall be
    ing the in- lawful for any perfon or perfons having in his, her, or their own tentionsof right, any money, goods, chattels, or other perfonal efietfts, at pofcTto^coa- his> her* or l^e‘r an^ pk^ure, to give or grant to, or veft
Digitized by (jQ glc
 iiuu me .exchequer*
 Not to affeft livings with ref|)t<ft to their dif-charjre from firft.fruits *nd truths*
rr
    2805.] Anno regniquadrageiimoquintoGEORGii III.c. 85,86.1113
    in the faid governors of the bounty of Queen      and their tribute to-
    fuccefibrs, to be by them difpofed of according to law, all or any war*j8 juig-c rl 7                 ,  r .   1       1      r    .n-r.7  mentation ot
    part ot luch money* goods, chattels, or other perfonal effefls, livings.
    without any deed or deeds, either inrolled or not inrolled, in
    like manner as he, (he, or they could or might have done, either
    by deed or deeds enrolled or otherwife, before the paffiQg of
    this aft, any (latute or law to the contrary in anywife
    noiwithftanding.
      IV.    Provided neverthelefs. That nothing herein contained Not to affeft (hall in any manner alter or affeft the law now in force *f‘e ,aws re" refpefting the gift or conveyance of any lands, tenements, or ^ d" con-hereditaments, by any deed or deeds, or the difpofition thereof, veyanceof or of any goods, chattels, or other perfonal property, by will or lands, &c. teftament.
                        CAP. LXXXV.
    An aft for authoring the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury in Great Britain to advance a certain fum of money, to be applied in completing the Crinan canal.—[July 2, 1805.]
    Ad 33 Geo. 3. c. 104. recited. The Treafury may advance the further fum of 25,000/. to the company of the Crinan canal. The canal and its rates and all eftate therein, Ihall remain veiled in the court of Exchequer in Scotland until the above additional 35,000/. be paid with interelt.
    Application of the money borrowed.
                       CAP. LXXXVI.
    An ail to explain and amend an alt, made in the lajl fejfion of parliament, to regulate the importation and exportation of , and the bounties and duties payable thereon.—[July 10, 1805.]
                                               m
    WHEREAS an ail, pajfed in the lajl fefjion of parliament,
          intituled. An aft to regulate the importation and exportation 44®. j.c. 109. of corn, and the bounties and duties payable thereon : and whereas it is expedient that fome of the proviftons of the faid ail, as to the regulating the importation and exportation by the average taken as in the faid ail is direiled Jhoutd be repealed, and others thereof amended: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the From Aug »y, fifteenth day of Augufi,one thoufand eight hundred and five, fo much of the faid act as requires that the importation and expor- taking the tation of corn, grain, malt, meal, flour, and bifeuit, into and average price from England and Wales, and into and from Scotland, (hall be °f com and regulated, as to England and Wales, by the average prices of the fh^ated aft whole of the twelve maritime diftrifts thereof, and as tc Scotland fl)au be re-by the average prices of the whole of the four diftrifts in Scotland, pealed and (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and from the faid the import*, fifteenth day of Auguf, one thoufand eight hundred and five, the por"atj^ne*t' importation and exportation of corn, grain, malr, meal, flour, corn, &c. fhall and bifeuit, into and from every part of Great Britain, (hall be be regulated regulated by the aggregate average price of the whole of the by the ave-
                                                                                               twelve ,a2c tnce8 o*
      
Digitize
 rri4
 ♦he ir maritime f'iftridts in Knelnnd and Walts.
 Such average to be a feet-
 Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii TIT. c. 87. [1S05.
 twelve maritime diflrids of England and          in the faid ad
 mentioned; fuch average price to be afeertained from fuch returns, and in fuch manner as is direded by an ad pafled in the thirty-firfl year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ait for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment tained by the of the duty on foreign corn     impand of the bounty on Britifh com
    returns re- exported; and by another ad pafled in the thirty-third year of the quhed by ^ rejgn cf his prelent Majefty, intituled. An ail to amend an ail made JJ g! 3 c* Cj.',u ike thirty-firjl year of the reign of his prefent ,       ,
                 ‘ An ail for regulating the importation and exportation of , and * the payment of the duty on foreign corn     ,  and of the bounty
                 4 on Britifli com exported,* for ascertaining the average prices of corn, grain, meal and flour.
    No corn, fee. II. And be it neverthelefs further enabled, That no corn, (hall be (hip* grain, malt, or flour, (hall, after the commencement of this act, tatUm^ien*"' a^owe^ to be exported from any diftrid of Great Britain, or the price (hall be loaden °*n hoard any (hip, veflel, or boat, in order to be exceed the exported when the prices of fuch corn or grain refpedivcly, in import rates. fuch diftri«5>, afeertained in manner aforefaid, (hall have been in the preceding week at or above the import rates.
                   III. And whereas it is expedient that the periodfor which per mif-ftotis by orders in council to import corn, meal, or , notv by lava continue in force, Jhould be extended as to all corn, meal, or flour imported under any fuch per mif.on from Quebec or the other Briti(h colonies and plantations in North America ; be it therefore enaded, PermifRon by That, from and after the pafltng of this ad, every permiflion ci’<1foVthe°'111 £r3n,e<^ by any order in council under the faid recited ads of the importation of thirty-firft and thirty-third years of his Majeftv’s reign refpec-corn,&c.<rom tivcly, or either of them, for the importation of any fort of corn, the Britifh meal, or flour, from S^ttebec or the other Britifh colonies and America'11 plantations in North America, (hall continue in force for fix (half continue months at the leaft, from the date of the order in council made in force tor fix for that purpofe, any thing in any former ad or ads to the con-months. trary notwithftanding.
                                  CAP. LXXXVII.
                An aSl to authorife the hrds-com of his Majejly's treafury, to permit certain articles to be warehoufed in different ports in Great Britain, upon giving fecurity for the payment of duties upon •             the articles therein mentioned.—[July 10, 1805.J
                WHEREAS by an ail, pajfed in the forty-third year of his ,v _             Majejly's reign, intituled. An ad for permitting certain
                goods imported into Great Britain, to be fecured in warehoufe, without payment of duty, his         , by his order in council,
                is empowered to permit certain goods, wares, and                  ,
                enumerated and dtferibed in the tables to the faid annexed, or fuch
                                                                      other ai tides whichby virtue of the faid may be added to fuch tables,and which may be deemed proper and fit to be landed and lodged in wareboufes, or otherwife fecured according to the directions of the faid ad, at any port of Great Britain, without payment at the time
 
  1805.] Annoregni quadrageftmo quinto Georgii III. c. 87. 1115
  tf the fir ft entry of the duties of cufiomsor exeife due on the importation thereof j provided it Jhall be made to appear that fuch port with refpeft to the trade and commerce carried on , and     from
  the nature of its fituation, a port to which it would be juji and reafonable to extend the advantages by the          and
  that docks, wharfs, and warehoufes Jhall have been built and ereftei within fuch port complete, fit, and proper in every for      the
  landing and reception of any fuch goods, wares, and merchandize, and wherein the fame may refpeftively be fafely imported and landed, and fecurely depofited according to the nature thereof, and wherein the fame may remain under the regulations of the aft: and whereas it may be expedient to extend the, benefit and accommodation to trade granted to the port of London, by the faid recited as far as the
  fecurity of the revenue will permit, toother ports in Great Britain, although fuch docks, wharfs, or warehoufes as by the faid aft are required, may not have been built and erefted within fuch ports; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majerty, by and with the advice and confent of ihe lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That whenever it (hall be made to appear Treafury may to the fatisfaftion of the lord high-treafurer, or thecommiflioners j^at
  of his Majefty’s treafury, for the time being, or any three or       fn ta*
  more of them, that any port in Great Britain is, with refpeft to bles (A. ) and the trade and commerce carried on therein, and from the nature (B >of the of its fituation, a port to which it would be juft, reafonable, and fafe to extend the advantages granted by the faid recited aft, bacco!anJalfo although fuch docks, wharfs, and warehoufes as are required ex.-tpt wine by the faid recited aft may not have been made, erefted, or built from the Weft within fuch port; it (hall be lawfu. for the lord high-treafurer, /tn'iVTttnd
   or the commiffioners of the Treafury, for the time being, or any w ir^ou ed three or more of them, by warrant under his or their hand or without pay-hands, to order and direft .that any of the goods, wares, or ment of duty, merchandize enumerated or described in the tables to the laid aft annexed, marked (A.) and (B.) (tobacco excepted), and (p„^ed m alfo wine imported from the Weft Inmay be landed and recited aft. lodged in warehoufes, or otherwise fecured, under the joint locks of the merchant and the cuftoms, and alfo of the exeife, in cafes where that revenue is concerned, at fuch port, without payment at the time of the firft entry of the duties of cuftoms or cxcifedueon the importation thereof; any thing in the faid recited aft to the contrary notwithft?nding ; and thenceforth all and every the proviftons, powers, authorities, penalties, forfeitures, regulations, reftriftions, afts, matters, and things, relating to the landing, warehouling, keeping, infpefting, taking account of, or otherwifefecuring of goods, Wares, and merchandize under the faid aft, and of the duties due and payable thereon, (hall, in fo far as the fame are applicable, and except where the fame are altered or varied by this aft, extend and be conftrued to extend to the port or ports named in fuch 6rder, in like manner in every refpeft, and as fully and amply, as if fuch port or ports had been or (hould be entitled to the advantages given or granted by the faid recited aft.
                                             II. Provided
    
31 fre
Digitizi
 1116 Anno regni quadragcfimoquinto Georgn III. c. 88. [1805. Bond tobeen- JI. Provided'always, and be it further enacted, That before th/''oofs'l**'n any g°°^si wares, or merchandize (hall be allowed to be flu)father be warehoufed under any fuch order as aforefaid, without payment duly exported at the time of the firft entry of the duties of cuftoms due on the or that the importation thereof; the proprietor, importer, or confignec of duties (hall be puc|, g00£jSj Wares, or merchandize (hall enter into bond, to his P 1 ‘       Majefty, his Iteiis and fucceflors, with one fufficient furety to
             be approved of by the cijlledlor and comptroller of the cuftoms of the port where fuch goods, wares, or merchandize (hall be landed, in double the amount of the full duties due and payable on the importation of fuch goods, wares and merchandize, with condition that fuch goods, wares, and merchandize (hall be either duly exported, in the manner and under fuch rules, regulations, and rcftridlions, fo far as the fame are applicable thereto, as by the faid recited a6t are diredled, in refpedl of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, or that the full-duties of cuftoms, due and payable on the importation of fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall be paid to the collector or proper officer of the cuftoms, within the Ipace of twelve months from the date of the firft entry thereof.
               III. And whereas                               it is by the faid recited aft , that no duty
             of cuftoms or                         excife whateverJhall be demanded or paid for any goods%
                  wares, or merchandize, warehoufed in purfnance of the faid                         which
 Warehoufes ft all be                             deftreyed by fire; be it further enadted, That no goods,
 required to be wareSj or merchandize allowed to be warehoufed in purfuance of fire!ntitle any     order as aforefaid, which fhall be deftroyed by fire, nor
 an exemption the importer, proprietor, or confignee thereof, (hall be exempt from duty in from the payment of 2ny of the faid duties of cuftoms or excife, c-ft 01 tire. which may be due thereon, unlefs every fire-place or ftove in the warehoufes or buildings, in which the fame (hall be depofited, (hall be bricked up or deftroved, and fuch warehoufes or buildings (hall in all other refpedfs, to the fatisfadfion of the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms, and alfo of the excife, in all cafes wheie that revenue is concerned, be rendered fecure from fire* any thing in the faid recited adl to the contrary notwithftanding.
     '*                           CAP.     LXXXVIII.
             An ail for repealing the duties of cuftoms on cochineal duft and
               imported into Great Britain •, andfor granting other duties in lieu thereof.—[July 10, 1805.]
             WHEREAS by an aft pajfed in the forty-third year of hit reign, intituled, An a61 to repeal the duties of cuftoms payable in Great       , and to grant other duties in
             lieu thereof, and by ether afts   fubfequent      ,                                   certain
             duties of cuftoms were impofed oncocbineal imported into Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient to lower the faid , fo far as thefame
             relate to cochineal duft and   , imported      than  by the
             United Company of                           Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies),
             into Great Britain : be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mo(t excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the
                                                                                                            lords

r
   1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii 11*1. c. 88. 1117
   lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent ' parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, From Aug. 1,
*  from and after the firft day of Augujl, one thoufand eight hundred l8o.S»
' and live, the duties of cuftoms now payable by virtue of the faid cochineal t recited a£t of the forty-third year aforefaid, upon cochineal an(j gn.
’ duft and granilla, imported (other than by the United Company nilla imported " of Merchants of      England,trading to the Eajl Indies) into Great (except by th«
*      Britain, (hall ceafe and determine, fave and except as to any coVan'*) fines, penalties, or forfeitures relating thereto, which (hall be fl,all ceafe,
: incurred at anytime before the faid firft day of , one thoufand and inftead 1 eight hundred and five j and inftead and in lieu thereof, there thereof the 1 (hall be raifed, levied, colletfted, and paid unto his Majefty, his 1 heirs'and fucceflors, upon all cochineal duft and granilla imported fliay ? (other than as aforefaid) into Great           ,  the fcveral duties
1 of cuftoms following; (that is to fay),
      For each and every pound weight avoirdupois of cochineal duft, s the fum of one penny farthing :
      And for each and every pound weight avoirdupois of granilla,
:  the fum of three-pence half-penny.
      II. And be it further enacted, That the additional duties of.Additional cuftoms, which, by virtue of an act pafled in the forty-third duties gr.mt--  year aforefaid, intituled. An aft for granting to his    , during ct* by 43 G. 3*
*   the prefent war and until the ratification of a definitive treaty of , c‘ 7°*
'■ additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain ,
it wares, and merchandize, and on the tonnage of Jhips and          in
C' Great Britain ; and alfo of an adt pafled in the forty-fourth year 44 G. 3.C.53. it of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for granting to111(1 £  his       Majejly, during the prefent war, and for fix months after    the
:• expiration  thereof by the ratification of a definitive treaty of       ,
:  additional duties on the importation of certain , wares, and
is  merchandize, into  Great Britain, and on ,             ,  and
t chandize, brought or carried cojjlwife within Great Britain ; and i alfo of an adt pafled in the prefent feflion of parliament, ^ q. 3. c. 19.
! intituled. An aft for granting to his Majejly additional duties within on cochineal Great Britain, on certain goods, wares', and merchandize, imported^}1'* ?nd Sr** intoor brought or carried coafiwift; are payable on cochineal duft !>x* e™tbv the and granilla imported (other than as aforefaid) into Great Britain India for and in refpedt of every one hundred pounds of the produce Comp my), and amount of the duties of cuftoms due and payable thereon by | virtue of the faid firft recited adl of the forty-third year aforefaid,
* (hall, from and after the faid firft day of        , o.ie   thoufand thcduties
   eight hundred and five, be payable for and in refpeift of every one payable by hundred pounds of the produce and amount of the duties of 43 G> 3 c. cuftoms due and payable on cochineal duft and granilla imported (other than as aforefaid) into Great Britain by virtue of this a£t, amount of any thing in the faid recited aits or any of them contained to the the duties [ contrary uotwithftanding.                                *          hereby
; III. And be it further cna&ed. That the refpeefive duties of ^r^legdt'o ^ cuftoms by virtue of this ail payable on cochineal duft and granilla ]evicd a*
T may and (hall be refpectively afeertained, managed, raifed, levied, htre'.oiore.
| colJeited, anfwered, paid, and recovered, appropriated, and
                                                              applied.
      
        1 r 18 Anno regni quadragefimoqninto Georgii III.c. 89. [1805.
                    applied, in fuch and the like manner, an3 by the fame means, ways, or methods, as the refpeftive duties of cuftoms payable on cochineal imported (other than as aforefaid) into Great     ,
                    can or may by virtue of any aft or afts of parliament in force on v                or immediately before the faid firft day of    one    thoufand
                    eight hundred and five, be afeertained, managed, raifed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, and recovered, appropriated, and •               applied.
        Excefs of IV. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in all bT^nVthe^ ca^cs w^ere Ml amount of the refpeftive duties payable by amount ofv*ttue of the faid recited afts, or any of them, on any cochineal duty payable duft or granilla imported (other than as aforefaid) into Great by this :<5t to Britain, jhall have been duly paid fince the fifth day of , one ;
        be^returned, thoufand eight hundred and three, the excefs of the amount of the duties fo actually paid, beyond the amount of the duties payable by virtue of this aft, (hall be returned to the perfon or perfons who (hall or may have paid the fame, in fuch manner as the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in                or any
                    four or more of them, or the commiffioners of his Majefty’s , cuftoms in Scotland, or anj three or more of them, as the cafe may require, (hall direct; and in cafe any cochineal duft or granilla which may have been imported, (other than as aforefaid) into Great Britain, before the faid firft day of       ,  one
                    thoufand eight hundred and five, (hall remain unentered on the faid firft day of Augujl, one thoufand eight hundred and five, it (hall be lawful for the proper officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, > to admit the fame to entry, on payment of the duties by this aft impofed j any thing in the faid recited afts, or any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.
                                      CAP. LXXXIX.
                    An aft to alter and extend the provifions of the laws now in force for the          puniflment of the forgery of bank notes, bills of exchange, and
                                                                   other fecurities,to every par Great Britain.—[July 10,1605.]
                    WHEREAS by an ad, paJJ'ed in the              of the reign of
                _ _        his late majejiy King George the Second, intituled. An aft
                    for the more effeftual preventing and further punifhment of forgery, perjury, and fubornation of perjury, and to make it felony to fteal bonds, notes, or other fecurities for payment of j 9 G *; c. ai.l mo,,cy » °nd atf° hy an ad, pajfed in the feventh year of the reign of I '        '  his faid majejiy King George the Second,   , An aft for the
                    more effeftual preventing the forging or acceptance of bills of exchange, or the numbers or principal fums of accountable receipts for notes, bills, or other fecurities for payment of money, or warrants or orders for payment of money or delivery of goods; jiG.x. c.ss and alfo by an ad, pajfed in the         of the reign of his
                    faid majejiy King George the Second, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majefty feveral rates and duties upon offices and penfions, , and upon houfes, and upon windows or lights, and for raifingthe j Cum of five millions by annuities and a lottery, to be charged on
                                                                                                              tke
Digitized ty-Go 'glC
 I
I
t
.
 L
 ii
 H
 ;■
 I *
i
r?
*
t*
S
;■
k
i
i-
h
 J
 i
 r
 *
 t
 i
 t
 t.
 t
 5
 jl
 f*
.1805 ] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georg 11 III. c. 89. 1119
  the faid rates and duties; andalfo by an aft, paffed in the fifteenth year jj g. *.c. 13. of the reign of his faid majefly King George the                , An
  ad for eftablilhing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds towards the fupply'for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty-two; and alfo by an aft, pajfed in theforty-firfl year of the reign of bis prefent majefly 41 G. 3. c. 39.
  King George the Third, intituled. An ad for the more effedually preventing the forgery of bank notes, bank bills of exchange, and bank port bills, certain proviflons were made and enafted for the preventing and punijhing the forgery of bank notes, and other , bills, and inflruments, inthefe afts rejpeftively mentioned: and whereas
  it is expedient that fuch proviflons Jhould extend and be in force in every part of Great Britain, with fuch alterations and amendments therein
  as are hereby made; be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfon or perfons fhall, from and after the palling of this ad, tvWls.'rind* falfely make, forge, counterfeit, or alter, or caufe or .'rocure to fecurities tor be falfely made, forged, counterfeited, or altered, or willingly payment of ad or affift in the falfe making, forging, counterfeiting, or ^^erin^n altering any deed, will, teftament, bond, writing obligatory, bill fUch,^u>?ty of exchange, promiffory note for payment of money, indorfement of felony or alignment of any bill of exchange or promiffory note for without bene-payment of money, acceptance of any bill of exchange, or any fitot clergy acquittance or receipt either for money or goods, or any accountable receipt for any note, bill, or other fecurity for payment of money, or any warrant or order for payment of money or delivery of goods, with intention to defraud any perfon-or perfons, body or bodies politick pr corporate whatfoever; or (hall offer, difpofe of, or put away any falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered deed, will, teftament, bond, writing obligatory, bill of exchange, promiffory note for payment of money, indorlensent or affignment of any bill of exchange or promiffory note for payment of money,, acceptance of any bill of exchange, acquittance, or receipt, either for money or goods, accountable receipt for any note, bill, or other fecurity for payment of money, warrant or order for payment of money or delivery of goods, with intention to defraud any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, knowing the fame to be falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered, then every perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convidted according to the due courfc of law, (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.
     It. And be it further enadted, That if any perfon or perfons fball, Forgery of from and after the palling of this adt, forge, counterfeit, or alter bank not»a, any bank note, bank bill of exchange, dividend warrant, or any bond or obligation under the common feal of the governor and company of the bank of England, or any indorfement thereon, or fhall offer or difpofe of or put away any fuch forged, counterfeit,
  •r altered note, bill, dividend warrant, bond or obligation, or the . .                                                       indorfement
Go gle
1120
                                                      Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 89. [1805.
              indorfement thereon, or demand the money therein contained or pretended to be due thereon, or any part thereof, of the faid company, or any their officers or fervants, knowing fuch note, bill, dividend warrant, bond, or obligation, or the indorfement thereon, to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud the faid governor and company, or their fucceffors, or any other perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate z whatfoever, every perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof convided in due form of law, (hall be deemed guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy. Punilhmentof III. And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or perfons perfons, (ex- (other than the officers, workmen, fervants, or agents for the of the Bank) *'me          *be governor and company of the bank of           ,
 makinp^or ’ to be authorifed and appointed for that purpofe by the faid havinpin their governor and company, and for the ufe of the faid governor and po(Tt;flion, company only) (hall, from and after the palling of this ad, make
 frames for  ^ ufe< or caufe or procure to be made or ufed, or knowingly aid
 ofth'e'fle^^ or *n the making or ufine, or (without being authorifed feriptionhere-or appointed as aforefaid) (hall knowingly have in his, her, or in mentioned, their cufHdy or poffellion (without lawful excufe, the proof th ir^otfefr n w^erco^ *hall he uPon the party accufed) any frame, mould, or fuch p°per,°n ‘nftrument for the making of paper with curved or waving bar to he tranfl lines, or with the laying wire lines thereof in a waving or curved portation. fhape, or with any number, fum, or amount, expreffed in a word or words in Roman letters vifible in the fubftance of fuch paper; or (hall manufacture, make, ufe, vend, expofe to fale, publilh, or difpofe of, or caufe or procure to be manufadured, made, ufed, vended, expofed to fale, publilhed, or difpofed of, or aid or aflift in the manufaduring, making, ufing, vending, expofing to fale, publifhing, or difpofing of, or (without being authorifed or appointed as aforefaid) fhall knowingly have in his, her, or their cuftody or poffellion, any paper whatfoever with curved or waving bar lines, or with the laying wire lines thereof in a waving or curved lhape, or having any number, fum, or amount expreffed in a word or words in Roman letters appearing, vifible in the fubflance of fuch paper; or if any perfon or perfons (except as before excepted) fhall, by any art, myftery, or contrivance, caufe or procure the numerical fum or amount of any bank note, bank bill of exchange, or bank poll bill, blank banknote, blank bank bill of exchange, or blank bank poll bill, in a word or words to appear vifible in the fubftance of the paper whereon the fame fhall be written or printed, or (hall knowingly aid or afiiff in caufing the numerical fum or amount of any bank note, bank bill of exchange, or bank port bill, blank bank note, blank bank bill of exchange, or blank bank poff bill, in a word or words in Roman letters to appear vifible in the fubftance of the paper whereon the fame fhall be written or printed, every perfon or perfons fo offending jn any of the cafes aforefaid, and being convided thereof according to law, fhall be adjudged a felon, and fhall be tranfported for the term of fourteen years.
 Not to re- IV. Provided alio, and be it further enaded, That nothing flraiu the ifluc herein contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to
                                                                                                                    reftrain
Digitized t
Gos gle
 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 89. 1121
 reftrain any perfon or perfons from ifluing or negociating any or negocit-bill or bills of exchange, promiflory note or promiflbry notes, ^dU
 having the fum or amount thereof exprefled in guineas, or in a a|^V>nnt ex-numerical figure or figures, denominating the fum or amount prefled in thereof in pounds fterling, appearing vifible on the fubftance of guineas, or -the paper upon which the fame (hall be written or printed; any fig^rt-s» de* thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife not- pounds. withstanding.
   V.     Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed, That nothing in Perfons al-this a<ft contained, (hall reftrain or prevent any perfon or perfons l°'ved to from making, uling, vending, expofing to fale, publilhing, or ^j^waved difpofing of any paper having'waving or curved lines, or any lines, not other devices in the nature of watermarks vifible in the iubftance being bar
 of the paper, not being bar lines or laying wire lines, provided !ines» ,wr W*
 the fame are not contrived in fuchmanner as to form the ground-
 work or texture of the paper, or to imitate or refembie the not uniuting
 waving or curved laying wire lines or bar lines of the faid paper of the paper ut
 the governor and company of thebank of      or to imitate or t*lc Bank.
 refembie the watermarks ufed by the governor and company of the
 bank of England in the bank notes, bank bills of exchange, and
 bank port bills, iiTued by the faid governor and company; any thing
 herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywifenotwithft anding.
   VI.    And be it further enabled. That if any perfon or perfons Puniftiment (hall, from and after the palling of this a£l, purchafe or receive f°r purchif-from any other perfen or perfons any forged or counterfeited or re^c,c* bank note, bank bill of exchange, bank poft bill, or biank bank hank^fotes note, blank bank bill-of exchange, or blank bank poft bill, &c. to he knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited, or (hall know- tranfpoitt-ingly or wittingly have in his, her, or their pofleflion or cuftody,tl0n*
 or in his, her, or their dwelling-houfe, outhoufe, lodgings, or apartments, any forged or counterfeited bank note, bank bill of exchange, or bank poft bill, or blank bank note, blank bank bill of exchange, or blank bank poft bill, knowing the fame to be forged or counterfeited (without lawful excufe, the proof whereof Avail lie upon the pet foil accufed) every perfon or perfons fo offending, and being thereof convicted according to law, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall be tranfported for the term of fourteen years.
   VII.    And be it further enadfed, That if any perfon or perfons, Punifliment from and after the palling of this a<51, (hall engrave, cut, etch, 0M>i.l ,0n* en* ferape, or by any other means or device make, or (hall caufe ©r olwn/plate, procure to be engraved, cut, etched, feraped, or by any other any bank * means or device made, or«(hall knowingly aid or aflift in the note, or engraving, cutting, etching, feraping, or by any other means or part thereof, device, making, in or upon any plate of copper, brafs, (led, ^ pewter, or of any other metal or mixture of metals, or upon any without the wood or any other materials, or any plate whatfoever, ary bank authority of note, bank bill of exchange, bank poft bill, or blank bank note,thc Bank, blank baok bill of exchange, or blank bank poft bill, or part ofportation."
 a bank note, bank bill of exchange, or bank poft bill, purporting to be the note, or bill of exchange, or bank poft bill, or blank bank note, or blank bank bill of exchange, or blank bank poft . Vot. XLV.                4 C                             bill
       • Go gle •                   ■ ■.              NEWyorkpubm^l!
 Provifions to extend to
     1122 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90. [1805.
                   bill, or part of the note, or bill of exchange, or bank poft bill of the governor and company of the bank of England, without an authority in writing for that purpofe from the faid governor and company of the bank of Engor (hall ufe any fuch plate fo engraved, cut, etched, (craped, or by any other means or device made, or (hall ufe any other inftrument or device for the making or printing any fuch bank note, bank bill of exchange, or bank poft bill, or blank bank note, or blank bank bill of exchange, or blank bank poll bill, or part of a bank note, or bank bill of exchange, or bank poft bill, without fuch authority in writing as aforefaid; or if any perfon or perfons (hall, from and after the palling of this ad, without fuch authority as aforefaid, knowingly have in his, her, or their cuftody, any fuch plate, inftrument, or device, or (hall, without fuch authority as aforefaid, knowingly and wilfully utter, publifh, difpofe of, or put away any fuch blank bank note, blank bank bill of exchange, or blank bank poft bill, or part of fuch bank note, bank bill of exchange, or bank poft bill, every perfon fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, and being convided thereof according to law, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall be tranfported for the term of fourteen years.
     VIII.                   And be it further enaded, That all and every the claufes and provifions in this ad contained (hall extend, and be deemed GrcTt Britain. an(* conftfued to extend by all courts, judges, and magiftrates ' whatfoever, to every part of Great Britain; any thing hereinbefore contained, or any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.
                                             CAP. XC.
                   ■An aft to empower hit Majejly to retain upon full pay and allowances officers of the militia during the ,                               the
                                reduftion.—[July 10, 1805.]
                   WHEREAS it may he expedient to retain a number of ,
                                                     non-commiffioned               offiand corporals of the feveral
                           giments, battalions, or corps of militia within Great Britain, not-withflanding the reduftion which Jltall have taken place therein, in purjuance of an aft pajfed in the prefent feffton of        intituled,
      45 O.3. c. 31. An ad for allowing a certain proportion of the militia in Great Britain voluntarily to enlift into his Majefty’s regular forces and royal marines, and notwithfandin number of fuch officers, -commiffioned officers, and corporals, jhall in confequence of fuch reduftion exceed the proportion of officers, non-commiffioned effiers, and corporals, preferibed for the faid regiments, battalions, or corps refpeftively,by any aft or afts of parliament now in ; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded*, and be it enadedby the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of His Majefty ^amt» That it (hall be lawful for his Majefty, by any order maydireflany fignified by his Majefty’s fecretary of date, to dired any number numbei of of officers, non-commiflioned officers, and corporals, adually fcrvin™'iifthe ^crv'DS *n any reg'ment, battalion, or corps of militia, at the multia8 at the l*me l«at any redudion of the number of the private men of *                                                                              fuch
gitizei t Qq gle
     1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quintoGEORGii in. c. 91. 1123
     fuch regiment, battalion, or corps, (hall have taken place, or time of the (hall take place by the difcharge of men, for the purpofe enlifting into the regular forces and royal marines, under the retained * above recited a&, to be retained during the continuance of the although the prefent war, or for fo long time during the continuance thereof number may as his Majefty lhall think fit, as officers, non-commiffioned excced t.he officers, and corporals refpcdlively, of fuch regiments, battalions, Src^ribed1 for or corps, although by reafon thereof the number of officers, any regiment, non-commiffioned officers, and corporals refpe&ively, of any &c. fOch regiment, battalion, or corps, (hall by fuch redu&ion of the number of private men therein as aforefaid, exceed the proportion of officers, non-commiffioned officers, and corporals, refpedfively prefcribed for any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, by any a& or acts now in force; and all fuch officers, non-commiffioned officers, and corporals, fo retained as aforefaid,
     (hall be entitled to fuch pay, emoluments, and advantages as other officers, non-commiffioned officers, and corporals refpedively are by law entitled unto, any thing in any law or adt to the contrary thereof notwithrtanding.
       II.    Provided neverthelefs, and be it enadled by the authority guci, officer® aforefaid. That the officers fo retained who (hall exceed the to tucceed to proportion of officers refpedfively prefcribed for any regiment, vacancies, battalion, or corps, (hall, being duly qualified according to any adfc
     or a£ts relating to the militia of England and Scotland in that behalf, fucceed to vacancies which may occur in fuch regiment, battalion, or corps refpedlively,according to their refpective ranks, and beginning with the eldeft officer of each rank refpedHvely.
       III.   Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That where the Regulations eftablilhment of field-officers of any fuch regiment, battalion, or refpedting corps, (hall, previoufly to fuch redudion thereof as aforefaid, field-officers, have confided of one colonel, two lieutenant-colonels, and two
     majors, and by reafon of fuch redudion, one colonel, and one lieutenant-colonel only, and two majois, (hall be allowed on the edablifhment thereof, and one of fuch majors (hall at any time after fuch reduction have died or refigned, then and in fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for his Majedy, by any order,
     (ignified as aforefaid, to dired that the lieutenant-colonel, who in confequence of fuch reduction would have been retained as a fupernumerary lieutenant-colonel under the provifions of this ad, (hall remain and continue upon the edablilhment of fuch regiment, battalion, or corps, with the full rank of lieutenant-colonel, but neverthelefs with the pay, emoluments, and advantages of major, any thing herein-bd'ore contained to the contrary thereof notwithftandmg.
                          CAP. XCI.
     jfn aflfor appointing additional commiffioners for the better examining
       and auditing certain of the publick accounts of Great Britain.—
       [July io, 1805.]
     WHEREAS the publick accounts of Great Britain havefo much           ,
           inenafed ftnee the commencement of the late war, that the 4 C 2                                    commijjioners
      
 His Majefty may appoint three commit oners as
    1124 Anno reghi quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 91. [1S05.
 commiftioners appointed under an ail   in the-twenty-fifth year of
 his pref(nt Majefty's reign, for auditing the           have not
 been able to enter upon the examination of a confiderable part of fuch of the faid accounts as have been already delivered into their office, and others have not yet been rendered by the parties accountable to the publick; and it is therefore expedient, in order to prevent the great inconvenience which will arife from any further delay in the examination and auditing of the faid accounts, that an additional board of esm-miftioners fhould be appointed for the purpofe of examining and auditing fuch of the faid accounts as are                 ; be it therefore
 enadled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it ftiall be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, by letters-patent under the great feal of Great
 ...   ^ Britain,  to   nominate  and appoint three, perfons to he an
 an additional additional board of commiftioners for examining and auditing, board for exa-according to a feledlion to be made-from time to time by the mining and commiftioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more hek accounts. the,n> fuch °f die extraordinary accounts of the publick expenditure of Great Britain as the faid commiftioners appointed under the faid adl of the twenty-fifth year aforefaid fhall not have begun to examine; and the comtniftioners of his Mijefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them for the time being, are hereby authorised and empowered, to order and diredl any fuch accounts of the publick expenditure of Great Britain fince the commencement of the late war, or any other publick extraordinary accounts, the examination of which (hall not have been begun upon, as they (hall think fit to be examined and audited by the faid commiftioners to be appointed under this adl, who (hall forthwith proceed toexamine and audit the fame accordingly; any thing in the faid adl of the twenty-fifth year aforefaid to the contrary notwithftanding.
 II. And be it further enadled. That the faid commiftioners fo to be appointed as aforefaid, before they fhall enter upon the t c fo owing executjon Qf tjie p0wcrs veiled in them by this adl, (hall take an oath before the chancellor of the exchequer, which he is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter, the tenor whereof thail be as followeth; (that is to fay,)
    Oath.        ‘  T              A.   B.do fwear, That according to the bed of my (kill and
                                                                             X knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the feveral powers and trufts veiled in me by an adl, intituled,
                 An a£l for \Jjere infert the title of the afi},'
                 And any two of the faid commiftioners may do any adl, matter, or thing, which by this adl all fuch commiftioners are authorifed and empowered and required to do.
    Treafury may III. And be it further enadled. That the commiftioners of the appoint Treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, (hall ' derk«r* ^ be an(l are hereby authorifed ! o appoint fuch officers and *                                                                     clerks.
 Commi (lion-ers to take
 Digitized tv.
 

 ?
 k
 t
 k
 i
 i
 «
 i
 S'
 4
 t
 t
 t-
  1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii HI. c. 91. 1125
  clerks, and other perfons, as (hall appear to them to be neceflary from time to time, for making up and preparing for declaration fuch of the publick accounts of Great Britain as (hall from time * to time be laid before the faid commiffioners to be appointed under this aft, for the purpofes of being examined and audited by them; and to allow fuch falaries or rewards to fuch officers, clerics, and other perfons,' as they (hall judge proper.
     IV. And be it further enabled. That the commiffioners to Powers veiled
  be appointed under the authority of this aft (hall be and they are in commif-hereby inverted with fuch and the fame powers and authorities, loners of and (hall be fubjeft to the performance of the fame duties, and counts under liable to the fame contrpul in every refpeft, in relation to the     .5*.
  examination and auditing of all accounts which (hall be fo extended to directed to be examined and audited by them; and (hall have additional the fame power of examining, on oath, or otherwife, any perfon ."
  or perlons touching the receipt and expenditure of money forming the charge and difcharge of each account refpeftively, and touching all other matters and things neceflary for the due execution of the powers verted in the faid commiffioners by this aft, as the commiffioners appointed by virtue of the laid aft of the twenty-fifth year aforefaid, for auditing the publick accounts, are now under the faid aft, or by any other law, or any ufage or curtom, inverted with, or are fubjeft and liable to in relation to the examination and auditing of any of the publick accounts of Great Britain; and the examination and auditing of any fuch accounts by the commiffioners to be appointed under this aft, smd all mstfers and things ordered, direfted, or done by them in relation thereto, or to any accountants, fub accountants, or other perfon or perfons concerned therein, or examined touching the fame, in purfuance of this aft, (hall be as valid and tffeftual in all refpefts, and to all intents, conftruftions, and    t
, purpofes, as if the fame accounts had been examined, and the (aid acts, mitters, and things done by the commiffioners appointed under the faid afl of the twenty-fifth year aforefaid.
     V.     And be it further enafted, That all accountants, fub-Accountant* accountants, and other perfons, concerned in any accounts and other under examination before the commiffioners to be appointed J?crned8in°n" under this afl, or to be examined by the faid commiffioners accounts touching the fame, (hall, and they are hereby required to demean under exa-themfelves in fuch manner in all refpefts, and to do all fuch ?j".ajiLon t<Vbe matters and things, as by the faid afl of the twenty-fifth year pro^fionsof aforefaid is directed and required in like cafes, and (hall be the recited fubjeft and liable to fuch pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as by aft.
  virtue of the faid aft they would have been fubjeft and liable to, for any breach, non-performance, failure, or negleft thereof; or for wilfully and corruptly giving falfe evidence, in cafe fuch accounts had been under examination before the commiffioners appointed under the faid aft.
     VI.    And be it further enafted. That it (hall be lawful for the Vouchers for commiffioners to be appointed by virtue of this aft, in their PaYmen| examination of any accounts for any periods preceding the dcc.Ti iSo!u
                                                         thirty- * ’
     
 I
 (lamped.
 Commi (Rollers not to be membtis of parliament.
 1126 Annoregni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 92. [1805.
 tobe admitted thirty-firft day of December one thoufand eight hundred and four, although not to admit and allow of receipts and vouchers for any monies expreffed therein to have been paid, although fuch receipts or vouchers (hall not have been damped according to law.
   VII.    And be it further cna&ed and declared, That no com-miflioner to be appointed by virtue of this a& (hall, during his continuance in fuch office, be capable of being elected or of fitting as a member of the houfe of commons. t
                                                  CAP. XCII.
  Jn ail to amend two ails of the thirteenth and forty-fourth years of his prefent     MajeJly, for the more execution of the criminal
   laws, and more eajy apprehending and bringing to trial offenders efcaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the , and from one county to another.—[July 10, 1805.]
  WHEREAS by an ail, pajfed in the thirteenth year of bis prefent MajeJly*s   reign, intituled. An a<5t for the more effectual
  execution of the criminal laws in the two parts of the United Kingdom ; and by another , pajfed in the forty fourth year of his 44G. 3.C. 9*.preflnt                    MajeJly*s              reign, intitu, An a£f to render more eafy the
              apprehending and bringing to trial offenders efcaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and alfo from one county to another; provifion is madefor the apprehending of offenders in England, Scotland,         and Ireland that fuch offenders
              may be apprehended in one of the parts of the United Kingdom for offences charged to have been committed within either of the other ,          parts of the fame: and whereas there is no provifion made in the faid
              ails for admitting fuch perfons to , who may be fo apprehended for offences which by law are bailable: be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent mnjefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, arid by the authority of the fame, That in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall be apprehended in one of the faid parts of the United Kingdom for the offence which was committed, or charged to have been committed, in either of the other parts of the fame, under any warrant indorfed in fuch manner as is in that refpeft provided by virtue of either of the faid recited aiffs, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may be taken before the judge or juftice who indorfed the faid warrant, or before fome other juftice or juftices of the county, ftewartry, city, liberty, town, or place where the fame was indorfed ; and in cafe the offence be bailable in law, and fuch offender or offenders (hall be willing and ready to give bail for his, her, or their appearance, according to the exigence of the faid warrant, fuch judge or juftice or juftices by whom fuch warrant was indorfed, or before whom any fuch offender or offenders fhall be brought, fhall and may proceed with fuch offender or offenders, and take bail for him, her, or them, according to the exigence of the faid warrant, in the fame manner as the judge orjuftice who originally iffued the fame fhouldor might have
                                                                                                             done i
 Admitting perfons to bat), if the ontnee is bailable by )«w.
4
 
I
‘I
e
i
s
i
ii
 E
 *
 I
f
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92. 1127
 done; and fuch judge or juftice or juftices fo taking bail as afore-
 faid (hall take the recognizance or bail-bond of the faid offender or
 offenders, and of his, her, or their bail, in duplicate, and (hall
 deliver one of fuch duplicates to the conftable, or other officer •
 or officers, or perfon or perfons fo apprehending fuch offender   ,
 or offenders as aforefaid, who are hereby required to receive the
 faine, and to deliver, or caufe to be delivered fuch recognizance
 or bail-bond to the clerk of the crown, or clerk of the peace, or
 other proper officer for receiving the fame, belonging to the
 court in which by fuch recognizance or bail-bond fuch offender
 or offenders (hall be bound to appear, and fuch recognizance or
 bail-bond (hall be as good and effe&ual in law, to all intents and
 purpofes,and of the fame force and validity as if the fame had been
 entered into, taken, or acknowledged before a judge or juftice or
 juftices of the peace of the county, ftewartry, city, town, liberty,
 or place^ where the offence was committed; and the faid judge or
 juftice or juftices fo taking bail as aforefaid, (hall tranfmit the other
 of fuch duplicates to the court of Exchequer of fuch part of the
 United Kingdom in which fuch bail (hall be taken, there to be
 kept of record ; and it (hall and may be lawful for the court, in
 which any perfon fo bound to appear (hall forfeit his or her faid
 recognizance or bail bond, to tranfmit a certificate, teftifying
 the forfeiture thereof, under the feal of the court, or under the
 hand and feal of one of the judges or juftices of the fame, to
 the court of Exchequer, in that part of the United Kingdom
 in which fuch recognizance or bail-bond (hall have been taken;
 and it (hall and may be lawful for fuch court of Exchequer
 to proceed upon fuch certificate to levy the fum fo forfeited, in the
 fame manner in which they may proceed upon any recognizance
 or bail-bond, taken and forfeited within the fame part of the
 United Kingdom, and eftreated in due courfe into the faid court:
 provided always, that if fuch offence be not bailable in law, If the offence
 or fuch offender or offenders (hall not give bail for his, her, |s"ot bailable,
     , .                       ^    .    . 6     .              /  to be remand-
 or thetr appearance, according to the exigence of fuch warrant, ed into cuf_
 the faid judge or juftice or juftices before whom fuch offender or tody tobecon-
 offenders (hall be brought, (hall remand him, her, or them toveyedtothe
 the cuftody of the conftable or other officer or perfon who (ball part where the
           j                                     I               l^nic was
 have apprehended fuch offender or offenders, and fuch conftable, committed, officer, or other perfon (hall proceed to convey fuch offender or offenders into that part of the United Kingdom wherein the offence was committed, by fuch ways and means as are provided by the faid recited atfts relpe&ively.
    II.  And whereas  it may happen by reafon the difference in
 the law prevailing in the faid different parts of the United Kingdom, that the judge or juftice or juftices before whom any offender or offenders jhall be brought, under fuch warrant fo indorfedy may not know whether the offence mentioned in fuch warrant be or be not bailable; for the better information therefore of fuch judge or juftice or juftices in that        ,  be it
 further enatfted. That in cafe any perfon fuing out fuch warrant In cafes where fhall fhew, by affidavit or othervyife, to the fatisfaction of the it appears to
                                       ,                    judge  the juitices
   
 the warrant.
 1128 Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92. [1805.
 rot bailable, judge or juftice granting fuch warrant, that it may be neceffary ‘‘noTbaiUble” to cxecute fuch warrant in a part of the United Kingdom different to he written from that in which fuch warrant is Blued, and it (hall appear on the fa* of alfo to the judge or juftice granting fuch warrant,that it iscranted for an offence for which it wouht not be lawful for any judge or juftice or juftices before whom fuch offender or offenders might be brought, by reafon of the indorfementof fuch warrant as directed by tire faid recited a£ls, to admit fuch offender or offenders to bail, fuch judge or juftice granting fuch warrant, ftiall, upon the face of fu$h warrant, write the words “ not bailableand in all cafes in which fuch words fhall not have been fo written, it (hall and may be lawful for the judge or juftice or juftices, before whom any offender or offenders may *be brought under fuch warrant fo indorfed, to admit fuch offender or offenders to bail.
                III. And whereat it is fit to provide for the appearance of perfons to anfwer in cafes where warrants art not ufually iffued% and to give evidence in criminal profccutions in every part of the United Kingdom; be it further enacted. That the fervice of every writ of fubpoena, or other procefs, upon any perfon, in anyone of the parts of theUnited Kingdom, requiring the appearance of fuch perfon to anfwer or give evidence in any criminal profecution in any other of the parts of the fame, fhall be as good and effectual in law, as if the
 Services of (iihpcena in any part of the United Kingdom valid as to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             r
 > v
 appearance in fame had been ferved in that part of the United Kingdom where any other the perfon fo ferved is required to appear; and in cafe fuch perfon fo ferved fhall not appear according to the exigence of fuch writ or procefs, it fhall be lawful for the court out of which the fame iffued, upon proof made of the fervice thereof, to the fatisfa&ion of the faid court, to tranfmit a certificate of fuch default under the feal of the fame court, or under the hand of one of the judges or juftices of the fame, to the court of King’s Bench in England in cafe fuch fervice was had in England, or in cafe fuch fervjce was had in                        ,  to the court of
              Jofficiary in      Siotland, .or in cafe fuch fervice was had in ,
              to the court of King’s BcncKI             and  the faid laft-mcn-
              tioned courts refpe&ively fhall and may thereupon- p/oceed againft and punifh the perfon fo having made default, in" like-' manner as they might have done if fuch perfon had negle<51ed or refuled to appear in obedience to a writ of fubpeena or other procefs iflued out of fuch lail-mentioned courts refpe&ively.
                 IV. Provided always, and be it further enadled. That none of fuch laft-mentioned courts fhall in any cafe proceed againft or punifh any perfon for having made default by not appearing to give evidence in obedience to any writ of fubpoena or other procefs for that purpofe, unlefs it fhall be made to appear to fuch court that a reafonable and fufficient fum of money to defray the expences of coming and attending to give evidence, and of returning from given fuch evidence, had been tendered to fuch perfon at the time when fuch writ of fubpoena or other procefs was ferved upon fuch perfon.
 In what cafes V, Provided always, and it is hereby further cnadled. That it judgesareto                                                              (ball
 Fxpence of attendance on writs of fubpeena to be tendered.
  Goi gle
 t
 \
   1805.] Annoregni quadragelimo quinto Georgii III. c. 93. 1129
   (hall not be lawful for any judge or juftice to indorfe by virtue of indorfe either of the faid recited adts or this adt any warrant* unlefs the warrant5> fame (hall appear to have iilued, if in England or Ireland upon fome indictment found or information filed, or if in Scotland ** upon fome libel or criminal letters raifed and paired under the fignet of the court of Judiciary, againft the perfon or perfons • named in fuch warrant, or unlefs the fame (hall appear to have ifiued in refpedl of fome capital crime or felony mentioned in fuch warrant; any thing in this and the (aid recited adfs contained to the contrary notwithftanding.
      VI.     And be it further enadted and declared. That in all cafes Proof necef-in which any warrant or certificate (hall, by virtue of either of warrantsare the faid recited adls or this adl, be required to be adfed upon in afted upon, any part of the United Kingdom, other than that in which the
   fame was originally ifiued, it (hall not be lawful for any court, or any judge or juftice to proceed to enforce or adf upon the fame, until it (hall be proved upon oath to fuch court, judge, or juftice, that the feal, fignet, and fignature upon the fame, are the feal, fignet, and fignature refpeCHvely of the court, judge, or juftice, whofe feal, fignet, and fignature, the fame relpedfively (hall purport to be.
      VII.    Provided always, and be in enacted, That nothing in Profecution* this a£t contained (hall, with refpe£t to any profecution depend- ^ePen<,'n^(n”k ing before the pafling of this adt, be deemed or taken by any 0 a Ct e court to alter or affedt in any manner the conftrudtion of the faid ‘
   adt of the forty-fourth year of his Majefty’s reign, if any queftion fhould arife whether fuch profecution be authorifed by the true intent and meaning of the faid adt.
                       .CAP. XCIII.
   Jin aft to amend two ails* pajfed in the forty-third and forty-fifth
      yean of his prefent Majejly, for regulating the drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of fugar from Great Britain.—
      [July 10, 1805.]
    WHEREAS an             aft, pajfed in the forty-third year of the reign
             of his prefent    Majejly, intituled, An adl for difeontinuing *3 3- c* *»•
c t certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of fugar from Great Britain; and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof, until the fifteenth day of January one thoufand eight hundred an<[ four: and whereas an pajfed in this fejfton of            parliament,               intituled,An adt for further continuing, until the 45 G. c. 14.
    twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and fix, an adt, paired in the forty-third year of his prefent Majefty, for * difeontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of fugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof: and whereas it is expedient that the fchedule to the faid firjl-recited aft annexed Jhould be repealed and another fchedule enabled in lieu thereof; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may beenadted ; and be it enadted by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice andconfent of the
                                                                      lords
     
Digitiz
 1130 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c.93. [1805.
               lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in , this preterit From All?, i, parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thar, 1805, inftead from and after the firft day of   one thoufand eight hundred
   of 1 he fch# and five, the fchedule to the faid nrft-recited ad annexed (hall firt*recited ^e, a,1<* l^c kme's *',cre^.v repealed ; and that inftead and in lieu a^i, the one thereof the fchedule to this ad aunexed (hall he deemed part of annexed fhall the faid recited ads, and be conftrued therewith, and the drawee uied. backs and bounties in the fchedule to this ad annexed, fhall, from and after the firft day of                 one thoufand eight hundred
               and five, be paid and allowed under the provifions of the faid recited ads, in like manner, in every refped, as if the faid fchedule had been annexed to the faid firft-recited ad.
                        SCHEDULE to which this Ad refers.
               TABLE of DRAWBACKS and BOUNTIES to be allowed and paid
                            under the Provifions of this Ad.
                                    Drawback to be al¬                                        
                                    lowed on Sugar of                                         
                                    the Britilh Planta¬ Bounty on Refined Bounty on other Re¬ 
Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, tions in the lame   Sugar called Baf- fined Sugar in Loaf 
at which Drawbacks and Bounties     State in which it   tards, or Refined complete and whole, 
are payable.                        was imported, and   Loaf Sugar broken or Lump duly re¬    
                                    Bounty on Refined   in Pieces.        fined.              
                                    Sugar, being ground                                       
                                    or powdered Sugar.                                        
If the average price of brown                                                                 
or Mufcovado fugar, pub-                                                                      
lifhed in the London Ga¬                                                                      
zette, (hall not exceed 40          s.                  s.                S.                  
the cwt. -                          22 the cwt.         25 the cwt.       40 the cwt.         
If it (hall exceed 40;. and not                         •                                     
exceed 45 s.- - -                   21                  25                38                  
If it fhall exceed 45 and not                                                                 
exceed 50/. -                       20                  25                36                  
If it fhall exceed 50;. and not                                                               
exceed 58 s.- -                     20                  20                34                  
If it (hall exceed 58 r. and not                                                              
exceed 6or.                         18                  18                31                  
If it (hall exceed 60;. and not                                                               
exceed bjs. -                       16 •                l6                27                  
If it fhall exceed 62 and not                                                                 
exceed 64*.                                             *4                24                  
If it fhall exceed 64 and not                                                                 
exceed 66 s.- - -                   12                  12                20                  
If it fhall exceed 66 s. and not                                                              
exceed 68 s.- -                     10                  10                *7                  
If it fhall exceed 68 s. and not                                                              
exceed 70 t.- - -                   8                   8                 13 '                
If it (hall exceed 70 - -           Nothing.            Nothing.          Nothing.            
                      All the above prices are to be taken, exclufive of the duties of cuftoms paid or payable on the importation of fugar.
  
                                                                                     CAP.
  1805.] Annoregfti quadragefimo quintoGEORGii III.c. 94,95.1131
                       CAP. XCIV.                                     ;
                               An aft for reducing the duty of excife on hops the growth of Great Britain.—[July 10, 1805.J
      1
  WHEREAS it is expedient that the duty of now payable on hops the growth of Great Britain, Jhould be be it thereforeenafled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame,TTiat, from and after the palling of this aft, Qne ^aif. one halfpenny of the duty of excife of two-pence halfpenny per penny of the pound weight avoirdupois, granted byan aft palled intheforiy-third excife duty of year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft to repeal the duties of excife payable in Great Britain, and to grant other duties 43 G. 3. c. 69. in lieu thereof on hops, the growth of Great      , (hall         ceafe toceafe.
  and determine.
                       CAP. XCV.
  An        aft to amend fo much of an aft of the forty-third year of his
    prefent           Majefyffor confolidating certain of the of the afts
    relating to the duties in Scotland' under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, as relates to the appointment
    of affeffors and fub-colleftors, and the notices required to be delivered to perfons affeffed to thefaid duties.—[July 20, 1805.]
  WHEREAS an aft was paffed in the forty-third year of the
        reign.of his prejent Majefty, intituled, An aft for confolidat- 43G. 3.C.150*
  ing certain of the provifions contained in any aft or afts relating to the duties under the management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, and for amending the faid afts, fo far as the fame relate to that part of Great            Britain called and whereas cer-
  tain inconveniences have been found to arife from the appointment of affeffors under the provifions of the faid , it is expedient that the fame Jhould be amended in the particulars after mentioned; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted $ and be it enafted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in cafe the commiffioners appointed In cafe com-to put into execution the faid recited aft, or any other act or Jj^“ner* acts for granting duties to be aflefled under the regulations thciruTuaf that aft, fhall not, at their ufual annual meeting held on the meeting on thirtieth day of April in each year, appoint afleflors for each April 30. ap-parilh or other fmall diftrift, within the Ihire, ftewartry, city, or P™* borough, for which they the faid commiffioners aft, or where fuch affeffors Thill6 alfeflbrs, if appointed, lhall not fignify to the furveyor of the not fignify (hire or diftrift their acceptance of the appointment within their aceept-thirty days thereafter, that then and in every fuch cafe it lhall be ance.ot the lawful to and for fuch furveyor forthwith, without lodging any f^veyoTmay complaint before the Iheriff or other magiftrate, to aflefs and make the af-
                                                                                                    charge, felTmcnt, &c*
  . Go gle
Digitiz
 1132 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 95. [1805.
             charge, as mentioned in the faid aft, the fevera] inhabitants of the refpcdivC parifhes, diftrids, or places wherein fuch default &all have happened, and to make certificates of afteffment of the feveral duties charged by the faid ads ; and the faid furveyors arc hereby required to make two duplicates of the faid affeff-ments, one of which is to be fent to the comptroller-general of taxes of Edinburgh, and the other to be delivered to the collectors to be appointed as directed by the faid ad, for the (hire, ftewartry, city, or borough refpedively, and the collcdors to whom the fame (hall be delivered, (hall hav.e tire fame powers to collect, receive, and recover the faid duties as fuch collectors would have had in cafe the faid afleffments had been allowed by the faid commiffioners as mentioned in the faid ad.
                II. And whereas in the faid part of Great Britain called Scotland, certain inconveniencies and delays have been found to arife from the notices required by the faid a£l to be given by collector $ of the ajfeffment made on the parties within the dljlriSl for which fuch collectors are Lift of perfons appointed; be it therefore enaded, That, inftead of fuch notices *k being fent or delivered to the refpedive parties, it (hall be fuf-churth- io m- bcient for the affeffor, or if no afleffor is appointed, then for the deemed good furveyor, to affix to the church-door of each parifh within his “     * diftrid a lift, containing the names and descriptions of all and
 every perfon within each refpedive parifh affeffed to the faid duties, together with the article or articles, and the fum or fums of money for which they are refpedively affefled, which lift being fo affixed (hall be deemed and held to be an effectual notice to the parties for all the purpofes of the faid recited ad, as fully as if the fame had been delivered to fuch parties Separately, and the faid refpedive furveyors (hall caule the faid notices of affeff-ment from time to time to be replaced, if neceffary, for three fncceflive Sundays; and every perfon wilfully removing, tearing, defacing, or obliterating any fuch notice fo affixed, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence a fum not exceeding twenty pounds nor lefs than five pounds, which penalty (hall be recovered in manner direded by the (aid recited ad, as to the penalties therein mentioned.
                                             Barons of the III, And be it further enaded, That the barons of his Exchequer in Majefty’s court of Exchequer in Scotland (hall have power and cot an may authorjty jn any diftricEt or diftrids, where the commiffioners
 notice to the parties.
 Penalty for removing or obliterating fuch lift.
 appoint fub-coltcdtors.
  Duty of fub-eoilectois.
appointed as aforefaid (hall recommend the appointment of a fub-coiledor or fub-colledors, to nominate and appoint fuch perfon or perfons as the commiffioners (hall fo recommend, and for whom the faid commiffioners (hall be anfwcrable, to be fub-colledor or fub-colledors for fuch diftrids, or fuch parts of diftrids as to the faid barons (hall feem neceffary or expedient, which fub-colledor or fub-colledors fliall have power and authority to colled and receive from any perfon or perfons within fuch diftrids or parts of diftrids, paying the fame to him or them the fum or fums of money for which they are refpec-tively affeffed ; provided the fum payable on each affeffnent does not exceed twenty (hillings; and the faid fub-colledors (hall
                                                                                                                         fend
 
 1805.] AnnoregniquadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 96.                       1153
 fend or remit the faid duties fo collected or received by them without delay, or at furtheft on or before the firft day of the next month after receiving the faid duties, to the collector of the county within which fuch diftridl or part of a diftriCl is fituated, and the faid colledor is hereby required to grant to them a proper receipt for fuch monies, and (hall be in charge for the monies fo received, which receipts are to be. tranfmitted by the fub-colle£lors to the remembrancer of Exchequer at Edinburgh, and for their trouble in collecting and receiving fuch duties, each fub-colle&or (hall have fuch allowance or reward as the faid barons of the court of Exchequer, on a due confideration of the circumftances of the cafe, (hall think juft and reasonable,., not exceeding three halfpence in the pound, which turns to be fo allowed (hall be paid by the collectors of the refpeCtive counties upon an order from the faid barons.
                        CAP. XCVI.
 An atJfor continuing the premiums allowed to employed in the fouthern               whale-ffloery.—[July 10, 1805.J
 WHEREAS it is proper to encourage the fijhery carried on by his Majejiy's European fubjefts in the feas to the of the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights, for the purpofe of taking whales and other creatures being in thofe Jeasy by continuing certain premiums granted in an a5l pajfed in the thirty-eighth' year of his prefent Adajefly's reigny intituled, An a£t for further 38 G. j. c. J7. encouraging the fouthern whale*fi(heries; be it therefore enaCted by the King’s moft excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual anil temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the feveral premiums hcrein-after mentioned, Premiums to (hall be paid and allowed to fixteen (hips or veflels employed m ** a,lpw«d to the faid filhery, under the limitations, reftri&ions, and regulations ^n'ipwed'm contained in the faid a&, and alfo in an a£t parted in the thirty- the nfhery. fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and mentioned in the faid a&, and under the limitations, reftriCtions, and regulations, expreflfed in this prefent aCl.       v
    II.     And be it further enaCted, That for eight of fuch (hips or Premiums veflels which fhall be fo fitted and cleared out between the*firft a.Rtl condi-day of  "Januaryand the thirty-firft day of           one thoufand         c
 eight hundred and fix, and between the firft day of January and the thirty-firft day of December in each of the two fucceedmg years, and (hall fail to the fouthward of the equator, and there carry on the filhery, and (hall return before the firft day of December in the year fubfequent to that in which they cleared out, to fome port in Great Britain, there (hall be paid and allowed three hundred pounds to each of the eight fuch (hips which (hall fo fail and firft arrive within the times herein-before mentioned, with the greateft quantity of oil or head matter taken together, being not lefs in the whole than twenty tons, in each of fuch (hips or veflels, and being the produce of one or ,                                                               more
  
H34 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 96. [1805.
Premiums and conditions for four other ihips.
Premiums and conditions for ten other ihips.
Certain apprentices protected.
more whale or whales or other creatures being in thofe Teas, taken and killed by the crews of every fuch (hip or veflel refpe&ively.
   III.    And be it further ena&ed, That for four other fuch (hips or veflels which (hall be fo fitted and cleared out, and (hall fail within the time herein-before mentioned, and proceed to the fouthward of thirty-fix degrees of fouth latitude, and (hall there bond fide carry on the faid fifhery, and (hall not return till after the expiration of fourteen calendar months from the day on which they cleared out, but before the thirty-firft day of December in the fecond year after their clearing out, to fome port in Great Britain, there (hall be paid and allowed four hundred pounds to each of fuch (hips or veflels which (hall fo fail and arrive within the times herein-before laft-mentioneT), with the greateft quantity of oil and head matter taken together, being not lefs in the whole than twenty tons, and being the produce of any whale or whales or other creatures being in thofe feas, and taken and killed by the crew of fuch (hip or veflel.
   IV.  And be it further enacted. That for ten other fuch (hips
or veflels which (hall be fo fitted and cleared out between the firft day of January and the thirty-firft day of December one thoufand eight hundred and fix, and between the firft day of January and the thirty-firft day of December in each of the two Succeeding years, and (hall double Cape , or pafs through the Streights of Magellan into the South Seas, and carry on the faid fiihery during the fpace of four months to the weftward of Cape Horn in thofe feas, or (hall double The Cape of Good Hopey and carry on the faid fifhery during the fpace of four months to the eaftward of one hundred and five degrees of eaft longitude from       London, and (hall not return to fome port of Great Britain
till after the expiration of fixteen calendar months from the day on which they cleared out, but before the thirty-firft day of December in the fecond year after their clearing out, there (hall be paid and allowed fix hundred pounds to any one of fuch (hips or veflels which (hall fo fail and arrive within the times herein laft-mentioned with the greateft quantity of oil and head matter taken together, being not lefs in the whole than thirty tons, and being the produce of any whale or whales or other creatures being in thofe feas, and taken and killed by the crew of fuch (hip or veflel in the faid voyage, either outward or homeward; and there (hall be paid and allowed five hundred pounds to each of nine of fuch (hips and veflels laft before mentioned, which (hall fo fail and arrive within the times herein laft before mentioned, with the next greateft quantity of oil and head matter taken together, being not lefs in the whole than thirty tons, and being the produce of any whale or whales or other creatures being in thofe feas, and taken and killed by the crew of fuch (hip or veflel in the faid voyage, either outward or homeward.
   V.      And be it further ena&ed, That any apprentice belonging to any (hip or veflel fitted out on the faid fiihery, who (hall not
                                                                                                                          have
1
  Got. gle
 k»
 fi
 \
 i
 K
 s'
 *
 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III, c. 97,98. 1135
 have completed two voyages, and whofe age fhail not exceed twenty-one years, (hall not be imprefied from the faid fervice; and fpecial protections (hall be iftued by the lords-coinmiflloners of the Admiralty to protect fuch apprentices from being imprefied into his Majefty’s fervice. 1
   VI.    And be it further enaded, That all fhips which (hall clear Benefits cx-out for the fouthern whale-filhery, and (hall return to any port *en^*f*lu in Ireland with a cargo of oil, the produce of the faid nfhery, turning to within the period limited by this a£, (hall be entitled to all the ports in Ire-benefits and advantages arifing from bounties, remifiion of land, duties, or otherwife, granted by the faid recited afts of the thirty-fifth and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, in the like manner and to the fame extent as if fuch (hips had returned to any port in Great Britain.
                                              CAP. XCVII.
 An aft to indemnify all perfons who have been concerned in i(Tuing an order of council and directions for extending the time of certain Ihips continuing to perform quarantine.—[July 10, 1805.]
 Order in council, dated Dec. 1, 1804, requiring performance of quarantine ; and aft 39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. So. recited. Indemnity to perfons concerned in illuing or afting under fuch order in council.
 Aftions commenced to be hayed.
                                              CAP. XCVIII.
                           An all for increafwg the drawback on linens exported from Great Britain to the Weil Indies.—[July to, 1805.J
 WHEREAS it would tend to the benefit of the trade and com-
         merce of this kingdom, if the drawback of the duties of cufioms allowed on the exportation from Great Britain of certain fpecies of foreign linen to any ifiand under the dominion of his Majefiy in the Weft Indies, iy which            defeription the Bahama and the
 Bermuda or Somers’ ifiands are included, were be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty,. by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembied, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firrt day of Augujlone thoufand eight hundred and five, there fhail
 be paid and allowed, on the due exportation from Great Britain to any ifland under the dominion of his Majefty in the Indies, (in which defeription the Bahama ifiands and the Bermuda or Somers’ ifiands are included), of the federal fpecies of linen enumerated and deferibed in the table hereunto annexed,markcd (A), and which (hall be duly entered for exportation accordingly after the firft day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and five, inftead and in lieu of the drawbacks now refpe&ively allowed on any fuch goods fo exported, the whole of the duties of cuftdms which (hall have been paid on the importation into Great Britain of any fuch linen, except only the refpedfive fums mentioned in the faid table, and declared therein to be the fum to be retained, and not to be drawn back on any fuch linen fo
                                                                                                   exported.
From Aug 1, 1805, inftead of the drawbacks now allowed on exportation of linen, the whole of the import duty fit all be paid ; except the re* fpefhve fum* mentioned to he retained ill annexed tabic.
   
UB
1136 Annorcgni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c.99* [1805.
           exported, any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary not with-(landing: provided always, that the feveral and refpeftive drawbacks of the duties of cuftoms hereby granted (hall be paid and allowed in fuch and the like manner, and under all the rules, regulations, and reftriftions, as the former drawbacks on any fuch goods were paid and allowed; and that all the pains, penalties, and forfeitures applicable thereto, by any aft or afts of parliament in force on or immediately before the faid firft day of Augujl one thoufand eight hundred and five, (hall be extended to the purpofes of this aft, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enafted in the body of this aft, and made part thereof.
                        SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.
                                 SCHEDULE (A.)
SCHEDULE of the Duty of Cuftoms to be retained on the Exportation from Great Britain of the feveral Species of Linen herein mentioned to any Iftand under the Dominion of his Majefty in the JVeft Indite in which Defcription the Bahama Iflands and the Bermuda or Somers's Iflands are included.
                                                 LINEN, viz.
 German, Switzerland, Eajl Country, (except and Silefia cloth, plain, viz. not exceeding 314 inches in breadth, the 120 ells             -
       above the breadth of 31! inches, the 120 ells German and RuJJia linen, chequered or ftriped, the thread or yarn of which the fame is made being coloured, ftained, or dyed before the manufadlure, for every    £. 100 of the value thereof
 Silefia and all other lawns, plain, (except cambrieks and French lawns), the piece not exceeding 8 yards in length    -
 RuJj Tta linen, plain, not otherwife enumerated or described, viz. exceeding 22* inches in breadth, and not exceeding 31! inches, the 120 ells -exceeding 314. inches in breadth, and not exceeding 45 inches, the 120 ells -exceeding 45 inches in breadth, the 120 ells
                                      Portion of the Duty of Cuttomi to be retained.
                                                                                *• d.
                                       020*
                                                                              050
2 10 o
003
020
030
050
                           CAP. XCIX.
          An aft for regulating and encouraging the , for the improvement
            of the revenue, and prevention of fmugglmg to and from the I lie of Man.—[July 10, 1805.]
          WHEREAS an a£l puff in the twentieth year of the reign of
______________ his prefent Majejly, , An aft for granting to his
          Majefty feveral additional duties upon certain goods imported into the lfle of Man, and for better regulating the trade and
                                                                                      fecuring
 *y Gcx gle
 I
 I
 I
 i
 i
 !
 I
 i
 i
 i
 »
i
  :
 I
 '
 f
 \
 \
 i
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo qiiinto Georgii III. c. 99* 113^
 fecuring the revenues of the faid ifland : and whereas a report was ttade by certain commijftoners appointed by his Majefly to certain points relating to the Ifle of Man, which report by command of his Mcjefty laid before both houfes of parliament: and whereas an ably founded on the                               Jaid reportwas pajjed in the thirty-
 eighth year of his prefent Majefty's reignr , An aft for the 38 G. 3. c. <3. further encouragement of the trade and manufactures of the JJle of Man, for improving the revenue thereof, and for the more effectual prevention of fmuggling to and from the faid ifland: and which ail was to continue in force until the fifth day of J uly one thoufand eight hundred and one, and by an ails pajjed in the            f»rty~firft year of his prejent Majefys amended and'
 further continued until the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and two: and whereas the provtfms of the faid temporary ails have fully anfwered the purpofesthereof, and been found highly beneficial, and have therefore been continued by fubfequent ails until the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five: and ■whereas the lords-commijfifaers of his Majefty's treafury have, under the powers vefted in them by the faid aits, allowed the importation of fpirits in different proportions than are fpecified in the faid recited ails, and of greater quantities of fame of the other articles imported into the faid ifland under licence: and whereas it is expedient that the regulations of the faid ails Jhould now be made permanent, and the duties granted by the feveral ails be confolidated, and that the commijftoners of cuftojns in England and Scotland refptilively Jhould be author fed to licenfe the importation into the faid ifland, of the quantities of licenfed articles heretofore imported under the authority of the lords-commijftoners of his Majefty's treafury, under the faid ails; be it therefore enaCi d by the King’s moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent pailiament ail'embled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and ComtnifTon-after the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and fiv e, ers of the it {hall be lawful for the commilfioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms cutfom* may in England and Scotland refpedfively, or any four of them, and forthe'im”*** they are hereby required (if the fame (hall be lawfully demanded portation into under the authority of this aCt fo to do), to grant their licences* the portot to be in force until the fifth day of July fucceeding the granting Douglas of of fuch licences, for the importation into the port of          , tmes'ofwine
 in the Ifle of Man, but to no other, in Bbuilt (hips, owned, br*udy, and ’ navigated, and regiftered according to law, and not of lels geneva, and burthen than fifty tons, of the quantities of wine, brandy, and b-omGieat geneva, following, from any port or place whatever; (that is fiVn*quan-" to fay), one hundred and ten tuns of wine, ten thoufand gallons tities of ruin, of foreign brandy, and ten thoufand gallons of foreign geneva, tea, coffie, and no more; and of the quantities of rum, tea, coffee, and *n^,?h'|Cct>» tobacco following, from England and Scotland relpedively; (that is to fay), forty thoufand gallons of rum from England, and0fp0l]c<( twenty thoufand gallons of rum from Scotland, fifty thoufand than tons pounds of bohea tea, five thoufand pounds of green tea, and burthen, fix thoufand pounds of coffee, and fixty thoufand pounds of Vot. XLV.                     4D                          tobacco
    
                                        1138 Anno regniquadragefitno quinto Georgii III. c. 99. [1805.
                                                   tobacco from England, and no more, in any one year, fuch
 Duties to be paid on im-poitation.
 Duties to be paid in ready money, without difeount, and to be collected and recovered as former duties.
 Receiver-general of cuf-toms in the ifland lhall quarterly dy%yr up au
            tobacco to be exported only from ports in England where tobacco is allowed by law to be imported and warehoufed.
              II.    And be it further enabled, That on the importation, under, any licences, of any wine, brandy, geneva, rum, tea, coffee, or tobacco, into the faid port of Dougl, in the IJle of , there (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefTors, the refpe&ive duties following, and no more;, (that is to fay),
            For every tun of French wine, containing two hundred and fifty-
              two gallons, the fum of fixteen pounds:
            For every tun of other wine, containing two hundred and fifty-
              two gallons, the fum of twelve pounds:
            For every gallon of foreign brandy, the fum of three (billings : For every gallon of foreign geneva, the fum of three (hillings:
            For every pound weight of bohea tea, the fum of fixpence:
            For every pound weight of green tea, the fum of one (hilling:
            For every pound weight of coffee, the fuin of four-pence:
            For every pound weight of tobacco, the fum of fixpence:
            and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity; any thing in any other act or acts to the contrary norwithfianding.
              III.    And be it further enadted. That the faid rates and duties (hall be paid in ready money, without any difeount or allowance, and (hall be raifed, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and accounted for, under the authority and direction, and under the management and controul of the commiflioners cf cuffoms in England for the time being, in like manner and form, and by the fame rules, regulations, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, not hereby altered, and as far as the fame are applicable as duties of cuftoms in England are raifed, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and accounted for, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enaCted in the body of this prefent adt; and (except the neceffary charges of raifing, collecting, levying, recovering, anfwering, paying, and accounting for the fame) the faid rates and duties (hall from time to time be brought and paid into the receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer, diftinCUy and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and fuch part thereof as fhall remain after the nectflary cxpences attending the government of the faid IJlc of Many and the adminiftratio.. of juftice there, are from time to time defrayed, and the payment of bounties or charges from time to time payable- thereout, (hall go to and make pait pf the confolidatcd fund of Great Britain.
   IV.    And be it further enaCled, That the receiver-general of the duties of cuftoms in the faid ifland for the time being, fhall as foon after the expiration of each quar'er of every year, ending on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of , the fifty day of July, and the tench day of Ofiober, reipcClively in each year
                                                                                                                          as
Go gle
 1
 I
 \\
 •I
 V
 I
 X
 I
 1
 I
 Rl
 9
 t
 p|
 I
 t . I
 \
 V
 1,
 |
 i
 \
 It
 if^
 i
 i
 &
 t
 l»
 i
 *
 i
 f
 i
1805,] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.99. ft39
as the fame can be done, make out an account of the grofs account of produce of the duties of cuftoms payable and arifing within the ^ faid ifland in the preceding quarter, in fuch form, as fhall be cuftorns> and direilcd by the lords-commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or tranfmit dually three of them, for the time being, and fhall tranfmit and plicate* therer certify a duplicate of fuch account to the lords-commiflioners of ^he his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, and another duplicate Treafury, the fo certified to the auditor for the time being of the Exchequer, auditor of the and another thereof to the moft noble jfohn duke of , or to Exchequer, the perfon entitled for the time being to any annuity out of the *f<1A\l|1e0)|uke consolidated fund, to be calculated on any amount of fuch duties unrter under any ail of this feflion of parliament, or to any perfon or of 100/. perfons appointed by him or them, by writing, under his or their hand or hands, to receive the fame; and if any fuch receiver-general fhall refufe or negleil to make out fuch account, or to tranfmit fuch duplicates as aforefaid, for the fpace of one month after the fame can be done, fuch receiver-general fhall' forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of two hundred pounds, and the further fum of two hundred pounds for each and every month fucceeding fuch firft month, for which he fhall omit or rngleit to make out fuch account, or to fend fuch duplicate fo certified as aforefaid, and to be recovered in any of his Majelly’s courts at      IVeJimnJitr., by action of debt, bill, plaint, or infor*.
mation, in which no effoign or wager of law fhall be allowed, or in any court in the faid ifland, and every fuch penalty lhall go and be applied to the ufe of the faid John duke of AtholL> or the perfon or perfons for the time being entitled to fuch annuity as aforefaid.
   V.  And be it further cnadted. That there fhall be provided Receivtr-
and kept by the receiver-general of the duties of cuftoms in general fhatt the Jfle   of Man for the time being, a book or books in which the ^utiea of
'duties of cuftoms ariflng and payable within the IJlt         cuftoms in a
under any ai5l or acls in force relating to fuch duties, and under book to b« this a<5l, (hall be entered feparate and under diftindl heads, kePl f°r that fpeeifying the refpeiftive amount of the duties of cuftoms dn the PurPole* leveral articles licenfed under this or any former aft, and the
amount of duties on’ goods, wares, or merchandize paying duties, according to the value thereof, and if any of the faid duties, or any parr or proportion of any fuch duties, (hall at any time hereafter tye repealed, altered, or varied, then and in fuch cafe the average produce of the duties, or proportion of duties fo repealed, altered, or varied, for the three years preceding the fifth day of 'January immediately preceding fuch repeal, alteration, or variation of fuch duties as aforefaid, (hall be entered diftinclly and feparately in fuch book or books as * aforefaid $ and if any new duties ihall be granted in lieu of any duties fo repealed, altered, or varied, then and in ftjch cafe the duties or fuch a proportion thereof as fhall be equal to any duties fo repealed, or to fuch proportions of any fuch duties as (ball be fo altered or varied, (hall alfo be entered diftin&ly and feparately in fuch book or books.
   VI.    Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no Wioe.brandy, wine lhall b« imported into the IJle of Man in any calk or and geneva, t.
                            402                                  package 1)0 imPorlcd
         GO gle                      •                             NE.,, yORKTOBUC
 certain fizc.
 No wine, brandy, or geneva to be removed or carried coaft-
 package.
 1140 Anno rcgni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 99. [1805,
 in caflu of a package Iefs than a hogfhead, and no foreign brandy or geneva (hall be imported into the of (except in calks, which (hall contain one hundred gallons each at leaft) on forfeiture of alJ fuch wine, brandy, or geneva, and of the (hip or veflel in which the fame (hall be imported, with all her tackle, apparel, and furniture: provided alfo, that no foreign brandy or geneva (hall be imported into the of Man as aforefaid of a greater or higher degree of ftrength than that of one to nine over hydrometer proof, on forfeiture of all fuch foreign brandy or geneva.
                VII.     And be it further enacted, That no wine, foreign brandy, or geneva, (hall, upon any pretence whatever, be removed or carried coaftwife in the faid Ijle of , or (hall be (hipped or laden on board any (hip or velTel in order to be fo
 wife, unlefs in removed or carried coaftwife, unlefs in the package in which the the original ftme was originally imported into the faid ifland, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof, together with the (hip or velTel on board of which the fame (hall be (hipped or laden, and all her tackle, apparel, and furniture: provided alfo, that no wine (hall be removed from one part of the faid ifland to another, except in the original calk or package in which the fame (hall have been imported into the ifland, or in bottles, on forfeiture of all fuch wine, together with the horfes, carts, and carriages, employed in the removing of the fame.
                VIII.    And whereas it is ntceffary for the improvement of the faid ifland, and expedient, to allow a certain number of live to be exported from England to the Ifle of Manbe it therefore ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful for. the commiflioners of his Majeftv’s cuftoms in England, or any four of them, to grant
 orPfh«At‘°n thcir licences» to remain in force for three months from the p*          date thereof, for the exportation in fuch proportions as to
             numbers as to the faid commiflioners (hall appear to be expedient, from the ports of Whitehaven, Liverpool, or Brijlol, in Great : Britain, into the port of Douglas or Ramfey in the Ifle of Man, but to no other, any number of live (heep not exceeding one hundred in the whole in any one year ; and fuch (heep (hall and may be exported accordingly under the rules, regulations, fecurities, reftri&ions, and forfeitures, fo far as the fame are applicable, as are contained in an aif, parted in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, among other things, for preventing the exportation of live (heep and wool, in relation to the exportation of wool, to the iflands of                   ,
                                                                                                 Jerfey, Alderney, or Sark.
 Penalty on IX. And be it further enabled. That if any perfon or perfons perfons cotnt- (hall counterfeit or falftfy any licence or other document required terfeiting li- or clire«5Ie<i to be applied for, made, or given under this ail, or (hall knowingly or wilfully make ufc of any licence or other document fo counterfeited or falfified, fuch perfon or perfons (hall for every fuch offence forfeit five hundred pounds.
                X. And be it further enacted. That no fee, gratuity, or reward whatever (hall be demanded or taken by the colletflor and comptroller of Douglas, or by any other officer or perfon in the faid ifland, for or in refpc& of any applications made in the
                                                                                                                     faid
 For granting licences for
 cences or
 documents,
 Soot.
 Fees ndt to be taken.
 Digitiz
Go gle
  1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgi i III. c. 99. 1141
  faid ifland for any bond, licences, nor on account of any return or certificate of the due landing of articles imported by licence, under the penalty of fifty pounds.
    XI.   And be it further ena£ted. That when and fo often as any Matter* of
  foreign brandy or geneva, or wine, (hall be imported by licence vrttels to de-into the          IJle    of Man in purfuance of this act, the matter or com- fore[mporring
  mander of fuch (hip or veffel in which the fame (hall be imported winc, brandy, (hall deliver up to the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms or geneva.
  at the port of Douglas the licence or licences by virtue of which fuch foreign brandy, geneva, or wine, (hall be imported ; which licences, by indorfement ftgned by the Britijh conful at the port of (hipping, or, if no Britijh conful, by two known Britijh merchants, (hall fpecify the fpecies and quantity of foreign brandy, geneva, or wine, with the marks, numbers, and denominations of the calks or packages containing the fame fo (hipped on board fuch (hip or veffel; and the matter or commander of fuch (hip or veffel (hall produce to all commanders of his Majefty’s cutters or veffels, or officers of the cuftoms or excife, who (hall demand the fame, fuch licences fo indorfed as often as he (hall be fo called upon, until fo delivered up to the collector and comptroller of Douglas as aforefaid, on forfeiture of all fuch foreign brandy, geneva, or wine.
    XII.     And whereas it is expedient to allow a drawback of duty on Britilh hops on the exportation thereof to the Ifle of Man ; be it therefore enadted, That on the exportation of any Britijh hops Allowing a to the IJle of Man, there (hall be allowed the drawback of the drawback on whole duty paid thereon ; and that on hops imported into the parted** faid IJle of Man from Great Britain, there (hall be raifed, leyied, p gtQ collected, and paid, a duty of one penny farthing per pound a duty on im-
' weight on all hops fo imported, and fo in proportion for any portation of * greater or lefs quantity.                                           *?• P*r lb.
    XIII.   And whereas it it expedient that theprovifons of
  the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Maj, , An adl for
  the better l'ecuring and further improvement of the revenues of
  cuftoms, excife, inland and fait duties, and for encouraging the
  linen manufacture of the IJle of Man, and for allowing the
  importation of fevcral goods the produce and manufacture of the
  faid ifland, under certain reftridlions and regulations, extend
  to cotton yarn and cotton cloth being the manufacture of the Ifle of
  Man ; be it therefore enacted. That any cotton yarn or cotton Cotton yam
  cloth, being the manufacture of the IJle of , (hall be imported manufacture
  into Great Britain without payment of any duty of cuftoms Qf ,hc jfle 0f
  whatever, fubject nevertheless in other refpedts to fuch rules, Man to be
  regulations, and reftridlions, as are required by the before- imported into
  recited adt on the importation of any goods of the growth, pro- BnU,n
  duce, or manufacture of the faid ifland.
    XIV.    And be it further enacted, That no cotton yarn or Cotton yam
  cotton cloth (hall be imported or brought from any port or place or cloth not to whatever into the faid Ifle of        Man, except from Great , e*crpt from*
  on forfeiture thereof*       .                                  Great Britain.
                                                        XV. And
   
 failure imported. Drawbacks not to be allowed without production of certificate.
 1141 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.99. [1805/
 No b >un-y XV. And be it further enacted, That no bounty (hall be manu- aj]0wed or paid for or upon the exportation from Great Britain to the Ijle of Man, of any mahufadure of fillc whatever.
     XVI.     And be it further enadted, That no drawback or bounty (hall be paid or allowed for or upon any goods, wares, or merchandize whatever, exported from this kingdom to the
     Ijle of Man, nor any debenture  made out for fuch drawback or
   bounty, until a certificate (hall be produced under the hands and feals of the officer or officers appointed or to be appointed ro attend the landing or examination of fuch goods at the port or place in the faid ifland where the fame fhall be landed, and alfo the hand and feal of the collector or comptroller of fuch port or place, which certificate fhall fpecify that fuch goods have been dulv entered and landed at fuch port or place in the faid ifland.
     XVII.                          And whereas it may he , under certain fpedal drcum/lances, to permit for a limited time the importation into the
   jflc of Man of a larger quantity of the      articles allowed to he
   imported into the faid ifland by , under the authority of this ad;
 Treafury to be it therefore enadted, That it fhall be lawful for the lord high-authoriTe the treafurer or the commiflioners of the Treafury for the time commiffioners being, Qf any three or more of them, to iflue their orders to the to grant it™5 commiflioners of his Majelty’s cuftoms in England or Scotland, cenecs for the to grant their licence for the importation into the Ijle of Man of importation fuch additional quantity of the feveral articles which are allowed
 °u antities'of to 'mPortet^ *nto          ifland by licence only, as the faid
 the articles' l°r<l high-treafurer or the commiflioners of the Treafurv, or any allowed to be three or more of them for the time being, on the neceflity of the imported for cafe being proved to their fatisfadtion, fhall in their judgements deem fit and reafonable for the ufe and coitfiimption of the inhabitants of the faid ifland.
   XVIII.  And be it further enaded. That it fhall be lawful
 for any of his Majefty’s fubjeds, at any time before the fifth day of Augu/l in this year, and afterwards in fubfequent years, between the fifth day of May and the fifth day of fuly in each year, both inclufive, to make application in writing to the colledor and comptroller of the port of         , in the faid ifland, for the
 importation into the faid ifland of the feveral articles allowed, by law to be imported by virtue of licence; and every fuch application fhall fpecify the date thereof, and the name, refidence, and occupation of the perfon applying, and the defeription and quantity of the articles in refpedt of which fuch application is made; and all fuch applications, with the particulars aforefaid, ftnll, on the delivery thereof, be entered in a book to be kept at the cuftom-houfe of the port of Douglas aforefaid for that purpofe, and the book containing luch entries, (hall be open at fuch cuflom-houfe for publick infpedtion during the hours of bufinefs; and on the fifth day of Augujl in this year, and on the fifth day of July in each fubfequent year, the faid book (hall be clofed, and the collector and comptroller (hall make out, with all convenient fpced, not exceeding fourteen days, a true copy
                                                                                                                         of
 cofilumption in the ifland.
  Allowing -'applications for importa-tionoflict nfed goods, and enabling the governor to allot the quantities.
 

 I
>
i
:
r
?
:

 1805 ] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 99. H43
 of all fuch entries, and certify the fame to be a true copy, and (hall deliver or tranfmit by the earlieft conveyance fuch copy to the governor, iffhenin the faid ifland, or if the governor {hall not then be in the ifland, to the lieutenant-governor of the faid ifland for the time being, fpecifying therein the applicants refident and the applicants not refident in the faid ifland,'and fuch governor or lieutenant-governor thall thereupon allot the whole quantities of each article in refpedf whereof fuch application {hall be made, in the firft place, among the applicants refident in the faid ifland, and in cafe the whole of fuch quantities {hall not have been applied for by refidents, then the refidua among the non-refident applicants, in fuch proportions as he {hall judge moft fair and equitable, and (hall caufe a report thereon to be drawn up in writings and fign and tranfmit the fame to the lord high-treafurer or commiflioners of the Treafury for the time being, and {hall caufe duplicates of fuch reports fo figned to be tranfmitted to the commiflioners of cuftcms and excife refpedlively; and thereupon it fhall be lawful for the faid commiflioners of his Majefly’s ctiftoms in England and Scotlandrefpe&ively, to grant licences (to continue in force for any period until the fifth day of July next enfuing the granting thereof) for the importation of the fevcral articles and quantities thereof allowed by law to be imported into the IJle of which licences the faid refpedfive commiflioners of cuftoms are hereby authorifed and required to grant for fuch periods as {hall be fpecified or allowed in any fuch order, and to divide any quantity of any articles in refpedf whereof any application (hall have been made into two or more licences to the fame perfon, where application {hall be made for that purpofe, and the fame fhall appear to be expedient; and fuch licences fhall without delay be tranfmitted to the collector and comptroller of Douglas, for the purpofe of taking bond under the provifions of this adt previous to the delivery thereof to the different applicants; any adt or adls to-the contrary thereof notwithftanding.
   XIX.     Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it prize fpirits fhall be lawful for the faid lord high-treafurer or commiflioners and wine of the Treafury for the time being, to allow prize fpirits and
 wine to be imported into the faid ifland from Great     , in  [he Ifland.
 whole or in part, of the quantities of the faid articles which are allowed to be imported by licence as aforefaid; any a£t or acts to the contrary notwithffanding.
   XX,      And be it further enacted. That previous to delivering Perfom ap» any licences to the perfons who have applied for the fame, the ptyhig f°r collector and comptroller of Douglas {hall take their bond to h*s entJ^nto* Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, with fufficient fecurity, for the bond for the importation of fuch articles in refpedt whereof the faid licences impoitatio* are granted, on or before the fifth day of July fucceeding the of |“ch delivery of fuch licences, with fuch condition for the forfeiture artia*c‘*
 of any fum or fums of money, not exceeding the whole amount of the duties on the articles fpecified in the faid licences, as the refpedlive commiflioners of cuftoms, under any directions from
                                                           the
 % c     *
                        ,                         NEW rOR^PUBL'i:
 H44 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii IIT. c. 100. [1805.
              tlic commiffioners of theTreafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, {hall think fit* and on the refufal or delay of any fuch perfons applying for licences as aforefaid to give bond as herein directed, the faid collector and comptroller {hall return fuch licence to the commiflioners of cuftoms who tranfmitted the fame; and thereupon the faid colledor and comptroller (hall give publick notice thereof, in order that other perfons may apply for licences in lieu of any fuch licences returned as aforefaid ; and applications may be made, and licences granted thereon, in like manner as in this ad direded for the granting of licences until bond {hall have been given for the importation of the whole of the quantities allowed to be imported under this act; any ad or ads to the contrary notwithftanding.
  Tonnapeduty XXI. And be it further enaded, That, from and after the repe <-* ♦ fajj fifth <]ay Qf July*all duties granted by and now payable under any ad or ads now in force on the tonnage             of any  {hips
              or veflels entering inwards or outwards, in any port of Great
              Britain or Ireland from or to the JJlt of Man> lhall wholly ceafe and determine.
  All regula- XXII. And be it further enaded, That on the exportation of tions in force the feveral articles in this ad mentioned from Great     ,
 relating to an(j on tfie impoftatio,, Qf the fame refpedively into the
  of Man,purfuant to this ad, all the rules, regulations, re-ftridions, penalties, and forfeitures contained in any ad or afls of parliament in force relating to fuch goods refpedively fo imported or exported, and to the payment, recovery, and appropriation of any fine, penalty, or forfeiture relating thereto, {hall, and all the claufes, proviftons, regulations, reftridions, penalties, and forfeitures contained in any ad or ads, or law in force, in relation to the IJle of , {hall, fo far as they are not hereby altered or varied, or in refped of which no other proviftons are made by this ad, be and are hereby declared to be in full force, and to extend to this ad, and {hall be conftrued therewith, and as part thereof, fo far as the fame refpedively apply, as fully as if the fame were particularly repeated and te-enacted in the body of this ad.
 import or export of goods to ex-trnJ to this aft.
                                      CAP. C.
              An aEl for better regulating the diflilling    in England for
                exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for exportation to England; fir the better fecuring the duties payable thereon; and for altering the time of making , and granting licences to diflilfpirits for Scotland.—[July 10, 1805.]
              WHEREAS the regulations by
                     duties on fpirits made in England for exportation to Scotland, and made in Scotland for exportation to England, have been found, inefficient to anfwer the good purpofes thereby intended; and it is therefore expedient to make further regulations for fecuring thofe dutiesj be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent
                                                                                                            majefty.
 Digitiz
 
  1805.] Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 100. 1145
  majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and Regulations after the firft day of Ollober one thoufand eight hundred and for diit'lling five, no perfon (hall make or diftil in England any fpirit9 for       ^
  exportation to Scotland, or in Scotland for exportation to England, exportation in any houfe or place entered or not entered, within the diftanceto Scotland, of one mile from any houfe or place entered for keeping          i5cot"
  fpirits for falein quantities of two gallons or upwards, or within *^rtahonTo the like diftance from any houfe or place which (hall then be, England, or within one year immediately preceding (hall have been, entered for making or diftilling fpirits for exportation to foreign ' parts, or for making or diftilling fpirits in England for the consumption of England, or in Scotland for the confumption of Scotland; nor (hall any perfon make or diftil in England any fpirits for the confumption of England, or in Scotland for the confumption of Scotlandj or make ufe of any houfe or place for the keeping of Britijb fpirits for fale in quantities of two gallons or upwards, within the like diftance of one mile from any houfe or place entered, or which (hall within one year immediately preceding have been entered, for making or diftilling fpirits for exportation from any one of the faid parts of the United Kingdom to the other of them; on pain of forfeiting in Penalty, every fuch cafe the fum of five hundred pounds, together with all and every ftill, malh-tun, cooler, walh-batch, and other utenfils; and alfo all the fpirits, wort, wa(h, or other materials fit or proper for diftillation, which (hall be found in any fuch houfe or place as aforefaid, entered or ufed contrary to the directions ofthisalt; and all and every fuch ftill, mafh-tun, cooler, walh-batch, and other utenfils, and fpirits, wort, wa(b, or other materials, may and (hall be feized by any officer or officers of excife : provided always, that nothing in this a<5t contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to prevent any perfon not being fuch diftiller of fpirits for exportation to England or Scotland refpe£tivcly, nor concerned or interefted in any fuch diftillery, from entering and making ufe of any houfe or place for keeping Britijb fpirits for fale in quantities of two gallons or upwards, within any diftance not lefs than one hundred yards of any houfe or place which (hall be, or which, within one year immediately preceding, (hall have been, entered for diftilling or making fpirits for exportation to England or Scotland refpeClively; nor (hall any thing in this a<£t extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent or hinder any diftiller or diftillers in England or Scotland refpedfively for exportation as aforefaid, from making entry of any houfe or place for diftilling fpirits for fuch exportation, within any diftance not lefs than one hundred yards of any houfe or place which (hall be, or which, within one year immediately preceding, (hall have been entered for keeping Britijh fpirits for fale in quantities of two gallons or upwards, provided fuch diftiller (hall not have any concern or intcreft in the trade or bufincl's carried on in any fuch , ,                        *                             houfe  *
   
 1146 Anno regni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 100. [1805.
             houfe or place entered for keeping Britijh fpirits for fale as aforefaid.
 No <tifti11er to H. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall not be lawful for enter or ufc any diftiller of fpirits in England for exportation to    ,  nor
 otle^content ^or any diftiller fpirits in Scotland for exportation to      ,
 than jooo to make entry of, or keep, ufe, or employ any wafh-ftill of lefs gallons, nor content or capacity than three thoufand gallons, including the any low wine- head, nor any low wine-ftill of larger content or capacity, content*ihaii including the head, than one-fourth part of the content or one-fourth capacity of the wafh-ftill ufed or employed by fuch diftiller.
 part of the   III And be it further enacted. That it fhall not be lawful for
 lonient oi the any fuch diftiller Gf fpirits for exportation to England or Scotland p* "l' ' refpectively, to keep, ufe, or employ any ftill for diddling fpirits oi tlit'uiU*. ^or exportation as aforefaid, except fuch as (hall be of the following proportions; (that is to fay), the diameter of fuch ftill to be taken in the wideft part thereof (hall not exceed the altitude thereof, afeertained in a perpendicular line from the centre of the bottom of fuch dill to the centre of the collar or lip of the fame, exclufive of the head, in a greater proportion than one-half of fuch altitude, nor (hall the diameter at the bottom of fuch dill exceed the altitude thereof, nor (hall the bottom of fuch dill be otherwife curved than inwards or towards the body thereof.
 Manner of IV. And be it further enatfted, That every entered wa(h-charging the fl;)| belonging to fuch didillcr of fpirits for exportation to *1'1 ‘       England or Scotland refpevflively, (hall every time the fame (hall
             be worked be prefumed to be charged with wort or wa(h in the proportion of four parts in five of the content or capacity of fuch ftill including the head thereof, according to the average rates herein-after fpecified ; (that is to fay), for fuch time or times as fuch wa(h-ftill (hall be worked the fame (hall be prefumed to be charged as aforefaid, at the average rate of not lefs than fix times in each week; and fuch walh-ftill (hall not be charged or worked oftener than fix times in each week on an average of the time for which fuch ftill fhall be worked in any one year, reckoning from the firft day of            and  if
             any diftiller fhall charge his or her wafh-ftill oftener than fix times a week on an average during the continuance of fuch entry in any one year, he fhall for every working beyond fuch average be charged with and pay duty at and after the rate of twenty (hillings per gallon, computed at the produce of eighteen gallons of fpirits at the fttength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, for every one hundred gallons of wort or wafh which fuch wafh-ftill would require to charge it four parts in five of its contents; fuch duty to be appropriated and applied in fuch manner as the duties on Britijh fpirits impofed by an a£l parted in the forty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft to repeal the duties of exeije payable in Great Britain, and to grant other duties in lieu ther are directed to be appropriated and applied.
 The time of V. And be it further enabled, That no diftiller for exportation
                                                                                                                      to
C3* «*
Digitize
G<x gle
 '
  I
  if
  t
  «
  5
  i
  \
  i
  i
  l
  n
  fi
  if
  i
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 100. 1147
 to      England or   Scotlandrefpe&ively (hall be permitted to make beRinning
 entry of any houfe or place for the making or diftilling of fpirits wor e for exportation as aforefaid, to commence workirig at any other period than the firft day of October in each year, and that every wafh-ftill after the working thereof (hall have commenced (hall be prefumed to be kept regularly at work for the (pace of three calendar months fucceflively at the leaft, to be computed from the day of beginning to work the fame; and no perfon or perfons who (hall have begun to work any fuch wa(h-ftill as aforefaid (hall be at liberty to difeontinue or to withdraw the entty of any fuch wafh-ftill, after the working thereof (hall have commenced and been begun, until the expiration of the faid term of three calendar months, to be computed as aforefaid ; and tf any fuch diftiller /hall be defirous to difeontinue the working ot any fuch wa(h-ftill as aforefaid, at the end of the faid term of three calendar months, or at any fubfequent period previous to the firft day of Oflober then next enfuing, he or (he .
 (hall and is hereby required to give to the proper officer of excife fifteen days’ previous notice in writing of fuch his or her intention to difeontinue the working fuch wafh-ftill.
    VI.      And be it further enafied. That no fuch houfe or place Nohoufeen-entered for making fpirits for exportation to England or
 as aforefaid, (hall be entered or ufed for diftilling or making poruiioTto" fpirits for the confumption of that {>art of the United Kingdom England or in which the fame is fituated, within the year (reckoning from Scotland (hall the firft day of    Oflober) in which any fuch  houfe or place fhall ^7^
 have been entered or ufed for making or diftilling fpirits for jn'tfrnafcon-exportation to England or Scotland refpedlively, nor until all fumption. the worts and walh remaining (hall have been actually diftilled into fpirits, and the whole of the fpirits fo made or diftilled for exportation to England or Scotland as aforefaid, actually and bond fiac exported to England or Scotland as the cafe may require.
    VII.      And be it further enadfed, That every fuch difliller Diftillers for for exportation to England or Scotland as aforefaid (hall produce, t^'°™ and duly export to England or Scotland, as the cafe may require, quantity
 at leaft eighteen gallons of fpirits at the ftrength of one to ten /pints in pio-
 over hydrometer proof for every one hundred gallons of wort portion to the
 or wa/h which fhall be brewed or made by fuch diftiller, and if
 any (uch diftiller (hall negledt or refufe to produce, and duly default to pay
 export to England or Scotland, as the cafe may require, at leaft ahigherduty
 eighteen gallons of the ftrength aforefaid, or (hall not produce by way of pe-
 and fo export as aforefaid a quantity of fpirits at the faid ftrength, nahy»
 equal to the quantity which ought to be produced by regularly
 working his or her wa(h-ftill, charged in the proportion and
 worked the average number of times herein-before required,
 fuch diftiller for every fuch negledl or refufal as aforefaitl (hall,
 for the whole quantity of fpirits which fhall appear to be deficient,
 be charged with and pay duty for the fame at and after the rate
 of twenty (hillings for every gallon of fuch fpirits fo deficient,
 fuch duty to be appropriated and applied in fuch manner as the
                                                               duties
    
 H48 Anno rcgni quadragefimo quinto GeoRgii ITT. c. ipo. [1805.
             duties on Britijb fpirits impofcd by the faid a*Tt of the forty-third
             year aforelaid, are directed to be appropriated and applied.
 In cafe* of VIII. Provided always. That if it (hall at any time be made *cn;1'nt» appear by fufficient proof upon oath, to the fatisfadlion of the taUfaetionof respective commiffioners of excife in England or Scotland as the thecommif- cafe may require, that the average working of the wafh-ftill, fioners of ex- according to the directions of this aft, was abldlutely interrupted c*/e* they may anj prevented by unavoidable accident or neceflity, (the nature
 give relief.
 Penalty on removing fpirits otherwise than for exportation.
             and extent of fuch accident'or neceflity being fully and clearly proved), and that the whole quantity of wort or wa(h actually brewed or made had been fairly and bona fide produced to the fight, and duly taken account of by the proper officer or officers of excife, then and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful fc-r the faid rcfpedlive commiflioners of exCife to grant fuch relief from the payment of the aforelaid duty, for fo much of any fuch deficiency occafioned by fuch interruption or prevention of working the wafh-ftills, as in their judgement (hall appear reafonable and juft.
               IX.    And be it further enafted, That if any perfon {ball take, remove, or carry away, or aid or affift in taking, removing, or carrying away any fpiiits from any houfe or place entered for making or diftilling fpirits for exportation to England or Scotland refpectively, or from any warehoufe, ftorehoufe, cellar, room, or other place in which any fpirits fo made or diftilled fhall be lodged or depolitcd (except for the foie purpofe of conveying or having the fame conveyed or exported directly to England or Scotland, as the cafe may require, every perfon fo offending fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, over and above all penalties or forfeitures to which the proprietor or maker of fuch fpirits might or may be liable ; and it fhall be lawful for any officer or officers of excife, and all other perfons afting in his or their aid, to ftop, arreft, and detain all and every the perfon or perfons fo taking, removing, or carrying away, or aiding or affifting in taking, removing, or carrying away any fpirits as aforefaid, and to convey the faid perfon or perfons before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, ftewartry, divifion, city, or liberty refpeflively, wherein fuch perfon fhall be fo flopped, arrefted, or detained as aforefaid ; and it fhall be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, on confeffion of the party or on proof by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, to convift the perfon or perfons fo flopped, arrefted, or detained as aforefaid, and the perfon or perfons fo convidled, fhall immediately on fuch convi&ion pay the faid fum of one hundred pounds into the hands of the officer of excife who fhall have conveyed fuch offender before fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, to be applied in manner herein-after directed; and on fuch offender or offenders refufing or negledling to pay the faid fum of one hundred pounds, the juftice or juftices fo convicting as aforefaid fhall, by warrant or warrants under his or their
                                                                                                                   hand

 t
 k
 i
 k
 r
 l
 t
 il
 fa
 k
 ■
 *
 if
 fi
 i:
 »
 *
 t
 *
 %
 %
 %
 \
 *
 s
 S
 -
 *
 K
 I*
 1805.] Armoregni quadrageilmo quinto Georgii III.c.
 hand and Teal, or hands and Teals, commit fuch offender or offenders to the houfc of corre&ion for the faid county, riding, ftewartry, divifion, city, or liberty, refpeflively, there to remain, and to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of twelve calendar months, to be reckoned from the day of fuch convi&ion; and the perfon or perfons fo committed fhall not be difcharged until he, (he, or they fhall have paid the faid fum of one hundred pounds, or until the expiration of the faid twelve calendar months.
    X.  And be it further enaded, That the principal or fuperior
 officer of excife, who fhall be appointed or employed to furvey or infpedt the operations of any diftiller diftilling or making fpirits for exportation to England or Scotland refpetftivcly, (hall keep an exa<ft and true account of all wort or wafh, brewed, or made, or diftilled into fpirits by every fuch diftiller as aforefaid, whole operations he fhall be appointed or employed to furvey or infpeft, and aHo of the a&ual quantity of fpirits, computed at the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which (hall be diftilled, made, or produced by fuch diftilLr as aforefaid, and fhall alfo calculate the quantity of fpirits computed at the faid ftrength which fuch diftiller ought to produce, according to the quantity of wort or wafh brewed or made by fuch diftiller, reckoning eighteen gallons of fuch fpirits for every one hundred gallons of wort or wafh; and fuch officer (hall alfo calculate the quantity of fpirits, computed at the ftrength aforefaid, which ought to be produced according to the proportions in which fuch diftiller is herein-before prefumed to charge his or her walh-ftill each time of working the fame, and alfo according to the average number of times in each week which each wafh-ftill is hereby prefumed to be worked; and fuch officer fhall ouce in every fix or feven weeks make out and return to the proper colle&or of excife, or fuch other perfon as the refpedive cotn-miflioners of excife fhall dire& to receive the fame, an account of fuch real quantities of wort, wafh, and fpirits as aforefaid, and alfo of fuch calculated and computed quantity of fpirits as aforefaid.          ,
    XI.     And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the proper officer or officers of excife who fhall attend the warehousing or making up of Britijh fpirits diftilled or made for exportation to England or Scotland refpettively, to take a fample not exceeding half a pint Engl'ijb out of every vat, calk, or other utenfil in which fuch fpirits fhall be made up and ftored, which fample, after the ftrength fhall have been afcertained, (hall be labelled with the number of fuch vat, cafk, or utenfil, and the day and year when taken, and fhall be fealed and fecurcly kept under the joint locks of the proper furveyor or fupervifor and officer until the expiration of three calendar months after the fpirits to which fuch famples refer fhall have been duly certified to have been exported and landed in England or Scotland as the cafe may require, and at the expiration of fuch three months every fuch fample fhall be fold under the
                                                                                                                       direction
IOO. 114?
Officers of ex* cife to keep an account of quantities dil-tilled, and return the fame to the eolleo tor ot excife.
A fample to be taken of all Bntifh fpirits.
 I
 I
Go gle
1
Digitize
 excite.
                                     •   *    •               9
                                          1150 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii IH. c. ioo. [ 1805.
            dire£tion of the refpe&ive commiflioners of excife in England or Scotland, and the produce thereof, after dedo&ing the charges of keeping and fclHng the fame, (hall be applied as follows ; (that is to fay,) a fum after the rate of three (hillings per gallon (hall be paid to the diftiller or diftillers from whofe flock the fame was taken, and the refidue (hall be paid into the Exchequer, and be appropriated and applied as duties anting from Briti/b fpirits are by the faid adis of the forty-third year aforefaid directed to be appropriated and applied, * piftifler* once XII. And be it further ena&ed. That every fuch diftiller for wreks'to make exPor,at*on to England or Scotland refpcdhvcly as aforefaid, (hall out an ac- once in every fix weeks or feven weeks make out and deliver to the
count of quan-proper collector of excife or other perfon appointed or employed tities diftiiled, by the refpeftive commilfioners of excife in England or Scotland fame Verified t0 receive ^ame, an account of the quantity of worts or on oath to the wa^ brewed or made by fuch diftiller within fuch fix weeks or collector of feven weeks, and of the quantity of fuch wort or wa(h actually diftiiled into fpirits within the fame period, and alfo of the quantity of fpirits computed at the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof which have been a&ually diftiiled or made by fuch diftiller within fuch period, together with an account of fuch fpirits computed at the ftrength aforefaid, which (hall have been fent, (hipped, or exported within the fame period to or for England or Scotland as the cafe may require, and every fuch diftiller (hall make 01th to the truth of fuch account before fuch collector or other officer of excife as aforefaid, (which oath fuch collector or other perfon is hereby required and empowered to adminifter) and if any fuch diftiHer as aforefaid (hall negledl or refufe to make out and deliver fuch account as aforefaid, or to verify-the fame on oath, he, (he, or they (hall for every fuch ncgleft or refufal forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.
               XIII.   And be it further enadted, That before any perfon (hall begin to prepare or brew any wort or wa(h to be diftiiled or made into fpirits for exportation to England or Scotland refpectivcly, every fuch perfon (hall give bond with two fufficient furelies to he approved of, by the refpedf iye commiflioners of excife in England or Sco, or other’ perfon or perfons appointed or-employed by them refpeetively for that purpofe, (which bond the faid rcfpedlive commiflioners of excife or other perfons as aforefaid are hereby authorifed and required to take in his Majefty’s name), himfelf or herfelf in the penalty of twenty (hillings, and the furetics in the bond jointly and feverally in the penalty of five (hillings for every gallon of the content or capacity of the wafh-ftill or wafh-ftills including the head or heads thereof, kept, ufed, or employed by fuch diftiller, conditioned for his or her duly and truly obferving, conforming to, performing, and executing all and every the rules, regulations, rcftridlions, and provifions contained in this adt; and in default of entering into fuch bond, every entry made by any fuch dif-tilier as aforefaid (hall be and the fame is hereby declared null ?nd void to all intents and purpofe*.
                                                                                                       XIV. And
 Diftillers to give bond with fureties for the per-formanre of the regulations ot this aud other aits’.

 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III.c. 100. 1151
   XIV.      And be it further enadted, That no perfon (hall be Entry °f place allowed to make entry of any houfe or place in England for [^be madl'a"! diftilling fpirits for exportation to Scotlan, nor in Scotland for no other tim* exportation to England, at any other period or time than on than the firft the fi{ft day of Oltober in each year; nor (hall any licence be °f Odtober, granted for diftilling fpirits as aforefaid, to commence at any &c*
 other day or time than the firft day of Oflobery any law or adt of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.
   XV.       And be it further enadted, That any perfon or perfons Perfonstaking who (hall be convidted of wilfully taking a falfe oath in any °f ffabktothe the cafes in which an oath is by this adt required to be taken, pCn4tit8 of (hall be liable to the pains and penalties to which perfons are perjury, liable for wilful and corrupt perjury.
   XVI.      And be it further enadted, That all fines, penalties, Penalties how and forfeitures impofed by this adt (hall be fued for, recovered,t0 be rccc-levied, or mitigated by fuch ways, means, or methods (exceptTcrtd* where otherwise fpecially diredted by this adt) as any pain,
 penalty, or forfeiture may be fued for, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at -minjler, or in the court of exchequer in        , refpedtively *.
 and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them who will inform, difeover, or fue for the fame.
   XVII.      And whereas it will be for the accommodation of the trade to permit the diftillers in Scotland to make entry and take out licences for difilling fpirits for the confumption of Scotland to commence on the firjl day of Odtober in each , inflead of the
  tynth day of November in each year\ be it therefore enadted,
 That, from and after the palling of this adt, it (hall and may be Diftillers irt' lawful to and for any diftillcr or diftillers in Scotland to make Scotland to entry of their works, and take out a licence or licences tom *ke'ntry commence on the firft day of Ollober in each year inftead °f fjcencesVn^ the tenth day of November; and the commiflioners of excife in tbefirftofOc. Scotland, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorifed tober infte'ad and required to permit fuch entry and to grant fuch licence.®^tlie tentb accordingly, any thing in this or any other adt to the contrary0 November. notwithftanding: provided always, that no fuch licence (hall be granted to commence and take effedt on any other day than the firft day of Ofiober in each year, nor for any longer or (horter period than for one complete year.
   XVIII.     And be it further enadted, That nothing in this adt Former adt* contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to repeal or (>xctptwb*re alter any adt or adts of parliament in force immediately before tVcon. the paffing of this adt, relating to the diftijlation of fpirits, tjnue Ln force* fave and except fo far as any fuch act or adts,^or the claufes, provifoes, powers, or authorities therein contained or granted,
 are repealed, revoked, altered or controuled by this prefent adt; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. •
                                                     CAP. Cl.
   
J152 AnnoregniquadragefiinoquintoGEO.III.c.ioi—103. [1805*’
 9
)G. 2.C. 36.
 So much of recited adt as rdtrains colleges from purchafing or holding ad* vowfons, repealed.
                                       CAP CL
              An afl tv repeal  fo much of an ally pajfed in the- ninth year of the
                reign of his late majefiy King Geoifge the          intituled, An
                aft to reftrain the difpofition of lands, whereby the fame become unalienable, as refrains colleges within the two univerfuies of Oxford and Cambridge from purchafing or holding except as therein is provided.—[July 10, 1805.]
              WHEREAS it is amongfi other things provided by on alt, pajfed in the ninth year of the reign of his late majefiy King George jhe Second, intituled. An aft to reftrain the difpofition of lands, whereby the fame become unalienable, that no college or houfe of learning in either of the two univerftties within that part of the United Kingdom called England, which doth or Jhall hold or enjoy fo e/iany advowfons of ecclefiafiical benefices as are or Jhall be equal in number to one moiety of the fellowsor perfons ufually fiyled or reputed as     fellows, or where there are     or Jhall be no or perfons
              ufually fiyled or reputed as fellows, to one moiety of the fiudents upon the foundation whereof any fuchcollege or houfe of learning doth or may by the prejent confiitution of fuch college or houfe learning tonfifi, Jhall, from and after the twenty-fourth of June one thoufand    feven hundred  and thirty-fix, be capable of
              acquiring, receiving, taking, holding, or enjoying, any other advowfons of ecclefiafiical benefices by any means whatever, the advowfons of fuch
              ecclefiafiical benefices as are annexed to or given for the benefit or better fupport of the headjhips of any of the faid (alleges or houfes of learning, not being computed in the number of advowfons hereby limited: and whereas the above refiriflicn has been found by experience to operate to the prejudice of fuch colleges or houfes of learning,by rendering the fuueffion too flow: and whereas the removal offuch refir iftion will be for che benefit of fuch colleges or houfes of learning, and of the faid univerfities, and will tend to the promotion of learning, and to the providing a better fupply of fit and competent parochial minifiers ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and vvith the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of the faid ftatute as is herein-before recited (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.
                                      CAP CII.
             An aft to revive and continue an aft made in the thirty-6rft year of hit prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for the encouragement of the pilchard filhery> by allowing a further bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.—[July 10,1805.]
             Recited aft of 31 Geo. 3. c. 45. revived and continued for feven years.
               cap. cm.
               An a£l for charging additional duties of cufioms and on firaw hats or bonnets, imported into [July lo, 1805.]
 on   ftraw platting.
 Great Britain.—
                                                                                       WHEREAS

 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.103. 1153
 WHEREAS by an aCt                                  pafftd  in the forty-third year his
                Majefty's reign, intituled. An aft to repeal the duties of 4J G.3.C. 68. euftoms payable in Great Britain, and to grant other duties in lieu thereof, and by fcveral a Els                            fubfequent thereto, certain duties of ,
 euftoms were impofed on platting or other            of Jlraw to
 be ufed in or proper for making hats or bonnets, and alfo on Jlraw hats or bonnets imported into Great Britain : and whereas it is expedient, in order to afford every encouragement to the manufacture of Jlraw platted in Great Britain, to increafe the duties now payable on foreign platting and other manufactures of flraw ufed or proper Jor making hats or bonnets,and aljo on .foreign Jlraw hats and bonnets imported into Great Britain: be it therefore enabled by the King’s rooft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament allembled, and by the authority of the fame,
 That, from and after the palling of this aft, in addition to the Thefollowing duties granted by the faid firft-rccited aft, there (hall be raifed, additional du-levied,col!efted, and paid unto his Majefty,his heirs and fucceflors,  j^por.
 upon all foreign platting and other manufactures of ftraw, ufed utionofllraw or proper for making hats or bonnets, and alfo upon all foreign puttingandof ftraw hats and bonnets imported into Great Britain, the feveral            **
 new and additional duties of euftoms following; (that is to fay),t>onne 1
    For each and every pound weight avoirdupois of platting or Duties, other manufactures of ftraw to be ufed in or proper for making hats or bonnets, an additional duty of feven (hillings:
    For each and every dozen of ftraw hats or bonnets, each hat or bonnet not exceeding twenty-two inches in diameter, an additional duty of one pound fixteen (hillings ;
    And for each and every dozen of ftraw hats or bonnets, each hat or bonnet exceeding twenty-two inches in diameter, an additional duty'of three pounds twelve (hillings:
 And there (hall alfo be raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto Additional his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, from and after the faid            the
 palling of this aft, for and in refpeft of every one hundred pounds pr0(iuce of of the produce and amount of the aforefaid duties of euftoms by the duties this aft granted, fuch and the like further or additional duties of granted by euftoms, as well temporary as permament, as by another aft this aft and by palTed in the forty-third year aforefaid, intituled. An a Cl    43 G. 3. e.70.
 granting to his Majejly, during the prefent war and until the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, and on the tonnage of Jhips and veffels in Great Britain ; and by an aft parted in the forty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aCt for granting to his Majejly, during the prefent war 44 G. 3. c. 53, and for Jix months after the expiration thereof by the ratification of"xU<^ a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize into Great Britain, and on goods, wares, and merchandize brought or carried coajlwift within Great Britain} and by an aft palled in the prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An aCt for granting to bis Majefty additional *5   *9’
 duties within Great Britain on certain goo, , and merchandizeto ** VOL. XLV.                       4 E                      imported
    
 H54 Anno regm quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 104. [1805.
             imported into or brought or carried       j were granted for and
             in refpeCt of every one hundred pounds of the produce and amount of the duties of cuftoms by the faid firft-recited ad of the forty-third year aforefaid granted on foreign platting and other manufactures of ftraw ufed or proper for making hats or bonnets, and alfo on foreign ftraw hats and bonnets imported into Great Britain.
 Duties to be II. And be it further enaCled, That the faid refpeflive duties under the of cuftoms, as well temporary as permament, by this act granted ment'aTh *** on krci§n Pitting or other manufactures of ftraw ufed for tofore. * CrC" bats or bonnets, and on foreign ftraw hats and bonnets imported into Great Britain, may and (hall refpeCtively be afcertained, managed, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in fuch and the like manner and by the fame ways or methods as the refpeCtive permanent and temporary duties of cuftoms by the (aid feveral recited ads granted on foreign platting of ftraw and on ftraw hats and bonnets were or might, before the palling of this adt, be refpeCtively afcertained, managed, raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, and recovered, appropriated and applied.
                               CAP. CIV.
                       t
           Jn aft to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand eight hundred andfix, and amend feveral ails for regulating and fecuring the colleilton of the duties on fpirituous liquors di/liUed in Ireland, and the warehoufmg of fuch fpirits for exportation.—[July 10, 1805.J
 No perfon lhall keep a (till without licence from
              WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the better fecuring the duties of excife on fpirits dijlilled in Ireland, and for encouraging the exportation of fuch , by warehoufmg the fame
 without payment of duty; be it enaCted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That no perfon or perfons (hall have, or keep, or make ufc of, any dill or other utenfil for diftilling fpirits in  without having firft
 commiflioners obtained a licence for keeping and uftng the fame from the of excife. commiffioners of his Majefty’s revenue of inland cxcife in , in the form following; (that is to fay).
 Form of li* * /J °f                    is [        an<* C. D.  of
 ccnce.               are]  hereby licenfed to have, keep, and make ufe of the
             ftill [or, ftillsJ after mentioned ; that is to fay,
                ‘ No. I. A ftill, the body whereof contains         gallons,
             and which faid ftill, with the head thereof, and every appendage thereto included, contains            gallons, the  diameter of
             the faid ftill at the wideft part thereof moft remote from the bottom, being           inches; the altitude of the faid ftill from
             the centre of the faid diameter to the bottom being inches; the diameter of the bottom of the faid ftill, taken in an horizontal line, being           inches; and the diameter

   1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto GeorgiiIII. c. 104. 1155
   of the bottom of the neck of the faid ftill being inches. [And, in cafe tf more than oneJhlly Alfo, one other ftill;
   (that is to fay,)
      ‘No. II. A ftill, [fpedfying in Hie manner every fill d\(lin£lly, with the              number, contents, aod dimenfions thereof, for which
   licence J,hall be'granted.'] The faid ftill [or, ftills] to be had,
   kept, and ufed in the diftillery of the faid A. [or, ,      .   and
   C. D.] fituate at                in  the parilh of
   in the county, [city, or town] of
      ‘ 'I'his licence to remain in full force until the twenty-ninth day of September next enfuing the date hereof. Witnefs my hand [or, our hands] this            day  of                    one
   thoufand eight hundred and
                               ‘ E. F. Commiflioner of Excife,
                                     '      ,‘ or,
                               ‘ E. F.^
                               * G. H. \ Commiflioners of Excife.
                               ‘ /. K. )
      * Witnefs, L.M. Secretary to the Commiflioners of Excife.'
   Provided always. That perfons in partnerfhip carrying on the One licence bufinefs of diftilling (hall not be obliged to take out more than f°r Partner8, one fuch licence.
      II.    And be it further enabled,That this aft, and all regulations Minors, being therein contained, (hall extend, and be conftrued to extend, to ^a^iable to any perfon under the age of twenty-one years, in whole name^j8'(<j_ e 0 or for whofe ufe or benefit any diftillery (hall be exercifed, -managed, or carried on, and fuch perfon (hall be liable to all
   duties of excife on account of fuch diftillery, and to all penalties and forfeitures under this aft, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch perfon were adult and of full age.
      III. And be it further enafted. That, for the purpofe ofM°deofefti-
   charging the duty on fpirits, the content of any ftill (hall be n- 6 . j        j-        u       •    r   i-      {. . - , n.„ tents of lbll.
   emulated according to the quantity of liquor which fuch ftill,
   including the head and every appendage to fuch head as high as
   the fteam can afeend, (hall be aftually capable of containing;
   and if any ftill in the diftillery of any diftiller (hall exceed by
   four gallons the content fpecified in the licence to fuch diftiller,
   as being the content of fuch ftill, every fuch ftill fo exceeding in
   content (hall be deemed an unlicenfed ftill, and (hall be forfeited Penalty on
   and may be feized, and the perfon or perlons in whofe pofleflionf1'1* exc^ed‘
   the fame (hall be found, or who (hall have ufed the fame, fliall ifccnfcd.iL'.
   forfeit the (urn of ten pounds.
      IV.     And be it further enafted. That every ftill for diftilling Still (hall be of fpirits in Ireland, (hall be of the proportions following: The lfn.a^e m ccrV diameter of fuch ftill, to be taken in the wideft part of fuch^^ro*K>r* ftill, and in that place of fuch wideft part as (hall be mod
   remote from the bottom of fuch ftill, (hall be to the altitude of fuch ftill afeertained in a perpendicular line from the centre of the diameter fo taken to the bottom of fuch ftill, in the proportion of not more than three to one; that is to fay, for every inch of fuch altitude, fuch diameter (hall not exceed three inches,
                                  4 £ 2         _                  and
     Go glc
 I
Digitiz
 1156 Anno regni auadragefitno quinto Georgii III. c. 104. [1S03.
     ■       and fo in proportion; and that the diameter of the bottom of"
              fuch Oil), to be taken in an horizontal line, (hall not be equal to the greateft diameter thereof taken as aforefaid, and (hall not be . •          lefs than three-fifths of fuch greateft diameter, nor (hall the
              bottom of any fuch ftill be otherwife curved than inwards or towards the body of fuch ftill.
 Defcription of V. And be it further enabled, That before any fuch licence ihlls required (ball be granted to any perfon to have, keep, or make ufe of any (halTbefeiit** or          ^ie Perf°n applying for the fame (hall tranfmit to
 to the com- t^ie commiffioners of excife in           a drawing or reprefen*
 miflioners of tation of each and every ftill for which fuch perfon (hall require •xcife.      a licence, fetting forth the number, content, fiiape, dimenfions,
 and proportions of fuch ftill, meafured and fpecified according to the directions of this adt, for their approbation ; and in -cafe fuch commiffioners (hall difapprove of any fuch ftill or ftills for not being conformable to fuch directions, or otherwife, it (hall and may be lawful for them, and they are hereby empowered to refufe granting a licence for the fame.
     VI. And be it further cnadted. That every perfon requiring the'prAy'fliall l*Cence a^° make out, fign, and deliver to the collector make out of the diftriCt, an account in writing, to be entered and regiftered account to he in the office of excife of the diftriCt in which fuch ftill or other entered in the utenfil for diftilling is to be kept or ufed, containing his, her, containmjt*' or ,^e’r namc or nanies, and place or places of abode ; and the the particulars place where the diftillery containing fuch ftill or other utenfil of his name, is or (hall be fituated, and the number of ftills, (till-heads, and worms, intended to be kept there, and the number of gallons which the body of each fuch (till is capable of containing, and alfo the number of gallons which each fuch ftill is capable of containing, together with the head thereof, and every other appendage thereto included ; and (hall alfo in like manner make out, fign, and deliver an account in writing, to be fo entered and regiftered as aforefaid, of all coppers, vats, keeves, backs, coolers, veflels, and other utenfils whatever, to be ufed in fuch diftillery, and alfo of the feveral ftores, apartments, and places wherein any part of the bufinefs of fuch diftillery is to be carried on, or wherein any materials for diftilling of fpirits, or any fpirits are to be kept or ftored ; and in fuch written account, the perfon making the fame (hall diftinguilh every fuch ftill, ftill-head, or worm, and alfo every fuch copper, vat, keeve, back, cooler, ve(Tel, and other utenfil, and alfo every fuch (tore, apartment, and place, by feparate numbers relating to each article, in arithmetical progreffion, beginning with number 1 j and upon every fuch ftill, ftill-head, or worm, and upon every fuch copper, vat, keeve, back, cooler, veflel, and utenfil, and alfo upon the outfide of the door of every fuch (lore, apartment, and place, (hall paint, or caufe to be painted, with oil colour in black or white, and (hall keep thereon fo painted, the number thereof refpedlively in conformity with fuch account; and that the furveyor of excife within whofe furvey fuch diftillery (hall be fituate, (hall at the bottom of every fuch
                                                                                                                   account.
 To obtain fuch licence,
 and the con tents of his ftills, coppers, and ftores, of which entry the collector (hall give a certificate.
 
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii IU.c. 104. 1157
 account, before the fame (hall be delivered to or received by the              ,
 collector, certify the truth of fuch account, by figning his name
 thereto, and thereupon the collector of excife of the diftridt (hall
 file or enter and regifter fuch account in the office of excife of
 the diftridi, and fhall grant a certificate of fuch account and
 regiftry, by giving a copy thereof figned by him; and fuch
 account and regiftry, and ev.ery fuch certificate thereof, fhall be
 evidence on any queftion that (hall or may arifc, or on any
 information in confequence of or touching any of the provifions
 of this adt.
    VII.  And be it further enadted, That before any fuch licence Oath and
 fhall be granted to any perfon'to keep any (till, fuch perfon fhall b°n<f P11^ take and fublcribe the oath following ; (that is to fayj,          icen cd*
 * T          A. B.of          diftiller, do make oath, that I will
    X not ufe, or fuffer to be ufed, any copper for diftilling or making any low wines, finglings, or fpirits, or for any other purpofe than boiling water for brewing pot-ale, or cleaning the veflels in my diftillery; and that I will not ufe, or fuffer to be ufed, any (till in making or diftillmg fpirits from wafh, low wines or finglings, other than the identical Hill and ftills by me previoufly entered and regiftered in the office of excife; and that I will not ufe or work, or fuffer to be ufed or worked, any ftiil in difiilling fpirits from wadi, low wines, or finglings, of which notice fhall have been given by me to difeontinue work, without having given fuch notices as are required by law, to be given of again commencing to work; and that I will not direclly or indiredlly he concerned in the redtifying or compounding of any fpirits during fuch time as I fhall be licenfed to difiil fpirits.                 So  help me GOD.*
 And fuch perfon fhall alfo, with two fufficient fureties, cntcr into a bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflurs, in a penalty after the rate of three pounds for each gallon of the content of each ftiil to be licenfed, the body and head inclufive, conditioned for the payment of all fuch fum and fums of money as fhall be chargeable by law on fuch perfons for the duties on fpirits or ftrong waters diflilled by fuph perfon, or with which fuch perfon fhall be charged under and by virtue of this act, or any other act or adls in force in Ireland, relating to fuch duties.
    VIII.  And be it further enadled, That every fuch licence to Licences (hall
 have, keep, or make ufe of any ftiil or ftills, (hall be figned by be figned by one or more of the faid commifiioncrs of inland excife in         , one commif-
 if the ftiil to be licenfed is fituated in any city, town, or borough, *^1ndCbynt^lrce8, fending a member to parliament; and by three of the faid com-eife.N here, and miflioners at leaft, if fuch ftiil be fituated in any other part of (hall be in
    Irelandj and fhall be of force from the date thereof, until the to 19th twenty-ninth day of September^ then next following, and no ^‘P1, yeai lpnger.
    IX.    And be it further enatfed, That no licence fhall he granted No ftiil to be
 for the keeping or ufing any ftiil, the body of which fhall pot be licenfed un-capablc of containing five hundred gallons kt the leaft;               *°°
    r- :      ..... ■                               -•     -     X.And
    Go g)e
 or revoke li cences.
 Licences to chymifts, apothecaries, tee.
1158 Anno regniquadragefimoquintoGEORcii III. c. 104. [1805.
 Commiflion- X. And be it further enaCted, That it (hall and may be lawful V?for faid commiflioners of inland excife, in their diferetion to refufe to grant any fuch licence to any perfon or perfons to keep a dill or dills; and alfo to withdraw any fuch licence in cafe any dill or dills for which fuch licence fhall be granted, (hall be removed to any place other than the place mentioned in fuch licence, or in cafe fuch perfon folicenfed fball have been convicted of any fraud or offence againd the laws, which fhall fubject fuch perfon to a penalty of twenty pounds or upwards; and it fhall and may alfo be lawful for fuch commiflioners of excife, to refufe to grant a licence taany perfon to keep any dill or dills in any dif-tillery which fhall have been occupied hy any perfon fo convicted.
               XI. And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful for any one of the laid commiflioners of excife, or any collector of excife within his diftrict, upon application for that purpofe, to grant, without any fee, a licence to any chymift, apothecary, or druggift, to keep or make ufe of one or more flill or dills of fuch dimenfions, not exceeding twelve gallons contenr, and no other, as fhall be fpecificd in fuch licence for diflilling medicinal compounds or cordials, or cordial or medical waters only; and that it fhall be lawful for the faid commiflioners of excife, or any three of them, to grant a licence to any fuch perfon or perfons as they fhall think proper, to keep or make ufe of one more dill or dills, at their diferetion, not exceeding twelve gallons content each, for the diddling of medical waters, or for making experiments and difeoveries in natural philofophy, and fuch licences (hall be in force until the twenty-ninth day of September next enfuing the date thereof refpeCtively : provided, that before any fuch licence fhall be granted, every chymid, apothecary, druggid, or other perfon applying for the fame, fhall, previous to the granting of fuch licence, enter into a bond to his Majefly, with one or more fureties, in the fu.11 of one hundred pounds conditioned that fuch chymid, apothecary, druggid, or other perfon, fhall not diftil ot fell any fpirits whatfoever other than and except medicinal compounds and cordial waters, nor lend or let out any fuch flill to any perlon whatfoever; and in cafe of any breach of the condition of fuch bond, fuch licence fhall, immediately after judgement had upon fuch bond, be null and void.
 Diftillera fhall XII. And be it further enacted. That no perfon liccnfcd as not be refti- a diftiller under'this aCt, fhall reCtify or compound any fpirits;
             and that it fhall not be lawful for the faid commiflioners of excife to grant any licence to rectify or compound fpirits to any fuch diftiller fo licenfed under this aCt, or to any perfon in truft or Penalty 10c/. for the account of fuch diftiller; and if fuch diftiller fhall reCtify &c.         or  compound  any fpirits, or fhall be direCtly or indireCtly
             concerned or engaged in the rectifying or compounding of fpirits, fuch diftiller fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and his or her licence to diftil fhall be and is hereby declared to be void.
 Diftiller fhall XIII. And be it further enaCted, That no diftiller (hall be not be li- licenfed to fell or deal in home-made fpirits not diftilled by fuch
                                                                                                          diftiller,
   
I
  I
  I
  I
  I
  i
  i
  i
  i
  i
  i
  i
  i
  i
    1805.] Anno rcgniquadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 104. 1159
 difliller, or to fell or deal in foreign fpirits on commiffion or cenfed as a otherwife; and that no diftiller fhall receive or deal in or fell*actor* any fpirits by commiflion or otherwife, except fuch fpirits as lhall have been diftilled in fome diftillery of fuch diftiller duly entered and licenfed according to this adl; and if any fuch Penalty 90/. diftiller (hall receive or fell or deal in any home-made or foreign fpirits by commiflion, or otherwife, contrary to this a<51, fuch diftiller fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.
    XIV.     And be it further enabled. That no diftiller fhall brew Diftiller* (halt or make any liquor from corn, malted or unmalted, other than not brew ale pot-ale, to be diftilled by him j and it fhall be lawful for any or beer. • officer of cxcife to charge all liquor made or brewed from corn,
 malted or unmalted, in the pofleflion of any diftiller, as pot-ale or wadi, for the purpofe of diftillint!, is by this a£l chargeable; and in cafe any pot-ale or liquor brewed or made from corn, malted or unmalted, fhall be found in the pofleflion of fuch diftiller, not duly declared by him, fuch diftiller fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, together with the fum of twenty fhillings for every nine gallons of fuch pot-ale or other liquor: provided always, that it fhall be lawful for every fuch diftiller to have in his dwelling-houfe a reafonable quantity of beer and ale for the ufc of himfelf and his family.      •                            •
    XV.      And be it further enabled, That if any diftiller fhall Penalty on have or keep or make ufe of any ftill, ftill-head, worm, copper, perfons hav-keeve, vat, cooler, back, or other veflel or utenfil whatever for ^utrnfil the making of or in diftilling of low wines. Anglings or fpirits, not regiit-red or for the brewing, making, or fermentingany wort, walh,or pot- and fji-ale, (wherewith to diftil low wines, Anglings, or fpirits) not fet feiture. forth or not numbered as fet forth, or in any other place than fhall
 be fet forth in the account by this act required to be made and delivered by fuch diftiller, and filed,^ntered, and regiftered as aforefaid, on requiring his licence; or if any diftiller fhall have, keep, or make ufe of any other ftill, ftill-head, worm, copper, keevc, vat, cooler, back, veflel, or other utenfil, than (hall have been fet forth in fuch account, entry, cr regiftry, without having given four days* notice in writing to the collector or other fuperior officer of the diftridt, and to the furveyor and gauger in charge of his or her diftillery, and without an account thereof being made out, figned, delivered, entered, and regiftered in manner aforefaid, fuch diftiller (hall forfeit for every fuch ftill, ftill-head, worm, copper, vat, keeve, back, cooler, veflel, or other utenfil, the fum of twenty pounds, and the fame lhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of excife.
    XVI.     And be it further enadled, That if any ftill or ftill-head, Stills, ftill-or worm of a ftill, fhall be found in the pofleflion of any perfon whomfoever (except a brazier, or perfon following the trade of be°fdted ^i/ making or repairing ftills) the fame fhall be forfeited, and may licence not be feized by any officer of excife, juftice of the peace, or peace* produced,and officer, or by any licenfed diftiller, unlefs a licence to the perfon
 in whofe pofleflion the fame (hall be found for keeping fuch ftill, forfeited t ftill-head, or worm, (hall be produced, and delivered to be read
                                                           at
   
 n6o Annoregni quadragcfimoquinto Georgii III.c. 104. [1805.
except ftilli
conveying by permits.
 Notice of feizure by iuttice of pe*ce, &c. fhall be given to collector.
 at the time when fuch officer of excife, judice of the peace, peace-officer,or licenfed didiller^ fhall find fuch dill, dill-head, or worm; and every perfon in whofe pofleffion any fuch dill, dill-head, or worm, (hall be found, without fuch licence being fo produced, (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for each fuch dill, dilf-head, or worm refpedtivcly, and all other ved'ds and utenfils for d'dilling, or commonly made ufe of in the procefs of diftillation ; and alt fpirits, low wines. Anglings, wad), pot-ale, malt or corn, and all materials for making fpirits, found in the podtfAon of any fuch perfon as aforefaid, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized in manner aforefaid, and fuch vedelsor utenfils may be dedroyed, and fuch wadi or pot-ale may be fpilled, or oiherwife difpofed of, as herein-after mentioned: provided always, that if any-dill, ftil'-head, or worm, fltall be found upon the road conveying by a proper permit to any didiller duly licenfed, or from fuch didiller to any brazier or maker or mender of dills duly licenfed, or from fuch didiller to any excife office, it (hall not be forfeited or feizable as aforefaid, nor {hall the perfon conveying the fame be liable to any penalty on account thereof.
    XVII.      Provided always, and be it enabled, That in cafe any fuch feizure as lad aforefaid (hall be made by any judice of the peace, peace-officer, or licenfed didiller, by virtue of this a<51, fuch judice of the peace, peace-officer, or licenfed didiller, fhall, within fix days .after fuch feizure, give notice thereof in writing to the colle£lor of the didridt, or to the next refident officer of excife, who {hall take into his cudody, and fccure the matters and things fo feized, in like manner as if the fame had been
 Articles feized may be fold to a licenfed diilillcr.
 Difference of dijmeter in neck of dills kept by the fame perfon. Penalty ao/.
 feized by him.
   XVIII.       Provided always, and be it enabled, That in all cafes of fuch feizure it fhall and may be lawful for the officer of excife who (hall have feized any fucli articles, or in whofe cudody the fame {hall be, to fell all pot-ale, wa(h, Anglings, or low wines, fo feized, to any licenfetrdiftiiler, provided the fum to be paid for the fame (hall amount to a fum not lefs than the duty chargeable on the fpirits which by lnw ought to be produced from fuch wafli, pot-ale, Anglings, or low wines refpedlively; and in cafe fuch walh, pot-ale. Anglings, or low wines, fhall be fo fold, the purchaser thereof (hall pay to the collector of the didridl in which he fhall refide, the duty chargeable on the fpirits which by law ought to be produced from fuch wad), pot-ale, Anglings, or low wines, and he fhall pay the remaining part of the purchafe-money of fuch wa(h, pot-ale. Anglings, or low wines (if any) to the officer who (hill have fold the fame.
   XIX.       And be it further ena&ed, That no perfon ufmg or keeping more than one dill (not being a brazier, or perfon following the profeffion of making or repairing dills) diall have, keep, or nfe any dills, the diameter of the neck of any one of which, taken at the bottom of fuch neck, fhall not be two inches wider or narrower at the lead than the diameter of the neck I’o taken of any other dill or dills kept or ufed by him, fo as that all the dills kept by fuch perfon (hall differ in the diameter of the neck by the breadth of at lead two inches from each
                                                                                                                                 other.

    1805 ] Annotrgni quadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. c. 104. 1161 '
    other, under pain of forfeiting the fum of twenty pounds and all or either of fuch ftills.
      XX.       And be it further ena&ed. That no diftiller (hall keep, Diftiller* (half or have any greater number of worms of ftills than the number ^eeP no more of ftills which he or (he (hall have been licenfed*' to keep, nor ftnis'^PcnaUy (hall ufe in diftilling of fpirits any greater number of worms ao/. *
    than one worm with any one ftill, without the confent of three of the faid commiftioners of excife fir ft obtained in writing under their bands for that purpofe; and if any greater number of worms of ftills (hall be found in the diftillery of or in any* other place belonging to or occupied by any diftiller, than the number of ftills which fuch diftiller fhall be licenfed or allowed as aforefaid- to keep, every fuch worm of a ftill fo found, and alfo every ftill with which more than one worm fhall be ufed, or to which there (hall be more than one arm, fhall be forfeited and may be feized, and the diftiller in whofe poftelHon any fuch worm or worms, or ftill, (hall be found,
    (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds.
      XXI. And be it further enabled. That if any diftiller (hall Penalty on ufe any copper in his diftillery for any other purpofe than ufi,^HcopI>.5y8 boiling or warming water, every fuch copper lhall be forfeited, as 1
    and fuch diftiller (hall alfo forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds; and if any apparatus (hall be found in the jtoffeflion or in the if apparatus diftillery of any diftiller, which might render fuch copper or found, ao coppers capable of being ufed in diftillation, fuch diftiller (hall • forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.
      XXII.       And be it further enabled. That every diftiller (hall Diftiller* (ball fet every ftill ufed or kept by him in brick or ftone with mortar, ftjlls, and and (hall from time to time provide fuch faftenings or locks and anykeys.00** keys to the head and cocks of the ftills, and to the furnace-door Penalty ac/. thereof, and (hall keep the fame in good and fufficient order,
    in fuch manner as (hall be approved of by the furveyor of excife in charge of fuch diftillery, or (hall pay for fuch faftenings, locks, and keys, as (hall be provided by fuch furveyor; and if any fuch diftiller (hall ufe or keep any ftill not fo fet in brick or ftone, or (hall negledt to provide, repair, or pay for fuch faftenings, locks, and keys, within fuch time as (hall be required by ** fuch furveyor, every fuch diftiller (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch offence.
      XXIII.    And be it further ena&ed, That if any diftiller (hall Dimenfionsof
  ' make ufe of or keep in any diftillery, any copper or vcffel for              *(haU
    warming or boiling water for brewing por-ale, the diameter beftt. Penalty
    whereof at the mouth fhall be lefs than the diameu’r thereof in ao/.
    any other part of fuch copper or veftel, or (hall have or keep
    any fuch copper or other veftel fet or placed in any manner
    other than in fuch (ituation as that the ftill, or place where fuch
    ftill (hall be fet or (hall (land, (hall be in a diredt line between
    the place where fuch copper or other veftel (hall be fet or (land,
    and the place where the worm tub (hall be fet or (hall (land,
    (every fuch copper or veftel (hall be forfeited, and may be feized ; and the diftiller in whofe diftillery any fuch copper or veftel
                                                                    (hall
    
 1162 Anno regniquadragcfimoquintoGsoRGii III.c. 104. [T805.
            fhall be found fet or placed in any fituation other than as aforefaid, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for each fuch offence.
 How coolers XXIV. And he it further enpfted, That if any diftiller
 tened^andac. 'n any diftillery ™ake ufe of any cooler which (hall not be
 commoaated
 to the ufe of officers. Penalty io/.
               fcrcwed down or otherwife fattened to beams firmly fixed at both ends in the walls of the building, or in fome other firm and fubftantial manner, or (hall alter the level or dipping place of any cooler or back in fuch diftillery, or the beams that fupport the fame, after it (hall have been fo fixed as aforefaid, or (hall fuffer the fame to be altered without having previoufly given four days* notice thereof to the furveyor or gauger in charge of fuch diftillery; or if fuch diftiller (hall ufe any cooler, through or acrofs the centre of which there fhall not be erefted, and conftantly kept fixed lengthways, from one end to the other, a firm frame or (tage of wood, at lead eighteen inches in breadth, and of thicknefs fufficient to prevent the fame from bending, wherefrom the officer of excife may gauge the liquor in fuch cooler, or if there (hall not be a firm hand-rail of the length of fuch (tage, conveniently placed in refpeft thereto, every diftiller fo offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.
                  XXV. And be it further enabled, That no diftiller fhall have, keep, or make ufe of any back, cooler, or other veffel in the diftillery of fuch diftiller, for fermenting any wort, wafh, or por ale, or for containing any low wines or finglings, which fhall be of lefs content than the full charge of the ftill, or (if there fhall be more than one ftill) of the largeft ftill in fuch diftillery ; and if any fuch back, cooler, or other veffel, fhall be found in the diftillery of any diftiller, which fhall be of a lefs content than aforefaid, fuch back, cooler, or other vellcl (hall be forfeited, and may be feizefl, and fuch diftiller (hall for every fuch veffel forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.
 —................. XXVI.   Provided  always,  and  be it enafted, That if at the
 di*ilteri to°W l'me        Pa®n8 °f this aft, any diftiller (hall not be provided
 ufe their pre- w**h backs, coolers, veffels, or calks, according to the relent veflcls gulations of this a ft, it (hall and may be lawful for the com-ur.til they can miffioners of cxcife, by order under the hands of any three of
 Contents of the feverd backs, and other veflcls in each dif. tillery, (hall be regulated by the fire of the (tills. Penalty 30/.
 Comtniffion-
 provide
 others.
             them, to allow fuch diftiller to ufe the backs, coolers, veffels, or calks in his poffcffion, for fuch time as fuch commiffioncrs (hall think neceffary, or until fuch diftiller (hall have provided himfeif with veffels or calks of the proper dimenfions, according to the regulations of this aft.
               XXVII. And be it further enafted, That every diftiller (hall keep all fpirits diffilled, and all wafh, pot-ale, finglings, and low wine?, in the diftillery of fuch diftiller, or in fome (lore or (lores in or adjoining to fuch diftillery, regiftered in manner herein-befpre mentioned ; and all fpirits, waft), pot-ale, finglings, pergahon, &c. or jow wines, which (hall be found in any (lore or (lores not fo regiftered, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized, and the diftiller or diftillers to whom the fame (hall belong (hall for every gallon y                         '                      '                       Of
 Spirits, &C. fhall be kept in ftores in or adioining to the diftillery. Pena»ty 20J
G<x gle
 I
m 1805.] Annoregni quadragcfimoquinto Georgii IIL c. 104. 1163
   of fuch fpirits, and for every nine gallons of wafh or pot-ale, and for every three gallons of Anglings and low wines, forfeit ■ the fum of twenty (hillings.
     XXVIII.    And be it further enaded, That all fpirits ftored Calks con-
   in the ftore or diftillery of any diftiller (hall be kept in calks ^^allnotbc11* the content of not lefs than one hundred gallons each; and ifoMcfscontcnt any calk Ihall be found in any fuch ftore or diftillery containing than 100 gal-fpirits which Ihall be of a lets content, fuch diftiller Ihall forfeit Ions. Penahy the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch calk.                    ao'*
     XXIX.      And be it further enaded, That it Ihall and may be Officers tin-
   lawful for any officer of excife at all times, as well by night as powered to by day, to enter into every houfe, diftillery, ftill-houfe, out-*nt.er       •
   houfe, ftore, and place whatfoever, of or belonging to or made accounts/3 C ufe of by any diftiller in Ireland, and to gauge, meafure, and
   take an account of every ftill, ftill-head, copper, keeve, vat, cooler, back or other veflel or utenfil, of or belonging to or kept by any fuch diftiller, and to gauge and take an account of all fpirits which (hall be from time to time made and diftilled, and of all malt and corn, and of all worts, waft), pot-ale, Anglings, low wines, and materials whatfoever for making or distilling fpirits, which Ihall be from time to time made ufe of by fuch diftiller, and of all fuch fpirits and materials for making or diftilling of fpirits, as Ihall be in any houfe, diftillery, ftore, or place belonging to fuch diftiller, and to make returns thereof in manner herein-after mentioned.
     XXX.        And be it further enabled. That if any officer of excife, Penalty on or his affiftants, Ihall be hindered, obftruded, or prevented by
   any diftiller, or by any fervant or perfon adtmg in the employ- ciVe officers ment of fuch diftiller, from entering into any diftillery, or any ao/. houfe, outhoufe, ftore, or other place whatfoever of fuch diftiller, , or if any fuch officer or his affiftants, having entered, (hall be hindered, obftruded, or prevented by fuch diftiller, or by any fervant or perfon ading in the employment of fuch diftiller, from gauging any vefiels, or taking any account of the (lock of malt, corn, or fpirits of fuch diftiller, or of any liquor or ingredients preparing for or ufed, or ready to be ufed in diftilling in fuch diftillery, or from feeing the whole procefs of diftilling completely finiftted, or from taking an account of the liquors diftilled, or in procefs of diftilling, or from doing any part of his duty in the execution of this ad, or of any other ad which may be in force refpeding diftilleries, fuch diftiller Ihall for every fuch offence refpedively forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.
     XXXI.        And be it further enaded. That every diftiller Ihall Calks Ihall be place and keep all calks and veffds in which any fpirits Ihall be placed pro-ftored or kept, or which (hall be made ufe of in diftilling, in convenient Atuations, with their dipping-place uppermoft, and {^nahy *20/. eafy of accefs, in fuch manner as any officer of excife in charge
   of the diftillery Ihall’ reafonably dired, for the more readily and effedually taking the gauge thereof, or in default thereof every fuch diftiller fhall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for each calk or veflel not fo placed.
                                                     XXXII.    And
  I
Go
gie
 Penalty on refufing ad-miflTion to officer iocV.
 1164 Anno regni quadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. c. 104. [1805. Djftiller fhall XXXII. And be it further ena<51ed, That if any diftiller, on with* ladder^ ^eman<^     any °fficer of excife made at the diftillery of fuch
 and lights. diftiller, (hail not furnifh or caufe to be furnifhed a ftrong and Penalty 10/. fafe ladder, with fteps four indies broad at the leaft, or lhall not have provided an hand-rail, or a rope in the nature of an handrail, conveniently placed with refped to fuch ladder, of length fufficient to enable fuch officer to afeend to any cooler in fuch diftillery, or (hall not fix fuch ladder at the dipping-place of any fuch cooler, or at any other part thereof where fuch officer fhall require, or fliall on any viftt made by any officer of excife, negle<fl . or refufe to fupply every fuch officer, on demand, with fufficient lights for the purpofe of fearcliing and gauging all the flock on hand belonging to fuch diftiller, as well by day as by night, every diftiller fo offending in any of the cafes aforcfaid, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds.
                 XXXIII.       And be it further enaded, That in cafe any officer of excife fhall not be admitted into any diftillery, after having demanded the fame, and declared his name and buftnefs, and after having waited for the fpace of half an hour after fuch demand made at the lioufe of the diftiller, or the gate or entrance door, or any window of the diftillery of fuch diftiller, fuch diftiller fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.
                 XXXIV.                                And whereas dijliders frequently have ufeof places
                                                           adjoining their own houfes or dijlilleries, for the purpofe of clande'limly
                      brewing, dijl tilings or concealing their , , finglings, law
                    wines, orfpirits ; for remedy whereof be it further enaded, That if the owner or occupier of any houfe, ftore, or other place adjoining to or in the neighbourhood of the dwelling-dioufe or admit"officers diftillery of any diftiller, or if any fervant of the owner or tofearchfor occupier of any fuch houfe or place, fhall not, on demand of any officer of excife made in the day-time, admit fuch officer of excife, or fhall not allow him to enter and fearch fuch houfe, ftore, or place, for wafh, pot-ale, finglings, low wines, or fpirits, fuch occupier of fuch houfe, ftore, or other place, fhall in every fuch cafe forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.
                 XXXV.       And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon fhall attend or appear in fuch houfe, ftore, or place as aforefaid, to give entrance to fuch officer, it fhall be lawful in the day-time for fuch officer and his affiftants, or in the night-time for fuch officer and his affiftants, in the prefence of a conftable or other peace-officer, who is hereby authorifed and required to be aiding and affifting therein, to break open and enter fuch houfe, ftore, or place, and make fearch therein for any wafh, pot-ale, finglings, low wines, or fpirits, which fuch officer may have reafonable or probable caufe to fufpeft to be fraudulently concealed therein : provided always, that if upon fearch no fuch vrafh, pot-ale, finglings, low wines, or fpirits, (hall be found, fuch officer fhall repair all the damages done, or make reafonable fatisfa£lion for the fame to the owner or occupier of fuch houfe, ftore, or place.
                                                                                                            XXXVI. And
 Owners of
 adjoining houff 6 fhall
 fpirits. Penalty jo A
 If no perfon appears to give entrance to officers, the houfe may be broken open.

    :
 Digitiz
Go gle
 i
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 104. 1165
    XXXVI.         And be it further enabled. That if thehoufe, (lore, Officer may or place broken open, and entered, fhall communicate with the enter diftillery diftillery of any diftiiler, or any part of the premifes thereunto i^ houfei!1" belonging, and if fuch diftiiler, or fome perfon on his behalf (hall
 •not on demand made, give entrance into fuch diftillery to any officer requiring the fame, every fuch'diftiller fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.
    XXXVII.     And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful Officers may
 for any officer of excife to vifit in the day-time any (ugar-houfe ***** f‘*gar-in         Ireland, belonging to any fugar-baker, and there to take ltodcv
 an account of all melafles-wafh, and fugar-wafh, and upon
 any decreafe afterwards found therein, fuch fugar-bakcr fhall forfeit a fum equal to the duty which would be payable by dif-tillers upon fpirits diftilled from fuch wafh, unlefs due proof fhall be made that the fame had been fold to a licenfed diftiiler, or otherwife difpofed of in the bulinefs.of a fugar-baker ; and all Wafh at fugar fugar-wafli, and mdaffes-wafh, found at any fugar-baker’s twenty- bakers not four hours after it fhall be taken from the cittern, and not LecJaI?<?’ declared to the officer of excife, fhall be forfeited and may be e or euc feized.
    XXXVIII.     And be it further enadted, That if any officer of Pacers tak-
 cuftoms or excife in Ireland, fhall diredlly or indiredMv afk, take, bribes.de-...                        .           J     „ jjc, clared guilty
 or receive any bribe, gratuity, recompence, 6r reward,- for the 0f mifde-
 negledt or non-performance of his duty under this adt, every meaner.
 fuch officer fo offending (hall be deemed and taken to be guilty
 of a rnifdemeanor, and fuch officer fhall and may be indidted for
 fuch offence either at the affizes or quarter-feffions held in the
 county in which fuch offence fhall be committed; and in cafe any
 indictment fhall.be found at fuch affixes or quarter-feffions againft
 fuch officer, he fhall plead thereto, without having time to
 traverfe the fame; and it (hall be lawful for the court before whom
 fuch officer fhall be tried and convidted, to inflidt fuch punifh-
 roent on fuch officer as may by the laws and ftatutes in
 force in Ireland be indicted on perfons guilty of mifdemeanors,
 and fuch officer fo convidted fhall thenceforth be incapable of
 holding any office or employment whatfoever, civil or military,
 under his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or under any authority
 derived from his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors.                         '
    XXX.       And be it further enadted, That if any diftiiler fhall Diftillers flnH have or keep, or permit or fuffer to be kept, any fire under any rot diftil on ftill or copper in his diftillery, or if .any ftill or copper in fuch pgnj*tyS,2 diftillery fhall be found to contain any worts, wafh, Anglings, or y pot-ale, between the hour of twelve at night of any            ,
 and the hour of one in the morning of the next fucceeding     ,
 fuch diftiiler fhall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds; and all worts, wafh, pot-ale, finglings, or low wines, fo found in any fuch ftill or copper, fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any officer of excife.
    XL. And be it further enadted. That every diftiiler fhall, Diftillers fhall before commencing to brew any worts, wafh, or pot-ale, and8*ve.not,ce alfo before commencing to work any ftill or ftills in any year,oftime of ....                                  _                      and
       Co gle
1166 Annoregni quadragefimoquinto Georgii TIT. c. 104. [1805.
 brewing and diftilling. Penalty tool.
Diflillers (hall commence on a Monday.
Mode of dif-continuing working of diftiller on notice at the end of the firft eight weeks, or at the end of any fubfe-quent period of four weeks.
 Officers (hall fecure (till, or on failure the diftiller fhall be charged as for a working ltill.
 and fo in like manner before he or (he {hall recommence fo to I work any ftill, after any difcontinuance thereof in fuch year, give ] fix days* notice in writing to the colle&or of the diftrift, and to ' the furveyor and gauger in charge of the diftillery of fuch diftiller, fetting forth the day and hour when fuch diftiller intends to commence fo to brew or to work any ftill refpe&ively, or to re- 1 commence fo to work any ftill as is herein-after provided ; and 1 any diftiller who fhall brew any worts, wafh, or pot-ale, or who fhall work any ftill or ftills without having given fuch refpe&ive , notices, fhall for each fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of ‘ two hundred pounds.
   XLI. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That no other day than Monday, fhall be mentioned in any fuch notice for commencing or recommencing to work a ftill, and that no diftiller fhall commence or recommence to work any ftill in purfuance of any fuch notice except on a       and that every
 fuch ftill fhall be prefumed to be kept regularly in work from the day mentioned in fuch notice for the commencing or recommencing to work fuch ftill, until the working thereof fhall be dif- • continued in manner herein-after mentioned; that is to fay: Every fuch diftiller may from time to time difeontinue the working of any fuch ftill, on giving a notice in writing of fuch intention to difeontinue fuch working, to the colle£lor of the diftridl, and to the furveyor and gauger in charge of the diftillery, fix days at the leaft previous to the day mentioned therein for difeontinuing the fame, requiring by fuch notice, that the ftill or ftills, the working of which is fo intended to be difeontinued, may be locked on the day expreffed in fuch notice: provided always, that no other | day than Saturday be mentioned in any fuch notice for difeontinuing to work any ftill or ftills, and that fuch Saturday (hall be the clofe of a period of weeks in the year, whereof the common divifor or aliquot part fhall be four, and fhall be not lefs than eight weeks diftant from the time of commencing to svork fuch ftill in any year, nor lefs than four weeks diftant from the time of recommencing to work the fame after any difcontinuance in fuch year.
   XL11. And be it further enadled, That at the time fpecified in any fuch notice of difcontinuance, it fhall and may be lawful for any excife officer in charge of fuch diftillery, and he is hereby required to ftrap down and fatten the head of every fuch ftill, the working of which is fo intended to be difeontinued, by locking the fame, and to lock the door of the furnace-grate, and to flop and lock the difcharging-cock or pipe of any fuch ftill; and if fuch officer be prevented from fo doing by any perfon at fuch diftillery, or in confequence of the diftillery being locked, and no perfon appearing to give entrance to fuch officer or otherwife, or if any iuch ftill fhall in any event not be locked in manner hereby directed, fuch diftiller fhall continue to be charged with, and pay duty, as if he had not given fuch notice of difcontinuance as aforefaid; and fuch notice fhall be deemed void and of no | effett*
Go
XLIII. And
 1805.] Annoregniquadragefimoquinto Geqrgii III.c.104. 1167
   XLIII. And be it further enabled, That if at any time Penalty on fubfequent to twenty-four hours after any ftill (hall have been Rafter locked, or by any of the provifions of this adt ought to have d,fc^,tinu-been locked, or after the time mentioned in fuch notice as ance tool, aforefaid of difeontinuing the working of fuch ftill, fuch ftill, or the works in which it is fet, (hall be found warm, the diftiller or diftillers in whofe pofleflion the fame (hall be fo found (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.
   XLIV. And be it further enadled. That if any diftiller who Notice of re-(hall have difeontinued the working of any ftill in manner aforefaid, fhall intend to fet at work again fuch ftill fo difeon-   W0
 tinued, fuch diftiller (hall deliver a notice in writing of fuch his intention to the colle&or of the diftridt, and to the (urveyor and gauger in charge of the difttllery of fuch diftiller fix days at leaft before the day on which fuch diftiller (hall intend to recommence the working of fuch ftill, fpecifying the day, agreeable to the provifions of this atft, and the hour, on wh^h he intends fo to recommence working fuch ftill (which day (hall be a      Monday, and (hall not be lefs than four weeks diftant from
 the time of the laft difcontinuance of the working of fuch ftill) and one of fuch officers to whom fuch notice (hall be given (hall attend, and open the locks and faftenings of fuch ftill accordingly, and (hall charge fuch diftiller with duty as herein provided from the day mentioned in the notice tor the recommencement of the working of fuch ftill.
   XLv. And be it further enaifted. That in all cafes where any Diftiller on perfoq (hall, at the expiration of any licence granted under this£lf{iori*inil,nS a«ft, difeontinue the trade and bulinefsof a diftiller, or (hall at any exphationof time during the continuance of his licence difeontinue working his licence, for the remainder of any year in manner hercin-after mentioned, IhaH remove fuch perfon (hall, within feven days after the expiration of fuch bis itii.s. licence, or after fo difeontinuing to work, caufe the works, in which any and every ftill in the diftillery of fuch diftiller were Penalty 10c/. fet, to be taken down, and (hall difplace and remove any and every fuch ftill and ftills, and (hall alfo difplace and remove clear out of the worm-tub the worm belonging to any and every fuch ftill refpeclively; and (hall, within feven days then next following, fend or convey any and every fuch ftill, and the heads and worms belonging to the fame refpeftively, to the excife office of the diftri& in which fuch diftillery (hall be fituate, there to be kept for twelve calendar months, unlefs the fame (hall v/ithirt the faid twelve calendar months, be redelivered to the proprietor thereof on his being licenfed under this act, or (hall be difpofed of by fuch proprietor to fome licenfed diftiller, which it (hall be lawful for fuch proprietor to do; and in cafe any fuch ftill, or head or worm of a ftill, (hall remain at the faid excife office for the fpace of more than twelve calender months, it (hall be lawful for the colle&or of the diftridt to break up and render ufelefs any and every fuch ftill, ftill-heac!, and worm, and to caufe the materials thereof to be fold ; and the produce thereof, after deducting all expences of filch fale, and a reafonable fum for the warehouse room for the fame during the faid twelve months, (hall be paid
                                                            by
     Co gle
 Mode of charging dif-tiller on decreafe of wafh or finglings from corn, or on charge of ftill therewith.
 )
ii4S Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgn III. c. 104. [1805.
             by fuch collector to the proprietor thereof; and in cafe any ftill, ftill-hcad, or worm, fhalt be found in tl»c diftillery, or in any other place in the occupation of any perfon who fhall have fo difeontinued the bufinefs of a diftiller, at any time after the end ‘of fourteen days after the expiration or determina-•       lion of any licence to fuch diftiller, every fuch ftill, ftill-head,
and worm, fhall be forfeited, and may be feized, and the perfon in whofe pofieffion the fame fhall be found fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.
   XLVI. And be it further enabled. That during the continuance of this act, the officer of excife keeping an account of wa(h, pot-ale, low wines, or finglings, in any diftillery,fhall charge the diftiller upon any decreafe of wafh, pot-ale, low yvines, or finglings, produced from corn, for a quantity of Ipirits, after the rate of one gallon of fpirits fpr every nine gallons of wafh or pot-ale, and of one gallon of fpirits for every three gallons of finglings or lo.w wines fo decreafed; and wheq and as often as any ftill in fuch diftillery fhall be charged with fuch wafh, pot-ale, low wines, or finglings refpectively, fuch officer fhall charge the diftiller for a quantity of fpirits after the like rate, according to the content of fuch ftill, eftimated as herein-before mentioned: and on any decreafe of any wafh or low wines produced from fugar, melafTes, or decayed wines, fuch officer fhall charge the diftiller for a quantity of fpirits after the rate of one gallon of fpirits for every fix gallons of wafh, and one gallon of fpirits for every,two gallons of low wines fo decreafed; and when and as often as any ftill in fuch diftillery fhall be charged with any fuch laft-mentioned wafh or low wines refpectively, fuch officer fhall charge the diftiller for a quantity of fpirits after the like rate, according to the content of fuch ftill, as aforefaid; deducing from fuch content in all cafes one-twelfth part thereof for liberty for fuch ftill to work: and fuch officer fhall make a return of the quantities of fpirits, and of the duties thereon accordingly, and fuch diftiller fhall pay the duty fo charged and returned.
                 XLVII. And be it further enabled, That if any decreafe fhall at any time during the continuance of this act appear or be found by any officer of excife, in any worr, wafh, pot-ale, low wines, or finglings, in the diftillery of any diftiller, more than or beyond the proportion of decreafe juftified by the charges of the ftill or ftills in fuch diftillery, according to the directions of this act, fuch diftiller fhall be and is hereby charged with double duty for fuch quantity of fpirits as might be produced according to the rate before mentioned, from fo much wort, wafh, pot-ale, low wines, or finglings, as fhallexceed fuch proportion of decreafe refpectively, and the furveyor and gauger in charge of fuch diftillery is and are hereby required in fuch cafe to make fuch charge, and return the fame the collector of the diftrict accordingly.
   XLVI1I. And be it further enacted, That notwithftanding any difcontinuance of working, under the provifions hereinbefore mentioned, every diftiller fhall, during the continuance
                                                                                                                          of
 Double duty (hall be charged on every difpro-portion ate decreafe of wafh.
 Diftiller fhall be liable to duty on fpirita ac-
 Digitizc
  Go <gle
 5
 r
 If
 I
 *
 P
 t
  1805.] Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 104. 1169
  of this a£t, and during the continuance of his licence in each cording to a year, be charged with and fhhll pay duty for a quantity of fpirits crrtam num-in refpcdl of each and every ftill belonging to fuch diftiller, chjnge^of* according to the content thereof, and according to a certain low wined number of charges of finglings or,low wines for each fuch ftill, in each Rill, and according to a certain number of working weeks and days, as herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay) : Every fuch diftiller fog^eeks in (hall be charged for each and every fuch ftill for not lefs than each year ; thirty-two working weeks or one hundred and ninety-two via. working days during the continuance of fuch licence; and that for every four working weeks or-twenty-four working days, while any fuch ftill (hall continue or be prefumed to continue working, or (hall be chargeable as working under this aft, fuels diftiller (hall be charged with and (hall pay duty for fuch quantity of fpirits as might be produced (according to the rate hereinbefore mentioned) from the feveral numbers of charges of Anglings or low wines herein-after feverally fet forth, for and in refpeft of each and every ftill, being of the feveral contents following ; that is to fay :
    From fifty charges of low wipes or finglings, for every ftill For ftill* un-under feven hundred and fifty gallons content, and not lefs than .<ier 7 s° gal-five hundred gallons content:                                    charges;
    From fort)-cight fuch charges, for every ftill under one under i.’ooo, thoufand gallons content, and not lets than (even hundred and 48 charges) fifty gallons content:
    From forty-four .fuch charges, for every ftill tinder one under 1,450, thoufand two hundred and fifty gallons content, and not lefs +4 charge*; than one thoufand gallons content:
    From forty-two fuch charges, for every ftill under one under 1.500, thoufand five hundred gallons content, and not lefs than one ♦* charges; thoufand two hundred and fifty gallons content:
    From forty fuch charges, for every ftill under one thoufand under 1.750* feven hundred and fifty gallons content, and not Jels than one 4® charges; thoufand five hundred gallons contenr.
    From thirty-nine fuch charges, for every ftill under two under thoufand gallons content, and not lefs than one thoufand feven 39 charges; hundred and fifty gallons content:
    From thirty-eight fuch charges, for every ftill under two under 2.150, thoufand two hundred and fifty gallons content, and not lefs 3& charges; than two thoufand gallons content:
    From thirty-feven fuch charges, for every ftill under two under2,500, thoufand five hundred gallons content, and no’t lefs than two 37 charges* thoufand two hundred and fifty gallons content:
    From thirty-fix fuch charges, for every ftill under two thoufand under 4.750, feven hundred and fifty gallons content, and not lefs than two 36 charges; thoufand five hundred gallons content:
    From thirty-five fuch charges, for every ftill under three under 3.000, thoufand gallons content, and not lefs than two thoufand feven 35 charges; hundred and fifty gallons content:
    From thirty-three fuch charges, for every ftill of three thoufand of 3,000, t/c. gallons content or upwards :                                     33 charges.
    Voi. XLV. ,                   4 F                          And
    
                                                                                                  0
Digitizei
 Officer (hall make return accordingly every 4th week, and diftiller pay duty accord* ingly.
 Penalty sol.
1170 Annoregni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 104 [1805.
            And that every diftiller (halt*, over and above the refpedtive quantities aforefaid, be charged with and pay duty for as much more fpirits as might be produced, according to the'rate hereinbefore mentioned, from all pot-ale, wafh, low wines, or finglings, which fuch diftiller (hall actually aiftil within every fuch period of four working weeks, or twenty-four working days: and the furveyoror gauger in charge of any diftillery, (hall, in his return to the collector of the diftriS for the laft week of the firft period of four working weeks or twenty-four working days next after the day mentioned in any notice for the commencement or recommencement of the working of any flail, in manner directed by this a&, and fo in like manner in his return for the laft \Veek of every other or fubfequent period of four working weeks, or twenty-four working days, while fuch (kill (hall continue or be prefumed to continue working, or (hall be chargeable as working under this a£l, make a return and charge upon fuch diftiller of fuch quantities of fpirits, and the duties thereon, as, with the quantities comprifed in the returns of fpirits diftilled by fuch diftiller during the three preceding weeks, (hall amount to the full quantity of fpirits for which fuch diftiller is hereby chargeable with duty for fuch period of four working weeks, or twenty-four working days ; and aifo of fuch further quantity of fpirits as might be produced according to the rate herein before-mentioned, from all pot-ale, wafh, low wines, or (anglings, whicii fuch diftiller (hall a&ually diftil within fuch week, and fuch diftiller (hall pay the duty appearing by fuch return and charge to have become due and payable, within feven days after fuch return and charge (hall have been made, or (hail for every default forfeit twenty pounds, together with a fum equal to double the duty fo returned and charged.   •
     XLIX. And be it further enadted. That in cafe the quantity of fpirits charged upon any diftiller in any year, ending on the twenty-ninth day of Septemb, (hall not amount to the full complete the qauntity of fpirits for which fuch diftiller is by this adt chargeable amount of with duty within fuch year, being for the period of thirty-two fpirits charge- WOrking weeks, or one hundred and ninety-two working days, year/esclu- accorfling t(> the rates aforefaid, (exclufive of all fpirits made, or duty charged in any return for any period of four working weeks, for any additional quantity which might have been produced in fuch period according to the rates herein-before mentioned, from all wafh, pot-ale, low wines, or finglings, which fuch diftiller (hall have a&ually diftilled within fuch period), the furveyor or gauger in charge of the diftillery of fuch diftiller (hall within twenty days after fuch twenty-ninth day of            ,
  make a return to the colledlor of the diftridt in which fuch diftillery (hall be fituate, of fuch quantities of fpirits, and of the duties thereon, as, with the quantities comprifed in former returns of fpirits againft fuch diftiller within the year ending on fuch twenty-ninth day of       , (exclufive of fuch additional
  quantities as aforefaid) (hall amount to the full quantity of fpirits for which fuch diftiller is by this a£t made chargeable with duty for the period of thirty-two working weeks, or one hundred and
                            ^                    ninety-two
 Officers in each year (hail make return to
 five of any furplus in monthly charge.
 Go gle
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii 111. c. 104. ir^i
 ninety-two working days in fuch year, according to the rates               j
 aforefaid (exclufive of fuch additional quantities as aforefaid) j
 and fuch return fhall be a charge on fuch diftiller, who
 fhal) pay the duty appearing by fuch return to have become *               *
 due and payable within feven days after fuch return (hall have
 been made, or fhall for every default forfeit twenty pounds,
 together with a fum equal to double the duty fo returned and
 charged : provided always, that if any diftiller fhall be deftrous Commif-
 of obtaining a licence for any ftill or ftills at any time between fioners nn*
 the firft day of Novemberin any year, and the twenty-ninth day 0f
 September in the fucceeding year, it fhall and may be lawful for      where"
 the commiftioners of excife to reduce the quantity of fpirits for a ftill isfrt up
 which fuch diftiller is by this a£l chargeable with duty for and in the coutf*
 in refpeft of fuch ftill or ftills, during the continuance of fuch °fanY
 licence to fuch quantity of fpirits as may reafonably be diftilled
 in fuch ftill or ftills between the time that fuch licence (hall be
 fo granted, and the twenty-ninth day of September then next
 enfuirfg; provided that fuch reduction (ha'l be in the proportion
 to the part of the year which fhall have elapfed from the
 twenty-ninth day of September preceding the taking out fuch
 licence, to the time of the taking out the fame as thirty-
 two weeks is to fifty-two weeks; and that the perfrn taking
 out any licence for fuch ftill or ftills, fhall in all other refpedts
 be fubjelt and liable to all the rules and regulations in this a&
 contained.
    L. Provided alfo, and be it enabled,That if any diftillcr/hall be Diftiller* msy deiirous to difeontinue working for the remainder of any year, at difeontinue the end of the firft period of eight weeks in the year after he fhall ^ainoler^>Fa have commenced working, or at the end of any period of four year on noweeks after fuch diftiller fhall haVe re-commenced working in man- tice. ner aforefaid refpedlively, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch diftiller to difeontinue working accordingly on giving a notice in writing of his intention fo to difeontinue working for the remainder of the year to the commiftioners of excife, and alfo to the collector of the diftridl, and to the furveyor and gauger in charge of the diftillery of fuch diftiller fourteen days at the leaft previous to to the day mentioned for fo difeontinuing to work for the remainder of the year: and in fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful , for the faid commiftioners of excife, or any three of them, upon application to them made by fuch diftiller for that purpofe, to declare the licence granted to fuch diftiller to be ended and determined from and after the day mentioned for fo difeontinuing working, and the fame fhall be ended and determined accordingly; and it tnall alfo be lawful for the faid commiftioners to reduce the quantity of fpirits for which foch diftiller fhall by this acl be chargeable with duty, during the continuance of his licence, to fuch quantity as fuch diftiller fhall be chargeable with during fo many periods of eight weeks or four weeks only, as fuch diftiller fhall have actually continued working, or fhall have been chargeable as continuing to work, together with fuch further quahtiry of fpirits as might be produced from all pot-ale, low wines, or finglings, which fuch diftiller fhall have a&ually dif-kr.A .IT! J .                  4F 2                          tided
   
 1172 Anno rcgni quadragefimo quinto Georg 11 III. c. 104. [1805.
             tilled during fuch periods, according to the rates in this a<5l Penalty on fpecified: and if at any time after the day mentioned in any workta ~ fuch notice of any fuch diftiller, for fo difcontinuing to work tor fuch notice ^ £^c remainder of the year, any fuch diftiller (hall brew any worts, #00/. ice. ' wafh, or pot-ale,- or fhall diftil any wath, pot-ale, Anglings, or low wines, or fhall work any ftill or ftills in fuch diftillery, or if after the day mentioned for fo difcontinuing to work, any worts, wafh, pot-ale, low wines, or Anglings, (hall be found, or any ftill or ftills (hall be difeovered working in the diftillery of fuch diftiller, fuch diftiller (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds, and (hall be chargeable and charged with, and pay duty under this a<5t, as if he had not given fuch notice of difcontinuance as aforefaid ; and it fhall not be law'ful for the faid commiftioners of excite to licenfe any perfon to keep the faid diftillery, or to have, keep, or make ufe of any ftill or > ftills therein, for the remainder of fuch year, nor during the term of one year next enfuing the twenty-ninth day of September after fuch offence (hall have been committed.
 Abatement of LI. And be it further enabled. That it (hall be lawful for any duty todiltil- three of the faid commiftioners of excife to reduce or abate the *CI         quanti(y Spirits wherewith any diftiller fhall be chargeable in
             any year by virtue of this a£t, according to the number of weeks or days as aforefaid, upon proof upon oath to the fatisfatftion of the (aid commiftioners, that tome fatality, fuch as Are, or any other unavoidable accident or misfortune, (hall have prevented fuch diftiller from working fuch number of weeks or days : provided -always, that fuch redu&ion or abatement be Arft approved of by the commiftioners for executing the office of lord high-treafurer of Ireland.
 Diftiller (hall Lll. And be it further enadfed, That whenever any diftiller give notice to (hall intend to commence to brew or mafh any corn, fuch diftiller officers of (hall four |lours at jea{j before fo commencing to mafh any corn, P^ndty^ol?*’" g've not‘ce 10 ofticer in charge of the diftillery of fuch diftiller, (by an entry to be made in a book to be provided by fuch officer for fuch diftiller, and to be kept in fuch diftillery,) of the particular hour and time when fuch diftiller fo intends to brew or mafh any corn, and the number of buftiels of corn, malted or unmalted, or meal, intended to be ufed in every fuch brewing or mafhing, and alio the time when fuch brewing will be completed, and the worts be off; and if fuch diftiller (hall intend to make any fecond malhingof the fame materials, with any addition thereto of any further quantity of corn, malted or unmalted, fuch diftiller fhall give a like notice : and fuch book fhall be carefully kept by fuch diftiller, and the faid entries being made theiein, the faid book fhall, within forty-eight hours after the expiration of every period of four working weeks or twenty-four working days, be delivered by fuch diftiller ro fuch officer; and in cale any com, malted or unmalted, (hall be malhed or brewed in the diftillery of any diftiller, without fuch notice being given by entry to be made in fuch book, all wort, wafh, and pot-ale, brewed from fuch corn, (hall be forfeited, and may be ieized, and fuch diftiller (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds.                  ,
                                                                                              * ■* LIII. And
 Go gle
 I
 ft
 9
 &
 *
 I
 *
 :
 1805.J Anno regni quadragcfimo quintoGEORGii III. c. 104. 1173
    LIII. And be it further ena&ed, That every brewing of wort, Waft) (hall be wafh, or pot-ale, from corn, (hall be feparately run off into or drawn off in placed on coolers, and (hall be therein gauged and meafured by the proper officer, within a reafonable time before the fame (hall order in be let into any fermenting back ; and that all wort, wafh, or which it wa* pot-ale from corn (hall be diftilled in the order in which the fame brewed, was brewed; and that no newer wort, wa(h, or pot-ale, (hall “ena,ty 1 * be diftilled while there is any older wort, wa(h, or pot-ale on hand, and not diftilled ; and that if any (itch wort, wafh, or pot-ale, (hall be found in the diftillery of any diffiller which (hall not have been fo run off into, and placed on coolers, and gauged accordingly, or which (hall have been brewed longer than any fuch wort, wafh, or pot-ale, as (hall have been then • actually diftilled, or diddling, fuch wort, wafh, or pot-ale, (hall be for* feited, and may be feized, and fuch diftiller (hall alfo forfeit the fuin of ten pounds.
    LIV. And be it further cna<5fed, That no diftiller (hall put Each brewing into nor keep in any back, cooler, or other vcffd, which (ball J.° be kept be capable of containing the full charge of the (till, or (if there (hall be more than one dill) of the largeft ftill in the diftillery of y fuch diftiller, at any one time, a fmaller quantity of wort, wafh, or pot-ale, than the full charge of fome one ftill in fuch diftillery ; nor (hall at any one time put more or lefs than one brewing of wort, wafh, or pot-ale, into any one fuch back for fermenting the fame; nor (half mix in any one fuch back, two or more different brewings of wort, wa(h, or pot-ale, or any part thereof; nor (hall put any low wines or finglings into any veffd. Until every other veftel in fuch diftillery in which any low wines or finglings (hall have been previoufly put, (hall be completely filled with low wines or finglings; and if any back, cooler, or other veftel in the diftillery of any diftiller (hall be found containing any wort, wafh, pot-ale, low wines, or finglings, contrary to the regulations of this a<ft, fuch diftiller fhali for every offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.                                    *
    LV. And be it further enacted. That no allowance fhali be No allowance made in the gauging or . taking account of the contents of any f°r groutiug. back, vat, or other veftel, for or in refpe£t of any grouting or ground corn or meal, or other compofition, matter or thmg, added to the worts, wafh, or pot-ale, in fuch back, vat, or other veffel, whilft fuch worts, wafh, or pot-ale, are in the courfe of preparation for being diftilled ; any ufage or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.                                     ,
    LVI. And be it further enabled. That all wort, wa(h, or pot- \Va(h (hall be ale, made from corn, which (hall not be diftilled at the expiration diftilledwithio of fix days, including the day of brewing and the day of diftilling, a limited time-and all fugar-wa(h and wafh made of melafles, which (hall not be diftilled at the expiration of twelve days, including the day of breaking down the melafles or fugar with water, and the day of diftilling, and all wafh made of Tweet waters which (hall not be diftilled at the expiration of fix days, including the day of receiving and the day qf diftilling the fame, (hall be confidered
 as
    ' Go gle
 hi* pjflHfion at the lame time.
 Penalty ioo/.
 Diftiller fhall
 receiving fugar-wafh. Penalty jo/.
 1374 Anno regni quadragefimoquintoGEokcu III. c. 104. [1805.
             as wort, wafb, or pot-ale, not included in any former charge againft the diftiller ; and fuch diftiller fhall be charged with duty in refpeft offuch wort, wafb, or pot-ale, according tothedireftions of this aft. Di(fitter lhall LV1I. And be it further enafted. That if any diftiller, during
 not have corn the time that fuch diftiller fhall have any wort, wafb, or pot-ale
 ftoar^wjfh in ^rom corn on ^an<* or un<liftilled, or until he has drawn off and diftilled all wort, wafb, or pot-ale from corn, fhall receive, have, keep, or make ufe of any melafles, melafles-wafh, fugar-wafh, or fweet water, fuch difliller fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds; and all wort, wafb, or pot-ale from corn,and atll melafles, melafles-wafh, fugar-walh, or fweet water, which fhall be found at one and the fame time in any diftillery, (hall be forfeited, and may be feifced by any officer of excife.
               LVIH. And be it further enafted, That every diftiller fhall, give notice of twenty-four hours at the leaft before receipt of any quantity of decayed wines, melafles, or melafles- wafh, fugar-wafh, or fweet water, or any wafh not made of corn, into the diftillery of'fuch diftiller, give notice in writing to the furveyor or gauger in charge of fuch diftillery, of the particular quantity and kind of all fuch decayed wines, melafles, or wafh not made of corn, and of the fpecies thereof, and of the time when fuch diftiller intends to receive the fame; and if any decayed wines or melafles, or any kind of wafh not made of corn, fhall be found in the diftillery of any diftiller without fuch notice having been fo given as herein required, the fame fhall be forfeited, and may be feized or fptllcd by any officer of excife, and fuch diftiller fhjll forfeit fifty pounds.
               L1X. And be it further enafted. That if any pot-ale or wafh in which there fhall be any mixture of corn and melafles, or fugar or of corn-vvafh and melafles-wafh or fugar-wafh, or fweet water, fhall be found in the diftillery of any diftiller, or in any place adjoining thereto, or in the pofleflion of any fuch diftiller, pofTcfTionjioo/;^ \f any fpjritS fhall be found diftilling or diftilled from any fuch mixture, fuch diftiller, as often as the fame fhall be fo found, fhall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds; and, upon the trial of any information for the faid penalty, fuch diftiller fhall be con-vifted, unlefs due proof fhall be made by fuch diftiller that the pot-ale or wafh in refpeft of which fuch information fhall be brought, did not contain any mixture of corn and melafles or fugar, or of corn-wafh and melafles-wafh, or fugar-wafh, or fweet water,or that the fpirits were not diftilling or diftilled from any fuch mixture, as the cafe may be.
 If contents of LX. And be it further enafted, That if any officer of excife (till are not {hau fin(] any ftj|| at wor^ and the diftiller, of any perfon (ha if be * ^employed by fuch diftiller, fhall refufe to declare what fuch ftill then contains, it fhall Jae lawful for fuch officer of excife to charge the diftiller as if fuch ftill contained finglings or low wines, and fuch diftiller fhall pay the duties by this aft chargeable accordingly.
                                            What (hall be LXI. And be it further enafted, That no liquor fhall be confidered as tJeclarcd as feints, or taken as fuch in any diftillery which fhall be of a greater ftrength than eighty-five per centum under proof;
 Prnahy on diftiller bav-ing any mixture of com an l fugar-wafh m his
 charged as finglings.
 frints* and how to be dif) ofed of.
 and
Digitized by (jO-
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c, 104. 1175
 and that in any cafe any liquor declared as feints (hall be found of a greater ftrength, the fame (hall be charged as Anglings or low wines; and that no liquor called feints (hall be diddled or otherwife difpofed of, than by being fpilled, or by mixing the        *
 fame with pot-ale or wa(h in the prefence of an officer of excife, at the option of the diftiller; and that if any decreafe (hall at any time be found in the quantity of fuch feints more than isjuftifted by the quantity fo mixed with wa(h or pot-ale, or fo fpilled as aforefaid in the prefence of an officer, fuch diftiller (hall be charged for a quantity of fpirits in proportion of one gallon of fpirits to three gallons of fuch decreafe of quantity in fuch feints.
   LXII. And be it further enacted, That as often as any officer Stock of dif-of excife (hall have entered into the dilhllcry, warehoufe, (tore, hller (hah be or any other place. belonging to any diftiller, fuch diftiller, or Jj^i^rwTto fome perfon employed on behalf of fuch diftiller, (hall, on demand 0fficcr onde-of any fuch officer, (how or caufe to be fhown to fuch officer all mand. the ftock on hand of wafh, pot-ale, Anglings, or low wines and Penalty too fpirits, belonging to fuch diftiller, and (hall give or caufe to be given to fuch officer a declaration of the fame; that is to fay, that the ftock fo (hown is all the ftock of wa(h, pot-ale, (inglings, or low wines and fpirits of or belonging to fuch diftiller: and if fuch diftiller, or fomc perfon on his behalf, (hall not, on demand made by any fuch officer, forthwith (how or caufe to be (hown fuch ftock, or make fuch declaration as aforefaid, or if fuch diftiller or any perfon fhowing fuch ftock or making fuch declaration,
 (hall make any falfe or untrue declaration of fuch, ftock, fuch diftiller (hall for every fuch offence forfeit one hundred pounds; and if any officer or officers of excife fhall upon fearch difeover any wafh, pot ale. Anglings, or low wines or fpirits, in any dtftillery, or in any other place belonging to any diftiller, which fhall not have been duly fhown or declared, or which fhall be in any place or (lore belonging to fuch diftiller, not regiftered under this a£f, then all fuch wafh, pot-ale. Anglings, or low wines or fpirits, fhall be forfeited, and fuch diftiller or diflillers fhall forfeit the fum of twenty fhillings for every gallon of fpirits, and for every nine gallons of walh or pot-ale, and for every three gallons of Anglings or low wines fo found and difcoveted.
   LX1II. And be it futther enabled. That every diftiller, or Regulation^ fervant or perfon in the employment of fuch diftiller, who (hall as to declare (how the (lock of fuch diftiller to any officer of excife, fhall j.n? °* count all the calks of fpirits, and declare the number thereof to " fuch officer taking an account of the fame; and in cafe fuch diftiller, fervant, or other perfon, fhall refqfe or negleft fo to do, fuch diftiller (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds ; and if after fuch declaration as aforefaid, any Penalty tol. of the cafks which fhall have been declared to contain fpirits, fhall be found to be empty, or to contain any other liquor or thing fave only fpirits, or if more ca(ks than one (hall be found not to be full, or if a greater number of cafks fhall be found than have been fo declared, every fuch cafk, and the contents thereof,
 {ball be forfeited, and may be feized, and fuch diftiller (hall
                                                          forfeit .    -
   

       1176 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.104. [1805,
       Penalty 10/. forfeit for every caflc fo found, not correfponding with fuch declaration, the fum of ten pounds.
       Officer (liall LX1V. And be it further enacted. That the furveyor or make a week-g3l,ger j„ charge of the diftillery of any di(filler, or any other the dhUMer1 °fficer of excife appointed or authorifed fo to do, (hall, once in who fliall pay every week, make a return or report in writing to the collector the duty ac- of the diftri£t in which fuch diftillery is fuuate, or to fuch perfon cordingly. or perfons as the comtniflioners of excife dial) appoint to receive and double        ^ame*   *he quantity of fpirils for which fuch diftiller is under
       duty.        this act chargeable with duty, and of the duty thereon for the
                    week ending-on the Saturday next preceding, and every fuch officer (hall, and he is hereby required, to leave a true copy of fuch return in writing under his hand, with every fuch diftiller, v          or at fuch diftillery, upon pair, of forfeiting twenty pounds for
                    every negletSl or omiffion in fo doing, and fuch return or report of fuch officer (hall be a charge upon every fuch diftiller for the week fo ending on fuch preceding Saturday; and fuch diftiller fliall pay the duty appearing by fuch return to have become due and payable, within feven days from fuch preceding Saturday, or (ball for every default forfeit twenty pounds, together with a fum equal to double the dutyfo returned and charged.
                       LXV. And be it further enabled, That fuch diftiller (hall, under the proper hand of fuch diftiller, or under the hand of fome perfon for whom fuch diftiller (hall be refponfible, once in every week, at the excife office of the diftri£t in which the diftillery of fuch diftiller (hall be fituate, make true entry of the quantity of fpirits for which fuch diftiller is under this act chargeable with duty for the week ending the Saturday next preceding; and (hall, at time of making fuch entry, pay and clear off the v> hole of the duty payable for fuch quantity of fpirits, upon pain of forfeiting twenty pounds for every omiffion, neglect, or default of fuch entry or payment, together with a ium equal to double the duty which fuch diftiller (hall by law be chargeable with for fuch week.
       In cafe of dif- LXVI. And be it further enadted, That as often as any dif-pute, “fhcer pute or difference (hall artfe between any officer of excife and any return*hy^ lS diftiller, touching the amount of duty charged by the return of affidavit/ fuch officer upon fuch diftiller, for or in refpedt of any quantity of fpirits purfuant to this a<Sl, fuch officer fhall verify, .bv affidavit made before the colledlor of the diftridt, or fome juftice of the peace, that the return made by him is-true and fair, according to the beft of his fkill and knowledge, and thereupon fuch return (ha!! be a charge upon the diftiller difputing the fame: provided always, that no diftiller fhall be allowed to controvert or difpute any return or charge of duty by any officer, unlefs fuch diftiller made his own fhall have made a regular weekly return of the quantity of fpirits wecklyreturn. by him diftilled, and paid the duty chargeable on the fame, and (hall in fuch his weekly return have made his objection to the return or charge of fuch officer.
       For amending   LX VII. And be it further enadted, That in cafe any officer
       errors m of* cf excife (hall at any time have committed any error in any
                                                                                                                       return
 Diftiller* Hull m.«ke entries themfelves, and pay du* ties weekly. Penalty ao7. &c.
 Diftiller (hall not difpute luch charge, vnlcfs he has
 Digitized by Go ale
   1805.] Anhqregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 104. 1177
   return to be nVade by him under this a£t, by including or fleers’ return*,
   charging in fuch return a greater or lefs quantity of fpirits, anl rcjjcving
   or a greater or .lefs amount of duty than ought to have been dijti'iiers3^1*
   returned or charged by him againft any diftiiler according to the accordingly.
   directions of this a£t, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch officer, or
   for the examinator of the accounts of fuch officer, and they are
   hereby refpe£tively required, to redfify the fame as fpeedily as
   may be convenient, within fix months after fuch returns (hall
   have been made, and to report the fame to the faid commifiioners
   of excite; and if it fhall appear that the quantity of fpirits and
   the amount .of duty charged in any fuch return againft any
   diftiiler, was greater than the fame ought to have been, it fhall
   be lawful for the faid commilfioners of excite, and they are
   hereby required, to make an allowance forthwith to fuch diftiiler
   of the amount of duty fo overcharged; and if it fhall appear that
   the quantity of fpirits, and the amount of duty charged in any
   fuch return againft any diftiiler, was lefs than the fame ought to
   have been, it fhall and may be lawful for the faid cotnmifiiouerc
   of excite, and they are hereby required to give notice to fuch
   diftiiler of the amount of the deficiency of the duty in confe-
   quence of fuch erroneous return; and if fuch diftiiler (hall not,
   within one month after fuch notice, fhow fufficient caufe to fuch
   commifiioners of excile why he (hould not be charged with and
   pay fuch deficiency, it fhall be lawful for the faid commifiioners 1
   of excite to order a return to be made to the collector of the
   diftri£t in which fuch diftiiler fhall refide, of the amount of fuch
   deficiency; and the duty fpecified in (uch return fhall be a
   furcharge on fuch diftiiler; and if fuch diftiiler fhall not, upon
   demand, pay the full amount of fuch duty fo furcharged, or fuch
   part thereof as fhall be eftablilhed by the faid commifiioners,
   fuch diftiiler fhall forfeit the fum of ten pounds, and a fum equal
   to double the amount of duty which fhall be fo returned and
   furcharged; provided that no fuch return (hall be a furcharge on
   any diftiiler, unlefs it (hall have been made, and the amount
   thereof demanded within nine months after the date of the
   oiiginal return.
     LXVIII. Provided always* and be it enabled. That the Payment hy payment by any diftiiler of any fum of money lefs than the ‘fi nHer his amount of duty returned or to be returned by any officer ^on of <U»i v*' excite to be payable by fuch diftiiler, fhall not exempt fuch not t x-’ diftiiler from the payment of the difference between the amount erupt him of duty fo returned by fuch officer, and the fum fo paid by fuch frolD payment diftiiler; and that if fuch diftiiler fhall not pay fuch difference thc°oHicei’a within feven days next after fuch return of futh officer, fuch rtturn diftiiler fhall for every fuch default forfeit twenty pounds, together with a fum equal to double the difference between the amount of duty fo returned by fuch officer, and the fum fo paid by fuch diftiiler.
     LXIX. And be it further enabled. That in every cafe Penalty on where the flock of fpirits in the ftores or poffeflion of any diftiiler, fadlor, or other perfon dealing in or ftoring fpirits in i;iuri°fa(acr» Ireland, not being licenfed to fell fpirits by retail, fhall be lefs '       *
                                                               than
          Goggle                                       * ’ NEW YORK PUBLIC I
                                                                                                                                                     t
Digitize
 not Hfing rc tail* 1*8.
       1178' Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III.c. 104. [1805.
or dealers, than the quantity of fpirits which, by the ftock account Jtept by the officer of excife, ought to be in the ftores or poffcflion of fuch diftiller, fa&or, or other perfon, every fuch diftiller, faftor, or other perfon, for every time fuch decrcafe (hall appear, fhall forfeit the fum of ten (hillings for every gallon of fpirits which (hall be fo deficient.
       Minute-book* LXX. And be it further ena&ed. That in the diftillery of tobe delivered every jjj^iHef there (hall be fafely kept fuch minute-books as each diiniitry be delivered to fuch diftiller by the furveyor or gauger in Penalty aoc/. charge of fuch diftillery, in which book fuch officers (hall from time to time make true entries of the times when they (hall y refpe&ively vifit fuch diftillery, and of all fuch other particulars relative to the ftate and condition of fuch diftillery, as fuch officers (hall find neceffary and expedient, or as (hall be directed by any fuperior officer; and fuch diftiller (hall, within three days after the twenty-fifth day of                      ,  the twenty-fifth day of
                          March, the twenty-fourth day of June, and the twenty-ninth day of September refpedfively in every year, deliver fuch books to the .         furveyor of excife then in charge of fuch diftillery: and in cafe
any diftiller to whom fuch book (hall be tendered by any officer of excife, (ball refufe to receive the fame, or having received the fame (hall wilfully tear, deface, obliterate, or alter fuch bock, or any entry therein, or caufe the fame to be torn, defaced, obliterated, or altered, or (hall make or caufc to be made any entry therein,' or in cafe fuch diftiller, or any perfon employed in fuch diftillery, (hall at any time, when required by any officer of excife, neglect or refufe to produce fuch book, or (hall neglect to deliver fuch hook at the times afotefaid, to the furveyor of excife, fuch diftiiler (hall tor every fuch offence lorfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.
   LXXl. And be it further enadfed. That if any diftiller fhall fend out any fpirits in any lefs quantity than thirty gallons, or without being accompanied by a legal permit, or if any fpirits fhall be delivered or carried out of any diftillery between funfet and funrile, without notice firft given to the officer of excile, sight without who (hall from time to time be in charge of the diftillery of fuch notice, 10/. diftiller, to the intent that fuch officer may be prefent to gauge fuch fpirits, every fuch diftiller (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of ten pounds : and all fuch fpirits, and the ca(ks or veffels containing the fame, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer of excife.
       CoJlcdtor        LX Xll.  And be it further cnadted, That in all cafes where any
empowered to duties payable under this a£l by any diftiller, (hall be unpaid at
J.....the time when fuch duties are by this a«St made due and payable,
   it (hall be lawful for the colle&or of excife of the diftridl in which the diftillery of fuch diftiller (hall be fituate, by warrant under his hand and feal, to empower any perfon or perfons to take and dif-train all fpirits, and all (hills. If ill-heads, and worms, and all coppers and other veffels and utenfils for diftilimg ufed in any fuch diftillery, and all malt, corn, and other materials for diftilling, and to caufe the fame to be fold by public au&ion, and if after the payment of all duties and arrears of duties due from fuch diftiller, together
                                                              with
 Penalty on feinting out Ipirits in iefs quantities than t,o gallons, or at
 di train for duties.
   
r
       1805.] Annoregni quadragefirao quinto Georgh III. c.104. 1179
       with the cofts and expences of fuch taking and diftraining, there (hall be any furplus of the produce arifing from the fale thereof, fuch furplus (hall be forthwith tendered and paid to fuch diftiller or his reprefentativ'es : provided always, that when any fpirits (hall be fo taken and detrained, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch diftiller or his reprefentatives, at any time or times before the day appointed for the fale thereof, to obtain permits for conveying all or any part of fuch fpirits, upon his or their paying to the collector, towards difeharging the duties fo due and payable, the real value of fuch fpirits as he or they (hall delire to remove, aod the fame may be removed accordingly, and a proper permit or proper permits (hall, on due application, be given for the fame, in like manner as if no fuch diftrefs had been made.
          LXXIIl. And be it further enadted. That all (fills, (fill-heads. All utenfils in and worms, and all coppers and other veflels and utenftls for                        *
       diddling, having been ufed in any dilfillery, by what title or liable" to pay-conveyance foever the fame (hall be claimed, or into whofe hands ment of du-foever the fame (hall afterwards come, (hall be liable and fubjeft ties and pc-to, and are hereby charged with all debts due to the crown, and nalties. duties of excife, which (hall be in arrear and owing by any perfon for any fpirits diddled or made within fuch di(fil!ery, and (hall alfo be fubjeft to the payment of all fuch penalties as (hall have been incurred by any perfon who (hall have occupied or ufed fuch diddlery, for any offence againd this aft; and it (hall be lawful in all cafes to. levy fuch debts, duties, penalties, and forfeitures, by cliff refs and fale of fuch utenftls, as it would be lawful to do in cafe the perfon owing fuch debts and duties, or incurring fuch penalties and forfeitures, was at the time the real proprietor of fuch utenfds.
          LXXIV. And be it further enafted, That during the con- Bounties to tinuance of this aft, every didiiler in Ireland who (hall make ufe diftilkrs of any dill, the body whereof, without the head or any other ufingUiee appendage thereto, (hall contain one thoufand gallons or **£ upwards, (hall be allowed and paid by the collector of excife of for p,Usot * the didrift, out of any money in his hands, a bounty after the 1000 gallons, rate of fixteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the and * Pt‘r amoun^of the duties on fpirits paid by fuch diftiller; and every dif- of^ooTal-' * tiller in Ireland who fhall make ufe of any dill, the body whereof, ions; or ac-without the head or any other appendage thereto, (hall contain cording to the five hundred gallons, and (hall not contain one thoufand gallons, ^
       (hall he allowed and paid in like manner a bounty after the rate of eight pounds for every one hundred pounds of the amount of the duties on fpirits paid by fuch didiiler: provided always, that if any diftiller (hall have or make ufe of more than one dill, fuch diftiller (hall be allowed a bounty on the whole amount of the duties paid by fuch diftiller, after the rate payable in refpeft of the ft ill of the fmalleft fize.
          LXXV. And be it further enafted. That every brazier or Braziers (h»U worker in brafs, copper, tin, or metal of any kind, in                ,  take ont an-
       before he (hall make any dill, dill-head, or worm, (hall take "uai lienees. . out a licence from the faid commilSoneis of inland excife in l£nalt>’,oo/*
                                                                       Ireland
     Go de
• i 180 Anno rcgni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 104. [1805.
             Ireland, to follow the buftnefs of making and repairing dills, exprefling his name and place of abode upon paper or parchment, figned by one commiflioner, and (lamped according to law, to be in force until the twenty-fifth day of March next following the 1 flue thereof, and (hall annually take out a fimilar licence on every twen'y-fit'th day of March, fo long as he (hall continue to . follow luch his trade; and if any fuch brazier or worker (hall make at any time or in any place, or repair any dill, dill-head, or worm, without having obtained fuch licence, he or (he (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds; and all tools, utenfils for woiking metals, tin, or copper-plates, dills, dill-heads, or worms, 3n.l all pieces thereof, or preparations for making the fame, which (hall be found in his or her poffeflion, (hall be forfeited, and may be fuzed by any officer of excife.
Security to be LXXVI. Provided al ways, and be it enadted, That no fuch
 F*»en,au<l r~tums made by braziers.
 Brazier (hall It amp name and contents on (till, and heads. Penalty to/.
                 licence (hall be granted to any perfon until he (hall enter into bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in the fum of two hundred pounds, with two fufficient fureties in the fum of one hundred pounds each, conditioned that he will from time to time make a true return, verified by affidavit, to the neared officer of excife, of the name and place of abode of every perfon for whom he (hall make or repair any dill, (lill-head, or worm, together with the number of gallons each fuch dill (hall contain, twenty-four hours at the lead after making or repairing the fame, and before he (hall differ the fame to be taken or delivered out of his houfe, (hop, or place of work; and that he (hall alfb, within three days after the end of each quarter of a year, from the quarter-day next following after the commencement of his licence, make a return to the collecb'r of the diftiict wherein he fhall work of the whole number of dills, di’l-heads, and worms, made or repaired by him in the preceding quarter of a year, with the name and place of abode of every perfon for whom he (hall have made or repaired the fame, and the number of gallons each fuch dill fo made or repaired fhall contain, or that he has not made or repaired any dill, dill-head, or worm, in the courfe of the preceding quarter of a year.
                    LXXVII And be it further enabled, That every brazier or other perfon making any dill whatfoever, (hall, before difpofingof the fame, (lamp on the bread of fuch dill, over that part thereof where the cock of fuch dill (hall be placed, and alfo on the head of fuch dill relpetfively, the name and place of rcltdence of fuch maker, and alfo the name and place of refidence of the perfon to whom the fame (hall be difpofed of, at full length, in Roman letters, and the year of our Lord in which fuch dill (hall b« difpofed of, in figures, and the number of the gallons alfo in figures which fuch dill and head refpetdively (hall be capable of containing, fuch letters and figures to be funk in the metal of fuch dill, and not lefs than half an inch long, under pain of forfeiting for every default therein the fum of ten pounds; and if any fuch dill fhall afterwards be enlarged, the brazier or perfon enlarging the fome, (hall in like manner damp the number of gallons fuch
                                                          '               dill
 Digitized b}
    
   1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 104. 1181
   ftill or ftill-head refpedlively fhall be capable of containing after fuch enlargement thereof, under a like'penalty of twenty pounds.
     LXXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any brazier or Penalty on other perfon dealing in brafs, copper, tin, or other metal, fhall      h*v-
   make or have in his or her pofilllion, and if any diftiller (ball       n<^
   have, keep, or make ufe of any ftill, the proportion of the pr„p rtions diameters and altitude whereof fhall be contrary to this aif, every direded hy fuch ftill fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any ***» loc^ officer of excife, and the perfon or perfons making, keeping, or ufing the fame, or having the fame in his or her pofteffion, fhall . forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.
     LXXIX. And be it further enabled. That no brazier or other Penalty on perfon dealing in brafs, copper, tin, or other metal, fhall make       h*T*
   or have in his or her pofteffion any ftill, the content of the body whereof, without the head or any appendage thereto, fhall be ions without lefs than five hundred gallons, other than and except any ftill of licence 20*.
   . twelve gallons content only, nor unlefs fuch perfon fhall have &c* previouily obtained a licence from fome one commiffioner of excife for making or keeping the fame ; and in cafe fuch ftill fhall be of twelve gallons content, fetting forth that the fame is for the ufe of fomechymift, apothecary, or other perfon duly licenfed to ufe the fame; and if any fuch ftill fhall be found in the pof-feffion of any brazier or other perfon as aforefaid, who fhall not produce a licence for making or keeping the fame, luch brazier or other perfon (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, and fuch ftill be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of excife.
     LXXX. And be it further enabled. That no brazier or manu- No flill (hall fafturer of tnetal, or other perfon, in Irel, fhall fend or convey be conveyed any ftill, ftill-head, or worm, to any perfon whomfoever, unlels a permit granted by an officer of excife for the removal of fuch ‘    * * *
   ftill, ftill-head, or worm, fhall have been obtained by fuch brazier, manufacturer, or other perfon, and fuch permit fhall contain in the body thereof the name of the brazier or manufac. turer thereof, or other perfon fending the fame, and of the perfon or perfons to whom and the place to which fuch ftill, ftill-head, or worm, is intended to be lent, and alfo the content in gallons of fuch ftill, and the head thereof refpe&ively; and every fuch ftill, ftill-head, and worm, which ihall be found conveying or conveyed, and for the conveyance of which luch. permit fhall not be produced, fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any perfon whatever, and the brazier, manufacturer, or other perfon fending or conveying the fame, fhall forfeit the fum of ten pounds.
     LXXXI. And be it further enadted, That the perfon to whom Permit (hall any fuch ftill fhall be conveyed fhall, within forty-eight hours be delivered after the arrival of fuch ftill, deliver up the permit under which UP to fuch ftill fhall have been conveyed, to the proper officer of the *°tcthereof walk in which fuch perfon fhall refide, and fuch officer fhall glven ^ thereupon grant a certificate to fuch perfon in lieu of fuch permit j and if any fuch ftill fhall be found in the poft'effionof any perfon after the expiration of forty-eight hours from the arrival thereof,
                                                           without
   
 Penalties on
 unlicenfed perfons having (tills, fpirits, or
 20/. and 201. per gallon, &c.
 Penalty on perfons concealing (pints, $/. See.
                                               1182 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii HI. c. 104. [1805.
  without fuch certificate, fitch ftill (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer of excite.
     LXXXII. And be it further enadted, That in cafe any ftill ftill-head, or worm, or other utenfil for diftilling of fpirits, (hall be found in the poffeffion of any perfon, not being a brazier, or not being duly licenfed to have or keep the fame, and in cafe wafh, in their any fpirits exceeding the quantity of four gallons (except fuch polTeilion, fpirits for which a permit or certificate (hall be produced) or any wa(h, pot-ale, low wines, or finglings, (hall be found in the poffeffion of any perfon not duly licenfed under this adfc, fuch perfon (hall for every fuch ftill, ftill-head, worm, or other utenfil for diftilling of fpirits, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, and for every gallon of fuch fpirits, and for every nine gallons of fiicfi wafh or pot-ale, and for every three gallons of fuch low wines or finglings, the fum of twenty (hillings: and all fuch (tills, ftill— heads, worms, or other utenfils, and all fpirits, wafh, pot-ale, low wines, and finglings fo found, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of excife.
                      LXXXIII. And be it further enacted,'That if any perfon (hall harbour, keep, or conceal, or (hall knowingly permit to be harboured, kept, or concealed, or (hall give any aid or aftiftance, or reward, to any perfon or perfons to harbour, keep, or conceal, any fpirits, low wines, finglings, wafh, or pot-ale, which (hall have been unlawfully made or diftillcd, every fuch perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five pounds, and all fuch fpirits, low wines, finglings, wafh, and pot-ale, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of excife. LXXXIV. And be it further enadted, That if any perfon in Ireland, (hall make ufe of any ftill, ftiil-head, or worm for diftilling, or (hall make or diftil any low wines, finglings, or fpirits, or (hall brew, make, or ferment any wort, wa(h, or pot-ale, wherewith and with the intent to diftil low wines, finglings, or fpirits, without having a licence in force purfuant to law for diftilling, every fuch perfon (hall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a mil'demeanor; and it (hall be lawful for any juftice of the peace refiding near to the place where fuch offence (hall be committed, on information on oath of any fuch offence, to iffue his warrant tor the apprehenfion of fucb perfon, and on examination into the complaint to commit fuch perfon to gaol, there to remain until delivered by due courfe of law ; and in cafe any indictment (hall be found againft fuch perfon, he or (he (hall plead thereto, without having time to traverfe the fame; and it (hall be lawful for the court by and before whom fuch perfon (hall be tried and convidted, to inflidt fuch puniftim^nt on fuch perfon for the firft offence as may by law be inflicted on perfons guilty of mifdemeanors; and for the fecond offence to fentence fuch perfon fo convidted to be tranfported for the term of feven years.
                      LXXXV. And whereas the penalties heretofore impofrd on town-lands and places wherein any unlicenfedfill or other utenfil fir of fpirits were feized, have been found inejfeflual to prevent fucb
                   unlicenfed fills, and it is expedient to make              in order to
                   prevent all fraud, colluficn,. and connivance with     to the ufing
                                                                                                                          fucb
 Unlicenfed diftillers declared guilty of a qnifde-meanor, and punifhable accordingly; and for tne ferond offence be tranfported.
 Digitized b>
   
  1805.] AnnoregniquadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 104. 1183
fuch      unlicenfed       /lillsyand to preferve thl morals of the people from being
• injured by the immoderate ufe of fpirits dijlilled thereby: be it there-
  fore enalted, That it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice of On informa-
  the peace, and he is hereby required, upon information upon t'on to a
  oath to him given, that any unlicenfed (fill, or other utenfil for ^ce'of any
  diddling of fpirits has been found, or is ufed in any place within unlicenfed
  the jurifdi&ion of fuch juftice, to examine into the truth of fuch (till, he Ihdl
  information ; and if he (hall find reafon to believe that fuch ftill return the
  has been fo ufed or found, he (hall bind over the perfon or perfons ........                           .     ■  r              next aluzes,
  giving fuch information to appear at the next enfuing aftizes or wherc
  prelenting term, to give evidence, if ncceflary, in fupport of raft (hall We fuch information: and fuch juftice (liall caufe notice of fuch tried, and a information to be ferved on any two inhabitants of the parilh ^ofcdon (or if fuch ftill (hall be found or ufed in any extra-parochial tf,e p.lrift, ,n place, then on two inhabitants of the townland) in which it whLh the (hall appear by fuch information that any fuch unlicenfed ftill or (till is found other utenfil was found or ufed feven days at the leaft previous 0i’ u!cd* to the commiflion day of the next enfuing aftizes, or firft day of the next prefenting term, if in the county or county of the city of     Dublin;and fuch juftice (hall, at or before fuch next enfuing
  adizes or prefentiug term, deliver to the clerk of the crown all fuch informations fo made before him, and all examinations taken by him thereon refpeltively, and fuch clerk of the crown (hall lay the fame before the court at the faid refpeltive aftizes or prefenting term : and in cafe any perfon liable to pay any grand jury cefs in fuch parilh or townland refpeltively (hall appear at fuch aftizes or prefenting term, to controvert the fall of finding or ufing fuch ftill, or the fait that any fuch ftill was unlicenfed, or that the parilh or townland mentioned.in any fuch information was the parilh or townland wherein fuch ftill was fo found or ufed, it (hall be lawful for the court at the fame aftizes or prefenting term, and fuch courtis hereby required to try the fait or falls fo controverted, in the fame manner as the trial of a traverfe to any prefentment of a grand jury; and if a verdilt (hall be given agreeable to the information lo made to fuch juftice of the peace, or if no perfon (hall appear at fuch aftizes or prefenting >erm to controvert the falls as aforefaid, fuch qourt lhall fine fuch parilh or townland in the fum of fifty pounds, and (liall direlt the treafurer of the county, county of a town or city, to ifl'ue his warrant for levying the faid fum of fifty pounds off the pari(h or townland refpeltively, in which.it (hall appear by fuch information that fuch ftill was found or ufed ; which faid fum of fifty pounds (hall be levied by the colleltor of the grand jury cefs, in like manner, and with like powers, authorities, and remedies, in cafe of non-payment thereof, or of any part thereof, as are provided by law in refpelt to any money to be levied under any prefentment of a grand jury; and one moiety of every fuch fine Acplicatio* or fum of fifty pounds as (hall be levied off any parilh orof penalty, townland in the county of the city of      , or the                       liberties
  thereunto belonging, or in the county of      , (hall be paid
  by the treaTorer of the (aid county and county of the city of
                                                        Dublin
   
 I
Digitiz
                                                1184 Anno regni quadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. c. 104. [1805.
              Dublin to the Society for difcountenancing Vice and promoting Virtue in the faid city, for the ufe of the faid fociety; and one moiety of fuch fum of fifty pounds as fhall be levied in any other pariih or townland in Ireland, fhall be paid by the treafurer of the county, county of a town or city, in which fuch parith or town-land is fituate, to the treafurer of the publick infirmary or hofpital of fuch county, for the ufe of fuch infirmary or hofpital; and the other moiety of fuch fum of fifty pounds fhall in all cafes be paid by the treafurer of fuch county, county of a town or city, to any officer of excifc or cuftoms who fhall have given fuch information to fuch juftice of the peace as herein-before mentioned, and who fhall appear at fuch aflizes or prefenting term purfuant to hi* recognizance to profecute the fame; or in cafe the informer fhall not be an officer of cxcifeor cuftoms, fuch laft-mentioned moiety fhall be paid by fuch treafurer according to the dire£tions of the court, either to fuch informer, or to fuch juftice of the peace, to be by fuch juftice applied in rewarding the perfon or perfons from whom he received fuch information, or otherwife, towards the fuppreffing of all unlicenfed ftills within his jurifdi&ion, in fuch manner as to fuch juftice fhall feem moft fitting and expedient.
                                                             LXXXVI. And whereas the allowing fpirits made or dijlilled from torn in Ireland, to be warehot/fed there for exportation without
             • payment of the duty of exeife chargeable in Ireland     , may tend
              *                          to promote the profitable export thereof j be it therefore enacted. That Diftillers may it fhall and may be lawful for every diftiller or maker of fuch warehouse, fpirits in Ireland, to warehoufe his fpirits for exportation without
 IrllandTunder PV™™ of [ucrh, of «cife, according to the provifions of ceitainregu- this act, and fubjedt to fuch rules and regulations as the laid lations. commilfioners of exeife in Ireland fhall, from time to time, diredfc or order in any of his Majefty’s ftores or warehoufes at the ports of                                Dublin,           Drogheda, Dundalk, , Belfaft, , ,
                          Londonderry, Cork, Youghall, , , , Weftport and Kinfale, or at any other port in         , in which, or in the
              diltritf in which fuch port fhall be fituated, ftills of not lefs than five hundred gallons in content (hall be hereafter liccnfed by the laid cornmiflioners: provided always, that no fpirits of a ftrength lefs than a ftiength equal to or.e to ten over hydrometer proof, by Clarke's hydrometer, or by fuch other hydrometer as fhall be approved of by the cornmiflioners for executing the office of lord high-treafurer of Ireland, fhall be fo warehoufed ; and that all fuch fpirits fhall be contained in cafks of not lefs than one hundred gallons content, and that there be marked on the head of each cafk in letters or figures cut therein, the number of gallons of fpirits in fuch cafks, and the ftrength of the fpirits contained therein.                                           •
 Diftiller fhall LXXXVII. And be it further enabled. That when and as officers and t0 °^ten as any diftiller fhall intend to wareboufe fpirits for exporta-ftorckeeper 0f t‘on»         8lve not,ce 'n writing to the officer or officers of |
 the time he  exeife who fhall be placed over the diftillery of fuch diftiller, and
 intends to   alfo to the ftorekeeper at the port of exportation, of fuch his
                                                                                                                       intention.

 1805;] Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III.c. 104. 1185
 intention, in which notice (hall be fet forth the number and warehoufe
 oontent in gallons of each cafk which fucb diftiller fo intends to (pirlt*» *
 warehoufe, and the day and hour of the day on which fuch diftiller
 intends to commence the removal of fuch fpirits to the warehoufe,
 which day (hall not be more diftant than fix days, nor nearer than
 three days from the time of fuch notice: provided always, that no     ^
 removal of any fpirits for fuch purpofe (hall be allowed without-
 permits according to law, and containing all fuch particulars as
 (hall be 'directed by the commiffioners of excife; nor (hall any
 fuch removal commence at any time of the day before the hour of
 nine in the morning, or after the hour of three in the afternoon.
    LXXXVIII. And be it further ena&ed. That the proper Officer (hall officer of excife fhall attend at the ftores of every fuch diftiller, at ^kydat the time mentioned as aforefaid in fuch notice, and fuch officer fto/e/during (hall continue there until the whole of the fpirits for which fuch removal, notice has been given, (hall be removed out of the ftores of fuch diftiller, under permits, as aforefaid j and that immediately after the removal of fuch fpirits, fuch officer (hall take ftock on fuch diftiller, and (hall fet forth in the ftock-book the decreafe occa-fioned by the removal of all fuch fpirits: and in cafe the whole Penalty on or any part of the fpirits for the removal of which a permit (hall not delivering be granted as aforefaid, (hall not be delivered into his Majefty’s fu'/n^to^er-ftores within the time prefcribeft in the permit or permits for con- ^ t0° j^r* vcying the fame (except in cafes of unavoidable neceffity, proved gallon, &c. to the fatisfadlionof the faid commiflioners of excife, or any three of them) the diftiller of fuch fpirits, for the removal of which out of his ftores, a permit fhall have been granted as aforefaid, (hall forfeit the fum of ten (hillings for every gallon not fo delivered, and (hall alfo forfeit a gallon of fpirits for every gallon fo deficient in delivery; and it fhall be lawful for the officer of excife to feize and take out of the ftores of fuch diftiller, a gallon of fpirits for every gallon which fhall be fo deficient; and it lhall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, to withdraw and annul any licence before that time granted to fuch diftiller, if they fhall think fit fo to do.
    LXXXIX. And be it further enaded. That immediately on On ware-the arrival of fuch fpirits under proper permits, at his Majefty’s houfing fpi-ftores, the proper officer fhall gauge and take an account of every ca(k, and the ftrength of the fpirits contained therein, and fhall give diftiller enter an account thereof in a book to be by him kept for the a receipt for purpofe; and thereupon the ftorekeeper fhall deliver to the the lame, diftiller, or perfon requiring the fame for the ufe of fuch diftiller, a receipt for fuch fpirits, fpecifying the number of the different cafks, with their gauge, and the quantity and ftrength of the fpirits contained in them, with the dayof the month and year when fuch fpirits were ftored, and any marks which may be put on fucb cafks by fuch diftiller for diftinguifhing the fpirits to be his property.                     *                     n
    XC. And be it further ena<fted. That fuch receipt (hall be Diftiller (hall delivered over within a rcafonable time by every fuch diftiller to rfc,iver foch the officer of:tbe walk where fuch diftiller (hall refide, or carry office^ who ."'Vo l. XLV,                 4 G                                 on ‘ *
   
n86 Annd regni quadragefimo quinto Georgh III. c. 104. [1805,
(hall then de-on the bufmefs of a diftiller, and fuch officer (hall immediately return to fuch diftiller a copy thereof figned by himfelf; and upon the delivery of fuch receipt, and not before, it (hall be lawful for fuch officer to dedu& from the number of gallons of fpirits with which fuch diftiller (hall have been charged or chargeable, the number of gallons fo warehoused, and to return the charge againft the diftiller to the colle&or of excife for the remaining number of gallons, which (hall be a charge againft fuch diftiller accordingly; and every fuch officer (hall annex to fuch return the ftorekeeper’s receipt, as his voucher for having made fuch dedullion as aforefaid.
                                                                 XCI. And be it further enabled. That fuch fpirits which (hall be fo warehoufed, (hall not be taken or carried out of the ware-
 dudt the (pi rits fo warehoufed from the diftiller’s (lock, and charge the remainder only with duty.
 Spirits warehoufed (hall
pot be taken houfe on anv account whatfoever, otherwife than in manner and but under r _ ,                -r     . >         . ,___•___c_______„•  . .
 out this aft.
 purfuant to the proviftons and directions herein-after mentioned and contained.
 Taking fpirits out of ware-houfe for exportation.
   XCII. And be it further enabled, That fo often as any perfon warchoufing fpirits in IreUndy (hall be defirous of (hipping for exportation any quantity of fuch fpirits, fuch perfon (hall deliver to the ftorckeeper, five days at lead before the time when he intends.to (hip fuch fpirits, a note in writing, requiring fuch ftorekeeper to deliver fuch calks as fuch perfon may intend to export, fpecifying the number of calks, and the quantity of fpirits intended to be (hipped, as fet forth in the receipt given to fuch perfon by the ftorekeeper, at the time when fuch fpirits were admitted into the warehoufe, and mentioning the time when fuch perfon propofes to (hip filch fpirits, and the name and deftination of the (hip or veflel; and it (hall be lawful for the officer attending the warehoufe from which fuch fpirits are to be taken, before the delivery thereof from fuch warehoufe, to mark every ca(k of fuch fpirits with fuch mark as the faid commiffioners of excife fhall direCl; and if any fpirits fo intended for exportation fhall, after having been received in his Majefty’s (lores, and before their aClual exportation, be altered in quality, quantity, or ftrength, except by decreafe, occafioned from leakage, wafte, or accident, all fuch fpirits, and the calks containing the fame, (hall be forfeited, and may be feixed by any officer of his Majefty’s revenue of cuftoms or excife.
 Before fpirits (lull be delivered out for expoit^tion, bond (hall be given to export them to the port /pecified.
On production of a cer-
   XC1II. And be it further ena<fted, That before any fuch fpirits fhall be delivered out of any fuch warehoufe for exportation, the perfon or perfons intending to export the fame (hall, with one or more fuflicient furety or furcties, give bond to his Majefty in double the vajue of luch fpirits, and of the excife duty which would be due and payable thereon, if luch fpirits were taken cut for home eonfumption, conditioned that fuch fpirits (hall (the dangers of the leas or enemies excepted) be exported to and landed at fuch port as (hall be fpecified in fiich bond, without alteration in quality or quantity, except what may be occafioned by leakage, wafte, or accident, and (hall not be landed in any other place, nor rclanded in Ireland.
   XCIV. And be it further enabled, That upon the exporter of
                                                ,V         fuch
Go gle
 1805.] Annorcgni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 104.        1187
 fuch fpirits, or fome perfon on behalf of fuch exporter, producing titicate that to the ftorekeeper of the warehoufe, and to the officer attending b?^has been the fame, a certificate from the proper officer, that fuch bond and much’fpirit* fecurity hath been given, the ftorekeeper of fuch warehoufe, and as (hall be officer attending the fame, (hall deliver fuch fpirits as (hall be mentioned mentioned in fuch certificate to be exported ; and fuch ftore- ^^dcllvened* keeper ihall caufc the faid fpirits to be fent under the care of a a permjt proper officer, at the expence of the owner, to the quay where to the officer the fhip or veflel (hall be ftationed, there to be delivered into the attending the cuftody of the (hipping officer on fuch quay, and (hall at the japping of fame time deliver a permit for the quantity fo fent, in which exportation.°r permit (hall be alfo mentioned the date when the fpirits were warehoufed; and all fuch fpirits (hall remain in the care and cuftody of the (hipping officer on the quay until (hipped or exported; and all fuch fpilits (hall be (hipped in the fame cafks in which they were originally warehoufed, with the marks, numbers, and note of the contents thereon, except in cafes of damaged or leaky calks, which may be changed with the leave of the com-miffioners of the cuftoms, or of the chief officer of the port, and like marks (hall be cut on the head of each new calk as had been cut on the leaky or damaged calks ; and all fuch fpirits (hall be (hipped only in fuch vcftels as by law fpirits of manufa&urc may be (hipped for exportation, fubjedl to all regulations, for* feitures, and penalties, in refpeCl of relanding or unlhipping the fame, as are or may be contained in any aCt or alts refpeCling fpirits (hipped from Ireland for exportation to Great Britain or elfewhere, and as are not contrary to the provifions of this aCl.
   XCV. And be it further enaCled, That if any perfon fo ware- How fpirits houfing fpirits for exportation, (hall defire to take the fame, or n,aY bt take* any quantity thereof, not lefs than five hundred gallons, out his Majefty’s warehoufe for home confumption, it (hall and may 1 p be lawful for fuch perfon fo to do, on paying to the collector of excife for the diftriCt the full amount of the duty payable on fuch fpirits, for the quantity which each and every fuch calk contained at the time of its being warehoufed, together with a fum after the rate of ten pounds for every one hundred pounds by the year on the amount of the faid duties, from the expiration of fixty days after the day of ftoring fuch fpirits, till the time of taking the fame out for home confumption; and upon the production of the collector’s receipt for fuch duty to the ftorekeeper, it (hall be lawful for him to difeharge the calks mentioned in the collector’s receipt, and to deliver a permit for the conveyance of the fame to the owner thereof, or to fuch place as fuch owner (hall direCt or require.                                        »
   XCVI. And be it further enaCted, That fpirits fo warehoufed Warehoufed may be removed, at the defire of the owner thereof, from his fpirits may te Majefty’s warehoufe at any one porr, to the like warehoufe at any ' 10
 other port as afore-mentioned, under fuch regulations as the faid 1 comnjiftioners of cuftoms (hall order in refpeCl thereof.
   XCVII. And be it further enaCled, That it (hall be lawful for Warehouses the proprietor of any fuch fpirits, fo to be lodged in any warehoufe m;,y bc vl‘!tc*
                          4 g 2                        as
    
1188 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 104. [1805.
by proprie- as aforefaid, in the prefence of the.ftorekeeper or other officer, who tot s*       Sre hereby required to attend at all reafonable times for that pur-
             pofe, not oftener than once a week, to view, examine, and (hew for fale fuch fpirits, or any part thereof, and to examine the ftate ,         of the calks, and to prevent leakage or damage therein.
If fpirits are XCVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any fpirits (hall not exported remain in his Majefty’s warehoufes, after having been received therein under the provifions of this a£t, for more than four calendar months, or fuch further time as the faid commiffioners of cuftoms, or any three 6f them, (hall appoint, on fpecial application made to them, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, to direct, that fuch fpirits (hall be publickly fold, giving feven days’ publick notice thereof ; and the produce arifing from fuch fale fhall be applied in the firft place to the difcharge of all the duties thereon, computing foch duties on the number of gallons which each and every cafk contained at the time of its being warehoufed, without any allowance for wafte or leakage, together with a fum after the rate of ten pounds for every one hundred .pounds by the yedr, on the amount of the faid duties, from the expiration of fixty days after the ftoring of fuch fpirits, until the fale thereof; and the remainder, after deducing all expences of warehoufing and fale, (hall be paid over to the owner of fuch fpirits.
                XCIX. And be it further enabled, That on the exportation of any fuch fpirits, which (hall have been warehoufed in manner aforefaid, no drawback or allowance whatever {hall be given or paid, other than and except a drawback of nine-pence .three farthings Irijb money upon every gallon of fuch fpirits, as andjn lieu of the duty paid on the malt ufed and confumed in the making of fuch fpirits (or other than and except fuch other drawbacks which fhall or may by law from time to time hereafter, as occafion may require, be granted, given, or allowed) unlefs and until all duties of excifc due and payable on the fame in      , (hall be
             firft fudy paid and fatisfied; which drawback is hereby required to be paid and fatisfied on fuch export, fubjedf to all rules and rugulations in force in Ireland refpedting drawbacks.
    C. And be it further enabled. That in cafe any fpirits made rtiAlI be"paid" or diddled from corn in Irel,which (hall not have been ware-on fpirits not houfed in one of his Majefty’s warehoufes under the provifions of warehoufed, this a£f, (hall he entered for exportation to Great       , no
exportation drawback (hall be paid or debenture made out for paying the to Great Bri- fame, unlefs due proof (hall be firft made by duecourfe of permits, tain, except tracing fuch identical fpirits from the original rjiftillery to the port on proof of or place of exportation, and by (uch other evidence as (hall be Sut7without reclu'ref(> to fatisfaction of the faid commiffioners of cuftoms, allowance, or any three of them, that each and every gallon for which (uch or fuch al- drawback (hall be claimed has paid the full duties due and payable low 1 nee (‘ill thereon, by any law in force in    , without anv allowance
bt rtiundeJ. Qut or on payrnent of fuch duties, and that the diftiller of fuch fpirits has not received any allowance or bounty on account of the fixe or contents oi any ftill or ltills ufed by fuch diftiiler; or
                                                                                                                unlefs
 wunin rour months, &c. they, may be fold for payment of duties.
 Drawback in lieu of malt duty.
 Nn drawback
  G<x gle
r
 *
 *
 i
 i
 X
 if.
 r
 r
 ta
 f
 *
 £
 it
 9
 t
 i'
 »
 9
 i>
 9
 9
 '*
 *
 S
 9
 :
 *
 P
 »
 i"
 ►
 f
 £
  1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quintt^GEORGii III. c. 104. 1189
  unlefs all fuch allowances or bounties as may have been allowed to dr received by fuch diftiller in refpccSt of the amount of the duty on fuch fpirits, on account of the fize or contents of any fuch (fill or ftills, (hall be refunded or repaid to or for the ufe of his Majefty, in fuch manner as fuch commiffioners of cuftoms-may from time to time order and direft in • that behalf ; and if fuch allowance or bounty (hall not be refunded and repaid on exportation to Great Britain, fuch allowance or bounty (hall be deemed a part payment in advance of the drawback payable by law, and the remaining part only of fuch drawback (hall be paid on fuch export; any aft or afts in force in         , or any    ufage
  or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.
    Cl. And be it further enafted, That whenever any fuch Form of fpirits/which (hall not liave been warehoufed under this aft, (hall be entered for exportation to Great Britain, the perfon entering exportation * fuch fpirits for exportation (hall ftate or caufe to be (fated in the to Great entry thereof, whether any allowance has been made out of or on Britain, not payment of the duties payable on fuch fpirits, or any bounty baving^been claimed or paid in refpeft thereof, on account of the fize or con- ware ou e tents of the (fill or (fills ufed by the diffiller of fuch fpirits, or on any other account^or under any other pretext whatfoever, and the amount of f(ich allowance or bounty; and if fuch perfon (hall negleft fo to do, or (hall make any falfe or untrue (fatement with refpeft to any fuch allowance or bounty, all fpirits fo entered for exportation (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer or officers of cuffoms or excife, and the perfon entering the fame for exportation (hall alfo forfeit the fum' of one hundred pounds.
    CII. And be it further enafted. That all and every the fines, Recovery and penalties, and forfeitures inflifted by this aft, (hall be paid and application of recovered in Britijh currency, and (hall and may be fued for and recovered, levied, and applied in fuch manner and form, and byexcj(c a(kj. fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and authorities as arc & is c. a. prefcribed, direfted, and appointed, in and by an aft of parliament c. 8. made in Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late majefty Charles the Second, intituled, An for the fettling of the excife or new itnpo/l upon his      ,  his heirs and
    fucceffors, according to the book of rates therein  ,  or by  any
   other aft or aits in force in Ireland, relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, as fully and effeftually, to all intents, conftruc-tions, and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and exprefled, and re-enafted in this aft; with like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties who fhall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the faid aft of excife, or any aft or afts in force in Ireland relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, is provided.
      CI1I. Provided always, and be it enafted. That it (hall and Penalties unmay be lawful to and for any one juftice of the peace within his der 10/. may^ jurtfdiftion, where any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture not exceed- hefore°oneC<* ing ten pounds (hall be incurred under this aft, to hear andjuftjce> wjthin determine the feme, and to convift the party offending on his or three month*, her own confeiTxon, or on the oath of any one credible witnefs;
    I                                                             and
     Co gle
*190 Anno regni quadragefimoquintoGEORr.n III. c. 104. [1805.
             and in all fuch cafes, one moiety of the penalty or forfeiture fhall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifh, in which the offence fhall have been committed or the convi&ion made, at the difcretion of the juftice: and fuch juftice of the peace is hereby authorifed and required, upon information made on oath in that behalf, within three months after the offence Committed, to fummon the party accufed, and alfo the witnefs or witnefTes upon either fide, and if upon confeffion of the party accufed or examination of any witnefs or witnefTes on oath, which oath fuch juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter, fuch party fhall be convicted of the offence alleged againft him, then it fhall be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby required to award and iffue out a warrant under his hand and feal to any conftable of the county, for levying the penalty or forfeiture incurred on the goods of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof in cafe the fame fhall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any) after deducting the expence of fuch fale; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, it fhall be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is required to commit fuch offender to gaol for any time not exceeding three months, or until fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall be paid r and if any perfon fhall find himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by the judgement of the faid juftice, then fuch perfon fhall and may complain or appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next general quarter-feffions for the county, and fuch juftices are hereby empowered to fummon and examine witnefTes upon oath,and finally to hear and determine the complaint or appeal; and in cafe the conviction of the party fhall be affirmed, fuch juftices fhall iffue their warrants for levying the penalty and forfeiture as aforefaid, and alfo for levying on the goods of the appellants fuch fum not exceeding forty fhillings as the faid juftices fhall appoint for the cofts of fuch appeal, to be paid to the informer: and where any fuch pecuniary penalty or above ic/. may forfeiture fhall exceed the fum of ten pounds, the fame may be action IC° ^uec^ ^or an<* recovertftl by any perfon who fhall fue for the fame, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, or by civil bill, in any of the courts of record in               , or at the quarter-feffion of
             the peace, or at the aftizes of any county or county of a town or city in Ireland■,and it fhall be lawful for the court before whom any fuch penalty fhall be'recovered to order the offender to be committed to gaol, there to remain for any time, in the difcretion of fuch court, or until fuch fine or forfeiture be fully paid and fatisfied.
Proceedings CIV. And be it further enabled, That no conviction made or
of juftices not alleged to be made by any juftice of the peace, nor any proceed-
removAble by jn before fuch juftice, or before any juftices of the peace at the certiorari.   ° r rr J              r            j          v ,
             quarter-felhons, nor any fentence or order given or made, or
             alleged to be given or made by any fuch juftice or juftices, under or by virtue of this aCt, fhall be removed by writ of certiorari out of the county, city, town, or place wherein fuch conviction or proceeding fhall have been had or made, into any court whatsoever; and that no writ of certiorari fhall fuperfede execution or . •                                                   other
^Gougle                                          NEW YOR-
Appeal t<j
guartcr-
urfiioiu.
Penalties
 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto.GEORGii III. c. 104. 1191
 other proceedings upon fuch convidtion, order, or fcntence Cq made or given in purfuance of this a£t, but that execution and other proceedings fhall be had and made thereupon, any fuch writ of   certiorari, or allowance thereof, notwithftanding.
    CV. And be it further enadled, That any juftice of the peace Penalty on or magiftrate, in Ireland, who (hall negledt or refufc in any neglect inftancc to carry this adt into execution, upon a proper applica- todoasre-tion utade to him, (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds     quired by this
 currency for every fuch negledt or refufal, to be recovered by adfion, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Ireland,by the. perfon who (hall have made fuch application, in which no effoign, protedhon, wager of law, nor more than one » imparlance (hall be allowed ; the money recovered by fuch adlion to be applied as to one half thereof to the ufe of the perfon fuing for the fame, and the other half to be paid to the minifter, redlor, or churchwarden of the parifh wherein fuch juftice of peace or magiftrate (hall refide, for the ufe of the poor therein.
    CVI. And be it further enadted, That, from and after the Charge on fifteenth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five, in diftillers in lieu and inftead of any charge on any diftiller upon any decreafe of walh, pot-ale, low wines, or finglings, or upon any charge IJth july> therewith of any ftill, under or by virtue of any adt or adts in force 1805. in Ireland at the time of parting this adt, the officer of excife keeping an account of walh, pot-ale, low wines, or finglings in any diitillery, (hall charge the diftiller upon any decreafe of walh, pot-ale, low wines, or finglings, produced from corn, for a quantity of fpirits, after the rate of one gallon of fpirits for every nine gallons of walh or pot-ale, and of one gallon of fpirits for every three gallons of finglings or low wines fo (Recreated ; and whea and as often as any ftill in l'uch diftillery (hall be charged with fuch wa(h, pot-ale, low wines, or finglings refpectively, fuch officer (hall charge the diftiller for a quantity of fpirits after the like rate, according to the cqntent of fuch ftill, eftimated as in this adt is mentioned, deducing from fuch content one-twelfth part thereof for liberty for fuch (till* to work j and that all fuch charges (hall be made without any regard to the quantity of corn malted or untnalted, ufed or fuppofed or calculated to be ufed by fuch diftiller^ any thing in any adt or adts in force in Ireland 0 the contrary notwithftanding.
    CVII. And be it further enadted, That, from and after the Charge ofl faid fifteenth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five, in diftillers ia lieu and inftead of any charge on any diftiller in refpedt of any re,Pc^ of number of charges of finglings or low wines for any ftill for charges of twenty-five working days, under or by virtue of any adt or adts in low wines force in Ireland at the time of the parting of this adt, every from *5lh diftiller fhall, for every twenty.five working days while any ftill i8(,5* (ball continue working, or be chargeable as working, after the faid fifteenth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five, and until and upon the twenty-ninth day of          one thou-
 fand eight hundred and five, be charged with and pay duty for fuch quantity of fpirits as might be produced (according to the
                                                          rate
   
$192 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 104. [1805.
              rate before mentioned) from the feveral numbers of charges of finglings or low wines herein-after feverally fet forth, for and in refpeft of each and every ftill being of the feveral contents following ; that is to fay.
                From fifty charges of low wines or finglings for every ftill under feven hundred and fifty gallons content, and not lefs than five hundred gallons content:
                From forty-eight fuch charges for every ftill under one thoufand gallons content, and not lefs than feven hundred and fifty gallons content:
                From forty-four fuch charges for every ftill under twelve hundred and fifty gallons content, and not lefs than one thoufand gallons content:
                From forty-two fuch charges for every ftill under one thoufand five hundred gallons content, and not lefs than twelve hundred and fifty gallons content:            ,
                From forty fuch charges for every ftill under one thoufand feven hundred and fifty gallons content, and not lefs than fifteen hundred gallons content:
                From thirty-nine fuch charges for every ftill under two thoufand gallons content, and not lefs than one thoufand feven hundred and fifty gallons content:
                From thirty-eight' fuch charges for every ftill under two thoufand two hundred and fifty gallons content, and not lefs than two thoufand gallons content :
                From thirty-feven fuch charges for every ftill under two thoufand five hundred gallons content, and not lefs than two thoufand two hundred and fifty gallons content:
                From thirty-fix filch charges for every ftill under two thoufand feven hundred and fifty gallons content, and not lefs than two thoufand five hundred gallons content:
                From thirty-five fuch charges for every ftill under three thoufand gallons content, and not lefs than two thoufand feven hundred and fifty gallons content:
                From thirty-three fuch charges for every ftill of three thoufand gallons content and upwards :
            • And fo in proportion for any.lefs number of working days than twenty-five which fuch ftill lhall continue working, or be chargeable as working under any aft or afts in force in           ,   imme-
              diately before the palling of this aft: and every fuch diftiller (hall alfo be charged with and pay duty for as much more fpirits as might be produced (according to the rate aforefaitl) from all pot-ale, walli, low wines, or finglings which fuch diftiller (hall aftually diftil within any fuch period of twenty-five working days or any lefs number of working days as aforefaid.
 Such charges C VIII. And be it further enaded, That every fuch charge, lhall be paid an£j t|1e duty jn refpcft thereof, lhall be made and returned by fn               ^ °ftcer> and the fa,d duty                      be Pa‘d by the diftiller in fuch
             manner, and under and fubjeft to fuch rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as are contained in any act or ads in force
in
  I.
 p
 *
 p
 *>
I
*
t
 1805.] Annoregn! quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 105. 1193
 in Inland at the time of the paffing of this aft; and that all fuch rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, (hall be applied, in the charging, levying, collefting, and recovering all fuch duties, as fully and effeftually to all intents and purpofes as if the faid rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures were repeated and re-enafted in this aft.
    CIX. And be it further enafted. That an aft made in the 43 G. j. 0.9*. forty-third year of his prefent Majelty’s reign, intituled, yin all repealed. to amend the ails now in force for fecuring the celled ion of the revenue upon malt, andfor regulating the trade of a        in Ireland,
 fhall, from and after the twenty-ninth day of             one
 thoufapd eight hundred and five, ceafe and 'determine during the continuance of this aft.
    CX. And be it further enafted. That this aft (hall commence Commsnce-and take efFeft upon and from the twenty-ninth day of         of aft.
 one thoufand eight hundred and five, except in fuch cafes as any. other time is mentioned for the commencement of any of the     .    ;
 provifions in this aft contained.
    CXI. And be it further enafted. That this aft fhall continue Continuance in force until the twenty-ninth day of      , one thoufand of aft.
 eight hundred and fix.
                       CAP. CV.
 An aH to eontinue until the twenty-ninth day of September one
    thoufand eight hundred and fix, and amend      ails  for regulating the colleilion of the duties in Ireland, on   On
       dwelling-houfes, on coaches and other con male on horfes, and on dogs.—July 10, 1805.]
 WHEREAS the feveral ails nowin force in Ireland,
                colleilion of the taxes upon houfes, according to the number of fire-hearths, and of windows or lights therein  ;   and  alfo
 the taxes upon carriages; and upon male fervants; and upon horfes, mares, geldings, or mules; and upon dogs j and upon makers and fellers of carriages, are infufficient; and it is expedient to provide for the better enforcing and fecuring the colleilion of the faid taxes \ be it enafted by the King’s moll excellent majeily, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords Ipiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the expiration irjft, hearth-of Ten days after the paffing of this aft, an aft made in the money aft parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his prefent Majefty’s 40.G 3 c.3*. reign, intituled, An ail to regulate the colleilion of the rates taxes in Ireland, in refpeil of fire-hearths, coaches, and other carriages, and of male fervants, and on dwelling-houfes inhabited according to the number of windows or lights therein refpeilively, and to fecure the due payment thereof, fhall, during the continuance of this aft, ceafe and determine; except fo far as relates to the recovering, collefting, paying, and accounting for any taxes, or arrears of taxes, or any fines, penalties, or forfeitures, recoverable under or by virtue of the faid afts, and which fhall or may have become *                                                        due, •
      Go gfe
Digitize
 and charge the tax on hearths and windows.
 1194 Antloregni quadragefimoqurnto Georgii III. c. 105. [1805.
             due, or been incurred at any time previous to the expiration of ten days after the palling of this adt.
 Officer em- II. And be it further enadted, That from and after the ex-enter'anc*0 piration of ten days after the pairing of this adt, it (hall and may furvey'houfes lawM for any officer, appointed by the commiffioners of inland excife to colledt or fuperintenJ the colledtion of the faid taxes, or any of them* at any time in the day-time, between the hours of ten of the clock in the fore'noon and funfet (with the affiflance of a magiltrate, conltable, or other perfon acting as a peace-officer) to enter into any houfe, and into every out-houfe and edifice appertaining thereto, and into the feveral apartments therein, and take information from his own view and furvey of the number of fire-hearths, and other places ufed for firing and ftoves therein, and alfo of the number of windows or lights therein, and fuch houfe or edifice (hall be charged accordingly with the taxes in refpedt of the fire-hearths, and of the number , of windows or lights therein : provided always, that if any houfe or edifice has been newly built, fuch fire-hearths therein, as appear not to be capable of being ufed at the time of fuch furvey, fhall not be charged, or if any fuch houfe or edifice fhall be finilhed only in part, fuch houfe or edifice lhall be rated only according to the inhabited part thereof.
   III. Provided always, and he it further enabled. That in any cafe where any fuch officer (hall have been admitted or lhall have made entry into any houfe or edifice for the purpofe aforefaid, the owner or occupier of fuch houfe or edifice, or other perfon who fhall attend fuch officer upon fuch furvey, upon confenting that
 Provifo for houfes newly built or unfinifhed.
 Owner may refufe officer admiffion into any room upon allowing it
 for one hearth and three windows.
 Taxes on hearths and windows
 f^rb«n^hargCtl houfe or edifice fhall be chargable with the tax in refpedt of one fire-hearth and of three windows for any room therein, may refufe to admit fuch officer into any fuch room, except the fame be a kitchen or a room in an out-houfe; and in every fuch cafe every officer fhall accordingly charge fuch houfe with the tax in refpedt of one fire-hearth and three windows for every fuch room.
                IV.    And be it further enadted, That the taxes on fire-hearths, an<l on windows or lights, or on houfes in refpedt thereof, lhall
 chargeable on barged on and be payable by the occupiers of all houfes and occupier. 'he out-houfes and edifices thereunto belonging refpedtivcly, and fhall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch occupier, or on the goods and chattels of any fubfequent occupier of fuch houfe at any time for the fpace of two years and no longer, after the faid taxes lhall become due.
                V.    Provided always, and be it enadted. That .where any dwelling-houle or edifice, or any part thereof, is or lhall be let in different apartments to any perfon or perfons, the landlord or owner of fuch houfe or edifice fhall be deemed to be the occupier of the faid houfe or edifice, and fhall be charged with and be liable to pay the tax in refpedt of windows or lights for fuch dwclling-houfe or edifice.
                VI.                 And be it further enadted, That, where there fhall bean be char' . internal communication between any two houfes adjoining each •lie.* 'Ke 3S othcr, and the fame fhall be occupied by one perfon, and his or
                                                                                                                    her
 Owner of honfe let in lodgings lhall be con fidered as occupier.
 Two houfes united (hall

 I
 !
 t
*
i
I
.
t
*
t
t
f
I
*
p
i
:
st
                                                                                                                                                    !»
                                                                                                                                                   0
                                                                                                                                                    P
                                                                                                                                                   r-
                                                                                                                                                   IP
                                                                                                                                                   I*
                                                                                                                                                   p
                                                                                                                                                   ¥
                                                                                                                                                    0
                                                                                                                                                   '0
                                                                                                                                                   W
                                                                                                                                                   i
                                                                                                                                                    Ik
                                                                                                                                                    f
                                                                                                                                                    P
                                                                                                                                                    t
                                                                                                                                                    V
                                                                                                                                                    ♦
                                                                                                                                                    P
                                                                                                                                                    I*
                                                                                                                                                    P
  1805.] Annoregni quadragefimoquintoGEottGii III. c. 105. 1195
  her family, the taxes in refpeft of fire-hearths and of windows or lights ftiafl be rated as if fuch two houfes were oneTtoufe.
    VIII.     Arid Be it further enadled. That no houfe fituate within Duty on the diftrift of the metropolis of ’DabUn> of within any city or {1(^rjjjs ’n town corporate, and containing fix hearths or upwards, in which hoiffes two no (hop {hall be kept for the falepf'any goods, or in which no (hillings each, fpirituous or -other liquors (hall be foldj and which (hall be wholly fet for lodgings and Occupied by lodgers, each lodging fet to or occupied by one perfon or family, and not confiding of more than one room, nor any houfe containing eight hearths or upwards, the greater part of the rooms in which (hall be fet to «r occupied by lodgers, each lodger not fubjeA to a rate exceeding five pounds yearly, though the fame (hall be partly inhabited by the owner, (hall be charged with any higher rate of tax than two (hillings for each hearth or other firing-place therein.
    VIII.  ‘And be it further enatded. That if in any houfe con- Lodging-
  taining eight windows or more, any room or rooms (hall be houfes to be ^oicupied by any lodger or lodgers not paying refpedfively a rent ^taergQf1(^ethc exceeding five pounds yearly for fuch lodging, fo much of the        pC*
  tax on fuch 'houfe in refpe£l of all the windows or lights therein window.
  as (hall, itr refpedt of the windows or lights in the part of fuch houfe fo occupied, exceed one (hilling for each window or light, fhall be deduced from the whole charge for fuch houfe.
    IX.      And be it further enabled. That every kitchen, fcullery, Windows in butlery, pantry, larder, wa(hhoufe, landry, bakehoufe, brewhoufe,all out-oificca and lodging-room belonging to or occupied with any dwelling-(hall be
  ‘houfe in Ireland, (hall be deemed and taken to be part of fuch chargcd. dwelling-houfe, and all windows or lights therein, and alfo all (ky-lightsor windows or lights in ftair-cales, garrets, cellars, paflages, and in all other parts of dwelling-houfes, to what ufe or purpofe foever applied, (hall be reckoned and included in the number of windows in refpedt of which fuch dwelling-houfe (hall be charged with duty under this a£t.
    X.      And be it further enafted, That when a partition or divi- what (had be fion in any window or light (hall be of the breadth or fpace of reckoned as twelve inches or more, the windows or lights on each fide ofd*ft>nS w,n* fuch partition or divifion (hall he deemed as diftindl windows or ows‘ lights, and (hall be rated accordingly : provided always, that
  every window in a frame which is or (hall be extended fo far as to give light into more rooms than one, (hall be reckoned and charged for fo many feparate windows as there are rooms lighted thereby.
    XI.  And be it further ena&ed. That no hofpital, charity-How occu-
  fchool, or houfe provided for the reception or relief of poor piers ofapart-perfons, nor any gaol, prifon, or feflion-houfe, nor any hall, ,T)*nt*h°f* office, or other publick building whatfoever in     , (hall be puhlfckoffice*
  charged to the payment of the duty in refpetf of hearths or win- (hall be dows therein, otherwife than in manner herein-after mentioned : charged to that is to fay, all the dwelling-rooms and apartments in any hearths and fuch publick building being occupied by any officer of or belong-
  ing to or employed in the fame, or by any fervant of fuch officer, b
      Co gle
 Exemptions as to ware-houles, wtav- '
 1196 Anno regni quadrage(imo quinto Georg 11 III. c. 103. [i8o^<
              iha]] be deemed inhabited houfes within the meaning of this ad, and (hall be liable to the tax on hearths accordingly, and all fuch rooms and apartments not containing mor.e than fix windows (hall be charged with the tax jn eefped of^indew5 at ?he rate of one (hilling for every window or light therein ; and if fitch rooms and apartments (hall contain more than fix windows or lights, then they (hall be charged with the faid qix as if they were an entire houfe, and the perfons refpedively bty whom or by whofe fervants fuch rooms or apartments are or (hall be inhabited, (hall be chargeable with and liable to pay the faid taxes as occupiers of inhabited hou(es under this ad.
  XII.    Provided always, and. be it enaded, That nothing in this aft, or in any other ad or ads in force in       relating to the
 in '-rooms, taxes on houfes in refped of windows, (halj extend or be con-and boarding* drued to extend to charg?;wit.h fuch tax any warehoufe or icbools. workhoufe being a diftind anchfeparate building, and not a part or parcel of the dweliing-houfe or (hop, nor occupied as a dwelling-place, but; employed foldy for the purpofe of lodging goods, wares, or merchandize, or for carrying on fome manufacture or trade, although the fame may adjoin to or have an internal communication with the dweliing-houfe; nor to charge with fuch tax any dweliing-houfe or other building in refped of any window which (hall be occupied with or uled for a loom, which (hall be (landing at fuch window and be really ufed in weaving; nor to charge any dweliing-houfe occupied wholly as a boarding-fehool for the education of children, and kept by a perfon licenfed to keep a febool with any higher rate or tax than one-(hilling for each window or light therein : provided always, that where any perfon (hall dwell in any part of any warehoufe or workhoufe, fuch parts thereof as (hall be inhabited (hall be con-fidered as part of the principal dweliing-houfe, and the windows or lights therein (hall be rated with the windows or lights in the principal dweliing-houfe as one and the fame houfe: provided alfo, that every perfon keeping a boarding-fehool (hall make and fign an affidavit thereof, dating the number of windows or lights in the houle and buildings occupied by fuch perfon for fuch purpofe, before fome judice of the peace, and (ball deliver fuch affidavit to the collector of the taxes in refped of window-lights, or on failure thereof fuch perfon fhall not be entitled to any abatement of the full duty chargeable on fuch houfe and buildings in refped of/the windows or lights therein.                         ■
  Taxon          XIII.  Provided  always,  and be it enabled. That the faid
  hearths and taxes in refped of fire-hearths or windows (hall not be charged m![l<beWS on ^'S Majedy’s cadle of           , or on any houfe within the
  charged on circuit thereof, or on any houfe or tenement provided 'for the Dublin Caftle refidence of the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or go-or College, vernors of Ireland for the time being, or of the chief fecretary to the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, or of the under fecretaries in his office ; nor on the college of ibe Holy and Undivided Trinity, of Queen                          , near
  Declaration XIV. And be it further enaded, That the owner or occupier and return                                                     .          0f


 1805.] AnnoregniquadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c.105. 1197
 of every dwelling-houfe, in which, with the out-houfe or other pf number of edifice appertaining thereto, there (hall be two or more hearths windows and or places ufed for firing or ftoves, or feven or more windows or iear 14 ’ lights, (hall, when required by any officer empowered to collect the faid taxes upon hearths and windows, make due and imme-diate declaration and return of the greateft number of hearths, firing-places, or ftoves, and of windows or lights refpedlively, which were in his or her houfe or premifes on the twenty-fifth day of March then next preceding; and fhall, within fourteen and of win-days after any additional hearth or window fhall be made or <jows or opened, deliver or caufe to be delivered to the officer aforefaid, ^opened! * or in his abfence, to the colle«ftor of excife of the diftridl, a true lift or account in writing, under his or her hand, of every fuch additional hearth and window refpe&ively; and if any fuch owner or occupier fliall refufe or oegletft to make or deliver fuch declaration or return, lift, or account, or fliall make any undue or .falfe declaration or return, lift or account, fuch owner or occupier fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds, and (hall be chargeable with and pay double the tax which he or (he ought oiherwife by law to be charged with, in refpe& of hearths or windows as the cafe may be; and if at any time a greater number of hearths or windows fhall be discovered in any houfe, out-houfe, or edifice appertaining thereto, than the numbers refpe&ively exprefl’ed in fuch declaration or return, lift, or account, it fhall be taken and received as fufficient proof of a falfe or untrue return, lift, or account, unlefs due proof be mado by fuch owner or occupier, that the hearth or window fo exceeding had been made or opened within fourteen days.
   XV.   And whereas doubts may arife         refpefl the yearly rents which
 tenements or dwelling-houfes, not having more than fix windows or lights, may be worth, or the yearly rents which may be paid by the occupiers refpeflively, or the value of the goods or chattels fuch occupiers
 may have over and above all their juft debts, be it ena&ed, That in For afeertam-
 every cafe wherein any officer, or other perfon authorifed to ing the rents collect the taxes under this act, fhall doubt or fhall fufpeft the of houfes with truth of any declaration made by the occupier thereof, fuch oniy,muOW* occupier fhall, within fix days after demand, deliver to fuch officer or other perfon a certificate in writing or print, and figned by the perfon from and immediately under whom fuch occupier holds fuch tenement or dwelling-houfe, or of his or her known agent, in the form following :
 ‘ T A. B.do certify that I know C. D, of . in the parifh of
   X F. and that he [or fhe, as the cafe may be] is tenant to me,
 [ory to G. H. to whom I am agent or receiv,] and that the houfe or tenement at E., of which the laid C. D. is occupier, is not worth the yearly rent of fifty (hillings, [or five pounds, as the cafe may be,J nor. doth the faid C. D. pay rent to me, or to any •oiher perfon to my knowledge or belief, for the fard houfe or tenement, or any other tenement or land, to a greater annual atpouat in the whole than five pounds yearly, (money paid for
                                                       x corn-
   
                                         1198 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 105. [1805.
                 corn-acres, potatoe-Jand by the crop in the nature of corn-acres, and for grazing, excepted), nor hath the faid C. D. to the beft of my judgement, knowledge, and belief, goods or chattels to the value of ten pounds over and above all his her, as the cafe may beJ juft debts.
            .                                        (Signed)     *
                    ' And at the foot of every fuch certificate (hall be annexed an affidavit of the occupier of fuch tenement and houfe, made before feme juftice of the peace, in form following:
                    ‘ T       C.D.of E.      in the parifh of F.> do fwear, that I hold and
                       JL occupy the houfe at E.aforefaid in which I dwell, of A 5., and that the faid tenement and houfe is not worth the yearly rent of fifty (hillings, [or five pounds, as the cafe may bef\ and that I have not any goods or chattels to the value of ten pounds over and above all my juft debts, and that I do not pay rent for houfe, or houfe and land, altogether to a greater annual amount than five pounds yearly, (money paid for corn-acres, potatoe-land by the crop in the nature of corn-acres, and for grazing, excepted).*
 Charge on
 hearths, &c. from 16th March yearly; Penalty on flopping up hearths, &c. double tax.
                 And fuch certificate and affidavit (hall be conclufive with refpedl to the faid charge: provided always, that fuch certificate and affidavit (hall be delivered to the colle&or, or other perfon au-thorifed to collect the faid tax, within eight days after the firft demand (hall be made of the (aid tax, during which eight days it fhall not be lawful to take any diftrefs for the fame ; and if, during the year for which any new charge (hall be made, the perfon authorifed to colledt the faid tax, fhall have reafon to believe that any change of circumftances may have rendered any fuch occupier fubjetft to fuch charge, he may demand that fuch certificate and affidavit fhall be renewed, and on failure thereof he (hall and may proceed to levy the tax.
                    XVI.     And be it further enadted, That every owner or occupier of any dwelling-houfc fhall be charged with the tax in rcfpe£fc of fire-hearths and windows for the whole year, for fuch number of fire-hearths and windows as fhall be in fuch dwelling-houfe, or in any out-houfe or edifice appertaining thereto, on the twenty-fixth day of March in any year; and that if any perfon (hall, in order to evade the payment of the tax in refpedt of fire-hearths or on windows or lights, payable within fuch year, ftop up, deface, cover, or conceal any hearth, firing-place, or ftove, or any window or light chargeable with the faid tax, and the fame be proved, either by confefiion of the party, or upon oath before any juftice, or by the view of fuch juftice, every fuch perfon (hall he charged with and pay double the amount of the tax for the fame re(pe<5livdy: provided always, that the proof of the time that any fuch hearth, fire-place, window, or light, may have been flopped, (hall lie on the owner or occupier of the houle : provided alfo, that no hearth, fire-place, ftove, window, or light, (hall be deemed to be flopped up, unlefs the whole of fuch hearth, fireplace.
Digitized by (jO 'glC
 *
 I
 ■
 *
 I
 I
 I
                                                                                     I
 I.
 r.
 il
 if
 tJ
 i»
 f!
 n
 £
 I
 f*
 *
 :fr
 P
 ¥
 *
 »
 i»
 p
 *
 {
 *•
 *
 *
 i5
 *
 >
 >
 *
                                             1805.] Anno regniquadragefimo quinto GeorgiiHI. c. 105. 1199
      place, or ftove, be built up with Hones or bricks and mortar made with lime, or, fuch window or light be Hopped up with the fame materials as the wall or roof adjoining thereto is compofcd of.
         XVII.       And be it further enabled. That in all cafes where any Levying the perfon is by this ail chargeable as occupier of any dwelling-houfe hearth and for the taxes in refpeCl of the fire-hearths or windows therein, fuch perfon fhall pay the faid taxes on demand of the proper bhye l0<^gs , officer, made either at the houfe in refpeCl of which fuch taxes the landlord are chvgeable, or at the dwelling-houfe of the perfon fo charge-chargeable as able, inhe perfon fo chargeable Ihall not reftde at the houfe in occupier. 'Vefpeit oPWhich fuch taxes are chargeable; and all goods and chattels in either of fuch houfes, and all goods and chattels of the party fo chargeable, wherever the fame Ihall be found, fhall be fubjeil and liable to the payment of the faid taxes; and in default of payment of the faid taxes, it fhall be lawful for fuch officer to make entry into any or either of fuch houfes, and any edifices appertaining thereto, and to levy all fums due for fuch taxes, not exceeding two years’ amount of fuch taxes, by difirefs and falc of any goods and chattels found in the faid houfes refpeftively, or of any other goods or chattels of or belonging to the perfon fo chargeable, refioring the overplus, if any, after the payment of all fuch taxes, and the charges of fuch difirefs, which fhall in no cafe exceed one-fourth part of the taxes fo due, to the owner of fuch goods and chattels.
        XVIII.      And be it further ena£ted. That every perfon keeping Perfons keep-carriages for hire, fhall paint or caufe to be painted, in oil-co- >nS carriages lours, on a board, with letters vifible and legible, at leaft one for h‘r* inch long, in white upon a black ground, or in black upon a pcnajjy 10/. white ground, his or her name and furname at full length, and the words, “ licenfed to keep carriages for hire;” which board ihall be affixed in forne conlpicuous place on the outfide of the front of the houfe of fuch perfon, not more than three feet difiant from the top of the (hop-door or ftreet-door of fuch houfe, and fuch perfon fhall preferve and keep up the fame during the time fuch perfon fhall continue to keep fuch carriage or carriages, or in default thereof fhall forfeit refpeCtively the futa of ten pounds.    **
           XIX. And be it further cnaCted, Tliat every perfon carrying Duties on the trade of a coachinaker, or maker of any carriage charge- £oachrnakers able with duty, and every perfon who fhall fell any fuch carriage aiul fciijr8 Qf by way of auction or on commiffion, for or in expectation of carriages fhall profit or reward in Ireland, fhall, on demand of any collector of be paid yearly the tax on fire-hearths or other perfon authorifed after the palling of this aCt, and after the twenty-fifth day of March in every year, c0i|e6tor. and before he Or fhe fhall make, build, or conftruCt, or fhall fell Penalty 10/. or expefe for fale any fuch carriage refpeCtively, pay to fuch collector or other perfon as aforefaid, the rates or duties which he o. the fhall be then chargeable with in refpeCt of carrying on the *„.d trade of a coachmaker, or maker of carriages chargeable with y; or of felling fuch carriage as aforefaid; and the faid collector other perlon ihall, immediately on receiving the rates or duties
                                                                    as
       
                                                                                                                                     1
 ney-coachts, k
                                        1200 AnnoregniquadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 105. [1805.
                as aforefaid, give an acquittance or certificate under his hand to fuch coach maker, or to fuch maker or feller of carriages as aforefaid, which acquittance or certificate (hall fully deferibe his or her refidence, whether the rates or duties be paid on account or in refpeft of fuch perfon being a coachmaker or maker of carriages chargeable with tax, or of being a feller of fuch carriages by way of au&ion or on commilTion, for or in expectation of profit or reward, and be duly dated on the day of payment, which ‘        acquittance  or certificate {hall be evidence of fuch coacljinaker,
                or maker or feller of carriages as aforefaid, having paid "the faid rates or duties on the day ftated therein refpeftivcly; and if any fuch perfon fhall make, build, or conftruft, or fhall fell by . auftion or on commiflion, for or in expectation of profit or reward, any fuch carriage in     , during the continuance of
                this aft, or after the twenty-fifth day of in any year, and
                before he or fhe fhall have paid to the collector of the tax on fire-hearths, or other perfon authorifed, the duty or tax he or fhe {hall be chargeable with refpeftivcly as aforefaid, fuch perfon for every fuch offence (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.
 What fhall he XX. And be it further enafted, That no hackney coach, nor deemed hack- any coacl, or carriage let out for pofting, fhall be exempted as fuch, unlefs fuch hackney-coach or other carriage, and the owner thereof, or perfon letting the fame, {hall be duly licenfed according to law; nor {hall any carriage be exempted as a carriage let out to hire, unlefs the perfon keeping the fame {hall take out a licence for that purpofe from the colleftorof the diftrift in which he or {he (hall refide, which licence fuch colleftor fhall grant without fee or reward; nor unlefs the name and furname of the perfon keeping any fuch carriage, not being a mourning-coach or hearfe, and his or her place of abode be painted on the outfide of the pannel of each door of fuch carriage, in words at length, in white letters on a black ground, or in black letters on a white ground, not lefs than one inch long.
                  XXI.   And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or
                any other aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge any hackney-coach, or any coach crchaife let out for polling by the mile or otherwife, or any mourning-coach ufed only as fuch, or any horfe, or any flage or mail-coach, or any coach or chaife ufed in the cities of    ,    , lVaterfordt
                        Limerick, or Belfafl, folelv for the purpofe of being let out by the job, with any of the duties impofed on carriages by any aft or afts of this prefent leffion of parliament.
 XXII.                 And be it further enafted, That every perfon in Ireland nagescharged having in his, her, or their keeping or pofieffufti any carriage ZSSkl chargeable with duty, under or by virtue of any aft or afts in ion they are force in Ireland, belonging to any other perfon (other than and
                except coachmakers having carriages in their pofieflion for fale) fhall be charged with and pay the tax payable for fuch carriage, in the fame manner as the owner or proprietor thereof is or ought to be charged or charscablc for the fame,
                                                                                                  XXIII. And
 Certain carriages exempted from duty.
 Tax on ear-
   Gck gle
 I
 I
 I
 I
 ■
 e
 i
 k
 k
 h
• '
I
*
i'-
ll
P
*
r
I
\
0
6
t
b
*
6
*
!
t*
 2805.] Anno rcgra ^ladragtfuno qaiMd3BEoB.cn III. c. 105. 1201
   XXIII.    And be it further enacled, That every perfon in Ireland Lifts of carhaving, keeping, ufing, or employing, or having had, kept, ufed, riages, fer-or employed, fince the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, any carriage with two wheels or four ^,au be deli-wheels, or any male fervanr, or any dog, or any horfe, marej vered by owngelding, or mule, upon or in refpeft of which any tax or duty ers to officers, is or may be impofed by any a& or a£ts now or at any time °n dt mand. hereafter in force in Ireland fhall, upon demand, or within ten and double* days after notice ferved by the colleflor of the taxes on fire- tax. hearths, or by any officer appointed by the faid commiffioners of excife, to colie£t or fuperihtend the collection of any of the taxes in this ad mentioned, in the parifh or diflrid in which fuch perfon fhall refide, deliver to fuch colledor or other officer, a true lift dr Account in writing under his or her hand, of every fuch carriage, and of every fuch male fervant, and of every fuch dog, ahd of every fuch horfe, mare, gelding, and mule, which any fuch perfon (hall or may have had, kept, ufed, or employed, or fhall or may have, keep, ufe, or employ, at the time of fuch demand, or at the time of the receipt of any fuch notice, or at any time after the (aid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, or at any time after the twenty-fifth day of March in any fubfequent year; and which lift (ball contain the name and fur-name of the perfon delivering fuch lift, the name of his or her refidence or place of abode at the time of delivering fuch lift, and of the place, parifh, barony, and county in which fuch refidencu is fituate, and thre defeription of every fuch carriage with four wheels, and every fuch carriage with two* wheels; and the name and furname of every fuch fervanr, and the capacity in Which fuch fervtfttt was or is or fhall be employed, and the kind or defeription of every fuch dog, and the ufes or purpofes for which every fuch horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, was or is, or (hall be -kept or ufed ; and from time to time, as often as any fuch perfon (hall keep or have any additional carriage, or fhall retain Or .employ any additional fervant, or fhall keep or ufe any additional ’ ,•
 dog, or any additional horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, beyond the number of the fame refpe&ively, exprefled in any fuch lift, then every fuch perfon YefpedVively fhall, within fourteen days aftdr . fuch additional carriage fhall be kept or come into the pofleffioh of fuch perfon, or after any additional male fervant ftiafl be tained or employed, or any additional dog, or any additional horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, fhall be^kept or ufed by fuch perfon, in like manner deliver to the faid colle&or, or other officer, a like lift or account of every fuch additional carriage, male fervant, dog, horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, as the cafe may be; and if any fuch perfon fhall neglitf or refufe to deliver, ih manner aforefaid, any fuch lift or account as is lieidin-befoi'e required, or fhall make or deliver any undtfo or falfe lift or account of the matters and things aforefaid, or any of them; or if at any time any fuch perfon fhall keep, retain, employ, or ufe any greater number of carriages, fervants, dogs, horfes, mire*, geldings, or niules, than (hall be exprefTed and mentioned ih Vol. XLV.                      4 H                       fuch
         C° gle                          '         .        3R0KPUBLlV^
                                                                I
 Accounts (hall be kept and delivered by coachmakers
                                         1202 Anno regniquadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 105. [1805.
fuch lift or account delivered by fuch perfon purfuant to this ad, or (hall keep, retain, employ, or ufe any carriage, fervant, dog, horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, not exprefled and mentioned irt fuch lift* fuch perfon (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds, and (hall be chargeable with and pay double the tax which fuch perfon ought otherwife by law to be charged with, in refpedbof any fuch carriage, fervant, dog, horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, as the cafe may be, of which fuch perfon (hall have neglected or refufed to deliver a lift or account in manner required by this adl.
  XXIV.                 And be it further enacted. That every coachmaker or maker of carriages (hall, from time to time, enter in a book tb be kept folely for that purpofe by fuch coachmaker or maker of carriages, the number and kinds of carriages by him built and and fellers of conftrudted for fale, diftinguilhingthe number of wheels of each; carnages. anj jf wjt(l two wheels, whether conftrudted to be drawn by two en ty 50 . borfes abreaft or otherwife ; and the number fold, and the names and places of abode of the perfons to whom fold, and the days on which each carriage was delivered or fent out of the (hop or warehoufe of fuch coachmaker or maker of carriages; and every perfon felling carriages by audtion or on commiftionas aforefaid, (hall keep a like book, and in like manner enter in the fame the number and kinds of carriages fold by fuch perfon, diftinguifhing the number of wheels of each, and the days on which fuch car* riages were fold, and to whom they were fo fold refpedtively ; all which books (hall, at all rcafonable times in the day-time, be open to the infpedtion of the colledtor of the tax on fire-hearths, or any officer appointed to fuperintend the colledlion of the tax on fire-hearths in the diftridt where fuch coachmaker or maker of carriages or other perfon (hall refide, and carry on his bufinefs ; and fuch infpedtor, fupervifor, and colledtor, (hall have power to enter into the houle, manufactory, workfhop, and other buildings of every fuch coachmaker or maker of carriages, and perfon felling carriages as aforefaid, and take an account of all carriages there^ and to fatisfy himfelf of the truth of fuch entries in any fuch houfes refpedlively; and every fuch coachmaker or maker of carriages, and other perfon hereby required to keep fuch account refpedtively, (hall, within twenty days after the twenty-fourth day of June, the twenty-ninth day of                  , the twenty-fifth day
                 of December, and the twenty-fifth day of-   in each and every
                 year after the palling of this ad, deliver a true copy in writing of all and every entry made in fuch book or books refpedlively, within the quarter of a year ending on fuch day refpedlively, containing the feveral matters and things before diredted, to the colledtor of excifeof the diftridl in which fuch coachmaker or maker-of carriages or other perfon (hall refide; and when required fo to do by thecommidioners of JfHand excife,or colledtor of inland cxcHein fuch diftridt, every fuch coachmaker or maker of carriages or other perfon, or his or her chief fervant, workman, or manager, (hall make oath (or being a quaker, an affirmation) of the truth ,«f luch account, according to the beft of his knowledge and
                                                                                                          belief.
    Gck gle
  !
I
*
ii
n
!»
r
R
k
R
J-
*
R
R
R
!*
R.
[*
|R /
i(t
r-
ft
*
*»
IR..'
i
*
r*
R
R
R
*
P
£
«R
rK
*
M
f
0
if
i'
a
 t.
 1S05.] Anno regtii quadragefimo quinto GEOEtfh III. c. 105. 1203
 belief; and every fuch copy of the account to be delivered by fuch coachmaker or maker of carriages or other perfon {hall, to the bed of his or her knowledge and belief, exprefs the Chriftian and furname of every perfon Required to be entered in fuch account, and the place or places of his* her, or their ufual refidence; and if any fuch coachmaker or maker of carriages or other perfon (hall negleCt to keep fuch account; or deliver fuch copy thereof, or (hall wilfully omit any defcription which ought to be contained therein, or fhall refufe to admit any fuch infpeCtor, fupervifor, or collector, into the houfe, manufactory, workfhop, or other buildings of fuch coachnTaker or maker of carriages or other perfon, at a reafonable hour, for the purpofes aforefaid, fuch coach-maker'or maker of carriages or other perfon {hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.
   XXV iAnd be it further enacted, That the collector of Duties on excife of the diftriCt to whom fuch account as aforefaid {hall be     be"**
 delivered by any coachmaker or maker of carriages, or by any paijtohearth-perfon felling carriages as aforefaid, fhall forthwith tranfmit to money col* the feveral collectors of the dutv on fire-hearths within his lectors.
                                  J    •
 diftriCt, an account of all fuch duties as fhall be due from any coachmaker or maker of carriages, or perfons felling carriages, within the walk of fuch collectors of the duties on fire-hearths refpeCtively; and fuch collectors of the duties on fire-hearths fhall demand, receive, and colleCt the faid duties accordingly* in fuch manner, and with fuch powers and authorities as the duties on fire-hearths may be collected under or by virtue of tjtis aCt, or any other aCt or aCts in force in Ireland.
   XXVI.     And be it further enaCted, That the taxes in refpeCt Tax on fer-
 6f male fervants fhall not extend to any fervant who (hall be        to**
 really retained or employed for the purpofe of hufbandry or fcrvant» in manufacture, or of any trade or calling, by which the matter hufbandry. or miffrefs of fuch fervant fhall earn a livelihood or profit*
 and who (hall not at any time be employed in any capacity in refpeCt of which a tax is payable for any fervant.
   XXVII.       Provided alfo, That the tax payable for every coach- B>' whom the map, groom, or poftiiion in Ireland, let out to hire by way of*ar*°”g ^ ' job, fhall be paid by the perfon or perfons by whom fuch coach- jet hire, man, groom, or poftiiion, fhall be let to hire refpeCtively ; and and on gar-the tax payable for any gardener retained or employed by any deners (hall perfon who fhall contract for the keeping of any garden, fhall be 1)6 Pai“* paid by the perfon forwhofe ufe and in whole garden fuch gardener (hall be employed.
   XXVIII.       Provided always, and be It enaCted* That the taxes Exemption payable for male fervants fhall not be charged in refpeCt of the f°r fervants fervants of the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or gover-
 nors of Ireland for the time being ; nor In refpeCt of any butler, *    '■
 cook, gardener, or porter of the college of the and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, nor in refpeCt of any fervants of the Royal Hofpital near Kilma, or of the Blue Coat Hofpital or Lying-in Hofpital in        , or  any hofpital
 er charitable inltuution.
                             4 h 2              XXIX.  Provided
         GO glC                   '                     .       ORK^UBLICJi
 Exemptions
 for fervants of officers in army and navy.
 fervants of half-pay ortictrt.
 ;i204 Annoregnrquadragefimoquinto Georgii III. C.T05. [180^.
                XXIX. Provided alfo, and be it enabled, That the (aid taxes on male fervants (hall riot be charged on any officer ferving in any regiment of horfe or dragoons, under the rank or not receiving the pay of a field-officer, provided he retain? no more than one fervant; nor on any officer ferving in any regiment of artillery, infantry, or marines, or corps of engineers, fbr any fervant who is actually a foldier in the regimdnt or company to which fuch officer fhall belong j nor on any officer in his Majeltv** navy under the rank of a mailer and commander, in a£hial employment, for any fervant who is borne upon the books of the Ihip to which fuch officer lhall belong. ,
 Exemption of XXX. And be it further enacted. That in all cafes Vhere any officer on half-pay from hisMajefty’s navy, army, or marines (hall be charged for the faid tax on male fervants for one male fervant only, it lhall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of his Majefty's revenue of inland excife, on application made to them by fuch officer, and proof made that he is an officer on half-pay as aforefaid, to the fatisfadtion of the faid commiffioners, to make an abatement of the whole tax from the charge againft fuch officer, with the content or direction of the commiffioners for executing the office of lord high-treafurer in Ireland.
                XXXI.      Arid be it further ena£ted, That every perfon who fhall deliver any lift or account required by this a<5t as aforefaid, and who lhall keep, ufe, or employ any carriage, male fervant, dog, horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, in any other place in Ireland
 perfon at dif- than the place where fuch lift or account lhall be delivered, (ball ferent places. jn every fach lift 0r account fet forth the whole number of carriages, fervants, dogs, horfes, mares, geldings, and mules kept and ufed by fuch perfon in Ireland, in order that fuch perfon may be charged for the fame according to the rate chargeable on the greateft number retained in the whole; and fuch perfon fhall fpccifv the places, with the parilh and barony in which the fame (hall tic fituate, where each fuch carriage, fervant, dog, horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, lhall be at the time when fuch perfon-fhall deliver fuch lift, and fhall make andfign a declaration of the parilh orplace'in which fuch perfon intends to pay for all fuch cariiages, fervants, dogs, horfes, mares, geldings, or mules ; and on proof of payment by any perfon of the taxes in refpeft of all fuch Carriages, fervants, dogs, horfes, mares, geldings, and mules in any one parilh or place by production of the receipt, figned by the collector to whom the payment lhall have been made, or of a certificate bv fuch collector, fuch perfon (hall be acquitted from the payment of the faid taxes refpedtively, in any other parilh or place in Ireland;and if any perfon (hall neglect or refufe to fet forth fuch particulars as are hereby required in fuch lifts or accounts, fuch perfons (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds.
                XXXII.    And whereas difficulties may fometimes arife in difeover-
              ing sodgers or inmates in houfes liable to pay the faid taxes in refpett of                carriages, male        fervants, , , , , and mules%
              he it therefore enacted, That every inhabitant houfeholder of any
                                                                                                                 heufe
 Lifts (haH be delivered of all carriages, kept by any
 Penalty to/.
 I
 Returns by houlek.ee per*
Go gle
 i
 i
 »
 B
 ■
 I
 r
 r
 *
 I
 %
 if
 P
 0
 t
 I
 f
 it
 I
 0'
 £
 i
 \*
 f
 «'
 lit
 I{
 i’
 i*
 f
 f
 V
 ?■
 ’f
 ?
 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. 0.1105. lt&S
 houfe in which any lodger or inmate (hall refide, who (hall keep of carriage*, or ufe any carriage, fervant, dog, horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, ^P1 bF upon or in refpedl of which any tax is or may be payable as pCIfaity iof. aforefaid, (hall deliver to any officer appointed to collect or fuperintend the colle&ion of any of the taxes aforefaid on demand, or within ten days after tfie notice ferved by fuch officer, a true lift or account in writing, under the hand of fuch inhabitant houfeholder expreffing the name and furname of every fuch lodger cr inmate, with an account of every carriage, fervant, dog, horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, kept, retained, employed, or ufed by fuch lodger or inmate to the beft of the knowledge and information of fuch inhabitant houfeholder; and if any fuch inhabitant houfeholder (hall negled or refufe to deliver fuch lift as aforefaid, or (hall wilfully omit or mifreprefent any defeription which ought to be contained therein., or' (hall make or deliver any undue or falfe lift or account, every perfon fo offending, (hall for evety fuch offence, forfeit the fuin of ten pounds.
    XXXIII.      And be it further enabled. That the notices by Form of no-this a& required to be given by any officer in refped of the tices (hall be taxes mentioned in. this ad requiring any lift or account thereof, ^mmiffioner* and the feveral lifts or accounts to be delivered purfuant to fuch 0f excifc. notices by every perfon fubjed to the faid taxes, or any of them,
 (hall and may be in fuch form or forms adapted to the particular-lifts or accounts required as the commiffioners of inland excife in Ireland may from time to time order, dired, and appoint.
    XXXIV.     Provided always, and be it enaded, That in cafe Returns on
 any perfon having or owning any houfe fubjed to the tax in behalf of ab-refped of fire-hearths or windows, or keeping, ufing, or em- frntees may be ploying, any carriage, or any fervant, or any dog, or any horfe,      w,eur
 mare, gelding, or mule upon or in refped of which any tax or
 duty is or may be payable as aforefaid, (hall be abfent from Ireland, then a lift or account of the fire-hearths and windows in any houfe belonging to fuch perfon, and of any and every carriage or fervant, or dog, or horfe, mare, gelding, or mule, kept, ufed, or employed by fuch perfon, made out and fubferibed by the agent, fteward, houfekeeper, or principal fervant of fuch perfon fo abfent, and delivered as aforefaid, (hall be of the fame effed as if fuch lift or account were made out and fubferibed and delivered by the perfon owning and occupying fuch houfe, or keeping, ufing, or employing any fuch carriage, fervant, dog, horfe, mare, gelding, or mule refpedively, as the cafe ipay be.
    XXXV.     And be it fqriher enaded, That in cafe any queftion Difputee (ball
 or difference (hall arife between any perfon charged or charge- be determined able with any tax in refped of fire-hearths, windows, carriages, bY j^tices, fervants, dogs, horfes, mares, geldings, or mules, and any officer        °
 charging the fame or employed to colled or fuperintend the colledion thereof, fuch queftion and difference (hall be heard
 and determined in the prefence of fuch officer by any juftice of the peace to whom complaint (hall be made; provided, that if fuch officer or the party charged with the tax (hall not be fatisfied
                                                            with
    
xj,o6 Anno tegni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 105. [1805,
             with the determination of fuch juftjce, it (hall and may be lawful, well for the party charged as for the officer* to appeal from fuch determination to the next general feffions of the peace, and the juftices attending the fame are hereby empowered and required to examine and inquire into any fuch determination upon oath, and to confirm or reverfe the fame, and pronounce judgement thereon, which judgement fhall be final and com clulivc as to the matter in difpute, and the perfon charged witfi the tax may be examined upon oath, if fuch perfon (hall defire it, upon fuch complaint.
Officers cm- XXXVI. And be it further enabled. That any officer autho-to co^e<^ a^ or any l^e aforefaid taxes, is hereby diftrafofor refpeCtively authorifed and empowered to levy, collect, and
taxes.      receive the feveral taxes on houfes, in refpeft to the number of
             yvindows and lights therein, and on carriages, and on coach-makers, or makers or fellers of carriages, whether in rcfpeCt of carrying on the trade of a coachmaker, or feller of fuch carriages, or in refpeCt of having made, built, or conftrudled, or of having fold any fuch carriages ; and the taxes on male fervants, dogs, horfes, mares, geldings, and mules ; in the fame manner, and with like powers and authorities, as the taxes on fire-hearths may by law be levied, collected, recovered, and received ; and that every perfon chargeable with and liable to pay the faid taxes refpectively, or any of them, fhall, on demand made at fhe houfe of fuch perfon by any fuch officer, pay to fuch officer the feveral and reipcCtive rates, duties, and taxes, which fuch perfon fhall be fo chargeable with and liable to, and which fhall be then payable or in arrear; and in cafe of refufal, or default in payment thereof, or any part thereof, after fuch demand, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch officer, at any time in the daytime, with the affiftance of a con (table or, other peace-officer, or if no fuch conftable or other peace-officer lhall appear or attend, then without fuch affiftance to make entry into and upon the houfe, office, or other premifes of the perfon chargeable with the faid taxes, or any of them, and to levy the fame and all arrears thereof by diftrefs and fale of any goods of fuch perfon, in or upon fuch houfe, office, or other premifes; or, if no goods fhall be found in fuch houfe, office, or premifes, fufficient to fatisfy all fuch taxes fo payable, and all arrears thereof, then it fhall and may be lawful for fuch officer to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of any'goods of fuch perfon wherefoever fuch goods (hall be found, restoring to the party the overplus of fuch money as fuch goods fhall be fold for, over and above the tax and arrears thereof then due, and over and above the neceffary charges of taking fuch diftrefs; and every fuch officer fhall have a book or books prepared for the collection of each of the faid taxes, or for any two or more of them, as the commiffioners of inland excifc may deem expedient, in which every leaf fhall be divided into three columns, and upon each of the faid columns (hall be printed or written the name and refidence of the perfon phargeable, and the duty wherewith, and on what account fuch’
                                                                                                          ' * perfon
“by Go gle
 »
 y
 t
 i
 k
 3
 it
 r
 :
 r
 i
 t
    1805.] Anno regni qnadragelimo qulnto Georgii Til. c. 105. 1207
 perfon is chargeable; and upon the middle, and alfo upon the extreme of the faid columns lhall be printed or written over and above what (hall be contained as above direfted, thefe words “ Received the full amount of the foregoing duties/* fpecifying the time and place; and each fuch column fhall be i figned by the colleftor when he receives the duty.
    XXXVII.       And be it further enafted, That the faid columns Regulating-fhall be joined with oblique lines, fiourifhes, or devices, in fuch manner as the faid commiifioners fhall direct; and the extreme ^ or-third of the faid columns (ha)) be ftamped with the duty payable thereon, as for a receipt; and it fhall be feparated or
 cut off by a cut through the oblique line, flourifh, or device, < which joins it to the middle column, and fhall be delivered to the perfon paying duty on the account fpecified therein, and fhall be figned by the perfon receiving fuch duty; and the middle of the faid columns fhall be likewife cut off in like manner, being firft figned by the perfon receiving the duty therein ftated, and who fhall have figned the extreme or third column, and fhall be tranfmitted to the collector of inland excife of the diftrift, within the week on which the money fhall have been fo received ; and the firft column fhall remain in the book to be kept by the collector of the tax, and produced by him at all times for the infpeftion of any fuperior officer.
    XXXVIII.       Arid be it* further enafted, That receipts given No fee for * ’ by virtue of this aft fhall be given without fee or reward of receipts.
 any nature or kind whatfoever.
    XXXIX.         And be it further enafted. That in every cafe Colleftors where any perfon appointed to colleft the taxes in refpeft of make returns fire hearths, windows, carriages, fervants, dogs, horfes, mares, fl,an t>e geldings, or mules, or any of them, fhall not within ten days charged at after demand in writing, figned by any commiffioner of excifc herein, ferved on fuch perfon, or left at his ufual place of abode, whether
 he be then in commiffion as an excife-officer or not, return a full and diftinft account of his colleftion of the faid feveral taxes, fpecifying fuch as he may have omitted to colleft (if any fuch there be), then and in fuch cafe the number of fire-hearths, windows, carriages, fervants, dogs, horfes, mares, geldings, or mules, in the walk or parilh or parifhes, as the cafe may be, wherein he fhall have been appointed to colleft, fhall, for fuch year as he fhall fo fail to deliver fuch account for, be deemed equal to the number of fire-hearths, windows, carriages, fervants, dogs, horfes, mares, geldings, or mules, collefted in fuch walk, or parilh or parifhes, for the year next preceding, or any other of the three laft years, at the diferetion of the faid commiffioners; and fuch perfon fhall be charged with fuch fum as the taxes payable in fuch year would have amounted unto, according to the number of fire-hearths, windows, carriages, fervants, dogs, horfes, mares, geldings, or mules, refpeftively appearing to have been charged in fuch walk, parilh or parilhes, in fuch year, but according to tbe rates payable in the year hr which fuch account i (hall not have been fo returned} and fuch. colleftor (hall be
                                                          liable
     Co gle
 expife aft, >4,15 C. t.
 C. 8,       S
 i*o8 Anno regni qqadragefimo quinto Georgii HI. c. 105. [1805.
            liable to and (hall pay the fame, and his furcties (hall be anCwerable therefore to the extent of the futn contained in the bond or other fecurity which fuch fureties (ball have entered into.
 Recovery and XL. And be it further enafled. That all and every the application of,fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflitfted by this a&, (hall be paid undcMrifti an<* recovcre^ *n Britijhcurrency, and (hall and may be fued for and recovered, levied, and applied in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and authorities as are preferibed, directed, and appointed, in and by an a£t of parliament made in Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majefty Charles the fecond* intituled, An afl for the fettling of the exeife or new          upon his
 Majefljy his heirs and fucctjf, according to the book of rates therein infer ted* or by any other act or atfls in'force in Ireland rplating to his Majefty’s revenue of exeife, as fully and effectually, to all intents, conftrudlions, and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expreffed, and re-ena£ted in this aCt, xyith like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who (hall think him, her, or themfclves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the faid atft of exeife, or any atft or a&s in force in Ireland relating, to his Majefty’s revenue of exeife is provided. XLI. Provided always, pnd be it enatfted, That it (hall i>c iC1.u ant* may ke lawful to and for any one jufticc of the peace within veTedTiefore* b'8 jurifdidbon, where any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture onejuftice not exceeding ten pounds (hall be incurred under this adt, to hear and determine the fame, and to conviCt the party offending on his or her own confeffton, ,or on oath of any one credible witnefs; and in all fuch cafes, one tqoiety of the penalty or forfeiture fhall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifti, where the offence (hall have been committed or the convi&ion made, at the diferetion of the juftice, and fuch juftice of the peace is hereby authorifed and requited, upon information made on oath in that behalf, within three months after the offence committed, to fummon the party accufed, and ajfo the witnefs or witneffes upon either fide, and if upon confelGon of the party accnfed or examination of any witnefs or witneffes on oath, which oath fuch juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter, fuch party (hall be convided of the offence alleged againft him, then it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby required to award and ifiue out a warrant under his hand and Teal to any conftable of the county, for levying the penalty or forfeiture incurred on the goods of the pffender, and to caufe Tale to be made thereof in cafe the fame (hall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any) after deducting the expence of fuch fale; pnd for want of fuificient diftrefs, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is required to commit fuch offender to gaol for any .time not exceeding three months, or until fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall be paid; and if any perfon fhall find himfelf or herfdf aggrieved by the judgement of the faid juftice, then fueft
                                                                                                            perfon
 Penalties under 10/. may be reco-
 withiin three mpnthf.
 Appeal to
 quarter lcf-iions.
 
 E
 I
 li
 at
 *
 B
 *
 *
 e
 r
 l
 B-
 B
 i
 *
 *
 £
 *
 »’*
 sl
 *
 ;•
 *
  *
  f*
  i
  >:■
  if
  P
            i
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimoqumto GborgiiIII. c. 105. 1209
 perfon (hall and may complain or appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next quarter.feflions for the county, and fuch juftices are hereby empowered to fummon and examine witnefles upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the complaint or appeal; and in cafe the convi&ion of the party (hall be affirmed, fuch juftices (hall iflue their warrants for levying the penalty or forfeiture as aforefaid, and alfo for levying on the goods of the appellents fuch fum not exceeding forty (hillings, as the faid juftices (hall appoint, for the cods of (uch appeal, to be paid to the informer; and where any fuch pecuniary penalty or Penalties forfeiture (hall exceed the fum of ten pounds, the fame (nay *k°v**°^ be fued for and recovered by any perfon who (hall fue for the fame, by aeftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, or by civil afUon. bill, in any of the courts of record in , or at the quarter*
 feflion of the juftices of the peace, or at the afiizes of any county or county of a town or city in Ireland;and it (hall be lawful for the court before whom any fuch penalty (hall be recovered to order the offender to be committed to gaol, there to remain for any time, in the diferetion of fuch court, or until fuch fine or forfeiture be fully paid and fatisfied.
    XLII. And be it further ena<51ed, That no conviction made Proceeding of or alleged to be made by any juftice of the peace, nor any juftices not proceeding before fuch juftice, or before any juftices of the peace removable by at the quarter-fedions, nor any fentence or order given or made,cert,oran* or alleged to be given or made, by any fuch juftice or juftices, under or by virtue of this a£f, (hall be removed by writ of eertiorari out of the county, city, town, or place wherein fuch conviction or proceeding (hall have been had or made, into any court whatfoeverj and that no writ of certior (hall fuperfede execution or other proceedings upon fuch conviction, order, or fentence fo made or given in purfuance of this ad, but that execution and other proceedings (hall be had and made thereupon, any fuch writ of certiorari, or allowance thereof, notwith-ftanding.
    XLIII. And be it further ena&ed, That any juftice of thepenaHyon peace or magiftrate in Ireland, who (hall negleCt or refufe in magiftrates any inftance to carry this aCt into execution, upon a proper wh° neSle^ application made to him, (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds qj,;rcd bvVhi* Britijb currency for every fuch negleft or refufal, to be recovered J0/, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Ireland,by the perfon who (hall have made fuch application, in which no eftoign, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance (hall be allowed ; the money recovered by fuch aCtion to be applied as to one half thereof to the ufe of the perfon fuing for the fame, and the other half to be paid to the minifter, reCtor, or churchwarden of the parifh wherein fuch juftice of peace or magiftrate (hall refide, for the ufe of the poor therein.
    XLIV. And be it further enaCted, That this aCt (hall continue Continuance in force until the twenty-ninth day of      one thoufand of aCt
 eight hundred and fix.
 r                                          CAP.  CVI.
     Co gle
   ifcio Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.' 106. [1805.
                ;                             .CAP.  CVI.
                     An aft                     to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one
                            thoufrnd eight hundred and         and amend,      for    regulating and ft                                                         curing the collection of the duties on paper made in Ireland,
                   and on paper printed or J in Ireland, to feme for hangings or other ufes.—[July'io, 1805.]
                WHEREAS the laws in force in Ireland, for the collection of duties on paper made in Ireland, and on paper                        ,
                painted, or Jlained in Ireland, to         hangings and other    , are
                inefficient, and it is expedient to amend the , be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confept of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of July One thoufand eight hundred and five, in lieu of any duties chargeable under any ad pr ads in force in Ireland, on any maker of paper in refped of any engine ufed by him or her, the duty chargeable on paper made by any maker of paper, and of the papers called pafieboard, millboard, fcaleboard, glazed paper, paper fqr hangings, (heathing paper, button paper, or button-board, in Ireland, who (hall keep any engine for the making of any of the faid papers, which (hall not in theinfide exceed twelve feet in lepgth, five feet in breadth, and two feet in depth, (hall for each and every calendar month, commencing from the faid twenty-fifth day of July, and fo in like manner for each and every calendar month, commencing from the twenty-fifth day of Afareh in the year one thoufand eight hundred and fix, and in each and every fubfequent year, bp not lefs than after the rate following j Monthly duty that is to fay, for each and every fuch engine kept by fuch maker engines for paper the fum of thirty-two pounds nineteen (hillings and making paper eight-pencp ; and if fuch engine (hall be of greater dimenfions according to than as aforefaid, then not le(s than fuch fum as (hall be in proportion to the fize of fuch engine of greater dimenfions as the faid fum of thirty-two pounds nineteen millings and eight-pence is to the fize of an engine of the dimenfions herein-beforc deferibed, as and for the duty according to weight of fuch quantity of any of the papers aforefaid, jis may be produced from any fuch engine within each month.
 Dutyonpaper IJ. Provided always, and be jt enadled, That if the duty ihall be paid chargeable by weight on the paper made with any fuch engine ^exceeds the within any fuch month, (hall, in either of the faid cafes, exceed fum payable the fum herein-beforc direfted to be charged for any fuch month on the engine, in refpedl of any fuch engine, then and in fuch cafe fuch maker of paper (hall be charged with and pay fuchexcefs of duty op the faid papers according to the \veight thereof.
 Monthly          III. Provided alfo, and be it enaftetl, That if ariy engine (hall
 charge on have been employed by any maker of paper, during the whole of engine if em- any month, (commencing on. the twenty-fixth day of one month, makhigTuU;-0 anf* en(^‘ng on the twenty-fifth day of the month following), in rior paper, making fuchjaaper only as is chargeable with a duty notexceed-iC/. 1**.                                                                          ing
 their relpec-tive dimen* fions, viz.
 3a/• 19/. id. &c.
 
 18o5-3 Anno regni quadragcfimo qutnto Georgii 111. c. jo6. itij
 jhg one penny for every pound weight thereof, and if no more than one Vat (hall be ufed or employed with fuch engine, and if fuch vat fo employed (hall not exceed the contents of a veflfel fix feet in length, five feet in breadth, and four feet in-depth, fuch paper-maker (hall be charged with and pay for and in refped of fuch engine for each month the fum of fixteen pounds thirteen (hillings and four-pence; or if the duty on fuch paper, according to the weight thereof, (hall exceed the faid fum of fixteen pounds thirteen (hillings and four-pence, fuch maker of paper (hall be charged with and pay fuch fum as fuch duty (hall actually amount unto, in lieu and inftcad of the fum herein-before charged on and made payable by fuch maker of paper for fuch month ; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.
    IV.     And be it further enabled. That whenever any maker of Paper-makef paper (hall intend to employ any engine for the whole of any O'81.1 giv« month (beginning and ending as aforefaid) in making paper, chargeable with a duty not exceeding one penny for every pound engine in weight thereof, fuch maker of paper (hall, fix days at leaft before making infir-the beginning of fuch month, give notice of fuch his intention to PaPer» the furveyor and gauger in charge of the manufactory of fuch *” JjJ*'j. # maker of paper; and if fuch maker of paper (hall make any fuch accordingly, paper without having given fuch notice, or (hall, during fuch Penalty xool. month, make any paper with fuch engine, chargeable with a duty exceeding one penny for every pound weight; or if any maker
 of paper (hall, in any one month,'' (beginning and ending as aforefaid), make with the fame engine any paper chargeable with a duty exceeding one penny for every pound weight thereof, and alfo paper chargeable with a duty not exceeding one penny for every pound weight thereof, then and in every fuch cafe fuch maker of paper (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.
    V. And be it further enaded, That the faid duties and Regulation of fums of money (hall be charged and paid and payable in fuch Irifh a<3s, manner and under fuch rules and regulations, and iubjedto fuch f*®' 30 q>4* penalties and forfeitures as are mentioned and contained in an applied* ad made in the parlia'ment of Ireland,in the thirty-eighth vear to the duties of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled,                fecure the on paper
   eollellionof the duties on paper made in Ireland, and to prevent frauds therein; or in an ad made in the parliament of                in the 1 *
 fortieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for continuing and amending the faid recited ad of the thirty-eighth year; or in any other ad or ads in force in Ireland relating to the faid duties on paper: and all rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, in the faid ads or any df them contained, (hall be applied in execution of this ad as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were repeated and re-«naded by this ad, except only fo far as the fame are altered by this ad.
    VI.     Andy for the better regulating and fecuring the duty payable on paper printed, painted, or /mined, to ferve for hangings and other
   ttfes, be it enaded, That no perfon (hall print, paint, or (lain any Papcr-ftaincrs paper in Ireland,to ferve for hangings or other ufes, wi.thout (]>al1 be jiaving taken out |nd having in force a licence to manufadure Sordine to
                                                              paper- !aw.
   
 Bond to be entered into by party licenfed to be a paper-ftainer.
1ZI2, Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 106. [1805.
             paper-hangings for fate, duly granted and (lamped according to law.
               VII.          And be it further enadcd, That every paper-ftainer or perfon to whom any licence (hall be granted to manufacture paper-hangings for (ale, at any time after the palling.of this ad, (hall, before the obtaining fuch licence, enter into, a bond, with two fufficient fureties, to his Majclty, his. heirs and lucceflors, in a penalty after the rate of twenty-five pounds for each table for (tamping paper-hangings, to be kept by fuch perfon, conditioned for the payment of all fuch fum and fums of money as (hall be chargeable and charged by law on<fuch perfon, for the duties on paper printed, painted, or (tained, under and by virtue of this aCt, or any other act or ads in force in Ireland relating ta fuch . j duties.
 To obtain VIII. And be it further enaCted, That every paper-ftainer or theh art "(hall Rcr^"on to whom any licence (hall have been granted to manu-xaake out failure paper-hangings for fale, at any time before the patting of account, to this ad, (hall, within one month after the patting of this ad, and be entered in every paper-ftainer, or other perfon requiring fuch licence at any oSce^cou'. ,'me a^ter Pa^*nS °f this ad, (hall, before any fuch licence taining the (hall he granted, make out, fign, and deliver to the colledor of particulars of the diftrid, an account in writing, to be entered and regiftcred hi# name, the jn the office of excife in the diftrid in which the manufactory of hia'tabLs (See ^ch Per^on he fituate, containing his or her name, and place of which’ * or places of abode, and the place where fuch manufadory is fituate, entry, rol-   and the number of tables for (tamping, printing, painting, or
 lector (hall ftaining paper-hangings, to be kept or ufed by fuch perfon ; each,
 cate 1 CCrtlfi' of which tables (hall be of the dimenltons of ten feet fix inches in length, and .two feet fix inches in breadth, and of no greater or other length or breadth ; and fuch perfon (hall alfo, in like manner, make out, fign, and deliver an account in writing, to be fo entered and regiftered as aforefaid, of the feveral rooms and places wherein any part of fuch bufinefs is to be carried on, or wherein any materials for fuch bufinefs are to be kept or ftored j and in fuch written account, the perfon making the fame (hall diftinguifti every fuch table, and alfo every fuch room and place, by feparate numbers relating to each, in arithmetical progrefiion, beginning with number one ; and upon fome vifible part of every fuch table, and alfo upon the outfide of the door of every fuch room, (hall paint or caufe to be painted with oil colour, in a black chocolate ground, or white, or in a black ground, and (hall keep thereon fo painted the number thereof refpeCtively, in conformity with fuch account ; and that the furveyor of excife, within whofe furvey fuch manufactory (hall be fituate, (hall, at the bottom of every fuch account, before the fame (hall be delivered to or received by the collector, certify fuch account by figning hi$ Paine thereto ; and thereupon the collector of excife of the diftrid (hall file or enter and regifter fuch account in the office of excife of the diftrid, and (hall grant a certificate of fuch account and regiftry, by giving a copy thereof, figned by him, to the party who delivered fuch account and before any fuch licence (hall bo
                                                                                                             granted
 
 1805.3   Anno regni quadragefimo quinto GeorgiiIII. c.io6. ie-itf
 granted at any time after the paffing of this a£t, fuch certificate ihall be produced to the perfon empowered to grant fuch licence and fetch account and regiftry, and every fuch certificate thereof,
 (hall be evidence on any queftion that fhall or may arife, or on any information in confequence of or touching any of the provi-fions of this a£t, or any other a<£t in force refpeCting the duties on paper printed, painted, or ftained, to ferve for paper-hangings or other ufes.
   IX.     And be it further ena£ted, That if any paper-ftainer fhall. Penalty on ( ■from and after the expiration of one month after the paffing ofPaPer'ft',ncr this a<ft, have or keep or make ufe of any table for {lamping paper-? ftampmg-table hangings not fet forth, or not numbered as fet forth, or m any not regiftered, other place than fhall be fet forth, in the account by this a<5l s°l- for cach required to be made and delivered by fuch paper-ftainer, and filed,
 entered, or regiftered as aforefaid ; or if any paper-ftainer fhall c have, keep, or make ufe of any table for ftamping, printing, painting, or ftaining paper-hangings of any other dimenfions, or any other table, than (hall have been fet forth in fuch account, entry, or regiftry, without having given fix days’ notice in writing to the officer in charge of his or her manufactory, and without an account thereof being made out, figned, delivered, entered, and regiftered in manner aforefaid, fuch paper-ftainer (ball forfeit for every fuch table for ftamping paper-hangings the fum of fifty pounds; and the faid table, and the blanket or covering thereof, and all appurtenances thereto, fhall be forfeited, and may be l'eized by any officer of excife.
   X.      And be it further enatfted. That no printer, painter, or Penalty on ftainer of paper in Ireland, (hall keep any paper fit or proper or keeping paper capable of being ufed for or applied to the ufes or purpofes paper-hangings, or any paper printed, painted, or ftained, in any IO; an(j * warehoufe, room, or place not entered and regiftered purluant to forfeiture, this a£t ; and if any fuch paper, whether marked with a frame-
 mark or unmarked, or damped or unftamped, fhall be found in the polTeffion of any printer, painter, or ftainer of paper in any fuch warehoufe, room, or place, then and in every fuch cafe the party fo offending fhall forfeit the fum of ten pounds for every fuch offence ; and all paper fo found fhall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of the excife.
   XI.     And be it further enabled, That it fhall and may be lawful Officer em-for any officer of excife at all times, as well by night as by day, Powre<3 to and if in the night, in the prefence of a conftableor officer of the accounts ^ * peace, to enter into every manufactory, workhoufe, warehoufe, with operand place whatfoever, of or belonging to or made ufe of by any ftainer. printer, painter, or ftainer of paper to ferve for hangings or other
 ufes, and to meafure and take an account of every table for ftanrrping, printing, painting, or ftaining paper-hangings, of or belonging to or kept or ufed by any fuch perfon, and of all paper which (hall be from time to time received and made ufe of by fuch perfon ; and of all paper damped, printed, painted, or ftained by fuch perlon ; and of all fuch paper, whether the fame (hall or ihall not be printed, painted, or ftained, as (hall be in any manufactory,
   
 Penalty on obftrutting officer, to/*
 Penalty on not affording accommodation to •fticers, io/.
 1214 Anno regni quadragefimoquintoGEORcu III. c. 106. [1805*
             fadtory, houfe, (lore, or place belonging to fuch paper-ftainer, and to make the returns by this acl required,-in manner hereinafter mentioned.
               _XII. And be it further ena&ed* That if any fuch perfon, or any fervant or perlon adling in the employment of fuch perfon, (hall obftrudl or hinder any officer of excife* from entering into the manufactory or other place whatfoever of fuch perfon ; or if any fuch officer or his affiilants, having entered, (hall be hindered* oburu&ed, or prevented by fuch perfon, of fervant or perfon acting in the employment of fuch perfon, from taking an account, or from doing any part of his duty in the execution of this adt* fuch paper-ftainer (hall for every fuch offence rcfpedlively forfeit the fuin of ten pounds.
               XIII.    And be it further enadled, That if arty fuch perfon (hall not have conftantly fixed in his, her, or their manufactory fafe and convenient fteps, flairs, or ladders, to every apartment or place therein ufed for printing, painting, or ftaining of paper, or keeping or floring the fame, fufficient to enable any officer of excife, who (hall enter fuch manufactory* to haveconvenient and fafe accel's to the feveral apartments and places therein* or (hall, on any vifit made by any officer of excife, negledt or refufe to fupply every fuch officer, on demand, with fufficient lights, for the purpofe of viewing and taking an account of the flock belonging to fuch paper-ftainer, as well by day as by night, every perfon fo offending, in arty of the cafes aforefaid, ihall for every fitch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds.
               XIV.     And be it further enadled, That every fuch perfon (hall* before commencing to ufe or work any table or tables for (lamping, printing, painting, or ftaining paper-hangings, at any time after the twenty-fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred tnd five, and before the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and fix, and in like manner before commencing to ufe or work any fuch table or tables in any fubfequent year, commencing from and after the twenty-fifth day of March., and fo in like manner before recommencing to ufe or work any fuch table after any difcontinuance thereof in manner herein-after mentioned* give fix days’ notice in writing to the officer in charge of the manufactory, of fuch perfon, fetting forth the day and hour when fuch perfon intends to commence fo to ufe or work any fuch table refpedlivcly, or to recommence fo to ufe or work any fuch table as is herein-after provided; and (hall in fuch notice fpecify the number or refpedlive numbers by which fuch table or tables arc diftinguifhed in the entry or regiury thereof* in manner aforefaid } and any perfon who (hall print, paint, or (lain any paper at any table, or w ho (hall ufe or work any table without having given fuch refpedlive notices, or any table or tables other than fuch as (hall be fpecified in fuch refpedlive notices,'(hall for each fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.
 Paper.ftainers XV. And be it further enadled, That no other day (hall be work'on'the0 rnent'onec^ *n any notice than the twenty-fixth day of fome a6tii of every month >n the year * and that every table fhall be prefumed to be month.                                                             ufed
 Paper-ftainefs ihall give notice of time of working. Penalty 56/.
 
      M                   V        §
 1805.] Anno regniquadragefimoquinto Georg 11 HI. c. 106. 1215
 ufed and kept regularly at work from the day mentioned in any '
 fuch notice fo to be given by any fuch peYfon for the commencing
 or recommencing to ufe or work the fame) until the ufing or
 working thereof (hall be difcontinued in manner hereinafter
 mentioned ; that is to fay, every fuch perfon may from time to Notice of di(1
 time discontinue ufing or working any fuch table, on giving continuance.
 notice in writing Of his or her intention fo to difcontinue ufing or
 working the fame, to the Surveyor or officer in charge of the
 manufactory of fuch perfon, fix days at the leaft previous to the
 day mentioned therein for fo difcontinuing to ufe or work any
 fuch table: provided-always, that the day mentioned in any fuch
 notice for fo difcontinuing to work, (hall be the twenty-fifth day
 of fome month in the year, and (hall not be lefs than one calendar
 month diftant from the day mentioned in the notice given by
 fuch paper-ftainer for commencing to work or ufe the fame in
 manner aforefaid; and any notice which (hall be given contrary
 to the dire<9tions herein-before mentioned and fpecified, (hall be
 and is hereby declared to be null and void.
   XVI.      And be it further enabled, That at the time fpecified in After notice any fuch notice of difcontinuance, fuch perfon (hall remove from ofdifcon-off the table, of the difcontinuing the ufing or working of which tinuance by fuch notice (hall have been fo given, the blanket, cloth, or other th^^cer”^ covering thereof, and (hall not replace the fame until he (hall (hall attend to again commence working or ufing the fame, in purfuance of fee that the notice, according to the directions of this aCt; and if at anytime ^fJontinu*e d • after the day mentioned in fuch notice of difcontinuance, and i’tnis * before the day mentioned in any notice forrecommencing to ufe not, paper-or Work fuch table, fuch table (hall be found covered with any ftdner lhall blanket or cloth, or (hall be ufed for (tamping, printing, painting, continue
 or Gaining paper-hangings, fuch paper-ftainer lhall continue to ia e* be charged with and pay duty as if he had not given any notice of difcontinuance, and fuch notice of difcontinuance lhall be deemed void, and of no effeCt.
   XVII.      And be it further enaCled, That if any perfon who Notice of (hall have difcontinued the ufing or working of any table in manner aforefaid, (hall intend to ufe or fet at work again any ™orkinz fuch table fo difcontinued, fuch perfon (hall deliver a notice in writing of Arch his intention to the officer in charge of the manufactory of fuch perfon fix days at leaft before the day on which
 fucW perfon (hall intend recommencing to ufe or work any fuch table, fpccifying the day agreeable to the provifions of this aft,   r
 and the hour on which he intends fo recommencing to work or ufe fuch table, which day (hall not be lefs than one calendar month diftant from the time of the laft difcontinuance to ufe or work fuch table.
   XVIII.      And be it further enaCted, That every paper-ftainer Monthly duty fhall, for each and every calendar month while any fuch table or ea«.h table, tables (hall be continued to be worked or ufed, or (hall be charge-
 able as continuing to be worked or ufed, by any fuch paper-ftainer, be charged with and pay for each and every fuch table fo worked or ufed, or chargeable as aforefaid, not lefs than the fum
                                                             of
   
 duty, the excels (hall be charged.
 Monthly charge on paper-hanger t>y officer.
                                          1216 Annoregniquadragefimo quinto Georg 11IIJ. c. 106. [1805.
            of four pounds three fhillings and four-pence, as and for the duty according to the number of fquare yards of printed, painted, or ftained paper, which may be (lamped, printed, painted, or (lamed, at any fuch table within each month.
If duty by XIX. Provided always, and be it enabled, That if the duty meafure ex- chargeable by meafure on the paper which (hall be actually (lamped, printed, painted, or ftained, at fuch tabic within any fuch month, fhall exceed the faid fum of four pounds three fhillings and fourpence, then fuch paper-flainer (hall be charged with and pay fuch exccfs of the duty on all fuch paper according to the meafure thereof.
              XX.     And be it further enaCted, That within ten days after the expiration of one calendar month next after the day men* tioned in any notice for the beginning or recommencement of the working of any table in manner directed by this aCt, and fo in like manner within feven days after the expiration of every other period of one calendar month, while any fuch table (hall continue to be ufed or worked, or (hall be prefumed to continue to be ufed or worked, or fhall be chargeable as continuing to be ufed or worked, the officer in charge of the manufactory of fuch paper-ftainer lhall make a return to the collector of the excife of the diftriCt of the fum of money with which fuch paper-flainer is hereby chargeable for fuch period of one calendar month, for and in relpeCt ot each and every fuch table, and alfo of the quantities in fquare yards of paper actually printed, painted, or ftained, by fuch paper-ftainer within fuch period of one calendar month, and
Copy (hall be of the duty thereon, according to the meafure thereof} and every left by officer. fuch officer (hall, and he is hereby required, to leave a true copy Penalty ac/. cf fuc}) return jn writing, under his hand, with every fuch paper-flainer, or at fuch manufactory, upon pain of forfeiting twenty , pounds for every fuch negleCt or omiffion in fo doing; and fuch return of fuch officer fhall be a charge upon every fuch paper-and duty paid ffainer for fuch calendar month ; and fuch paper-ftainer fhall pay accordingly. the duty appearing by fuch return and charge to have become due and payable within fourteen days after the end of the month for which fuch return and charge fhall have been made; and every paper-ftainer fhall, for every default in payment of any fuch duty, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, together with a fum equal to double the amount of the duty fo returned and charged.
   XXI.    And be it further enacted, Thatevery fuch paper-ftainer fhall, under the proper hand of fuch paper-ftainer, or under the proper hand of lome perfon for whom fuch paper-ftainer lhall be refponlible, within ten days after the expiration of every month, at the excife-office of the diftriCt in which the manufactory of fuch paper-ftainer fhall be fttuate, make true entry of the quantity in fquare yards of paper aCtually printed, painted, dr ftained, by fuch paper-ftainer, within the month next preceding, and of the number of tables ufed at any time within fuch month by fuch paper-ftainer; and the faid entry fhall be made on oath of fuch paper-ftainer, or the chief workman or fervant of fuch paper-flainer, which oath the collector of cxcife is hereby empowered
                                                                                                              t»
 Penalty and double duty.
 Monthly returns and payment* by paper-ftainers. Penalty and double duty.
 
 W I
 1805.3 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 106. 1217
 to adminifter; and fuch paper-ftainer (hall, within fourteen days next after the expiration of fuch month, pay and clear off the whole of the duty payable for fuch paper fo printed, painted, or ftained, or for or in refped of the number of tables uied by fuch paper-ftainer within fuch month, upon pain of forfeiting twenty pounds for every omiflion, negled, or default, of fuch entry or payment, together with a lum equal to double the duty which fuch paper-ftainer (hall by law be chargeable with for fuch month.
    XXII.      And be it further enaded, That as often as any In cafe of dif-difputc or difference (hall arife between any officer of excife and pute. officer any fuch paper-ftainer, touching the amount of duty charged by kk^turn^h the return of fuch officer upon fuch paper-ftainer for or in refped ^daviT. * of any fuch table, or any quantity of paper printed, painted, or
 ftained purfuant to this ad, fuch officer (hall verify, by affidavit made before the colledor of the diftrid, or fome juftice of the peace, that fuch return made by him is true and fair according to the beft of his (kill and knowledge, and thereupon fuch return (hall be a charge upon fuch paper-ftainer difputing the fame : provided always, that no paper-ftainer (hall be allowed tocontro- Paper-ftainers vert or difpute any return or charge of duty made by any officer, ffia|l not dif-unlefs fuch paper-ftainer (hall have made a regular monthly ° unkft return of the quantity of paper printed, painted, or ftained by he has made fuch paper-ftainer, and the number of tables ufed by fuch paper* his own flainer, and paid the duty chargeable on the fame, and (hall in monthly re-fucli his monthly return have made his objedion to the return or ^jjj’ffis'dutr charge of fuch officer.                                          pai         •
    XXIII.     Provided always, and be it enaded,That the payment Payment by by any paper-ftainer of any fum of money lefs than the amount paper-ftainer of duty returned or to be returned by any officer of excife, to be calculation of payable by fuch paper-ftainer (hall not exempt fuch paper-ftainerduty (hall not from the payment of the difference between the amount of duty exempt him fo returned by fuch officer, and the fum fo paid by fuch paper-from Pay* . ftainer; and that if fuch paper-ftainer (hall not pay fuch dif-J^g^othe*^" ference within feven days next after fuch return of fuch officer, officer’s fuch paper-ftainer (hall for every default forfeit twenty pounds, return, together with a fum equal to double the difference between the
 amount of duty fo returned by fuch officer, and the fum fo paid by fuch paper-ftainer.
    XXIV.      And be it further enaded, That in cafe the duty Yearly charge charged on any paper-ftainer in any one year, ending on the by officers, of twenty-fifth day of March, (hall not amount to the full fum oftable twelve pounds and ten (hillings for and in refped of each andpcnajty ao/. every table, for (lamping, printing, painring, or ftaining paper-and double hangings which (hall have been kept or u.ed or worked by any duty.
 fuch paper-ftainer, at any time within the year ending on the twenty-fifth day of March, then and in fuch cafe the officer in charge of the manufadory of any fuch paper-ftainer (hall within • ten days after fuch twenty-fifth day of March make a return to the colledor of the excife for the diftrid in which fuch manufadory (hall be fituate, of fuch (linn of money for and in refped of each fuch table, is with thefums comprifed in former returns Vol. XLV.                       41                       againft
   
account thereof. Penalty 10/.
1218 Anno rcgni quadragefimoquinto Georgii III. c. 106. [1805.
            againft fuch paper-ftainer in the year ending on fuch twenty-fifth day of March, fhall amount to the full fum of twelve pounds and ‘•ten (hillings for and in refpedl of each and every fuch table kept or ufed or worked by any fuch paper-ftainer, at any time within fuch year*, and fuch return (hall be a charge on fuch paper-ftainer, who (hall pay the fums appearing by fuch return to have been incurred and become due within feven days after fuch return, or in default thereof (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, together with a fum equal to double the amount of the Turns which (hall be fo returned.
 Regulations XXV. And be it further enabled. That no paper-ftainer or paper m firft8 Per^on licenfed to manufacture paper-hangings for fale, (hall account-    receive any paper otherwife than in whole reams or bundles, and
 room,      in the covers and wrappers in which the fame were charged with
 and keeping the duty payable on fuch paper on the making thereof in the hands of the manufacturer thereof; and every fuch paper-ftainer, on receipt of any paper whatfoever, (hall depofit the'fame in a room or rooms to be by him kept for that purpofe, ontheoutdde of the door or doors of which refpeClively (hall be painted in manner aforefaid, the words “ Firft Account-Room,” and if more than one fuch room (hall be kept by fuch paper-ftainer for fuch purpofe, each fuch room (hall be numbered in manner aforefaid ; and as often as any paper-ftainer (hall receive any paper into his or her cuftody or pofieffion, fuch paper-ftainer (hall depofit the fame in fuch firft account-room, and (hall, within twenty-four hours after the receipt of any fuch paper, give notice thereof to the officer of excife, in charge or having the fuperintcndance of the manufactory or workhoufe of fuch paper-ftainer, exprefling the quantity of paper fo received ; and fuch officer (hall forthwith proceed to take an account of the quantities and dimenfions of all fuch paper, and (hall mark and (lamp the outfide wrappers and covers of every bundle or ream thereof refpc&ively, with a damp or feal to be provided by the commiflioners of excife, thereby to denote that fuch account had been taken of fuch paper; and fuch paper-ftainer (hall enter, in a book to be by him kept for that purpofe, by way of debtor and creditor, or in fuch manner as the (aid commiflioners of excife may at any time order or direct, an account of all fuch paper fo received by him, and of all paper which (hall at any time be removed out of fuch firft account-room, and (hall therein (late for what purpofe fuch paper was fo removed, and fuch book (hall be produced at all times on demand to any officer of excife requiring the fame ; and in cafe any deficiency (hall appear in the quantity of paper in any fuch firft account-room, other than (hall be accounted for by the entries in fuch book, then, ahd in fuch cafe, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch officer to charge fuch paper-ftainer with duty for and in refpcCt of all paper fo deficient and unaccounted for, as if the fame was actually printed, painted, or ftained ; and fuch paper-ftainer (hall, within feven days after the twenty-ninth day of                  , the
            twenty-fifth day of December, the twenty-fifth day of , and the twenty-fourth day of J, in every year, deliver the faid
                                                                                                             book

                                                                                                                          I
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 106. 1219
 book to the colle&or of excite of the diftrill, and (hall verify the contents thereof, upon oath, before the faid collector, which oath the faid colleftor is hereby empowered to adminifter ; and in cafe any paper-ftainer (hall receive any paper otherwife than is herein directed, or (hall negledl to depofit the fame, or to give notice of the receipt thereof, or to keep and make entries in fuch book in fuch manner, and to deliver fuch book as herein-before directed, or (hall make any falfe or untrue entry in any fuch book, fuch paper-ftainer (hall for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of ten pounds.
   XXVI. And be it further enabled. That no paper-ftainer Removing (hall take any paper out of the wrapper or cover in which the paj*r from fame (hall have been fo received by him, for the purpofeof print-
 firlt account* room to fe-
  ing, painting, or ftaining the fame, until the fame (hall be condaccou*nt. removed from and outof fuch firft account-room into another room room, and or place, to be by fuch paper-ftainer kept for the purpofe of taking ac-printing, painting, or ftaining paper, on the outfide door ofcou^ofand which.room (hall be painted in manner aforefaid the words ** Seeond Account-Room j” and every fuch paper-ftainer (hall from time to time, before removing any paper into fuch fecond account-room, give twen/y-four hours’ notice to the officer of excife in charge of the manufadlory of fuch paper-ftainer, fetting forth the day and hour when he intends to remove fuch paper, and the quantity of paper in reams or bundles fo to be removed ; and no other hour (hall be mentioned in fuch notice, nor (hall any paper be fo removed at any other time than at fome time between the hours of eight in the morning and fix in the evening, at which day and time fuch officer (hall attend, and fee the faid paper removed accordingly, and (hall take a fecond account of the fame, and (hall mark and (lamp every (beet or piece thereof refpedlively with a (lamp, to be provided for that purpofe; and • if any paper-ftainer (hall at any time depofit any paper in fuch fecond account room, without having given fuch notice as aforefaid, or unlefs the officer to whom fuch notice (hall have been given (hall be prefent; or in cafe any paper fit or proper for the purpofe of paper-hangings (hall at any time be found in fuch fecond account-room, of the removal whereof fuch notice was not given as aforefaid, or whereof fuch account (hall not xhave been taken, or which lhall not be marked or (lamped by the officer in manner aforefaid, fuch paper-ftainer (hall for every offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds : and in cafe any decreafe Any defi-or deficiency (hall at any time appear in the quantity of paper fo ciency (hall be damped or marked by the officer in fuch fecond account-room, J-b*r8*d as other than (hall be accounted for by the quantity of fuch paper- a,ne“ PaPer* which (hall be adlually printed, painted, or llained by fuch paper ' ftainer, and which (hall be charged with duty as herein-after mentioned, then and in fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for fuch officer to charge fuch paper-ftainer with duty for and in refpc<5l of all paper fo deficient and unaccounted for, as if the fame was actually printed, painted, or ftained.
    XXVII.     And be it further enabled, That before any paper-Putting frame
                                 412                          ltainer  mark to paper
Go gle
1220 Anno regni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III. c. 106. [1805*
 before being ftained. Penalty so/, ice.
 (
 Taking account of and ft am ping ftained paper. Penalty 20/.
            iiainer (hall print, paint, or ftain any piece of paper, confiding of feveral (heets of paper paded or joined together, or any (heet of paper where a (ingle (heet of paper (hall be printed, painted, or dained, fuch paper-dainer (hall produce and (hew fuch piece of paper or (heet of paper to the proper officer of cxcife, and fuch officer (hall take an account thereof; and in cafe fuch officer (hall find that every (heet thereof is marked or damped in manner aforefaid, he (hall meafure the fame, and (hall mark fuch piece of paper or (heet of paper (where a (ingle (heet (hall be printed, painted, or dained) at both ends thereof with a frame-mark, denoting the meafure thereof, and with fuch other number or mark as the commiffioners ofexcife (hall diredt; and in cafe any paper-dainer (hall print, paint, or dain, or begin to print, paint, or dain, any piece of paper or (beet of paper (where a fingle (heet of paper (hall be printed, painted, or dained), before the fame (hall be meafured or marked at both ends thereof by the officer of cxcife, as by this adl is diredled, the paper-dainer in whofe pofleflion the fame (hail be found (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch piece of paper or (heet of paper fo printed, painted, or dained, or begun to be printed, painted, or dained, without having been mealurcd and marked as aforefaid ; and every piece or (heet of paper printed, painted, or dained, or begun tube printed, painted, or dained, which (hall be found in the pofleflion of any fuch paper-dainer, which (hall not have been marked with fuch frame-mark denoting the meafure thereof, (hall be forfeited and may be feized by any officer of excife.
              XXVIII.     And be it further enabled, That as foon as any paper (hall be printed, painted, or dained with any colour or with any figure, the officer in charge of the manufactory in which fuch paper (hall be fo printed, painted, or dained, (hall take an account of the fame, and (hall damp or feal every piece of fuch paper confiding of more (heets than one joined together, (or# every (heet where any (ingle (heet (hall be printed, painted, or dained) at both ends of every fuch piece or (heet of paper with a damp or feal to denote that the duties have been charged thereon, and (hall fign thereto his name, and the year and day of the month when fuch fignature (hall be made; and if any paper-dainer (hall remove, carry, or fend away, or fuffer to be removed, carried, or fent away, any piece or (heet of printed, painted, or dained paper, before an account fhall be taken of the fame, and before fuch paper (hall be damped or (baled at both ends thereof by the officer in manner aforefaid, to denote the charging of the duties thereon, together with the faid officer’s fignature of his name dated as aforefaid, every fuch paper-dainer fhall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds; and all fuch printed, painted, or dained paper which (hall be fo removed without being damped or (baled by the officer, and figned and dated by him as aforefaid, to denote the charging of the faid duties, or which (hall be found conveying or carrying away, or in the pofleflion of any perfon, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of excife.
                                                                                                XXIX. And
Digitize
  Gck gle
 B
 i
 t
 i
 i
 i
 t
 *
 i
 r
 I
 i
 5
 *
 *
 *
 »
 P
 *
 C
 l>
 H
 I
 I
 *
 t
 *
 r
 ¥
 >
 U>
 t
 t
 *
 I
 K
 r
 l>
 i*
 I.
 i*
 f
 1805.] Anno regniquadragefimoquinto Georg 11 III. c. 106. 1221
   XXIX.       And be it further enabled. That every paper-dainer, Paper charged within fix hours after fuch printed, painted or dained paper (hall with duty have been fo damped and charged with duty, (hall remove the j?1^1 be kept fame into fome other room, dore, or place of or belonging to k**™* , fuch paper-ftainer j and (hall from time to time keep all charged, paper fo printed, painted, or dained, and which (hall have Penalty been fo damped and charged with duty by the proper officer,
 in fomc room, dorc, or place, feparate ana apart from all printedr painted, or dained paper which (hall not have been fo damped           ,
 and charged; and if any paper-dainer (hall negled fo to do, fuch paper-dainer (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of ten pounds.
   XXX.     And be it further enabled. That in all cafes where Colle£lot
 any duties payable on paper printed, painted, or dained, or empowered t* payable in refped of any table for damping paper-hangings, (hall     for
 be unpaid at the time when fuch duties are by this ad made due
 and payable, it (hall be lawful for the colledor of excife of the' didrid in which the manufadory of fuch paper-dainer (hall be fituate, by warrant under his hand and feat, to empower any perfon or perfons to take and didrain all paper, and all materials and utenfils for the printing, painting, and daining thereof in the manufadory, houfe, out-houfe, or other place of or belonging to fuch paper-dainer, and to caufe the fame to be fold by publick audion; and if after the payment of all duties and' arrears of duties due from fuch paper-dainer, together with the cods and expences of fuch taking and didraining, there (hall be any furplus of the produce aridng from the fale thereof, fuch futplus (hall be forthwith tendered or paid to fuch paper-dainer or his reprefentatives.
   XXXI.       And be it further enaded. That all paper, whether All piper, printed, painted, dained, or not, and all materials and utenfils utenfils. for printing, painting and daining of paper, having been the property or in the cudody of, or ufed by any paper-dainer rCmain h^hIc licenfed as aforesaid, or having been ufed or dored in any to payment of manufadory, workhoufe, room or place of any paper-dainer, by duties and what title or conveyance foever the fame be claimed, or into Pcnahie,« whofe hands foever the fame (hall afterwards come, (hall be
 liable and fubjed to and are hereby charged with all debts due to the crown and duties of excife, which lhall be in 3rrear and owing by any perfon for any paper, printed, painted, or dained in fuch manufadory, or by fuch paper-dainer, and (hall alfo be fubjed to the payment of all fuch penalties as ftiall have been incurred by any perfon who (hall have occupied or ufed fuch manufadory for any offence againd this ad; and it (hall be lawful, in all cafes, to levy fuch debts, duties, penalties, and forfeitures by didrefs and fale of fuch paper and materials as it would be lawful to do in cafe the perfon owing fuch debts and duties, or incurring fuch penalties and forfeitures was at the time the real proprietor of fuch paper or materials refpedively.
   XXXII.    And be it further enaded,. That every fuch paper- Declaring
                                                         (taincr, ?°*of
  
1222 Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c.106. [1805.
paper-ftainer. ftainer, or Tome pcrfon employed by fuch paper-ftainer, {hall, on Penalty tool, demand of any officer of excife at the manufactory, houfe, warehoufe, workhoufe, or other place of fuch paper-ftainer, (how all the ftock of printed, painted, and ftained paper, and paper marked for printing, painting, or ftaining, in fuch manufactory or other places; and {hall declare to fuch officer that the ftock of paper fo ffiown is all the ftock of paper of fuch paper-ftainer; and in default of fuch paper being {hewn, and .            fuch  declaration made upon fuch demand as aforefaid, fuch
             paper-ftainer {hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; and all printed, painted, or ftained paper, and paper marked for printing, painting, and ftaining, which {hall not be fo {hewn and declared, {hall be deemed to have been fraudulently hidden or concealed by the paper-ftainer in whofe pofteffion the fame (hall be found, and (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of excife, and fuch paper-ftainer (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.
                XXXIII.      And be it further enadted. That if any printer, painter, or ftainer of paper in Ireland (hall fraudulently hide or conceal, or caufe to be hidden or concealed, with intent to defraud his Majefty of the duty thereon, any printed, painted, or ftained paper, or any paper ffiarked for printing, painting, or ftaining, then all fuch paper {hall be forfeited, and the party fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds for every fuch offence.
                XXXIV.       And for the better preventing of frauds by the lengthening or adding to any piece or remnant of a piece of fuch                   ,
                    painted, or flained paper, 'after fuch piece of paper fhall have been
             jlamped or fealed at both ends thereof as by this att is     ,            be
             it enadled, That if at any time any piece, or remnant of a piece of paper, printed, painted, or ftained, not having fuch frame-
 penalty on concealing paper liable to duty, aoA
 Penalty on frauds by
 lengthening^ mark and (lamp thereon, as by this adt is required, or having P P » ao •   • fuc|j frame-mark and ftamp at one end thereof only, and being
               of as great or greater length than fhall be exprefted by fuch frame-mark, or having fuch frame-mark and ftainp at both ends thereof, and being of greater length than (hall be exprefted by fuch frame-mark by the length of half a yard or more, (hall be found in the pofteffion of any printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, or trader or dealer therein in         ,  every fuch  piece
               of paper or remnant, {hall be forfeited and (eized by any officer . of excife, and the printer, painter, or ftainer of paper, or trader or dealer therein, in whofe pofteffion the fame {hall be found, {hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.
 Stamps, &c. XXXV. And be it further enabled, That the commiffioners to be provided of excife {hall from time to time provide proper frames, and fioner™mif" proper numbers or marks, as they (hall think fit, to denote the Penalty for meafure of all pieces or {heets of paper, printed, painted, or counterfeiting ftained, and proper ftamps or feals to denote the charging of fame, &c. the duties thereon, or any other purpofes of this a<ft, and fhall loo/*         caufe fuch frames, numbers, and marks, and fuch ftamps and
               feals to be diftributed to the refpedtive officers of excife for the
                                                                                                                           feveral
Go gle
 i
 if
 IE
i -
 U
 I
 1
 i
 {
 .
 i
 t
 t
 L

   1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. C. 106. 1223
 feveral purpofes aforefaid ; and foch officers are hereby enjoined and required in ufing. the fame to do no hurt or damage, or the leaft damage that may be, to the paper to be marked or (lamped ; and the faid frames, numbers, or marks, and the faid (lamps or feals to he provided in purfuance of this adl, may be altered or renewed from time to rime, as the faid commiffioners (hall from time to time think fit; and if any perfon (hall at any time counterfeit or forge any frame, number, or mark ufed by any officer in marking fuch paper, or (hall counterfeit or forge the impreffion of the fame upon any paper to be printed, painted, or ftained; and if any perfon (hall at any time counterfeit or forge any (lamp or fcal to refemble any (lamp or feal provided to denote the charging of the duties on paper printed, painted, or ftained, or (hall counterfeit or refemble the impreffion of the fame upon any paper printed, painted, or ftained, or (hall at any time fell any fuch printed, painted, or ftained paper, with a counterfeit ftamp thereon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, every fuch perfon (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds,
   XXXVI.        And be it further enabled, That as often as the Stamps may (lamps, feals, or marks, for denoting that an account has been be changed, taken of paper for printing, painting, or ftaining, or the-ftamps, anfj
 feals, or marks for denoting the meafure of fuch paper, or the ‘     **
 (lamps, feals, or marks for the denoting the charging of the duty thereon, or any of them, (hall be altered or changed, notice thereof fhall be given by the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, in the Dublin Gazette for three fucceffive days of publication thereof; and that any perfon who fhall have in his or her cuftody or poffeffion, any paper for printing, painting, or ftaining, or any fuch paper printed, painted, or ftained, marked, fealed, or damped with the feveral damps, feals, or marks, or any of them, before fuch time in ufe, may, within fuch time as the faid commiffioners (hall by the faid notice appoint, not lefs than two months from the third day of the faid publication of fuch notice, require the officers of excife authorised to feal, or mark, or ftamp fuch paper, or fuch printed, painted, or ftained paper, to ftamp the fame; and every fuch officer is hereby required, without fee or reward, within twenty-four hours after demand, to ftamp, feal, and mark the fame with the new damps, feals, or marks, or any of them, which the faid commiffioners (hall have provided for the purpofes-aforefaid.
   XXXVII.        And be it further ena&ed, That after the ex-Paper (tamped piration of the time fo to be appointed for the damping, fealing, with old
 or marking fuch paper for printing, painting, or ftaining, or aftet* any fuch paper printed, painted, or ftained, witli fuch new t-me for rc. (lamps, feals, or marks which (hall have been provided, all fuch (tamping, paper found in the poffeffion of any perfon without fuch new expired, or altered or changed (lamps, feals, or marks thereon, (hall be forfeited and may be feized by any officer of his Majefty’s revenue of excife.
   XXXVIII.      And be it further enabled, That if any paper-Penalty on
                                                        ' ft liner rcraovia
Go gle
 may be fearched for and feized.
 1224 Anno regni quadragefimoquintoGEORcti III. c. 106. [1805.
 ftjinps, ai,d flaincr or other peefon in Ireland (hall by any means or con-
 on'undamped tr‘vancea a®x t0 or uPon any P'cce °f paper or (heet of paper paper, 50/. printed, painted, or (lained, any frame-mark, or any (lamp or and forfeiture, feal which (hall have been before affixed or put on any piece of paper or (heet of paper printed, painted, or (lained, then and in every fuch cafe fuch perfon fo offending (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; and every piece and (heet of fuch paper whereupon fuch frame-mark, (lamp, or feal, (hall be fo fraudulently affixed or put, (hall be forfeited and feized. Stained paper XXXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That upon oath made undamped by any credible perfon, that fuch perfon hath reafon to fufpedt or believe that any paper printed, painted, or (lained, for which a duty chargeable thereon, or which ought to have been (lamped as in this adl is diredted, is in the cuflody or poffeffion of any perfon in Ireland, not being licenfed to manufadlure paper-hangings for fale, without having thereupon fuch (lamp or feal as is by this adl required to denote the charging the duties thereupon, it (hall and may be lawful for any juflice of the peace from time to time to iifuehis warrantor order, and thereby to authorife and require any officer or officers of excife, with the afliftance of a conftablc or other peace-officer in the daytime, to fearch for the fame, and to open doors, cheds, trunks, and packages, and to feize fuch paper printed, painted, or dained, not having fuch damp thereon ; and fuch paper printed, painted, or dained, found undamped in the poffeffion of any fuch perfon, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by anyofficer of excife : Exception as provided always, that no remnant of any piece of fuch printed, to remnants, painted, or dained paper, being of lefs length than (hall be exprefled by the frame-mark thereon being fo found having fuch damp or feal as by this adl is required at one' end thereof, (hall be forfeited by reafon of not having fuch damp or feal at both ends thereof; and if any perfon lhall obftrudl any officer of excife from entering any place for the purpofes afurefaid, or in (eizing or carrying away any paper by this adl forfeited, every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.
                 XL. And be it further enadted. That all and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures inflidled by this adl, (hall be paid and recovered in Britj/h currency ; and (hall and may be lued for, recovered, levied, and applied in fuch manner and form, and by able as under fuch ways and means, and wi'h fuch powers and authorities as Irilh excife are prescribed, directed, and appointed, in and by an adl of parliament made in Ireland, in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the Second, in* tituled. An aft for the feeling of the excife or new iwpo/l upon his MujcJly, his heirs and                                            Jucceffor, according to the hook of rates therein
               inferted, or by any other adl or adts in force in Ireland relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, as fully and effedtually to ail intents, conftrudlions, and purpofes as if the fame were particularly mentioned and exprefied and re-enadled in this adl, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties who (hail think him, her, or thcmfelves aggrieved or injured, as in and by
                                                                                                               th«
1
 Penalty on obftructing officer, 50/.
 Penalties payable in Bntifh currency; and recover-
 aft. «4. 15
 C. v c. 8.
Go gle
                                                                                   I
  1S05.] Annoregni quadrageftmo quinto Georgii III. c.106. 1225
  the faid ad of excife, or any ad Or ads in force in relating to hisMajefty’s revenue of excife is provided.
    XL1. Provided always, and be it enaded, That it (hall and Penalties not may be Jawful to and for any one juftice of the peace within his exceeding ao /. jurifdidion, where any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture, not ex- may bereco-cecding twenty pounds, (hall be incurred under this ad, to hear and determine the fame, and to convid the party offending on within three his or her own confeffion, or on the oath of any one credible month*, witnefs; and in all fuel* cafes one moiety of the penalty or forfeiture fhall be paic* to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifh in which the offence fhall have been committed, or the convidion made, at the diferetion of the juftice; and fuch juftice of the peace is hereby authorifed and required upon information made on oath in that behalf, within three months after the offence committed, to fummon the party accufed, and alfo the witnefs or witneffes upon either iide, and if upon the confeffion of the party accufed, or examination of any witnefs or witneffes on oath, which oath fuch juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter, fuch party fhall be convided of the offence alleged againft him, then it fhall be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby required to award and iffue out a warrant under his hand and leal, to any conftable of the county, for levying the penalty or forfeiture incurred on the goods of the offender, and to caufe fale to be made thereof in cafe the fame fhall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any) after deduding the cxpence of fuch fale; and for want of fufficicnt diftrefsit fhall be lawful for fuch juftice. Appeal to and he is hereby required, to commit fuch offender to gaol, for any quarter-fef-time not exceeding three months, or until fuch penalty or for- “on* feiture fhall be paid ; and if any perfon (hall find himfelf or her-feJf aggrieved by the judgement of the faid juftice, then fuch perfon (hall and may complain or appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next general quarter leffions for the county, and fuch juftices are hereby empowered to fummon and examine witneffes upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the complaint or appeal; and in cafe the convidion of the party (hall be affirmed, fuch juftices fhall iffue warrants for levying the penalty or forfeiture as aforefaid, and alfo for levying on the goods of the appellants fuch fum, not exceeding forty (hillings, as the faid juftices fhall appoint for the cofts ot fuch appeal, to be paid to the informer; and where any fuch pecuniary penalty or penalties forfeiture (hall exceed the fum of twenty pounds, the fame may above 20/. be fued for and recovered by any perfon who fhall fue for the may he refame, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, or by civil bill in any of the courts of record in     , or at the quarter-
  feftionsof thejuftieps of the peace, or at the ailizes in any county or county of a town or city in Inland; and it fhall be lawful for the court before whom any fuch penalty fhall be recovered, to order the offender to be committed to gaol, there to remain for any time in the diferetion of fuch court, or until fuch fine or • forfeiture be fully paid and fatisfied.
                                                    XLII. And
   
 certiorari.
 Penalty on
 1226 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii Ilf. c. 106. [1805. Proceedings XLII. And be it further enaded, That no convidion made
 removable by* or a,,e£cd bc mfad? b>' any juftice of the peace, nor any • 7 proceeding before fucK juftice, or before any juftices of the peace at the quarter feffions, nor any fentence or order given or made, or alleged to be given or made, by any fuch juftice or juftices under or by virtue of this ad, (hall be removed by writ of certiorari out of the county, city, town, or place wherein fuch • conviction or proceeding (hall have been had or made, into any court whatfoever; and that no writ of certiorari fhall fuperfede execution or other proceedings upon fuch conviction, order, or fentence fo made or given in purfuance of this ad; but that execution and other proceedings (hall be had and made thereupon, any fuch writ of eertior or allowance thereof notwith-ftanding.
   XLIII. And be it further enaded, That any juftice of the peace or magiftrate in Ireland, who fhall negled or refufe, in doas required any *nftance» to carry this ad into execution, upon a proper bytheatf, 50/ application made to him, fhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds Britijh currency for every fuch negled or refufal, to be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any court of record in Ireland,by the perfon who fhall have made fuch application, in which no efToign, protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance fhall be allowed j the money recovered by fuch aCtion to be applied, as to one half thereof, to the ufe of the perfon fuing for the fame, and the other half to be paid to the minifter, reCtor, or churchwarden of the parifh wherein fuch juftice of peace or magiftrate fliall refide, for the ufe of the poor therein.
 IrifhaCU, XLIV. And be it further enaCted, That an ad made in the
 38G.3.C. 24, parliament of Ireland in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent
 an<G * c 1 Majefty’s reign, intituled, An to              the collection of the
 repealed as*to’ duties on auctions, and on glafs bottles made in this kingdom; and on
 paper-ftainers, paper printed, painted, or Jlained in this kingdom, to fervefor hangings
 trnm one or other ufes ; and to prevent frauds        j and alfo an ad made
 month after jn tj^ parliament of Ireland in the thirty-ninth year of his prefent commence- ,, . Ar, .                  ,    ,     .     ,          .,r „     ,
 mentoftbis Majefty s reign, to amend and continue the faid recited aCt of
 a ft;        the thirty-eighth year, fo far as the faid ads, or either of them,
 relate to the duty on paper printed, painted, or ftained in    ,
 fliall, from and after the expiration of one month after the palling of this ad, ceafe and determine during the continuance of this ad, except only fo far as relates to any penalties or forfeitures incurred under the faid ads or either of them ; and that this prefent ad fhall commence from and after the expiration of one month from the palling thereof, except where any other time is mentioned for the commencement of any of the provifions in this ad contained.
   XLV. And be it further enaded, That this ad fhall continue in force until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and fix.
 Commencement of aCt.
 Continuance of the act.
   Got gle
                                                                                    CAP. CVII.
 \
 !
 I,
 t
 i
 (
 f
 C
 r
 i
 »
 f
 f
 k
 i
 f
 p
 t
 il
 *
 t
 »
 *
 F
 t
 I
 *
 r
 fi
 *
 p
 K
 H
 t
 i
 *
 F
 ►
 i
 9
 t
 i
 i
   1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Geo. III. c. 107,108. 1227
                     CAP. CVII.
    An ail for charging, until the twenty-fifth day March one thoufani eight hundred and fix,-an additional duty on Spanifh red wine, imported into Ireland.— [July 10,1805.]
 WHEREAS it is expedient that an additional duty Jhould be granted on Spanifh red wine imported into Ireland ; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafled ; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the tenth day of pron,o&. to, Oilober one thoufand eight hundred and five, until and upon the ,805, until twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and fix, March there (hall be raifed, levied, colledled and paid unto his Majefty, ^S°n’hthei^« his heirs and fucceffors, on every tun containing two hundred and fQJ every tun fifty-two gallons of Spanifh red wine, imported or brought into of Spanifh Ireland,an additional duty of fix pounds eighteen (hillings and four- red wine pence; and there (hall be paid and allowed for every tun con- imported into taining two hundred and fifty-two gallons of fuch wine, for or ^tional duty" in refpedt whereof the duty by this adt impofed (hall have been 0f6/. iSj. 4^. paid, which (hall be exported from Ireland, an additional draw- Drawback to back of fix pounds eighteen (hillings and four-pence; which be allowed on duty and drawback refpediively (hall be managed, raifed, levied, exportation, collected, paid, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in fuch and the like manner, and by the fame means, ways, and methods in every refpedf, as the duty on Spani/l) wines imported into Ireland is managed, raifed, levied, collected, paid, recovered, appropriated, applied, and allowed, under an adl made in the prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An for granting to his 45 G. 3. c. 18. Majefty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and fix, certain rates and duties, and to allow certain drawbacks and. bounties upon goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former rates and duties, bounties and drawbacks.
                     CAP. CVIII. '
 An ail to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and fix, fever al for the better
   and fecurity of the revenues of cuftomsand in Ireland, and
   for preventing frauds therein. — [July io, 1805.J
 "TX THERE AS fevtral ails relating to the better colleilion end V V fecurity of the revenues of cufioms and excife in Ireland are near expiring, and it is expedient that the fame or certain parts thereof fhould be continued in manner herein-after mentioned; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by
                                                     the
Go gle
                                      1228 AnnoregniquadrageftmoquintoGEORGii III. c. 108. [1805.
 Thelrifh aftsthe authority of the fame. That the feveral ads herein-after berein-men- recited, or fo much and fuch parts of them as are herein-tin^th/a^ter rnent'one<l> and and every the powers, authorities, venue of Ire- proviftons, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, land (except and things in the faid feveral recited ads er any of them con-where herebv tained, (except as herein-after is excepted, and except fuch be further *lauk* and proviftons of any of the faid recited acts as have been continued till amended or repealed by any claufe or claufes in any other or Sept.29,1806.others of the faid recited ads, or by any other ad or ads) fhall be refpedively further continued, and (hall be in force throughout Ireland; that is to fay, an ad made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his prelent Majefty, intituled. An ad for better regulating the colletlion of bit Majefty's revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein; and for repealing an ad made in the thirty-ninth year of his prelent Majefty, intituled, * An aft for continuing and amending Jeverai laws relating to his Majefly's revenue, and for the more effectually preventing the frauds therein, and the feveral ads and Jlatutes which are mentioned to be continued by this ad;’ and alfo an ad made in the parliament of the Untted Kingdom in the forty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad to amend feveral ads of parliament for the better           and fecurity of his
            revenue of cuftoms and excife in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein, and to make further regulations relating thereto ; and alfo an ad made in the forty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for making further regulations for the better colledion and fecurity of his revenue of cuftoms and
            excife in Ireland, and for preventing frauds ;  and alfo fo
            much of an ad made in the parliament of           , in the
            thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An ad to Jecure the colledion of the duties on , and on glaft
            bottles made in this               kingdom, and on paper , or
            ftained in this kingdom to ferve for hanging or other ufts, and to prevent frauds therein, as the fame is amended by two ads made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty; and alfo an ad made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for regulating the payment of bounties on the exportation cf certain manufadures of this kingdom ; and alfo fo much of an ad made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for regulating the ,  , and fale of coffee,
            and fecuring the duties payable , as relates to the    import
            and export of coffee, and fecuring the duties thereon; and alio an ad made in the parliament of  in        the fortieth year of his
            prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An ad for the better colledion of all duties on hiaes and /kins tunned and dreffed in , and on vellum and parchment made in Ireland, andfor preventing frauds on his Majefly's revenue thetein-, and alfo fo much of an ad made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled,            regulation of,
                                                                                                   tod

                                                                                                                                                                              I
 X805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georcii III. c. 108. 1229
 and fecuring the duties payable on, licences to engaged in the
 feveral trades therein-mentioned, and to hawkers and pedlars', and
 the duties on playing cards', and for    the expences       of
 diflrainingfor the King's rents, and for other purpofes, as relates to the duties on playing cards, and to licences for making cards ; and alfo fo much of the laid ad as does not relate to the other licences in the faid ad mentioned; and alfo an ad made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for the better regulating the ijfuing and granting of permits and certificates for the conveyance and prote£lion of certain exctfeable goods therein-mentioned; and to prevent frauds by dealers in or retailers of fuch goods, as the lame is amended by an ad of the prefent fellion of parliament; and alfo an ad made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to regulate the trade of reftifying fpirits,and to prevent frauds on his Majejly's revenue by reftifers of fpirits, as the fame is amended by an ad made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty; and alfo an ad made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for regulating and extending the tobacco trade, and for fecuring the duties payable on the import and manufafture of tobacco, as the fame is amended by an ad made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty} and the faid ads and every of them (except as aforefaid) are hereby refpedively continued until and upon the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and fix; and all the faid recited ads fhall be obferved and complied with during the continuance of this ad, in the railing, colleding, levying, paying, and managing the feveral duties of cuftoms, excife, and taxes payable in Ireland, hy virtue of any ad or ads now in force and effed, as fully and cffedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid ads had been refpedively extended to all the faid duties, and to the time herein-mentioned, and as if all the faid duties, and the time herein-mentioned, had been mentioned and contained in the faid recited ads or any of them.
    II. And be it further enaded. That an ad, made in the par- Irifh adh of liament of Ireland, in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his 36 6. j.and prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for continuing and amending the feveral ails for the further improvement and extenfson of the fijherits on the coaji of this kingdom; and alfo an ad made in the parliament of Ireland held, in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to explain 13 tc 14 G. and amend an aft, pajfed in this feffton of parliament, intituled, * An turthcr conti-aft for granting annuities in the manner therein provided to fuch nue<* till Sept. perfons as fhall voluntarily fubferibe towards the raifing a fum not 49’ 1 0 exceeding the fum of two hundred and fixty-five thoufand pounds; * which faid recited ads have, by feveral fubfequent ads, been continued, and are in force until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and live, fhall be, and the
   
Digitii
 1230 Annoregni quadragefimoquintoGEO. III. c. 109—113. [1805.
            fame arc hereby further continued, and (hall be in force in ,
            until and upon the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and fix. lord-lieute- III. And be it further enacted. That it (hall and may be na"* m?y lawful for the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, «tionCinU))0r* by an^ the advice and confent of his Majefty’s privy-council Ireland of of Ireland, to permit the importation into Ireland of tobacco, tobacco, fpirits, teas, wines, or coffee, at fuch ports and places as the (aid lu'ch *' rts'as1 l°rd-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, and privy-hethinks * council, (hall think fir, under and fubje£l to fuch regulations and proper. reftritfions in other refpe<5ls, as tobacco, fpirits, teas, wines, or coffee, may by law be imported into               , provided it (hall be
            made to appear that any fuch port is, with refpedt to the trade and commerce carried on therein, and from the nature of its fituation, a port at which it would be juft and reafonable to permit fuch importation.
                                     CAP. CIX.
             An aft to amend fo much of an aft, for granting to his Majefty feverai fums of money for defraying the charge of certain permanent fervices in Ireland, as relates to the military furvey of Ireland.—[July 10, 180 j.
                          V    I
             Act 41 Geo. 3. c. 3a. recited. The Treafury of Ireland may order a6o/. 1©/. 1 d 20.Engli(h,being282/. 4/. 3d. iq. lrifli, to be paid yearly to Major* General Vallancey, or any other perfon, while employed in the military furyey of Ireland. The provifions of the recited aft to extend to this aft.
                   CAP. CX.
           An aft for exempting from the duties pr profits arifing from property* the firft half-yearly dividends or annuities, under an aft of the prefent feflion, for railing the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds by way of annuities, for the fervice of Ireland, which (hall not have been written into the books of the bank of England.—[July 10,1805. J.
                                CAP. CXI.
           An aft to amend and render more effeftual an aft made in the parliament of Ireland, in the firth year of his prefent Majetty, intituled. An aft for erefting and cftablifhing publick infirmaries or hofpitals in this kingdom—[July 10, 1805.]
                                   CAP. CXII.
             An aft to appoint commiflioners to inquire and examine into any irregularities or abufes which may have taken place in conducing and managing the paving, cleanfing, and lighting the ftreets of Dublin 5 and to provide for the fufpenfton of the powers and authorities of the coiporation of directors and commiffioners for paving, cleanfing, and , lighting the faid ftreets, and for vefting the fame in other perfons during fuch fufpenlion ; and for the better conducting and managing the bufi* ncJs of the faid corporation.—[July 10, 1805.]
                                   CAP. CXIII.
             An aft for granting a certain fum of money towards improving the harbour on the north fide of the Hill of Howth, near Dublin, and rendering it a fit fituation for his Majelty’s packets.—[July 10, 1805 ]
             Ten thoufand pounds, lrifli, to be ifluedout of the confolidated fund of
                                                                                                               Ireland
        »
 edbyGo gle ,                                        NE
 I
 I
 II
 C
s
1
J
6
2 2
r
f

 I
 I
I
 •1805.] AnnoregniquadragcfimoquintoGfio.III. c. 114—11
 Ireland to filch perfons as the lord-lieutenant (hall appoint, for improvement of Howth harbour. Perfons fo appointed (hall be verted with the fame powers as are given to the corporation for prcferving the port of Dublin by Irifh aft, 26 Geo. 3.                             /
                                                     CAP. CXIV.
 An aft for enabling the commiflioners of the Treafuryof Great Britain to advance a certain fum of money to the lord-provoft, magiftrates, and council of the city of Edinburgh, towards the completion of the docks and other woiks in the harbour of Leith.—[July 10, 1805.]
 Afts 39 Geo. 3. c. 44. (local)j 39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 57 } 45 Geo. 3. c. 32. (local) recited. The Treafury may advance 15,000/. to the lord-provoft,
 &c. of Edinburgh, to be applied in completing the harbour of Leith. The rates of the harbour, &c. to be afligned to the barons of the Exchequer in Scotland as a fecurity for the debt. Intereft at 5/. per centum per annum to be paid half-yearly.
                                                      CAP. CXV.
 An aft for purchafing certain buildings and ground in and near Palace Yard, Weftminftcr, for theufe of the publick.—[July 10, 1805.]
 Aft 44 Geo. 3. c. 61. recited. Special commiflioners under recited aft, may purchafc certain buildings in New Palace Yard. Powers of recited aft to extend to this aft. Premifesnotto be leafed under any aft relating to crown lands without concurrence of fpecial commiflioners.
                                                     CAP. CXVI.
 An aft for enabling his Majefty to grant a certain creek, called Chelfon Bay, otherwife bhilfton Bay, in cr near the parifh of Plympton Saint . Mary, in the county of Devon 5 and for veftine the fame, for a valuable confideration, in the right honourable John lord Boringdon, and his heirs.—[July xo, 1805.]
 For verting in lord Boringdon the property of Chelfon Bay for aoo/. Surveyor-general to lay out the money in purchafe of 3/. per cent, confo-lidated bank annuities. Form of receipt to be given for purchafe-money. General faving.
                                                    CAP. CXVII,
 An aft to continue the proceedings in the Houfe of Lords touching the conduftof LukeFox, efquire, oneof the judges of the court of Common-pleas of that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, notwith-ftanding any prorogation or diflolution of parliament.—[July 10, 1805.]
                                                    CAP* CXVIII.
 An aft for railing the fum of eight millions by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of Great Britain for the year one thoufand eight hundred and five.—[July 10, 1805.]
 Commiflioners of the Treafury may raife 8,000,000/. by loans and exchequer bills in like manner as is preferibed by the malt aft of this feflion, c. ?. concerning loans, See. The claufes. Scc. in the laid aft relating to loan3 or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this aft. Exchequer bills to bear intereft of $d. zq. per centum per diem. Exchequer bills fo iflued not to be received again in payment of any taxes ; nor exchanged before April 5, 1806. Principal and intereft with charges to be repaid out of the firft fuppliesto be granted in the next feflion. Bank of England authorised to advance 4*030,000/. on the credit of this aft .
                           A t. .                  CAP.  CXIX.
Go gle
8.1*3f
ii$2 Annoregni quadragefimoquintoGEo. III. c. 119—121. [1805*
                                    CAP. CXIX.
             An aft for railing the fum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of Great Britain for the year one thoufand eight hundred and five; and for indemnifying the hank of England for having advanced money for thepubiick fervice on the credit of certain exchequer bills.—[July io, 1*05.]
             Coramiflioners of theTreafury may raife 1,500,000/, by loans and exchequer bills in like^nunner as is prefci ibed by the malt aft of this fefiion, c. i. concerning loans, &c. The claufes, See, in the faid aft relating to Joans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this aft. Exchequer hills to bear an mterefi of $J. ay. per centum per diem. Exchequer bills fo iflued not to be received again in payment of any taxes j nor exchanged before April 5, 1806. Principal and inteielt with charges, to be repaid out of the fupplies to be granted in this fefiion. Bank of England authorifed to advance the faid fum on the credit of thi* aft. Bank of England indemnified for advancing money under afts mentioned in this aft.
                                  CAP. CXX.
            An aft for railing the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, by loans or exchequer bibs, for the fervice of Great Britain for the yeaf one thoufand eight hundred and five.—[July 10, 1805.]
            Commifiioners of the Treafury may raife 1,500,000/. by loans and exchequer bills in like manner as is preferibed by the malt aft of this leffion# c. I concerning loans, See. The thufes, &c. in the laid aft relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this aft. Exchequer bills to bear an interell of 3Y. 2q. per centum per diem. Exchequer bills fo Ifiued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before Apiil 5, 1806. Principal and interell with charges to be repaid out of the fupplies to be granted in this felfion. Bank of England authorifed to advance money on the credit of this aft.
                                 CAP. CXXI.
            An aSlfor the more effectual prevention  —[July 12,1805. ]
              WHEREAS in defiance of the                    laws  of cufioms and
                              excife,great quantities of goods are illegally imported intoy and landed in the United Ki, as well by                  means as
              by open force, to the great detriment of the     ,  and the      -
              fton of all civil authority: and whereas it is become highly that Jome further provifion Jhould be made for the remedy of theft great evils: be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majeftv, by anJ with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled. Certain vefTels and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the coming from p3fling of this ad, if any veflel or boat coming from foreign parts, and belonging wholly or in part to his Majefty’s fubje&s, or whereof one half of the perfons on board (hall be fubje£b of the Britifli or his Majefty, (other than and except any (hip or other Ojuare-Iri(h chan- rigged veflel), (hall be found in any part of the Britifb or Irijb channels, or ellewhere on the high (eas, within one hundred leagues of any part of the coafts of Great Britain or                       , or
 fhall be difeovered to have been within the faid limits, having on board any foreign brandy, rum, geneva, or other fpirirs, in any caflt or package of lefs ftze or content than fixty gallons
                                                                                                                      * (excepc
 foreign parts found in any part of
 nels, or high feas, within a certain difiance #f the coalts of Great Bri tain or Ire-
Go gle
"
 .
 I
k
V
 I
 I
 p
 *
 i
 \9
 \*
 P
 *>
 *
 f
 \
 I
 *
 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 121. 1233
 (except only for the ufe of the feamen belonging to and on land, having board fuch veffel or boat, not exceeding two gallons for each fcaman); or any tea exceeding fix pounds in the whole; or any&c on board tobacco or fnuff in any calk or package whatever, containing in caiks or lefs than four hundred and fifty pounds weight, (except loofe packages, &c. tobacco for the ufe of the featnen on board fuch veffel or boat, °/Jteorc°”an not exceeding five pounds weight of tobacco for each feaman, t<^IajJuan'’ and except fuch tea or manufactured tobacco or fnuff, as lhall herein-men. have been duly (hipped for exportation as merchandize ontioned, the board fuch veffel or boat, from fome port or place in /re/aw^;.) J^ole to be then not only all fuch foreign brandy, rum, geneva, or other or cl c * fpirits, and all fuch tea, tobacco, or fnuff, together with the* calks or packages containing the fame, but’alfo every fuch veffel or boat, together with all the guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel thereof, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by ajfy orr.cer or officers of his Majefty's navy or marines, or of the cufloms or excife.
    II.   Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in cafe and veflels any veffel or boat, not coming from foreign parts, (hall, on thenot coming high feas, take on board from out of any (hip or other veffel or but ^* boat coming from foreign parts, any foreign brandy, rum^a^jng fuch geneva, or other fpirits, in any calk or package, of lefs fize orartideson content titan as aforefaid, or any tea whatever, or any tobacco board from or fnuff, in any lefs quantity than as aforefaid, every fuch veffel
 or boat lhall be deemed and confidered to be a veflel or boat bc forfeited coming from foreign parts within the meaning of this adf, and in like man-not only all fuch foreign brandy, rum, geneva, of other fpirits,ner* and all fuch tea, tobacco, or fnuff, together with the calks or packages containing the lame, but alfo every fuch veffel or boat, together with all the guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel thereof, lhall be forfeited, and lhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of his Majefiy’s navy or marines, or of the culloms or excife.
    III.   And be it further enabled. That no foreign brandy, rum, Regulations geneva, or other fpirits, lhall be imported into or exported from^0r ,m* the ifiands of Guemfey, Jetfey, Alderney, or , or either °fex^rtituir/ them, or removed from any one to any other.of the faid ifiands,of fpiiits, or coaftwife from any one part to any other part of either of the tobacco,or faid ifiands, or lhall he (hipped in order to be fo removed or wine, into or carried, or lhall be water-borne for the purpofe of being
 (hipped in any (hip, veffe), or boat, of lefs burthen than one Alderney, or,
 hundred tons, nor in any calk or package of lefs fize or content Sark.
 than fixty gallons ; nor any tobacco or fnuff in any (hip, veflel,
 or boat, of lefs burthen than one hundred tons, nor in any calk
 or package containing lefs than four hundred and fifty pounds
 weight (lave and except any fuch fpirits or loofe tobacco as
 (nail be for the ufe of the feamen belonging to and on board any
 fuch Ihip, veflel, or boat, not exceeding two gallons of the
 former, and five pounds of the latter for each feaman, and alfo
 except fuch manufatfured tobacco or fnuff as lhall have been
 duly exported as merchandize from Great Britain or Ireland;
    Voi.. XLV.                 4 FC                          not
Go gle
Digiti;
1234 Artrto rcgni quadragefimo qninto Georoii III. c. 121. [1805.
              nor (hall ari^ wine be imported into or exported from the faid iflands of Gnernfey, Jerfey,        , or Sark, or either of them,
              or carried from any one of the faid iflands to any other thereof, or coaftwifc from any one part to any other part of either of the faid iflands, or be (hipped or water-borne for the purpofe of being (hipped in any (hip, veflel, or boat, of lefs burthen than fixty tons, or in any ca(k or package of lefs content than a reputed hogihead, on pain of forfeiture of all fuch foreign brandy, rum, geneva, or other fpirits, tobacco, fnuff, or wine refpe&ively, together with the caflcs or packages containing the fame, and alfo every fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, together with all the guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel thereof, .        which (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of his
              Majcfty’s army, navy, or marines, or of the cufloms or-excife. Licenfed        JV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing
 tons havin'? herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to a certain* fubjeil to forfeiture or feizure under any of the proviflons of quantity of this a<ft, any boat not exceeding the burthen of ten ton*, for l|)irits, See. having on board at any one time any foreign fpirits of the the ffipplv of 3uanlity of ten gallons or under, in ca(ks or packages of lefs the ifle ot fizfe or content than fixty gallons, or any tobacco, fnuff, or tea, Sark not not exceeding fifty pounds weight of each, for the fupply of the feiiablc. fajd ifland of Sark, fuch boat having a licence from the proper office^ of cufloms at either of the iflands of Guernfey and for the purpofe of being employed in carrying commodities for the fupply of the faid ifland of Sark, which licence fuch officer of cufloms is hereby required to grant without taking any fee or reward for the fame : provided always, that every fuch boat having on board at any one time any greater quantity of fpirits than ten gallons, or any greater quantity of tobacco or fnuff than fifty pounds weight ot each of the faid articles, unleis fuch greater quantity of fpirits, tobacco, or fnuff, (hall be in cafks or packages of the fize, content, or weight herein-before required, or having on board at any one time any greater quantity of tea than fifty pounds weight, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s army, navy, or marines, or of the cufloms or excife.
 Not to pre- V. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing vent theim- herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to portation into preVent the importation into or exportation from the faid iflands tion from** Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney or Sark, or either of them, of any Guernfey, wine in bottles, (hipped in cafes or cafks only, each containing &c. of wme at lead fix dozen reputed quart bottles: provided always, that in            before any fuch wine in bottles (hall be (hipped for exportation
 cafes con- ,0 or f°r Great Britain or             , the mailer or other perfon
 taininp fix having the charge or command of the fhip, veflel, or boat, in dozen quart or on board of which fuch wine (hall be fo intended to be ex-bottfes, but ported, together with one other fufficient furety, (hall give bond
 tabon^totbia" *n t*ie Pena^7 f°rty killings gallon, that the wine fo kingdom, (hipped (hall (the danger of the feas and eriemies excepted) be bond to be duly entered and landed at die port or place in Great Britain or •mered ijito                                                    ,            htiani
 Got gle
   1805.] Annoregni quadragefiruo quintoGEORGilIJI. c.121. 1235
 Ireland to or for which the fame (hall be declared at the time of jj* manner giving fuch bond (which bond and declaration the proper officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms is hereby authorifed and empowered to take); and fuch officer is hereby required to furnifti the mailer or other perfon having the charge or command of the ' (hip, veflel, or boat, in which any fuch wine may be, with a certificate, fpecifying the number of fuch packages as afore-fajd, and the quantity of wine contained in each, the date of the bond, nnd the name of the port or place to or for. which the fame fhall be fo declared; and fuch bond fo given as aforefaid (hall not be delivered up or cancelled until a certificate, under the hand of the proper officer of the cufloms in Great Britain or       Ireland, of the due landing of the wine mentioned therein,
 fhall be produced to and left with the officer taking the faid bond within three months after the date of fuch bonds.
    VI.     And be it further enabled. That, from and after the VefTela having palling of this a£l, if any Ihip, veflel, or boat, having on board
 any foreign brandy, rum, geneva, or other fpirituous liquors, tobaccoTin^ in any calk or package which fhall not contain fixty gallons atiefs packages the leaft (except only for the ufe of the feamen then belonging and quantities to and on board fuch Ihip, veflel, or boat, not exceeding two gallons for each feaman) or having on board any wine in calks ^ found * or packages of lefs content than a reputed hogfhead (except hovering fuch wine in bottles as by this a£l is allowed, and provided fudh within certaia fhip, veflel, or boat having wine on board, lhall not exceed fixty tons burthen), or having on board any tobacco or fnuff in any WgjjCa8 th9 calk or package containing lefs than four hundred and fifty articles, pounds weight (fave and except loofe tobacco for the ufe of the feamen, not exceeding five pounds for each feaman), fhall be fourfd at anchor, or hovering, or fhall be difeovered to have been within two leagues of the coafls of the faid iflands of Guernfeyy Jerfeyy or Sarky or within two miles of the coaft of Itlderney, fuch fhip, veflel, or boat, not proceeding on her voyage (wind and weather permitting) unlefs in cafe of unavoidable ncceflity or diftrefs of weather, of which neceflity or diftrefs the mailer or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch Ihip, veffel, or boat, (hall give notice, and make proof before the chief officer of 'the cuftoms of the neareft port, or the port in which fuch Ihip, veflel, or boat, lhall take Iheher, or to which fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, can go under all circum—
 (lances of wind, tide, and weather, immediately after the arrival of fuch Ihip, veflel, or boat, within the limits of fuch port, then not only all fuch goods and packages, but alfo the Ihip, veflel, or boat, on board which the lame lhall be found as aforefaid, with all the guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel thereof, (hall be/orfeited, and may and (hall be feized as fuch by any officer of his Majefty’s navy or marines, or of cuftoms or excife.
   VII.  And be it further enadled, That every perfon being penalty on
 a fubje£l of his Majefly, who (hall be found or taken on board, perfons found or difeovered to have been on board anv Ihip, veffel, or boat, onJ»oard,
                            *t!          '               liable  "*b
Go gle
  1236 Anno rcgni quadragefimo quintoGEOROii III. c. 121. [1805. to forfeiture, liable to forfeiture under any of the provifions of this aft, or uaftHrfin*’'or t0 f°rfc*ture under the provifions of any other act or afts, concealing * for being found, or having been at anchor, or hovering within fpirits, See. any fuch diftances of any of the dominions of his Majefty, with fuch goods on board, as fubjeft fuch (hip, vefTel,* or boat, or goods, to forfeiture, and who (hall not prove that he was only . a paflenger on board fuch (hip, vefTel, or boat, and every perfon found aiding or affifting in unihipping to be laid on land, or found carrying, conveying, concealing, or affifting in the carrying away, conveying, or concealing, any foreign brandy, rum, geneva, or fpirits, fubjeft to forfeiture under this aft, or any law or aft relating to the revenue of cuftoms or excife, in the United Kingdom, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence either treble the value of the goods that (hall be found or taken from fuch perfon or perfons, or the fum of one hundred pounds, at the option and fubieft to the election and diferetion of the coramiffioners of cuftoms or excife refpeftively, who (hall direft any profecution or fuit to be commenced againft any fuch peifon, fuch penalty of treble the value, or of one hundred pounds, as the cafe may be, to be recovered as any like penalty may be recovered under any aft or afts relating to the revenue of cuftoms or excife in the United Kingdom, and one half of every fuch penalty of treble value, or of one hundred pounds, fhail go an I be applied to the ufe of the perfon or perfons finding and taking, and detaining fuch perfon, or informing for the fame, and fuch perfon (hall alfo be liable to fuch other punifhment as may.bv any law Perfons found or aft of parliament be inflifted on any fuch offender; and it affiftinar<ma"                    f°r  any °fficer or officers of the army, navy,
  he taken be- marines, cuftoms, or excife, and he and they is and are hereby fore a juftice j authorifed, empowered, and required to ftop, arreft, and detain every fuch perfon, being a fubjeft of his Majefty, and to convey the faid perfon before one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace refiding near to the port or place into which fuch (hip, vefTel, or boat (hall be taken or carried, or near to the place where any fuch perfon (hall be fo taken or arrefted ; and it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, and he and they is and are hereby required, upon proof on oath by o«»e or more credible witnefs or witnefi'es, that fuch perfon was fo found or taken, or difeovered as aforefaid, unlefs any fuch pcrlon • ound or taken, or having been on board of any'fuch (hip, veil'd, or boat, (hall prove to the fatisfaftion of fuch juftice that he .             was only a paflenger on board fuch (hip, vefTel, or boat, to hold
                fuch perfon to bail, with two good and lufficient fureiies, in the fum of one hundred pounds each, for the appearance ot fuch perfon, to anfwer to any indictment or information that may be brought againlt him in that behalf, and to pay fuch penalty, and abide any judgement for any fuch offence; and in default of any fuch perfon finding fuch good and lufficient bail as aforefaid, or until the fame (hall be found, to commit fuch perfon to any gaol or prifon, or houfe of correftion, to anfwer orifdcfirous as aforefaid: provided neverthclefs, that if any fuch peifon fo of entering                                                                          * , found
 

  V
  1
    t
  f
  I-
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. C.121. 1237
 found or difcovered, and taken as aforefaid, (hall be capable and into navy or dellrous of entering and I'erving 3» a feaman or marine in any of his Majedy’s (hips of war, it (hall be lawful for the officer or forc 0flicert' officers of the army, navy, or marines, or of the cuftoms or inftead of excile, by whom fuch perfon was taken, arreded, and detained juftices. as aforefaid, or for any judice of the peace or magiftrate before whom any fuch perfon may he carried, and fuch officer and offi.ers is,and are hereby authorifed, empowered, and required, inilead of taking fuch perfon before any'judice or mag.drate, and fuch judice or magidrate is hereby authorifed, indead of holding any fuch perfon to bail, to carry and convey, or caufe to he carried or conveyed fuch perfon on board any of his Ma-jefty’s (hips of war, in.order to his being entered and received as a feaman or marine; and fuch perfon being fo entered and received, (hall not on any account be difcharged from his Majedy’s fervice during the term of five years, and from thence until the conclufion of any war in which his Majedy may be engaged at the period of the expiration of fuch five years, unlefs disabled within that time by unavoidable accident or bodily infirmity ; and any officer of his Majefty’s navy or marines, who (hall prefume knowingly and wilfully, to difeharge any perfon fo entered and received as aforefaid contrary to this a£I, or fhall by falfe muder cr certificate, or in confideration of a gratuity of any kind, or by any other collufive or evafive ways or means whatfoever, fuffer or permit any luch perfon to avoid the a&ual lervice hereby intended, every fuch officer (hall, on convidlion for any fuch offence, cither by any court-mariial, or on any information filed by his Majedy’s attorney-general, be calhiered : provided always, that no perfon fo taken, arreded, or detained, and entering as a feaman, fhall be liable 10 forfeit any fuch penalty of treble value, or one hundred pounds as aforefaid, unlefs fuch perfon fhall thereafter defert his Majefty’s fervice, or quit the fame without being duly difcharged.
     VIII.   Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, Commiffion-by reafon of any perfon fo found and taken, arreded, or detained anVexdifc™* as aforefaid, entering to ferve his Majedy, no penalty or for- may reward feiture (hall be recoverable, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be officers and lawful for the commiffioners of cudoms or excife refpedtively, others where and they are hereby required, on proof made to their fatisfadhon ^terto frrv# of fuch arred, taking, and detention as aforefaid, and of fuch Majefty. entering into his Majedy’s fervice as aforefaid, to reward the
  perfon or perfons who would, if any penalty or forfeiture had been recoverable, have been entitled to any part thereof, with fuch fum not exceeding the proportion to which fuch perfon would have been entitled, as, under all the circumdances of the cafe, fhall to fuch commiffioners refpedlively appear proper, and fuch reward may and (hall be paid by the (aid commiffioners refpedlively, out of any monies in their hands, arifing from the duties on foreign fpirits, tea, or tobacco.
     IX.     And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or perfons Penalty on (hall take or ufe any horfe, mare, or gelding, belonging to any
                                                                                                  other ng 68 0
     Co gle
 conveying Spirits, &c. without owner's con* fent.
1138 Annoregni quadragefimoquintoGEORGii III.c. 121. [1805.
            other perfon or perfons, without his, her, or their confent, for the purpofe of carrying or conveying any foreign brandy, rum, geneva, or fpirits, or any tobacco or fnufF, fubjedt to forfeiture under this a&, or any other a& or a<5ls relating to the revenue of cufloms or excife; every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof convicted before any one or more of his Majefty’s juft ices of the peace, who are hereby authorifed to hear and determine the fame, on the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefies, which oath every fuch juftice is hereby empowered to adminifter, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit a fum not exceeding fifty and not lefs than twenty pounds, to bo recovered as any like penalty may be recovered under any a<£l or a&s relating to the revenue of cufloms or excife in the United Kingdom, and one half of every fuch penalty fhall go and be applied to the ufe of the perfon or perfons informing of the fame, and the other half thereof to the ufe of the perfon or perfon* to whom fuch horfe, mare, or gelding, fhall belong: provided always, that nothing herein contained, fhall be confirued to exempt any fuch offender from any fuch punifhmeht, or any fuch a&ion as he would by law have been liable to, for taking or ufing fuch horfe, mare, or gelding, in cafe fuch penalty had not not been impofed by this a6t.
               X.    And be it further enafted, That every officer of his Majefly’s cufloms or excife fhall have the hke powers and authorities for bringing to, going and remaining on board ofj and examining and fearchingof all (hips, vefTels, and boats made liable to forfeiture under this a£l, which fhall be found in or be difcovered to have been in any part of the Britijh or Irijb channels, or elfewhye on the high feas, within one hundred leagues of any part of the coaft of the United Kingdom, or which fhall be found in or difcovered to have been within any port, harbour, creek, haven, or roadflead, or which fhall be found to be hovering or have been within any fuch diflances as aforefaid of either of the faid iflands of  , Jtrfeyy Sarkt or
                     Alderney^ as are contained in any aft or a<51s of parliament for the giving to any officers of cuiloms or excife any powers or authorities, or do any aft in relation to any fuch goods as aforefaid, or ro any fhips, vefTels, or boats within the ports, or hovering or having been hovering on the coafts of Great      ,
            or Ireland refpeftively; and all powers jmd authorities, pro-* vifions, penalties, and forfeitures, given, contained, or continued in or by any aft or afts now in force in the United Kingdom, for the protection of the revenues of cufloms or excife, and for the better prevention of fmuggling, or relating to (hips, vcflels, or boats hovering or found, or difcovered to have been within certain diftances of the coaft of Great Britain or Ireland refpec-tively, and alfo relating to any goods laden or being on board any fuch, fhips, vefTels, or boats, and the guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel thereof, fhall be and the fame is and are, fo far as the fame are applicable, and are not by this
                                                                                                              aft
 Extenfion of powers of officers of cuftoma and excife to veflels and goods liable to forfeiture under this aft.
 
 *805.] Anno rcgni quadragcfimo quintoGEORcii III. c.121. 1^39
 act varied or altered, hereby extended and directed, and declared feverally and refpe&ively to extend; and {hall, from and after the parting of this alt, be deemed and conftrued to extend and be in full force, and be applied and put in execution as to all {hips, vefTels, boats, and goods made liable to forfeiture under the provifions of this alt, in as full and ample a manner to all intents and purpofes as if the faid alt and alts, and all the claufes, powers, authorities, provifions, forfeitures, and penalties, were repeated and re-ena&ed in this alt.
   XI.      And be it further enaltcd, That if any perfon or perfons Penalties and whatfoever {hall by force or violence aflault, refift, oppofe, puDiftiment moled, obftrult, or hinder any officer of his Majefty’s army, for sffaulting, navy, or marines, or any officer in the fervufNof the cuftoms or fto0t'tog excite, or any perfon or perfons aiding or aflifting in the due officers of execution of the powers and authorities by this alt given or army, navy, granted, fuch perfon or perfons being thereof convicted by due cuftoms, or courfe of law, fhall be adjudged a felon, and (hall be tranfported excl e"
 for feven years, or fentenced to be imprifoned in any houfe of correltion or common gaol, and kept to hard labour for any term not exceeding three years, at the diferetion of the court before whom the offender (lull be tried and convilted as aforesaid ; or if any perfon or perfons (hall malicioufly (hoot at or upon any ihip, veffel, or boat, belonging to his Majefty’s navy, or in the fervice of the cuftoms or excife, in any part of the Britijb or    Irijh channels, or elfewhere on the high feas, within
 one hundred leagues of any part of the coafts of Great Britain or Ireland, or if any perfon or perfons {hall malicioufly (hoot at,
 maim, or dangeroufly wound any officer or officers of his Majefty’s army, navy, or marines, or of the cuftoms or excife, or any perfon or perfons aiding or aflifting fuch officer or officers, whether attempting to go on board or being on board, or returning from on board any (hip, veflel, or boat, or other-wife ailing in the due execution of his or their duty under any of the powers, authorities, or provifions of this all, every perfon fo offending, and every perfon aiding, abetting, or aflifting therein, (hall, being thereof lawfully convi&ed, be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.
   XII.   And be it further ena&ed, That every offence made Preferring
 felony by this all, committed within any port, harbour, creek, the mode of haven, or roadftead of either of the' faid iflands of             , fences.0 *
 ytrfey% Alderney, or Sarky may and (hall be inquired of, examined,
 tried, and determined in the faid iflands; and every offence committed elfewhere out of the United Kingdom, may be inquired of, examined, tried, and determined in any county of the United Kingdom ; and every offence committed within            ,
 or Ireland refpellively, may be inquired of, examined, tried, and determined within any county of that part of the faid United Kingdom in which fuch offence (hall have been committed, in fuch manner, and form as if the offence had been commuted in
thQ
                     1240 Anno regni quadragcfimo quinto Georgii III. c. 121. [180 s;.
              the county in which the fame lhall be inquired of, tried, and determined.
               XIII.                 And whereas the fale condemned fpirits at the out-ports of the United Kingdom, has in its confluences afforded much facility to fmugglingi and been productive of much inconvenience and -Spirits feized ment to the revenue; for remedy whereof, be it enacted. That, to be depofit- from and after the palling of this a<ft, all foreign brandy, rum, warehouse * gcneva» a°d other fpirits, vyhich (hall be feized at lea in any and ftrenRth Part    or Britijb channels, or entrances thereof, ot any
 taken, and an of the north leas to the fouthward of the Frith of , or in account kept any port, harbour, creek, haven, or roadftead of England or
                     and ftren^th. WaleS' or of the faid iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey\ Alderney or ,
                             0 ' or on land within ^enty miles of any port of England or
              by any officer of his Majefty’s army, navy, or marines, or any officer acting under the orders of the commiffioners of culloms or excife in England, lhall, after condemnation thereof, be forthwith conveyed to the port of         ; and all fuch fpirits which
              lhall be feized elfewhere, or on or off any of the coafts of Scotland or adjacent iflands, or in any port, harbour, creek,
            . haven, or roadftead of Scot, by any officer of his Majcfty's army, navy, or marines, or any officer atfling under the orders of the commiffioners of cufloms or excife in           , or on
              land in any part of Scotland, lhall, after condemnation, be forthwith conveyed to any port or place that lhall have been appointed for that purpofe by the lords-commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury of Great       , or any three of them ; and
              all fpirits which lhall be feized by any officer of his Majcfty’s army, navy, or marines, near to the coaft of     ,  or by any
              officer adling under the orders of the commiffioners of cufloms or excife in Ireland, lhall, after condemnation thereof, be forthwith conveyed to any place in Ireland that lhall have been appointed for that purpofe by the lords-commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury of Ireland, or any three of them ; and all fuch fpirits, as foon as conveniently may he after the feizure thereof, fhall be fafely lodged and fecured in fome warehoufe or ware-houfes belonging to the cufloms or excife, and within forty eight hours after being fo lodged and depofited lhall, if it lhall appear proper or neceffary, be drawn oft' and put into large and fubftantial calks; and all fuch fpirits, whether fo drawn off or put, lhall be gauged and taken account of, and the ftrength of each quantity afeertained by the proper officer or officers of excife, who is, or are hereby required to attend and gauge and take an account thereof upon receiving twelve hours’ notice in writing for that purpofe; and in cafe of feizures made by the officers of his Majefty’s army, navy or maiines, or cufloms, one or more officer or officers of the cufloms lhall take and keep an account of the quantity and ftrength of every feizure of fpirits againft the proper officer or officers of excife, and fuch account lhall be fairly entered in books prepared for that purpofe, and counterfigncd by the officers of both revenues;
 

 1805.] AnnoregnlquaifragefimoquintoGEORGii TIT.                    1241
 and in cafe of feizures made by any officer or officers of excife, an account of the quality and ftrength thereof (hall be taken by the colledor or fupervifor, and one other officer not interefted therein, and fairly entered in a book to be kept for that purpofe, and {hall alfo be counterfigned by the refpedive perfons taking fuch account.
   XIV.     And be it further enabled. That, from and after the Where paffing of this ad, all tobacco and fnuff which fhall be feized by f** *urrs of any officer or officers of his Majefty’s army, navy, or marines, or of the cuftoms or excife, and which after the feizure thereof corv'ennation fhall be lodged or depoflted in any warehouse in     ,  fhall, flinll be dt-
 after condemnation thereof, be forthwith conveyed to the port of polited. London; and all tobacco and fnuff which fhall be fo feized and        '
 lodged or deported in any warehoufe in         , fhall, after
 condemnation thereof be forthwith conveyed to any port or place that fhall have been appointed for that purpofe by the lords-commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury of Great       ,
 or any three or more of them j and all tobacco and fnuff which fhall be fo feized, and lodged, and depoflted in any warehoufe in Ireland, fhall, after condemnation thereof, be forthwith conveyed to any place in Ireland that fhall have been appointed for that purpofe by the lords-commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury in Ireland, or any three or more of them.
 • XV. And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for Treafury may the lords-commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury of         ^bicco^and
 Britain or Ireland refpedively, or any three of them, and they fnuff, to be are hereby authorifed to dired any fpirit that fhall be feized'and given to condemned as forfeited under any law or laws relating to v!?ua*'Jng" revenue of cuftoms or excife, to be again diftilled, if the fame    'or
 fhall be deemed proper and needfary, tor the purpofe of bring-ftrPye<*f an<i ing the fame to a proper ftrength, and alfo to dired fuch fpiiits to tcttle the eirher before or after fuch diftillation, as they fhall fee fit, and to
 alfo any tobacco or fnuff that fhall be fo feized and condemned o^enTof0 as aforefaid, to be delivered to the care of the commiffioners forCui(0ms, victualling his Majefty’s navy, or if in   , to any agent cm-excite, navy,
 ployed by them for the fupplying of his Majefty’s navy, or to°rarmy* caufe any fuch fpirits, tobacco, or fnuff", to be deftroyed, as fhall under all the circumftances appear to them molt conducive to the protedion of the revenue ; and it fhall be lawful for the faid lords-commiffioners refpedively, from time to time to give fuch directions for the removal of any fuch fpirits, tobacco, or fnuff, and to make fuch regulations for the afeertaining the value of fuch fpirits, tobacco, or fnuff, or to fix any average value thereof, for the purpofe of afeertaining the rewards to which the informers or perfons feizing the fame refpedively, would have been entitled if the fame had been fold and diftributed under any ad or ads, or regulation, now in force, in relation to the diftribution of any {hare of the produce of any feizure, to or among any officer of cuftoms or excife refpedively, and from time to time to dired the amount (not being in any cafe a lefe amount, as far as the mode of afeertaining the value of any fuch leizure will
                                                        allow.
Co g\c
 Powers of officers of cuftoms and cxcife extended to
1142 Anno regniquadragefimoquinto Georgii lfl. c. 121. [1805.
allow, than fuch officer would have been otherwife entitled to,) and the time and manner of paying the fame; and alb to regu-late the amount and mode of diftribution of rewards to any commiffioned, non-commiflioned officer, or private men of his Majefty's forces, or any corhmiflioned officer, petty or warrant officer or fcaman of his Majefty’s navy or marines, as fhall appear to be reafonable, and the time and mode of paying the fame.          *
   XVI. And be it further enadcd, That, from and after the paling of this ad, all powers, authorities, exemptions, and exceptions, and all privileges and protedions as to maintaining or defending any fuit or adion, and pleading therein, or any cofts cwnmiffioned thereon, in relation to any ads, matters, or things done or that navy or army6 ma^ ** ^one ^ any officer of cuftoms or excife under this ad or y y' any other ad or ads of parliament in force on and immediately before the palling of this ad, for the protedion of the revenues of cuftoms and excife, or prevention of fmuggling, and every claufe, matter, or thing, therein contained, relating to any (hips, veflels, or boats, made fubjed to forfeiture by any ad or ads now in force for the prevention of fmuggling, or by reafon of being found with any prohibited or unouftomed goods on board within certain diftances of the coafts of his Majefty’s dominions, or to any goods laden On board any fuch fhip, vcflel, or boat, or any guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, or apparel thereof, or to any mafter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command, or any other perfon on board of any fuch fhip, vcflel, or boar, (hall extend, and be deemed, conftrued, and taken to extend, and (hall apply and be in full force, and put in execution in all cafes, and for all purpofes, and be ufed and exercifed by all commiffioned officers of his Majefty’s army, navy, and marines, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid ads, and the powers, authorities, privileges, protedions, exemptions, exceptions, daubs, matters, and things relating thereto, and contained and enaded therein, were repeated and re-enaded in this ad, as to officers of his Majefty’s army, navy, and marines refpedivelv.
Ships feired XVII. Provided always, and be it further enadcd, That all by officers of (hips, veflels, boats, and goods, or other articles feized by any officer of his Majefty’s army, navy, or marines, under the pro-, yifions of this ad, (ball forthwith be delivered to or lodged in the cuftody of fome officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms or excife, who (hall thereupon take an account thereof, and give a receipt for the fame.
   XVIII.                 And be it further enaded, That all (hips, veflels, boats, mode of pro-g00ds, and articles feized under any of the proviftons of this ad, ftiauref. °F anc^ a^ Pena^'eS and forfeitures in this ad mentioned, may and fhall be managed, kept, detained, proceeded againft, fued for, profecuted, condemned, diftributed, recovered, and applied, in England,              Scotland, and Ireland refpedively, according to the laws
            now in force relating to his Majefty’s revenue of cuftoms and tfxcife in fuch refpedive parts of the United Kingdom, in fo far
 the army, navy, See. (hall be delivered to officers of cuftoms,
 Directing the
    Go gl»
                                               V.
 *
 I
 I
 t
 *
 f
 t
 *
 I*
 *
 *
 f
 *
 w
 !
 *
 *
 *
 t
 :
 1805.] Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 122. 1243
 as the fame are or can be made applicable, and are not by thi& aft altered or varied.
                     CAP. CXXII.
 jfti     afl for charging additional duties on the importation of foreign
                                         plote-glafs into Great Britain.—[July 12, 1805.J
 TX7HEREAS it is expedient that the duties on plate-glafs t VV croum-glafty and glafs called (heet-glafs, imported into Great-Britain,   Jbouldbe increafed\ may it therefore pleafe your
 Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day of Augufl one thoufand eight hundred tional duty of and five, there (hall be raifed, levied, collefted, and paid, unto is. 6 for and to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, an ad- «very foot °f ditional duty of cuftoms of two fhillings and fixpence for each and every foot fuperficial meafure of all foreign rough plate- \u for t^cty glafs, and ground or polilhed plate or crown-glafs; and one foot of Ger» milling for each and every foot fuperficial meafure of German "jan fbeet-glafs, imported or brought into            ; and fo      in p^j’0n fni.b°
 proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.                     portation. "
    II.   And be it further enabled. That fucb of the faid ad- i5Uties to be ditional duties as ftiall arife in that part of Great Britain called under the England (hall be under the management of the commiflioners of management the cuftoms in England for the time being ; and fuch thereof as com" fhall arife in that part of Great Britain called Scotland ftiall be t™j, cuftom*, under the management of the commiflioners of the cuftoms in and to be le-1 Scotland for the time being; and ftiall refpe&ively be afcer- v>«d as former rained, managed, raifed, levied, collefted, anfwercd, paid, re-covered, appropriated, and applied, in fuch and the like manner, and by the Tame means, ways, or methods, as former duties of cuftoms upon the like goods refpeftively were or might be ascertained, managed, railed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, recovered, appropriated, and applied; and the faid goods fhall be, and the fame are hereby made fubjeft and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reftriftions, feizures, and forfeitures, to which the like goods refpeftively were fdbjeft and liable by any aft or afts of parliament in force on and immediately before the faid firft day of Aug one thoufand eight hundred and five, refpefting the revenue of cuftoms; and all pains, penalties, fines, and forfeitures, of what nature or kind foever the fame may be, for any offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any aft or afts of parliament in force on and immediately before the faid firft day of Augujl one thoufand eight hundred and five, made for fecuring the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof; and the fevcral claufes, powers, provifions, and direftions contained in any fuch aft or afts fhall, and they are hereby direfted and declared to extend to, and ftiall be refpeftively ap^ied, praftifed,
                                                         and
   Go
 1244 Annoregni quadragefiinoquinto Georgii III. c. 122. [1805.
              and put in execution, for and in refpeiSt of the faid additional duties of cuftoms, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid adls, claufes, provifions, powers, direiSHons, fines, pains, penalties, or fo'-feitures, were particularly repeated and re-ena£ted in the body * of this a£h
                III.    And, whereas there is great reafon to believe that the fraudulent importation of glafs hath of late much , to the injury of the revenue and the fair trader ; for remedy thereof it is
 Gb/s im- hereby further enadled, That every package containing any ported to be plate or plates of glafs unframed, being plate glafs, crown-glafs, acertaiif'^1 or ca^c(^ Jbeet-glafs, which (hall be imported into this king-quantity, and dom, or which (hall be brought in for the purpofe of exporta-to be dif tion, (hall contain five hundred weight nett at lcaft of fuch glafs, manner he ”'i a,,c^ mea^l,l^e f,x cubical feet at lead, and be entirely filled men tinned with g'a^s» without any other cafe or package whatever contained therein, and (hall be marked or (lamped on the outfide in Reman letters, not lefs than four inches in length, with the name or names of the perfon or perfons to whom the fame is configned, and alfo with the words “ phte-glafs,” “ crown-glafs,” or ** glafs called (heet-glafs,” relpedlively, as the cafe may be, with the number and fizes contained in the faid package, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all fuch glafs fo imported or brought contrary to the directions of this a<5t: provided always, that this a£t (hall not extend to forfeit any plate or plates of glals being of the length of lixty inches or upwards, on account of the fame not being imported or brought in packages marked and deferibed as aforefaid.
                IV.     And be it further enaCted, That the mafter or Other perfon having or taking the charge or command of every Ihip or vdlel in which any fuch glafs (hall be imported, or which (hall be brought into this kingdom for the purpofe of exportation, (hall, in the report of his (hip’s cargo, exprefs every package in which fuch glafs (hall be contained, as containing plate*glafs, crown* glafs, or glafs called fheet-glafs refpe&ively and in cafe any package (hall be found on board any fuch (hip or veffel containing fuch glafs, the contents of which (hall not have been reported as glafs according to the dire&ions of this a&, fuch package, together with the glafs therein contained, (hall be forfeited.
   V.  And be it further ena£ted, That in cafe any crown-
 glafs, plate-glafs, or glafs called     , (hall be found inclofed
 tahdn^o^her" *n any cak or Pac^agc whatever containing other {roods, wares, poods to be or merchandize than fuch crown-glafs, plate-glafs, or glafs called /heet-glafs, or (hall be found amongft goods fo contained in any fuch cafe or package, all fuch crown-glafs, plate-glafs, or glafs called Jheet-glafs, (hall be forfeited, together with double the value thereof.
   VI.    And be it further enabled. That all forfeitures created and incurred by this act (hall and may be fued for, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of in fuch manner, and by fuch ways,
                                                                                                                   means,*
 Mailers of veflels importing glafs to report according to this a£t.
 Glafs found inclofed in
 foi feited.
 Forfeitures how to be recovered.
 
 1805.] Annoregniquadragefimoquinto Geo. III. c. 123,124. 1245
 means, and method, as any forfeitures incurred for any offence againft the laws of the cuftoms may now legally be fued for, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of; and the officer or officers concerned in feizures or profecutions under this a£l, (hall be entitled to and receive fuch (hare of the produce arifing from the feizures as they are now by law entitled to upon profecutions of feizures for unlawful importation.
   VII.   And be it further ena&ed. That if any action or fuit Limitation of (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perions actions, for, any thing done in purfuance ot this ad, fuch adion or fuit (hall be commenced within three calendar months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid in the county or place where the caufe of complaint did arife, and not elfewherc ; and the defendant or defendants in every fuch adion or fuit may plead the general iflue, and give this ad and the General iflue. fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants in any fuch adion or fuit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall benonfuited, or difeontinue his or their adion or fuit, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts, and have the like remedy for Treble cofts. the fame as any defendant hath in any other cafes to recover cofts by law.
                      CAP. CXXIII.
                                                   An aft for fettling and fecuring a certain annuity on John now duke of Atholl, and the heirs-gcneral of the feventh earl of Derby.—
   [July u, 1805.J
 Afts i» Geo. 1. c. a8j 5 Geo. 3. c. z6. recited. Annuity equal to one-fourth part of the revenue of cuftums arifing within the Iflc of Man to be paid out of the confolidated fund to the duke of Atholl, and the heirs-general of the feventh earl of Dtrby. Provilion in cafe of new duties, or any repeal dr alteration of prefent duties. Annuity to be paid at the exchequer without fees. The warrant for payment of the annuity not to be determinable upon the demife of his Majelty Commirtionsrs 5f the Treafury and others to execute the aft without f,es. The receipt of the duke of Atholl to be a dilcharge. For recovery of anuuity.
                   C A P. CXXIV.
   yin   aftto amend an aft, pajjed in the fourth year of his prefent
   Majejiy, intituled, An a£t tor preventing inconveniences anting in cafes of merchants, and fuch other perfons as are within the defeription of the ftatutes relating to bankrupts, being entitled to privilege of padiament, and becoming in lb! vent; and to prevent delay in the entering appearances in brought
   againji perfons having privilege of parliament.—[July 12,1805.]
  WHEREAS by an aft of parliament, pa fed in the fourth year
        of the reign of his prefent Majejly,  , An act     for 4 G. 3. c. 33.
  preventing inconveniences arifing in cafes of merchants, and ' fuch ,other perfons as are within the defeription of the ftatutes,
                                                   relating.
    Co gle
                                              1246 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 124. [i 805.
              relating to bankrupts, being entitled to privilege of parliament, and becoming infolvent, is                           and afttr the
              eleventh day of May one thonfand /even hundred and             , it
              y bouldbe lawfulfor any ftngle editor, or two or more creditors, being partners, whofe debt or debts fhould amount to one hundred founds or upwards, and for any two creditors whofe debts fhould amount to one hundred and fifty pounds or           or any  three or more creditors
              whofe debts fhould amount to two hundred pounds or               of any
              perfon or perfons deemed a merch, broker, faflor, ferivenor, *           or trader or           traders, within the of the adds of parliament
              relating to bankrupts having privilege of       ,  at any time, upon
                        affidavit or affidavits being made and filed on record in any of his Adajejly's courts at Weftminfter by fuch creditor or         , that
              fuch debt or debts is or are juflly due to him or them       ;  and
              that every fuch debtor, os he or they verily believe, is a banker, broker, faflor, feriveno or trader, within the defcription of the Jlatutes relating to bankrupts, to fue out of tht fame fummons^ or an original bill and fummons, againjl fuch banker, broker, faflor, ferivenor, or trader, and ferve him with a copy thereof', and iffuch merchant, banker, broker, fa flor, ferivenor, or trader, fhould not within two months after ferfonalfervice of fuch fummons (affidavits of the debt or debts having been duly made, and filed as aforefaid) fay, fecure, or compound for fuch debt or debts to. the fatisfaflion of fuch creditor or creditors, or enter into a bond in fuch furn, and with two fuch fufficient Jureties as any of the judges of that court out of which fuch fummons fhould iffiue fhould approve of, to pay fuchfum as fhould be recovered in fuch aflion or actions, toge~
            ' ther with fuch cofis as fhould be given in the fame, he fhould be accounted and adjudged a bankrupt from the time of the fervice of fuch fummons, and any creditor or creditors might fue out a commiffien againft any fuch perfon, and proceed thereon in like manner as againff other bankrupts: and whereas the recited                   hath by
              experience been found to be extremely falutary, but hath on fomt octafious, where bonds haze been given in purfuance thereof, been rendered nugatory by the difficulty, and fometimes impoffiibility of enforcing the entering appearances in the aflibns for the payment of the fums to be recovered, in which fuch bonds have been given : and whereas it is fitting and becoming the honour and dignity of parliament to adopt every means to give effiefl to the faid recited aft, and all and every the proviftons thereof: be it therefore enacted by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect parliament aflembled, and it is hereby enafted Proceedings by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the paffing of •gainft perfons thKs a<ff, when any fummons, or original bill and fummons,
defert" tion of                   ^ue(* out a6a*n^ any Pcr^on or perfons deemed a
theTfls re" ° merchant, banker, broker, fa£tor, ferivenor, or trader or traders, within the defcription of the a<fls relating <0 bankrupts having privilege of parliament, and fuch affidavit or affidavits of the debt or debts duly made, and filed, as in the faid recited a<ft mentioned, and fuch merchant, banker, broker, fadlor, ferivenor,
                                                                                                                           or
 lating to bankrupts having privi lege of parliament.
 
 . 1805.] Anno regniquadragefimo quinto GeoroiiIII. c. 124. 1247
 or trader, (hall enter into fuch bond as in the faid aft mentioned, to pay fuch fum as (hall be recovered in fuch aftion or actions, together with fuch colts as (hall be given in the fame, every fuch merchant, banker, broker, faflor, fcrivenor, or trader, (hall aifb within two pionths after perfonal fervice of fuch fummons, caufe an appearance or appearances to be entered to fuch action or aftions, in the proper court or courts in which the fame (hail 1 have been brought, and on default thereof he fhall be accounted and adjudged bankrupt from the time of the fervice of fuch fummons; and any creditor or creditors may fue out a com-miHion againft any fuch perfon, and proceed therein in like manner as againft other bankrupts.
    II. And be it further enafted, by the authority aforefaid, Limiting the That where any perfon or perfons (hall, before the palling oftirneof this aft, have feed out any fummons, or original bill and fum- appcai-ance*. mons, againft any fuch merchant, banker, broker, faftor, fcrivenor, or trader, and duly made and tiled fuch affidavit and affidavits as in the faid recited act mentioned, and thall have been prevented from proceeding in any fuch aftion or actions for want of an appearance or appearances having been entered thereto, if the defendant or defendants fhall not, within eight days next after the palling of this aft, caufe fuch appearance or appearances to be entered, every fuch aftion whereto no fuch appearance fhall have been entered fhall be conlidered as abfolutely difcontinued, and it lhall be lawful for the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein to commence and profecute a new aftion or aftions againft fuch merchant, banker, broker, faftor, fcri-venor, or trader, and to proceed therein in the fame manner as if fuch former aftion or aftions had never been commenced, and that it fnall not be lawful for the defendant or defendants in fo^h new aftion or aftions to plead the pendency of the former aftion or aftions, in abatement, or in any manner to avail him-felf or themfelves of the fame having been brought, and in cafe the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall obtain a verdift in fuch new aftion or aftions, the colts of the former proceedings (hall be taxed and allowed to him or them, as part of the coils of fitch new aftion or aftions.
 # III.         And     whereas the mode of proceeding by  is extremely
 dilatory and expmfwe, be it therefore further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the paffing of this aft. Appearances when any fummons, or original bill and fummons, (hall be fued may be en-out againft any perfon having privilege of parliament, and no fuch affidavit fhall be made and filed as in the faid recited aft, after a certain and herein-beforc is mentioned, if the defendant or defendants period, fhall not appear at the return of the fummons, or within eight days after fuch return, in every fuch cafe it fhall and may be lawful to and for the plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon affidavit being made and filed in the proper court of the perfonal fervice of fuch fummons, which faid affidavit fhall be filed gratis, to enter an appearance or appearances for the defendant or defendants*
                                                         and
                             -               ;                .
 Appearances may alfo be put in for defendants, having privi*1 lege of parliament, in courts of equity.
 1248 Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 124. [1805.
               and to proceed thereon as if fuch defendant or defendants had entered his or their appearance.
                 IV. And whereas in many              perfons having, privilege of
               parliament are named as defendants in fuits           in courts cf
               equity againf them, either alone or jointly with other           , for
               enforcing againjl them demands and duties cognizable in courts of equity, and in fame cafes fuch defendants, having privilege of parliament, have Jlood cut to the return of                    iffued
               againf them for enforcing appearance, and fuch procefs of fequejlra-tion hath not been found fuff dent to enforce fuch        ;  be it
               therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the paffing of this adt, in cafe any defendant having privilege of parliament (hall, upon a return of procefs of fequeftration iflued againft him for not putting in an appearance to any original or other bill of complaint inftituted againft him in a court of equity for. enforcing difeovery and relief, or difeovery alone (as the cafe may be) that then and in fuch cafe fuch court, upon producing the return of fuch fequeftration in court may, on the motion or other application of the plaintiff in fuch caufe, appoint a clerk in court to enter an appearance for fuch defendant fo having privilege of parliament, and fuch proceedings may be thereupon had in the caufe as if the party had actually appeared.
                 V.      And whereas in many cafes it is neceffary on the part of the perfons having legal rights againf perfons having privilege of parliament, to proceed by bill in equity againf fuch perfons fo having privilege of parliament, to obtain from them difeovery, on oath, of falls intended to be ufed or given in evidence in courts of law againf the perfons making Juch difeovery, and in cafes where fuch perfons having fuch privilege as aforefaid, Jhall out procefs of contempt, parties entitled to fuch difeovery againf them have not fufjicient means of compelling or obtaining the fame in all cafes; be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the palling of this adt, when any defendant having privilege of
  ing privilege parliament, fhall have appeared to any bill filed againft him, ofparliament, feeking a difeovery upon oath, or when an appearance (hall to be taken have been entered for fuch defendant according to the pro-pro conftflb; vifions aforefaid, and fuch perfons fhall refule or negledt to pm in his anfwer to fuch bill within the time for that purpofe allowed by the rules and orders of fuch court, that then it fhall and may be lawful for the plaintift' in fuch fuit to apply to the court for an order, that fuch bill fhall be taken pro againft fuch defendant, and upon fuch application fuch court of equity fhall make an order, that fuch bill fhall be taken pro confejfo, unlefs the defendant fhall, within eight days after being ferved with fuch order, fhew good caufe to the contrary.
                 VI.     And be it further enatfed, That when and fo loon as any fuch order fhall have been pronounced by any fuch court of
  conVtiro.'lhrdl equity for taking fuch bill confejfo, that then fuch bill in be read in equity fo taken pro confejfo fhall be taken and read in any court evidence.                               f                                    ©f
 Non-appearance, Sic. of
 and fuch hills in equity fo taken pro
 )
1
                                                                                                       «
                                                                                                      J
Go gle
 3805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 124. 1249
 of law or equity, as evidence of the fa£ts and matters and things therein contained, in the fame manner as if fuch facts, matters, and things had been admitted to be true by the anfwer of the defendant put into fuch bill, and fuch bill fo taken pro corfejjo (hall be received and taken in evidence of fuch and the lame fails, and on behalf of fuch and fo many perfons, as the anfwer of the defendant to the faid bill could and might have been read and received in evidence of, in cafe fuch anfwer had been put in ' by the defendant thereto, and had admitted the fame fails, matters, and circumftances, as in fuch bill (fated and fet forth.
    VII. And be it further enailed by the authority aforefaid, Proceedings That, from and after the palling of this ail, when any decree agamft per-or order (hall have been pronounced in any caufe depending in the high court of chancery, or in his Majefty’s court of ex-tion of the" chequer at             Wejiminfier, or any order (hall have been made in the ftatutes re-
 matter of bankruptcy, or in the matter of any lunacy, againft relating to any perfon being a merchant, banker, broker, faflor, ferivenor, HifobeTne\he or trader, within the defeription of the ftatutes relating to order of the bankrupts having privilege of parliament, thereby ordering fuch court of perfon to pay any fum or fums of money to any perfon or Chancery,&c. perfons, or into the Bank, in the name of the accountant-gene- ^*PaYmoney, ral of the faid court of chancery, in truft, in any caufe depending in that court, or in the matter of fuch bankruptcy or lunacy, or to the deputy remembrancer of the court of exchequer, in truft, in any caufe depending in that court (as the cafe may be), and the perfon fo ordered to pay fuch fum of money, fo being a merchant, banker, broker, failor, ferivenor, or trader, within the defeription of the ftatutes relating to bankrupts, and having privilege of parliament, (hall difobey fuch order, the fame having been duly ferved, then it (hall be lawful for any party or perfon entitled to receive fuch fum of money under and by virtue of fuch .order or decree, or intcrefted -in enforcing the payment thereof, purfuant to fuch order or decree, in the name of the faid accountant-general or deputy-remembrancer (as the cafe may be) to apply to the court by which fuch decree or order (hall have been pronounced; or in the matter of fuch bankruptcy or lunacy (as the cafe may be) to fix a peremptory day for the payment of fuch money, purfuant to the terms of fuch order or decree, and fuch day (hall be accordingly appointed and fixed for that purpofe by an order made in fuch caufe, or in the matter of fuch lunacy or bankruptcy (as the cafe may be); and if fuch merchant, banker, broker, factor, ferivenor, or trader, within the defeription of the ftatutes relating to bankrupts having privilege of parliament, being perfcnally ferved with fuch order at the leaft eight days before the day therein appointed for payment of fuch money, (hall negle& or omit to pay the fame according to the tenor of fuch order, then fuch perfon (hall be deemed a bankrupt from the time of the fervlce of fuch lad-mentioned order; and any creditor or creditors may fue out a commiftion againft fuch Voi.. XLV.                      4L                          perfon.
     Co gle
  J25° Anno rcgniquadragcfimoquintoGEO. III. c. 125,126. [1805.                {
             perfon, and proceed thereon in like manner as againft other | bankrupts; ,
  Perfons en- VIII. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enabled. That nothing 1 lrivilepc of ’n this adl contained (hail extend or be conftrued to extend to <
  v iiliament fubicdl any perfon whatfoever, entitled to privilege of parliament,
  ftill to retain to be arrefted, reftrained or imprifoned during the term of fuch privilege; but that every fuch perfon {hall continue to be exempt therefrom in like manner as if this adt had not been made.
                                 CAP. CXXV.
             An aft to provide that the proceedings now depending in'the Houfe of Commons, upon articles of charge of high crimes and mifdemeanor9 which have been exhibited againtt Henry lord vifeount Melville, fhall not be difeoatinutd by any prorogation or diflolution of Parliament.— ] [July n, 1805.]                                            j
                                'CAP. CXXVI.                                      I
                  An aH to indemnify perfons who Jhall give evidence Henry j lord vifeount Melville, upon the impeachment voted againjl him by j the commons of the United Kingdom 0/"Great Britain and Ireland | in parliament ajfembled, in refpefl of done by fuch perfons in any
                        cfficeor employment held by them under the faidlord vifeount Melville, during the time he held and enjoyed the office of treafurer of hit 1 Majejly's navy.—[July 12, 1805.].
               WHEREAS the commons of the united kingdom of Great . Britain and Ireland in parliament               have  voted and J
            ' refolved, That Henry lord vifeount Melville be impeached of high    *
               crimes and mifdemeanors, and in purfuance of fuch vote and refolution t have accordingly, at the bar of the lords fpiriiual and  ,       im-
               peached and exhibited articles of impeachment of high crimes and mtf~ demeanors againjl the faid Henry lord vifeount Melville : and whereas in the profecution of fuch impeachment, it may be neceffary to examine 1 as witneffes perfons who held offices or employments in the Navy - .
               office, under the faid Henry lord vifeount Melville, during the time I or refpeblive times he held the office of treafurer of bis Majejly's , .* inrefptft of afis done, and in rtfpeft of the ufe and application of the publick money, during the time they refpeflively held fuch offices or I employments, and in cafe the difclofure by fuch perfons of fuch , ^ or of fuch ufe or application of the publick money, Jhould tend to ■.
               fuch perfons to criminal projections, and fuch perfons might therefore by law refufe to difclofe the fame: and whereas it is expedient, for -jecuring and promoting the ends of jujlice, to indemnify, as they are herein-after indemnified, fuch perfons againjl any criminal projections upon their truly and faithfully making fuch difeovery and difclofure as . is herein-after mentioned: be it therefore enafted by the King’s-*-mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent | Perfons who parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That ,
   have held of- for the mpre effe&ually profecuting the faid impeachment, all #cc* in the                                                                 an(j
                                                                                                                                                    *
Go g\c
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quintoGEORGii III. c. 126. 1251
 and every perfon and perfons who has or have held any office or Navy Pay-employment, offices or employments, in the Navy Pay-office under ^itne'f1' the laid Henry lord vifcount Melville, during the time or refpec- fcs j* the im-tive times he held and enjoyed the office of treafurer of his peachment Majefty’s navy, and who (hall be examined as a witnefs or againft lord witnefles by or before either houle of parliament, or any com-    *n*
 mittee of either houfe, in refped of any ad or ads, tranfadion fr^penaltier or tranfadions, or any ufe or application of any publick money and profecu-touching or concerning which ads, tranfadions, ufe, or appli-tions on ac-' cation, the faid Henry lord vifcount Melville hath been impeached (^fadion*6 as aforefaid, and in which ads, tranfadions, ufe, or application of whicl^they refpedively, fuch perfon or perfons (hall have been in any manner give evidence, concerned during, rite time or times he or they refpedively held fuch office or employment, offices or employments, and who filall, upon fuch examination, make a true and faithful difeovery and difclofure to the bed of his or their knowledge, touching all fuch ads, tranfadions, matters, and things as aforefaid, refpeding which he or they (hall be fo examined, (hall be and he and they is and are hereby freed, indemnified, and dilcharged, of, from, and againft all forfeitures, penalties, punifhmcnts, difabilities, and incapacities, and all criminal profccutions which he or they may be or become liable or fubjed to, or which he or they may have incurred or may incur at the fuit of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, or any other perfon or perfons, for or by reafon or means of or in relation to any fuch ad, tranfadion, matter or thing, ufe or application of publick money as aforefaid, refpeding or concerning which fuch perfon or perfons /hall he fo examined as aforefaid, and (hall make fuch true and faithful difeovery as aforefaid, and all and every perfon and perfons who (hail be fo examined, and make fuch difeovery as aforefaid, and who have, hold, or enjoy any office or offices whatfoever,. (hall be and he and they is. and are hereby enabled and made capable, to hold, occupy, and enjoy his or their office or offices, notwith-ftanding any forfeiture, penalty, or incapacity whatfoever, which luch perfon or petfons lhall or may be or become liable to in refped of what he or they (hall difeover of difdofe as aforefaid j any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwiih-ftanding.
   II. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That this ad Perfons giving or any thing herein contained, /hall not extend or be deemed or falfe* or re-conllrued to extend, to give any benefit or advantage to, or to in- evld^jce not"* demnify, free, or difeharge any perfon or perfons from or againft tf> ^ indem-any forfeitures, penalties, puniftiments, difabilities, or incapacities, nified. or any profecutions, who, being examined as aforefaid, /hall give any falfe evidence, or make any falfe difeovery, or fupprefs or refufe fully and truly to difciole any ad, matter, tranfadion, or thing within his, her, or their knowledge, touching or concerning which fuch perfon or perfons (hall be fo examined as aforefaid ; anv thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywifenotwithftanuing.
           i,i m -       4  L 2
    
CAP. CXXVII.
 125^ Anno rcgniquadragcfimoquintoGEo.III. c. 127» 128. [1805.
                                                  CAP. CXXVII.
                            An a£t to veil the Townleian collection of ancient fculpture in the truftees oftheBritiih Muicum, for the ufeof the publick.—[July i», 1805.}
              Adts »6 Geo. ». c. *a. 18 Geo. a. c. 3. recited. Will of Charles Townley, elquire, recited. Treafury to ilTue 10,000/. to the trultecs of the Britith Mufeum for the purchafc of the collection of ancient marbles and terra* cottas, and the bronze llatues of Apollo and Hercules, of the late Charles Townley, efquire. Edward Townley Standilh, efquire, to be added to the tru(tee6 of the Britilh Mufeum.
                                                CAP. CXXVIII.
                    An all for allowing, under certain , until the firjl day of Auguft, one thoufand eight hundred and the bringing a limited quantity of coals, culm, or cinders to London and Weftminfter, by inland navigation.—[July 12, 1805.]
              WHEREAS the bringing of coals, or cinders burnt from cod or culmby inland navigation, nearer to London, than certain places fpecifed in various alts of parliament authoriftng the making of certain navigable canals communicating with the Thames, and the cities of London and Weftminfter, is by the            or
              other laws now in force, prohibited: and whereas it may be beneficial to permit, under certain rejlrila limited quantity of coals to be
              brought by the Grand Junction and Paddington        towards the
              fupply necejfary for the cities London and Weftminfter, and places adjacent, upon payment of the like duties as are now due and payable on coals,according to the weight thereof, brought coajhvife into the port . of London : may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enadfed ; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and . temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled. Com million- and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall be lawful for the ersof cultom6 comraitfioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in      , and they are '
  itone'or* oft hereby rctluired> as foon after tile firft day of one thoufand^,'
J
 at the place herein fpeci Bed.
             eight hundred and five, as the fame can be done, to eredt and maintain, or caule to be eredfed and maintained, a ftone or poft 1 on or near to the towing-path of the Grand Junllion canal, at or * near the north eaft point of Grove , as contiguous to the wharf, nowin the pofleftionand occupation of the earl of        ,
             ,(and on the fouth fide thereof) as the fame can conveniently be 4 placed, and as may appear to the faid commiftioners to be eligible. Notmorethan II. And be it further enadled, That no greater quantity of 50,000 tons anyfuch coal, culm, and cinders, than fifty thoufand ions in the of coals to be wh0je (ban be brought by means of the faid canals nearer to j laid'place. London than the faid ftone or poft, within one year from the firft j day of Augufl, one thoufand eight hundred and five.                            ,
Officertokeep III. And to the intent that all perfons may from time to time be an account prized of the quantity of coals, culm, or cinders, which Jhall have been brought by meant of the faid canals, nearer to London than the faid j /loneor poft, be it further enadted, That the officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons, to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, (hall keep and enter in a book or books to be provided
                                                                                                                       for j
         of coals 16 .brought.*
 
I
 I
 B.
i
 i
 t
 k
 i
 r
 ft .
 B
 :
 *
 1805.J Annoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 128. 1253
 for that purpofe, a juft and true account of the quantity of coals fo brought as aforefaid, and {hall daily affix in fome confpicuous place, at or near the laid ftoneor poft, in legible chara&ers, a true flatement of the total quantity of coals, culm, and cinders, which {hall have been fo brought, between the faid firft day of Avguft and the day on which fuch ftatement (hall be fo affixed : and when and fo foon as the whole quantity of fifty thoufand tons of coals, culm, or cinders Ihall have been brought nearer to London than the faid ftone or poft, the commiffioners of the cuftoms {hall, and they are hereby required, to caufe notice to be pub-lifhed thereof in the London Gazette, and in fome or one of the provincial papers of the feveral counties through which the faid canal pafles; and after fuch notice {hall have been given as aforefaid, no boat, veflel, or barge, laden with or having on board any coals, culm, or cinders, {Trail pafs the faid ftone or poft} and if any boat, veflel, or barge laden with or having on board any coals, culm, or cinders, mall, after fuch notice, pafs the faid itone or poft, then and in fuch cafe all fuch coals, culm, or cinders, (ball be forfeited, and may and (hall be feized by any officer of the cuftoms who is hereby authorifed and empowered to detain fuch boat, barge, or veflel for that purpofe.
   IV. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall not be lawful for Coals not to any officer of cuftoms to permit any fuch coals, culm, or cinders, Pa/8 un,cfs to pafs the faid ftone or poft, towards the fupplying of London or Wejiminjier, or the places adjacent, under this a<ft, in ahy boar, quantity, barge, or veflel, in which any other goods, wares, or mdrchan- which are to dize Ihall be laden, nor until the mafter or perfon having charge he regiftered, of the boat, barge, or veflel in which fuch coals, culm, or cinders, (hall be laden, (hall produce and deliver to fuch officer as may be ftationed at or near to the faid ftone or poft by order of the faid commiffioners of cuftoms, (who is hereby authorifed and required to receive or demand the fame), a certificate expreffing the real quantity of coals, culm, or cinders, in fuch boat, barge, or veflel; which certificate every perfon felling or {hipping aqy coals, culm, or cinders, towards the fupply of London and IVeJlminJUr,or the places adjacent, is hereby required to give fo fitch mafter or other perfon having the charge of fuch boat, barge, or veflel, who is hereby required to deliver'the fame to • the faid officer of cuftoms, who fhaill fign and enter and regifter the fame in a book to be kept by him for that purpofe; and the faid entry and regifter'of the certificate {hall be accepted and admitted as and taken to be full and complete evidence in all cafes in which the original certificate is not produced ; and in cafe there fhall be in fuch boat, barge, or veflel, any greater quantity of coals than (hall be exprefled in fuch certificate, or any other goods, wares, or merchandize laden on board, then ana in fuch cafe the coals, culm, or cinders on board of fuch boat, barge, or veflel {hall be forfeited, and may and (hall be feized by any officer of the cuftoms, who is hereby authorized and empowered to detain fuch boat, barge, or veflel for that purpofe.
                                            • •       'V.  And
Co gle
 1254 Annoregni quadragefimoquinto Georgii TIL c.128. [1805. '       ^
 Penalty on giving falfe certificate.
 Penalty on lading coals within, a certain place.
 Duties on fucti inland eoals.
    V.     And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or perfons fending any fuch coals, culm, or cinders, for fale, towards the fupply of the cities of London or IVtJbninJIerand places adjacent, (hall knowingly give any falfe certificate or certificates of the quantity or quantities of coals on board of any barge or veflel, every fuch perfon fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.
    VI.  And be it further enabled, That no fuch coals, culm, or
  cinders, fhall upon any pretence whatever, be laden on board any boat, barge, or veficl, upon any part of the faid canal between the faid done or port and the termination of the faid canal at          Paddington, or on any part of the faid canal between the
  faid done or port and the jun&ion of the faid canal with the river Thames-, and if any fuch coals, culm, or cinders,’ fhall be fo laden on board any fuch boat, barge, or veflel, contrary to the directions of this a£t, the perfon or perfons by whom or on whofe account the fame fhall be fo laden, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds for every ton weight of fuch coals, culm, or cinders, and fo in proportion for any Iefs quantity; and fuch coals, .culm, or cinders, fhall be forfeited, 'land may and fhall be feized by any officer of the cuftoms, who is hereby authorized and empowered to detain fuch boat, barge, or veflel for that purpofe.
    VII.  And be it further ena&ed, That there fhall be raifed,
  levied, and collected, on all coals, culm, or cinders brought along the Grand                             'Junflion or Paddin canals, nearer to London
  than the faid (tone or port, the leveral and rcfpeCtive rates and duties of cuftoms following ; (that is (o fay), the fum of feven (hillings and fixpcnce, for and upon each and every ton of coals, culm, or cinders fo brought; and an additional duty of twelve pounds ten (hillings on every one hundred pounds of fuch fir ft amount of duty ; and alfo a further additional duty of twelve pounds ten (hillings on every one hundred pounds of luch firit amount of duty; and alfo a further’ additional duty*of two4 pounds ten (hillings on fuch fii ft amount of duty as alorefaid; amounting in the whole to the fum of nine (billings and fixpence three farthings for and upon every ton of fuch coals, culm, or cinders; and there (hall be railed, levied, and collected for every ton of fuch coals, .culm, or cinders, a1 further duty of one (hilling and three-pence; which lafl-mCntioi'icd duly fhall, at the end of every quarter, be paid to any perfon or perfons to be appointed by the lord-mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London to receive the fame, or if no fuch perfon (hall be appointed, into the chamber of the city of London, as and tor and in lieu of the duty called Orphans' , and all other rates, dues, and duties which are payable to the corporation of       ,.
  upon coals, culm, or cinders imported into the port of        ;
  and all fuch fevera) and refpeciive duties (hall be dcmandable and demanded, and fhall be payable and paid to the proper officer to be appointed by the commiflioners of the cuftoms in
                                                                                                                 England
 Errand t< and wei to be afi rufloms coaimiffii or (Mere by any a brought in
   vrn. /
 duties by tie comm and it ftn hereby au levy, colie be lawful building 0 the accorr or otherw coals, cul my coals is to them the carryit and colled IX. Ar
 panted b managed, allowed, ad) in (uc or methoi fpecial me of cuftom culm, wc collected, culm, and payment cinders bi aid canal or contra ads of pn made fubj rules, reg refpedtivel culm, wei in force 0 one thou cuftoms, : except wl all pains, kind the ofence w ads of pa
 I
Go gle
 iS.05*] Anno regniquadragefimoquinto GeorgiiIII.c.128. 125$
 England to receive the fame, according to the full quantity and weight of coals, fuch weight and quantity as aforefaid to be afcertained in fuch manner as the faid commiffioners of cuftoms (hall direct, in cafe it (hall appear nccc/Tary to the faid commiffioners to direft the afcertaining the fame in any other or different manner than is now ufed or authoriftd or required by any aft or afts in relation to any cojIs carried coaftwife or brought into the port of London.
   VIII.    And be it further enafted, That the feveral rates and Duties to' duties by this aft granted, (hall be under the management of under m»-
 the commiffioners of cuftoms in England for the time being ;
   , . /lit* 1 r \ r                 6 .                    ^ comn»»mon-
 and it mall be lawful for the laid commiliioners, and they are era of cuf-
 hereby authorifed to appoint proper officers to afeertain, raife, torn*, who
 levy, colleft, and account for the faid duties ; and it (hall alfo may
 be lawful for the faid commiffioners of cuftoms to caufc any Herrs tociuife
 building or buildings to be erefled, which may be necedary forpr0pcr houlc*
 the accommodation of the faid officers, and for the weighing to be erefled,
 or otherwife afcertaining the quantities and weights of any fuch &c* *
 coals, culm, or cinders, and for the fafe keeping: and cuftody of
 any coals that may be feized under or by any cfticer of cuftoms,
 as to them or any four or more of them, may feem neceffary for
 the carrying this aft into execution, and afcertaining and levying
 and collefting the faid duties.
   IX.      And be it further enafted. That the duties of cuftoms Duties wr, granted by this aft may and {hall refpeftivcly be afcertained, managed, raifed, levied, collefted, anfwei cd, paid, recovered, and j^Vred allowed, (except where any alteration is exprefsly made bv this as former aft) in iuch and the like manner, and by the fame means, ways, dutiesj un. or methods, as former duties of cuftoms, and alfo by any fuch
 fpecial means, ways, or methods refpeftively as former duties a‘ttrt of cuftoms on coals or culm, or cinders burnt from coals or culm, were or might be afcertained, managed, railed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, recovered, and allowed ; and ?ll coals, culm, and cinders burnt from coals or culm, made fubjeft to payment of duties under this aft, and all coals, culm, and cinders burnt from coal or culm, which may be brought by the faid canals nearer to London than the place by this aft fpecified, or contrary to the proviftons of this aft, or of anv other act or afts of parliament, (hall be, and the fame are refpeftively hereby made fubjeft and liable to all and every the fpecial conditions, rules, regulations, reftriftions, feizures,' Tales, and forfeitures refpeftively to which coals, culm, or cinders burnt from coals or culm, were fubjeft and liable by any aft or afts of parhament in force on and immediately before tire faid firlt day of rfugufiy one thoufand eight hundred and five, refpccting the revenue of cuftoms, as far as the lame are or can be made applicable, and except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this aft; and all pains, penalties, fines, and forfeitures, of whatever nature «>r kind tire fame may be, as well pains of death as others, lor airy offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any aft or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before tire faid fi'ft
                                                            day
        Co £>Ie                      -                           \ ^UBuC i
il$b Aiinoregni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 128. [1805.
             day of Auguft) one thoufand eight hundred and five, made for fecuring the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the feveral claufes, powers, provifions, and dire&ions contained in any fuch adt or ads, (hall (unlefs where exprefsly altered by this ad) and are hereby direded and declared to extend to and (hall be refpedively applied, pradifed, and put in execution for and in refped of the feveral duties of cuftoms hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if all and every the faid ads, claufcs, provifions, powers, diredions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this ad, and made part thereof.
               X. And be it further enaded. That every ad of parliament in force on and immediately before the faid firft day of     ,
             one thoufand eight hundred and five, by which any rules, regulations, conditions, or reftridions were made, eftablifhed, or direded, for the afcertaining the weight or quantity, or the
 Provifions of ads in force relating to the revenue of cuftoms, (ball extend to this ad;
 altered.
              or cinders from coals or culm, or for the better fecuring the revenue of cuftoms (except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this ad) and all provifions, claufes, matters, and things relating thereto, fhall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full force and effed, and (hall be applied to the fubjed of this ad, and for carrying the fame into execution, as fully and ef-fedually as if they had been repeated and re-enaded in this ad. XI. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for of London to the lord-mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London appoint offi- in common council afi'embled, and they are hereby empowered velfclTudcn           dme lo  time, as  occafion (hall  require,  to  appoint   any
 Corporation
 with coals.
 Penalty on obflrufting fuch officers.
 officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons, who (hall have full power, and they and each of them are hereby guthorifed (either in company with the officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or without) to enter into any boar, barge, or other yeftel, laden with coals, culm, or cinders, paffing or about to pafs nearer to London than the faid boundary ftone or port, fo to be affixed as aforefaid; and that every officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons fo to be appointed by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons as aforefaid, (hall and lawfully nay have and exercife all and every or any the powers, and the feveral ways and means of afcertaining the weights and quantities of all fuch coals, culm, and cinders, as any officer or officers of his Majcfty’s cuftoms have or lawfully may exercife or perform under or by virtue of this a<51, as to an>’ coals, culm, or cinders paffing or about to pafs nearer to London than the faid boundary ftone or port fo to be affixed as aforefaid.
    XII. And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall affiiult, oppofe, molcft, hinder, or obftrudt, any fuch officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons to be appointed by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons as aforefaid, in the due execution of any of the powers or authorities given or granted to fuch officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons as
                                                                                                                          aforefaid
                                                                                                                             )
             amount of any duties on any weight or quantity of coals, culm, unlefs hereby _ .   .    ,/____________________° r_                         -.1
Go gle
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georoii III. c. 129. 1257
 aforefaid by this a£I, every perfon or perfons fo offending, (hall be deemed guilty of a mifdemeanor, and (hall be fubjeA and liable to the like punifhment, pains, and penalties, as by law may be infli&ed in cafes of mifdemeanor by the court before whom fuch offender or offenders (hall be convitfted.
   XIII.     And be it further enabled. That if any a<5lion or fuit Limitation of (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons a&ions.
 for any thing done in purfuance of this a&, fuch a&ion or fuit
 {hall be commenced within three calendar months next after the
 fa& committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid in the
 county or place where the caufe of complaint did arife, and not
 elfewhere*, and the defendant or defendants in every fuch action
 or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give this aft and the General ifTue.
 fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and
 if the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants in any fuch
 adtion or fuit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited,
 or difeontinue his, her, or their adlion or fuit, after the defendant
 or defendants (hall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement
 {hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or
 defendants {hall have treble cofts, and have the like remedy for Treble Colts.
 the fame as any defendant hath in any other cafes to recover
 cofts by law.
   XIV.    And be it further enabled, That this adt (hall continue Continuance
 in force, for one year, from the firft day of     , one thoufand of a“‘
 eight hundred and five, and no longer.
                       CAP. CXXIX.
 An adt for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the confolidated fund of Great Britain; and for applying ceitain monies therein-mentioned for the fervice of Great Britain for the year one thoufand eight hundred and five; and for further appropriating, the fupplies granted in this fellion of parliament.—[July 12, 1805.]
 +,000,000/. out of the confolidated fund may be iflued towards the fupply for Great Britain for 1805 5 and 1,192,115/. 19/. 11 rq. iurplus of grants for 1804. 14,500,000/. from duties under 43 Geo. 5. c. 70 81.
 and 12a. and 44 Geo. 3. c. 49 and 53, and 45 Geo. 3. c, 15. Moi.Ses rallied by malt-adt, 45 Geo. 3 c. 1 j hy duty on pen lions, 45 Geo. 3. c. a. not exceeding 2,000,000/ ; by loan of 22,500,000/. 45 Geo. 3. c. 12. after remitting to Ireland *,500.000/.; by lottery-adt, aftir paying one.third of the profits for the fervice of Ireland ; 1,192,115/. 19 1 id. rq furplus of grants for 1804; 14,500,000/ from certain duties granted during the war; 8,000,000 /.by exchequer-bills, 45 Geo. j. c. 118; 2,500,00c/. by exchequer-bills, 45 Geo. 3. 0.119; 1*500,000/. by  exchequer-bills
 45 Geo. 3. c. 120; and 4,000.000/ out of the confolidated fund (hall be applied as hereafter exprefled. Monies coming into the exchequer of IreUnd by 45 Geo. 3. c. 12. 40 and 74. ihall be carried to the confolidated fund of Ireland, and applied as hereafter exprelled. 15,035,630A. 6r. 9 fV>r naval iervices, viz. 2^86,000/. for wages of *10,000 men, including 30,000 marines, for 13 lunar #nonths; 2,964,000/. for their vitfualling; 4,680,00®/. for wear and tear of (hips; 390,000/. for ordnance for fea-fervice;
  1,004,940/. 6j. 9             d.for ordinary of the navy for 1805; 1,553*690 /.f>r
  building and repairing lhips of war for 1805 ; 975,000/. for hire or tranfports; 5*5,000/. far prifoners of war in health; 57,000/. for Tick pri(oners of war; and 3,500,000/. for fuch meat'ures as the exigency of
                                                            attain
     Co gie
                                      *      ~ -   •
1258 Anno regni quadragefimoquinto Georg it III. c. 129. [1805.
              affairs may require. 18,581,117/- 9/. 4d. 1 q, for land-fervices, viz. 41635,188/. 17J. 7d. for 135,111 effective men in Great Britain and Ireland ; 1,4.14,910/. Hi. 7d. for forces in the plantations, Sec.; 15,410/. 18/. 4*/. for parties in Great Britain recruiting for regiments in Eaft-India ; 175,866/. 7j. 8*/. for recruiting and contingencies of land-forces; 188,858/. 3/. 2d. for general, ftaff, and nofpital officers in Great Britain and Ireland ; 21176,316/. ioj. 7*/. for the militia and fencible infantry in Great Britain and Ireland; 65,691/. 6/. 2d. for contingencies for ditto; 198,793/. for cloathing of the militia in Great Britain; 34,469/. 6/. 8d. for fuper-numerary officers ; 191,838/. 8/. 10d. for publick departments in Great Britain, and for exchequer-fees; 476,699/. 5/. for increafed rates for quartering foldiers, lodging money in Scotland, allowance for froall beer, and allowance on a march in Ireland; 175,613/.     nd. for half-pay to
              reduced officers of the land-forces and marines; 5,665/. 8/. 6d. for allowances to reduced officers; 50,000/. for reduced officers of Britifh American forces; 1,000 for officers late in the fervice of the States General; 149,397/-11/. Ad for Chelfeaand Kilmainhara hofpitals; 19,157/. 19 s. $d. for officers' widows m Great Britain and Ireland; 851,350/. 6/ 4d. *for foreign corps in the fervice of Great Britain and Ireland ; 10,511/. f t/. xod. foT holpital expences in Ireland, and the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin; 1,641,460/. 11/. %d. for the barrack department in Great Britain and Ireland ; 1,600,00c/. for volunteer corps in Great Britain and Ireland; 1,001/. 1 /. 6d. 1 q. for military allowances in Ireland, formerly paid out of the military contingencies; 660,803/. 15/. 3d. for extraordinary expences of the army for 1804 ; 3,000,000/. for ditto in Great Britain for 1805; 600,000/. for ditto in Ireland for 1805. 3,163,416/. i/.
              6d. for ordnance for land-fervicc in Great Britain for 1805; 190,344/ ir. 4d. for ditto in 1803; 503,114/. 8/. 10d. for ditto 1804 ; 119,13c/. 15/. 5d. for that fum advanced by the Irifh exchequer for ordnance Cervices for 1804 i 470,769/. 4/. 7d. for ordnance in Ireland for 1805. 1,500*000/. for difeharging exchequer-bills made out under 44 Geo. 3.0.81. 8,000 00c/. for
              difeharging ditto made out under 44 Geo. 3. c. 45. 1,500,00c/. for difeharging ditto made out under 44 Geo. y c. 46.     800,000/. Irifh, for
              difeharging treafury-bills due in Ireland in 1805. 8,791/. 4-t 4d. iflued purfuant to addreffes of the Houfe of Commons. 5,611/. i6j 10d. for dkto. 8,379/. 6/. 3^. iq. for the civil eftablifhment of Upper Canada. 7,165/. for the civil eftablifhment of Nova Scotia. 4*650/. for the civil eftablifhment of New Brunfwick in America. 3,10c/ for the civil eftabliflnnent of the ifland of Saint John in America. 1,040/. for the civil eftablilhment of Cape Breton. 1,136/. \u. iod. for the civil eftablifhment of the ifland of Newfoundland in America, 4,458/. nr. 7d. for the civil eftablifhment of the Bahama Iflands in America. 580/. for the civil eftablifhment of the Bermudas or Somers' Iflands. 600/. for the civil eftablifhment of the iiland of Dominica. 9,115/. is/. 6d. for the civil eftablifhment of New South Wales. 14,000/. for the civil eftablifhment at Sierra Leouc. 18,000/. for forts, &c. in Africa. 13,458/. 6/. id. for the Royal Military Afylum at Chclfca. 13,315/. 6/. 4d. for the Royal Military College. 414,000/. for payment of fums awarded under the feventh article of the treaty with America. 135,711/. 11/. for the French, Toulcnefc* Dutch, and Corfican emigrants, and American loyalitts. 53,719/. J/. 11 J. for convicts at home. 10,000/. for law charges. 11,000/ for the publick-office in Bow-ftreet. 19,000/. for printing and ftationaiy fer the two Houfes of Parliament. 10 476/. 1 /. for diffenting minifters and French refugees. 1,828/. 5/. 4d. tor the minifters of "the Vaudois churches. 10.000/. for bills drawn from New South Wales 175,00c/. for fee ret ~fervices. 7,610/. for'fuperintendance of aliens. 1,000/. for extraordinary expences relating to the coin. 3,000 for 1 he Britifh Mufeum. 8,00c/. more for the Britifh Mufeum. 11,380/. for contingencies of the three fecretaries of ftate. 15,00c/. for the meflengers oi fhe three fecretaries of ftate. 1,839/. 4/. $d for the ulher of the court Of Exchequer. 9 68 c/. 17/ for a houfe for the judge advocate-general. n,6oe/. to fheritfs for conviction of felons, &c. 8,090/. 161. 3d. for additional allowances to clerks in the auditor's office to January 6, 1805. 16c/. for expences of
  Go
 1805.] Anno regni quadragefimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129. 1259
 the malt and barley committees of the Houfe of Lords. 1,060/. ioj. for contingencies in executing the art for inqu iring Into naval abufes, 500/. for digefting and abltrarting poor returns. 2,698/. 6s 6d. for Lord Walfwghaari, as chairman of the committees of the Houfe of Lords.
 219/. 6s. for John Clementfon, efquire, in lieu of apartments. 649/. 2s. for the Thames police-office. 559/. 19s. 6d. for making an index to the journals of the Houfe ot Lords. % 1,428/. 3/. for continuing Jhe journals of the Houfe of Lords to July 1, 1801.     7a/. i6j. 6d. 1 q. for ftationary
 tor New South Wales. 233/. in. for mathematical inftruments for •
 New South Wales. 416/. u. s\d. for expences at the parliament office.
 4*905/. 4s 2d. 39. for arrears of the civil eftablifiiment of New Brnnfwick.     1
 8,731/. i8j. 6*/. for money remitted to Ireland for the Prefbytcrian x Minifters of the Synods ol Ulfhr and Mtrnfter in Ireland. 547/. 7/. 6d. for attendance of Dr. T. B Clarke relative to an aft for enforcing the refidence of the clergy. 116/. 10/. to the representatives of Dr. D.P,
 Layard for fervices relative to the difterrper among the horned cattle.
 2,693/. for bills drawn from New South Wales. 305/. 17a. 4//. dc-                 \
 ficiency of grant for the publick-office in Bow-ftrect for 1804. 1,060/ 16s.
 for a plan fora horfe-patrol round the metropolis. 435/. for publithing weekly returns of the average price of brown fugar to October 1, 1804.
 213/. 8/. 7d. deficiency of grant of laft feffion tor the difburfements of T. Colinan, efquire, ferjeant at arms attending the Houfe of Commons.
 172/. 131. for a framed room for New South Wales. 1,059/. 2J- f°r Britifh fubjerts detained in France. 3,049,488/. 15/. $d. 1 q. to complete 5,000,000/. out of the confolidated fund for 1804.   10,458/. ij. 6d. 37.
 deficiency of grant for arrears of civil lift, July 5, 1804.  3,708/. de-
 ficiency of grant for printing and ftationaiy for Parliament in 1804.
 8,301/. iu. 3</. for printing papers relperting the Mahratta war and poor returns. 305/. deficiency of vote for officers of the Houles ot Lords and Commons in 1804.      5,210/.    for the officers of the Houfes of Lords
 and Commons for* 1805.    753/.    18/. for completing the printing of fifty-
 feventh volume of the journals of the Houle of Commons. 20,000/. for printing journals of the Houfe of Commons, votes, bills, &c. during the prelent leffion. 10,000/. for reprinting journals, indexes, and reports of the Houfe of Commons. 3,391/. 4J. tor purchafe of ground and buildings in Saint Margaret's-ftreet and Palace-yard. 25,00c/ to be advanced to the proprietors of the Crinafi Canal. 1,500/. for the Veterinary College.
 3,000/. for the Board of Agriculture. 4,417/. 12/. 10J. for purchafe of
 ground and buildings for ertrtin£ a Court-houfe for Weftminltcr.                     s  #
 20,000/. for purchafing the collection of fculptured marbles, &c. of the
 late Charles Townley, elquiie. 4,000/. for cleanfing the harbour of
 Catwater and Sutton Pool near Plymouth. 2,000/. for rtbuilding
 Met hill Pier in county of Fife. 5,000/ for making dilcoverits in Africa.
 1,000/. to the Eaft-lmha Company for expences incurred. 20,000/ for a Naval £fylum. 10,589/. ioj. 5*/. for works for the two Iloults of Parliament at the fpeaker’s. 1,851/. 31. ioJ. for repairs at the King’s-Bencli prifon. 1,421/. iu. 11/. 39. for works ;it theMarlhalfca priion. 6,ooo/. ror the bridge over the river Spey at Fochabers in North Britain. 3,000/. for fees on palling publick accounts. 135/. 6j. for models of arches of bridges for a committee of the Houfe of Commons. 1,271/. is. for contingencies in executing the art for inquiring into naval abul.s. 324/.
 161. for a plan for the more perfect fecurity ot the (hipping in the port of London. 310/. 7s. od. 27. for digefting and abftrartmg poor return*.
 ,2,801/. 9j. 10d. for additional allowances to clerks in the auditor's office                *
 to April 5, 1805.  1,113/. 91. 6</. for fees ou tallies levied on aids granted
 by the parliament. 535/ 3a 6d. for a plan for a horlc-patrol round the metropolis. 5,000/. for military roads in Scotland, 10,600/. for roads                   ,  ,
 and bridges in the highlands of Scotland. 50,000/. for an inland navigation from the Eaitern to the Weftern Sea. 340/ Irilh currency to S. Moore, efquire, for preparing publick accounts of Ireland to in: laid before parliament. 240/. iriih, to J. Smart, efquire, tor ditto. 20c/.
 Irilh, to P. Le Bas, efquire, tor keeping corn-bounties' accounts. 250/. lriih, to R. Marthall, efquire, for preparing accounts of export* and
                                                                  imports
 • Co gle
J260 Anno regni quadragefimd quinto Georgii III. c. 129. [1805.
             imports of Ireland for Parliament, aoo/ Irifh, to R. Wetherail, efquire, for preparing accounts for Parliament. aoo/. Irifh, to G. Hatton, cfquire, for ditto. 150/. Irifh, to S. Hood, efquire, for ditto, aoo/. Irifh, to T. Hafficld, efquire, for ditto. 25,000/. Irifh, for civil buildings in Ireland. 900/. Irifh, for printing and binding ACt$ of the United Kingdom. 7,026/. 9j. 10d. 27. for proclamations and advertifements in Ireland. a,ooo/. Irifh, fortreafury incidents in Ireland. 760/. y. 2d. 2q. Irifh, for expenditure at the Gold-mine in the county of Wicklow. 20,410/. Irifh, tor printing, flationary, See. for the chief and under fecreUries'offices, See. in Dublin Caftle. 2,500/. Irilh, for apprehending publick offenders in Ireland. 25,000/. Irilh, for criminal profecutions in Ireland. 1,047/. 10/. 2d. Irifh, for expence of pratique in the port of Dublin. 9,176/. 3/. 3d. Irifh, for fupport of the non-conforming Minifters of Ireland. 9,230/. 15J. $d. for paving, cleanfing, and lighting the Itreets of Dublin. 21,600/. Irifh, for the linen and hempen manufactures in Ireland, viz. 2,000/. for raifing hemp and flax; 2,000/. for the hempen and flaxen manufactures in Lcin-lier, Munfter, and Connaught 5 71*50/. for the growth of flax in Ireland ; 19,350/. for promoting the faid manufactures. 6,000/. Irifh, for a Hall for the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland. 10,000/. Irifh, to the Dublin Society for promoting Hufbandry, See. 2,000/. Irilh, for the Farming Society of Ireland. 10,884/. 14.*. %d. Irifh, to the commiflioners for widening ftreets in Dublin. 6,ooo/. Jrifh, for rebuilding the parifh church of Saint Andrew, Dublin. 5,000/. Irifh, for building churches, &c. in Ireland. 22,500/. Irifh, for theFoundling-Hofpital in Dublin. 1,691/. 13/. 4d. Irifh, for the Hibernian Marine-Society in Dublin. 6,132/. 19/. id. Irifh, for the Hibernian School for Soldiers* Children. 958/. 131. 9d. Irifh, for the Female Orphan-houfe near Dublin. 1,280/. Irifh, to the Aflociation for difcountenancing Vice, Sec. 6,897/. Irifh, for the Lock-
             hofpital in Dublin. 21,433/. 18*. 7d. Irifh, for the Houfe of Induflry in Dublin. 1,030/. i8j.6</. Irifh, for the Fever-hofpital in Dublin. 2,590/. 8/. Irifh, for the Lying-in Hofpital in Dublin. 1,795/. Irifh, fora penitentiary in Dublin. 400/. Irifh, for the office of the commiflioners of charitable donations* 8,000/. Irifh, for the Roman catholic feminary in Ireland. 4,942/. Irifh, for Steevens’s Hofpital. 22,621/. 6*. id. Irifh, tor promoting Englifh proteftant fchools in Ireland. Supplies not to be applied to any other than the authorifed purpofes. Rules to be obferved in the application of the fum appropriated for half-pay. Officers employed on the ftaff, or in garrifons, may receive their halt-pay on taking the oath mentioned in this aCt. By 44 Geo. 3. c. no. a certain fum was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers, the overplus of which may be dtfpofed of as his Majefty (hall judge proper.
                                             LOCAL
                  ( i*6i )
      LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,
           TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.
                               >»
       Anno Quadragefimo Quinto Georcii III. Regia.
  *■
 *
 I
                               Cap. 23.
 An aft for amending an aft, pafled in the thirty-feventh year of hii prefent Majefty, to amend and render more eftcftual an aft, made in the thirty, flrflt year of his late Majefty, for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and aflize thereof, and to punifh perfons who (hall adulterate meal, flour, or bread, fo far as the fame relates to the aflize and making of bread, to be fold in the city of London and the liberties thereof, and within the weekly bills of mortality, and ten miles of the Royal Exchange.— [April 11, 1805.]
  Whereas an aft was pafled in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad to amend and render more effefttial an aft, made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, 41 An aft for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and aflize thereof, and to punifh perfons fcho (hall adulterate meal, flour, or bread, fo far as the fame relates to the aflize and making of bread, to be fold in the city of London and liberties thereof, and within the weekly bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange and whereas by reafon of the great increafe that has taken place in the feveral articles ufed in the making and baking of bread, fince the palling of the faid aft, it is become expedient that the makers and bakers of bread for (ale, within the city of London and liberties thereof, and within the weekly bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, (hould receive a greater allowance for their charges, labour, pains, livelihood, and profit, than is given to them by the faid aft ; be it therefore enafted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons," in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from time to time, when and fo often as the court of mayor and aldermen of the city of London, or the lord-mayor of the Aid city for the time being, lhall fet the aflize of bread, in execution of the faid aft made in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, the allowance made to the baker, when the aflize (hall be fet from the average price of wheat, (hall be (ixteen (hillings per quarter or two (hillings per bu(hel on wheat; and when the aflize (hall be fet from the average price of flour, fuch allowance (hall be thirteen (hillings and four-ptnee per . fack on flour, being in each cafe an increafe of half an aflize to the allowance given to the baker by the faid aft of the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prelent Majefty ; and the faid court of mayor and aider-men of the city of London, or the lord-mayor of the faid city for the time being, in fettling the faid aflize, lhall make fuch addition by adding one-half an aflize to each of the prices fpecified in the table annexed to t the faid lad-mentioned aft, according to the rules and proportions contained in the faid table, as nearly as can be.
     11.   And whereas an aft was pafled in this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting additional duties on fait in Great Britain, whereby the price of that article is materially increafcd, and the baker3 will be confidcrably injured if fome further allowance is not made to
                                                                     theta
 
1262
                                 Local and Perfonal Ads,                     [1805.
               them on account of fuch additional duties; be it therefore further enafted, That while filch additional duties on fait (hall continue, but no longer, the court of mayor and aldermen, or the lord-mayor of the city of London for the time being, from time to time, in fetting the artize of bread, in execution of the faid ad of the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and alfo of another aft parted in the thirty-eighth year oi the reign of his prefent Majefty, to amend the (aid ad, and of this prefent aft, or of either of them, when and fo often as they or he fhall think proper to ufe or be guided by the average price of wheat, lhall, immediately before the fetting of fuen aflize, add to what (hall, by means of the then laft general return or account of wheat, appear to be the then average price per quarter of wheat, fit for making of wheaten bread, the fum of fixpence on account of the faid new duties on fait, fo as to increafe fuch average price fixpence per quarter, and (hall then, in fetting the artize of bread, make ufe of fuch increafcd average price or fum, in all refoefts, as if the fame were the real average price of wheat; and that from time to time, when and fo eften as the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or lord-mayor, lhall, in fetting the artize of bread, in execution of the fame two afts and of this aft, or of either of them, think proper to ufe or be guided by the average price of flour, they or he (hall immediately, before fetting fuch artize, while fuch new duties on fait (hall continue, but no longer, add to what (hall, by means of the then laft general return or account of meal and flour, appear to be the then averagcfprice per fack of flour, fit for the makingof wheatenbread, the fum of five-pence on account of the faid new duties on (alt, fo as to increafe fuch average price five-pence per fack, and (hall then, in fetting the artize of bread, make ufe of fuch increafed average price or fum, in all refpefts, as if the fame were the real average price of flour: provided always, that the faid additional allowances of fixpence on the quarter of wheat, and five-pence on the fack of flour, by this aft granted, (hall be independent of, and in addition to, the feveral fums granted in and by the laid aft of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, in confideration of the new duties then laid upon fait.
                 111.  And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall commence and take place on the fecond Tuefday next after the parting of the fame.
                                             Cap 58.
               An aft to alter and amend an aft, parted in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making wet-docks, bafons. cuts, and other works, for the greater accommodation and fccurity of (limping, commerce, and revenue, within the port of London \ and tor extending the powers and provifions of the faid aft.—[June 17, i8a>]
               The yearly general courts to be held, one within the firft twenty days of the month of January, and the other within the firft twenty days of the month of July. The time for making purchafcs extended two years. The time for completing the docks extended five years. Extending the power for making compenfatiou to the Vintners' company, Authorifmg the company to augment their capital ftock five hundred thoufand pounds. Power for the company to borrow the money either at in-tcrrft, on the credit of the rates, or by augmenting their ftock. Perfons advancing the money, to have the option of being repaid in money, or to have a proportionable (hare of the capital ftock of the (aid company. Securities of prior dates not to be entitled to a preference in payment. Intereft of the money to be borrowed to be paid half yearly. For rc-
               fealing a claufe in aft 40 Geo. 3. c. 47- for removing combuftibles.
                 cnalty for not removing combuftibles in twelve hours. Preventing the obftruftion of the dock entrances. Goods landed under the provitions of aft 44 Geo. 3. c. i#o. to be fubjeft to a lien for freight. Power to purchafe Allen's brewhoufe in Nightingale-lane. Powers and privileges of former afts extended to this aft. Expencca of this aft to be paid by the company. Publick aft.
  
 *
1805.]
   To be judicially noticed.'
%
1203
Cap. 63.
       An aft to authorife the advancement of further fumi of money out of ‘ the confolidated fund for completing the canal and othe rworks directed to be made by an gft, palled in the thirty-ninth year of hi* prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for rendering more commodious and for better regulating, the port of London.—[June 27, 1805.]
       Afts 39 Geo. 3. c. 69. 4a Geo. 3. c. 49. 43. Geo. 3. c. 124. recited.
       Power to advance out of the confolidated fund any farther fum not exceeding 60,000/. Rates and duties by recited afts granted to his Majefty to be charged with the repayment to confolidated fund with intereft for the fame. All rates and duties to continue pavable, See. until the monies advanced be fully repaid with intereft. Direftipg the application of purchafe-money. In cafe of not making out titles; or if perfona cannot be found, purchafe-money to be paid into the Bank; fubjeft to the order of the court of Chancery on motion or petition. , Where ah y queftion (hall arife touching title to money to be paid, the perfon in polfellion (hall be deemed entitled thereto. Tne court may order reafonable expences of purchafes to be paid by the corporation. The expences of this aft to be paid out of the money advanced out of the confolidated aft. Powers, claufes, Ice. of the recited afts extended to this aft.
       Publick aft.


     
                         INDEX OF ACTS,
                                  PASSED IN THE
                       FORTY-FIFTH YEAR OF KING GEORGE
              Shewing whether they relate to the Whole or any Part of the
                                United Kingdom,
     E . fignijits             that the         A3 relates to England, (& Wales; if the fubje& extendsfo far.)
     E. &c............................England, Wales, and Berwick; (by expref* words.)
     S................................Scotland.
     G.B..............................Great Britain ;  or  England  and Scotland.
     I................................Ireland.
     U.K..............................The Whole of     the United Kingdom.
                                 * ’ A
    Abuses in Publick Offices
    Accounts, publick. See P.
    Advowfons                             ------
    Alien Merchants     -
    American Treaty     -
    Annuities (additional on certain Stock)
    --------Publick. See Loans.
    Appropriation of Supplies -
    Army. See Militia, Commiffioners of Enquiry.
    Afleued Taxes. See Taxes.
    Atholl, (Duke)   -------
                                  Audlions -------
    Auditor’s Office ------
                                      B.
    Bank of England. See Indemnity.
    Bank-Notes (forging) -
                                  Bark --------
    Barrack Mailer -    -          -   -     -
    Bengal. See Eaft-India Company.
    Bills of Exchange. See Promiffory Notes, Bank-Notes. Blubber. See Oil.
    Bonnets. See Platting.
    Boringdon (Lord). See Chelfon Bay.
    Bottles. See Glafs.
    Bounties. See Sugar.
    Boyd and Co. See Indemnity.
    Bricks and Tiles ...               -
    Britilh Mufcum. See Townleian Collection.
  Cap.         
       ►       
 \ 47. >-G. B. 
 < 58. [       
165’!  I.      
       \       
  101. E.      
   32. U.K.    
 - 35* G.B.    
8» 73- G.B.    
  129. U. K.   
- 123. G. B.   
 S *9» I.      
 1 30. G.B.    
SS.91- G.B.    
* 89. G. B. 
- 66. G. B. 
      E.    
•  30.  G.B.&I.
      Go ^le
               R
   Cambridge Univerfity. Advowfons * Cards -    -
 j Carriages (Duty) - -   -
   -------(Regulation)
                         INDEX OF ACTS, C.
 Chancery (Offices)
 Chelfon Bay -Cinders. See Coals.
 Civil Lift (Amendment)
 Clergy. See Queen Anne's Bounty. Coaches. See Carriages.
 Coals, by Inland Navigation Cochineal (Duty) -Coffee -         -
 Colleges, purchafing Advowfons Commiffioners of Land-Tax Commiffioners of Enquiry, ‘viz.
 -------------------------(Navy)
 -------------------------(Army)
                                                                                                            (Dublin Paving)
 Cap.
  19.
  19.
 105.
 ,K
 I.
 I.
 I.
 G.B.
 E.
[
fv^orn
 Commiffioners of Taxes
 Corn (Importation and Exportation, Prohibition, Sec.)
       Bounties and Duties (Amending 44 G. 3. c. 109.) Intercourfe                 -            -
       to Jerfey, &c.                            ------
 Criminals (Apprehenlion and Efcape of )
 Crinan Canal •                                   ------
 Culm. See Coals.
 Cuftoms (Confolidation) -          -     -     _     _
 -------(Additional) -          * -
 --------------------(Glafs)      -
 •-----*— -----------(Slate)     -
 ■----------------------------Wine (Spanilh)
t •>
I
 and Excife (Regulation Continuation) Fees -
         Sec alfo Cochineal, Platting, Smuggling, Woollen Cloth. Cyder and Perry -           -      -      -
  - 76. I.      
 - 128. • E.    
  - 88. G.B.    
        G.B.    
 - tor. G. B.   
  - 48. G. B.   
  - 46. G.B.    
47- 7°- G.B.    
 - 112. I.      
- Sf71* G. B.   
26. §2. G. B.   
26. §3. I.      
  - 86. E.      
        G.B.&I. 
  - 68. G.B. *  
    92. U.K.    
  - 85. S.      
  - 18. I.      
 - 2,9- G. B.   
 - 122. G.B.    
  - 44- G. B.   
  f 67- G. B.   
 i 107. I.      
 - 108. J.      
        G.B.    
  - 33- G.B.&I. 
 D.
 Debtors. See Infolvents, Parliament. Derby Earl. See Athol Duke.
 Dice...............................
 Diftillery (Regulation)
 Dividends. See Property-Tax.
 Dogs (Duty) -         -     -     -
 ------------(Regulation)
 Drawbacks. See Linen, Sugar, Wine. Dublin Paving        1  -    -  •  -
 Duke of Athol. See (A.)
   Eaft-India Company (Bengal) Elections. See Parliament. Vol. XLV.
| Go gle
 E.
M
19.  I.   
104. I.   
19.  I.   
105. I.   
112. I.   
36.  G.B. 
NDEX OF ACTS.
 Enquiry. See Abufes, Commiffioners. Efcape. See Criminals.
 Exchequer Bills. See Loans.
 Excite (additional -
 ------------ ----(Wine)      -
 -------reducing (Hops)
 -------Licences     -     -
 ------and Taxes (Confolidation)
 Expiring Laws
4
Cap.
 26, 68, 80,
 30.
 45-
 94-
 52.
 19.
108.
 G.B.
 G.B.
 G.B
 I.
 I.
G.B.&I.
                                      F.
 Fees (in America, Sec.)............................
 Fire-Hearths -         -    -      -    -
 Filheries (Bounties)   -
 --------Greenland (Men) -----
 --------(Pilchards)
 --------(Regulation)                         -----
 -----— (Southern Whale) -         -    -    -    -
 Foreign Ships (Hides, &c.)     -     -     -
 -------------and  Merchants     -     -      -
 .------------(Importation to and from Weft-India Ports)
 Forgery of Bank Notes,                        Sec.
 Fox,Judge .....................................
                                      G.
 Glafs (Additional Duty)
 .______________________  (Cuitoras)
 Glafs Bottles -Granilla. See Cochineal. Greenland Filheries - *        -
68.  G.B.  
19.  I.    
64.  I.    
9*   G.B.  
102. G.B.  
105. I.    
96.  G. B. 
80.  U. K. 
3*-  U.K.. 
57*  U.K.  
89.  G.B.  
117. U.K.  
 30 G.B.&I. 122. G. B. 19. I.
  9. G. B.
                                                                                                                                H.
Habeas Corpus (Sufpenfton)
Harbours. See Howth, Leith.
Hats. See Platting.
Hawkers and Pedlars -Hearths. See Fire-Hearths.
Hides                -
Hops (reducing Duty) -              -
Horfes (Duty) -----
------;-------(additional)     -     -
.-------------(regulating)     -
--------------(Poft-Horfe Duty, farming)
Houfcs. See Windows, Fire-Hearths.
Howth Harbour -
   <\i                        •       -
                                                                                                                            I. J.
Importation. See Neutral Ships.
Income. See Property.
Indemnity (Bank of England)
----------(Boyd Sc Co.) -
----------(Neutral Ships Licences)
----------(Offices) -          -     -
---- -----(Quarantine)        -
 - 4. I.
 -   52.  I.      *■
 -   80.  TJ.K.
 -   94.  G. B.
 -   19.  I.
 -   13.  G. B.
 -  10$.   I.
 -   56.  G. B.
 -  113. I.
                                                                                                                                             7*
 -     78.
.    97.
E.
U. K. U.K. U.K. G.B.
t
Go gle
INDEX OF ACTS.
 Indemnity (Witnefles) ' -        *
 Infirmaries -         -
 Inland Navigation (for Coals)
 Innkeepers (Soldiers) -
 Inquiry. See Commiffioners of Enquiry.
 Ifle of Man. See Man.
 Infolvent Debtors          -     -    -
 --------Merchants, (being M. P.)
                                                                                                                           L.
 Land-Tax. See Penfions.
 ---------Commiflioners (Appointment)
 ---------- Redemption (Amendment)
 Leather ------
 Legacies. See Stamps.
 Leith Harbour -Letters. See Poftage.
 Licences. See Indemnity, Spirits, Excife. Linens (Drawbacks) -        " -
 Loans, Annuities, Exchequer Bills, See.
        £. 3,000,000 (On Aids of 1805) j£. 12,500,000
        f. 2,500,000 . 6,000,000 £. 1,500,000 £. 5,000,000 £. 2,500,000
                        (Annuities)
                        (Part thereof) -        - -     -    §
                        (Exchequer Bills) -(Annuities) -
                        (Exchequer Bills for Service of 1805) (Ditto.) -(Ditto.) -See al/o Annuities (additional).
Lotteries
Loyalifls (Compenfation) -Loyalty Loan                          -
 1,500,000
 Male Servants. See Servants. Malt (annual Duties) --
 M.
 -----(Regulations) -
 Man, Ifle of -        -
 Mariners. See Seamen.
 Mead -           -     -   -  -
 Melville (Lord) -         -     -  ‘ -
           And See Indemnity (Witnefles.) Parliament (Prorogation.) Militia (Allowances, Subalterns)
 — —------------------(Adjutants)
 -------Officers (full Pay)
 -------(inlifting into Regulars)
 --------Pay and Cloathing
 -------Pay, Cloathing, and Allowances
 Military Commiffioners. See Commiffioners, Military Survey -Mortmain -Mutiny Aft (Army)'
 -------------(Marines)     -
     Cap.       % 
   • 126.    U.K. 
          I.      
    1 >8. E.      
    - 37-  E. &c. 
       3- E. & I. 
   - 124.    U.K. 
    - 48.   G. B. 
    - 77-     GB. 
          I.      
          S.      
«                 
O           G. B. 
CO                
•                 
       3-   G. B. 
- 12.)      G. B. 
12,20.' \ L       
    - 27.   G. B. 
 40, IIO. I.      
  - 1x8.,   G. B. 
- 119,       G.B. 
   - 120.    G.B. 
    - 74-    U.K. 
    - 79. I.      
 - 8, 73.   G. B. 
  ? i» 2.    G.B. 
    ( 22. I.      
          I.      
  99,123.    G.B. 
          I.      
 125,126. U. K.   
    - 60:    G.B. 
    - 6i. E.      
      90. G. B.   
    f Si. G.B.    
    } 38. I.      
    - 62.    G.B. 
    - 63. I.      
          •       
   - IO9. I.      
   - IOI. G. B.   
    - 16.    U.K. 
    - 17- U.K.    
 M 2
Go gle
INDEX OF ACTS

                                                                                                                          N.
 Names of Commiflioners of Land-Tax, Naval CommiiTioners. Commiflioners. Navy. See Seamen.
 Notes. See Small Notes.
            Bank Notes.,
 Neutral Ships (American Goods)
         (and See Indemnity.) Newfoundland. See Oil.
 Cap.
 48.
 g.b.
 34. U.K.
 o.
 Offenders (efcaping) -Oil (Newfoundland)
 Oxford Univerlity. See Advowfons.
 Paper and Paper-Hangings (Duties)
 --------------------------Regulations
 Parchment (Duty) -          -    -
 Parliament (Elections) -
 ----------(Privilege of)    -    -
 ----------(Prorogation,       c. of) •
 Paving. See Dublin. Paymafter-General -Penfions, Sec.(annual Duty)
 Permits         - -
 Plate-Glafs -
 Plate, wrought -        -     -    -
 Platting     (Duty) -
 Poor -            -
 Pottage (additional)
 Poft-Horfes. See Horfes.
 Poll-Roads
 Prizes                     ------
 Prize Ships. See Foreign Ships.
 Promiffory Notes (for limited Sums)
 Property Tax (additional)
 --------------1 Regulations)
 ----------------(Exemptions)
 Publick Accounts ...
 92.
 80.
 P.

 U. K. G.B.
 Quarantine
 Queen Anne’s Bounty
-     19- I.    
-    106. I.    
      19. I.    
•     59- I.    
-    124. U.K.  
-    125. U. K. 
    Lr»         
    CO          
    •     U. K. 
       2. G. B. 
      39* I.    
     122. G.B.  
      19. I.    
     103. G.B.  
      54- E.    
f     11. G.B.  
X     21. L     
      43- I.    
-     7-- U.K.  
f     *$• G.B.  
i     4»- I.    
      I5* G.B.  
-     49* G.B.  
.    110. G.B.  
Sb    91. G. B. 
io> - 97- G.B.  
-     84. E.    
 Rebellion. See Loyaliffs.
 Regifler of Chancery. See Chancery.
 Revenue Regulation -          -      -
        ' And See Cuftoms, Excife, Taxes, Sec. Reads. See.Poll Roads.
 V *04, to5. I t t 106, 108. j *
Go gle
■ f
INDEX OF ACTS.
 S.
 Sail-Cloth -       -     -
 Salt Duty (additional)
 Seamen (Coafting Trade) -           -   #
 -------(Prize Act)
 Servants* Duty          -
 —  -----------(Regulation)
 Shillton Bay. See Chelfon Bay.
 Ships. See Foreign Ships, Neutral Ships. Slate -          -
 Small Notes. See Promiflory Notes. Smuggling (Prevention of)
 SnufF (annual Duties)      7
 Soldiers. See Innkeepers.
 Southern Whale Filhery. See Filheries. Spanilh Wine. See Wine.
 Spirits (annual Duty) -       *
 ------(Licences) -
 ------(Regulations) -          -    -
 ------(Warehoufing)        -
 ------(Exporting, &c.)
 Stamp Duties -                   -
 -------------Legacies    -
 Straw Platting. See Platting.
 Sugar (annual Duties)             - -
 -      Drawbacks and Bounties Sweets (Duty) -
 {
       26, § 104. § 86, 101
 {
24>
 T.
 Taxes (Regulation)
        And See Property-Tax, &c. Tiles. See Bricks.
 Timber Trees -
 Tobacco (annual Duties)
 Tokens (counterfeiting)
 Townleian Colleflion Traitors (fecuring)
 Treafury Bills. See Loans.
 Vellum. See Parchment. Vinegar -Univerfities. See Colleges.
 Warehoufing Goods
 -----------Spirits
 Wdl-ImJia Potts
f
 • !
  Cap.         
   68. G.B.    
   14. G.B.&I. 
   81. G. B.   
   7*- U. K.   
   19. I.      
  103. I.      
               
  xai. U.K.    
    2• G.B.    
   22. I.      
   5°. I.      
  104. I*      
m              
V?     G.B.&I. 
IOI. )         
  100. E.&S.   
 >*51. I.      
   «8. G.B.    
    2. G.B.    
   23. I.      
 * 93- G.B.    
   19. I.      
;> 7»* G. B.   
9 s*   s.      
  105. I.      
   66. G. B.   
    2. G.B.    
   *9- I.      
   42, . I-    
  127* E.      
    4- I.      
 U.& V.
 {
 19. I.
 30. G.B.&I.
 W.
    -    -    *7-
 104, § 86, 101.
    -     -    57-
 G. B. ' G.B.&I. U.K.
I Go gle
 «
INDEX OF ACTS.
 Weftminfter-Hall, &c.
 Windows (Duty) - ^ -.                 (Regulations)
 Wine, Spanifh (Duty)
          (And See Sweets.) Wire -           -     - .  -
                                                                                                     Woollen Cloth, to Eall-Indies — Manufactures
        T,
   it 5. E.
    *»• 1.
• IOC. I.
 ( 67. G.B.
 1107. I.
    30. G.B.iL .• 8*. G.B.
»   83* G. B„

                                                                      END OF VOL. XLV.

