A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno Septimo

Georgii III. Regis.

being the Sixth Session of the Twelfth Parliament of Great Britain

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. To continue an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time.

Cap. 2. To amend so much of an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing certain duties in the British colonies and plantations, granted by several acts of parliament; and also the duties imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament upon certain East India goods exported from Great Britain; and for granting other duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several branches of the trade of this kingdom, and the British dominions in America, as relates to the exportation of non-enumerated goods from the British colonies in America.

Cap. 3. To prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch; and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour.

Cap. 4. For allowing the importation of wheat and wheat flour from his Majesty's colonies in America, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

Cap. 5. For allowing the importation of wheat and wheat flour from any part of Europe into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

Cap. 6. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven.

Cap. 7. For indemnifying such persons as have acted for the service of the publick, in advising or carrying into execution the order of council of the twenty sixth day of September last, for laying an embargo on all ships laden with wheat or wheat flour; and for preventing suits in consequence of the said embargo.

Cap. 8. For allowing the importation of oats and oatmeal, rye and ryemeal, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

Cap. 9. For obviating doubts which have arisen with respect to so much of an act made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled (An act to amend an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, concerning the qualification of justices of the peace, and for other purposes therein mentioned) as directs the taking of certain oaths by justices of the peace, on the issuing of any new commission of the peace.

Cap. 10. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 11. For allowing the importation of wheat and wheat flour, free of duty, from any part of Europe, for a further time than is allowed by any act made in this session of parliament; and for permitting the free importation of barley, barley-meal, and pulse, into this kingdom, for a limited time.

Cap. 12. To discontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs-lard, and grease.

Cap. 13. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 14. For granting an aid so his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven.

Cap. 15. For giving further time to his Majesty's lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, justices, and clerks of the peace, and others, for carrying into execution certain parts of an act passed in the last session, for pay and cloathing of the militia; and for indemnifying such lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, and clerks of the peace, and others, who have neglected to carry such parts of the said act into execution.

Cap. 16. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven.

Cap. 17. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; for the more effectually punishing serjeants, drummers, and fifers, for misbehaviour and desertion; for securing deserters from the militia regiments; and for explaining and amending so much of an act passed in the last session of parliament, as relates to inlisting militia men into his Majesty's other forces.

Cap. 18. To enable the trustees of the British museum to exchange, sell, or dispose of, any duplicates of printed books, medals, coins, or other curiosities; and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other things that may be wanting in, or proper for the said museum.

Cap. 19. To enable his Majesty to settle certain annuities on their royal highnesses the dukes of York, Gloucester, and Cumberland.

Cap. 20. For granting to his Majesty additional duties upon bast, or straw, chip, cane, and horse hair hats and bonnets, and upon certain materials for making the same, imported into this kingdom.

Cap. 21. To obviate inconveniencies which may arise with respect to the execution of several acts of parliament in such cities, boroughs, towns corporate, franchises, and liberties, as have only one justice of the peace of the quorum qualified to act within the same.

Cap. 22. For further allowing the importation of wheat and wheat flour, barley, barley-meal, and pulse, free of duty, into this kingdom from any part of Europe.

Cap. 23. To prevent frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of coals, sold by wharf measure, within the city of London, and the liberties thereof; and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 24. For raising the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and a lottery, attended with annuities to be charged on the sinking fund.

Cap. 25. For redeeming one fourth part of the joint stock of annuities established by an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom; and certain duties upon all cyder and perry; and for raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the said duties.

Cap. 26. For redeeming the remainder of the joint stock of annuities established by an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, in respect of several navy, victualling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures.

Cap. 27. For extending the royalty of the city of Edinburgh over certain adjoining lands; and for giving powers to the magistrates of Edinburgh for the benefit of the said city; and to enable his Majesty to grant letters patent for establishing a theatre in the city of Edinburgh, or suburbs thereof.

Cap. 28. For granting to his Majesty additional duties upon certain linen cloth imported; and for carrying such duties, together with the additional duties granted in this session of parliament upon the importation of bast or straw, chip, cane, and bode hair hats and bonnets, and certain materials for making the same, to the sinking fund.

Cap. 19. For explaining an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, to prevent extortion in sheriffs, under-sheriffs, and bailiffs of franchises or liberties, in cases of execution.

Cap. 30. For allowing the free importation of rice, sago powder, and vermicelli, into this kingdom, from his Majesty's colonies in North America, for a limited time.

Cap. 31. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors.

Cap. 32. For applying the money granted, in this session of parliament, for carrying on an additional building for a more commodious passage to the house of commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane and Old Palace Yard.

Cap. 33. To inforce, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the execution of an act of the last session of parliament, intituled An act for repeating the several duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for explaining the said act.

Cap. 34. For allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers.

Cap. 35. To continue several laws therein mentioned, relating to the clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the customs; to prevent the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby; to the granting liberty to carry rice from his Majesty's provinces of Carolina and Georgia, in America, directly to any part of Europe southward of Cape Finisterre, in ships built and navigated according to law; and to the prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain.

Cap. 36. To continue so much of an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the free importation of cochineal and indico; and for allowing the bounties granted by any acts of parliament now in being upon the exportation of corn and malt declared or made for exportation, and barley steeped and entered at the excise office to be made into malt for exportation, before a limited time.

Cap. 37. For completing the bridge cross the river Thames, from Black Fryars in the city of London, to the opposite side in the county of Surry, and the avenues thereto on the London side; for redeeming the tolls on the said bridge, and on London Bridge; for rebuilding the gaol of Newgate in the said city; for repairing the Royal Exchange within the same; for embanking part of the north side of the said river, within certain limits; and for further continuing, towards those purposes, the imposition of six pence per chaldron, or ton, of coals and culm imported into the port of the said city, established by an act of the fifth and sixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary; and also for carrying on the new pavements in the city and liberties of Westminster, and parishes adjacent, and in the town and borough of Southwark; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 38. To amend and render more effectual an act made in the eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, for encouragement of the arts of designing, engraving, and etching, historical and other prints; and for vesting in, and securing to, Jane Hogarth widow, the property in certain prints.

Cap. 3a. For the better regulation of the parish poor children, of the several parishes therein mentioned, within the bills of mortality.

Cap. 40. To explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads of this kingdom; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 41. To enable his Majesty to put the customs, and other duties, in the British dominions in America, and the execution of the laws relating to trade there, under the management of commissioners to be appointed for that purpose, and to be resident in the said dominions.

Cap. 42. To explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several Statutes now in being for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways of this kingdom; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 43. To amend and enforce the acts of the eighteenth, twenty first, and thirty second years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent importation and wearing of cambricks and french lawns.

Cap. 44. For altering the stamp duties upon policies of assurance; and for reducing the allowance to be made in respect of the prompt payment of the stamp duties on licences for retailing beer, ale, and other exciseable liquors; and for explaining and amending several acts of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs.

Cap. 45. For encouraging and regulating the trade and manufactures of the Isle of Man; and for the more easy supply of the inhabitants there with a certain quantity of wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, authorized by an act made in this session to be transported to the said island.

Cap. 46. For granting certain duties in the British colonies and plantations in America; for allowing a drawback of the duties of customs upon the exportation, from this kingdom, of coffee and cocoa nuts of the produce of the said colonies or plantations; for discontinuing the drawbacks payable on china earthen ware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine running of goods in the said colonies and plantations.

Cap. 47. For discontinuing the duties on logwood exported; for taking off the duties on Succus Liquoritiae imported, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for explaining such parts of two acts made in the tenth and twelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, as relate to certain duties on silks, printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain; for granting a duty upon the exportation of such rice as shall have been imported, duty-free, in pursuance of an act made in this session of parliament; and for more effectually preventing the wear of foreign lace and needle work which are prohibited to be imported into this kingdom.

Cap. 48. For regulating the proceedings of certain publick Companies and corporations carrying on trade or dealings with joint stocks, in respect to the declaring of dividends; and for further regulating the qualification of members for voting in their respective general courts.

Cap. 49. For regulating pertain proceedings of the general courts of the united company of merchants of England trading to the east Indies,

Cap. 50. For amending certain laws relating to the revenue of the post office; and for granting rates of postage for the conveyance of letters and packets between Great Britain and the Isle of Man, and within that island.

Cap. 51. For improving the navigation of the river Lee, from the town of Hertford to the river Thames; and for extending the said navigation to the flood-gates belonging to the town mill, in the said town of Hertford.

Cap. 53. For erecting a proper and convenient pier at the port of Saint Ives, in the county of Cornwall, for the better protection of ships and vessels resorting to the said port.

Cap. 53. For draining and preserving fen lands, and low grounds lying in the south level, part of the great level of the fens commonly called Bedford Level, and in the county of Cambridge, between the river Cam, otherwise Grant, west, and the hardlands of Bottisham, Swaffham-Bulbeck, and Swaffham-Prior, east; and for impowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain fen lands lying within the limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands.

Cap. 54. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund, and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; for carrying to the aggregate fund a sum of money which hath arisen by the two sevenths excise; for impowering his Majesty, with the advice of his privy Council, to permit the importation of any sort of corn or grain, duty-free, into this kingdom, for a longer time than is permitted by any act of this session of parliament; and for obviating doubts in relation to the meeting of commissioners for putting in execution an act of this session, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax.

Cap. 55. For further continuing an act of the last session of parliament, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 56. For taking off the inland duty of one shilling per pound weight upon all black and singlo teas consumed in Great Britain; and for granting a drawback upon the exportation of teas to Ireland, and the British dominions in America, for a limited time, upon such indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India company, as is therein mentioned for permitting the exportation of teas in smaller quantities than one lot to Ireland, or the said dominions in America; and for preventing teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain.

Cap. 57. For establishing an agreement for the payment of the annual sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for a limited time, by the East India company, in respect of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies.

Cap. 58. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom; and for establishing a fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of hemp and flax.

Cap. 59. For restraining and prohibiting the governor, council, and house of representatives, of the province of New York, until provision shall have been made for furnishing the King's troops with all the necessaries required by law, from passing or assenting to any act of assembly, vote, or resolution, for any other purpose.

Cap. 60. For repairing and widening several roads in the county of Brecon.

Cap. 61. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts passed in the thirteenth year of King George the First, and the seventeenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Cranford Bridge, in the county of Middlesex, to that end of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the county of Bucks; and for amending the road from Slough, to a certain place in Eton, and from Langley Broom, to Datchet Bridge, in the county of Buckingham.

Cap. 62. To continue the term, and render more effectual an act passed in the thirty first year of his late Majesty, for amending several roads leading from the town of Tiverton, in the county of Devon; and for repairing and widening the road from Bickley Bridge Cross, over Bickley Bridge, to the sign of the Swan in the town of Silverton; and also the road from Bickley Wood Cross, to Ford Village Water in the said county.

Cap. 63. For building a bridge cross the river Thames, from Swynford in the county of Berks, to Eynsham in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 64. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty second year of his late majesty King George the Second, for opening and making a new road from the east end of New Street, in the parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said road in repair for the future; and for repairing several other roads adjoining thereto.

Cap. 65. For continuing, altering, and amending, two acts of parliament, of the twelfth of King George the First, and of the tenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several roads leading into the city of Worcester; and for amending several other roads near or adjoining thereto.

Cap. 66. For repairing and widening the road from the west end of Thames Street, in the city of Oxford, over Botley Causeway, to the turnpike road near Fifield, in the county of Berks.

Cap. 67. For amending, repairing, and widening, several roads in the counties of Radnor and Hereford.

Cap. 68. For amending and widening the road leading from the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the county of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the great turnpike road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, to Birmingham in the same county.

Cap. 69. For rebuilding the parish church of Saint Martin, within the city of Worcester.

---

Cap. 70. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the eighteenth year of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the town of Kingston upon Hull, to and through the town of Anlaby, and from thence to the town of Kirk EUa, in the county of the said town of Kingston upon Hull,

Cap. 71. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the eighteenth year of King George the Second, for repairing the road from Sacred Gate, on the south east side of the town M Hedon, in the east riding of the county of York, through the said town to Hull North Bridge; and for amending the road from the present turnpike bar in Wyton Holmes, through the township of Wyton and Sproatley> to the guide post in Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moor House, in the same riding.

Cap. 72. For the better and more effectual maintenance and relief of the poor of the borough and parish of Queenborough, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 73. For building a bridge cross Stonehouse creek, from Stoneloufe to Plymouth dock, in the county of Devon,

Cap. 74. For enlarging the term and powers granted by two alls of parliament, of the third of King George the First, and the eleventh of his late Majesty, for enabling the parishioners of Saint Mary Rotherhilb, in the county of Surrey, by certain funeral races therein mentioned, to finish the said parish Church, and for purchasing an additional burial ground, and to enable them to raise money for purchasing the present parfooage house, and con* vesting the feite thereof into a burial ground, and for providing 91 new parsonage house.

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Cap. 75. For the more effectual repairing, widening, and rendering commodious the highways within the parish of Ealing, in the county of Middlesex; and for lighting the street in Old Brentford within the said parish, from the turning towards Kew Bridgiy to a street called The Half Acre.

Cap. 76. For continuing the term of several arts for repairing the road between Wymondham and Attleborough, in the county of hferfoU; and for amending the road from the end of the town clore, in the county of the city of Norwich, to the chalk pita near Thetford, in the said county of Norfolk.

Cap. 77. For repairing and widening the road from Spemal Ajby in the county of Warwick, through Studley9 to a street called Digbethy in the town of Birmingham.

Cap. 78. for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of so much of two acts, made in the twelfth year of the reign of George the First, and in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road from Spittlegatt Wily near Grantham, in the county or Lincoln, to Little Draytont in the county of Nottingham, as relates to the road leading from Fofion Bridge, in the county of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in thp minty of Nottingham.

Cap. 79. For continuing and enlarging the term and powers >ffo much of an act made in the thirty second year of the reign A his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads from Grantham in the county of Lincobty hrough Batteiford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridgiy md from Chappel Bary near the west end of the town of Nottingham, to Saint Afarfs Bridge, in the town of Derby; and rom the guide-post in the parish of Lenton, to Sawlcy Ferry; as slates to the road leading from Grantham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge.

Cap. 80. For enlarging the term and powers granted by ait id or the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for sreding and building two new churches, and providing burial daces, in the town and parish of Liverpoole, in the county pasture of Lancaster.

Cap. 81. For repairing and widening the road from the urnpike road at Hatton, near the borough of Warwick, through King's Norton, in the county of Worcester; and to the upper: nd of Gannow Green, in the parish of Bhromfgrove, and to the Bill Inn, in the parish of Bell Broughton, in the said county of Worcester- 1.

Cap. 82. To explain, alter, and amend, an act for repairing ind widening several roads leading from between the second and bird mile (tones on the turnpike road between the town and aunty of Poole and Wtnborn Minster, in the county of Dorset, o Bratton Corner, in the county of Somerset 5 and for repairing tnd widening the road from the turnpike road in Brainfton, tp linear a house called Fontlerofs Farm House, in the county of

Cap. 83. 'For repairing and widening the read from Shaddoq

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Gate, near Carls fie, to the present turnpike road at Mulafide j and from a place in the said turnpike road, between Binfey Mires' and North Raw Gate, to join the turnpike road at in the county of Cumberland.

Cap. 84. For repairing the roada from Tunbridge Wells, In the county of Kent, to Swifts in the parish of Etching-bum 5 and from Front to Pojfingworth Great Weed, adjoining to the turnpike road there, leading to in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 85. For paving the street* and other places in that part of the parish of saint Botolph Aldgate which lies in the county of Middlesex, and part of a (beet called Eaff Southfield in the precinct of Saint Catherinej and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the same, and preventing obstructions and annoyances therein.

Cap. 86. For repairing, widening, and keeping In repair, the road leading from the high road between Bromley 2nd in the county of Kent, to Beggar's Bush, in the turnpike road leading from Tunbridge Wells to, in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 87. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the dxteenth and seventeenth years of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for making divers rivers or etberwi/e passable, for beats, bargand other vessels, so far as

the same relates to the river It, running from through Winchester, to the sea, near and for better regulating the said navigation.

Cap. 88. To continue and render more effectual several acts of parliament for repairing the highways from that part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the parish of in the county of Middlesex, leading through the towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the powder mills, in the road to Staines; and to Cranford Bridge, in the said county, in the road to; and for repairing, turning, or altering, the highway leading from, the said road, at or near the end of Sion, to the town of

JJleworth, in the said county, and from thence to a gate on the south side of Tedington Field; and also the highway leading out of the said great road, near Smallberry Green turnpike, to a house known by the sign of The George, in the town of IJUworth aforesaid; and for lighting and watering part of the said highways.

Cap. 89. To repair and widen the road from to

the town of Bridlington, in the east riding of the county of

Sip. 90. For continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or a part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and bear which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the town of Burrowstounness and liberties thereof, in the county of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the parish of Buirowfiounne/s; for repairing the harbour of the said town, and for othpr purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 91. For repairing and widening the road from the brick kilns of Bast hUHUgIff 4th, to the turnpike ro?d on Peptbury

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Green, and from Brand Bridget to the Four Wents, near Matfield Green, in the county of Kent,

Cap. 92. To repair apd widen the road from in

the county of Salop, to the turnpike road between, in

the county of Chester, and Nepucastle under j and front ffin-

fittk to Nantwich aforesaid.

Cap. 93. For making navigable the river lire, front its jupc-tion with the riv.er Swale, to the borough of Ripen, in the county, of Tori.

Cap. 94. For enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for repairing ibe road from Don caster, through (be parish Pcnirton, in the county of York, to Salter's Brook, in the county of

Chester, end also the road from Rotherham, in the said county of, York, to Hartcliffe Hill, in the said parish of Peninon; and for makipa the said act more effectual, so far as the same relates to the £*ia road between Rotbtrbom and Hartcliffe Hill.

Cap. 95. For making navigable a brook called Coibeck, from the river Swale, to the borough of in the county of York.

Cap. 96. For making navigable the river Ouze, from below Widdington Ings, at or near Linton, to the junction of the rivers Swale and Urt; and for making navigable the said river, from the said junction to Morton, and also the brook running from Bedale, into the river Swale, in the county of York.

Cap. 97. For improving the navigation of the river Hull and Frodingham Bed, from Ate Beck Mouth, to the clough on the cast comer of Ftjbbolnu; and for extending the said navigation from the said dough, into or near the town of Gptat fri the east riding of the county of York.

Cap. 98. For the more effectual draining the lands lying in the level of Ancbobne, in the county of Lincoln, and maxing the the river Antbolme navigable from the river Humber, at or near a place called Ferraby Sluice, in the county of Lincoln, to the town of Glamfori Briggs; and for continuing the said navigation up or near to the said river, from thence to Bishop in the said county of Lincoln.

Cap. 99. For establishing and well-governing a general hospital to be called Addenbrooie'shospital in the town of Cambridge.

Cap. 100. To amend an act made in the fifth year of his present Majesty, for amending the road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March to Wisbech Saint Peter's; and from thence to Tide Gate in the isle of Ely; and from Wisbech aforesaid, through Outwell to Downbam Bridge, in the county of Norfolk-, and for repealing the several acts for repairing the said road between Wisbech and March; and also for charging certain jands in Waldersea, and on Wisbech South Side, towards the repairs of the Waldersea and South Side which, before the passing of the said act, were liable to such repairs.

Cap. 101. To continue and render more effectual several acts of parliament, for repairing the roads in the parishes of firnfing-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ton, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other parishes therein mentioned, in the county of Middlesex; and for lighting and watering tho-said roads; and for paving the street and highway and footways in Kenfngton; and for lighting and watching the same, and the courts and alleys adjoining thereto.

Cap. 102. To continue and render more effectual three acts. for repairing the highways between Tyburn and in the

county of Middlesex-, and for amending the road leading from'

Brent bridge over Hanwetl heath, through the parishes of Hartwell New Brentford, and Ealing, to the great western road, in the

laid county and for lighting, watching, and watering the highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits.

Cap. 103. For repairing and widening the road leading from the turnpike road in the town of Tenterien to and over Bull Green, and to and through the town of Great Chart to a house known by the lign of the Ca/lle- at the entrance of the town of Ashford, in the county of Kent; and also the road leading from Bull Green aforesaid to Hothfield Heath; and also the road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through High, to Dajbmandtn in the

parish of Biddenden, in the said county of Kent.

Cap. 104. For repairing and widening the road from Marchwie! in the county of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbury and Han-mcr, in the cowry of Flint, to a heuse in the pojftfpon of Thomas I Jenks, in Dodington, in the parish of Whitchurch, in the \ county of Salop, and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the county of Chester, and from Redbrook to Hampton in the said county of Salop.

Cap. 105. To enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the twenty ninth year of King George the Second, for making a road from the east side of the parish of Saint Matthew. Bethnal Green, in the county of Middlesex, to the east end ^Church-street, and ireptu a way into Shoreditch, and for repairings paving, and regulating, Old Cock-lane, New Cock lane, Church-street, and the road 1 on the weji side of the opening into Shoreditch, and for removing nuisances and obstructions therefrom, and preventing the same for the future.

Cap. 106. For repairing and widening several roads in the county of Ayr.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN act to enable the right honourable James Oswald, the... jr\ right honourable James Grenville, and the right honouri able JJaac Barre, to take, in Great Britain, the oath of office, as vice treasurer, apd receiver general, and paymaster general, of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

2. An act for naturalizing Mary Anne Ainelit

3. An act for naturalizing Chftfliaiu.Fan Tnlingen.

4. An act for naturalizing LewiAgdjfa jmt Samuel Schutt,

A.TABLE of the STATUTES.

Philip David Kraut er^Joshua Rougemont, Ferdinand De Meerre9 and Christian Godfrey Klein.

5. An act for making more effectual an act passed in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for vejling part of the settled estates of Samuel Daihwood esquire, in trustees3 fur raising money to pay debts and incumbrances, and for providing an equivalent or compensation for the same, to the issue inheritable under his marriage settle went.

6. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, and other commonable grounds, in the parish of Kencott9 in the county of Oxford\

7. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands, lying within the manor of ChestertQn9 in the county of Oxford.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, and commonable lands, in the parish of Sandford, in the county of Oxford.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain common moor, called Carlisle and Cummerfdale Moor, in the county of Cumberland.

10. An act for dividing and inclosing Holton Green, and foe disposing of other grounds, within the township of Holton East9 in the parish of Siipton^ in the county of York.

11. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, such part of certain commons and waste grounds, c?Ued Bentham Mooras Keth within the manor of Ingleton9 in the west riding of the county of York.

12. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common painires, common grounds, lanes, and waste grounds, within the manor and parish of 0ld9 otherwise Would, in the county of Northampton.

13. An act for dividing and inclosing several commons or waste grounds, within the manor of Gborky, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

14. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and waste grounds, and also the marih and fenny grounds, in the manor and parish of Yaxley, in the county of Huntingdon.

15. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Scott esquire, with Jane Scott his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned,

16. An act to enable Sir Thomas Delves baronet, and his heirs male, to take the name of Broughton.

17. An act to enable Thomas Hotcbkis, to take the surname and arms of Lit tier y pursuant to the will of Thomas Littler defeated.

f8. An act to enable Sarah Aylon spinster, to take and use the furnatne and arms of Tyrrell.

19. An act for naturalizing John Rodolph Valltravers.

20. An act for naturalizing Crifloffel Van Denbtrgh9 an infant,

5 21,

A TABLE of the Sf ATOTE&

21. An act for naturalizing SMhndrot.

22. An act for naturalizing Nicolas Francis Beckman.

23. An act for naturalizing Theodore Van an infant;

24. An act for naturalising John Lewis y and

Amable Do ft.

25. An act for vesting the estate of Lucy DigbtoHi ad

infant, in the parish. of Shetbom, in the county of, id trustees, to be sold j and far applying the purchase money for discharging incumbrances affecting the filthe, pursuant to the directions of the court of chancery.

26. An act to enable the devisees for life, named in the will

of Pierce Starkie esquire, deceased, and the trustees, to cut down and fell timber upon the freehold and copyhold or customary estates, late of the said Pierce S', in the counties of and LancaJitr, and to grant leases of the quarries, mines, and

minerals, within the freehold estates late of the said Pierce

Starkie, in the same counties; and to invest the monies arising therefrom, in the purchase of lands and hereditaments* to be settled to the uses of the said will.

27. An act for annexing the redory of Purleigh, in the county of Essex, to the office of provost of the house of the blessed Mary tie Virgin, in Oxford, commonly called Oriel, of the foundation of Edward the Second, of famous memory, fomedme King of England.

28. An act for veftidgiin the dean and chapter of, a

certain piece of grounds adjoining to the town of South,

in the county palatine of Durham; and for making an adequate compensation to the curate of the chapel of Saint, in the said county, and his successors, for the same; and for enabling the said dean and chapter, to remove the fairs and markets, out of the town of South Shields, and to cause the lame to be held on the said piece of ground.

20. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and commonable places, within the parish of, and manors of Bibury Offhey, and Bibury, and the hamlet or vill of Arlington, all in the said parish of Bibury, in the county of Gloucester.

30. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

field, common meadows, common panures, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the township and liberties of Cofgrave, in the county of Northam, (exclusive of Browns wood Green, and Kenfon Field, in the pariln of, in the

laid county.

31. An act for dividing and indoling the several open fields* meadows, and pasture grounds, within the manor and township of Nun Monkton, in the west riding of the county of

32. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open and common*fields, and commonable lands, within the parish of

Qlney, in the county of Bucks.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing several lands and grounds,

in the parish of South Burton, otherwise Bishop, in the call

riding of the county of York, 34. An

a Table of &<* Statutes.

34. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, mea-ovs, common pastures, and all other commonable lands with*

3 the liberties of Ruddington, in the county of Nottingham.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common das, common meadows, and commonable lands, within the amkts or townships of Wixford, Exball, Kings-Broom, and Burnts Broom, in the county of Warwick.

36. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fidds, met* lows, common pastures, and commonable lands, lying south of he turnpike road, leading from Nottingham to Alfreton, within he liberties and townships of Lcnton aim Radford, in the county d Nottingham.

37. An act for the more effectual draining and preferring certain fen lands, and low grounds, in the hamlet of Benwick, in fee parish of DoeUington, Whittleft], Ramsey, and Farut, in the Ift of Elf, and counties of Cambridge and Huntingdon.

3$. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open and eommon fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, in the parish of Cubbington, in the county of Warwick.

39. An act for inclosing, allotting, and dividing, the commons am waste grounds, open common fields, and open common neadow grounds, in the manor of the Leigh, in the parish of Jffm Keysets, in the county of Wilts.

40. An act for draining and preserving certain low-grounds, in the parishes of AdUngfleet and Whitgift, in the west riding of feeeounty of fork.

41. An act to enable Richard Bennet esquire, and his issue, to take and bear the fumame and arms of Coffin, pursuant to the31 of Richard Coffin esquire, deceased.

4s. An act to enable Thomas Wilis esquire (latdy called Thoms Swettenbam) and his issue, to take, use, and bear, the surname and arms of Willis, pursuant to the will of Daniel Wittis esquire, deceased.

43. An act for naturalising Leonard Meyer and Lewis Giles.

44. An act for confirming a contract of lease of mines between Charles duke of Queensberry and Dover, of the one part, and Pa-nick Crawfurdframes Crawsurd, and Gilbert Meafon, of the ether part; and for enabling the said duke, and his heirs of entail, to grant leases in terms of the said contract.

45. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain common, call-si The Tarn Moor, in the township of Skipton, in the west riding afibe county of York j and for applying the produce thereof towards the relief of the poor of the said township.

46. An act for dividing, inclosing, and draining a parcel of me ground, or common, called Bishop Soil, in the several pa-act» of Howdtn and Eaflrington, and in the parish or parochial dfepelry of Blacktoft, in the east riding of the county of York.

47. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, citaMaons, moor, or waste grounds, within the manors of North

and Tadrnek, in the county of York.

4S. An act for dividing and inclosing the common waft*

A TABLE of the STATUTE'S.

grounds and fandhills, called Layton Hawes, within thi manor of Layton, in the parishes of Poulton and Bifpham, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

49. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open fields, meadows, and (tinted pastures, in the parish of Carmn in Lin* drick, in the county of Nottingham.

50. An act for dividing and inclosing the opetf fields, and commonable places in Copy and Littlithorpi, in the parish of Cojby, in the county of Leicester.

51. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, common pastures, and parcels of land and grounds, within the manor and township of Huggate, in the east riding of the couffly of York.

52. An act to enable John Bowes earl of Strathmore and borne, and Mary Eleanore Bowes, countess of Strathmore and Kinghome, his wife, the daughter and only child of George Bowes esquire, deceased, to take and use the surname of Bowes only, pursuant to his will, and the settlement executed previous to the marriage of the said earl and countess.

53. An act to vacate an agreement made the tenth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, between the most noble William late duke of Portland, deceased, and Margaret Cavendijhe dutchess of Portland, then his wife* but now his widow, and the right honourable Thomas lord Foley, also deceased, concerning a building lease to be granted to the said lord Foley, of a parcel of land, in the parish of Marybone, in the county of Middlesex; and to establish and render effednal another agreement, dated the thirtieth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, concerning the premises.

54. An act to enable Henry duke of Bualeugh, a minor* to make a settlement on his intended marriage with the lady Elizabeth Montagu.

55. An act for exchanging part of the settled estates of IPit* loughby tarl of Abingdon, in the county of IVtks, for another estate of greater value, in the county of Berks, to be settled in lieu thereof, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

56. An act for vesting part of the estate of Sir Nigel Grefiey, baronet, in the county of Stafford, in trustees to be sold, to raise money for the payment of debts, and other purposes therein mentioned.

57. An act for vesting several undivided estates, late of John Bennett esquire deceased, and Atm Spencer widow, in the counties of Surry, Kent, and Middlesex, in trustees, in order to effect a partition between the said Ann Spencer and the devisees named in the will of the said John Bennett.

58. An act for confirming a lease, or grant, made by the

honourable Louisa Barbara Manfell, foie daughter and heir of the right honourable Bujfy lord Man fell deceased (now the honourable Louisa Barbara Vernon) wife of the honourable George Venables Vernon) to Chauncy Townsend esquire, for certain purposes therein expressed, or to grant a new. lease thereof.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

59. An act for veftingpart of the estates, in the county-pa-Jptinejof LantafUr, settled upon the marriage of Fleetwood Htt-

keth esquire, with Frances his wife, in trustees to be sold; and for applying the money arising from such sale in the paying off divers debts and incumbrances affecting the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and also for substituting, in lieu thereof, a certain estate in the said county called, lately purchased by the hud Fleetwood

60.An act for vesting part of the.estate of John Talbot the younger esquire, settled on his marriage, in trustees, for raising g further fumiofmoney, for discharging debts and incumbrances.

61. An act for dividing and inclosing several open and common Adds, meadows, and commonable grounds, within the manor and parish of Newton, in the county of Lincoln.

62. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, meadows, common fens, and other commonable placet, within fhepgstth of Dtmngtan, in the county of and for draining and improving the same.

A3. An act tfor.dividing and inclosing certain open lands and grounds, in the parish of Wootton, in the county of Lincoln.

64. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open arable

fields, moors* and commons, in the parishes of and

Woodall, intbe.county of Lincoln.

65. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open common fields, anduuinclosed meadows, in the parish of, in the county of Lntofttr.

66. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, common grounds, waste grounds, and commonable lands, within the manor, parish and liberties of

Shalstone, in the county of Buds.

67. An act to enable John Fleming esquire, lately called John WiUis, and his issue, to take and use the surname and arms of Fleming only, pursuant to a settlement made by Richard Fleming esquire, deceased.

68. Angdrfor discharging divers.manors, redory, messuages,

lands, and hereditaments, part of the estate of the right honourable Richard, carl of Scarborough, by him settled on his marriage

with the right honourable Barbara countess of, from the uses and trusts of the said settlement, and for settling other manors, lands, and tenements, of greater value, in lieu thereof, to the like uses.

69. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Sir John Dixon Dyke baronet, lying in the counties of, Suffix, and

/Cent, in trustees, in trutt to be sold for raising money to discharge a mortgage debt, attesting other parts of the said settled estates.

70. An act for vesting divers leasehold houses, late of Hay* dock Util deceased, in trustees, to be sold, and converted into money, to be applied, together with other part of his personal estate, for the benefit of his children intituled to the same, by

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

virtue of his will; and for confirming a fate, leases, and eon-tract, made by his widow and executrix, of other parts of his estate, for the benefit of his said children.

71. An act for sale of the real estate of Tmkinson Cooper, and Ann his wife, and for laying out the money, arising from such sale, in the purchase of other lands, and hereditaments, for the benefit of the said Tomkinson Cooper, and Ann his wife.

72. An act for vesting divers lands and hereditaments in the parUh of Hilborough, in the county of Norfolk, the estate of Deborah Buntings the widow and relict of Edward Bunting clerk, deceased, and Edward Bunting her infant son, by the said Edward Bunting clerk, in trustees, to convey the 4ame to Ralph Cauldwell esquire, and his heirs, and for securing the money to be paid, for the same.

73. An act for sale of part of the settled ettates of Matthew Henry Wttham esquire, in the county of York, for the discharging the debts and incumbrances thereon, and for other purposes therein expressed.

74. An act to impower the high court of Chancery, to Order so much of the personal estate of George Mtnchin deceased, as i)Ow stands in the name of the accountant general of the said court to be transferred and paid to Paul Mtnchin and Henrietta Minikin, the only children of the said George Mtnchin, without their giving any security to refund the same;

75. An act for vesting an undivided third part of certain manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate and being in the city of London and in the counties of Oxford and Bucks, heretofore the estate of Susannah Letten widow, deceased, in certain trustees, and their heirs, in trust, to be sold; and for paying and applying the money, to arise by the sale thereof, in the manner therein mentioned.

76. An act to impower Richard*Rycroft clerk, and his issue, claiming under his marriage settlement, to grant leases of houses and grounds, in Clarges Street, in the county of Middlesex.

77. An act for vesting several undivided moieties, and other parts, shares, hereditaments, and premises, being part of the estate of John Bond esquire, and Mary his wife, in trustees, to be sold, discharged of the uses of their marriage settlement, and investing the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the uses of the same settlement.

78. An act for vesting a messuage, and divers lands, with the appurtenances, in the county of Hertford, part of the estate comprised in the marriage settlement of Fane William Sharpe esquire, in trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing other lands and tenements, to be settled to the like uses.

79. An act for carrying into execution certain articles of agreement, entered into by George Pitt esquire, and his tenants, of the manor of Kingston, and John Pitt esquire, and by the said George Pitt, and John Pitt, for the exchange of lands, in Purbeck, in the county of Dorset.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

80. An act for exonerating part of the estate, late of Thomas Bede gentleman, deceased, charged with an annuity, or clear yearly relit of one hundred pounds, of and from the payment of the said relit; and for substituting and making liable to the payment thereof, other part, of the estate of the said Thomas Bedij of equal value.

81. An act for vesting divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Norfolk, deviled by the wills of John Woodcock and Mary Platfoot deceased, in Matthew Pepper Man-Iy, and his heirs; and for settling other lands and hereditaments, in the liune.county, in lieu thereof, to the uses therein mentioned.

8a. An act for sale of divers freehold and copyhold lands and tenements, in the parish of Sunbury, in the county of Middlesex, and of certain copyhold lands in the parish of Hampton, in the said county, part of the estate of John OJbome deceased, unto, the right honourable George earl of Pomfrety pursuant to an agreement; and to apply the purchase-money in discharging the debts and incumbrances affecting the said estate; and for ocher purposes therein mentioned.

83. An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance, in fee-ample, of divers manors, lanas, and hereditaments, in the county of York* demised to Constantine Phipps esquire, by letters patent, under the seal of his Majesty's court of Exchequer, unto the said Constantine Phipps^ and Constantine John Phipps, his eldest son, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the same.

84. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and waste grounds, in the manor and parish of Artbingworthy in the county of Northampton.

85. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common, within the manor of Distington in the county of Cumberland.

86. An act for dividing and inclosing the open commons, within the manor of Henfingham, in the county of Cumberland.

87. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open common fields and meadows, in the parish of East Barkwithy in the county of Lincoln.

88. An act for dividing and inclosing the open commons, in the manor of Shapy in the county of Westmortand.

89. An act for dividing and inclosing the open commons, in the manor of Reagilly in the county of WestmortandI

90. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, and waste grounds, in the parish of Farndony in the county of Nottingham.

91. An act for dividing and inclosing certain lands, grounds, and commons, in the several town ships of Acting fluty Foderby, gnd Haldenbjy in the west riding of the county of York.

92. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common field*) commonable lands, and waste* grounds, of and in the parish of WiUerfey> jit the county of Gumcester.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

93. An act for dividing a ad inclosing the common and feve-cal jwofte grounds, within the manor and parish of CoftU iky, in.tjhe county ofiCumberland.

94. An act for dividing and inclosing the common, and feve-dod wide grounds, within the manor and parish of tar, in the county of Cumberland.

95. An act for naturalizing Jvbn and George Wolf.

96. An act for naturalising XS

97. An act for vesting fevers! lands and tenements, settled and emailed upon William earl of Radnor, and his Hfiie, by the wills of Jacob., late viscount F and Sir Edward Dtf

Btuverie baronet, deceased, in trustees, to be sold; and for ipurchafing and settling other lands and hereditaments in lieu thereof; and to importer the tenants for life to make such feats os arc therein mentioned.

98. An act for confirming a partition between the reverend Erafimu SoundersAo&atin divinity, and Mary hie wife, and jBatmul Roycroft, the younger, esquire, and Ann his wife, offc-ateral ettates in the county of Linco, and -for vetting and settling the same, to the uses, and on the trails, contained in their rel-pedive marriage settlements, with respcd -to such estate*; and far other the purposes thtrain mentioned.

09. Anad for vetting the undivided parte of sevend manors, -messuages, doles, lands, tenements, tolls, and other hereditaments, in the counties of Leieo/ier and Northampton, devised by Ahewillaf John Coganisurgeon, daceased, in.trustees, to be sold; and for applying the money arising by such sale, in the purchase .«f other lanaa, tenements, and hereditaments, to be settled to the uses contained, in thefoidwill,

too. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of Williamfonesquire, in trustees, to be sold; and for applying-the money arising by such sale, for mmburfing the said Richard Williamson the ex peaces be has been at in improving the bid estate, and other purposes therein mentioned.

101. An act for vesting part of the settled -estate of Booth esquire, and Jane his wife, in the county of Salop, in'Arustees, to be sold; and for laying out the money arising - from such sale, in the purchase of lands and hereditaments, to be Cat-.tied to the like uses.

102. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of William ido/kins esquire, deceased, in the counties of and Kent, in trustees, to be sold, for discharging money-due upon a mortgage of his estate in Kent, tailed HrtbtndenFarm, and other debts and incumbrances; and for settling the said estate called Httbendtn Farm so disincumbered, to and for the uses and pur-iposes therein mentioned.

103. An act for sale of divers messuages, forms, lands, and tenements, in the county of Effix, intailed -by the will of doctor 9ohnBomber deceased; and for laying ent-the money -arising by such foie, in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments, to be settled, in Jicu thereof; (o thplike ufea.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

104. An act for vesting divers lands and hereditaments, in the counties of Suffix, Surry, and, part of the settled eft ate of John Wider esquire, in him, his heirs, executors, and administrators; and for settling the manor of, alias Knapp* and divers lands and hereditaments, in the county of Sussex* being the estate of the said John W, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

105. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of William Poyntz esquire, in trustees, to be sold, for discharging the incumbrances aneding the same; and for applying the remainder of the money thereby raised, in the purchase of other lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be settled to the uses to which the said estates stood settled; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

106. An act for vesting the settled estates of Susanna widow, in the counties of Kent and Stiffen, in trustees, to ba fold; and for securing the monies, to be paid for the same, upon the trails, and for the purposes in the ad mentioned.

107. An act for dividing and inclosing a parcel of ground, called Broyle Park, within the manor of in the county of Sussex.

108. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fidds, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Scamblesby, in the county of

109. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the whole year lands and pasture grounds, half year inclosures, common fields, and common or heath ground, in the parish of Shern-born, in the county of Norfolk.

110. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open and common fidds, common meadows, paitures, and commons, within the manor and lordship or parish of Great, in the county of Northampton.

in. An act for inclosing a piece of waste ground, in the borough and township of Kirby io Kendal, for the benefit of the poor; and for deanfing and enlightening the streets of the said town; and for confirming a rule or order of assise, and order of the high court of Chancery, relating to the rates and assessments to be raised for relief of the poor, by the inhabitants of the said township, and the owners of lands called the Park and Castle Lands.

112. An act for dividing a certain fen, called The Haute Hun-Ire, Eight Hundred or Holland Fen, and certain other common-able places adjoining thereto, in the parts of Holland, in the county of Lincoln.

113. An act to amend, and render more effectual, so much of an act, made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the draining and working certain coal mines, in the manor of Wilnecote, in the county of Warwick.

114. An act to enable Joseph Copley esquire, (lately called Jo-

A TABLE of thtf STATUTES.

fipb Mtjlt) and his UTue, to take* and bear* the surname and arms of Cepky, pursuant to the will of Lionet Cepkj esquire, deaeased.

115. An id for Naturalizing Himtieyman. xxo. An act for vesting'part of the cfatoe of duke of Sahtf Allans, in trailers, for raising money to pay debts} and for

Other pnrptifes therein mentioned.

117. An act for natundlzing Sophia Magtakn Lrnatk, an infant.

The End of the TABLE

ANNO REGNI

GEORG I I III.

REGIS

Magna Britannia, Francia, it Hibernia,

SEPTIMO

At the Parliament begun and holden at the

Nineteenth day of May, Anno Dom. 1761, in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith,

And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the Eleventh day of November, 17 66, being the Sixth Session of the twelfth Parliament of Great Britain.

I

THE

STATUTES at Large, £$V.

Septimo GEORGII III. Regis.

CAP. I.

f to continue an act made in the fifth year of the reign his present Majesty, intituled An act for importation

salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter* from Ireland^ a limited time.

WHEREAS anafl of parliament passei in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for Preamble, relation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ire-for a limited time; which was to continue in forte for5 months from the commencement thereof; which fata alt was, ther act passed in the last session of parliament, further -

from the expiration thereof, until the first day of February, ufatid seven hundred and sixty seven, is near expiring: and is the allowing the importation of faked beef, pork, bacon, and from Ireland, for a further time, may be of great advan-> both kingdoms: may it therefore please your Majesty, maybeenacted; and be it enacted by the King's tnoft ex-: majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords al and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia- jflembled, and by the authority of the same, That the ft, and all and every the dauses, provisions, penalties, ures, allowances, drawbacks, matters, and things, therein ^rinuedu* ned, shall be further continued from the expiration, Feb. 176s. f; until the first day of February, one thousand seven ed and sixty eight, as fully and effectually, to all intents urposes, as if- the same were inserted and re-enacted in dy of this present act.

CAP. II.

To amend so much of an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing certain duties in the British colonies and plantations, granted by several acts of parliament; and also the duties imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament upon certain East India goods exported from Great Britain; and for granting other duties instead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and securing, several branches of the trade of this kingdom, and the British dominions in America, as relates to the exportation of non-enumerated goods from the British colonies in America.

304 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 2, 3. [1766.

several branches of the trade of this kingdom, and the British dominions in America* as relates to the exportation of non-enumerated goods from tbt British colonies in America.

Preamble, re-

WHEREAS by on aft mode in the last session of parliament* citing clause intituled An act for repealing certain duties, in the inadt6 British colonies and plantations, granted by several acts of parliament; and also the duties imposed by an act made in the last session of parliament upon certain Eojl India goods exported from Great Britain \ and for granting other duties instead thereof* and for encouraging, regulating, and securing, several branches of the trade of this kingdom, and the Bnttfh dominions in America; it is* amongst other things* enacted, That bond and security* in the penalties in the said recited act mentioned*Jbeil be given to the colie stor or other principal officer of the customs* at any port or place in any of the British American colonies or plantations, with one surety besides the master of every ship or vessel that shall lade or take on board there any non-enumtrated goods* with condition, that such goods shall not be landed at any part of Europe to the northward of Cape Finisterre, except in Great Britain: and where* as Ireland Should have been excepted in the said act as well as Great Britain: be it therefore enacted and declared by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-Non pnume- liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That any rated goods, non-enumerated goods laden as foresaid, in any British Amen BritM Ame-an colony or plantation, may be landed in Ireland and that fican colony, the said recited act, and all the regulations therein contained, may be land- so far as the same relate to the bond and security for landing cd in Ireland. such non-enumerated goods in Great Britain* shall extend, and

The recited con^ruec^to extencU to Ireland also, as fully and effectually a&Cfcffar as to a^ intcnts and purposes as if Ireland had been excepted and it relates to named in the said act*and that any bond which may have been the bond quid entered into in pursuance of the said recited act, not to land iecanty for any non-enumerated goods in any part of Europe to the north-non-^nume- >^ar<* of CaP€ Finisterre* except in Great Britain* shall and may rated goods be cancelled and discharged by the like certificate under the |n Great Bri- hands and seals of the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs at any port in Ireland* testifying p re an, «c. f jjC ]anc)ing Gf such goods there, in the same manner as if the said goods had been landed in Great Britain; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. III.

An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of corn* grain* meal* malt* flour, bread* biscuit, and Jiarch*and also the extraction of low wines and Spirits from npbeat and wheat flour. fn*pbIp# WHEREAS the exportation of any fart of com* grain*

Vf jWwl} malt, flourx bread* biscuit* and starch* out of the

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 3. 305

ioms of Great Britain or Ireland, may^ at this time, he greatly idiciatto his Majesty> subjects; be it therefore enacted by the g's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and ent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the That no person or persons whatsoever shall, directly or No person rediy, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or pro- ftialfexport, to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of &c- a«y of theom the said kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland \ or load here^newtion-ay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on ed. from Great a, in any ship or other vessel, or boat, in order to be ex-Britain or Ire* cd or carried out of the said kingdoms of Great Britain orlaod» uid, any sort of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bif-, or (larch, under the penalties and forfeitures herein after ltioned; that is to say* That all the said commodities that on forfeiture 1 be so exported, shipped, or laid on board, or loaded to beot the same* arted, shipped, or carried out, contrary to this act, shall orfeited; and that every offender or offenders therein shall sit the sum of twenty shillings for every bushel of corn, and 101. per n, malt, meal, or flour; and twelve pence for every pound for all ght of bread, biscuit, or (larch; and so in proportion formalt* meal0* greater or less quantity which shall be so exported, shipped, amj flour*and >ut on board to be exported; and also the ship, boat, or d. per lb. el, upon which any of the said commodities shall be export-for ajl shipped, or laden to be exported, and all her guns, tackle, orlurchj arel, and furniture, shall be forfeited; and one moiety of all said penalties and forfeitures shall be to the King's majesty, and heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him or them vcl c*c* twill sue for the same; and for offences which shall be com-Inwhatcourts ted in that part of Great Britain called England, such penal-the and forfeitures shall be recovered by addon of debt, bill, so*ndrtint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record covered. Vejlminster, or before the justices of assize, or at the great fefi-is in Ivales, or by information, at any general quarter fef-is of the peace for the county, city, riding, division, or: e, where the offence shall be committed; and in such suit, essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed;

1 for offences which shall be committed in that part of Great tain called Scotland, by action or summary bill, or informa-1, in the courts of sessions or exchequer in Scotland; and for: nces which shall be committed in Ireland, in his Majesty's irts of record in Dublin, or at the general quarter session of peace for the county, city, or place, where the offence shall committed; and that the mailer andmariners^f any such ship, Mailer and it, or vessel, wherein any such offence might be committed, jwing such offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and uable

sting thereunto, and being thereof duly convicted in any to 3 month* h courts as aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for the space ofiraprisonment, ee months without bail or mainprize

[I. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Officer*, and tat it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or per-

X 3 Us

3o5 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 3." f 1766.

fens, being an officer or officers of the customs, or being lawfully authorized in this behalf by the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or the of of the treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, to take and seize all such of the said commodities, not allowed to be exported by this act, as he or they shall happen to find, know, or discover, to be laid on board any ship, or other vessel, or boat, at sea, or in any port, or in any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpose to tnw act 5 be transported, or conveyed, out of Great Brttainot

thf'vliffffi*1^Intend* contrary to the true intent of this act; and also the ship, vessel, or boat, in which the same shall be found; and to bring the said goods to the King's warehouse or ware-houses belonging to the customhouse next to the place where such seizures shall be made, or to some other safe place (where there are no such warehouses) in order to be proceeded against according to law; and in case of recovery, to be divided in manner as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein STlbmuchof contained, shall not extend to prohibit the exportation of such the said com- or so much of the said commodities, as shall be necessary to be modities, as carried in any ship or ships, or other vessel or vessels, in their lhatl be necef- respective voyages, for the sustenance, diet, and support, of iTfeorvefels ?he commanders, matters, mariners, passengers, or others, in their oy- in the same ships or vessels only; or for the victualling or pro-ages; viding any of his Majesty's ships of war, or other ships or vef-

orofhisMa- in his Majesty's service, or for his Majesty's forces, forts, jetty's ships of or garrisons; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-war, &c. withstandinc.

?rr^?orgar'

IV. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to prohibit any person or persons to

may seize any of the said commodities shipped, &c. contrary to the intent of this act; together the vessel.

The aoods to be lodged in the King's warehouses.

Prohibition not to extend

rifoni;

nor to such as ship or put on board any of the commodities aforesaid, to be shall be earn- carried coastwise; that is to say, from any port, creek, or mem-ed coastwise; ber of the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, to any other port, creek, or member of the same refeedively, having such or the like coast cocquet, or sufferance for that purpose, and such or security being the like sufficient security being first given for the landing and first given for discharging the same in some other port, member, or creek, of ine ttowf- kingdoms, and returning a certificate in six months,

s9as is required by law in cases where goods, which are liable to pay duties on exportation, are carried coastwise from one port of Great Britain to another, and not otherwise.

V. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to any of the said commodities which nor to such as shall be exported, or shipped to be exported, out of or from rtedfhwn Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, or Great Britain from Great Britain or Ireland, to Gibraltar or Minorca, or unto to Ireland; or any of his Majesty's islands or colonies in America, that have ufu-firom Ireland ally been supplied with any of the said commodities from Great to Great Bn- jjrj(a; n or Ireland, for the luftentation of the inhabitants of the GibraitarvMi. ft id i (lands, colonies, or dominions; or for the benefit of the aorca» or Bri- British fishery in those parts only; so as the exporter do, before

the

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c/3.1 -30.7

she shipping or laying on board die same, declare the istand, tUh colonic*, -colony, or dominion, iflsnds, colonies, or dominions, forin America^ -which the said commodities are respectively designed, and doaaShere'become bound with other sufficient Security in treble the value therej.'thereof, to the of or chief officer or officers of his Majesty's customs belonging to the port or place where the lame rivingftcuri-Shall be shipped or pm or board (who hath or havp hereby, for power to take such security in his Majesty's name, and to his landing, ire. Majesty's use) that such commodities shall not be Jbpded or fold '

in any parts whatsoever, other than the kingdoms, dominions,

' islands, -or colonies, for which the same shall be. so declared j

and that a certificate under the hand and fcai of tbs QeJlector, and returning comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs, or if no such a certificar*: of the naval officer, or of some other principal officer of the port where the same shall be landed, shall, within die respective times herein after for that purpose mentioned (the danger of the seas excepted) be returned to the officers who took the said bonds, that the said commodities have been landed at the port or place for which the same shall be lb declared; and for the taking of such security, and for giving such certificates (which tho rapedive officers aforesaid are hereby on demand required to give) no fee or reward shall be demanded or received j and if Officermakfng any officer shall make any fatfe certificate of any such commo-f*lfe "rtifi-dities being so landed, such officer shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and lose his employment, and be incapable incapacitated, of serving his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, in any office relating to the customs; and if any person shall counterfeit, other perfoft rafe, -or falsify, any such certificate, or knowingly publish any counterfeit-such counterfeited, rased, or false certificate, he shall forfeit the 'nS>&c. any sum of two hundred pounds, and such certificate shall be void and of no effect i which said penalties for offences committed in; n_

Great Britain or Ireland., shall be recovered in the same courts, court*" and in the (ante manner, as the other penalties inflicted by to be recover-) this act are recoverable; and for offences committed in the co-cd. ionics or plantations in America, or other the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain in, shall be recovered in the high court of admiralty, or in any chief court of Application civil or criminal jurisdiction, in such respective colonies, plan-h*rc°f-tations, or dominions} and shall be divided into equal moieties between his Majesty and the informer; and the said bond within 3 years.' or bonds, if not prosecuted within three years, shall be void.

VI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex- Prohibition tend to prohibit the exportation of beans to the British forts, not to extend castles, and factories in Africa, or for the use of the ships trading upon that coast, that usually have been supplied with the the British same, from Great Britain or Ireland; so as the like security be forts, in given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this act to Africa, &c. be given by persons carrying any of the said commodities to the British colonies in America.

VII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex-nor toyny of

tend to prohibit the united company of merchants of the fiU

X4 trading

got Anno septimo Georgii III.

[17#.

nudities extracting to the East Indies from exporting any of the said com-£0JdJy* modities to any of their fort*, factories, or settlemcati, for the Mmpany to iupP01'1 ofhe persons residing the re; so as the like security be theirfatt, &c. given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this act to be given by persons carrying any of the said commodities to the British colonies in America. nor to wheat,

VIII. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein con-

bade "bread ta'ne<*» not extend to any wheat flour, malt, barley, bifcu&or'bread, biscuit, or peas, to be transported out of, or from, the peife, from port of Southampton only, unto the islands of Jersey* Guernfejr, wathampton and Attorney* or any of them, for the only uie of the inhabi-G^dtants those islands; so as the exporter before the lading of

Ald»n^r)&c. ^uch commodities, or laying the same on board, do become* bouM with other sufficient security in treble the value thereof

(which the customer or comptroller of the lame port hath hereby power to take in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use, and for which security no fee or reward shall be given or taken) that such commodities shall be landed in the said islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, or one of them (the danger for the use of of leas only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants there, and the tiihabi- shall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatsoever, and ttntt°i"y>&c* to return the like certificates of the landing the same there, as are herein before required on the exportation of the uid commodities to the British colonies in America, and within the foMthequan time for that purpose herein after mentioned; and so as the tityexteednot quantity of wheat flour, malt, barley, bread, biscuit and pease, ^000 quarters which at any time or times after the passing of this act, and in the whole; before the time herein after limited, shall be ilv.pped at the said port for the said islands, or either of them as aforesaid, doth not exceed in the whole five thousand quarters; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. nor to wheat,

IX. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein con-barley, oats, tained, shall not extend to any wheat, barley, oats, meal, or meal, or flour, flour> to be transported out of or from the ports of Southampton sunptonorEx- or E*etir only, unto Ifl* of Man, for the only use of the cter to the Isle inhabitants ot that island; so as the exporter, before the lad-of Man, for ing of such wheat, barley, oats, meal, or flour, or laying the 5h °*the same on board, do become bound, with other sufficient securi-

ojflySJj* ty, in treble the value thereof (which the customer or comp- troller of either of the said ports respectively hath hereby power

to take in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use, for which security no fee or reward shall be given or taken) that such wheat, barley, oats, meal, or dour, shall be landed in the said Isle of Man (the dangers of the seas only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatsoever; and to return the like certificates of the landing the same there, as are by this act herein before required on the exportation of the said commodities to the British colonies in America, and within the time for that purpose herein mthe after mentioned; and so as the whole quantity of wheat, barley, quantity ex* oats, meal, and flour, which at any time or times after the

iy6&3 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 3.' .309

passing of this act, and before the time herein after limited, shall not*joo be shipped at both the said ports for the said Isle of Man, shall not quarter* in the exceed in the whole two thousand and five hundred quarters; one m0°ety to'be.moiety thereof to be exported from the said port of Southampton, ihipt from and the other moiety thereof to be exported from the said port of Southampton, Exeter; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith- and the other Handing. S1"

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Commission-. the commissioners of the customs for the time being shall, and ers of the ctu they are hereby required, to give a full and true account in writ- stoms to rc" ing, to both houses of parliament, at the beginning of the next*", "ta"0* femon thereof, of all corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bif- liament of all cuit, and (larch, that shall before that time be exported to any the com and place whatsoever by virtue or in pursuance of any of the liberties F*-or powers hereby given or granted for that purpose.^SportS.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Prohibition rity aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to not to extend any malt declared or made for exportation, and barley deeped and entered at the excise office, to be made into malt for expor- made for ex-tation, on or before the fifteenth day of November, one thousand portation^or seven hundred and sixty six, which shall be exported; provided to barley the proprietor or proprietors thereof shall produce to the collec- fkeped and for or chief officer of the port where such malt shall be exported, Not

a certificate or certificates, from the officer or officers with whom, 7$6> the entry of the corn intended to be made into such malt for exportation, shall have been made, that the said malt was actually declared or made for exportation, and the said barley deeped and '

entered at the excise office, to be made into malt for exportation, on or before the said fifteenth day of November; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Time* limited That all certificates of the landing and discharging of the said returning commodities to be exported, other than coastwise, shall be returned within the respective times following; that is to say, are taken, where the bonds are taken in respect of any of the said commodities to be exported from Great Britain or Ireland, to any of the said colonies or plantations in America % within eighteen calendar months after the date of such bonds; and where to Gibraltar or Minorca, within twelve calendar months after the date of such bonds 5 and where to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Alan, within six calendar months after the date of such bonds; and where from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, within six calendar months after the date of such bonds respectively.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority No drawback aforesaid, That no corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, bounty to or (larch, which shall be exported by virtue of this act, shall heof intitled to any of the bounties or drawbacks which are allowed modifies so and made payable on the exportation of such commodities, or exported.

any of them.

JilV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Prohibition

5 contained not!oc*

to nee,

3*0

The extraction of low^ wines or (pints from wheat or wheat flour prohibited.

under penalty of sool. and forfeiture of all the said commodities. Wheat and wheat flour found in any place where low wines and spirits are extracted, See. are forfeited

with yooI. by the per fan in whole pof-(eifion found

Officers of excite, See. authorized to inspect the materials from which low wines or spirits are to be extracted

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 3.

[176R

contained shall extend to prohibit the exportation of rice out of this kingdom.

XV. And whereas it is expedient that the extraction of low % trims or spirits from wheat or wheat flour Should he prohibited for a limited time; be it therefore farther enacted by the authority afonefatd, That no low wines or spirits whatsoever shall be made, extracted, or difliiled, within this kingdom, from any wheat or wheat flour: and if any difliller or maker of low wines or spirits, or any other person or persons whatsoever, shall make, extract, or drftiU, or cause or procure to be made, extracted, or diddled, any low wines or spirits from any wheat or wheat flour, or shall use or mix, or cause or procure to be used or mixed, any wheat or wheat flour in any worts or wash, in order for the making, extracting, or distilling, low wines or spirits, or shall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any tun, wash-batch, cask, copper, (till, or other vessel or utensil, any wheat or wheat flour far the purpose of preparing any worts or wash, or for making, extracting, or diddling, low wines or spirits, whether such tun, wash-batch, cask, copper, dill, or other vessel or utensil, hath or hath not been duly entered at the excise office; that then, and in each and every of the said cases, such difliller or maker of low wines or spirits, or other person or persons, acting contrary to the di-redions of this act, or the person or persons in whole custody or possession any such tun, wa(h-batch, cask, copper, dill, or other vessel or utensil, which shall be made use of contrary to the intention of this act, shall be found, shall respectively, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds, and all such wheat or wheat flour, and such worts and waft, low wines and spirits, shall be also forfeited.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any wheat or wheat flour shall be found in any work-house, dillhouse, dorehouse, warehouse, or any other place, wherein low wines or spirits, or worts or wash, shall be made, extracted, difliiled, or prepared, or where any low wines or spirits, or worts or wash, shall have been made, extracted, difliiled, or prepared, since the first day of October^ one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, all such wheat and wheat flour shall be forfeited; and the person or persons in whose possession such workhouse, dillhouse, dorehouse, warehouse, or place, shall be, shall, for every offence respectively, also forfeit and pay the fcm of one hundred pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons who shall be authorized for that purpose by the commissioners of excise for the time being, or any two or more of them, within the limits of the chief office of excise in Londofiy or by one or more justice or justices of the peace in any other part of Great Britain, at any time or times, with any officer of excise, to enter into any workhouse, dillhouse, dorehouse, warehouse, or any other place, wherein any low wines of spirits, or worts or wadi, shall be, or are suspected to be, made, extracted, difliiled, or prepared, or wherein low wines or spirits, or worts

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. p 31*

or wash, shall have been made, extracted, distilled, or prepared, since the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and shall have free admittance into the same, and may inspect all the materials, vessels, and 'utensils, therein contained, giving thereby as little interruption as may be to the business which is carrying on; and in case any officer of excise shall have reason to suspect that any wheat or wheat flour is mixed in any worts or wain, or in any other material or preparation, for making, extracting, or diddling, low wines or spirits, it shall and may be lawful for such officer, at any time or times during the and take fettr-said term, upon payment of two shillings and six pence, to take Plc, paying a sample, not exceeding two quarts, of any such worts or wash, for theme*material or preparation, which shall be found in any such house, or other place aforesaid; and in case any difiillef or maker cif Penalty of relow wines or spirits, or the owner or Occupier of any such house fofing admit-or place, or any workman or servant to any such distiller, owner,

or occupier belonging, shall refuse to admit such person or per- obstructing fons as shall be so authorized, or any officer of excise, into any him, is 100k such house or place; or shall obstruct or hinder any such officer, or person or persons, in making such inspectioft as aforesaid; or shall not allow any such officer to take such sample, after the said sum of two shillings and six pence shall be paid or tendered for the same, such distiller, owner, or occupier, shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds; and it shall be lawful for any such officer of excise, or Officer author-other person or persons authorized as aforesaid, having a war- by warrant for that purpose from any two or more of the commission* th?(Taid

ers of the excise, or any justice or justices respectively as afore- commodities, said, to seize, take, and carry away, all such wheat and wheat flour as shall be found in any such house or other place, together with all the ficks, bags, and other things, in which the said commodities shall be contained.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Distiller, fee. That if any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits for sale or not to have exportation, shall be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their nonihans custody or possession, or in the custody or possession of any per- ^hea^or0 son or persons in trust, or for the use or benefit of such distiller wheat flour or maker of low wines or spirits, more than five quarters of at one time, wheat or wheat flour at any one time, in any one or more place &c*

or places (not being a place or places for preparing, making, extracing, distilling, or keeping worts or wash, low wines, or spirits) every such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits shall, °j forfeiture for every such offence respectively, forfeit all such wheat and wheat flour exceeding the said quantity of five quarters; and also qtunerj the sum of five pounds for every quarter so forfeited.

XIX. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to in- except with flift the said last mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any di-yjpwtofuqh Hiller or maker of low wines or spirits, who shall be the actual

grower of wheat, and shall be possessed of any quantity of such growerl, fee* wheat grown by him or her in the straw, or after the same is threshed out, or separated from the straw; provided such wheat and who keep k shall not A*6 wheat.

distillers as are miliers,c.

In case of information, upon oath, before two

312 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 3. [1766.

after being shall not be kept in his or her possession, or in the possession of threihed out, any other person or persons in trust for him or her, or for a daysT ani°grcatcr space of time than twenty days after the same shall be and not in threflied or separated from the draw; and so as such wheat be places used for not kept in any place used for making, extracting, or distilling, distilling jow w; ncs or spirits, or for preparing or keeping worts or wafiL and alfe with.XX. Provided also, That this act shall not extend to inflict re^eftto such the said last mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any distiller .11 or maker of low wines or spirits, who practises the trade of a

miller, and who was possessed of, and worked any mill or mills for the grinding of wheat, on or before the first day of one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, for or upon account of any quantity of wheat or wheat flour, which shall, during the time herein after limited, be found in any such mill or mills \ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any officer or officers of excise, or any other person rawc iwV or at any time or times, have cause to suspect that

TOmi^ffioners any wheat or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of five quar-of excise, ters, shall be laid or kept in any such storehouse, warehouse, grainery, or other place or places, as aforesaid, belonging to any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; then, and in every such case, upon oath made by such officer or officers, or other person or persons, before the commissioners of excise for the time being respectively, ajustice of or any two or more of them, or before one or more justice or justices of the peace residing near the place where such officer or officers, or other person or persons, shall suspect the same to be powering the said and kept, setting forth the ground of his or their suspicion; officer, £c. to it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or £Xs &e- or justices of the peace respectively, before whom such of-belonging to cer 9r officers, or other person or persons, shall make oath as J!A?" aforesaid (if he or they shall judge it reasonable) by special warrant under his or their respective hands and seals, to authorize and im power such officer or officers, or other person or persons, authorized as aforesaid, by day or by night (but if in the night, then in the presence of a constable, or other lawful officer of the peace) to enter into all and every storehouse, warehouse, grainery, or other place or places, where he or they shall suspect that any wheat or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of five quarters as aforesaid, shall be laid or kept, belonging to any such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, and to seize, take, and carry away, all such wheat and wheat flour as he or they shall so find (over and above the said quantity of five quarters, together with all the sacks, bags, or other things, wherein the same shall be contained) and such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, or the person or persons in whose custody or possession such wheat or wheat wr «u aw fl°ur* belonging to such distiller, shall be found, shall, for eveTy that quantity, such offence respectively forfeit and pav the said penalty of five Ac, pounds for every Quarter exceeding the said quantity of five

quarters -9 and the bid officer or officers, and other person or persons,

peace, warrant to be granted im -- — the

distiller a.

and (eize all wheat and wheat flour exceeding 5 quarters, and distiller liable to pay sLarrqaarte for all above

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 3? $13

persons, is or are hereby impowered by such warrant, together with such other person or persons as he or they shall take to his or their assistance, to enter such storehouses, warehouses, graine-ries, and other place or places, and break open the doors thereof, in case they be not opened on demand.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Recovery and That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, and for application of the recovery and application whereof no other provision is herein ^nd*forfei^ before made, shall be sued for and recovered by action of debt, J£rcg bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of re- not othenrife cord in Westminster, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland; directed and that the court before whom the same shall "be recovered may and are hereby authorized (if they shall think fit) to mitigate all Penalties lia-or any of the pecuniary penalties herein before inflicted, to any b)e to sum not less than one fourth part of the sum herein respectively ^S*1* mentioned; and that one moiety of all such penalties and forfeitures when recovered, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same, or give information of, or discover the offence.

XXIII. Provided always, That all suits, prosecutions, or in- Limitation of

formations, for offences committed against this act, shall be com-pd -mcnced at i made within the space of six calendar months after o^newTa?^ the fa a is committed, and not otherways; any thing herein^contained to the contrary notwithstanding. aa.

XXIV. And whereas there have been contracts made by the difiil- Coi\tr^, r Urs with several persons for yeafi to be delivered and received at future times after the first day of October, one thousand seven hundred iere with yeal^ and sixty six 5 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, suspended That all contrails or bargains made by any distiller or distillers during the with any person or persons whatsoever, for any yeast to be. delivered at any time during the continuance of this act, shall be, and ° are hereby declared to be, suspended.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Lmaitotion of That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons, for any thing done irt pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within the space of four calendar months next after the offence shall be committed; and if such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give General Hue, this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act \ and if it shall appear so to have been clone, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants: and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared $ or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs. Treble celt* $nd have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law: and if such action

W

Vi

In Scotland full expence to be recovered.

Commencement and continuance of the several prohibition*.

Continuations liable to be abridged or varied, by any future aa of this session. The King ira-powered, after the said 10 Sept, and be* fore the next session, to prohibit, if expedient, the exportation of corn, See.

for any time, until 10 dayi after the next session.

- Prohibition not to extend to placet, or for any of the purposes al-wwwJby this act.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. f.

[1766.

or suit be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court, before whom such action or suit shall be brought, shall allow the defender to plead this act on his defence $ and if the pursuer shall not infill on his action, or if judgement shall be given against such pursuer, the defendant shall and may recover the full and real expences he may have been put to by any such action or suit.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such part of this act as prohibits the exportation of wheat and wheat dour, and the several clauses and provisions relating thereto, shall continue in force until the tenth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and that such part of this act as prohibits the exportation of barley and malt, and the several clauses and provisions relating thereto, shall commence from the fourteenth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and continue in force until the said tenth day of September; and that such part of this act as prohibits the exportation of any other corn, min, or flour, or of meal, bread, biscuit, and starch, and the several clauses and provisions relating thereto, shall commence from the passing of this act, and continue in force until the said tenth day of Sep-Umber; and that such part of this act as prohibits the extraction of low wines and spirits, from wheat, and wheat flour, and tht several clauses and provisions relating thereto, shall commence from the passing of this act, and continue in force until the said tenth day of September.

XXVII. Provided nevertheless, That the said continuations, or any of them, may be abridged or shortened; and this act, os any part thereof, may be altered and varied by any other ad os acts to be made in this present session of parliament.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at any time or times after the tenth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty sevenj and before the next session of parliament, it shall appear expedient to his Majesty to prohibit the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, or any of them* it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, from time to time, by his royal proclamation, to be issued by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his order in council to be pub-liftied in the London Gazette, from time to time to prohibit the exportation of com, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, or any of them, for any time or times, until twenty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall enable his Majesty to prohibit the exportation of any com, grain, meal, malt^ flour, bread, biscuit, or starch, to any of the places, or for any of the purposes, allowed by this act, provided the said com,

?[rain, meal, malt, flour, mad, biscuit, or starch, be exported ubjed to all the regulations and provisions prescribed by this act*

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 4, 5. $1

CAP. IV.

An act for allowing the importation of wheat and wheat flour from his Majesty's colonies in America into this kingdom* for a limited time, free of duty.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS * importation of wheat and wheat flour from his Majoflfs colonies in America r»/*Great Britain, will be

advantageous to this kingdom; may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King* most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-fant of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this nrefient parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any or his Majesty* vrtiett'flour filbjects to import into Great Britain, in any ship or vessel navi- allowed to be fated according to law, at any time or times before the first day impoitediroia-«f August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, any wheatny or wheat flour from any of his Majesty* colonics in ft

without the payment of any subsidy, custom, duty, or impositioarica, duty whatsoever; any thing, in any former or other act or acts of par- free, at any liameat to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. dme before^II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- jjntnf'to biT" rity aforesaid, That a due entry shall be made, in such manner made thereof ana'form as were used or practised before the making of this at thp port ad, of all wheat and wheat flour which shall be imported or °/importa-brought into this kingdom, by Virtue of this act, before the saidtl0D i first dav of August, at tha custotn-houfie belonging to the port

ipto which the same shall be imported or brought in.; or other- ?lh5r?Jfe?° wife, in default of making such entry, such wheat and Wheat pL dutyi° flour shall be liable and subject to such and the same duties as^were payable upon the importation thereof before the making of this act; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: and such wheat and wheat flour may be carried coast- com*

wife, under such regulations as wheat and wheat flour of the e growth of this kingdom are now allowed to be carried coastwise, coastwise. at all times before the said first day of August,

CAP. V.

An act for allowing the importation of wheat and wheat flour from any part of Europe into this kingdom, for a- limited time, free of duty.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the importation ef wheat and wheat flour from

any part of Europe into Great Britain, will be UU.to this kingdom; may it therefore.please your wflyxcelient '*

flfly that it may b/ enabled; and be it enacted by the King's most; excellent majesty, by and with the advice ana. consent of the lards spiritual and temporal, and: commons, in this, prefant pari uament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it wheat and -maR and may be lawcful to and for any person or persons what* wheat flour fOcv.cr tp import iato.Great Britain, many ship or vessel whatso- ?llowedtobe-at any time; or times before U*e first day of March, one l^ywt of*

thbuftnd Europe, duty

Jiff Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 6, yi [1766.

free, at any thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, any wheat or wheat flour i Marchi"rom any Part °fEurope, without the payment of any fuhfidy, 917 79 custom, duty, or imposition whatsoever 5 and may also be carried and may be coastwise, under such regulation as wheat and wheat flour of the carried coast- growth of this kingdom are now allowed to be carried coastwise, W1*c* at all times before the said first day of March; any thing in any

former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Entry to be

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-made thereof rfty aforesaid, That a due entry shall be made, in such manner the and form as were used or practised before the making of this

*0 a9ad, of all wheat and wheat flour which shall be imported or brought into this kingdom before the said first day of March, at the custom-house belonging to the port into which the same shall otherwise to be imported or brought in; or otherwise, in default of making be liable to such entry, such wheat and wheat flour shall be liable and sub-pay duty. je& to such an(j the same jutics as Were payable upon the importation thereof before the making of this act; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. VI.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thouund seven hundred and sixty seven.

CAP. VII.

An act for indemnifying such persons as have afttd for the service of the public, in advtfing or carrying into execution the order of council of the twenty sixth day of September lafi, for laying an embargo on allships laden with wheat or wheat flour, and for preventing suits in consequence of the faii embargo.

[Preamble.]

WH ERE A S his Majesty, by an order in council bearing date the twenty sixth day of September lajly was pleased to orier % That an embargo Should be laid upon all ships and vessels laden or to be laden, in the ports of Great Britain, with wheat or wheat flour tobe exported to foreign parts, from the date thereof until the fourteenth day of Novemberfollowing: which order could not be jufiified by law, but was so much for the service of the public, and so necessary for tie safety and preservation of his Majesty's subjects, that it ought to be justified by act of parliament; and all persons advtsing, or acting as* tier, or in obedience to, the same, indemnified: be it hereby enacted All^the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice o£doMor an<* coneni of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, prosecutiont in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the in England or same, That all personal actions and suits, indictments, informa-Scotland, by tiens, and all prosecutions and proceedings whatsoever, which adiioiie in'* ^avc been» or shall be, prosecuted or commenced against any pursuance of person or persons, for or by reason of any ad, matter, or things the recited or- advised, commanded, appointed, or done, in relation to the pre-derofcpuucils misses s or of any contract or agreement not performed by means

t7$6.) Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 8.

of, or ia obedience to, such order of council; be, are, and shall or contra

be, discharged and made void by virtue of this act: and that if 11

any action or suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any chwged; 1"

person or persons, for any such ad, matter, or thing, l'o advised,

commanded, appointed, or done, or such contract or agreement

not performed; he, (he^ or they, may plead the General Issue, an(j t^e

and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence; and if the tmdant may

plaintiff or plaintiffs in any action or suit, so to be prosecuted or pleati t[LcGc, '

commenced after the last day of Michaelmas term, one thousand neral Issue'

seven hundred and sixty six, shall become nonsuit, or forbear

farther prosecution, or suffer discontinuance; or if a verdict pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants

shall recover his, her, or their, double costs, for which he, (lie, Double costs#

9r they, shall have the like remedy, as in cases where cods by

law are given to defendants; and if any such action or suit, as aforesaid, shall be commenced or prosecuted after the twenty eighth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty

Gx, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court, before

whom such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted,

shall allow to the defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow to him his double coda of suit in all such cases as aforesaid.

CAP. VIII.

An act for allowing the importation of oats and oatmeal\ rye and ryemeal, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

WHEREAS the importation of oats and oatmeal, rye and rye-mealy into this kingdom, for a limited time, duty free, will be advantageous to this kingdom; May it therefore please your moji ex-attent Majesty, that it may be enafied; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons whatsoever, to import into this kingdom, in any ship or vessel whatsoever, at any time or times before the twenty ninth day of Sep-Umber, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, any oats or oatmeal, rye or ryemeal, without the payment of any subsidy, custom, duty, or imposition whatsoever; and that such oats and

Stmeal, rye and ryemeal, may be also carried coadwife under eh regulations as oats and oatmeal, rye and ryemeal, of the growth of this kingdom, are now allowed to be carried coastwise, at all times before the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; any thing in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any Wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a due entry shall be made in such manner and farm as were used or pradtifea before the making of this act, of Vo*. XXWI. Y all

[Preamble.]

Oats and oatmeal, rye and ryemeal, allowed to be imported duty free, at any time before 29 Sept. 1767, and to be carried coastwise, under certain regulations;

and entry to be made thereof at the port of importa* lion*

otherwise to be liable to pay duty.

Preamble, reciting aft i Geo. 3.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 9. [1766.

all oats and oatmeal, rye and ryemeal, which shall be imported or brought into this kingdom by virtue of this a ft before the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty (even, at the custom-house belonging to the port into which the same shall be imported or brought in, or otherwise, in default of making such entry, such oats and oatmeal, rye and ryemeal, shall be liable and subject to such and the same duties as were payable upon the importation thereof before the making of this act; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. IX.

An act for obviating doubts which have arisen with respectte so much of an act made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, (An act: to amend an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of King George the second, concerning the qualification of ju dices of the peace, and for other purposes therein mentioned) asdi rests the taking of certain oaths by justices of the peace, on the issuing of any new commission of the peace.

WHEREAS doubts have arisen, with respect to tie conform* tien of so much of an act made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, (An act to amend an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, concerning the qualification of justices of the peace, and for other purposes therein mentioned) as relates to the taking of certain oaths bj justices of the peace, on the issuing of new commiJTms of the peace \ be it therefore enacted and declared by the Kings most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, Justices not anc* by the authority of the same, That all persons who have obliged totake been, or shall be, appointed justices of the peace, by any commit and subscribe fion or commissions granted or to be granted by his present Ma-inemfoned in an<* ^avc ta^cn an(* subscribed, or shall take and subscribe, the said act the °*ths mentioned in the said act made in the first year of his present Majesty's reign; and all persons, who shall be appointed justices of the peace, by any commission or commissions which shall be granted after his Majesty's demise, by any of his fuccct fors. Kings or Queens of this realm, and shall have, after the issuing of the first commission, whereby such persons shall be appointed justices of the peace, in the reign of any such Kingor Queen, taken and subscribed the said oaths, shall not be obliged, during the reign of his present Majesty, or during any future reign in which such oaths shall have been so taken and subscribed as aforesaid, to take and subscribe the same oaths, for or byrea-son of such persons being again appointcdjustices of the peace by any subsequent commission or commissions which shall be granted during any such reign; and shall not incur any penalty or forfeiture for the not taking or subscribing the said oaths.

more than once during his Majesty's reign, or the reign of any of his fuccel-son.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. io, 11, 12! 3T9

CAP. X.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. XL

An act for allowing the importation of wheat and wheat flour, free of duty, from any part of Europe, for a further time than is allowed by an act made in this session of parliament; and for permitting the free importation of barley, barley-mealy and pulse, into this kingdom, for a limited time.

WHEREAS by an act pajftdin this session of parliament, Preamble# the fret importation of wheat and wheat flour from any part /Europe, into this kingdom, is permitted till the first day ofmzrch, me thousand seven hundred and fluty /even: and whereas the allowing Iteb importation for a further time, and the permitting the importa-ion of barley, barley-meal, and pulse 5 that is to say, peas, beans, ares, and cattivancies, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of hits, will be advantageous to his Majestfs subjects; may it therefore lease your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the dvice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho* ity of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Barley, bar* icrfonor persons whatsoever to import into Great Britain, in any ley-meal, and hip or vessel whatsoever, at any time or times before the first day pulfc, allowed if June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, any wheat^duty^ee* or wheat flour, and any barley, barley-meal, peas, beans, tares, from any part nrcallivancies, from any part of Europe, without the payment of of Europe, at ny subsidy, custom, duty, or imposition whatsoever; and that t, n?e he same may also at any time before the said first day of June, *une* me thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, be carried Chaft* rife under such regulations as wheat and wheat flour, barley, rarley-meal, peas, beans, tares, and callivancies, of the growth f this kingdom, are now allowed to be carried coastwise; any hing in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the ontrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XII.

In act to discontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, bogs-lard, and grease.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the allowing, for a limited time, the free importation of tallow, hogs-lard, and grease, may tend to the ease

f the publick, and advantage of the revenue, by reducing the price,

nd encouraging the consumption, of candles in this kingdom; be it

herefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and

nth the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

nd commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

uthority of the same, That from and after the twenty fifth day Tallow, hogs-

i March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, no Tub- lard, and

Y 2 fidy, grc»£

J nufaaurcdiife

320 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. t j, 14/15. £i76.

to candles or fidy, custom, rate, duty, or other imposition whatsoever, shall reap, allowed demanded, collected, received, or taken, upon any tallow, dutyfrM^w hogs-lard, or grease, unmanufactured into candles or soap, which three years, shall be imported into this kingdom; but that all such tallow, from 35 hogs-lard, and grease, shall and may be imported, duty free, for March, 1767 5 the space of three years from the said twenty fifth day of Afarth^ or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next session of parliament; any former law, Statute, or act or acts of parliv ment, to the contrary notwithstanding. and entry to

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-bemadethere- rity aforesaid, That a due entry shall be made of all such tallow, of, as usual, hogs-lard, and grease, at the custom-house belonging to the port into which the same shall be imported, in such manner and form, and expressing the quantities of such tallow, hogs-lard, and grease, as were used and practised before the making of this and landed In act J and such tallow, hogs-lard, and grease, shall be landed in the presence of the presence of the proper officer or officers of the customs ap-an officer 5 pointed for that purpose: and if any person or persons, upon the importation of any tallow, hogs-lard, or grease, shall not observe and perform the said conditions and directions herein before-mentioned; every such person shall be liable to, and pay, such and the same duties as such tallow, hogs-lard, and grease, would have been liable to if this act had not been made; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants, in any such action or suit, may plead General HTue. the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, ia evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same, was done in pursuance, and by the authority, of this act: and

if it shall appear to have been to done, the jury shall find for tbs defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff mall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given, upon any verdict or demurrer, against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants Treble costs. shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have ih other cases by law.

otherwise to be liable to pay the duties.

CAP. XIII.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on share, j CAP. XIV.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be rmifed is Great Brttatn, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, at % s. in the pound.

CAP. XV.

An act for giving further time to his lieutenant*

deputy lieutenants, justues, and clerks of the peace, and

others,

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 15;

ethers, far carrying into execution certain parts of An act passed in the loft session, for pat and cloathing of the militia; and for indemnifying such lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, and clerks of the peace, and others, who have negr kited to carry such parts of the said aB into execution.

IWHEREA Shy an act made in the left session of parliament, Preamble, «t-ff intituled An act for applying the money granted in this citing ession of parliament, for defraying the charge of the pay and loathing of the militia of that part of Great Britain called Eng- co*

2nd, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, me thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and for explaining, mending, and, rendering more effectual, several acts of parliament passed in the second, fourth, and fifth years of the reign of is present Majesty, relating to the raising and training the militia rithin that part of Great Britain called England; it was enactei,

% at his Majesty's lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, for every nmtv, riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, where the militia was or Should be raised, Should yearly and very year, on or before the twenty fifth day of December, certify be same to the clerk of the peace, and when and at what time the une was first raised, the number and rank of officers, and the num-nr of private men of the militia, in the year when such certificate ms made, and the respective times of such militia being trained and ttreifed in the year in which fetch certificate is made j which certifi-1te was thereby directed to be by the clerk of the peace, who Should reive the same, delivered to the justices of the peace at their general tarter sessions to be held next after the twenty fifth day of Decem-cr in every year, on the day on which such sessions Should be opened, td te be there filed amongst the records of such sessions, so that the ue date of the militia in each county might appear: and it was alfi f the fais aft enactei. That in every county, riding, or place, wherein f such certificate from his Majesty's lieutenant, or three deputy lieu-nants, Should be delivered to the clerk of the peace as aforesaid, that a clerk of the peace of every such county, riding, or place, Should, and as thereby required, at the general quarter sessions of the peace to be f!d next after the twenty fifth day of December in feuch year, to rtify under his hand and Jcal to the justices the peace so assembled

' their said general quarter sessions, on the.ruch sessions Should be sned, that be had not received from his A., f.y's lieutenant of the id county, riding, or place, or any three deputy lieutenants thereof,

V fitch certificate as in the said act is directed to be by them made 5 14 fiuch clerk of the peace is thereby directed to file fetch certificate tytgft the records of such sessions: and it is also thereby enacted, That every county, riding, and place, in which no certificate shall be made his Majesty's lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, in manner as trein directed, and the same Should be certified by the clerk of thq us as aforesaid, the justices of the peace of every such county, rid-ff er place, Should, at their said general quarter session of the peace b$ bsli next qfter tbs twenty fifth day of December in every year,

" 3 rats

Y

It it Geo. t.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 15. [1766.

fate and ajfefs the sum offive pounds per man upon such countyi riding* or place, in such and the same manner, according to such and the same proportion* upon every town, parish, and place, within each respective county, riding, or place, ft be colie sted, levied, received, andac-counted for, in such manner and by such means as the county rates bod been usually, or might, by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more easy assessing, collecting, and levying the county rates, or by the acts of the Jccond, fourth, and fifth years of his present Majesty's reign, for explaining, amending, and enforcing, the several laws relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England, be ojfejfed» collected, levied, received, and accounted for; which said payment of five pounds per man was thereby declared to be in full discharge for the neglect and failure of not having raised and trained the militia for such county, riding, or place, for the year then next proceeding 5 and the treasurer or treo-Jur ers of the county, riding, or place, who Should receive the find five pounds per man, was and were thereby required to pay the same to the receiver general of the land tax for such county, riding, or place, within one calendar month after he or they Should have received the same; and the respective receivers general of the land tax were therth) required to give a receipt for the same to the person paying such money, whose receipt was to be a sufficient discharge for such payment; wind said receiver general of the land tax was thereby required, within tn days after the receipt thereof, to certify the same to the lord high tree-surer, or the lords of of his Majestfs treasury for the tim being, and pay the same into the receipt of his Majestfs Exchequer, is the Jame manner as he is required to pay the land tax; for the pep ment of which money so paid to the receiver general, or into the Exchequer, no fee or gratuity was to be given: and whereas it was by tie said act also enacted, That such clerks of the peace of each respectm county, riding, or place, Should, within fourteen days next after At general quarter sessions of the peace to be held after the twenty fifA day of December yearly, transmit to the lord high treasurer, or At of of his Majestfs treasury for the time being, and alft tt the receiver general of the land tax for such county, riding, or phct, i'copy, signed by such clerk of the peace, of every certificate which Jbxdi ! have been delivered in pursuance of the said act; and in case no JuA certificate Should have been delivered in, then such clerks of the pern were to certify to the lord high treasurer, or to the commissioners if his Majestfs treasury, and also to such receiver general, that no such certificate, from his Majestfs lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants, badbeen receivedby him, and that he had certified the same to the justices of such general quarter sessions; and Should also certify what proceedings were had at such general quarter sessions, in relation to the ajftffing and rating the said sum of five pounds per man, where tie fflmtia Should not have been raised in the said yedr one thousand seven hundred and sixty six: and whereas several of his Majestfs Sente-tenants, deputy lieutenants, clerks of the peace, justices of the pom, treasurers of counties, andreceivers general of the land tax, through \ ignorance of what was required of them by the herein before recited peri j* '*"* tfj

3*3

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 15.

of the said at7, or by the rigour of the season at the time the same was to be carried into execution, or otherwise, may have omitted or negle£kd to do and perform what by the said part of the said act was required of them; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent ma-jessy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem- bled, and by the authority of the same, That his Majesty's lieu- Where the tenant, or three deputy lieutenants, for every county, riding, or ft*[?tiaf^j!L| place, within that part of Great Britain called England, where the for the last militia was raised in and for the year one thousand seven hundred year, hat not and sixty six, on or before the twenty fifth day of December in wen dulycer-the said year, and who neglected or omitted to certify the state*

thereof for the said year to the clerk of the peace, in the man- peYce* on or ner in the said act directed, on or before the said day, shall, and before5 Dec. he or they are hereby required to certify the same to the clerk of jail, the same the peace, in the manner in the said act directed, on or before Is°* the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fore°* or sixty seven; and such certificate, of the state of the militia in March, 17671 and for the said year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, so made, shall be, by the clerk of the peace who shall receive the and tb*»same, delivered to the justices of the peace at their general quar- ^dYYthe ivY" ter sessions to be held next after the said twenty fifth day of at their Marche one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, on the day then next ge-on which such sessions shall be opened, to be then filed amongst neral quarter the records of such sessions. an<*

II. And be it further enacted, That in every county, riding, but where no or place, wherein no such certificate from his Majesty's lieute- such certifi-nant, or three deputy lieutenants, shall be delivered to the clerk cate shall be of the peace, on or before the twenty fifth day of March afore- made* said, that the clerk of the peace of every such county, riding, or

place, shall, and he is hereby required, at the general quarter

sessions of the peace to be held next after the said twenty fifth

day of March, to certify under his hand and seal, to the justices Clerks of the

of the peace assembled at their said general quarter sessions, on peace are to

the day such sessions shall be opened, that he hath not received

from his Majesty's lieutenant of the said county, riding, or place, g^eiY/nuar-

or any three deputy lieutenants thereof, any such certificate, as inter sessions,

the said act and this act is directed to be by them made, and such and file a cer-

clerk of the peace is hereby directed to file such certificates tificate there-

amongst the records of such sessions. of*

III. And be it further enacted, That such clerks of the peace They arealfo >of each respective county, riding, or place, shall, within fourteen to transmit to

days next after the general quarter sessions of the peace to be held th treasury, after the said twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hun- an receiver dred and sixty seven, transmit to the lord high treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, and also to the receiver general of the land tax for such county, riding,or place, a copy, signed by such clerk of the peace, of every certi- cate^ellvered ficate which Should have been delivered in pursuance of this act; in pursuanc* and in case no such certificate shall be delivered in on or before of this act % the said twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred


general of the land tax,

1

?.ml where none are de-Jivr\ fd, to ct rtify the same,

with the pro-

324 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 15; [1766.

and sixty seven, then such clerks of the peace shall certify to the Ifjui high treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's treat-fury. aii.i also to such receiver, that no such certificate from his Majesty's lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants, had been received by him, and that he had certified the same to the justices of such general quarter sessions; and shall also certify what proceedings were had at such general quarter sessions, iq ttr dings of the relation to the afieffing and rating the said sum of five pounds iWfioi: 1 elar- per man, where the militia was not raised in the said year one inc to the af- thousand seven hundred and sixty six.

roadethere- C

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That in every county, upon, riding, and place, in which no certificate shall be made, on or before the said twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, by his Majesty's lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, in manner as therein and herein directed, and thr. same shall be certified by the clerk of the peace aforesaid, the justices of the peace for every such county, riding, or place, shall, at their said general quarter session of the peace to be held next after the twenty fifth day of Manh, one thousand seven hundred and sixty ieven, rate and afifefs the sum of five pounds per man upon such county, riding, or place, in such and the same manner, according to such and the same proportions upon every town, parish, and place, within each respectnropurtions as tive county, riding, or place, to be collected, levied, received, s*tesi°Unt; y;, d accounted for, in such manner, and by such means, as the couLuy rates have been usually, or may, by an act made in the by ad is Geo. twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the s.or by acts Second, intituled An act for the more easy affejjfing, collecting, and levying, the county rates; or by the acts of the second, fourth, and fifth years of his present Majesty's reign, for explaining, amending, and enforcing, the several laws relating to the raiding and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England, be afiefled, collected, levied, received, and accounted for; which said payments of five pounds per man shall, and is hereby declared to be, in full discharge for the negkd and failure of not having raised and trained the militia for such county, riding, or place, in and for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and the treasurer or treasurers of the county, riding, or place, who shall receive the said five pounds to the receiver per man, is and are hereby required to pay the same to the rer pneral of the ceiver general of the land tax for such county, riding, or place, land tax \ within one calendar month after he or they shall receive the same; and the respective receivers general of the land tax are hereby required to give a receipt for the same to the person paying such money, whose receipt shall be a sufficient dischargeb° > ccr" for such payment; which said receiver general of the land tax is t'o the ^trtafn- hereby required, within ten days after the receipt thereof, to certify the same to the lord high treasurer, or the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, and pay the same into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, in thefamp manner 99 he is required to pay the land tax; for the payment

The assessments are to be made, &c. in the same manner and

a, & 5 Geo. S-

Treasurer of the county to pay the same

ry; and pay over the money into the Rxhequer.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 15, 525

ment of which money, so paid to the receiver general, or into the exchequer, no fee or gratuity whatsoever shall be given.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- If any part

laid. That if any part of the said act herein before recited, hath, °i}^e before the said twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven fc*c, -hJvfar. hundred and sixty seven, been begun to be carried into execu- 1767, been faction by the clerk of the peace, or justices of the peace in their gpn to be car-general quarter sessions, of and in any county, riding, or place, ric4 mt°* wherein the militia was not raised in the year one thousand fe- deAi^tlm ven hundred and sixty six, and hath not been totally and final- peace, or july carried into execution by them, or either of them, before, ftices, where at, or after, the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand fe- the militia yen hundred and sixty six, in the manner, and at the times, in du y

the said act directed; then, and in such case, such clerk of the'peace, and justices of the peace in their general quarter sessions,

shall proceed to cany this act into execution, in the same cany this act manner as if nothing had been done in pursuance of, and obe- intoexecution. dience to, the said act herein before recited.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That P^fons who all and every lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, clerk of the peace, Ca^rt£d and all and every other person or persons, who neglected or qufred to be omitted to do and perform any acts, matters, or things, re- done by the quired of them by the said before in part recited act, or within recited act9 the respective times in the said act mentioned, directed, appointed, and limited, for the doing and performing thereof,

and who shall do and perform such acts, matters, and things, at or within the respective times in this act mentioned, direct- performing cd, appointed, and limited, for the doing thereof, shall be, the same with-and he and they is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and dif- J£rein Limit. charged, from and against all suits, actions, indictments, and ed $ informations, and from and against all penalties, forfeitures, are indemni-incapacities, and disabilities, incurred, for or by reason of such fied. peeled or omission as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall Indemnity not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify any lieutenant, to extend^to.deputy lieutenant, clerk of the peace, or any other person or persons who shall neglect or omit to receive, deliver, file, fi]ing fejtig. make, record, or transmit, such certificates, as are by this act cat$t directed to be received, delivered, filed, made, recorded, or, transmitted, pr by any other means, neglect the execution of or executing this act, according to the true intent and meaning thereof. this

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said in part recited Theredted

?d, and every dause, matter, and thing, therein contained (ex- act to remain cept the allowance of further time for doing, performing, andn^?rce!5* executing, such parts thereof, as are mentioned and set forth in of

this act, and the indemnification herein before-mentioned) further time, pull, to all intents and purposes, be and remain in as full and indemm-fpree as if this act had not been made. fications, be-

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any action, ^re-mcnbon-suit, bill of indictment, or information, shall, from and after p^nsfiied pie passing of this act, be brought, carried on, or prosecuted, may plead the

5 against general issue.

326 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 16. [1766.

against any person or persons hereby meant, or intended to be indemnified, re-capacitated, or restored, for or on account of any forfeiture, penalty, incapacity, or disability whatsoever, incurred, or to be incurred, by any such neglect or omission; such person or persons, may plead the general issue, and, upon their defence, give this act and the Special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. XVI.

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or Exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven bun-and sixty seven.

Most gracious Sovereign,

Preamble, \\T ^our Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the cm- mom of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have rtfolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the Treasury im- time being, or any three or more of them, or the high trea-poweredto surer for the time being, at any time or times before the not ending^JauuaiJ, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, 800, 0001.'S eight, to cause or direct any loans to be taken or received og by loans or his Majesty's Exchequer, from any person or persons, natives. Exchequer or foreigners, body or bodies politick or corporate, or any num-

bi, hJ ber of Exchequer bills to be made out there, for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in loans and Exchequer bills in the same together, in the whole, the sum of one million eight hundred

manner ashy thousand pounds; in the same or like manner, form, and or the malt aft der, and according to the same or like rules and directions, as of this session in and by an act of this present session of parliament, intituled, jtn aft j'or continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties up-lowis^rEx-° on ma^s mum* cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one chequer bills thousand seven hundred and sixty [even, are enacted and prescribed, thereby au- concerning the loans or Exechequer bills to be taken or made thorized to be in pursuance of the said act.

takenorma e. jj^jt further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

The clause. in all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers^ privileges, relating to advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in lpans or bills, the said last mentioned act, relating to the loans or Exchequer bills authorized to be made by the same act (except such clauses as do charge the same on the taxes grantea by the same act, and except such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid extended to for l^c forbearance of money lent on the credit of the said act* (his aft. and also except a* is herein after mentioned) shall be applied

3*7

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. i(«

and extended to the loans and" Exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same loans or Exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Exchequer. rity aforesaid, That no Exchequer bill or bills to be made out hill* so issued* by virtue of this act, shall, after the same hath or have been aeahi issued at the Exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the in payment of sixth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, any taxes, received or taken, or pass or be current, to any receiver or collector in Great Britain of the customs, excise, or any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whatsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, or at the receipt of the Exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwise or on any other account than for the discharge and cancelling of such bills, in case the same shall be in due course or order of payment, before the said sixth day of April: nor shall any such receiver or collector exchange, at any time before the said sixth day of Aprils April, 2768. for any money, of such revenues, aids, taxes, or supplies, in his hands, any Exchequer bill or bills which shall have been ififued as aforesaid by virtue of this act; nor shall any action be maintained against any such receiver or collector for neglecting of refilling to exchange any such bill or bills for ready money, before the said sixth day of April; any thing in the said act made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum9 cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seveny or this act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tho money so That all such loans or Exchequer bills, together with the in- to be terect, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the ^enext'w-fame, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, liamentary and shall be repaid or borne by or out of the first aids or sup- aid* j

plies which shall be granted in the next session of parliament; and in case sufficient aids or supplies, for that purpose, shall not of none be be granted before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven jJjf" hundred and sixty eight, then all the said loans or Exchequer \^ % 9 bills, with the filtered, premium, rate, and charges, incident then to be to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and charged on the chargeable upon such monies as, at any time or times at or af- sinking fund# ter the said fifth day of July, shall be or remain in the receipt of the Exchequer, of the surplusses, exceiles, overplus monies, and other revenues, composing the fund commonly called The sinking fund (except such monies of the said sinking fund as cat appropriated to any particular use or uses by any act or acts of parliament in that behalf;,) and such monies of the said fink-ing fund shall and (nay be issued and applied, as soon as the thereodf.

fw>9

?*8

Monies so issued, to be replaced out of the first flip-plies.

Bank of England authorized to advance the said sum on the credit of this a&{

jMtwithstand-

ingsft 5 &6

W.*M.

[Preamble.]

Where the

militia is or shall be raided, the receiver

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. i^.' [1766.

same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and diCharging, such loans or exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whatever monies shall be so issued out of the said surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, or other revenues, composing the sinking fund, shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted hi parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it declared and further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majesty, in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of loan granted by this act, any sum or Turns of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds; any thing in an act made in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of King IVWiam and Queen Maey, intituled An act for granting to their Majesties several rates anddu-ties upon tonnage of ships and vessels, and upon beer* ale$ and other liquors, for securing certain recompenses and advantages in the said act mentioned, to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the war against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise not* withstanding.

CAP. XVII.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; for the more effectually punishing serjeants, drummers, and fifers, for misbehaviour and desertion; for securing deserters from the militia regiments; and for explaining and amending so much of an act passed in the last session of parliament, as relates to inlisting militia men into his Majesty's other forces.

WHEREAS it is necessary that provision Should be made for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing for the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year9 from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament if* sembled, and by the authority of the same, That in every coun-

2f9 riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called ngland) where the militia if or Inal} be raised, the receiver or

rr»m»

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. tf. $4gl

receivers general of the land tax of £uch county, riding or place general of the respectively, shall issue and pay the whole sums required, in the manner, and for the several uses herein after-mentioned; that £ ad-, is to say, for the pay of the said militia for four calendar vance, Gcord» months in advance, at the rate of six shillings a day for each adjutant, where an adjutant is appointed 5 and at the rate of one

shilling for each serjeant, with the addition of two shillings °cldown, and Expence a week for each serjeant major, where a serjeant major is appointed; and at the rate of six pence a day for each drummer, with the addition of six pence a dav for each drum major, where a drum major is appointed; and also at the rate of six pence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the contingent expences of each regiment, battalion, and independant company of militia, one penny whereof shall be applied for defraying the hospital expences of each regiment, battalion, or independant company, during the time of the mens being from home, upon account of their annual exercisp; and also for half a year's salary for the clerk of each regiment with half a or battalion of militia belonging to such county, riding, or year's falarf place, at the rate of fifty pounds a year 5 and also for the ref- ^emd'antt pective allowances to the clerk of the general meetings, and battalion clerks of the several sub-division meetings, at the rates follow- clerks; ing; that is to say, To the clerk of the general meetings, at the theallow-rate of five pounds five shillings for each meeting; and to theicrk* of^be several clerks of the sub-division meetings, at the rate of one general and pound one shilling for each meeting; and also for the cloath- subdivision ing of the militia for such county, riding, or place, after the meetings; rate of three pounds ten shillings for each serjeant, and pounds for each drummer, with the addition of one pound for£j, c each serjeant major, and each drum major; and with respect to the private militia men, where the militia hath been embodied, or having not been embodied, hath not been cloathed within three years, at the rate of one pound ten shillings for each private man.

II. Provided nevertheless, That in any county, riding, or The above place, where pay has not yet been issued for the militia, no pay sums are not shall beifiued until his Majesty's lieutenant, or, in his absence, to any three deputy lieutenants, of any such county, riding, or KeLre been place, shall have certified to the Commissioners of his Majesty's issued, till the treasury, and to the receiver general of the land tax, that three Id. lieut.or fifths of the number of private militia men of such county, deputies feall riding, or place, have been inrolled, and that three fifths of the to th/^fu-proportion of their commission officers have accepted tfeeir com- ry and receiv-missions, and entered their qualifications as by law required. ers general

the inrolment of 3 fifths of the men and officers.

III. And be it enacted, That all such sums of money afore- The money is said, except such as shall be due to the several clerks of the [^receiver meetings aforesaid, and except such as shall be due on account ^neraTtcTthe of cloathing, shall, where the militia has never been embodied, clerk of the be paid by the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax, regiment or, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments or batta-Jatulio, i - ,

lions (e*ceptthcaI-

respective captains, or to ] their order)

according to the estabmh ment laid down in the

330 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 17; [1766.

lowancct to lions of militia belonging to such county, riding, or place, upon the clerks of his or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of ap-fwnSw. pointment to such office, under the hand and seal of his Ma-ing the war-" jesty's lieutenant for such respective county, riding, or place; rant of his and where the militia has been embodied, idto the hands of the appointment; clerk or clerks of the regiments or battalions, upon his or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointment to such office, under the hand and seal of the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, of the commanding officer of each regiment or battalion respectively, notwithstanding such militia shall have and for inde- been disembodied; and where the militia shall be formed into pendant com- an independant company, or independant companies, such sums as aforesaid shall be paid by the said receiver or receivers general -) of the land tax, into the hands of the respective captain of each

independant company of militia, or to such person as such respective captain shall authorize to receive the lame, according to the number of persons hereby intitled to receive pay and cloathing, of which such regiment or regiments, battalion or battalions, independant company or independant companies, shall have been appointed to consist, according to the establishment laid down in an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into miUitiaaftof cne v parliament y the several laws now in being, relating to the % Geo. 3. raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain A second pay-ca"£d England; and such receiver or receivers general of the mentis also to land tax shall also, within fourteen days after the expiration of be made with the third calendar month from the time of the said first payment, ma^e a payment for four calendar months in advance;

andathird5 an<* ^all a > fourteen days after the expiration of the

within three three calendar months from the time of the said second payment, make a third payment for four calendar months in advance, for the pay and contingent expences of the militia, and for the allowances to the regimental or battalion clerk or clerks aforesaid, in the proportions herein before mentioned; and the receipts of SVpcrSbnito such clerk or clerks, and of such captain of an independant com-whom the mo pany, or captains of independant companies, or of such person ney shall be so or persons as such captain or captains shall so authorize to receive such money as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver or receivers general of the land tax for the several Turns of money so by him or them paid.

IV. And be it enacted, That the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia foall forthwith, after the receipt of such sums of money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one calendar month's pay in advance to the adjutant of such regiment or battalion respectively; and to the captain or commanding officer of each company belonging to such regiment or battalion, two months pay in advance for the serjeants, drummers, and the contingent expences of his respective company; out of which^continEcnt money each captain foall pay to the commanding for the kt-'officer of each regiment or battalion one penny a month for each jeants, drum- private man and drummer, for the defraying the expences of the

hospital;

months after the second.

Receipts of

general.

The regimental and battalion clerics are to pay in advance one month's pay to the adjutant; and

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 7.

; and also to the commanding officer of the company to men, and con. he serjeant major and drum major shall belong, two tingent expay in advance for such serjeant and drum major; and pence* of the time to time so lone as any money on that account shallla, d c?raP*ny» in his hands: which pay every such captain or com- for each g officer is hereby required to attribute to each person id. per month jg to his company, by this act intitled to receive the out of the conit shall become due; and shall, once in every year, give tln*ent m: e clerk of the regiment or battalion to which such com- chargeTof the all belong, or, if captain of an independant company, to hospital j aver general, on account of the several payments he shall and for the ade in pursuance of this act, according to the following

major j to be

be commanding officer of the company to which they belong: captains to di-the pav accordingly$ and account for the same yearly to thederk, or receiver-ge-m mdependant company, according to the following form j

Ptr Contra Cr.

Paid serjeant for days pay from the of to the of

following -

Ditto as serjeant major (if one in the company)

Paid serjeant for days pay from the of to the of

following -

Paid drummer

days at six pence, from the of to the of following ——

Ditto as drum major (if one in the company)

Paid drummer

days from the of # to the of following Two months contingen- -j cies for men and f two drummers, at fix f pence per month each J

iall pay back to the said clerk, or to the receiver general, and pay bade case shall be, the surplus (if any) of the money by him the surplus ime to time received, and then remaining in nis hands t the money by this act allowed for contingent expences) the contingent shall once m every year be accounted for by the captain expences, i company respectively, in manner aforesaid, and the ba- which isitobe hereof shall be by him paid into the hands of the clerk ofaccountedforf; iment or battalion to which such company shall belong, ppliedto the general use of the said regiment or battalion, and applied to field officers and captains thereof, or the greater part of thfc 6*"^ _ shall direct; and the captain of each independant com- hereby required to distribute to each person belonging to Captains of apany intitled thereto, such money as he shall receive by mdependant

virtue

y of

Cr.

received of Mr.'l regimental or / ion clerk, or re-generaljOJ/Atari >for two montns advance. — J

cife, they are to certify the same to the receiver ge-

332 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 17. [1766.

compuiiet to virtue of this act; and the said money allowed for the contin-wthdr Sent expences of each independant company of militia, shall be nwn, and ap- respectively applied to the particular use of such independant ply the mo- company, by the captain thereof, ney allowed for contingent expencet.

Clerk to retain V. And be it enacted, That the said regimental or battalion money in hi* clerk may and shall retain to his own use out of the money /□ hands for hit by him received, such further sums as shall complete the allow* m "ry* ance herein before made for his salary.

When the Ida

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty's

"mi* SaflC" ^eutcnant> or any three or more deputy lieutenants of any Eavefixed the county* riding, or place, shall have fixed the days of exercise for days of exer- the militia, he or they shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the receiver general of such county, riding, or place, specifying the number of men, and the number of days such men are to be absent from home on account of such exercise; and such

______receiver general is hereby required, within fourteen days after

neral, specify- the receipt of such certificate, to issue and pay to the clerk of the ing the nura-several regiments or battalions, at the rate of seven shillings and and day^they Pence Per day for the captain of each company, and at the shall be'absent Kite of three shillings and six pence per day for each lieutenant, from home, and of three shillings per day for each ensign; and also at the Receiver ge- ^te Of one shilling per day for each private militia man, with thereu^n pay Edition of pence per day for each corporal of the militia, for officer^so to be called out to exercise, for the number of days such offi-and men cers and men shall be absent from home on account of such ex-totbe reei- ercife; and in such counties where there shall be independant mental clerk, C001pan; es only, the receiver general of each such respective Where there county shall issue and pay to the captains of the independant shall be inde- companies, at the rate of seven shillings and six pence per day pendant com- for each captain, three shillings and six pence per day for each the rtcehler ^cutenant> a°d l^ree Shillings per day for each ensign; and also generafis to at rate of one billing P€r day for each private militia man, issue pay to with the addition of six pence per day for each corpora] of the the captains, militia, so to be called out to exercise, for the number of dayi according to such officers and men shall be absent from home on account of down.^such exercise5 and the said regimental or battalion clerks are Clerk to pay hereby required forthwith to pay the proportion of pay belong-over the mo- ing to each captain of the said regiments or battalions, the pro-nevto the rc-p^ion of pay belonging to each captain, and likewise the pay geAtve cap- belonging to their respective companies.

Captains to

VII. And be it further enacted, That the captain of each make up their company shall make up an account of all monies received and account ac- pajd by him on account of such exercise, according to the fol-S^lowingfonn: faint County of

Dr.

Per Contra

Cr.

To cash received of the regimental or bat talion clerk, or receiver general, as the emfeshall be, for days pay of men

a

I Paid

militia men days

[ Paid additional pay to corporals days

Which

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. ijl 33

Which account shall be signed by the said captain, and coun- to be signed tersigned by the commanding officer; and such captain shall, countofiened within ten days after the time of such exercise, deliver such ac- by the c^m count, and pay the balance, if there be any due, to the regi- mantling of-mental or battalion clerk; onif captain of an independant com- Acer, pany, to the receiver generar^md such accounts shall be allowed as sufficient vouchers in the passing of the accounts of such Jance> to the receiver general, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer. clerk, 'or receiver general. Accounts allowed sufficient vouchers.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any During the regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia, is or time the shall be embodied, and called out into actual service, and there- troops are by the officers and private militia men are or shall be intitled to em^odnC j* the same pay as the officers and private men in his Majesty's iannt0Caaual0U other regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or re- service, and ceivers general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, receive pay as to which such regiment, battalion, or independant company oftb*Ki*l8'# militia shall belong, whether to the adjutants, serjeants, private

militia men, or others; and all money allowed as aforesaid for allowances the contingent expences of such regiment, battalion, or inde- from the re-pendant company of militia; and also the allowance to the clerk cjv.e^, 8e"V of such regiment or battalion; shall, during such time of adtualral "10 cc c# service, and until such regiment, battalion, or independant company, shall be disembodied, and return home by order of their commanding officers, cease and not be paid.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said receiver or receivers of Receivers ge-the land tax shall pay to the clerk of the general meetings his al- to Pay Iowa nee, at the rate of five pounds five shillings for each meet- a, ces toderki ing, upon his producing an order or orders for that purpose0f thegene- from his Majesty's lieutenant, or from three deputy lieutenants ral meetings, assembled at some general meeting or meetings; and shall aIfoand*° the, pay to each and every of the clerks of the subdivision meetings

their several allowances, at the rate of one pound one shilling meetings, for each meeting, upon his or their producing an order or orders upon produc- from one or more deputy lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, af- jpg or^er* sembled in the several subdivision meetings; which said order or ^nTntor dep" orders shall be to the said receiver or receivers general of the lieutenants. land tax, a sufficient discharge for the payment of such allow- Orders to dif-ances, and be allowed in his or their account. charge receiv-

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the clerk ofcr# IF11*1*!-each regiment or battalion of militia, shall give security to the Regimental receiver or receivers general of the land tax of the county, riding,

or place, to which such regiment or battalion shall belong, by security far a bond to his Majesty in the penalty of one half of the sum re- paying and quired for the whole year's charge of the regiment or battalion accouotingfor of militia to which such clerk shall belong, for duly answering receWedb* and paying such sums as he shall, from time to time, have re- [bem-

ceived, and for duly accounting for the same, and for perfor- 1 xnance of the trust hereby in him reposed; which said bond the bonds to shall be lodged in the hands of the receiver or receivers general be lodged with of the land tax for the respective county, riding, or place, who, the receivers

Vol. XXVII.*m and

in1

334 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 17.

put in suit by in case the said regimental or battalion clerk shall not

«^raiance ^orm conditions comprized in the said bond, (ha

of the condi- hereby required forthwith to put the said bond in (

tionj name of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors; the

and they are and charges of which suit, in case judgement shall be

2* foUC regimental or battalion clerk, shall be paie

coSb and to the kid receiver or receivers genend of the land

charges, shall likewise be intitled to, and receive to his or their

and 5l. per at the rate of five pounds per centum out 6f all such 1

cent, of the shall be by him or them recovered thereon; and (ha]

vered^ fCC°* for the rendue thereof with the proper auditor of his

therefidueto revenue; the said receiver or receivers general of thi

be accounted charging himself or themselves therewith, upon the

for to the au- count of the land tax to be by him or them passed.

TbtTregi-

XI. And be it enacted, That the clerk of every rej

mental and battalion of militia, and the captain of every independ

pany of militia, in every county, riding, and place, v

part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall, between the tw

day of March and the twenty fourth day of June, one

seven hundred and sixty seven, deliver to the receiver or

are to deliver general of the land tax for the county, riding, or

in accounts of which such regiment, battalion, or independant comp

anddifourse- ^long, a fair account in writing, of all monies by hin

ments, and disbursed for the service of the preceding year, in

and pav over of this act, with proper vouchers for the Tame; and the bafance toback to the said receiver or receivers general of the the receivers

battalion clerks, and captains of independant companies,

general { who are to transmit the accounts into the auditor's office.

Recovery of penalties, See.

general

any surplus of such monies that shall then be in hi; which said accounts signed by such regimental or clerk, or by such captain of an independant compan tively, shall be transmitted by the said receiver or rece neral of the land tax, into the office of the proper a his Majesty's revenue.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all all costs and charges of suit, and all sums of money, I any person or persons is or are by this act made answera and shall be recovered in any or his Majesty's courts < at Westminster, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or info wherein no essoin, wager at law, or protection, or a one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That n gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon of any warrant or sum of money which shall be issued tien to, or in pursuance of, this act.

No fee payable for any warrant or sum of money issued in pursuance of this act.

Officers on

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That an half-pay serv- being on half-pay, and serving in the militia, shall a m§itia! may an<*ies hereby impowered to receive and tgjte the fub receive' the money by this act directed to be paid to captains, lieu fobfistence- or ensigns; and the receiving and taking such subsistence money paya- by any such captain, lieutenant, or ensign, shall not be Muutorcn-receiving or taking pay, so as in any manner topiw

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 17. '335

on half-pay receiving his half-pay; and such person they taking ce the following oath before some justice of the peace, n»e following hereby impowered to administer the same; $!«.

1. do swear, That I bad net, between the any The oath,

or employment of profit, civil or military, under bit Ma-Hdes eny allowance of half pay at a reduced in

late regiment of save and except my sub-

't a lieutenant or ensign, as the case may be, for serving in ia of the county of

1

i taking the said oath shall be sufficient to intitle such perceive his half-pay, without taking any other oath; any ige, orcustom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Recover ge-le receiver general of the land tax, so soon as he shall warl

I warrant under the hand of the colonel or commanding rant from the" f their respective regiments or battalions, certifying the commanding of the doathing, and an order from the said colonel or officer, certi-iding officer for the money due on account of the same, £apfoftte- to the person or persons who furnished the said cloath- doathing, and

II pay the sum mentioned in such order to the person an order for

to receive the same; and such warrant and order, t< % payment, is to rith the receipt of the person receiving the said money, ac^MinS* a sufficient discharge to such receiver general.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, If any regi-case any regiment, battalion, or independant company, JJ1*1}1*

St and determine, during the continuance of this act, dienafa^i of three shillings per dim shall be paid to such person be paid to the ftually served as adjutant to such regiment, battalion, or adjutant from Jant company, from the time such regiment, battalion, 10

endant company shall cease, to the twenty fifth dayLg.arCh' one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight.

And whereas by an adfc made in the last session of par- Ctause in the it is enacted, That any militia man inlisting himself the.

f of his Majesty's other forces, shall, over and above ing^o'irilftia alty or punishment to which any such militia man was man inlisting ie deemed to be legally inlisted, and Should, from the in any of the nhich his engagement to serve in the militia Should end, pn8, § is a soldier to such corps of his Majesty's other forces forect» ch he shall have inlisted, and Should, till regularly dif-, be liable to all the duties of a soldier, and to all pains alties inflicted by the act for punishing mutiny and de-and the better payment of the army and their quarters: seas the said provision hath been found very inconveni-d prejudicial to the militia service; be it therefore by the authority aforesaid, That the said recited provi- repealed.

II be and is hereoy repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Recruiting case any officer, serjeant, or other person recruiting for Pfrl£!* inlist and serve in his Majesty's other forces, shall,

Z 2 axv>

336 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 17.

[1

iniifting mili- any time from and after the passing of this act, wilfully tia men j knowingly inlist any person who, at the time of such inl^ shall be inrolled and engaged to serve in any regiment, batfc>-or independant company of militia, in that part of Great & such inlistina called England, every such inlisting shall be deemed nvjf deemed void, void; and in case any militia man shall, at any time from after the passing of this act, deny to any officer, feijeats other person recruiting for men to inlist and serve in his j Militiaman jesty's other forces, that he is, at the time of his offering rc denying, at lift, a militia man then actually inrolled and engaged to fen (which the said officer, serjeant, or other person, is herebyr hi'is inrolled, quired to ask any man offering to inlist) and shall inlist ink and engaged* Majesty's other forces, or shall offer himself to be inrolled as tofenre; serve in the regiment, battalion, or independant company e be hmrtletf belonging to any other county, riding, or place; era]

and Terve, ' in such person so offending, on conviction thereof by the inform-any other re- tien and oath of one witness, before a justice of the peacefii giment, &c. the county, riding, or place, wherein such person wasfirst* ^/tobe'^o foiled and engaged to serve in the militia (which oath such irf mined for" tlces hereby impowered and required to administer) (hailhi months, over committed to the common gaol of such county, riding, i and above any place, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for and d* hhc " ing any time not exceeding six months, over and above any pi law; 6 ° y nalty or punishment to which such person so offending isorln and at the end be liable by law; and every such person so offending, from til of his engage- day on which his engagement to serve in the militia shall cadi went shall ancj not sooner^ shall belong as a soldier to such corps of B dieHn'the °1- Majesty's other forces into which he shall have been so inliM corps in and shall, till regularly discharged therefrom, be subject to fad winch he in- duties, pains, and penalties, as the soldiers in such corps fad KM. be liable to.

XIX. And whereas the several powers granted by the laws mi being, relating to the militia forces within that part of Great Bd tain called England, for punishing serjeants, drummers, ani fifed for misbehaviour, disobedience of orders, or neglect of duty, ham the time the militia to which they belong is not in actual fervitt, en not called out to annual exercise, harje been, found defective and into Serjeants, fjcient; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tha drummers, if any serjeant major, serjeant, arum major, drummer, or fife and fifes, engaged to serve in any regiment, battalion, or indcpenM company of militia, within that part of Great Britain caHd England, and who shall have received pay therein at any Ml from and after the passing of this act, during his engagemoiM serve in any such regiment, battalion, or independant compwjl and during the time the militia, to which he shall belong, iifltf guilty of mif- in altual service, or out at annual exercise, shall misbehave, ll behaviour, negligent in his duty, or be disobedient to the orders oftbed neglect of jurant, or other his superior officer, and be thereof conviAd obedience of upon oat^ adjutant, or other his superior officer, el

orders, when other credible witness, before a justice of the peace forth the regiment, county, riding, or place, to the militia whereof such fajeafl

major,

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 17. 337

serjeant, drum major, drummer, or fifer, shall belong is not in

1. oath such justice is hereby im powered and required to ad- service, ., /..*r*j 1 or out at an-

er;,) such serjeant major, serjeant, drum major, drum- ni|jj exerdfe,

or (ifer, (over and above any penalty or punishment to may (over and 1 he shall be liable by any former law) shall be committed above the tcommon gaol of the county, riding, or place, wherein offender shall be engaged to serve in the militia, there to tin without bail or mainprize for any. time not exceeding be committed nonths. for 6 months)

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, it in case any serjeant major, serjeant, drum major, drum-» or fifer, during the time the militia to which he shall be-5 is not in actual service, or out at annual exercise, shall de- from the regiment, battalion, or independant company, in ch he shall be inrolled and engaged to serve; it shall and and deferring r be lawful to and for any headborough, constable, or tyth- at any fttch ban, of the town or place where any person who may be b^head-tttably suspected to be such a deserter shall be found, to ap- cd, and com-lend, or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such mitted) m to be brought before any justice of the peace living in or such town or place, who hath hereby power to examine (ufpedted person; and if by his confession, or the tefthnony ne or more witness or witnesses, upon oath, or by the sledge of such justice, it shall appear or be found that such Sed person is such a deserter, such justice shall forthwith; him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place e he shall be found, or to the house of correction, or o-publiclt prison, in such town or place where such deserter be apprehended) and transmit an account thereof to the of which an Ury at war for the time being, to the end such person may account is to rocceded against as is herein after directed; and the keeper ch gaol, house of correction, or prison, shall receive the [ary at war, bbfistence of such deserter, during the time that he or they in order to continue in his custody, for the maintenance of the said prosecution, ter, but shall not be intitled to any fee or reward on ac- Kcwjerof the it of his or their imprisonment; any law, usage, or custom, to re-te contrary notwithstanding, ceive the sub-

fistence money for his maintenance*

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Prisoner to be t it shall and may be lawful to and for the secretary at war he time being, upon receiving such account as aforesaid, if f^eury.deserter shall be taken out of the county to the militia at war) rcof he or they shall belong, to issue out an order, under his i and seal, to the gaoler or keeper of the prison where such rtfr shall be confined, requiring such gaoler or keeper to de-r such deserter to the person or persons therein named, which hereby required to do; and such person or persons shall and conveyed capon convey such deserter in such manner, and by such?*justice of Mr pa the secretary at war for the time being shall direct, ^.foorSert* M a justice of the county to the militia, whereof such defer*

Hpl) bclppgy who shall forthwith cause.bim to be conveyed

Z 3*

33*

in lifting mill tii men)

such inlistSng deemed void*

Militia man denying, at the time of inlisting, that

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 17.

any time from and after the passing of this act, wil knowingly inlist any person who, at the time of such shall be mrolled and engaged to serve in any regiment, I or independant company of militia, in that part of Grei called England, every such inlisting shall be deemed void; and in case any militia man shall, at any time after the passing of this act, deny to any officer, fei other person recruiting for men to inlist and serve in jesty's other forces, that he is, at the time of his offeri lift, a militia man then actually inrolled and engaged niming, mat (w.hic, h the said officer, /meant, or other person, is h he.is inrolled, quired to ask any man offering to inltft) and shall m and engaged Majesty's other forces, or shall offer himself to be inr to serve; serve in the regiment, battalion, or independant coi be inroneft0 m*liria, belonging to any other county, riding, or pla< and serve, ' in such person so offending, on conviction thereof by the any other re- tien and oath of one witness, before a justice of the giment, &c. the county, riding, or place, wherein such person wa i« to be com- ro^c<* an^ engaged to serve in the militia (which oath mitted for T t*cc hereby impowered and required to administer. months, over committed to the common gaol of such county, 1 and above any place, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for liaWeYo^ U any time not exceeding six months, over and abov |tLjC 0 y nalty or punishment to which such person so offending and at the end be liable by law; and every such person so offending, of his engage- day on which his engagement to serve in the militia ment shall and not Cooney shall belong as a soldier to such co dier'in the °" Majesty's other forces into which he shall have been i corps in and shall, till regularly discharged therefrom, be subje winch he in- duties, pains, and penalties, as the soldiers in such c be liable to.

XIX. And whereas the several powers granted by the k being, relating to the militia forces within that part of ( tain called England, for puntshing serjeants^ drummers, for misbehaviour, disobedience of orders, or neglect of du the time the militia to which they belong is not in actual set not called out to annual exercise, have been found defective ficient; be it therefore enacted by the authority afores; if any serjeant major, serjeant, drum major, drumme engaged to serve in any regiment, battalion, or in< company of militia, within that part of Great Brit England, and who shall have received pay therein at from and after the passing of this act, during his enga serve in any such regiment, battalion, or independant and during the time the militia, to which he shall belc in actual service, or out at annual exercise, shall mish negligent in his duty, or be disobedient to the orders jurant, or other his superior officer, and be thereof upon the oath of the adjutant, or other his superior < other credible witness, before a justice of the peac county, riding, or place, to the militia whereof fuc

Serjeants, drummers, and fifes.

guilty of misbehaviour, neglect of duty, or disobedience of orders, when the regiment,

5-3 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 17. 337

r, serjeant, drum major, drummer, or fifer, shall belong &c. is not in cti oath suchiustice is hereby im powered and required to ad- service,

ster;,) such serjeant major, serjeant, drum major, drum* nuJcxerctf^" i or fiier, (over and above any penalty or punishment to may (over and: h he shall be liable by any former law) shall be committed above the tie common gaol of the county, riding, or place, wherein PCu*theJ# a offender shall be engaged to serve in the militia, there to f^r^, er uin without bail or mainprize for any. time not exceeding be committed months. for 6 months

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, bat in case any serjeant major, serjeant, drum major, drum-or fifer, during the time the militia to which he shall be-Qg is not in actual service, or out at annual exercise, shall deft from the regiment, battalion, or independant company, in Uch be shall be inrolled and engaged to serve; it shall and and deferring, tty be lawful to and for any headborough, constable, or tyth- a.t af>yfucil gmin, of the town or place where any person who may be b^pp^hcnd-sfooably suspected to be such a deserter shall be found, to ap- ed, and com- stand, or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such mined) rion to be brought before any justice of the peace living in or sr such town or place, who hath hereby power to examine & suspect person; and if by his confession, or the testimony one or more witness or witnesses, upon oath, or by the owledge of such justice, it shall appear or be found that such pected person is such a deserter, such justice shall forthwith ife him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place ere he shall be found, or to the house of correction, or o-t publick prison, in such town or place where such deserter 11 be apprehended) and transmit an account thereof to the of which an retary at war for the time being, to the end such person may account is to proceeded against as is herein after directed; and the keeper such gaol, house of correction, or prison, shall receive the tary at waiT I subsistence of such deserter, during the time that he or they in order to ill continue in his custody, for the maintenance of the said prosecution, crter, but shall not be intitled to any fee or reward on ac- Keiperof the int of his or their imprisonment) any law, usage, or custom, pr-, son to re. the contrary notwithstanding, ceive the sub-

fiftenne money for his maintenance.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Prisoner to be hit it shall and may be lawful to and for the secretary at war r the time being, upon receiving such account as aforesaid, if ^cretary sh deserter shall be taken out of the county to the militia at war)

Mmof he or they shall belong, to issue out an order, under his fid and feai, to the gaoler or keeper of the prison where such fetpr shall be confined, requiring such gaoler or keeper to de-tr such deserter to the person or persons therein named, which |Js hereby required to do) and such person or persons shall and conveyed Mopon convey such deserter in such manner, and by such a °* M9t #s the secretary at war for the time being shall direct, &c. 1non&to RMg a justice of the county to the militia whereof such defer- commitment) WpiHfr yrho shall forthwith cause bim to be conveyed Z 3 V*

33*

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 17.

to the gaol, house of correction, or other publick prison in the said county, to the end such deserter may be prc against as is herein after directed.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority af< That such deserter shall remain and be kept in such gaol 01 twcaTtldforth w'l^out bail or tnainprize, until such regiment, battal into service or annual exercise;

and he be de

where he is to remain, till the regiment

officer,

and a court-i» artial held for his trial, &c.

independant company of militia, to which such defers belong, shall be called out to annual exercise, or embod called forth into actual service, which shall first happe minded by his °cerhen commanding such regiment, battalion, c

commanding pendant company, shall iflfue out an order under his ha seal, to the gaoler or keeper of the prison where such shall be confined, requiring such gaoler or keeper to del'n deserter to the person or persons therein named, whic hereby required to do; and such officer commanding fui ment, battalion, or independant company, is hereby imp and required to summon and hold a court-martial for i of such deserter, in such manner and with the same po< authority as given and directed by the act for punishing and desertion, and the better payment of the army ai quarters; and if upon such trial such deserter shall b guilty, it shall and may be lawful to punish him in such as such court-martial shall in their discretion think fit, aj to the powers and provision of the articles of war, and act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and the better p of the army and their quarters.

And deferring

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority al att^hroe That if any ferieant major, serjeant, drum major, dn vice or at an- or ^cr»*c*c*lt» during the time the regiment, batta nual exercise, " independant company, in which he shall be inrolled ant and shall not' gaged to serve, shall be in actual service, or at annual < be apprehend-and shall not be apprehended during such time, such edduring such shall an(j m3y be apprehended and proceeded against in t beproceedel nianner as is herein before directed in the case of such against as in major, serjeant, drum major, drummer, or lifer, desertir ing the time the militia to which he shall belong is not ii service, or out at annual exercise.

XXIV. And, for the better encouragement of any p apprehend and secure such deserters as aforesaid, be it enacted, That the justice of the peace before whom at deserter shall be committed, shall and may WTue his wa writing to the clerk of the regiment, battalion, or inde| company, to which such deserter shall belong, directing t?C ire£1, nent" q^iring such clerk to pay out of the stock belonging to I a c C1'giment, battalion, or independant company, into me I such person who shall apprehend any Inch deserter, tbs twenty shillings for every deserter that shall be so and committed.

Penalty of XXV. Provided, always. That if any pe* concealing conceal, or assist, any such deserter, know deserters is person so offending shall forfeit, for every

the former case.

Persons apprehending deserters, intitled to sos. reward, by warrant from the justice to

334 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. if [1766.

put in suit by; n case the said regimental or battalion clerk shall not duly per-thrfb°nnon" ^orm the conditions comprized in the said bond, shall, and is of the Tondf- hereby required forthwith to put the said bond in suit in the don; name of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors; the full colts

and they are and charges of which suit, in case judgement shall be given a-iipon^fiiUC regimental or battalion clerk, shall be paid by him

colts and chwget, and 5l. per cent, of the money recovered;

The regimental and battalion clerks, and captains of independant companies,

to the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax, who shall likewise be intitled to, and receive to his or their own use, at the rate of five pounds per centum out 6f all such monies as shall be by him or them recovered thereon; and shall account for the reudue thereof with the proper auditor of his Majesty's the refiduc to revenue; the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax be accounted charging himself or themselves therewith, upon the next ac-for to the au- count of the land tax to be by him or them passed. ltor'

XI. And be it enacted, That the clerk ot every regiment or

battalion of militia, and the captain of every independant company of militia, in every county, riding, and place, within the part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall, between the twenty fifth day of March and the twenty fourth day of June* one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, deliver to the receiver or receivers are to deliver general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to in accounts of which such regiment, battalion, or independant company shall and di^urfir- belong, a fair account in writing, of all monies by him received ments, and disbursed for the service of the preceding year, in pursuance and pay over of this act, with proper vouchers for the same; and shall pay she bafancejo back to the said receiver or receivers general of the land tJut, surplus of such monies that shall then be in his hands; which said accounts signed by such regimental or battalion clerk, or by such captain of an independant company respectively, shall be transmitted by the said receiver or receivers general of the land tax, into the office of the proper auditor of his Majesty's revenue.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all penalties, penalties, See. all costs and charges of suit, and all sums of money, for which

any person or persons is or are by this act made answerable, may and shall be recovered in any or his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, wager at law, or protection, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fee or gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any warrant or sum of money which shall be imied in relation to, or in pursuance of, this act.

the receivers general; who are to transmit the accounts into the auditor's office.

Recovery of

No fee payable for any warrant or sum of money ifined in pursuance of this art. Officers on

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any person halfway serv- being on half-pay, and serving in the militia, shall and may, militia may anc*ie hereby empowered to receive and ujte the fubdstence--9- money by this act directed to be paid to captains, lieutenants, or enhgns; and the receiving and taking such subsistence-money money pays- by any such captain, lieutenant, or ensign, shall not be deemed

nlo llOllf A.* % # /

a receiving or taking pay, so as in any manner to prevent fact person

ble to lieut* nanta or en-

£got.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 17. 335

person on half-pay receiving his half-pay 5 and such person they taking shall take the following oath before some justice of the peace, the following who is hereby impowered to administer the same \ fustice.m

I A.B. do/wittTj That I bad not, between the any The oath,

place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Ma-jefiyj besides my allowance of half pay as a reduced in

late regiment of save and except my sub-

fifience as a lieutenant or ensign, as the case may be, for serving in the militia of the county of

1

And the taking the said oath shall be sufficient to intitle such person to receive his half-pay, without taking any other oath; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ge-

That the receiver general of the land tax, so soon as he shall receive a warrant under the hand of the colonel or commanding rant ffom the" officer of their respective regiments or battalions, certifying the commanding receipt of the cloathing, and an order from the said colonel or cer> wn-commanding officer for the money due on account of the same, ^pfof the" payable to the person or persons who furnished the said cloath- cloathing, and ing, shall pay the sum mentioned in such order to the person an order for indtled to receive the same; and such warrant and order, tqp payment, is to gether with the receipt of the person receiving the said money,

Stall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver general.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, If any regi-That in case any regiment, battalion, or independant company, shall cease and determine, during the continuance of this act, ^the sum of three shillings per diem shall be paid to such person be paid to the as has actually served as adjutant to such regiment, battalion, or adjutant from independant company, from the time such regiment, battalion, fucjLtlm10 or independant company shall cease, to the twenty fifth day of^6S>arc9 March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight.

XVII. And whereas by an act made in the last session of par- Clausein the Kament, it is enacted, That any militia man inlisting himself the.lait into any of his Majesty's other forces, shall, over and above ing^o'mtlkia any penalty or punishment to which any such militia man was man inlisting liable, be deemed to be legally inlisted, and Should, from the in any of the day on which his engagement to serve in the militia Should end, pDS* belong as a soldier to Such corps of his Majesty's other forces forccl* into which he shall have inlisted, and Should, till regularly discharged, be liable to all the duties of a soldier, and to all pains and penalties inflicted by the act for punishing mutiny and deration, and the better payment of the army and their quarters: and whereas the said provision hath been found very inconvenient, and prejudicial to the militia service; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said recited provi- repealed, fion shall be and is hereby repealed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Recruiting That in case any officer, serjeant, or other person recruiting for P*rtj*! fr?ra men to inlist and serve in his Majesty's other forces, shall, at f"rra.

Z 2 any

33$

inlisting militia men;

such inlisting deemed void.

Militia man denying, at

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 17. [1766.

any time from and after the passing of this afi, wilfully and knowingly inlist any person who, at the time of such inlisting, shall be inrolled and engaged to serve in any regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, every such inlisting shall be deemed null and void; and in case any militia man shall, at any time from and after the passing of this act, deny to any officer, fcijeant, or other person recruiting for men to inlist and serve in his Majesty's other forces, that he is, at the time of his offering to in* lift, a militia man then actually inrolled and engaged to serve;

insist'ing^hat (w.hic.hhe said officer, serjeant, or other person, is hereby^he is inrolled, quired to ask any man offering to inhit) and shall xnlift in his and engaged' Majesty's other forces, or shall offer himself to be inrolled and tofenrc; fCrve in the regiment, battalion, or independant company of be 'mroHcft0 n^a, belonging to any other county, riding, or place; every and "serve, 'in such Person so offending, on conviction thereof by the informa-any other re- tien and oath of one witness, before a justice of the peace for the county, riding, or place, wherein such person was first inrolled and engaged to serve in the militia (which oath such justice is hereby impowered and required to administer.) shall be committed to the common gaol of such county, riding, or and above any place, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for and dur-i... he j*any time nQt cxcce<jing flx months, over and above any pe-

giment, See. of militia, i« to be committed for 6 months, over and aboi penalty ]

lak; C C° nalty or punishment to which such person so offending is or shall and at the end be liable by law; and every such person so offending, from the of his engage- day on which his engagement to serve in the militia shall end, l£rve a^a fol anc* not °ner' belong as a soldier to such corps of his

dier in the corps in which he in-lifted.

Serjeants, drummers, and fifes,

guilty of misbehaviour, neglect of duty, or disobedience of orders, when the regiment,

Majesty's other forces into which he shall have been so inlisted, and shall, till regularly discharged therefrom, be subject to such duties, pains, and penalties, as the soldiers in such corps shall be liable to.

XIX. And whereas the several powers granted by the laws now in being, relating to the militia forces within that part of Great Britain called England, for punishing serjeant s^ drummers9 and fifers, for misbehaviour, disobedience of orders, or negletl of duty, during the time the militia to which they belong is not in atiual service, or is not called out to annual exercise, have been found defective and infus ficient; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any serjeant major, serjeant, drum major, drummer, or fifier, engaged to serve in any regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia, within that part of Great Britain called England, and who shall have received pay therein at any time from and after the passing of this act, during his engagement to serve in any such regiment, battalion, or independant company, and during the time the militia, to which he shall belong, is not in actual service, or out at annual exercise, shall mi(behave, be negligent in his duty, or be disobedient to the orders of the adjutant, or other his superior officer, and be thereof convicted upon the oath of the adjutant, or other his superior officer, or other credible witness, before a justice of the peace for the county, riding, or place, to the militia whereof such fajetnt

major,

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 17. 337

major, serjeant, drum major, drummer, or fifer, shall belong &c. Is not in (which oath such justice is hereby impowered and required to ad- "al/Iv, ce* minister;,) such serjeant major, serjeant, drum major, drum* nyd exercise1" mer, or fifer, (over and above any penalty or punishment to may (over and which he shall be liable by any former law) shall be committed above the to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place, wherein ^uiaytbcb" such offender shall be engaged to serve in the militia, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any. time not exceeding be committed six months. for 6 months

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any serjeant major, serjeant, drum major, drummer, or fifer, during the time the militia to which he shall belong is not in actual service, or out at annual exercise, shall desert from the regiment, battalion, or independant company, in which he shall be inrolled and engaged to serve; it shall and and desertingt may be lawful to and for any headborough, constable, or tyth- V any such ingman, of the town or place where any person who may be b^pp^/head-reasonably suspected to be such a deserter shall be found, to ap- ed, and comprehend, or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such mined} person to be brought before any justice of the peace living in or near such town or place, who hath hereby power to examine such suspected person; and if by his confession, or the testimony of one or more witness or witnesses, upon oath, or by the knowledge of such justice, it shall appear or be found that such suspected person is such a deserter, such justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place where he shall be found, or to the house of correction, or other publick prison, in such town or place where such deserter shall be apprehended; and transmit an account thereof to the of which an secretary at war for the time being, to the end such person may account is to he proceeded against as is herein after directed; and the keeper of such gaol, house of correction, or prison, shall receive the tary at full subsistence of such deserter, during the time that he or they in order to shall continue in his custody, for the maintenance of the said prosecution, deserter, but shall not be intitled to any fee or reward on ac- Keeper of the Count of his or their imprisonment; any law, usage, or custom, to re. to the contrary notwithstanding, ccive the subsistence money for his maintenance.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Prisoner to be That it shall and may be lawful to and for the secretary at war

for the time being, upon receiving such account as aforesaid, if secretary such deserter shall be taken out of the county to the militia at war; whereof he or they shall belong, to issue out an order, under his hand and seal, to the gaoler or keeper of the prison where such deserter shall be confined, requiring such gaoler or keeper to deliver such deserter to the person or persons therein named, which fie is hereby required to do; and such person or persons shall and conveyed thereupon convey such deserter in such manner, and by such of

means, as the secretary at war for the time being shall direct, ^ordtt-to before a justice of the county to the militia, whereof such defer- commitment) fgr shall belong, who shall forthwith cause. him to be conveyed

Zj IQ

33*

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 17. [1766.

into service or annual ex-trcife;

and he be demanded by his commanding officer.

and a court -! artial held for his trial, &c.

to the gaol, house of correction, or other publick prison, within the said county, to the end such deserter may be proceeded against as is herein after directed, where he is to

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, remain, till That such deserter shall remain and be kept in such gaol or prison be casted^orth w^10Ut bail or mainprize, until such regiment, battalion, or independant company or militia, to which such deserter shall belong, shall be called out to annual exercise, or embodied and called forth into actual service, which shall first happen; and the officer then commanding such regiment, battalion, or independant company, shall issue out an order under his hand and leal, to the gaoler or keeper of the prison where such deserter shall be confined, requiring such gaoler or keeper to deliver such deserter to the person or persons therein named, which he ii hereby required to do; and such officer commanding such regiment, battalion, or independant company, is hereby impowered and required to summon and Jiold a court-martial for the trial of such deserter, in such manner and with the same power and authority as given and directed by the act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and the better payment of the army and their quarters; and if upon such trial such deserter shall be found guilty, it shall and may be lawful to punish him in such manner as such court-martial shall in their discretion think (it, agreeable to the powers and provision of the articles of war, and the said act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Anddeferting

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, at the time That if any serjeant major, serjeant, drum major, drummer, victor at an- or ^er* desert, during the time the regiment, battalion, or nual exercise independant company, in which he shall be inrolled and be en-andshallnot' gaged to serve, shall be in actual service, or at annual exercise, be apprehend-and shall not be apprehended during such time, such deserter timelIhe^TiaCh anc* ma>' be apprehended and proceeded against in the same Ittproceedeif manner as is herein before directed in the case of such serjeant against as in major, ferjeanr, drum major, drummer, or lifer, deferring, dur-the former ing the time the militia to which he shall belong is not in actual cak* service, or out at annual exercise.

Persons appre- XXIV. And, for the better encouragement of any person to

bending de- apprehend and secure such deserters as aforesaid, be it further ferters, inti- enacted, That the justice of the peace before whom any such r/wanhhy" deserter shall be committed, shall and may issue his warrant in warrant from writing to the clerk of the regiment, battalion, or independant the justice to company, to which such deserter shall belong, directing and re-1 fC refi, nent* quii ing such clerk to pay out of the (lock belonging to such re-a c cl'giment, battalion, or independant company, into the hands of such person who shall apprehend any such deserter, the sum of twenty shillings for every deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed.

Penalty of XXV. Provided, always, That if any person shall harbour, Concealing conceal, or assist, any such deserter, knowing him to be so, thd ueftrters is person so offending shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum

---

1766.) Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 18. 339

of five pounds; to be levied and recovered in the same manner as any penalties of forfeitures are to be levied and recovered in and by an act of the second year of his present Majesty,

[to be levied as act 2 Geo. 3. directs.]

intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws now in being relating to the raising and training of the militia within that part of Great Britain called England.

CAP. XVIII.

An act to enable the trustees of the British museum to Change, sell, or dispose of, any duplicates of printed books, medals, coins, or other curiosities; and for laying out the money arising by such sale in the purchase of other things that may be wanting in, or proper for the said museum.

[Preamble.]

Whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intitled, An Act for the Purchase of the Museum, or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian Collection of Manuscripts; and for better providing One General Repository for the better Reception, and more convenient Use, of the said Collection, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions thereto; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, that within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, One General Repository should be erected or provided in such convenient Place, and in such Manner, as the Trustees thereby appointed, or the major Part of them, at a General Meeting assembled, should direct, for the Reception not only of the said Museum, or Collection of Sir Hans Sloane, but also of the Cottonian Library, and of the Additions which had been or should be made thereto, by virtue of the last Will and Testament of Arthur Edwards Esquire, in the said Act named, and likewise of the said Harleian Collection of Manuscripts, and of such other Additions to the said Cottonian Library as, with the Approbation of the Trustees by the said Act appointed, or the major Part of them, at a General Meeting assembled, should be made thereunto, in Manner therein-after mentioned; and of such other Collections and Libraries as, with the like Approbation, should be admitted into the said General Repository; and that the said several Collections, Additions, and Library, so received into the said General Repository, should remain and be preserved therein, for publick Use, to all Posterity: And whereas the said Collections have been greatly increased by considerable Donations from his Majesty, and the Gifts of several Noblemen and others; and it is probable that great Additions will hereafter be made thereto: And whereas there are now, and there may hereafter be, in the Various Departments of the British Museum, many Duplicates of printed Books, Medals, Coins, and other Curiosities, which it would be proper to dispose of, in order to make Room for others: May it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Five or more Trustees are empowered to order any Duplicates]

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and their Successors, or any Five or more of them, at any

340 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 19. [1766.

[of printed Books, Medals, Coins, &c. to be exchanged for Manuscripts, &c. or to be sold; and the Money laid out in purchasing such as may be wanting, or proper.]

meeting assembled, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to order any Duplicates of printed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities, to be exchanged for Manuscripts, Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities; or to direct any such Duplicates of printed Books, Medals, Coins, or other Curiosities, to be sold or disposed of, and the Money to arise by such Sale to be laid out in the Purchase of Manuscripts, Books, Medals, Coins, and other Curiosities, that may be wanting in, or proper for the said Museum; the said herein before recited Act of Parliament, or any other Act, Matter or Thing, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XIX.

An act to enable his Majesty to settle certain annuities on their royal highnesses the dukes of York, Gloucester, and Cumberland.

Most gracious Sovereign,

---

[Preamble, re- ]

WHEREAS your Majesty hath been pleased to recommend to citing clauses the consideration of your faithful commonj, that a more compe-in 9a i Geo. j. tent provision Should be made for the honourable support and maintenance of your Majesty1 s royal brothers, the dukes of York, Gloucester, and Cumberland, than the present necessary charges upon your Majestfs civil list have permitted your Majesty to make: and whereas by an act made in the first year of your Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the support of his Majesty's houtehold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain; the duties and revenues commonly called The Hereditary Revenues, together with fevered temporary duties and revenues thereby continued, and all other branches and revenues which, cn the twenty fourth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, stood settled or appointed, to be towards the support of the houjchold of his late majesty King George the second\ of blessed memory, and the honour and dignity of the crown, were (except as is therein excepted) directed to be, during your Majesty's life, carried to, and made part of, the general or aggregate funi established by an act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the first; and for the support of your Majt fly's household, and of the honour and dignity of your crown, a certain yearly relit or rents, or sum or sums of money, was or were by the said x Annas. act granted out of the said fund: and whereas by an act made in the first year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, for preserving the inheritance of several revenues of the crown, intituled An act for the better support of her Majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown; all grants thereof (other than fuebasart therein express'ed) are declared to be void: and by another act made in9 Anne. the ninth year of her said late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for establishing a general port office for all her Majesty's dominions, and for settling a weekly sum out of the revenues thereof for the service of the war, and other her Majesty's occasions, it was *-Afled, That fitch part of the duties and revenues arising in $r by thegb

nerof

34*

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 19.

neral letter office or post office, which was thereby vejled in her fold late Majesty, her heirs, and fucuffors, and therein mentioned to be undeterminable, Should not be alienable, chargeable, or grant able, for any estate, term, or time whatsoever, to endure longer than the life of the King or §)ueen that Should make such alienation, charge, or grant respectively: and that allgijis, grants, alienations, and assurances whatsoever^to be had or made of and charged upon, the same duties or revenues, or any part thereof contrary to the provision of that act, Should be null and void: and by an act made in the fifth year of your Majes- & s Geo. 3. ty*s reign, intituled An act to alter certain rates ofpostage, and to amend, explain, and enlarge, several provisions in an act made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in other acts relating to the revenue of the post office 5 it was enacted,

That all the monies arising by the rates therein before-mentioned (except as is therein excepted) Should be appropriated and applied to such end the same uses to which the then rates of postage were respectively by law appropriated and made applicable: now we having taken into conjugation the necessary charges upon your Majesty's civil list revenue, arising from the present ft ate of your royalfamily, more numerous in its branches than thefeyour kingdoms have bad the happiness of seeing it in any former reign; and thinking it highly just and reajenable that your Majesty Should be enabled to make such provision for the honourable support and maintenance of their said royal higbnesses, as may be suitable to their high rank and many princely accomplishments, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty the King's most excellent majesty, by any letters patent or inden- impowered by ture, or by several letters patent or indentures, under the great oHndeSure* seal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to give and grant tj, c r unto his dearly beloved and royal brothers the respective annu- great seal, ities or yearly rents or sums following; that is to say, one an- g1* nuity or yearly relit or sum of eight thousand pounds of lawful, nto

money of Great Britain, unto his royal highness Edward Augustus biHuyal duke of York, for and during his natural life; one other annu- highness the ity or yearly relit or sum of eight thousand pounds of lawful mo- duke of York; ney of Great Britain, unto his royal highness William Henry duke a of Gloucester, for and during his natural life; and one other an- highness nuity or yearly relit or sum of eight thousand pounds of lawful the duke ot money of Great Britain, unto his royal highness Henry Frederick Gloucester j duke of Cumberland, for and during his natural life: which said respective annuities, or yearly rents or sums, and every part J highness

thereof, shall commence and take effect from the fifth day of the duke of January, in the year of our lord one thousand seven hundred Cumberland} and sixty seven; and shall be paid and payable at the four usual ^o^mn!"ce days ot payment in the year; that is to say, the fifth day of, ^5 5 April, the fifth day of July, the tenth day of October, and the fifth and to be paid day of January, by even and equal portions; the first payment quarterly} {hereof to be made at the fifth day of Aprils in the year of our.y

LordjJuV '

the continuance of aft 1 Geo. 3.

and after the expiration thereof, then

342 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 19. [1766.

10 October, Sc Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and that the f'i^nUarmentre^PC(*ve annuities, or yearly rents or Aims, shall and may, to be made on byuch letters patent, indenture or indentures, be directed, du-5 April, 1767 i ring the continuance of the said act made in the first year of his and to be pay- present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the support of his A*C re*1 Afytfiys hou schold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown if Am|r, efuring Great Britain, to be issuing and payable our of, or charged and ' 6 chargeable upon, the duties and revenues composing the Cud fund commonly called The General or Aggregate Fund, and ever? or any of them (after paying, or referring sufficient to pay, all such sum and sums of money as hath or have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same, but with preference to all other payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, and payable out of, the said fund) oat of fudi ofand from and immediately after the expiration of the said act, fyCduties*&"c.to an<^ payable out of, or charged and chargeable

as were made* upon, all or any part or parts of such of the said hereditary du-part of the ties, revenues, and branches, as were thereby carried to, and

fw?d ky made part of, the said general or aggregate fund, and shall be

orout of such l^cn subsisting > and of such part of the rates of postage, granted of the rates by the said act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present of postage, Majesty, intituled An act to alter certain rotes of postage, and to

granteoby amend, explain, and enlarge, several provifsons in an act made in the

as dull then ninth 7*ar of ret&n of S^ueen Anne, and in other acts relating ti belong to thebe revenue of the post office, as shall then belong to, and be part of, crown. the hereditary revenue of the crown.

The said an-

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-the cwtinu^ That the said annuities or yearly rents or Aims respectively ance of the*shall, during the continuance of the said act made in the first year aft 1 Geo. 3. of his Majesty's reign, be paid and payable at the receipt of his are to be paid Majesty's Exchequer; and from and immediately after the ex-ouen Exchc' piration of the said act, either at the said receipt, or by and from and afterwards the immediate hands of all and every the of, far-either there, mers, treasurers, or receivers, for the time being, of the here-or by the re- ditary duties, revenues, and branches aforesaid, respectively, upon revenues &c. w*cbhc said respective annuities or yearly rents or sums, or on which they any Part or Parts thereof, shall be charged by virtue of this act; are charged $ and that all the said annuities, or yearly rents or sums, shall be and to be paid paid and payable without any fees or charges to be demanded or without any for paying the same, or any part thereof; and the acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of their said royal high-nesses respectively, or of such other person or persons as (halfbe by them respectively authorized and appointed to receive any such annual or yearly relit or sum, or any part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient discharge for the payment thereof, without and to be also any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in tax-free. that behalf; and that the said respective annuities, or yearly rents or sums, and every part thereof, shall be free and clear as well from the rates and assessments granted by an act made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for theftroin

fees, or charges.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 19.

343

f the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty [even* as from all taxes, impositions, and other publick charges whatsoever.

III. Provided always, That if the said respective annuities, or If the annui-yearly rents or sums, or any or either of them, or any part there-

of, shall cease to be chargeable upon and payable out of the said [£c general or aggregate fund, or any part thereof, and shall become gregate fund, chargeable upon and payable out of all or any of the said heredi- and become tary duties, revenues, and branches, between any two of the said JWacte quarterly days of payment 5 then, and in such case, such annu- ry^ewiue*!* tries respectively shall, at the next quarter day, be payable at the between any receipt of the Exchequer out of the said general or aggregate two of the fund, and out of the said hereditary duties, revenues, and quarterly days branches, in proportion to the times during which the same were the^aredieii in the course of such quarter so chargeable and payable; any to be appor-thing herein before contained to the contrary not with (landing, tioned out of

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

if the officers of the receipt of h'19 Majesty's Exchequer, or the fusing^or*' said of, farmers, treasurers, or receivers, for the time negldaiing; to being, of all or any of the hereditary duties, revenues, or branches pay the said aforesaid, upon which the said respective annuities, or yearly rents nuiJj*

or sums, or any part or parts thereof, shall be charged as afore- deeded/* said, shall refuse or neglect to pay the said respective annuities, or 9

yearly rents or sums, or any part thereof, according to the true intent of this act, and of such letters patent, indenture, or indentures, to be granted by his Majesty as aforesaid; or to do any Qrto do any act necessary to enable any or either of their said royal highnesses, aft necessary or any person or persons by them respectively authorized and to the rcguUr appointed, to receive the same; then each and every of their c

said royal highnesses respectively, to whom such annuity, or9yearly relit or (um, shall have been granted, or such other person or persons who shall be so authorized or appointed to receive the same, or any part thereof, so neglected or refused to be paid, are liable to may, from time to time, sue, prosecute, or implead, such officers, be sued. of, farmers, treasurers, or receivers, or any of them, or all or any of their Securities, heirs, executors, and administrators, by bill, plaint, or action of debt; and shall and may recover judgements, and sue out executions thereupon, against such officers, of, farmers, treasurers, or receivers respectively, and their respective Securities, heirs, executors, and administrators, for such sum and sums of money then due and owing upon any such respective annuity, or yearly relit or sum, or any part thereof, as shall be in the hands of any such officers, of, farmers, treasurers, or receivers respectively, at the time or times when demand shall have been legally made of the payment of such respective annuity, or yearly relit or sum, or any part thereof, as aforesaid, or for the refusal or neglect to do any act necessary to be done to enable any or either of their said royal highnesses, or any person or ersons by them respectively authorized and appointed, to receive the same.

*V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The oowers, gQ and every the powers, precepts, directions, and dauses, to be

contained contained

I

344 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 20. [1766.

the said let- contained in his Majesty's letters patent, indenture or indentures, ters patent, hereafter to be made as aforesaid, for the better and more certain payment and assurance of the said respective annuities, or yearly rents or sums, and for making the said respective revenues, or any of them, or any part or parts thereof, liable thereunto as declared to be aforesaid, shall be good and effectual in the law, according to good in law the tenor and purport thereof in the said letters patent, inden-according to ture or indentures, to be expressed, notwithstanding any reftiic-purport°there- tien or other matter or thing contained in the said act of par-of, liament made in the first year of her late Majesty's reign, inti-

notwithstand- tuled. An act for the better support of her Majesty's houftbold, and offg&1CA?i honour and dignity of the crown*, and notwithstanding any re-0 1 9*ftridion or other matter or thing contained in the said act madt

in the ninth year of her said late Majesty's reign, for establishing the post office, or in any other act or acts of parliament; and any misrecital, non-recital, omission, or other defest, in the bid letters patent, indenture or indentures hereafter to be made, in any wise notwithstanding.

Jfcefervation of VI. Saving to all and every person and persons, bodies poli-right*. tick an(j corporate, their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns (other than to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors) all such right, title, interest, and demand whatsoever, which they, or any of them, have, or may have, of, in, to, or out of, the revenues aforesaid, or any of them, or any part thereof, before the making of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon bast, or straw, chip, cane, and horse-batr bats and bonnets, and upon certain materials for making the same, imported into this kingdom.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the cornmm of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies for defraying your Majesty's public expends, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Additional parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That ed^upon Tm- tJlcrc ra^e<*> IcviC(U collected, and paid, unto his Ma-

portarion of jesty» his heirs, and successors, the several additional rates and the (kid goods \ duties following5 that is tQ say, viz.

6 s. per dozen For every dozen of bast, or, straw, chip, cane, and horse-bair

boMet« r*nd hals bonaet8' which, frqa*.ind after the fecund day of

345

1766.1 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 20.

April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, shall be imported into any port or place in this kingdom, the sum of six shillings.

For every pound weight, Avoirdupois, of platting, or other and 6 s. per lb. manufacture, of bast, or straw, chip, cane, or horse-hair, to wt. upon the be used in, or proper for, making of hats or bonnets, which, materials for from and after the said second day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, shall be imported into any port or place in this kingdom, the sum of six shillings.

And after those rates for any greater or less quantities of such goods respectively, over and above all other duties imposed thereon by any former act of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to be paid That the said duties shall be paid down in ready money, with- <|own r*-out any discount or allowance; and shall not be afterwards

drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of the same goods, discount;otherwise than is hereafter provided; and shall be raised, levied, and to be collected, and paid, in the same manner and form, and by such rai^ a°d rules, ways, and means, not hereby altered, and under such pe- j^mcr duties nalties and forfeitures, as are prefenbed or appointed for raising, 9

levying, collecting, and paying, the former duties of customs upon bast or straw hats imported into this kingdom, by any act or acts of parliament now in force, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures respectively relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Duties not to

authority aforesaid, That for such or the said goods as shall, be paid for upon landing, be immediately lodged and secured under the J"5J1 of King's locks, in warehouses provided at the foie expence of the*

importer or proprietor of such goods, with the privity and ap- hndingjbe probation, and under the care and inspection, of the commis- secured un-sioners or principal officers of the customs for the port where der the King's such goods shall be imported, the said duties, by this act granted, tlHrtacy are shall not be paid down till such time as the said goods shall be taken out of taken out of such warehouse by the proprietor thereof; and if the ware-such goods so taken out of such warehouse as aforesaid shall, within the space of twelve months, be afterwards exported to any coun- and

try or place from whence, by any law now in force, certificates certified for, are required to be produced under the hands and seals of the within the collector and comptroller or surveyor of the customs of the port time limited; or place, or any two of them, where such goods shall be landed, testifying the landing thereof, before any drawback is to be paid

for the same, and to no other country or place whatsoever; the proprietor or owner of such goods, so exported as aforesaid, upon producing such certificate testifying the landing of such

Soods, in the manner and within the time required by such law, a drawback lall be forthwith repaid a drawback or allowance of one half is to be repaid of the duty granted by this act, and paid for such goods; which a ties drawback or allowance shall be made in the same manner, and °*u

under

4

These duties in be paid into the Exchequer,

apart from all other monies i and to be applied as any act of thh session Audi direct.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 21, 22. [1766.

under such regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, in all respects, as any former drawback or allowance, payable out of the duties of customs upon the exportation of any goods to the same places, was, could, or might be made, by virtue of any ad now

in force.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the money anting by the said rates and duties (except the necessary charges of raising, collecting, recovering, and paying the fame} shall, from time to time, bepaid into the receipt rfhis Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distindJy and apart from all orlier branches of the publick revenue, and shall be futgeft and liable to such uses, applications, and purposes, as shall, by any act or acts of parliament in this feffioo, be directed and appointed.

CAP. XXI.

[Preamble.]

Two or more justices, tho' not of the quorum, impowered to carry certain aft* into execution.

An act to obviate inconveniences which may arise with re* speit to the execution of several acts of par lumens in such cities, boroughs, towns corporate, franchises, and liberty as have only one justice of the peace of the quorum qualified to ait within the same.

WHEREAS authority is given by divers aits of parliament to two or more justices of the peace, whereof one or more an to be of the quorum: and whereas many inconveniencies have arifei in such cities, boroughs, towns corporate, franchises, and liberties, as have only one justice of the peace of the quorum qualified to ait within the same: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this present act, all alts, orders, adjudications, warrants, indentures of apprenticeship, or other indruments, which shall be made, done, or executed, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament made or to be made, by two or more justices of the peace quali-tied to act within such cities, boroughs, towns corporate, franchises, and liberties, though neither of the said judices are of the quorum, shall be valid and effectual in law, to all intents and purposes, as if one of the said judices had been of the quorum any law, datute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXII.

An act for further allowing the importation of wheat and wheat flour, barley, barley-meal\ and pulse, free of duty9 into this kingdom from any part of Europe.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in this session of parliament, the free importation of wheat and wheat four, barley, barley-meal, peafbeans, tares, and callivancies, from any part of Europe into this kingdom, is permitted till the first day {/'June, one thonfwd seven hundred and sixty fruen: and whereas the allowing such importation for a further time will be advantageous to his MajestfsJib

jeOu

347.

*766.5 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 23.

jests: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted bvthe King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and The import* may be lawful to and for any person or persons whatsoever to import into Great Britain, in any ship or vessel whatsoever, at wheat flour, any time or times before the tenth day of September, one thousand See. allowed seven hundred and sixty seven, any wheat or wheat flour, bar-to be imoort-Ict, barley-meal, peas. Deans, tares, or callivancies, from any part^o(Europe, without the payment of any subsidy, custom, duty, or before 10 Sept, imposition whatsoever; and that the same may also, at any and may also time before the said tenth day of September\ be carried coastwise be under such regulations as wheat and wheat flour, barley, barley- coallw"e* meal, peas, beans, tares, and callivancies, of the growth of this kingdom, are now allowed to be carried coastwise; any thing in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An act to prevent frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of coals, sold by wharf measure, within the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole in the county of Middlesex.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many great frauds and impositions are practised

in the admeasurement of coals within the city ^London and the liberties thereof and at the several wharfs situate between the tower of London and Limehouse Hole in the county of Middlesex, to the great loss of the consumer9 and discredit of the fair trader, many of whom are frequently harrassed with vexatious law suits, for offences which, as the law now Jlands9 are not in their power to prevent: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the JCing's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and af- Office apter the first: day of June9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty Pointed far a seven, there mall be erected and continued within the city Qftcrnu London, in or near Thames Street, one publick office, which mall be called by the name of The Land Coal Meters Office for the City of Trondon, and between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole in the County of Middlesex; which said office shall, from and after the said first day of June9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, for and during the term of fourteen years then next ensuing, be managed by John Evans of the city of London, coal merchant, who is hereby nominated and appointed to be tha manager of such office; which office, when erected, shall be kept open every day (Sundays excepted) from the twenty fifth day of March to the twenty ninth day of September yearly, during the continuance of this act, from the hour of five in the morning till nine in the evening; and from the twenty ninth day of

Principal coal meter, &c. subject to court of aldermens

At'his decease, coi po-ration to appoint.

His oath.

Labouring nicrtct: to be appointed.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 23.

[176$.

of September to the twenty fifth day of March yearly, during the continuance of this all, from the hour of fix in the morning till fix in the evening.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said John Evans, and the principal coal meter within the limits aforesaid for the time being, and nis and their deputies or servants, ailing under him or them in the admeasurement of coals, by virtue of or in pursuance of this present ail, shall be, and they, and every of them, are hereby declared to be subject to the power, jurikliltion, and comptroll, of the court of the lord mayor and aldermen of the said city of London j and shall and may be dismissed and suspended by the said court, from the execution and emoluments of their said respective offices, upon complaint and proof of any fraud, default, negleil, or other misbehaviour in the management or execution thereof, which complaints shall and may be heard and determined by the said court in a summary way; any thing herein before contained to the contrary hereof in any ways notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the said John Evans shall happen to die before the expiration of the said term of fourteen years, the said office shall be managed by such person as shall be nominated and appointed by the lord mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common council assembled.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be capable of ailing as principal land coal meter for the city of London, until he shall, before two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the city of London (who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same) take an oath in the words or to the effell following; to wit,

I A.B. do swear, That I will truly and faithfully, according U the be ft oj my judgement and ability, excut e the office cfprincipal land coal meter for the city of London, and for all the ivharfs situate between the tower of London and Limehouse Hole in the county of Middlesex.

So help me GOD.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said John Evans, and such other person or persons that shall, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, during the continuance of this act, be nominated and appointed to manage the said office, and be or they is and are hereby authorized to appoint a sufficient number of persons to be labouring coal meters within the said city of London, and at the several wharfs situate between the tower of London and Limehouse Hole in the county of Mtdd!efex\ one of which said labouring coals metqr$ shall attend every day I (Sundays excepted) at such of the coal wharfs, warehouses, or other places of sale, within the said city of London, and at. the

coal

349

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 23.

coal wharfs, warehouses, or other places of sale, situate be* tween the tower of London and Limehouse bole in the county of Middlesex, at which he shall be fiationed by the person or persons executing the office of principal land coal jneter, during the continuance of this act, at such times as is required by the wharfinger or dealer in coals, where such meter is fiationed to measure out the coals, which shall, from time to time, be sold by wharf measure, at any of the said wharfs or warehouses where such labouring coal meters shall be so fiationed as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be capable of acting as one of the labouring coal meters, to be appointed as aforesaid, until he shall, before one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said city of London (who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same) take an oath in the words or to the effect following; to wit,

I A.B. do swear> That I will duly and faithfully, to the best of Their oath, my JkiU and knowledge, execute the office of one of the labouring teal meters for the city of London, and the several wharfs situate. between the tower of London and Limehouse Hole in the county of Middlesex; and that I will truly and impartially measure all coal$3 between buyer and feller, without favour or hatred.

And the said justices respectively, who shall administer the Oaths tobe oaths by this act directed to be taken, are hereby required to recorded, certify the taking thereof to the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the said city of London after the taking of such oaths respectively, there to remain on record*

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by authority afore- Coal meters said. That if the said principal coal meter, or any of the persons not inu to be employed under him, shall at any time or times hereafter, of coals.

during his or their respective continuance in their office or employment aforesaid, be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the sale of any coals whatsoever, otherwise than in their said respective offices; he or they respectively so offending,

shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty '

pounds; and being thereof convicted before the said court of ord mayor and aldermen, shall be dismissed from his or their laid respective office or employment, and be for ever disabled from holding or executing the same or any other under this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 3l. Penalty on That if any of the said labouring coal meters, having notice labouring in writing given to him or them to attend at any wharf within ^aScndin the limits aforesaid, to be named in such notice, at any parti-^notke.* 8 cular hour of the next day to be therein mentioned, in order to measure the coals of the person giving such notice, shall refuse or neglect to attend and do his or their duty accordingly; eve*

1 coal meter shall, for every such offence, forfeit

So help me GOD.

and

Stations of labouring meters to be frequently varied.

Coals to be measured in prelence of a labouring meter.

Coal meters tee.

Tickets to be delivered.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 23 [1766.

and pay the sum of three pounds; which sum, if not paid within one calendar month next after the conviction of the offending party, shall or may be recovered of or from the said principal coal meter for the time being, in like manner as might have been against the party so convicted.

IX. And, in order to prevent confederacy, be it enacted, That the Rations to be appointed to and for the labouring coal meters, at the said wharfs, shall be frequently varied by the principal coal meter, or the person or persons executing the office of principal coal meter, in such manner as he or they shall think fit.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all coals which, from and after the said first day of June, shall be sold as and for wharf measure, at any place or places within the said city of London, or at any of the several wharfs, wharehouses, or other places, situate between the tower of London and Limehouse Hole in the county of Middlesex, shall be measured in the presence of one of the said labouring coal meters, in such manner as is directed in and by an act of parli* ment made and passed in the sixteciith and sevenreenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for regulating the measures and prices of coals 5 and the said labouring coal meters shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, to fill up any bushel or bushcls of coals, as shall appear to him or them to be deficient or wanting in measure, out of the ilock of coals, of the person or persons fo vending or contracting for the sale of the said coals.

XI. And be it turther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That four pence by the chaldron, for every chaldron of coals which, from and after the said first day of June, shall be sold and delivered at any wharf, warehouse, or place, within the said city of London, and the liberties thereof, or between the tower of London and Limehouse Hole in the county of Aftddlefnr, shall be paid by the person who keeps the wharf, warehouse, or place, where such coals are carted from, of by the feller of such coals, to the principal land coal meter for the time being, or to the labouring coal meters, for the purposes following; that is to say, Part of the said sum for the use of the said principal coal meter, as a recompencefor his labour and trouble, and for defraying the charges of his clerks, messengers, house relit, fire, candles, and all other expences incident to the execution of the office aforesaid, and the other part for the hire of the labouring coal meters; and thereupon such principal land coal meter shall, and he is hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to every feller of such coals, or the carmen who dial] cart, lead, drive, or carry, the same, a paper writing or ticket, sign- I cd by the said principal land coal merer, and countersigned by ] the said labouring coal meter attending and delivering the famet in which shall be contained as well the christian and (irnatne of the respective feliers, as of the consumers of the said coals, the quantity and day of the week, month and year of the delivery

351

i

1766, 5 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 23.

and admeasurement, the amount of the metage charge, and the names of the carmen or persons employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry, the same coals; and also shall contain a notice to the purchaser or purchasers of the said coals, that if he, she, or they, is or are dissatisfied with the measure thereof, which diflatimftion mud be expressed to the carman before any part thereof are (hot or unladen from the said cart; which said ticket being thus made compleat and metage paid, shall be delivered unaltered by the labouring coal meter countersigning the same, without delay, to the carman or person employed to cart, carry, drive, or lead, the coals described in such ticket to the consumer therein named; which said ticket unaltered, the carman or person therein named to be employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive, the coals in such ticket described, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the respective consumers therein named, or to their agent or servant who shall attend to receive the coals described in such ticket, for the use of such consumer, and thereupon he, she, or they, are hereby required to pay to the feller named in such ticket the metage therein specified: and if the labouring coal meter, countersigning such ticket, shall, after payment of the metage charge in pursuance of this act, refuse to deliver such ticket as herein before directed to the carman or person employed to cart, lead, drive, or carnr, the coals therein described; such labouring coal meter shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings: and if such carman or person employed to cart, carry. Penalties on lead, or drive, the coals described in such ticket, shall, after altering tho same ticket shall have been so delivered to him by the la- Tlcket*, &c. muring coal meter countersigning the same, either alter, or icgtedt or refuse to deliver the same ticket, to the consumer herein named, or to the agent or servant who shall attend to wceive the tolls described in such ticket; such carman or person smployed to cart, lead, or drive, the coals described in such tic-cet, shall like wife forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the tun of ten shillings.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if or carrying my cart or carts loacted, or in which any quantity of coals, ex- coals without reeding seventeen bushels, shall be sent or driven from any

wharf, warehouse, or place, within the said city of London and the liberties thereof, or from any wharf, warehouse, or place,

Btuate between the tower of London and Limeboufi Hole in the

DOtxnty of Middlesex, without having first obtained such ticket'm aforesaid; that then, and in every such case, the vender of the said coals, being convicted thereof by the oaths (or being one of the people called quakers, by affirmation) of two or more witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's justice or justices of the peace for the said city of London or county of Middlesex, and which he and they are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer and take, shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds.

XIII. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, Dimensions of That if any wharfinger, or dealer in coals, shall, at any time rwk*

A a 2, or

Penalty on wharfingers, fcc. bribing meters j

352 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 23? [176^.

or times hereafter, during the continuance of this act, make use of one or more sack or sacks for the carrying of coals with* in the city of London and the liberties thereof, or at any whai£ warehouse, or place, situate between the tower of London and Limekoufe Holt in the county of MiddlefeXj of less dimenfiont than four feet in length, and two feet m breadth, being convicted thereof by the oaths (or being one of the people called Quakers, by affrotation) of two or more credible witnesses before one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the city of London or county of Middlesex, and which he and they are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer and take, shall, for every offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any wharfinger, or dealer in coals, shall directly or indirectly give, or cause to be given, to any labouring coal meter within the city of London and the liberties thereof, or at any wharf, warehouse, or place, situate between the tower of London and Limehouse Holt in the county of Middlesex, at any time or times hereafter, during the continuane of this act, any sum or sums of money, or other fee, reward or gratuity whatsoever, over and besides the four pence per chaldron herein before enacted and allowed for the charges of metage, being convicted thereof by the oaths (or being one of the people called Qltakers, by affirmation) of two or more credible witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the city of London or the county of MidJlefexy and which he and they are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer and take, shall, for every such offence, forfeit ard pay the sum of twenty pounds, and on meters

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Qk. That if any labouring coal meter shall, at any time or timei to be used, hereafter, during the continuance of this act, use, or permit or suffer sacks to be made use of, for the measuring or carrying of coals, of less dimensions than four feet in length, and two to in breadth, at any place or places within the city of London vd the liberties thereof, or at any wharf, warehouse, or placet situate between the tower of London and Limehouse Holt in the county of Middlesex, being convicted thereof by the oaths (or being one of the people called Quakers, by affirmation) of two or more credible witnesses, before one or more of his Majestys justices of the peace for the city of London or county of Aftddlh fix, and which he and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to srdminister and take, shall, for every offence, forfeit and pay the sum of lorty shillings.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afbit» said. That if any labouring coal meter, to be appointed and qualified pursuant to this act, shall at any time or times here-after, during the continuance of this act, deliver a false or counterfeit ticket to any dealer, consumer, carman, or other person, with intent to prejudice or defraud any person or gr-

cr otherwise not performing their duty.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. zf. ZBi

ions whatsoever, or shall take or receive from any dealer hi roals any sum or sums of money, fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, over and besides the four pence per chaldron herein before enacted and allowed to be taken for die metage charge; or if any such labouring coal meter shall wilfully make, permit, or suffer to be made, false measures of coals, at any place or places within the city of London, and the liberties thereof, or at any wharf, warehouse, or place, situate between the tower of London and Limehouse Hole in the county of Middlesexj being in any or either of the said cases convicted thereof, by the oaths (or being one of the people called Quakers, by affirmation) of two or more credible witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the city of London, or the county of Middlesex, and which he and they are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer and take, shall, for every offence in either of the said cases, forfeit and pay the sum or five pounds, and be rendered incapable of ever serving the reafter in the office of a coal meter.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this exemptions aft shall not extend to the owners of any works for raising wa- with respect ier by fire, nor to the owners ojf any coals to be bought, fold, and delivered as and for pool measure, but that they shall and may have one chaldron of coals, or more, delivered under the fafpe&ion of his or their own agent (in the sbfence of a me-fer) and in that case, such persons are hereby respectively exempted from payment of any metage charge, by virtue of this; but if such persons shall require the care or attendance of any meter to be appointed in pursuance of this act, then, and In such cafq, they shall pay the metage charge of four pence by 1 the chaldron hereby laid, as other consumers of coals are hereby obliged, or ought to do, in pursuance of this act; any thing herein before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalty on That if any such labouring coal meter shall, from and after meters suffer-be laid first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and six-in£co?1* to y seven, wittingly or willingly suffer any coals sold as and for Eeingmea-vharf measure (exceeding the quantity of seventeen bushels) fureu. o be sent from any wharf or warehouse within the said city of Znndon^ and the liberties thereof, or from any wharf or ware-louie situate between the tower of London and Limehouse Hole A the county of Middiefext without being measured in the nanner herein before directed, and shall not give information icreof to the principalland coal meter, or his deputies, at the lid office, within two days next after such coals shall have eeo sent as aforesaid, and shall be duly convicted thereof, by !se oaths of two or more credible witnesses; such labouring coal leter shall from thenceforth be for ever rendered incapable of Sting as a labouring coal meter within the limits comprized in bdt aft, and forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds. Coals may b*

JOX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho* remeasured, fry aforesaid) That if any person shall be dissatisfied with, or A a 3 thicvls,

354

Cabmen to be paid is. 6d. per hour, when (lopped to remeasure coals.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 23.' [176&

think him or herrelf aggrieved by or in themeasure of any coals sold to him or her by wharf measure within the limits aforesaid, and shall upon delivery to him or her of the meter's ticket accompanying such coals, signify his or her detire to have the same remeasured; then, and in every such case, the carman or driver of the cart or other carriage, in which the said coals shall be brought, shall continue at the house or lodging of the puchaser of the said coals, with the said coals and said cart until they are remeasured; and the said purchaser shall immediately fend or cause to be sent to the vender of the said coals, or to his or her wharf, notice in writing, that the said coals are going to be remeasured, and also Tend notice thereof to the land coal meter's office; and thereupon the said principal meter, or one of the labouring meters (not being the meter under whose inspection the said coals were originally measured) shall, within the space of two hours next after such notice in writing left at the land coal meter's office aforesaid, attend to remeasure the said coals, and shall accordingly remeasure the same, feck by sack, in the presence of the vender and purchaser of the said coals, or their agents or servants, if any of them shall attend and desire to fee the same remeasured; for which re-admeasure-xnent the purchaser shall pay the principal meter the sum of six pence for every chaldron of coals so remeasured: and in case the coals thus remeasured shall not amount to the j quantity for which they were fold, then the vender of such coals shall forfeit and pay for every bushel of coals found deficient the sum of five pounds, and also forfeit every chaldron of coals so found deficient or wanting in measure to and for the use of the poor of the parish where the said coals shall be so remeasured; and the labouring meter, under whole inspection the coals were first measured, shall, for every bushel so deficient, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings*; which sum, if not paid within five days next after his conviction, shall and may be recovered from the person executing the office of principal meter for the time being; and the coal porten who shall measure the same for the vender thereof, shall, fee every bushel of coals so wanting, forfeit and pay the sum of two shillings and six pence.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any cart shall be (topped or detained for the purpose or pretence of re-admeafiiring the coals laden thereon, the owner of every such cart shall be intitled to the sum of two shilling and six pence per hour, for every hour the cart shall be so detained, oyer and above the usual cartage of such coals; which two shillings and six pence per hour shall be paid by the vender of the said coals, in case the same shall, upon such re-admeasurement, be found deficient in measure; or by the purchaser of the said coals, in case the same shall not be remeasured, or shall, upon such re-ad-measurement, be found to amount to the quantity for which tfic same vere fold.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 23; .355

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho- Dealers of-

rity aforesaid, That no feller of, or dealer in, coals, within the j; cr

limits aforesaid, shall, for any offences under this act, be Tub- jjaye t*Q jcdor liable to any other penalty, forfeiture, or disability, than nalties of aft what are herein before respectively inflicted or enacted, in or by 3 Geo. the act of the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the better regulation of the toal trade, or any other law, Statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority Recovery and aforesaid, That the aforesaid several forfeitures and penalties im- application posed, and to be incurred, by virtue or under this present act, Penalties, shall be recovered and applied in the manner, and to and for the &c# purposes, following (that is to say) such and so many of the

laid forfeitures and penalties as do and shall exceed the sum of five pounds, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster\ the one moiety of which laid forfeitures and penalties (that is, where each of them exceeds five pounds) shall be to and for the use of our sovereign lord the King, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety thereof (with full costs of suit) to and for the use of such person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same; and all other the aforesaid forfeitures and penalties shall be recovered by way of complaint made unto any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the city of London, or for the said county of Middlesex, who is and are hereby required to call the parties before him or them, and to hear and examine such complaint on oath, or upon affirmation (in case any testimony in this respect shall be given by any of the people called gtuaters, and which oath or affirmation such justices are hereby respectively required and empowered to administer and take) and upon due proof thereof made to his or their satisfaction, to grant a warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, for levying such forfeitures and penalties accordingly; the one moiety thereof to and for the use of the informer, and the other moiety thereof to and for the use of the poor of the parish in which such offences shall have been respectively committed; and in case such forfeitures or penalties shall not (after such conviction or convictions) be forthwith paid, that then the same shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattles of the respective offenders, by warrant or warrants under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of such justice or justices of the peace, before whom such offender or offenders shall be convicted, rendering the overplus (if any be) to such offender or offenders; and for want of fumcient distress, such offender or offenders shall be committed to hard labour for any time not exceeding thirty days, and not less than seven clays, there to remain and be kept to hard labour.

XXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and Person» ag-dedared. That if any person so convicted as think, himself aggrieved, he may appeal to the

general quarter quarter ftt sessions non*.

35$

Anno septimo Georgii IQ. C. 13.' [1766.

sessions of the peace to be held for the city of London or county of Middlesexnext after such conviction, but not afterwards; and that sessions, when so appealed to, shall, at the then next sessions after bringing such appeal, hear and finally determine the same; and if the appellant in such appeal shall not make

!; ood, support, and succeed in such his appeal, or prosecute the ame with effect, the said court of sessions shall then award such posts as they shall think reasonable, to be then and there in open court, with the penalty adjudged on and by such conviction, paid to the prosecutor or informer; and for want thereof to commit the person or persons thus appealing to the common gaol of and for the city of London or the county of Middlesex^ and there to remaiq until he or they shall and do make actual payment of such costs and penalty, to the person or persons to whom the same shall be awarded, for the purposes aforesaid; but in case the said appellant shall make good, support, and succeed in such his appeal, and be acquitted of his conviction, the same court shall, in that case, award to such appellant reasonable costs, to be then and there in open court paid to him or them, by the person or persons on whose information or prosecution such conviction shall have been founded or made; and for want of such payment, the said court of sessions shall commit such informers and prosecutprs respectively to the common gaol of the fiud city of London or the county of Middlesex, there to remain until he or they shall and do actually pay to such appellant the cods lb respectively awarded to them as aforesaid; but no conviction to be pronounced or made by virtue of or under this act, shall be quadied or vacated for want of form only, tfo Certiorari.

XXIV. And it is hereby enacted, That no writ of Certiorari

shall issue or be iflfuable to remove the record of any conviction, or proceedings thereon to be taken, made, or pronounced, in pursuance or by the authority of this act into any of his said Majesty's courts of record at Westminster. limitation of

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^tious. That if any action, information, or suit, shall be brought, filed, or prosecuted, against any person or persons, for any thing to be done in pursuance of this act, the same shall be commenced or filed within two months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the city of London, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in or to such adioos, General issue. suits, or informations, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence on any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of this act: and if the same shall appear so to have been done, or if any such action, suit, or information, shall be brought or filed after the time for this purpose herein before in this respect limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other county or place, then the jury, in every such case, shall find for the defendant or defendants; and it the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or adioos, pr if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs; or if

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii IE. c. 14. 357

upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or Treble costs, plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have full costs, and Such remedy for the recovery of the same, as any defendant or defendants nath or have for costs of suit in other cases by law.

[Publick act.]

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this present act shall be deemed, judged, and taken to be*

a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and all other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Term of the aforesaid, That this act shall continue and be in force for four-

teen years from and after the said first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty Seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for raising the Sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and a lottery, attended with annuities to be charged on the sinking fund.

[Preamble.]

The sum of t, 500, 000k granted; to be raised, viz. 900, 000k thereof by annuities, and 6oo, ooool. by a lottery. Natives or foreigners, who, in books opened at the bank, have subscribed to the said sum of 900, 000 k and deposited 15l. per cent, of their subscription-money, are to pay the remainder as herein directed. 10l. per cent, by7 May, 1767 $ xok per cent, by % 6 June; 15k per cent, by7 August; 151, per cent, by 15 Sept. 15k per cent, by 30 October; and 15k percent, by 17 Nov. sub-fenptions to the lottery to be paid, viz. 05k per cent, by 16 June; 30l.per cent by 18 July; and 40k per cent, by xi Sept. Subscriben to the laud sum ofjoo, ooool. in titled to an annuity of 3k per cent. Interest to commence from 5 Jan. 1767. The 600, 000 k to be raised by a lotteiy, to carry an interest of 3L per cent, to commence from 5 Jan. 1768. Interest on both sums to be paid half-yearly, on 5 July, & 5 Jan. Subscribers paying the whole of their subscriptions towards the annuities on or before7 October, and to the lottery, on or before 14. July, to be allowed interest, by way of discount, for the same. Tickets for the lottery to be delivered to subscribers coropleating their subscriptions. Annuities made transferable. Receipts to be given for the money paid in towards the said sum of 000, 0001. the same are made transferable. Cashier of the bank to give security for duly accounting for, and paying over the said monies into the exchequer! Treasury to apply the money to the services voted this session. Names of contributors to be entered in books to be provided by the accomptant general of the bank; to be inspected gratis^ Duplicate to be traqimitted into the auditor's office of the exchequer. Contributors, duly paying thjrir contribution monies, intitled to a proportionable share of the annuities; assd the same are to be tax-free; but where the sums subscribed shall not be duly paid, the deposit, &c. is forfeited to the publick Credit to be given, in the books at the bank, to contributors compleating their payments to the said sum of 900, 000 k Persons, to whose credit such sums shall be placed, may assign the same; the said sums to carry 31, per cent, interest* and be deemed transferable Hock. Annuities charged on the sinking fund. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them after to the calbiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books with the remainder of the tickets. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with silk; and cut off indentwise into a box marked with the letter (A) box to be locked up and sealed. Books to be prepared with % columns, on each of which 60, 000 tickets to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. 500 k to the fiat drawn ticket, and'1000k to the last drawn. Tickets of the outermost columns of thf last mentioned

i

35

[Preamble.]

Anno septimo Georgii III. c.

[176

book to be rolled up and tied, and cut out indentwUe, into a box marked with the letter (B) box to be locked up and sealed. Publick notice to be

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

fiven of the times of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin rawing on 16 Not. 1767. Method to be observed in drawing, &c. After each day's drawing, the boxes to be locked up and felled. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums, to be printed. Disputes relating thereto, to be adjustedby the managers. Penalty of forging tickets or certificates, felony. Managers to be sworn. Cashier, on receiving the residue of the sums subscribed, the bearers intitled to one lottery ticket for every 101, subscribed. Contributors not making good their payments with respect to the said lottery, within the times limited, to forfeit their deposits 3 and the tickets for such sums to be delivered back into the exchequer. Managers, See. to be paid by the comnrflioners of the treasury. Limitation of sale of chances, &c. Penalty. Persons felling shares in tickets of which they are notpofTdled, forfeit coo 1. Offences committed in Ireland against alts for preventing unlawful lotteries, declared to be punishable, and may be sued for in Dublin. After the drawing of the lottery, the tickets to be exchanged for certificates. Managers to give notice of the time for taking in the tickets, and delivering out the certificates, Sec. Books to be kept for entering persons names, and the number of their tickets, &c. Certificates to be signed, Sec. Accomptant general to give credit for the principal sums in the certificates. Alignments may be made of the said sums, See. Certificates to be filed and cancelled, and notes to be given in lieu thereof. Bank to employ a chief clerk and accomptant general. Monies to be issued out of the sinking fund, from time to time, to the said clerk, for payment of the annuities $ who is to apply the same accordingly, and render an account thereof. Accomptant general to infptrt the receipts and payments, with the vouchers. Annuities deemed a personal eft ate, and to be added to the joint stock transferable at the bank; subject to redemption. Transfer books to be kept by the accomptant general. Method of transferring dock. Annuities deviseable by will. Entry to be made of such clause in the will. Treasury to pay all incident charges attending the execution of this art; and to make an allowance to the cashier, and «c-comptant general; to be at the disposal of the governor and company of the bank. Bank to continue a corporation till these annuities be redeemed, Scc. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying the contribution-monies, annuities, Sec. on penalty of 101.

CAP. XXV.

An act for redeeming one fourth part of the joint stock of

annuities established by an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting to

his Majesty several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom; and certain duties upon all cyder and perry; and for raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the said duties.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS inpurfuanct of an act made in the third year of your Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom; and certain duties upon all cyder and perry; and fof raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the said duties; the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds was roiftd far the public fervite\ which sum was to be deemed one -5 td

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 25: <359

tal and joint floci, and to be attended with annuities after the rati of four pounds per centum, redeemable by parliament: and whereas your Majestfs most dutiful and Ioypl subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, have resolved\ that one fourth part of the said capital stock be redeemed and paid off on the fifth day of January, one thousand j'even hundred and sixty eighty and several public notices have been given of the said resolution by the speaker of the house of commons, pursuant to the order of that house: Therefore your faithful commons do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That such notices as aforesaid shall be, and be deemed, adjudged, tiontore-and taken to be, good and sufficient notice or notices within the deem one true intent and meaning of the said a £1, for the redemption of fourth part one fourth part of the said capital and joint (lock, and of the So3cCof a2-annuities attending on such part; and the same shall be redeem- nuities efU^ able and redeemed accordingly. blished by a ft

3 Geo. 3. deemed good*

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The sum of on Qr before the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hun-75»°?°1-dred and sixty eight, there shall and may be issued and paid to ^wnc^alid the governor and company of the bank of England the sum of company of ' eight hundred and seventy five thousand pounds, out of all or the bank, oat any the aids or fypplics granted in this session of parliament of the flip-(except any particular aid or supply which hath been, or shall th^iSn^i be, in the same session, specially and intirely appropriated to any fa paying off one particular use or purpose) which sum shall be applied by the foeh one said governor and company in payment of the like (urn of eight f^jtbp* hundred and seventy five thousand pounds, for the redemption

and full satisfaction of one fourth part of the said sum of three*

millions five hundred thousand pounds, which was raised under the authority of the said act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and To much on or before the said fifth day of January, one thousand seven money as hundred and sixty eight, there shall and may, by order of the &alt be ne* of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, ^schTree^f or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further or the annuities other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf, attending the be issued and paid, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, to "°*'the governor and company of the bank of England, by way of of the linkiing imprest and upon account, out of the surplusses, excesses, orfundj*overplus monies, commonly called The sinking fundy such sum of money as shall be necessary for the discharge of the annuities attending such one fourth part of the said capital and joint (lock, from the tenth day of Oflobcry one thousand seven hundred and" sixty seven, to the fifth day of January following, inclusive; which sum shall be applied by the said governor and company h) whichtbeyare tJiftharge of such annuities accordingly* at the same time that to^, yjac"

66

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. (i?66;

the respective principal monies composing such one fourth part shall be paid and satisfied; and that all such annuities, inrefpedk of such one fourth part, shall cease and be extinguished from the said fifth day of "January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight.

Monies issu- 1V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

ing out of the sums of money which shall be issued and applied by virtue S^mUced. ^s out A* forpluflcs, excesses, or overplus monies,

for payment of the said annuities, shall be made good and replaced by and out of the supplies to be granted in the next session of parliament.

Annuities to V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-)k paid up to jjty aforesaid, That if all or any part of the principal monies 5 jan. 17.pompofing such part of the said capital and joint stock hereby intended to be redeemed, shall be paid and satisfied at the bank of England before the said fifth day of Januaryr one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, the said governor and company shall, notwithstanding the same, pay, and they are hereby impowered to pay, in respect of the principal monies so discharged, the full sums which the annuities attending the same would have amounted to on the said fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; any thine herein, or in any other.aft, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

T"canay:

VI. Provided always, 'and be it further enacted and declared

unredeemed/ by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth to continue/ day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, the and be charg- annuities attending such part of the said capital and joint stock pa ^eoutof* remain unredeemed, shall continue to be charged and the fundi1 on*chargeable upon such funds, and shall be paid thereout in such which they manner, as all the said annuities are now charged and payable. Hand charged.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho-Bank not to rfty aforesaid, That the said governor and company, or any diAbiliiy member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason for what of his or their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this adh they shall do in pursuance of this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing therein contained, such person or persons shall and may General issue, plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his and their defence: and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discon-r tinue his or their action, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him or them, upon demurrer or otherwise; then Treble costs. mch defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for redeeming the remainder of the joint stock of annuities established by an act made in the third year of his

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. iff. jtff

present Majtftfs reignV its respeSl of several navy, viflUaU tog* and transport bills, ordnance debentures.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the third

jwz/r Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures; and for charging the payment of such annuities on the sinking fund; and making good the same to the said fund, in manner therein mentioned; it was provided and dt- retted^ That all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, who Should within the time therein limited, deliver in certain navy, victualling) and transport bills, and ordnance debentures, to be cancelled in manner thereby directed, should\ for the principal sum or sums contained therein, and also for the interest marked upon such of the said bills as bore an interest be respectively intit led to and have an annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and to be payable half yearly at the bank of England, to such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or such as he, she, or they Should appoint his, her, or their executors* administrators, successors, or assigns* until redemption thereof by parliament in manner therein mentioned; and that all such monies Should bi deemed to be capital or one joint stock on which the said annuities Should be attending: and whereas the several principal monies contained in the bills and debentures delivered in and cancelled, together with such interest as aforesaid, which were converted into a capital or joint stock in pursuance of the said att, did amount to the sum of three millions four hundred eighty three thousand five hundred fifty three pounds* one shilling, and ten pence: and whereas, in pursuance of two atts made in the fifth and sixth years of your Majesty's reign, one half of the said capital or joint stock hath been redeemed, whereby the said flock was reduced to the sum of one million seven hundred and forty one thousand seven hundred and seventy six pounds, ten shillings* and eleven pence: and whereas your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects* the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, have rejolvea that the remainder of the said capital stock be redeemed and paid off on the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and several public notices have been given of the said resolution by the spealer of the house of commons* pursuant to the order of that house: Therefore your faithful commons do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That such notices as aforesaid shall be, and be Notices given deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, good and sufficient notice of*-or notices within the true intent and meaning of the said act of the third year of his Majesty's reign, for the redemption of the mainder of remainder of the said capital or joint (lock, and of the annuities the joint

attending fto?k of an-mutics efta*

62

btished by act 3 Geo. 3. deemed good. The Turn of «.74*»7761

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 26. [1766.

attending thereon; and the same shall be redeemable and re* deemed accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on or before the twenty fifth day of, one thousand fe-

paid to the governor and company of the bank, out of the supplies granted

stock)

and (b much money as shall be necessary for discharge of the annuities atendiner the same, to

sot. 1 id. to be ven hundred and sixty seven, there shall and may be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, the sum of one million seven hundred and forty one thousand seven hundred and seventy six pounds, ten shillings, and eleven pence, out of all or any the aids or supplies granted in this session of. _ parliament (except any particular aid or supply which hath been

for*r«leem'in or 111 ^ie ^ame kon» speciall}'and intirely appropriated

the saidjSnt8 to any one particular use or purpose) which sum shall be applied - by the said governor and compsmy, in payment of the like sum

or one million seven hundred and forty one thousand seven hundred and seventy six pounds, ten shillings, and eleven pence, for the redemption and full satisfaction of the remainder of the said capital or joint fiock.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on or before the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, there shall and may, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf, be issued and paid, at the receipt of his Majesty*

P?th1 fCT?out exchequer, to the governor and company of the bank of Eng-tund* l<wd> by way of imprest and upon account, out of the surplusses,

excesses, or overplus monies, commonly called The sinking fund

(upon which the said annuities were charged by the said act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign) such sum of money as shall be necessary for the diteharge of the annuities attending such remainder of the said joint stock from the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, to the twenty fifth day of December following inclusive; which sum shall be applied by the said governor and company in discharge of such annuities accordingly, at the same time that the said principal monies composing the remainder of the said capital or joint stock shall be paid and satisfied; and that all such annuities shall cease and be extinguished from the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the sums of money which shall be iifiied and applied by virtue of this act out of the said surplusses, excesses, or overplus monies, for payment of the said annuities, shall be made good and replaced by and out of the supplies to be granted in the next session of parliament.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if all or any part of the said principal monies hereby intended to be redeemed, shall be paid and satisfied at the bank of England before the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, the said governor.

and which they are to apply accordingly.

Monies issued out of the sinking fund to be replaced.

Annuities to be paid up to5>cc. 1767.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III.' c. 27.' 363

and company shall, notwithstanding the same, pay, and they are hereby impowered to pay, in respect of the principal monies so discharged, the full sums which the annuities attending the same'would have amounted to on the said twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; any thing herein, or in any other act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority Bank not to

aforesaid, That the said governor and company, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of his or whatthey their doing any matter or thing in pursuance or this act. shall do m

pursuance of this act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing therein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his and their defence: and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their action, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him or them upon demurrer, or otherwise; then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them awarded Treble costs. against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for extending the royalty of the city of Edinburgh over certain adjoining lands; and forgiving powers to the magistrates of Edinburgh for the benefit of the said city, and to enable his Majesty to grant letters patent for establishing a theatre in the city of Edinburgh, or suburbs thereof.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament passed in the twenty sixth Preamble, re-year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, citing act intituled An act for erecting several publick buildings in the city

of Edinburgh, and to impower the trustees therein mentioned to purchase lands for that purpose; and also for widening and enlarging the streets of the said city, and certain avenues leading the reunto; it is enacted, That certain perfom therein named qs truj-tees, or any seven of them, shall have full power and authority to agree with the owners and occupiers of such houses as lie\ on the north side of the high street of the said city; and having purchased the same, to order the said houses to be pulled down, and the ground or area to be employed in such manner as the said trustees shall appoint, for rendering access to the said city and high street thereof more easy and commodious: and whereas the said trustees, in execution of the powers ve/led in them by the said act, did ere ft an exchange near the centre of the city; and did afterwards pay over the balance of the monies then remaining in their hands, which amounted to three thousand pounds jler-» or thereabouts, to the magijlratts and council, to be applied fir

rendering

i*4 Ailno septimo Georgii III. [1766.

tendering access to the city more easy and commodious: and whereat the extending the limits of the city of Edinburgh has been found necessary, as well for the benefit of trade and commerce, as for the convenient and health of the inhabitants, who are of late greatly increased: and whereas the lord provost, magistrates, and council of the said city, as well in farther execution of the before-receited act* as in view to tie extension aforesaid, have expended large sums of money in purchasing houses and areas on the north side of the high street of the said city and in building a bridge, whereby an easy and proper communication will be opened to the city: and whereas the grounds after mentioned are without the royalty of the said city\ and it being jufi and reasona-bU that the royalty of the said city Should be extended over tkefe grounds, in confederation of the great expend the city has been and will be put to in building the said bridge, and making the communication and atctfi to the said city otherwise easy\ and for the equal apportioning ofpub-lick burdens and benefits, and administration of justice ammgfi all the real inhabitants of the place; but at this salutary purpose cannot bt accompli Shed without the authority of parliament^ and as the proprietors of the several parcels of ground after mentioned, have either consentei, or are bound by their titles to consent, that their respective lands shall be included within the royalty of the city of Edinburgh, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal fuhjefls, the lord provost, magistrates and council of the city^/"Edinburgh, on behalf of them]elves and community of the said city, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent

majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament af-The royalty sembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after «JP*V. the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thou- j tended.^an(^even hundred and sixty seven, the royalty of the city of j Edinburgh shall be extended over, and comprehend the following lands, which now belong in property to the said city, videlicet, Thirty four acres, one rood, twelve falls, and twenty six ells, being part of the lands and barony of Broughton: also thirty two acres of the lands called Barefoot Parks: also six acres, ten falls, and twelve ells of lands of Moultreeshill: also two acres, two roods, thirteen falls, and twenty four ells, and one rood, thirty five falls, and twelve ells, likewise parts of the said barony of Broughton, and lately purchased from James Hogz and Katharine Thomson: and also the lands called Forglen and Allen's Parks, the lands of Caltonhill, the lands of Greenfide, and the lands of Pic-tardy (excepting such parts of the lands of Calton Hill which lie within the barony of Wefier RejUlridge, and do not belong in property to the city of Edinburgh) and also these other lands which have been feued by the governors of George Herriot's hot pital, to the several persons after-mentioned, under an expreb condition and covenant, that in case the royalty of the city of Edinburgh Should at any time thereafter be extended, so as to comprehend their grounds, they, their heirs and assigns, or the proprietors of the said grounds for the time, Should not only be subjected to build such houses as they shall build thereon, agree-

ably I

3 6

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 27.

ably to the plan to be concerted by the town council of Edinburgh, and other ir^nagers for the time; but likewise the said houses to be built thereon shall be subject and liable to pay the same publick burdens as the other inhabitants of the city are subject and liable to pay; videlicet, Four acres, feued to Hew Crawsurd; five acres, twenty-four falls, and twenty one ells, to jfatnes Grant; twelve acres, one rood, and thirty nine falls, to James Stuart; one acre, two roods, and nineteen falls, to 'Andrew Chalmer; two acres and one rood to John Jardine; nine acres, one rood, thirty three falls, and thirty four ells, to James Finlay; two acres, one rood, thirty nine falls and half a fall, to Robert Raeburn; eleven acres and sixteen falls to Charles Rrjkine\ nineteen acres, two roods, four falls, and thirty one ells, to Alexan- der Cunninghame-, five acres, one rood, thirty two falls, and fifteen ells, to Robert Anderfm; one acre, one rood, and sixteen falls, to Thomas Simpson*, one rood to Thomas Spence; five acres, one rood, twenty six falls, and five ells, to Andrew Chalmer; twenty six falls to IVittiam Lauder; thirteen acres, three roods, and fifteen falls, to William Mure\ one acre, twenty six falls, and half a fall, to Robert Mylne; three acres, two roods, and thirty seven falls, to Robert Anderson; one rood, twelve falls, and half a fall, to Daniel Seton; twenty three falls to Patrick Fairley; two acres, one rood, thirty six falls, and ten ells, to Alexander Hunter; and two acres, three roods, twenty four falls, and thirty two ells, feued to Lauchlan Hunter: and likewise the following two parcels of land, which, by consent of the proprietors, are to be included within the said royalty; videlicet, Eleven acres, and half an acre, of the lands of Broughton, belonging to the heirs of George Drummond esquire, deceased; and seven acres, three roods, and twenty falls, part of the lands of Brough ton Parks, belonging to the governors of George Her riot's hospital: and that the said magistrates and town council, from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, shall have and enjoy the same rights, privileges, and jurisdictions, over the said grounds hereby annexed to and comprehended in the said royalty, as they do now enjoy and exercise over and within the limits of the present royalty, by any law, Statute, or established custom; and shall, and they are hereby impowered to levy the same maills, duties, customs, and other taxations, within these annexed grounds, in the same manner, and by such actions at law, as the said magistrates and town council are intitled to use, by any law, Statute, or otherwise, within the present royalty, for recovery of such maills, duties, customs, and taxations, as aforesaid.

II. And whereas several parcels of the lands feued out as aforesaid Certain lands by the governors of George Her riot's hospital, and comprehended on which within the said royalty, were granted by the said governors, and ac- ^fes hays gutrid by the purchasers for the purpose of building thereupon country- been houses and offices, with gardens and tnclosures adjoining; and it being exempted* ttasonable that the parcels so granted Should not be subjtiled to the city from city Vol. XXVII. BJ> burden; taxations#

366

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 27. [1766.

burdens and taxations, so long as they shall continue to be used and occupied in the manner and for the purposes originally granted; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this acontained shall be understood to subject to the said city burdens and taxations any country-house or offices, built or to 'be built on such parcels of land as aforesaid, in any case where the owner of such country-house is possessed in property of at leaf! three acres of ground adjoining to such country-house and offices, including the areas of the same, and on which there shall be no other buildings, except the country-house and offices aforesaid.

Five acres, of

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, which John That the five northmost acres of the aforesaid seven acres, three Dick Con i» to roods, and twenty falls, part of the lands of Broughton, belong-rirnotCto" ing to the governors of George Herriot's hospital, of which five be comp re- acres John Dickson of Kilhutho esquire is to obtain a feu-right, bended in the by virtue of articles of agreement entered into betwixt him and royalty with the magistrates and town council of Edinburgh, shall not be com-sent.1*0011" prehended within the royalty of the said city of Edinburgh, unless the said John Dickson or his heirs do, by a written consent under his or their hands* signify his or their willingness to hare the said five acres comprehended within the royalty of the said city; and that the said consent be recorded in the particular register of feafines for the Ihireof Edinburgh, within twelve calendar months after the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Right* of the

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby specially provided and college of ju- declared, That nothing in this act shall prejudice the rights, ftice laved. privileges, and immunities, competent to the college of justice;

but that whatever rights, privileges, and immunities, belong to them within the present city, shall likewise be understood to belong to them within the bounds over which the royalty by this act is extended.

Royalty not V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend to that part of the lands of Calton* Cdoniiilh in lying within the barony of IVefler Rejlalridge, which do not the barony to the said city of Edinburgh; or to the rights, liberties,

\Vcitci Reltal- and immunities, presently enjoyed by the managers and trustees ridge» See, of the ci.mbrick manufactures in tiic lands ot Piccardy before mentioned; all which rights, liberties, and immunities, are hereby expref&ly saved and reserved to the said managers and trustees; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Sheriff of Mid VI. 'Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared,

Lothian to af- That it shall and may be lawful for the fticriff of the county of wrtain the fom Lothian, and he is hereby impowered and required, upon titularies. application of the lord provost, magistrates, and council ofthi said city of Edinburgh, to ascertain and set off the exact limits and boundaries of the aforesaid grounds above described, agree-

i

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 27* 367

able to the charters and infeftments granted to the proprietors of the said grounds, and that in a summary manner.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, Persons ag-That it may and shall be lawful for any person who apprehends

himself aggrieved by the determination of the said sheriff of the]a0^a0f0*county of Mid Lothian, to apply for redress to the lords of coun- council and cil and session, either by advocation, suspension, or ordinary ac; - session. tien, within twelve calendar months after his determination; and failing of any such application for relief within the time aforesaid, then the order and determination of the said flicriff is and shall be final.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That it Sheriff and shall be competent for the sheriff of the county of Mid Lothian,

and the justices of the peace for the said county, to exercise the to exercise lame powers and jurisdictions within the said lands hereby an- jurisdiction nexed to and comprehended within the said royalty, as are com- over the lands petent to the said sheriff and justices of peace within the present a*10*4* royalty; any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, Seafinet, That all feafines, renounciations, and reversions of lands, and other subjects, lying within the limits hereby annexed to and s comprehended in the said royalty, shall be registered in the particular register of feafines, renounciations, and reversions, kept

at Edinburgh for the sheriffdoms of Edinburgh, Linlithgow, Had-dington, and Bathgate, as they presently are in use to be register ed there $ any thing to the contrary in this act notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Stent maften the said magistrates and town council of the city of Edinburgh, torlcv7 the shall have full power to appoint ftent matters to levy from the cc^proprietors and possessors of all such houses as are built, or shall hereafter be built, upon the foresaid grounds hereby annexed to,

and comprehended within, the said royalty, an equal portion of the cess-.annuity, poors-money, and watch-money, payable by the city of Edinburgh, in the same way and manner as the same are now levied within the present royalty.

XI. Provided always, That the heritors of the said county of Heritors of, ATid Lothian, and all other person and persons whatsoever, shall Mid Lothian have and enjoy all such rights and privileges for transporting

their goods and commodities through the whole grounds hereby through the annexed, as they now have and enjoy through the limits of the grounds an-present city of Edinburgh: and that no city duties or imports for nexed, as importation, or otherwise, shall be claimed or extracted. upon wines, or other liquors, timber, or any other merchandise what- burgh.* Ibever, for passing through any of the said grounds hereby an-aexed, unless the same shall be unpacked or consumed within the hid city and annexed grounds.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the fe- Lands annex, feral lands hereby annexed to the royalty of the city of Edin- cd liable to eh« hrgb9 shall, besides the cess to be levied by the collector of the

Own for and in respect of the houses and buildings, remain li-

B b a able.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 27* [, 1766.

able, and be subjected to the payment of a rateable proportion of the cess and land tax, and othejr publick taxes impoted, or to be imposed, on the Shire of Edinburgh, for and in respect of the ground, to be levied in the same manner as formerly j any thing in this to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to all and every person and persons to exercise any trade or calling within the limits of the lands hereby annexed to, and comprehended within, the said royalty j any thing in this present act to the contrary not wit hstanding: laving always, and reserving to the several societies and incorporations within the city of Edinburgh, all such rights and privileges which do now belong and are enjoyed by them within the limits of the present royalty of the said city.

Saving to the

XIV. Provided always, andjt is hereby expressly declared, tenants hold* That nothing herein contained shall extend to, or prejudice, the tacks " from rights of tenants holding under tacks from the city of Edinburgh

the city of any of the lands hereby annexed to, and comprehended within, Edinburgh, the said royalty, and belonging in property to the community of the said city.

Grounds an-

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the aforesaid

nexed to the grounds hereby annexed to, and comprehended within, the dt> alannexed roya^y l^e city of Edinburgh, shall be, and they are hereby, to the parish fur ever after, disjoined from the parish of Saint Cuthbert's or of St. Giles. tVeflkirk, and South Leith, and are hereby annexed to the parish of Saint Giles within the city of Edinburgh.

Lands disjoin-

XVI. Provided always, That the lands hereby disjoined from ed from the the par, (hes of Saint Cuthbert's and South Lcithy and the heritors Ciuhberfs thereof, shall remain liable and be subjected to the ministers fti-and South pends, and other parochial buidens; and that the tythes payable Leith, subject out of the lands hereby annexed, shall be, and the same are to ministers hereby, saved and reserved to the true owners thereof, in the ipen s, c. same manner as if this act had never parted.

Patronage of

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority buU^or^an aforesaid, That the right of patronage of such churches as shall nexed lands", built and endowed by the community of the city of Edith to belong to burgh upon any of the said grounds hereby annexed to, and the city of comprehended within, the said royalty, thali, and is hereby de-Edinburgh. dared, to belong to the said city ot Edinburgh, in the same manner as the said city holds the patronages of the churches within the ancient royalty.

Savin? to his XVII. Saving also, and reserv ing to his Majesty and all other Majesty and person or persons concerned, all rights and interests (other than others. the present extension of the said royalty) which they had, have,

or may have, in the lands hereby annexed.

A theatre to XI A. And whereas a licensed playhouse is much wanted in that be established part of the united kingdom called Scotland; be it therefore further at Edinburgh. enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of an act of parliament which passed in the tenth year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled An act to explain and amend so much of an aid mok in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act

f*

All persons may exercise trades within limits of lands annexed.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 28. 369

for reducing the laws relating to rogues vagabonds, Jiurdy beggars, and vagrants, into one act of parliament; for the more effectual punishing such rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars, vagrants, fending them whither they ought to be sent j relates to common players of interludes \ whereby all persons are discharged to represent any entertainment of the stage whatever, in virtue of letters patent From his Majesty, or by licence of the lord chamberlain of his Majesty's houshold for the time being, except within the liberties of Westminster, or where his Majesty is residing for the time being, be, and the same is hereby repealed, so far as the same respects the city of Edinburgh: and that it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, to grant letters patent for establishing a theatre or playhouse in the city of Edinburgh, or suburbs thereof, which shall be intitled to all the privileges, and subjected to all the regulations, to which any theatre or playhouse in Great Britain is intitled and subjected.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this publick act. is a publick a; and shall be deemed and taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and others, in all courts and places, vyitfrqut specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVIII. jSn act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon certain linen cloth imported; and for carrying such duties, together with the additional duties granted in this session of parliament upon the importation of bast or straw, chip, cane, and horse-hair bats and bonnets, and certain materials for making the same, to the sinking fund,

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WH ERE A S byan act made in this session of parliament., the

sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds is authorized to be raised for the publick service, by annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, and a lottery to be attended with annuities after the like rate; and all such annuities are, by the said act, charged upon the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund: we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled\ towards making goodrthe payment of the said annuities Jo charged on the said fund, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional rates and duties herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may Jje enabled; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem- ties'upon cerr t?Ied, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the tain linen [twenty fifth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and sixty cloth impost-jjeven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his to take Majesty, his heirs, and successors, the several additional rates and Slay, 1767l.duties following j that is to say, 9

I'B B 3

For

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 28. [1766.

The duties. For every ell of linen cloth or sheeting above one yard English in width (except Flanders holland cloth) which shall be imported into Great Britain, three pence.

For every ell of linen cloth called Dr'ilTing* which shall be imported into Great Britain, three pence.

And after those rates for any greater or less quantity of such goods respectively, over and above all other duties imposed thereon by any former act of parliament.

Certain spe-

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That cie» of cloth nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed exempted |0 extend, to any linen cloth the produce and manufacture of dutiei. C*the fort*nor to any damask or diaper tabling, napken-ing, or towelling; nor to any cambricks or lawns; nor to any Dutch barras or Hejfens canvas, which may be imported into this kingdom.

'Duties to be

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, paid down in That the said duties granted by this all shall be paid down in and to be ralf- reat*y money, without any discount or allowance; and shall be ed and paid raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same manner and form, as the former and by such rules, ways, and means, and under such penalties duties. and forfeitures, as are prescribed or appointed for raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the former duties upon the like goods, imported into this kingdom, by any all or acts of parliament now in force, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, respectively relating thereto, were partieulary repeated, and again enacted, in the body of this present all.

These duties

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declare; ! by to be repaid the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any goods or the said eoods merchandizes that have paid the duties hereby granted shall, at as shall be ex- any time or times, be again exported by any merchant or mer-ported within chants, within three years from the importation thereof; the 3 years. duty by this all granted, and which shall have been allually paid, for such goods or merchandizes, shall, without any delay or reward, be repaid unto such merchant or merchants who rtiafi export the same; under the same rules, regulations, and restrictions, penalties and forfeitures, as are prescribed and directed by any all of parliament with respect to any former drawback upon such goods.

Duties to be V., And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That paid into the the money arising by the several rates and duties herein before Exchequer granted (except the necessary charges of raising, collelling, re* other brashes cover*ng> anc* Pay*ng» die same) shall, from time to time, be of the publick respectively paid into the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, revenue; distinlUy and apart from all other branches of the publickreve-and to be car- nuc. an(j shall be carried to, and made part of, the fund, com-finkinVfhnd, monty called The Sinking Fund, towards making good the pay-towards payment of the annuities in respell of the said one million five htm-ment of the dred thousand pounds, charged upon the said fund by the said act

made

w

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 29; 371

made in this session of parliament, intituled An act for ratting* nnuitics the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds by way of an- Virion by mi ties, and a lottery attended with annuities, to be charged on they, c |ortery sinking fund. act, &c. of

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the monies which shall, from time to time, arise and main in the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of the dutiesup^n granted by an act made in this session of parliament, intituled, AniUm and act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon bajl or Jlraw, chiP ha.ts»to chip, cane, and hotfe-hair hats and bonnets, and upon certain materials ^eC^idffund for making the same, imported into this kingdom, shall be also carried towards mak-to, and made part of, the said fund, towards making good the ing good the payment of the said annuities. payment of the said an-

CAP. XXIX.

An act for explaining an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, to prevent extortion in Sheriffs, under-sheriffs, and bailiffs of franchises or liberties, in cases of execution.

WHEREAS by an act made in the twenty ninth year of the Preamble, re-reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act to prevent ex-f, tir\? cla^ tortion in sheriffs, under-sheriffs, and bailiffs of franchises or li- m a*berties, in cases of execution; it is, amongst other things, enabled.

That it shall not be lawful to or for any jberijf, under-sheriff, bailiff of franchises or liberties, nor for any of their officers, ministers, servants, bailiffs, or deputies, nor for any of them, by reason or colour of their or either of their office or offices, to have, receive, or take, of any person or persons whatsoever, dir eftly or indirectly, for the serving and executing of any extent or execution upon the body, lands, goods, or chattles, of any person or persons whatsoever, more or other confederation or recompence than in this present act is and shall be limited and appointed, which shall be lawful to be had, received, and taken; that is to say, twelve pence of and for every twenty shillings, where the sum exceedeth not one hundred pounds; and six pence of and for every twenty shillings, being over and above the said sum of one hundred pounds, that he or they shall so levy or extend, and deliver in execution, »or take the body in execution for, by virtue and by force of any such extent or execution whatsoever: and whereas, as the law nowJlands,

Sheriffs are, by virtue of the said recited act, intitled to the poundage therein mentioned, for taking the body of any person in execution, upon judgements obtained upon bail bonds, entered tnto for the appearance of persons prosecuted for offences against the laws relating to his Majesty's revenues of customs or excise, such bail bonds being prof ecuted in the name and at the suit of the Sheriffs to whom such bail bonds are given, though the Sheriffs prosecuting such bonds are merely trustees in the suits, for the benefit of the crown, and the Sheriffs executing such pro-MCtfs would not in toofe cases be intitled to any poundage, if the proceedings were carried on In the name of the crown; by means whereof the intent of the laws relating to the revenues of the customs and excise, will in such cases be so far deseated: to remedy which inconveni-

B b 4 ence

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 30, 31. [1766.

ence for the future, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, Cases wherein and by the authority of the same, That the said recited a shall &c. not extend, or be construed to extend, to allow any sheriff, un-

are declared der.sheriff, or other person whatsoever employed in the execution rot mtitltfd to r r, c A, ..r, r e

poundage, by °* Proce*s> any poundage for taking the body of any person in

virtue of the7 execution, upon any process at the suit of any sheriff, or other of-receited act. ficer or minister of the crown, upon any bail bond entered into for the appearance of any person prosecuted, either for any duties due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors; or for any penalty inflicted by any act of parliament made or to be made for the preventing the clandestine running or receiving any customable or prohibited goods; or in any case whatsoever where the sheriff or officer executing such process would not be intitled to poundage, if the proceedings were or had been carried on directly in the name of the crown; any thine; in the said recited act, or any other ad, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXX.

An act for allowing the free importation of rice, sago powdery and vermicelli, into this kingdom, from his Majesty's colonies in North America, for a limited time.

Preamble, WHEREAS the allowing the free importation of rice^fog)

*powder, and vermicelli, from his Majesty's colonies in North America into Great Britain, for a limited thney may be of great advantage: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, Rice allowed and by the authority of the same, That from and after the fourth tobeimported day of Mayx one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, it shall from*North and

may be lawful for any person or persons to import into Americaat Great Britain, from any of his Majesty's colonies in North Amt-any time be- ricax at any time or times before the first day of December, one tween 4- May thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, any rice; and at any and 1 Dec, tjmc or times before the first day of December, one thousand fe-and7fagopow-vcn hundred and eighty one, any sago powder and vermicelli; tUr, and ver- without the payment of any subsidy, custom, duty, or imposition in — lli, at any whatsoever; any thing in any former a<$t or acts of parliament, to Dec* i78irC*contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding,

CAP. XXXI.

An to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themfehres for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and others. of the militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited bylaw, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify member*, and officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose ad* missions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been damped, have been loft or mistaid, and for allowing them time t»

provide

3 73

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 32.

provide admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution ot indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors.

Preamble, reciting the several qualifying acts of i Geo. j. 13Car. a.5 Car. s. 30 Car. a. 8 Geo. 1.9 Geo. a. 18 Geo. 2. a Geo. 3. and 6 Geo. 3. Persons, who at, or before, the passing of this act, have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, as the laws direct, &c and who shall duly qualify themselves on or before 25 Dec. 1767; and deputy lieuts. and officers of the militia, who shall, on or before the said 25 Dec. duly leave their qualifications with the clerks of the peace; are indemnified for any such previous omission, and recapacitated; and all elections and adti done, or to be done, by them, &c.are declared to be as valid, as if they bad before duly qualified themselves as the said several adh direct; except in such cases where final judgement hath been given in any court for the penalty incurred by any such omission. Town clerks, and other public officers, and persons, whose appointments, and admissions, or entries of adniiflions, in the court books, may not have been provided; or not duly stampt; or which have been loll or mislaid; providing, See. the same on or before 25 Dec. 1767, are confirmed in their offices, and indemnified, notwithstanding such omission. Offices, See. already avoided by judgement of a court, and legally filled up, confirmed. Persons who have omitted to cause affidavits to be made and filed within due time, of contrails to serve as clerks to attornies, or solicitors; causing the same to be done on or before 25 Dec. 1767, are indemnified; and such affidavits are declared to be effectual. Persons sued may plead the General lffiie.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for applying the money granted, in this session of parliament y for carrying on an additional building for a more commodious passage to the house of commons, from Saint Margaret's Lane and Old Palace Yard.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the sum of two thousand pounds bos been granted

to his Majesty, in this session of parliament, towards carrying on an additional building for a more commodious passage to the house of commons^ from Saint Margaret's Lane and Old Palace Yard: and whereas an act passed in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Act9 Geo. majesty King George the Second', intituled An a eft to enable the commissioners for building a bridge cross the river Thames^ from the city of Westminster to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey, to purchase houses and grounds, and to widen the ways, and to make more safe and commodious the streets, avenues, and passages, leading from Charing Cross to the two houses of parliament, Westminster Hally and the courts of justice there, and Westminster Bridge\ and to enable a less number of of to execute the several acts relating to the said bridge, than at present are required by law; and for relief of George and fames King, with regard to a Icafe taken by their late father from the said of: and whereas the ways and passages to the house of commons might be rendered more open, safe* and commodious, in case the said of were enabled to purchase, pull down, and remove, certain houses and buildings, and to carry on an additional*building from Saint Margaret's Lane and Old Palace Yard: may It therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be Cpa&ed 3 and be it ?na&ed by the King's most excellent majesty,

by

374

Three or more comm iflioners for Westminster Bridge are authorized to agree for the purchase of any freeholds, &c. necessary for the purpose of carrying on.an additional building for a more commodious pailage to the house of commons.

A sum not exceeding zooool. to be ihued, and applied, out of the aids granted in this session, towards the said purchase and buildings.

Charges of this act to be first paid out of the said monies. Commission- ' ere, and per-ions acting under them, indemnified for what they shall do in purI'u a nee of this act. Limitation of actions.

General UTue.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 32.' [1766.

by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and they have hereby full power and authority to agree with any owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, for the purchase or any freeholds, buildings, tenements, or estates whatsoever, for carrying on an additional building for a more commodious passage to the house of commons, From Saint Margaret's Lane and Old Palace Yard 5 and for that purpose shall be veiled with the same powers and authorities for the purpose of obtaining, purchasing, pulling down, or removing, any building or buildings, felling the old materials, carrying on the said new intended building, and doing all matters and things thereunto belonging, in as full and ample manner, and to all intents and purposes, as they the said commis-foners were inverted with by the said before recited act, with rc-spect to the matters therein contained, or any other act or acts of parliament; and in the same manner as if the same clauses, provisions, powers, directions, and authorities, were herein particularly repeated and re-enacted.

II. And be it further enacted, That out of all or any the aids and supplies granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, there shall be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, not exceeding two thousand pounds; to be applied towards the said purchase or purchases, and of carrying on the said new intended buildings and alterations, in such manner and at such times as the said of, or any three or more of them, shall, from time to time, order and direct.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such costs and charges as shall be incurred in obtaining this act, and carrying the same into execution, shall be, in the first place, paid out of the monies hereby granted.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, and each and every other person and persons authorized by the said of, or any three or more of them, to do any act in execution of any of the powers intended to be hereby verted in the said of, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do in pursuanccof this act: and that if any action shall be brought, or suit commenced, against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, or in relation to the premirtes herein before mentioned j every such action or suit shall be laid or brought within six calendar months after the fast committed; and such action shall be laid in the county of Middlesex, and not elsewhere and the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit, shall and may be at liberty to plead the General Issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, without specisSly pleading the same.

375

[iy66. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 33.

CAP. XXXIII.

jfn all to inforce, i# that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the execution of an act of the last session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing the several duties upon houses, windows, and lights-, and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for explaining the said act.

WHEREAS several duties were granted upon houses, win- Preamble, re-dews, and lights, by an act made in the last session of parlia- citing aft ntent, intituled An act for repealing the several duties upon Gco* houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon houses, windows, and lights: and whereas the rates and duties thereby granted were directed to be raised and levied in such manner as the duties hereby repealed were directed to be raised and levied by the several alts therein mentioned, except with respect to such particulars wherein the said aR of the last session of parliament had altered the same: and whereas difficulties have arisen with respect to the raising the said duties upon houses, windows, or lights, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by reafem that an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual levying of the duties upon & Gco. a. windows or lights, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, is not mentioned or referred to in the said aR made in the last session of parliament; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every The powers the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things contained in the said act, made in th^reritedTft the twenty sixth year of his said late Majesty's reign, for the of6 Geo. more effectual levying, collecting, and paying the duties therein where not al-mentioned, in that part of Great Br itain called Scotland (except tcredbythe such as are varied by the said act passed in the last session of par- [he*last fef-° liament, or by this act) shall be in full force, and be duly ob- fion.tobecar-served, practised, and put in execution, throughout that part of ried into exe-Great Britain called Scotland, for raising, levying, collecting, and custoni?Sc°t. paying, from the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hun- fp"a to^he*" dred and sixty six, the several duties upon houses, windows, and duties on lights, by the said act, made in the last leflion of parliament, houses, win-granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if and the same, or the like powers, authorities, rules, directions, penal- gfanted byVhe ties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, had been particu- said act of larly repeated and re-enacted in the body of the said act made in 6 Geo. 3. the last session of parliament; and that all acts and proceedingsfro"?10 f if any have been) for raising and levying the said duties upon Jyj houses, windows, or lights, in that part of Great Britain called tags already Scotland, granted by the said act of the last session of parliament, bad for raising agreeably to the prgvisions made in the said act of the twenty1* ^w, du".*fixtht, c, dcdarcd

valid*

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 34* [1766.

sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, shall be valid and effectual; and all persons concerned therein shall be, and are hereby indemnified in respect thereof.

II. And whereas doubts have arifeny whether commissions and war* rants given and granted unto the several officers employed in the furvrj and inspection of the rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights, by the said former acts imbofedy are or shall be deemed goody validy and effectualy in respect of the rates and duties granted by the said act made in the last session of parliament; be it therefore de-asalfoallcom- dared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all commis-roifiionsgrant- fJOns and warrants already given and granted to such officers shall ve^orsand in- ^e» anc* be deemed, valid and effectual with regard to the rates (bettors of the and duties granted by the said att made in the last session of par-(aid duties, liament, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the said commissions and warrants had been or were granted and made out to every such officer respectively, subsequent to the passing, and in pursuance of the said att made in the last session of parliament.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for allowing further time for inroll ment of deeds and wills made by Papilts 5 and for relief of Proteilant purchasers.

Preamble, reciting the att? 3 Geo 1. 10 Geo. s. & 3, 6, 9, it, i», 16, 19, 36, aS, 31, Sc 33, Geo. 1. Further time given for inrolling deeds and wills of Papicts, till 1 Jan. 1768. No deed, will, or lease, made good hereby, whereof advantage has been taken of the non.inrollment thereof, before 5 May, 1767. Purchases made by Protestants shall stand good, if no advantage has been taken for non enrollment. No grant, lea(e, or mortgage, of the advowson, or right of presentation to a living, &c. made by any Papist in trull, &c. to be hereby deemed good.

CAP. XXXV.

continue several laws therein mentioned, relating to the clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the customs; to prevent the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby; to the granting liberty to carry rice from his Majesty's provinces of Carolina and Georgia, in America, directly to any part of Europe southward of Cape Finisterre, in ships built and navigated according to law; and to the prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

lent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefqnt parliament Glaufes in aft assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the several 5 5*r c, aufcs in an made in fifth year of the reign of his ma-

tme running KinS GcorSe, he First» intituled An act against

of goods, &c. running of uncujiomtd goods y and for the more effectual preventing of

from

377

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 35.

frauds relating to the customs\ relating to such foreign goods, wares, and merchandizes, as shall be taken in at sea out of any ship or vessel, in order to be landed or put into any other ship or vessel, or boat; and also relating to goods not reported, and found after clearing ships; and whereby further remedies are provided against relanding goods prohibited to be worn in this kingdom, and foreign goods shipped out for parts beyond the seas; and also relating to the opening or altering the package of goods on board ships outward bound$ and also relating to hovering ships or vessels of the burthen of fifty tons, or under; and also concerning the bales or package in which coffee shall be exported; and also relating to rum imported in casks or vessels not containing twenty gallons at the lead; and also relating to certificate goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland which were to have continuance for the term of three years from the several times of the commencement thereof, and from and which thence to the end of the then next feflfion of parliament respect were contina-tively; and which by several subsequent acts passed in the ninth ed by several year of his said Majesty's reign, and in the second, eighth, fif-subsequent teenth, and sixteenth, twentieth, twenty seventh, and thirty third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, were further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty (even, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further conti-further con-nued, from the expiration thereof, to the twenty ninth day oftinued to 19 September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy four, and Scpt*, 774" from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Act 8 Geo. 1. an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his majesty King to prevent the George the First, intituled An act to prevent the clandestine running ef goods, and the danger of infection thereby; and to prevent breaking their quarentine; and to subject copper ore, of the production the danger of of the British plantations, to such regulations as other enumeratedinfeftion commodities of the'like production are subject; which was to be in hereby, deforce for two years, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next session or parliament; and which, by which was several subsequent acts (except the clauses obliging all ships and vessels to perform quarentine) was to have further continuance"* to the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fortyq seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by an act made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, was intended to be further continued to the first day of June^ one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, but, by mistake, the year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, was inferred therein, instead of the said year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four; and which, by several subsequent aefts made in the twenty first, twenty seventh, and thirty third years of the reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued from the expira-

37*

further continued to 29 Sept. 1774.

Act 3 Geo. 2. for granting liberty to

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 35. [1766.

tien thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, to the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act made in the third year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for granting liberty to carry rice from his from Carolina province of^Carolina America,

directly to any Europe southward of Cape r inifterre, tn ships built in and belonging

Jjartot E11 rope to Great Britain, and navigated according to law, which was to be buthward of in force for five years, from the twenty ninth day of September, fterre&c." onc t^oulan(i seven hundred and thirty, and from thence to the '*end of the then next session of parliament; and also an act made

and aft 8 Geo. in the eighth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, to con-. for extend- tinue the said act from the expiration thereof, until the twenty best1 t^Gc" n*nt'l day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty r y o cor- two^ an, f from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and to extend that liberty to his Majesty's province of

Georgia in America; which said acts, by several subsequent acts made in the fifteenth and sixteenth, twentieth, twenty seventh, and thirty third years of his said late Majesty's reign, were further c > itinued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; liKili be, and t: lame is hereby further continued from the expiration the? cor, to the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand le v on hundred and seventy four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an act made in the twJfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first w. compile.I, or written and printed in Great Britain; and for repealing books reprint- so much of an act made in the eighth year of the reign of her late ma* ^Abroad, jej]y ^//tv n Anne, as impowers the limiting the prices of booh; Dofedaml0in" ac* was to c°ntinue in force from the twenty ninth day

printed in of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, for Great Britain, the space of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then &c: next lelfion of parliament; and which, so far as relates to the

continued by prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first n n- - - composed or written and printed in Great Britain, by several subsequent acts made in the twentieth, twenty seventh, and thirty third years o; his said late Majesty's reign, was further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiratioa thereof, to the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP.

which tvs. re Cont; iui', --i -y several «ub: V

?[Ut*nt acts, urtlier continued to 29 Sept. 177+.

Part of aft 12 Geo. 2. for prohibit ing the importation of several subsequent acts,

further continued to 19 Sept. 1774.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 36.

379

CAP. XXXVI.

An act to continue so much of an all made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the free importation of cochineal and indico\ and for allowing the bounties granted by any abts of parliament now in being upon the exportation of corn and malt declared or made for exportation, and barley fieeped and entered at the excise office to be made into malt for exportation* before a limited time.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the law herein after mentioned is near exptr-

ing \ may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be incited; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act made inTbe act for the fevemh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the free im-the Second, intituled An act for the revival of an act made in Potion of the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the ^ch^i First, intituled An act for the free importation of cochineal dur- continued by ing the time therein limited; and also for the free importation of in- several subst-dico; which was to continue in force from the twenty fourth day <lucnt of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty four, for the term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by several subsequent acts passed in the fourteenth, twentieth, twenty seventh, and thirty third years of his said late Majesty's reign, was further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, further conti-and the same is hereby, further continued from the expiration 5"*to9 thereof, to the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand fe-, 774* ven hundred and seventy four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And whereas by an all of parliament made in the present session of Recital of parliament, intituled An act to prohibit for a limited time the exr clauses in jthe portation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and*.ofl!£* starch, and also the extradion of low wines and spirits from wheat p^hibi^xT and wheat flour, it was enabled. That no person or persons Should, di- the exporta-rellly or indirectly, export, transport, carry, or convey, or cause or tien otcom. procure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from Great Britain or Ireland, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any ship or other vessel, or boat, in order to be exported, or carried out of the said kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland (except to such places, and for such pur-posts, as in the said act are mentioned) any sort of corn, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, or Jlarch, under the penalties therein mention-d\ in which ail is a provisoe, That any thing therein contained Should not extend to any malt declared or made for, and

barley Jleeped and entered at the extife office to be made into malt for 3 exportation

Bounty to be allowed on the exportation of all such malt as was declared or made for exportation j and bariey deeped and entered to be made into malt for exportation, on or before 5

Preamble, recites the act f a? Geo. a*

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37. [1766.

exportation, on or before the fifteenth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, which'Should be exported, provided the requisites therein mentioned were complied with by the proprietor or proprietors thereof; and also another previfoty That no corny grain, mealy malty floury hready biscuit or Jlarthy which Should be exported by virtue of the said act, Should be intitled to any of the bounties or drawbacks which are allowed and made payable on the exportation of such commodities, or any of them: And whereas divers persons within this kingdom did buy considerable quantities of barley, and made the same into malt for exportation or Jieeped and entered the same at the excise office to be made into malt for exportation) on or before the said fifteenth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty fix\ and such barley was bought of the growers thereof at an advanced pricey on a dependance that the bounty would he paid on the exportation thereof; and the greatest part of the fail malt hatby since the said fifteenth day of November, been actually exported, and the rejl f ill remains under the locks of the excise; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the bounty or bounties granted on the exportation of malt by any act or acts of parliament now in being, shall be allowed and paid to each and every exporter and exporters of all male declared or made for exportation, and barley deeped and entered at the excise office to be made into malt for exportation, on or before the said fifteenth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, which, since that time, hath been, or shall be, exported; in the same manner as if the said act made in the present session of parliament had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Nor. 1766, and which lince that time hath been, or shall be, exported.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for completing the bridge cross the river Thames, from Black *Fryars in the city of London, to the opposite side in the county of Surry, and the avenues thereto on the London side; for redeeming the tolls on the said bridge, and on London Bridge; for rebuilding the gaol of Newgate in the said city; for repairing the Royal Exchange within the same; for embanking part of the north side of the said river, within certain limits; and for further continuing, towards those purposes, the imposition of six pence per chaldron, or ton, of coals and culm imported into the port of the said city, established by an act of the fifth and sixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary; and also for carrying on the new pavements in the city and liberties of Westminster, and parishes adjacent, and in the town and borough of Southwark; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament passed in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the

Second,

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. yj. 381

Second, intituled An act for building a bridge cross the river for building a ThameS) from Black Friars in the city of London) to the oppo- d£V

site side in the county of Surry \ the mayor9 aldermen) and com- ac nm* morn9 of the said city) in common council assembled) were impowered to build the said bridge; and to makey enlarge) or improve streets

Ways) and passages) on each side of the said river) to and from the the said bridge; and to light and watch the same when built; and to take certain tolls for the paffagt over the fame\ and) upon the credit thereof to raise any sum) not exceeding one hundred and sixty thousand pounds: And whereas the said mayor, aldermen) and commons, That the city in common council assembled) have proceeded in the execution of the have borrow-said act; and) towards the purposes thereof have borrowed and raif- ed11on1*he*ed the sum of one hundred and forty four thousand pounds, besides, tontributing the sum of sixteen thousand two hundred pounds; which 441 two fumS) together with the profits made by the dividends and sale of the public funds) wherein part of the said monies was invested) and by the sale of old materials, and otherwise, did, upon the fifth day of July, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty fixy amount to the sum of one hundred and seventy three thousand and forty poundsf seven jbiuings) and six pence: And whereas upon the said fifth day off h*t the ba-July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six9 there bad been laid In^tTtaly cut and expended) in the execution of the said all) the sum of one hurt- I7*£

dred and forty thousand five hundred and ninety five pounds, nineteen 33, 0891. i* shillings) and ten pence halfpenny; so that there remained, in the 7d-chamber of the said city, a balance of thirty two thousand four hundred and forty four pounds) seven shillings, and seven pence halfpenny; which balance) by Jorne receipts then expelled) was likely to be raised to the sum of thirty three thousand and eighty nine pounds, twelve shillings) and! seven pence halfpenny: And whereas by efiimates of the That the fa-necessary expences which, upon the said fifth day of July, one thou-turc expencet z fond seven hundred and sixty fixy remained to be incurred for the t complete execution of the said all [exclusive of the roads on the Surry verand above r side) and of the charge of making) widening, enlarging) or improving), the said ba-street and ways necessary for a more convenient and ready passage to lance*

the said intended bridge) from several parts of the said city, there gz will be wanted for the said several purposes) over above the said loft-jjp mentioned balance) the farther sum of fifty eight thousand five hun-iT* dred pounds: And whereas it would be of general advantage that the passage aver the said intended bridge Should be freed and exempted) as foots as may bey from the payment of the tolls granted by the said aH\

in which case) it will be necessary to provide some other sufficient funds) as well for repayment of the said one hundred and forty four

thousand pounds, with the interefi thereof and raising the said fifty f tight thousand five hundred pounds9 as fir defraying the expences of

lighting) watching) cleansing) and repairing the said bridge when wilt: And whereas it would tend to remove many inconveniencies if The embank-mha ground and foil of the said river of Thames, between the west ment of the corner of Powell's Wharf, near Puddle Dock, in the said city of

tjOodon, and the east corner of Robert's Wharf, near Milford lt TLautiC) in the county of Middlesex, was inclostd and embanked \ the mxfience of making of which embankment is eft mated at the sum offt*

ven

382 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37? [1766.

the redempti- V€n thousand five hundred pounds: And whereas the paflbgi ovefi. bi\dffetoll °n n^on Bridge is subject to a prescriptive toll, appropriated to the at 30, 0001/ support of the said bridge, upon all carts, waggons, and other carriages, patting over the same, to and from the said cityloaded with any kind of goods or provisions; which toll is at this time in lease for twenty one years, at a fine of two thousand one hundred pounds, and under a yearly relit of seven hundred and thirty five pounds: And whereas it would also be of general advantage, that the passage over the said bridge, Should be freed and exempted as soon as may be, from the payment of such tolls \ the redemption of which tolls, and the purchase of which lease, are estimated at the sum of thirty thou-the rebailding Jan<) pounds: And whereas the gaol of Newgate (which is not only at <o'qqqL* county gaol of Middlesexas well as of London, but also the ge-5*' neral prison for smugglers and debtors to the crown from all parts of the kingdom) is so ill-contrived as not to admit of a sufficient suppjy offrefh air and water, from which circumstances the same is in general unhealthy, and often visited with a malignant fever, called The gaol distemper, the fatal effects of which have sometimes extended beyond the prison walls; and the said gaol is so old and ruinous as is be incdpable of any effectual alteration or repair \ and the charge of building a more airy and commodious one in its Jlead, is estimated it and the re- the sum of fifty thousand pounds: And whereas the house or building

Ifco^lEx- (t2lled the Royal Exchange within the said city of London (the daily change, at P^ace of refirt of merchants, traders, mariners, and others, fromdd

10, 000l. parts of this kingdom, and from many foreign countries) is so much

decayed, that the utter ruin thereof is apprehended, unless the same be speedily and effectually repaired; which necessary reparations art estimated at the sum of ten thousand pounds, for which the sums the said sums now subsisting are inefficient: And whereas the said several sums if to fifty €l^ thousand five hundred pounds, seven thousand five hundrii 5* pounds, thirty thousand pounds, fifty thousand pounds, and ten thu*

sand pounds, amounting together to the sum of one hundred and fifty six thousand pounds, cannot be raised, nor any new fund provided to repayment of the said sum of one hundred and forty four tkcufcrJ pounds, with the interest thereof without the aid and authority if The act of 5 parliament: And whereas by an act passed in the fifth andfix thy ten &6 Will. & of tf?e reign of ying William and queen Mary, intituled An act aner£eor-t' re'le^ the orphans and other creditors of the city of L»-piun* fund, don, it was, among other things, enacted, That for and towards tU raising a perpetual fund to pay the yearly interest of four pounds fer every one hundred pounds principal money, and the interest thertif then due to any orphan of the said city, or the executors, administrators, or assigns, of any such orphan, or any other the creditor or ere* tors, of the said mayor, commonalty, and citizens % or the executors, administrators, or assigns, of fuel) creditors, all and every the city's estates and revenues (except as therein excepted) Should be charged foe ever with the clear annual sum of eight thousand pounds. And tbi, said act did also appropriate to the fund and purposes a fore said, tk, rents and profits of the said city's aqueducts (except as therein except, ed.) And the sum of two thousand pounds was thereby directed to k formally raised upon the personal estates of the several inhabitants

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37- 38l

within the said city and liberties towards the said fund. And for the further increase thereof the sum of two shillings and six pence was directed to be paid upon the binding of every apprentice within the said city, and five shillings by every perjoti who /bould be admitted to be a freeman thereof: and the said act imposed upon all /orts of wine imported into the port of the said city, or the members thereof by way of merchandize, a duty of four shillings per ton over and above the duties then payable thereon; and for every chaldron of coals, or culm9 imported into the said port, or the river ^Thames within the liberty if the said city upon the said river, to be sold, the sum of four pence for metage for ever 5 and also for all coals or culm, usual'y sold by the chaldron, for every chaldron thereof which /bould be imported into the said port, or members thereof from and after the twenty ninth of September, one thousand seven hundred (over and above all other impositions and duties, and the said sum of four pence metage) the sum affix pence: and for such coals as were sold by the ton, for every ton thereof the like sum of six pence; the said imposition offix pence to continue from the said twenty ninth of September, for and during the term of fifty years: And whereas by an act passed in the twenty first ir

year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second, Geo. conti-intitmed, An act for the further relief of the orphans and other nuingjthefrL creditors of the city of London, and for other purposes therein duty on cosis, mentioned, the said imposition of six pence for every chaldron or ton of coals, was further continued during a term of thirty five years, from the expiration of the said term of fifty years; and out of the monies arising from the said imposition jo continued, the yearly sum of three thousand pounds was directed to be paid, during the said term af thirty five years, to the wardens and commonalty of the myJhry of mercers of the city of London, in the manner, and for the purposes, in the said act mentioned-, and the residue of the said monies, was thereby appropriated to make part of the fund for paying the interest to the said orphans, and other creditors of the said city: and it was thereby directed, that from and after the twenty ninth day ^September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty, the said city's estates and revenues /bould be charged, towards the said fund, with the yearly sum of two thousand pounds, and no more, over and above the said yearly sum of eight thousand pounds, wherewith they then flood charged; and that the surplusses arisen, or to arise, from the funds /o appropriated for payment of the said interefi, Should be applied to the payment of the said capital debt, with a proviso in the said act contained, that no orphan of the said city, under the age of twenty one years, J, bould be paid off, so long as there Should be any person not an arphan under that age, proprietor of any part of the said principal '.debt: And whereas the surplusses which at the time of passing the That the oP-find last recited act, had ari/eti, and the surplusses which have fence phans debt is arisen from the said fund, have been applied according to the directi- .<\, 5r2?*

nets of the said aft\ and thereby the said capital debt due to the orphans £adv°day and other creditors of the said city of London, was on the twenty*'

yffourth day of June, in the said year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, reduced to the sum of six hundred ten thousand and eighty finer pounds, fix /billings, and ten pence > and (computing the future 1-1 Cc 2 surplusses

8^4 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37. [1766.

surplusses at a % medium of the last five years) tie whole may be ex* petted to be paid off and discharged by the twenty fifth day of March, which will be in the year one thousand eight hundred and three: And That with w&ereas9 tf ^e said imposition offix pence for every chaldron or ton of the 6dl*diity coa^ or (u^my was to* father continued to the twenty ninth day of continued, 7 September, which will be in the year one thousand eight hundred and and the ad- thirty one, the said fund created by the fold act of the fifth and sixth dition of years g\ng william and queen Mary, with the audition thereto Ann! thefand °fone thousand five hundred pounds per annum, would (it is com-would, by puted) be fvfficient in that time to discharge the principal and interest, Michaelmas not only of the said debt due to the said orphans and other creditors of f8'ddPby thCd l^e cliy' fart^r sums of one hundred and fifty six

said i^ooool? thousand pounds, and one hundred and forty four thousand pounds: and i+fcoaol. And whereas the said mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, are will-Ti thn& an(* defirGus, that the city's efiates and revenues Should, from and is willing to y afttr twenty fourth day of June, in the present year one thousand charge their seven hundred and sixty [even, until the said twenty ninth day of Sep-revenues, to tember, one thousand eight hundred and thirty one, be charged with f^dT^d^payment of the said yearly sum of one thousand five hundred pounds* with ijlooh towards increase of the said fund, for the purposes aforesaid, over and per ana.*above the several sums with which the said efiates and revenues sum )land charged: Therefore, upon the petition of the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common council offer* bled; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal. Common and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the embank*ac- aut*lori0r fame» That it shall and may be lawful to and

cording to*forhe said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common coun» such plan as cil assembled, and they are hereby required, to inclose and em-they shall on bank so much of the ground and foil of the said river of Thames, or*K as J*es on ^1C north side thereof, between the west comer of Pew-

67.°direct.' e^s Wars, near Puddle Dock, in the said city of London, and the east corner of Robert's Wharf near Milford Lane, in the said county of MiddleJ'ex, in such manner, and according to such plan or plans, as they shall, on or before the twenty ninth day of September, in this present year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, lay out, and direct and cause to be hung up in the town clerk's office in the guildhall of the said city, for publick view and inspection; so as the fronts of such embankments, on each side of the said intended bridge, may run in straight lines, to a point, in the middle of the north butment of the said bridge, thirty feet distant from the north end, or springing of the north butment arch thereof.

Owners and

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall proprietor* and may be lawful to and for any of the owners and proprietors uMnwatkc ^e ^veral wharfs or grounds abutting on the north side of tobe given on the said river, within the limits aforesaid (who th.all, on or or before the before the twenty ninth day of September, in the year one thou-19th of Sept, fond seven hundred and sixty eight, give notice in writing tp, ?6, a the town clerk of the said city, for the time being, of their hU

tentioa (0 embank so much of the said ground and foil of the*

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37. - 38*5

river as lies opoofite and contiguous to their said respective wharfs or grounds) to inclose and embank the same accordingly, at their own expence, under the direction of the said mayor, audermen, and commons, in common council assembled, or their fuveyor, in this behalf to be appointed, within six calendar months next after such notice; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any ways notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon embanking the Common ground and foil of the said river, adjoining to the several pub- tore*

lick stairs or landing places called Whitt Friars flairs. Temple pub*

stairs, and Essex stairs, either by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, or by the respective owners or proprietors of the said adjoining wharfs or grounds* they the said mayor, aldermen, and commons in common council assembled, shall cause the said stairs and landing place? to be taken down, removed, and rebuilt, by their own workmen or agents, so and in such manner as that a line drawn from the middle of the upper step or landing place of the pre-Cent stairs, shall run through the middle of the new intended fhurs, and fall at right angles upon the front line of the said intended embankment.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be To pall down lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in Newpte, and, common council assembled, and they are hereby required withj^£anew all convenient speed to pull down the said gaol of Newgate, and*

to remove, dispose of, or destroy, the materials thereof, as they flmll think fit (having regard to the health and safety of his Majesty's subjects) and to build a spacious and commodious new gaol, upon or near the place where the present gaol now Hands 5 provided always, that the money which shall arise from the tale of such of the materials as shall be thought expedient to be fcld, shall be applied towards the expence of such new gaol.

V. And, to render the access as well to the said new gaol as and widen to the sessions house in the Old Bailey, more easy and conveni-, ca<*" lint, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said ln* cre mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affem-

Med, shall have power and authority to widen, enlarge, or im-

Erve, such of the streets, ways, and passages, adjoining or ding to the said intended new gaol and sessions house, or eU ther of them, as they shall judge necessary for that purpose.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it prisonert to ball and may be lawful to and for the sheriffsof the said city of be detained in London, and the sheriff of the said county of Middlesexrespective- otb'r y, from time to time, and at all times, after the said twenty Ourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty fe- built.

[CB, until the said new gaol shall be built, and properly fitted MT. a prison, to convey to, and keep, and detain in, any other Public prison of sufficient strength, within the said city of London^county of Middlesex, all or any of the prisoners who have MD or shall be committed, or who by law ought to be committed,

H the Aid present gaol, or to the county gaol of the Aid city

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. yfi f1766s

and county; any writ, order, or warrant, or any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof in anyways notwithstanding.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said new gaol when built shall be the county gaol of and for the said city of London, and of and for the said county of AftdJJesex,n manner as the said present gaol now is by law, usage, or be the couiry P^P1*011; and that the removal of all or any of the prisoners, giol for Lon- who now are, or hereafter shall be, confined in the said present (ten and Mid gaol, to the said new gaol, shall not be deemed or construed to diesex, and the be an escape, in the said sheriffs of the said city, or in the said ^(Tprf^ners the said county: and the keeper and keepers of such

thereto not to prison or prisons respectively, to which any person or persons be an el'cape. shall, by virtue or in pursuance of this act, be conveyed by the said sheriffs or sheriff, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to receive, keep, and detain in his and their cu: dv respectively, such person or persons, until discharged by die comfe of law.

Persons fr> removed to deemed to he in the custody of the keep*, r of Newgate.

Keepers of othfcr prisons to be answerable for escape i.

Common council empowered to rurcha(e Apuses, See. for the j>ur-poses aforesaid;

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every prisoner and prisoners, so by virtue of this act rem n ei to and detained in such prison or prisons as aforesaid, shall, oiling such detainer, be deemed in law to be in the custody of the keeper of Newgate: and all writs of Habeas Corpus, for brin; -ing the body or bodies of any such prisoner or prisoners before any of the judges of his Majesty's courts of record at IVqf mn-Jitr, or for removing any such prisoner or prisoners 10 any other prison or prisons, shall and may be directed to the said keeper of Nnvg-ite; and the keeper or keepers of such prison or prions are hereby enjoined, upon delivery to him or them cf such writ or writs, to pay due obedience, and make due returns thereto, in the name of the said keeper of Newgate^ in the same manner as the said keeper of Nivgate would be bound to do if the person or persons mentioned in such writ or writs was or were in his custody.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the person or ersons to whose custody any such prisoner or prisoners shall be so conveyed, by the said sheriffs or sheriff, shall respectively be answerable for the escape of any such prisoner or prisoners; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of building the said intended gaol in manner aforesaid, and making, widening, enlarging, or improving, such streets, ways, and passages, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflenv-bled, and they are hereby impowered to treat and agree witk the owners and occupiers of, and other persons interested in» such houses, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as they dial judge fit to be purchased, removed, or pulled down, for all or any of the purposes aforesaid, for the purchase thereof; and after payment of the sum or sums of money which Aall h agreed upon for such purchase, they the said mayor.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37: 387

and commons, in common council assembled, are hereby authorized to appoint their agents or* workmen, to pull such houses down, and to lay out such lands, and dispose of the monies to arise from the sale of any old materials, in such manner as they shall think fit, for or towards the respective purposes aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be and the lease lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in of London common council assembled, and they are hereby impowered to BndSc tolli-treat and agree with the lessee of, and other person or penons interested in, the lease of the said tolls for the passage over

London Bridge, for the purchase of the same, and of all profits, advantages, and emoluments, arising or to arise from the said lfcafe.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Bodies poli-lawful to and for all bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, cor- tic, &c.tru-porations aggregate or foie, trustees, and feoffees in trust, guar- and dians and committees for lunaticks and ideots, executors, ad- son, ini^ower-: ministrators, and guardians whatsoever, not only for or on be- ed to fell and half of themselves, their heirs, and successors, but also for and convey.

on behalf of their cestuique trusts, whether infants, or (flue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes covert, or other persons whatsoever, and to and for all femes covert who are or shall be seised in their own right, and to and for all and every person and persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of, or interested in, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, mall be thought necessary to be purchased for any of the purposes of this act, or in the said lease of the tolls, to sell and convey, assign, or surrender, all or any such lands, tenements, hereditaments, estates, tolls, lease, and interests, or any part thereof, to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens; and that all contracts, agreements, bargains, sales, and conveyances, which shall be made by such persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in law, to all intents and purposes, not only ta convey the estate and interest of the person and persons conveying, but also to convey all right, estate, interest, use, property*

Claim, and demand whatsoever, of their said several and respective

Cestuique trusts, and all claiming or to claim, by, from, or under them; any law, Statute, usage, or any other matter or thing

whatsoever, to the contrary thereof, in any ways notwithstand-

ing; and that all such persons so conveying as aforesaid, are and shall be indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of or in pursuance of this act, notwithstandine any omission or miftako

df matter or form whatsoever: and it it shall happen that any person or persons, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, or '

ether person or persons seised or possessed of, or interested in*

any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as aforesaid, or in

xbch lease of the tolls, shall refuse to treat or agree for the sale where any

and conveyance of their respective estates and interests therein, shall refuse t*.

with the nud mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common treat, or be

T. .*CC4 councaFewn*

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. yjl f 1766;

from treating, council assembled, or with any person or persons authorized by the mayor'* them, or shall not produce and evince a clear title to the pre-

court to if-sue a precept for a jury.

who are to be drawn as the act 3 Geo. z, directs.

may be challenged.

Court may summon and examine wit

misses they are in possession of, or to the interest they claim, to the satisfaction of the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, or of the person or persons (o authorized by them; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city, to be holden in the outer chamber of the Guildhall of the said city, according to the custom of the said city, and the said court are hereby empowered and authorized to issue a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, directed to the sheriffs of the said city of London, who are hereby authorized, directed, and required accordingly to impanel and return a competent number of substantial and disinterested persons qualified to serve on juries, not less than forty eight, nor more than seventy two; and out of such persons so to be impanelled, summoned, and returned, a jury of twelve men shall be drawn, by some person to be by the said court appointed, in such manner as juries for the trial of issues joined in his Majesty's courts at Westminster, by an act made in the third year of the reign of the said (wing George the second, intituled An act for the bitter regulation of juries, are directed to be drawn; which persons so to be impanelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said court of mayor and aldermen, at such time and place as in such warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said court from day to day, till discharged by the said Court; and all persons concerned shall and may have their lawful challenges against any of the said jurymen, but shall not be at liberty to challenge the array: and the said court of mayor and aldermen are hereby authorized and impowered by precept or precepts, from time to time, as occasion shall require, ta

", VI pitvvyiO) I1VIII nmv iw uuiv,* wvy^uwu iw^uiis, w

nddirtft theca^ before them all and every person and persons whomsoever, jury tp view, who shall be thought proper or necessary to be examined as witness or witnesses before them? on their oath or oaths, touching and concerning the premisses; and the said court, if they think fit, shall and may likewise authorize the said jury to view the place or places in question, in such manner as they shall dire#; and the said court shall have power to adjourn such meeting from day to day as occasion shall require, and to command such jury, witnesses, and parties to attend, until all such affair* for whish they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said jury, upon their oaths (which oaths, as also the oaths to such person or persons as shall be called upon to give evidence, the said court are hereby impowered and required to administer) shall esquire of and assess the value of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and of such lease of the tolls as aforesaid, and of the proportionable value of the respective estates and interests claimed therein, or in any part thereof: and the said court of mayor and aldermen shall and may give judgement* that the fug) or ferns of money so to be afleffect, be the viJue of

"frt

Jury to assess the value on cmh.

The court to give final judgement thereon.

3«9

1766.5 Annos septimo Georgii III. c. 37

such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and of such respective estates and interests therein; which said verdict or verdicts, and the said judgement thereupon (notice in writing being given to Previous no-the person or persons interested, or claiming To to be, at lead ticcttotuC giv* fourteen days before the time of the meeting of the said court Sw^tercSedl and jury, by leaving such notice at the dwelling- house of such person or persons, or at his, her, or their usual place or places of abode, or with some tenant or occupier of some of the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments, intended to be valued and assessfed, or at the toll-house for collecting such tolls, in case such party cannot otherwise be found out to be served with such notice) shall be binding and condusive, as to value, as well against the King's majesty, his heirs, and successors, as against every other person or persons, bodies politick, and corporate, and Sgainst all other persons whomsoever, claiming any estate, right, title, trust, use, or interest in, to, or out of, the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments and premisses, or in, to, or out of, ' such lease of the tolls, either in poflection, reversion, remainder, or expectancy.

XIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That upon Upon payment payment of the sum or sums of money so to be awarded or ad- on the value judged to tire person or persons to whom the same shall be so P*6*

awarded, for the purchase of the said lands, tenements, or here- |£nvL£d te ditaments, or for the purchase of any estate or interest therein, the city, or for the purchase of the said lease of the tolls, such person or persons shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal, conveyances, assignments, and assurances, in the law, to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or of such estate or interest, for which such sum or sums of money shall be fp awarded; and shall also assign or surrender to the said mayor ?nd commonalty, and citizens, such lease of the tolls, and shall procure all necessary parties to execute such conveyances, alignments, and assurances, and shall do all acts, matters, and things, necessary and requisite to make a good, clear, and

perfect title to the said msiyor and commonalty, and citizens: and in case the person or persons to whom such sum or sums Where a good shall be awarded as aforesaid, shall not be able to evince their tide cannot title to the premisses, to the satisfaction of the said mayor, alder- J*"adc* or men, and commons, in common council assembled, and make, or procure to be made, good, valid, and legal, convey- ed, &c. ances thereof, to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or shall refuse so to do, being thereto required, and the sum or (urns so assessed and ^warded being produced and tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, on their making such title, and executing, or procuring to be exeeuted, such conveyances, alignments, or assurances, as aforesaid; or in case such person or per- or tfae panics fons to whom such sum or sums of money shall be so awarded, are not to be cannot be found in the said city; then, and in every such case, found. Sec. k shall and may be lawful to and for the said court or mayor and ftypipcQ to order the fud iw(w* fe nai

39

to he paid Into the bank;

to the order of the court ot Chan eery, upon m0' tien or peri* tkm.

Verdicts and judgements, &c "to he entered of record, in the mayor'* court.

Copie* good evidence.

dn such payment, premises to vest the city,

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37; £176ft

as the value of, and purchase-money for the find lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or for the purchase of such lease of the tolls as aforesaid, to be paid into the bank of England in the name, and with the privity, of the accountant general of the high court of Chancery, to be placed to his account, to the credit of the parties interested in the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments (describing the m) or in the said lease of the tolls, subject to the order, controul, and disposition, of the said court of Chancery; which said court of Chancery, on the application of any person or persons making claim to such sum, or any part thereof, by motion or petition, shall be, and is hereby, impowered, in a summary way of proceeding, or otherwise, as to tho same court shall seem meet, to order distribution thereof, according to the respective estate or estates, title or interest, of tho person or persons making claim thereunto, of, in, or to, such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or such lease of the tolls, to be made appear to, and to be declared by, the said court, and according to the value thereof assessed as aforesaid; and to mako such other order in the premisses as to the said court shall seem just and reasonable; and the cashier or cashiers of the bank of England* who shall receive such sum and sums, is and are hereby required to give a receipt or receipts for such sum or sums, mentioning and specifying for what premisses, and for whose use, the same is or are received, to such person as shall pay any such sum or sums into the bank as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all such verdidh, judgements, sentences, decrees, orders, and other proceedings of the said court of mayor and aldermen, and juries, as relate to or concern any such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or such lease of the tolls, so to be purchased; and all receipts which the said cashier or cashiers of the bank shall give for any sum or sums of money paid into the bank, in consequence of any such verdict and judgement; shall be entered among the records of the said court of mayor and aldermen: and the said verdicts, judgements, sentences, decrees, and orders, and other proceedings, shall be deemed and taken to be records to all intents and purposes wlut-soever; and the same, or true copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and effectual evidence and proof in any court or courts of law or equity whatsoever; and all persons shall and may have recourse to the same gratis^ and take copies thereof, paying for every copy, not exceeding two hundred words, six pence, and so proportionably for any greater or leflfer number of words; and immediately after such verdicts, judgements, sentences, decrees, orders, and other proceedings of the said court of mayor and aldermen, and juries, and payment into the bank as aforesaid, all the estate, right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim, and demand, in law and equity, of the person or persons to whose credit such money shall be paid, in, to, and out of, the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premisses, or in, to, or out of, such lease of the tolls, shall vest 'in the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens; and they stuft

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. 6. 3l. 391

be deemed in law to be in the actual possession thereof, to all fn-tenrs and purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually, as if every person having any estate in the premisses, had actually conveyed the same by Tease and release, bargain and sale enrolled, feoffment with livery and seisin, fine and recovery, or any other conveyance whatsoever; and such payment shall not only bar all in bar of right, title, interest, claim, and demand, of the person or persons dower, &c. to whose credit such payment shall have been made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed, to bar the dower and dowers of the wife or wives of such person or persons, and all estates tail, in reversion or remainder, and the issue or issues of such person or persons, and every person claiming under them* as effectually as a fine or recovery would do, if levied or suffered by the proper parties in due form of law.

XV7. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Mayor's shall and may be lawful for the said court of mayor and aider- court, onp6* tnen, after such payment into the bank, and entry of the receipt may

as afore fad, and before any application in respect thereof to the the"10

said court of Chancery, at the petition of any person or persons public in possession of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of funds* such lease of the tolls, to place out or invert, or causetobe placed out or inverted, such sum or sums of money, or any part thereof, in some of the public funds, or on government security, at interest, in the name of any person or persons authorized and appointed by the said court of mayor and aldermen, for that pur-post, in trust, to transfer and assign the same to the person or persons to whom the premisses belong, on their executing proper conveyances thereof; and in the mean time, in trust, to pay the interest and dividends, arising therefrom, to the person or persons who was or were in possession of the said premisses at the time of the said payment into the bank.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and Persons inti* every person or persons who would be intitled to recover the tied to mesne mesne profits of the prejnisles, or of the said tolls for the passage Pr?rtt5* to be over London Bridge, against the person or persons in possession, of the

in case the same had not been so conveyed to, or verted in, the |>urcha(e-mo-the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, as aforesaid, shall ney. be intitled to recover the sum or sums to arise from such interest and dividends as aforesaid, by action of debt, or otherwise, against the person or persons who shall receive the same; and the said Court to or-court of mayor and aldermen are hereby impowered to make der the tame such orders as aforesaid on the bank for the payment of such sum to be paid ac« or sums of money, or any part thereof, as shall be necessary in tordiugly. order to the same being so inverted in public (ecurities; and the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, shall be quieted in the possession of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and of the Aid lease of the tolls, for which such money shall be so paid as aforesaid; and shall not be answerable or accountable in any court of law or equity for the money so deposited and placed out is aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the tenor, purport, slid true meanings of this act. 1 i. XVII. Pro*

59*

If the money it not tendered, the said verdicts and judgement! not to be binding.

Purchase*monies of Pre-mi fifes held in trust, to be invested in other purchases, to the same ufts.

Conveyances by same covert inrolled, to be effectual j

and foall other bargains and lales for the purposes of this act.

Persons having any right, kt* in lands

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37. [1766.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said such or sums so assessed by the said iury, and ordered and adjudged by the said court of mayor and ahiermen to be paid to the owners, occupiers, and others, for their respective interests in the premises aforesaid, and in the said lease of the tolls, shall not be paid, tendered, or deposited, as herein directed, within six calendar months next after the same shall have been so afleffect, ordered, and adjudged; then, and in such case, the verdict of the said jury, and the order and adjudication of the said court, shall not be binding upon the said parties; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the principal money arising from the sale of any houses, edifices, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of such lease of the tolls which shall be purchased, for the purposes contained in this act, of any body corporate or collegiate, corporation aggregate or foie, feoffees in trust, guardians, committees, or other trustees, or from any same covert, shall be paid to such persons as they shall respectively nominate to receive the same, in trust, with all convenient speed then afterwards to be re-invested in the purchase of other messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to the like uses, trusts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the houses, edifices, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or such lease of the tolls, which shall be purchased of them respectively by the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens as aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, or allured, at the time of such purchase, or (a many thereof as, at the time of making such conveyances and settlements, shall be exiting and capable of taking efreft.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the conveyance of any such estate or interest of any same covert to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or any person or persons in trull for them, by bargain and sale, acknowledged by such same covert, and to be inrolled in the court of Hujiings of the said city, according to the custom of the said city, within six calendar months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the estate and interest of such same covert, in the premisses, as any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, would or could do, if levied or suffered thereof in due form of law; and farther, that all bargains and sales whatsoever to be made of any such lands, tenements and hereditaments, as shall be purchasea by the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, by virtue of, and for the purposes of, this act, shall have the force, effect, and operation, in law, to all intents and purposes, which any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries whatsoever, would have, if levied or suffer-cd by the bargainor or bargainors, or any person or persons seised of any estate in the premises, in trust, for or to the use of fuefi bargainor or bargainors, in any legal manner or form whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every perfoq and person; whomsoever, having any right, title, interest, use,

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37, 393

property, claim, or demand whatsoever, whether in possession, so purchased, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, in, to, or out of, any lands, ^uiSSTwitSS tenements, or hereditaments, which by virtue and for the pur- a limited poses of this act shall be purchased by and conveyed, or men- time, or be tioned or intended to be conveyed, to the said mayor and com- barred*monalty, and citizens, by any such bargain and sale as aforesaid, shall, within the space of five years, to be computed from the date of the inrollment of such bargain and sale, enter a memorial of such their right, title, interest, use, property, claim, and demand, in a book to be for that purpose prepared and kept by the town clerk of the said city of London for the time being; which book the said town clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly; and for which entry he shall be intitled to such fee, and no other, as the register of the county of Middlesex is by law intitled to for the registry of a memorial containing the same number of words5 and all and every person or persons whomsoever, not entering such right, claim, and demand, within such time, and in such manner as aforesaid, or having so entered the same, and not prosecuting such their right, claim; or demand, with effect, within the space of five years, to be computed from the time of such entry, shall be for ever barred, of all right, title, use, equity, property, claim, or demand whatsoever, whether in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy* in, to, upon, or out of, the said premisses, and every part thereof: and the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, and those claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the possession of all such lands, tenements, hereditaments, and pre-tnifles j any law, Statute, usage, matter, or thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That but at liberty any person or persons barred of any right, title, estate, interest, to recover the claim, or demand whatsoever, in, to, or out of, the said lands, Purchase-mo-tenements, and hereditaments, by virtue of this act, shall be at J(2t liberty to bring any action or actions of debt for money had and the same* received to his or their use, against any person or persons, or the legal representative of any person or persons, who received the purchase-money arising from such sale of the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premisses aforesaid; and that in every such case, the respective plaintiffs, on proof of such title as would have enabled them to recover such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, or any estate or interest in the same, shall recover the said purchase-money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to their interest in the said premisses, together with such interest as shall be equivalent to the 'mesne profits of the premisses which they would have been intitled to recover, in case this act had not been made.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every tenant After pur-mt will, or lessee for a year, or other person or persons in pof- ch*fc» te-.session of any such lands, tenements, hereditaments, and pre-, ^r pofllffion misles, or any part thereof, which shall be purchased by the said witbm fix mayor and commonalty, and citizens as aforesaid, and who months after

shall notice.

On refusal, court to issue precept to the sherifft to deliver possession.

Mortgagees, on tender of

interest, to Convey,

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37. [1766.

shall have no greater interest in the premtiles than as tenant at Will, or as lessee by parole for a year, or from year to year, shall, at the expiration of six calendar months after notice in writing left upon the premisses, or so soon after as he or they shall he required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the possession of the said premises to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or any person or persons authorized by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, to take possession thereof; and that in case any such person or persons shall refuse to give such possession, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said court of mayor and aldermen, to issue their precept or precepts to the sherifffs of the said city, to deliver possession of the premisses to such person or persons as shall in such precept or precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said sherifffs are hereby required to deliver possession accordingly of the said premisses, and to levy such costs as shall accrue from the issuing and execution of such precept or precepts, on the person or persons so refuting to give possession as aforesaid, by distress and sale of his, her, or their goods.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons who shall have any mortgage or mortgages on such &XLand tenements, and hereditaments, or on such lease of the

tolls, not being in possession thereof, by virtue of such mortgage or mortgages, shall, on the tender of the principal money, and interest due thereon, together with six months interest of the said principal money, by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, or by such person or persons as they shall appoint, immediately assign such mortgage or mortgages to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or to such person or persons as they shall appoint in trust for them* or in case such mortgagee or mortgagees shall have notice in writing from the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, that they will payoff and discharge the principal and interest which shall be due on the said mortgage or mortgages, at the end or expiration of six calendar months, to be computed from such notice given, that then, at the end of the said six months, on payment of the principal and interest lo due, such mortgagee or mortgagees shall assign his, her, or their interest in the premisses to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or such person or persons as they shall appoint in trust for them: and in case such mortgagee or mortgagees shall refuse cease^on^nay-to assign as aforesaid on such tender or payment, that then all mentofprinci- interest on every such mortgage shall cease and determine, pal ami interest into the bank.

Premisses to

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That upon payment of velt in the the principal money and interest due on any mortgage as aforesaid into the hank, at the end of six calendar months from such notice as aforesaid, for the use of the mortgagee or mortgagees, the cashier or cashiers of the bank shall give a receipt or receipts for the said money, in like manner as is herein before directed in cases of other payments into the bank; and thereupon all the

elhte,

Oh refusal, interest to

cuy.

395

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 3?.

astate, right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim, and demand, of the said mortgagee or mortgagees, and of every person or persons in trust for him or them, shall vest in the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens; and they shall be deemed to be in the actual pbfleflipn of the premises comprized in such mortgage or mortgages, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all sums of money to Monies to be be paid pursuant to any such agreement or verdict as aforesaid, paid or ten. or on any such mortgage, shall be, and are hereby charged and dered, before chargeable upon all monies which shall be raised or received for ep 0 the purposes of this act, and shall be tendered to the party or misses/ parties intitled to the same; and in case of refusal to accept the lame, shall be paid into the bank of England, in the names of any person or persons appointed by the said court of mayor and alaermen for that purpose, in trust for such person and persons as shall be intitled to receive the same, before the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall proceed to pull down any house or houses, or other credlions or buildings, or to use the ground for any of the purposes of this act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said court of Power to find mayor and aldermen shall have power, from time to time, to im- sheriffs, ju- pole any reasonable fine, not exceeding the sum of ten pounds,

on the said sheriffs, or their deputy or deputies, bailiffs or agents attending* respectively, making default in the premisses; and on any of the persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such jury or juries, who shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said jury or juries; or being so sworn, shall not give his or their verdict; and also on any person or persons who shall be summoned to give evidence touching any of the matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or shall refuse to be sworn; or who? being sworn shall refuse to give his, her, or their evidence; and or any other person or persons who shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his, her, or their duty in the premisses, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; and, from time to time, to levy such fine or fines, by order of the said court of mayor and aldermen, by distress and falc of the offenders goods, together with the reasonable charges of every such distress and sale, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner; and all such fines shall be applied to the purposes of this act.

XXVII. And whereas^ by reason of the purchases which the said mayor and commonalty, and citizenj, are hereby impowered to make, they may happen to be possessed of some piece or pieces of ground aver and above what may be necessary for any of the purposes of this act;

be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for common the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council council im-mfiembled, to lett, fell, or dispose of, any such piece or pieces of powered to ground, either together or in pareels, as they shall think most advantageous or convenient, to such person or persons as shall Iff willing to contract, agree for, or purchase the same. for the purposes of this act;

and to grant licences for building on part of the fereets.

Monies arising by such Tales or licences, to be appropriated to the purposes of this act.

Common council impowered to appoint committees.

The city and mercer's company by a joint committee to repair the royal exchange.

Anno septimo Georgii III. G* 37. [1766.

XXVIII. And whereas it may* fir the greater regularity er beauty of the streets, ways, or passages, to be improved by virtue of this at7, or of the said atJ of the twenty ninth year of King George the Second, be proper to build houses, or parts of houses, on some parts of the ground and foil of the said streets, ways* or passages* or on same part of the former channel of Bridewell Dock, be it further eluded, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, for and in consideration of such sum or sums of money, or yearly relit or rents to be paid into the receipt of the chamber of the said city of London, as they shall think reasonable, to grant unto the owner or owners of the freehold and inheritance of the house or houses fronting any such (treet, way, or passage, licence or licences, under die common seal of the said city of London, to build upon and inclose so much of the around and foil in the front of their said respective house or houses, as they shall judge fit and proper to be built upon for the reasons aforesaid; and the

fpound and foil so build ujpon in pursuance of such licence or icences, shall for ever, or for and during the time or term to be expressed in such licence or licences respectively, be annexed to and enjoyed with the adjoining freehold \ any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the monies arising by the sale or letting of the grounds, so to be lett or fold, or by sale of the materials of houses and buildings to be purchased and pulled down by virtue of this present act, not herein before appropriated; and all monies to be paid for such licences as aforesaid; shall be employed, and the same are hereby appropriated to the purposes of this act, and shall not be employed to or for any other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, from time to time, to appoint one or more committee or committees, to manage and transact all or any of the matters or purposes which they the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, are hereby authorized or required to do, execute, or perform j which committee or committees, so to be appointed, shall have such powers and authorities as shall, from time to time, be given or delegated to them respectively by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, or such general powers as by this act are given or granted to such committees respectively.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the city of London (in whom the said building called The Royal Exchange, is veiled, by the last will and-testament of Sir Thomas Gresham, formerly of the said city, knight, deceased, to, for, and upon, the uses, trusts, intents, and purposes, therein directed or expressed concerning the same) shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to cause the

397

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37;

said Royal Exchange to be put into immediate and sufficient Repair; such repair to be done and executed by or under the directions of a joint committee of the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, and of the said wardens and commonalty, commonly called The Gresham Committee.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That No member no person, being a member of any of the said committees, shall of any of the be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in any contrail, S°ln, ?lttce9 which shall be made or entered into by or on behalf of such com- cc*nede mittees respectively, for or concerning any of the said works, to control

be carried on or performed in pursuance of this all; or for or concerning any materials to be used or employed therein; upon pain that every such contrail shall be null and void-r and that the person who, being a member of any of, the said committees,

shall be so interested or concerned, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who mall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by allion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced within six months next sifter the offence committed; in which allion or suit respectively, no proteilion, essoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and every person against whom the said penalty shall be recovered, shall for ever thereafter be disabled from being elelled a member of the court of common council of the said city of London.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may Committees be lawful to and for the said respective committees to contrail impowered t* and agree with any person or persons, whether free of the said cmpl°y P*r-city or not, for executing all dr any of the works or purposes 1101 freCf aforesaid, in such manner as they shall think (it: and no such person or persons, who shall be so employed or controlled with, nor any person or persons to be set to work by or under them, or any of them, shall, for any all done or to be done in or about any of the works aforesaid, be subject or liable to any action« indillment, or information, upon the Statute made in the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act containing divers orders Jor artificers, labourers, servants of husbandry, and apprentices; or be liable to be sued for any breach of the custom of London, Qr for any penalties infiilled fey any bye-law of the said city.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, ThatOmtralh to previous to the making of every such contrail, the said commit- be

tees respectively shall cause notice to be given in some of the daily newspapers, of their intention to make such contrail: and that all persons willing to engage therein, may make proposals to them at a certain time and place in every such notico to be specified; and all contrails made, or to be made, in consequence of such notice, shall specify the several works to be done, and the price or prices to fee paid for the same, and the time or times when the said works are to be completed, together with the penalties to be incurred in case of the non-performance thereof; and the same shall be entered in a book or Vol.XXVII. D d books.

39

31* ios. per tent.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37. [1766.

books, to be kept for that purpose, by the town clerk of the said city of London for the time being.

Common XXXV. And, for enabling the said mayor, aldermen, and com-

council im- mens, in common council assembled, and the said wardens and common-raise i*6 ooool m$ftery Gft Mercers respectively, to effect the several pur-

upon the or^ P°JCS tsforesaid, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be pliaiu fund, lawful"to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, at any time or times, from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, to borrow and raise any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one hundred and fifty six thousand pounds, upon the credit of the said fund so by the said act of the fifth and sixth years of King fVMiam and Queen Mary established, and by the said act: of the twenty first year of King George the Second in part further continued, and by this present act in part further continued and augmented; the said monies to be paid into the Receipt of the chamber of the said city of London, by such installments, in such proportions, and at such times, as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council to bc^ntitled affemt>led, shall think fit and agree: and the persons who shall to redeemable contract to advance or contribute any part of the said monies, annuities at shall, in respect of the sums which they shall so respectively contract to advance, be intitled to annuities at and after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum, to commence and be computed from the payment of the first of the said installments, and to be thenceforth paid and payable every six months, until redemption thereof by payment of each respective principal sum: and that no part of the monies so to be lent or advanced, nor any of the said annuities so to take place in rc-(pest thereof, shall be rated or assessed to any tax or assessment whatsoever.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall

such ^n"^SiT°rcau^e a k°Ilc^ or or other security, in writing, under the tieV ^Ifign^ble common seal of the said city, to be delivered to every person ad-by indorie- vancing the said monies, for the payment of such annuities in meat. respect thereof, until redeemed as is herein after-mentioned;

which bonds, notes, or other securities, shall be assignable by proper words to be written or indorsed thereon.

XXXVII. And, to the intent that the said intended bridge at Black Fryars may, in due time, be freed and exempted from the payment of any toll for the passage over the same; be it further enacted, That the said fund, by the said act of the fifth and sixth years of King William and Queen Mary established, and by the said act of the twenty first year of King George the Second in part further continued, and by this present act in part further continued and augmented, mall, from and after the said twenry fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, be charged and chargeable with the payment of the principal and interest of the said sum of one hundred and forty four thou-

firid

Common council to

The orphans fund charged with the said j 44, 000l.

399

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37;

ftnd pounds, so borrowed and raised for the purposes of the said bridge as aforesaid, over and above the debt now remaining due to the said orphans and other creditors of the said city, and the said sum of one hundred and fifty six thousand pounds to be raised and borrowed upon the credit thereof, as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, for and towards 6 d. duty upon rendering the said fund sufficient and effectual to pay off and dif- co^ 5ontI" charge not only the principal and interest of the debt so remain- yc^l#°r* i/ig due to the said orphans and other creditors of the said city, but Likewise of the said sum of one hundred and forty four thousand pounds, so charged thereon by this present act, and also to pay and redeem the annuities which will be payable in respect of the said sum of one hundred and fifty six thousand pounds so to be raised and borrowed upon the credit thereof; the said imposition of six pence for every chaldron or ton of coals or culm, so by the said act of the fifth and sixth years of King William and Queen Mary, granted during a term of fifty years, and by the said act of the twenty first year of K.\ng George the Second further continued for a term of thirty five years, shall be, and the same is hereby, continued for a further term of forty six years from the expiration of the said term of thirty five years: and that all and every- the powers, authorities, directions, and provisions, coni' tained in the said two acts, or either of them, for the colledine, levying, and recovering, of the said imposition, and all the penalties thereby imposed, and regulations therein respectively made for preventing fraud and covin, shall remain and be in force, and* by virtue of this act, shall and may be exercised and put in use, for collecting, levying, and recovering, the said imposition, for and during all the time by this act limited and appointed for the payment thereof, as if the same were herein expressly mentioned and repeated, and at large re-enacted: and all monies to be received upon account of the said imposition hereby continued shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of the chamber of the said city of London, for and towards the increase of the said fund.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That for and towards City revenues the further inerease of the said fund, all and every the manors, charged with mefluaees, lands, tenements, markets, fairs, and the duties thereof, and all other the revenues of and belonging to the said fund.° C city of London, in possefllon or reversion, shall ( from and after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, unto the twenty fourth day of June, which will be in the year one thousand eight hundred and thirty one) stand and be charged with the full yearly sum of one thousand five hundred pounds, and no more, over and above the said several yearly (inns of eight thousand pounds, and two thousand pounds, with which they now respectively {land charged: which yearly sum of one thousand five hundred pounds is hereby appropriated, and shall be applied, to the same uses to which the said yearly sums of tight thousand pounds, and two thousand pounds, are, by the said^fcnner acts, or by this present act, made liable.

D da

years, towards discharge of the principal of the orphans debts

400 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. yjl [176^4

Said fundI ap-

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said fund created Pa°Pdiettnt€° ^Y the said act of the fifth and sixth years of King William and ref? of the or- Queen Mary^and by the said act of the twenty first year of phans debt, King George the Second, and by this present act in part further and of said continued and augmented, shall be, and the same is hereby, t44, 0001, and appropriated, in the first place, to pay the interest on the said 15 >°°° principal debt remaining due to the said orphans, and other creditors, of the said city; and after payment thereof, then to pay the interest on the said principal sum of one hundred and forty four thousand pounds so by this act charged upon the said fund, and also the annuities which shall be payable in respect of the said sum of one hundred and fifty six thousand pounds, so to be borrowed and raised upon the credit thereof.

Surpluses of XLL And^J'or difekarging the principal of the said sum of one laid fund to hundred and forty four thousand pounds, and redeeming the annuities be applied, for which shall he so payable in respect of the said sum of one hundred ani the hril tour pptyplx thousand pounds, as well as the said principal debt now due to the said orphans, and other credit or j, of the said city ^London, be it further enacted, That the future surplusses of the said fund, so created, continued, and augmented, as aforesaid (after reserving so much money as shall be sufficient to satisfy the interest which shall, at any time, be due to the said orphans, and other creditors, of the said city, as also to satisfy the interest which shall, at any time, be due on the said sum of one hundred and forty four thousand pounds, and the said annuities in respect of the said sum of one hundred and fifty six thousand pounds) shall, from time to time, by order of the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city of London (which order the said court are hereby authorized and directed to make) be, by the chamberlain of the said city for the time being, applied towards the payment and discharge of the principal, as well of the said sums of one hundred and forty four thousand pounds, and one hundred and fifty six thousand pounds, as of the said debt due to the said orphans, and other creditors, of the same city, in manner following; that is to say, for and during the space of four years, to be computed from the said twenty fourth day of June % one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, towards the payment and discharge of the said principal debt due to the said orphans, and other creditors, of the said city as aforesaid, or of so much of the said principal debt as the said surplusses shall, during the said four years, amount unto; and from and after the expiration of the said four years, then towards the payment and discharge of the said principal sum of one hundred and forty four thousand pounds; and from and after the payment anddiJ-charge thereof, then towards the payment and discharge -of so much of the said principal debt as mail then remain due to the said orphans, and other creditors of the said city; and from and after the payment and discharge of the whole of such debt, then towards redemption of all and every the annuities so to be granted in respect of the said sum of one hundred and fifty six thousand pounds: the payment of whichiaid several fume, dnfi

then of said 144, 0001.

then of the remainder of the orphans debt, and afterwards to redeem the said annuities

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37; 40jj

and may be made in such order as the said court of mayor and aldermen shall think fit, but within the respective times so as aforesaid limited for the making thereof respectively,

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Upon fix said court of mayor and aldermen shall give, or cause to be given, months no-fik calendar months notice of their intention to pay off such respective principal sums, or to redeem such annuities, to the per- JndwndCTof (on or persons to whom the same shall respectively belong; at the money, the end of which six months, upon payment or tender of thetbe interest or respective sums so due, or for which such annuities shall have*nnuitie| to been granted, to or for the person or persons to whom such no-wa c*'tice shall be given, at the office of the chamberlain of the said city of London, for the time being, in the Guildhall of the same city; and from thenceforth the interest or annuity payable to such person or persons, to whom such notice and payment or tender shall have been so given or made as aforesaid, shall cease and deter* mine: nevertheless, the monies so tendered shall be paid to such but theprin-person or persons, upon his, her, or their demand, and giving acipal tobeftill discharge for the same; and the said debts or sums so charged Pay*Wc« on the said fund, and paid off as aforesaid, shall be annihilated.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for The surplus-and during the said space of four years, to be computed from the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, the surplusses arising and to arise of the said fund, yearly; and shall be applied to the respective purposes aforesaid yearly, at afterward* the end of each year; but that from and after the expiration of yearly, the said four years, the said surplusses shall be so applied at the end of every half year.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Deficiencies in the said fund shall at any time or times hereafter prove insufficient payment of to pay off and discharge the interest of the said respective princi- fai^ inr?r5ft pal debts, and the annuities so charged thereon \ then, and in payout

every such case, and so often as the same shall happen, the sum, of the cham-which shall be wanting to complete the payment and discharge ber, and sup-of such interest and annuities, mall be advanced and paid out of Pj, cd out the chamber of the said city, and be made good, and supplied out Br"

of the next surplusses arising or to arise of the said fund.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said sum of one Application hundred and fifty six thousand pounds, so to be raised and bor- of the money rowed as aforesaid, shall be issued and applied, and the same is raised. hereby appropriated to and for the respective uses and purposes herein after mentioned that is to say, a sum not exceeding fifty eight thousand five hundred pounds, part of the said sum of one hundred and fifty six thousand pounds, shall be issued and applied for and towards the completing of the said intended bridge from JQlaci Friars to the opposite side in the said county of Surrey; and for or towards making, widening, enlarging, and improving, streets, ways, and passages, on each side of the said river, to and from the said bridge, according to the powers given to the said mayor, aldermen, and commons. In common council assembled

4ft a&d by said act of the twenty ninth year of King George

4oj Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37. 11766.

the Second, or in and by this present act: and a sum not exceeding: seven thousand five hundred pounds, other part of the said sum of one hundred and fifty six thousand pounds, shall be issued and applied for or towards defraying the expence of embanking so much of the north side of the said river, within the limits aforesaid, as shall by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, be embanked by virtue of this present act; the residue of the said sum of seven thousand five hundred pounds, if any, after defraying such expences, to be ilTiicd and applied in manner herein after mentioned and directed, as part of a fund for lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing, the said intended bridge when built: and a sum not exceeding thirty thousand pounds, other part of the said sum of one hundred and fifty six thousand pounds, shall be issued and applied, in the first place, for or towards redeeming and purchasing the said tolls, payable for the passage over London Bridge, and the Icafe thereof; and the residue shall be placed out at interest, upon such government or real securities, or be laid out in the purchase of the freehold and inheritance of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as to the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, mall seem meet, in trust, for or towards the uses, intents, and purposes, to which the said tolls, or the rents and fines payable in respect thereof, are now applicable: and a sum not exceeding fifty thousand pounds, other part of the said sum of one hundred and fifty six thousand pounds, shall be issued and applied for or towards the pulling down the said gaol of Newgate, and building a new gaol instead thereof; and for or towards purchasing such houses and lands as shall by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, be judged necessary for the purpose of rendering such new gaol more airy, extensive, and commodious, or for making, widening, enlarging, or improving, any of the streets, ways, or passages, adjoining or leading to the said intended new gaol and sessions house: and a sum not exceeding ten thousand pounds, residue of the said sum of one hundred and fifty six thousand pounds, shall be issued and applied for or towards the immediate and substantial repairs of the said house or And to heap- building, called The Royal Exchange: and no part of any of the other'use^110 ^a, c* ^veral sums shall be applicable or applied to or for any other9use, intent, or purpose whatsoever, than to or for, or towards, the several purposes to which the same are so respectively appropriated by this act; and if any surplus shall remain of any of the said sums, over and above what shall be applied to the several and ndif any respective uses and purposes aforesaid, all and every such surplus applied0 in! A13*! applied and appropriated for or towards the increase of creale the the fund by the said act of the fifth and sixth years of King Wil- fund. ham and Queen Mary established, and by the said act of the twenty first year of King George the Second and this present act in part continued and augmented as aforesaid, to and for the several uses and purposes thereof, by the said acts, or any of them, it* spectively declared or appointed.

XLVI. An*

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37* 403

XLVI. And be it farther enacted, That the said mayor and City to pay an commonalty, and citizens, shall, and they are hereby required, ^n"|U, ^)^r(|g yearly and every year, to pay, or cause to be paid, to the treasurer, wdh^in-for the time being, of the of appointed by an act of fterpavement, parliament made in the second year of his present Majesty's reign, or to be appointed by any future act of parliament, for paving the city and liberty of IP'eJhninjUr, the parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that part of the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies in the county of A&ddlesex, the several liberties of the Rolls and Savoft and that part of thedutchy of Lancaster which lies in the county of Middlesex, or his assigns, one or more annuity or annuities, or yearly sum or sums of money, not exceeding the yearly sum of eight hundred pounds in the whole, by equal half-yearly payments; that is to say, on the twenty fifth day of March, and twenty ninth day of September, in every year; the first payment thereof to begin and be made upon the twenty fifth day of Marehy which will be in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight: and that the said mayor and commonalty, and of48ol. to-.. citizens, shall, and they are hereby required, yearly and every ward*the b°* year, to pay, or cause to be paid, unto the treasurer, for the paVC" time being, of the of appointed by an act of the sixth year of his said present Majesty's reign, or to be appointed by any future act of parliament for paving the town and borough ot Southwark, and parts adjacent, or his assigns, one or more annuity or annuities, or yearly sum or sums of money, not exceeding the yearly sum of four hundred and eighty pounds in the whole, by like equal half-yearly payments; that is to say, on the twenty fifth day of Marche and twenty ninth day of September, in every year; the first payment thereof to begin and be made on the said twenty fifth day of Marcby which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight aforesaid: two third parts of which annuity or annuities shall be applied to the use of the western division, and the other third part to the use of the eastern division, described in the said act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That for securing the and for that payment of the said respective annuities to the respective com- purpose to if-missioners aforesaid, in manner above-mentioned, the said mayor ufl#

and commonalty, and citizens, shall make and execute, under nion fad.00"1* the common seal of the said city, and deliver unto the treasurer far the time being of the said of for paving the streets within the city and liberty of Westminster, and parishes adjacent, one or more bond or bonds (the number thereof to be at the option of the said of) and that the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, shall be therein bound to the treasurer for the time being to the said of, in some penal sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of twenty thousand pounds, to be paid to the said treasurer, or his assigns, with condition, that such bond or bonds shall be void on pay-medt of the said annuity or annuities of eight hundred pounds

I) d 4*per

Bonds (if mere than one)to be numbered.

4°4 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37. [1766.

per annum as aforesaid, or on redemption of such annuity or annuities on the terms and in manner herein after expressed; and that the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, shall, in like manner, make'and execute, under the common seal of the said city, and deliver unto the treasurer for the time being of the said of for paving the Ifareets within the said town and borough of Southwark, one or more bond or bonds (the number thereof to be at the option of the said of)

and that the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, shall be therein bound to the said treasurer for the time being to the said lad named of, in some penal sum or sums, not exceeding In the whole the sum of twelve thousand pounds, to be paid to the said treasurer, or his assigns, with condition, that such bond or bonds shall be void on payment of the said annuity or annuities of four hundred and eighty pounds per annum as aforesaid, or on the redemption of such annuity or annuities on the^terms and in manner herein after expressed.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said bonds (if more than one) so to be executed and delivered to the treasurer of the said of for paving ths streets within the said city and liberty of Westminster^znd parishes adjacent, shall be numbered in arithmetical progression, beginning at number one; and the said bonds (if more than one) so to be executed and delivered to the treasurer of the said of for paving the streets within the said town and borough of Southwark, shall be numbered in like manner; and all the said bonds shall be respectively assignab'e by proper words to be written or endorsed thereon, and shall or may be sold, or disposed of, by the said of respectively; and the monies arising by such falc, and in the mean time the annuities to arise from such bonds, shall respectively be appropriated and applied towards the execution of the fevera) trusts which the said of are or shall, by any such act or acts, respectively be authorized or required to execute, or cause to be executed, and to or for no other use or purpose whatsoever.

Annuities to

XLIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That thebe redeemable said annuities shall, from time to time (until the whole shall be by the city, redeemed) be redeemable by the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, either wholly, or in part, according to their numerical order, without preference or partiality, upon six calendar months notice for that purpose, to be first publirtied in the />*-ion Gazette \ at the expiration of which time, the proprietors of such annuity or annuities shall, upon delivering up to the chamberlain of the said city of London, for the time being, at his office In the guildhall of the same city, the said bond or bonds so given for the same, be intitled to receive from the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, the sum of one hundred pounds, for and in full satisfaction and redemption of every four pounds of such annuity or annuities; which annuity or annuities shall, from and after the end of the said six months, cease, and b§ po longer paid or payable} apy thing to be in such bond or bonds

and »ffjgamble by endowment.

go notice.

405

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37.

bonds contained to the contrary thereof, in any ways notwithstanding.

L. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Tolls of Lon* all and every the tolls which are or shall be payable, by virtue don Bridge of any act of parliament or prescription, for the paflTage over and BlacK London Bridge, and for the passage over the said intended bridge ^ccaie^n the at Black Fryars, shall have continuance, and be paid and payable cjty'& being to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, until they shall, reimbursed by and out of the nett produce thereof to arise or accrue from and said anuumes# after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hun- &c# dred and seventy (after deducting the charges of the collection thereof, and the charges which will attend the making and executing the bonds by this act directed to be given, and theobtaining and passing of this present act, which they are hereby authorized to retain) receive and be reimbursed, all such sum and sums of money as they shall have advanced in payment of the said annuities, or for the redemption thereof, together with interest for the money so advanced at and after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum \ but from and immediately after such reimbursement shall have been made and completed, the said tolls shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any law, Statute, or prescription, to the contrary thereof, in any ways notwithstanding.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the ground and foil of Ground em-the said river so to be inclosed and embanked, in the front of banked toveft every such respective wharf or ground (and which shall be bounded on the east and west (ides thereof by straight lines running, at right angles, to and upon the said intended front line) shall vest, and the same is hereby vested in the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of such adjoining wharf or ground, according to his, her, or their respective estates, trusts, or interests therein, free from all taxes and assessments whatsoever.

LII. Andy in order to provide a fund for defraying the expences of lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing, the said intended bridge when builty be it further enacted, That the ground and foil of the The ground said river, which by virtue of this a St shall be so inclosed and em-°

banked, shall, from and after the twenty ninth day of September, lub-

one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, be for ever subject jea to a quit-to, and the same is hereby charged with the following yearly quit- relit of 1 y. rents; that is to say, as to so much thereof as shall be so inclosed H* 4ooti and embanked by or at the expence of the respective owners or proprietors of the adjoining wharfs or grounds, to and with a yearly quit-relit of one farthing sterling per foot, superficial measure, for every superficial foot thereof; and as to so much of the and if by the said ground and foil as shall be so inclosed and embanked by or- city, to a der and at the expence of the said mayor, aldermen, and com- quit-relit of mons, in common council assembled, as aforesaid, to and with alli'tr t00t*

Sarly quit-relit of one penny sterling per foot, superficial' mea-re, for every superficial foot thereof \ which said yearly qqit- vents shall be, and the same are hereby vested in and payable to |be said mayor and tommQnalty, and dti&coa* for ever, to and for

off

Tenants by kafe to pay said quit-nuts j

find in case of embankment by the land-lot dj to pay

an additional lent of 3q. per loot.

Tenants indemnified for their payments to the city*

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37. [1766.

the uses, intents, and purposes, herein after mentioned, of and concerning the same; and shall be yearly paid and payable into the receipt of the chamber of the said city of London, upon the twenty fifth day of March, and twenty ninth day of September, in every year, by even and equal portions; the first of such payments to begin and be made upon such of the said days as shall first and next happen after such respective embankments shall have been finished and completed.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said quit-rents, so charged upon, and payable in respect of, the ground and foil of the said river, lying opposite and contiguous to any wharfs or grounds, which, at the time of such respective embankments, mall be held by any tenant or tenants, by virtue of or under any lease or leases thereof, or any agreement or agreements in writing, shall, during the continuance of the term or interest of such tenant or tenants therein respectively, be paid and payable by such tenant or tenants, over and above the rents reserved and made payable by such lease or leases, agreement or agreements, respectively.

LIV. Provided always, That where the said ground and foil of the river, opposite and contiguous to any of the said wharfs or grounds, shall be inclosed or embanked, by or at the charge of the landlord or landlords of such wharf or ground respectively, the tenant or tenants thereof, holding under such lease or leases, agreement or agreements, shall, during the continuance of his, her, or their term or interest therein, pay unto his, her, or their respective landlord or landlords, over and above the said quit-relit, and the relit or rents reserved and made payable by such lease or leases, agreement or agreements, an additional yearly relit of three farthings per foot, superficial measure, for every superficial foot contained in the ground and foil so inclosed and embanked for him, her, or them respectively; which additional relit or rents shall commence and take place at the same time as the quit-rents hereby reserved and made payable to the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the said city, are directed to take place, and shall be paid and payable, and shall and may be recovered, in such and the like manner as the said original relit or rents is or are reserved and recoverable by or under such lease or leases, agreement or agreements; any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any ways notwithstanding.

LV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all cases not herein before mentioned and provided for the tenant or tenants of any of the said wharfs or grounds shall and may pay into the receipt of the chamber of the said city, the quit-relit hereby made payable in respect of the ground and foil opposite and contiguous to his, her, or their respective wharfs or grounds, and dedud the same out of the relit or rents which he* (he, or they, shall be liable to pay to his, her, or their respective landlord or landlords; and, upon payment of such quit-rents* shall be acquitted and discharged of so much money as the same shall amount unto* as if the same had actually been paid to such

landlord

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37: 407

landlord or landlords: and if any difference shall arise between Mayor and landlord and tenant, or any other person, concerning the said quit-relit, or any part thereof, the court of mayor and aldermen dfftVrencci of the said city of London shall have, and they are hereby inverted between land-with, full power to hear the same in a summary way, upon peti- lord and te-tien of either of the parties, and fourteen days notice to the nan[» other parties interested, and finally to determine the same. tice.* n°"

LVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the city, in case said yearly quit-relit, or any part thereof, shall happen to be be- of non pay-hind or unpaid, by the space of forty days next over or after ei- mcTr^l^'tcr therof the said days herein before appointed for payment there- 111 P0* of; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, into and upon the premisses, in respect of which such yearly quit-relit, or any part thereof, shall so be in arrear, to enter, and the same to hold, use, occupy, possess, and enjoy, and the rents and profits thereof to take, until thereby, or otherwise, the said yearly quit-relit so due and in arrear for the same, together with the costs and charges of such entry and possession, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

LVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Quit-relit* re-yearly quit-relit, by this act reserved and made payable, and decmable. ivery or any part thereof, shall be redeemable, upon payment to the chamberlain of the said city for the time being of the price or value thereof, to be computed and estimated ai and after the rate of twenty years purchase, together with all arrears of the said yearly quit-relit, to be computed pro rata to the day of such payment or tender.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- Agreements thing in this act contained shall extend to vacate or set aside any with the so-agreement which hath been, or shall be, made between the said cieties of the mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, le

or any committee of them, or their agent or agents, and thenottobeva-benchers of the two honourable societies of the Middle Temple and cated,

Jfiner Temple, or either of them, with respect to the said embankment, or any payment or other matter relating the reunto; but such agreement or agreements shall be duly carried into execution; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this or their fran-aft contained shall extend to take away, alter, or abridge, any chifea abridg-right, claim, privilege, franchise, exemption, or immunity, tq cd-Which the said societies, or either of them, are now by law intitled; but the lame shall remain and continue in such force and effect as if this act had never been made.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all the monies which Redemption shall be so paid for the redemption or purchase of any part of the money and Aid quit-rents, and also the residue (it any) of the said fuiq of residue of reven thousand five hundred pounds (part of the said sum of onq to

hundred and fifty six thousand pounds, to be borrowed and at mtereftT1* as aforesaid) which iqay remjiut after defraying the e*-»

1: ..... Pcn<*

4°8

atnd said interest and quit-rents.

appropriated to the lighting the new bridge.

Chamberlain to keep accounts of receipts and disburse-snents, for public inspec (ion.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37; [1766.

pence of the embankments so to be made by order of the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall be placed out at interest, upon real or government securities, in the name of the chamberlain, comptroller, and town clerk, of the said city for the time being: and the interest or dividends of the said turns lb to be placed out at interest, which shall accrue before the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy; and the said quit-rents, which in that time shall become due and payable; shall, in like manner, be placed out at interest, in addition to the said prind-

!>al sums; and the interest or dividends of the said accumulated ums, together with the quit-rents which shall not be redeemed, and shall accrue from and after the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, shall, from time to time, be iftiiedand applied, and the same "are hereby appropriated, to, for, or towards, the lighting, watching, cleaning, and repairing, the said intended bridge at Black Fryars, and to or for no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

LXI. Andy to the end that the several sums of money hereby appointed and appropriated to the respective uses and purposes herein before-mentioned and prescribedy may be duly applied to such uses accordingly y and to no other, be it further enacted, That there shall, from time to time, be provided and kept by the chamberlain of the said city of London for the time being, one or more book or books of vellum or parchment, in which all the monies to be # received of the said fund, by the said act of the fifth and sixth'years of King William and Queen Mary established, and by the said act of the twenty first year of King George the Second and this present act in part continued and augmented, shall, from time to time, as the same shall be received, be entered and set down; and such entry shall specify for what the same was received; and also one other like book or books, wherein the accounts of aD payments and disbursements out of the same shall be likewise entered and set down, expressing the time when, the occasion for which, and the name of the person or persons to whom, the same were so paid and disbursed; and that the accounts of such receipts and payments be audited yearly upon oath, before one of the auditors of the imprest for the time being (which oath the said auditors respectively are hereby required to administer) between the feast days of Saint Afschael the archangel and Saint Thomas the apostle; and the said auditor shall have and receive of the chamberlain of the said city of London for the time being the sum of twenty shillings, and no more, for every thousand pounds the said account shall amount to; which accounts, so audited, shall be signed by the auditor, and be allowed also by the said court of mayor and aldermen of the said city of London: and there shall also be provided and kept by the said chamberlain, one or more book or books of vellum or parchment, in which all the monies, which by virtue of this present act shall be raised or borrowed upon the credit of the fund aforesaid, shall, from time to time, as the same shall be received, be entered and let downs

md

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37. 409

and wherein also all the monies to be paid and disbursed out of the monies to be received shall, from time to time, be entered and set down; and such entry shall express the time when, tho occasions for which, and the names of the persons towhom, thef same shall be so paid$ the account of which said last mentioned receipts and payments shall be yearly audited and allowed by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled: and there shall also be provided and' kept by the said chamberlain one or more book or books of vellum or parchment, in which all the monies to be received from any of the tolls which, from and after the said twenty ninth day ot Septrn-ter9 one thousand seven hundred and seventy* shall be payable* for the passage over London Bridge, or for the passage of the said intended bridge at Black Friary shall, from time to time, as the same shall be received, be entered and set down; and wherein also all the monies to be paid or di(buried of the monies so re* ceived shall, from time to time, be entered and set down; and such entry shall express the times when, the occasions for which, and the names of the persons to whom, the same shall be fa paid $ the account of which last mentioned receipts and payments shall be yearly audited and allowed by the said court of mayor and aldermen of the said city; and the said several book* shall remain in the chamber of the said city of London, to be perused and infyeded gratis by any person or persons at any time or times (Sundays or other holidays excepted) in the forenoon* between the hours of ten and twelve.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Commoit. shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, council inland commons, in common council assembled, and they are powered to hereby authorized and impowered, from time to time, to nomi-

nate and appoint such and so many clerks and other officers under them as shall be necessary to be employed in or about the execution of all or any the purposes aforesaid; and out of the said monies to be raised by virtue or in pursuance of this act, to make such allowances to the said clerks and officers respectively, for their care and pains in the execution of their respective offices, as they shall think reasonable; any thing herein before contained, to the contrary thereof in any ways notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every officer Officers con-and officers, or other person or persons whatever, concerned, or corned in the to be concerned, in the receipt of any of the sums of money by this act appropriated to the uses aforesaid, before he or they shall &jvc Neurit/, be admitted to take upon him or them the execution of any of the said office or offices, shall be bound with sufficient sureties to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, for the just and faithful execution of such office or employment, in such reasonable sum or sums as by the said court of mayor and aldermen shall be thought fitting, having regard to the trust reposed, or to be reposed, in such officer or officers.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any chamberlain Penalty on Of tbs dud city of London, or other officer or person aforesaid, officer* mif-

shall, applying any

4<o

of the said monies.

City answer-

carion by them.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 37. [1766.

shall, after receipt of any of the said monies, divert or misapply the same, or any part thereof, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; then such chamberlain or other officer, or person aforesaid, lo diverting or misapplying the said money, shall forfeit treble the sum so misapplied; which said forfeitures shall be recovered by any of the said orphans and other creditors of the said city, claiming under or by virtue of the said act of the fifth and sixth years of King William and Queen Mary, or by the executors, administrators, or alsigns, of any of them, who shall sue for the same by adionof debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, wherein no efthin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said able in case of sums by this act appropriated, or any part thereof, shall happen any mi app 1- |0^misapp]ieci or converted to any other use than as aforesaid, by the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens of London, for the time being, or any of their officers, or any other person, by colour of any warrant or authority by, from, or under them; then, and in such case, the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, shall be answerable for the same, out of the revenues of the said corporation, in any action to be brought by any of the said creditors, their executors, administrators, or alligns; which said sum so recovered shall be applied to the same ufesas the same sums (if not misapplied) Should or might have been; excepting the costs of suit, which shall be to and for the benefit of him, her, or them, so suing.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all amerciaments, fines, issues, or distreiTcs, against the said corporation of the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, had,

- ., charged, or levied, in or upon account of such suits or adioas

ufcTu/thi*1 C brought, shall be applied to the uses aforesaid, and to no other a^t, ami not use whatsoever $ nor shall the same be pardoned, acquitted, or discharged, by any letters of signet, privy leal of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, or otherwise howfoeYcr; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Chamberlain

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the chamberlain of to Uy ac- the said city of London, for the time being, shall, within the first counts before session of the next parliament, lay before each house of parlia-

Amerciaments, &c. against the city to be ap

to be discharged, &c,

parliament

annually.

ment an account of the surplus which shall have arisen between the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and twenty ninth day of September* in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, of and from the said fund established by the said act of the fifth and sixth years of King William and Queen Maiy, and in part further continued and augmented by the said act of the twenty iirft year of King George the Second and this present act, and how much of the said surplus shall have been applied to the payment of the said respective principal sums, and how much of such principal sums shall then remain unpaid; and also an account of the dilburie-jpents within that time of the said sum of one hundred and fifty

2 fix

I

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 38. 411

six thousand pounds, or of so much thereof as shall have then been raised and borrowed; and also an account of the receipts of, and payments out of the said tolls, within the same time; and shall, in each succeeding year, lay before each house of parliament, the like accounts for the year, ending the twenty ninth day of September then last pad.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Bonds, &rc. bond, note, contract, agreement, assignment, entry, copy, or *2* by proceeding, by this act directed or authorized to be executed, chvaeaWe made, or given, shall be charged or chargeable, or subject or li- with any duty* able to any duty whatsoever.

LXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no-This act not thing in this act contained, shall extend or be construed to ex- to affect any tend, to lessen or affect the security of any of the present credi-of f^c c, ty'* tors of the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, further or otherwise, than is herein expressly directed and enacted,

LXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any action shall be brought, or suit commenced against action*. any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, or in relation to the premisses, or any of them, every such action or suit (haffbe laid or brought within six calendar months next after the fact done, and shall be laid or brought in the said city of London, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defen- General Issue. dams, in such action, may plead the General Issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall not be brought within the time before limited, or shall be brought in any other city, county, or place, than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or party shall be-jcbme nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or actions, or if judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the said defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any de- Treble cost*. fendant or defendants hath or have for costs in other cases by law,

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, pttblick act. That this act shall be allowed in all courts whatsoever, as a public act j and all judges, justices, or other persons, are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without special pleading.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act to amend and render more effectual an act made in the eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, for encouragement of the arts of designing, engraving, and -etching, historical and other prints \ and for vesting in, and securing to, Jane Hogarth widow, the property in certain prints.

WHEREAS m off of payment passed PrMmS, e>re.

of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, in- cjting

tituled, Ge. a.

412

vcntion,

and a!so such as shall en-

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 38# [1766.

titulcdy An act for the encouragement of the arts of designing, engraving, and etching, historical and other prints, by vetting the properties thereof in the inventors and engravers, during the time therein mentioned, has been found ineffectual for the purpfes thereby intended; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament The original assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and inventors, de- after the hrft day of January, one thousand seven hundred and signers, oren- sixty seven, all and every person and persons who shall invent SViftoficad* or design, engrave, etch, or work in Mezzotinto or Chiaro Of* and other curc^ or, from his own work, defigtl, or invention, shall cause

Joints, and or procure to be designed, engraved, etched, or worked in

uch who shall Mezzotinto or Chiaro Ofcuroy any hittorical print or prints, or Sdone from any Pr*nt or Prmts any portrait, conversation, landscape, or works, &c.ot architedure, map, chart, or plan, or any other print or prims their own in- whatsoever, shall have, and are hereby declared to have, the benefit and protection of the said aa and this act, under the restrictions and limitations herein after-mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That crave &c any ^rom anc* a^ter t*lc^ay January» One thousand fcvett

print taken y hundred and sixty seven, all and every person and person who from any pic- shall engrave, etch, or work in Mezzotinto or Chiaro Ofcuroy of ture, drawing, cause to be engraved, etched, or worked, any print, taken from any feuhnure^ picture, drawing, model, or sculpture, either ancient or modem, are imitled to shall have, and are hereby declared to have, the benefit and pro-the benefit and tedion of the said act, and this act, for the term herein after-protection of mentioned, in like manner, as if such print had been graved or*rawn from original design of such graver, etcher, or draftf-andthofe who roan: and if any person shall engrave, print, and publish, or flnll engrave import for falc, any copy of any such print, contrary to the true or import for intent and meaning of this and the said former act, every such fnchC°mits Person shall be liable to the penalties contained in the said act,re liable to to he recovered as therein and herein after is mentioned, penalties. III. Andu'hercas William Hogarth, late of the city of West-Thc sole right minster, painter and graver, did etch and engrave, and cause to it of printing etched and engraved, fevered prints fresh his own invention and it*

ing the ^ate property and sole right of vending all such prints, being ft*

W. Hogarth's cured to him the said William Hogarth for the term of fourteti prints, years from their first publication, by the fad former act of pariia-

m nt; which said property, by his last will, became vested in his widow and executrix: And whereas since the first publication of ft* veral of the said prints, the term of fourteen years is expired, and several base copies of the same have been face printed and publifbei, whereby the sale of the originals has been considerably lessened, to the great detriment of the said widow and executrix: And whereas fmi the publication of others of the said prints, the term of fourtcenyeart is now mar expiring; be it enacted by the authority afore-.. said, That Jane Hogarth, widow and executrix of the said IViU widow and liam Hogarthy shall have the sole right and liberty of printing

executrix (or and reprinting all the said prints, etchings, and engravings, of

tht

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 38. 413

thedefign and invention of the fai& William Hogarth, for and the term of during the term of twenty years* to commence from the first 20 yWSm day ot January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and that all and every person and persons who shall at any time Penalty of hereafter, before the expiration of the said term of twenty years, copying, &c. engrave, etch, or work in Mezzotinto or Ckiaro Ofcuro, or other- £e?ore the Tx wife copy, fell, or expose to sale, or cause or procure to be etch- pfr^ion of the cd, engraved, or worked in Mezzotinto or Chiaro Ofcuro, any of {kid term § the said works of the said William Hogarth, shall be liable to the penalties and forfeitures contained in this and the said former act of parliament; to be recovered in like manner as in and by this and the said former act are given, directed, and appointed.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That the proprietor or proprie*such tors of such of the copies of the said William Hogarth's works, teremadeand which have been copied and printed, and exposed to sale, after exposed to the expiration of the term of fourteen years from the time of sale after the their first publication by the said William Hogarth, and before the term °£ >4 laid first day of January, shall not be liable or subject to any the said

the penalties contained in this act; anything herein before con- works were tained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. first licensed,

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the penalties and penalty inflilted by the said act, ^sued*bras and extended, and meant to be extended, to the several cases by the recited comprised in this act, shall and may be sued for and recovered alt is direct-in like manner, and under the like restrictions and limitations, j as in and by the said act is declared and appointed; and the plaintiff or common informer, in every such s^ltion (in such plaintiff or common informer shall recover any of the pe-

nalties incurred by this or the said former act) shall recover the same, together with his full costs of suit.

VI. Provided also, That the party prosecuting shall com- provided the

mence his prosecution within the space of six calendar months prosecutionbe after the offence committed. ST

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, months after

That the sole right and liberty of printing and reprinting in- the salt, tended to be secured and protected by the said former act and The right in this act, shall be extended, continued, and be verted in the tendcid to be respective proprietors, for the space of twenty eight years, to rtChe /or- commence from the day of the first publishing of any of the mcr vest-works respectively herein before and in the said former act ed in the pro-mentioned. Pwrictors*

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any altion or suit shall be commenced or brought a- the nrft pub-gainst any person or persons whatsoever, for doing, or causing lication.*to be done, any thing in pursuance of this act, the same shall Limitation of be brought within the space of six calendar months after the anions, salt committed; and the defendant or defendants in any such Ition or suit shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence; and if, upon such altion or suit, a General ilfiie# Mrdilt shall be given for the defendant or defendants, or if the

VoJmXXVII. - Ee plaintiff

414 Anno septimo Georgii III. ft. 3$.' £i76<

plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or actions, then the defendant or defendants Full cofti. shall have and recover full colts; for the recovery whereof h£ shall have the same remedy as any other defendant or defen* dants, in any other case, hath or have by law;

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for the better regulation of the parish poor children, of the several parishes therein mentioned, within the bills of mortality.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it would greatly tend to the prefetvotion of the lives of the infant parish poor of the several parishes kerf after mentioned and be of public utility* if toe officers of such p&-rijhts were compelled by law to fend such infant poor into the country to be nurjed. for a certain time; and proper persons appointed guardians in each parish, to inspect into the management and usage of such infants: And whereas the keeping registers of such infant poor\ until they shall respectively arrive at the age of fourteen years, hi placed cut apprentice* or otherwise disposed of, would be it further means of preserving the lives of such infants: May it therefore pleafi your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and coo-sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every child and children who, on or before the.first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty leven,

hi or received waa or were hornn»or rcce'vec^ any workhouse or parish-int i, any house; or which shall thereafter be born in any workhouse cr woi khouse or parish-house, or received by any select vestries, governors, di-panih house, rectors, or managers, appointed for the management of patty veraln ariflles c*a^ a^a*rs' or by any church-wardens, overseerfc of the poor, here mention- or other officer or officers authorized by the several parisha cd, following, or any of them, respectively; that is to say. The

seventeen parishes without the walls of London; the twenty three parishes in Middlesex and Surrey* being within the bills of mor-ere to be tims- the liberty of the tower of London, and the ten pi-

ed, and taken rilhes within the city and liberty of Westminster 5 shall be mined care of, as and taken care of in manner as hereafter mentioned, follows) viz. IJ. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Such of them all such children, under the age of six years, who, upon the 6* ears of ae^aY ^all he un^er l^e care of veftfies, gOVdV

directors, or managers, of the poor, or parish officers, shall, within fourteen days after the said time, be sent into the country, to a difiance not less than three miles from any part of the cities of London and Westminster; there to be nursed and maintained at the charge of their respective parishes.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ftickled'by the children who shall, from and after the said first day of July* inother, not he horn in, or shall be received into, workhouses or parab* less than 5 houses belonging to the said parishes, not being suckled by tkt Jhiktott'i

the country, not less than 3 miles off,

those under

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 39. 41

mother, under the age of two years, shall, within fourteen days

after their birth or reception, be sent into the country, to a di-

hance not less than five miles from any part of the said cities

: of London or Pfaftminfcr; and all children received into such and those

workhouses or parish-houses above riie age of two years, and above and

under the age of six years, shall, within fourteen days after their "j?

eception, be sent into the country, to a distance not less than fcfta§iiin j: hree miles from any part of the said cities of London or West* miles off. ninjier; there to be nursed and maintained in manner herein af-: er directed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Weekly rates

ror the nursing and maintenance of each child so put out as^drStiHin^ aforesaid, the respective sums following shall be paid; that is to and maintain, ay. For the firit six years of their age, a sum not less than two ing, til! ap-hillings and six pence 5 and from that time until such child prentic'd, oc shall be put out apprentice, or return to the workhouse, a sum ta

lot less than two shillings per week j and shall also, over and house/ ibove the said charge of nursing and maintaining each child. Conditional >ay to every nurse who shall have received any child of or un- reward to ler the age of nine months (the said child being alive, and hav- n}*rfes for tig been treated properly, and to the satisfaction of the guar- €Ur car€t hans hereafter mentioned, or the major part of thetp9 aflem-

rfed at any meeting appointed by this act) after having been jnder her care twelve months, a sum not lets than ten shillings, is a reward for her pains and care taken in the nursing of such: hild: And the governors, directors, managers, or overseers of Cloatlungto'he poor, of the respective parifltes from whence such children be furnished* hall be so sent to nurse, shall find good, proper, and sufficient ^dental ex-doathing for each and every of them respectively; and shall pencesdefray-kfray the expences of conveyance, medicines, burials, and all ed, by the pa. >ther necessary expences incurred on account of the said chil-rift»

!ren; and shall keep, in a book or books to be provided for accounw^oT hat purpose, separate, regular, and exa<ft accounts of all ex- be kept there^ pences incurred in relation thereto. of.

V. And, in order the more effectually to guard against all dangi-ous consequences which may arise to the said children from false par-imony, negligence, inadvertency, or the annual change of parish offers, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That five Five guard!, loblemen or gentlemen, inhabitants of each parish, shall, with- an* of the na-o fourteen days after the said first day of July, be appointed^P001^ ind chosen, under the title or denomination of Guardians of the

'wrish poor children; two or more of which said guardians shallC le chosen out of the select vestry, or out of the governors, di-ediors, or managers of the poor of each parish; and where there no feledf vestry, governors, directors, or managers5 then the aid five guardians to be chosen and appointed out of the noble-sen and gentlemen inhabitants of each parish; and theeletfion, o be made upon Tuesday, or some other day in Easter week, by be inhabitants having right to assemble in vestry: And in cale here shall be no noblemen or gentlemen, or not be a sufficient lumber of such noblemen or gentlemen who will accept of the jffice of guardians; then the said guardians* or.so many as shall

4i 6 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 39.

[1766-?

be wanting to make up the number of five, shall be chosen out Where any of the principal and most respetfable inhabitants: and if any of att.oHlnHrc- Parl*es f° chosen shall refuse to act, or shall afterwards resign sign, or die, a their guardianship, or shall die; that then, and in either of the farther choice said cases, a further choice shall be made in the same manner as to be made, before mentioned, within fourteen days after such refusal, resignation, or death, of so many as shall be necessary to complete the number.

First guardi-

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nuVh^uflice n°bl«nen, gentlemen, or principal inhabitants, who shall,

till the yearn conference of this act, be first chosen and appointed guar-1770} diansof the parish poor children, shall continue and remain in

their respective offices till the day in Eajhr week, in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy, of the inhabitants future guar- meeting for the choice of guardians as aforesaid; and that the dians to re- guardians then chosen, or at any time thereafter to be chosen, in^dice^" remamn their respective offices for the term of three years CC* then next ensuing: and that all appointments of guardians in future, shall be once in three years only; except in cases of death, resignation, or refusal as aforesaid.

l^and^rer"

VII. Provided always, That no churchwarden, or overseer seers (liiqua- of the poor, shall be ele&ed into the said office of a guardian, lifted from be-

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ing elected That the said guardians, or any one of them, shall have free fbwer^nd admittance to visit and fee the said parish poor children, and in-dbty of guar- form themselves fully concerning their state and condition, and dians. the said guardians shall also have full liberty to examine, and have

free access to, all rtgifters, books, and accounts, relating to the said children: and in case of any neglect or improper conduct, whereby the life or health of a child may appear to the said guardhns, or to any one of them, to be in danger, to report the same to the select vestry, governors, directors, or managers, Svih com- or to the churchwardens or overseers of the poor: and if the

fttrts ssaid vest.ry'

governors, directors, or managers, churchwardens, be remedied. or overseers, or some or one of them, do not take the most efficacious measures to remedy the evil complained of; that thea it shall be lawful to and for the said guardians, or any one of them, to inform one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, and give evidence of the facts; and the said justice or justices of the peace is and are hereby impowered to give such orders and directions therein, as he or they shall think most proper.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said guardians shall be summoned, by the vestry clerk, at lead once in six weeks, to meet at the vestry-room, or, where there is no vestry-room, in other convenient place; and two of the said guardians shall make a quorum, either of them having the liberty of calling in one of the churchwardens or overseers; and when only one of the said guardians is present, he shall have the liberty of calling in two of the churchwardens or overseers, who shall attend him accordingly; and when any number of the said five guardians shall meet) they dull have the liberty of calling in two of

A meeting of the guardians to be linii-moned every 6 weeks: Two make a quorum, rower given them singly, or jointly, to call in the churchwarden* or ©verier*

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 39. 41

the churchwardens or overseers, as the majority of them shall think proper.

X. And whereas in many parishes the said felett vestries, govern non, directors, or managers, churchwardens, or overseers of the poor, may find it inconvenient and difficult, through want of regular correspondence with proper persons in the country, to supply them with nurses, and also to tale the charge of itifpefting nurseries in such a manner as shall prove effectual to the preservation of the lives of the said children; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said select vestries, governors, directors, or managers, Liberty grant-churchwardens, or overseers of the poor, shall be at liberty to ed, of fending fend their said parish poor children, or any of them, being un- Poor der the age of six years as aforesaid, to the hospital for the main- 5cr c^earsof tenance and education of exposed and deserted young children; age, to the and it shall and may be lawful to and for the governors and Foundling guardians of the said hospital, for the time being, to receive Hospital, such children; and the said select vestries, governors, directors, upon fucj, managers, churchwardens, or overseers of the poor, are hereby terms as shall empowered to agree with the said governors and guardians for be agreed on* that purpose, upon such terms, and in such manner, as shall be adequate to the support and maintenance of each child.

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the The char e terms so agreed upon, and the sums agreed to be paid for the tobedarfyed admission, maintenance, and education, of such parish poor chil- out of the idren as shall be sent to the said hospital, shall be paid by the P°or rates j overseer or overseers of the poor for the time being, out of the poors rate of each parish respectively: and in case any sum or aBd if notdtu sums of money agreed between the said feled vestries, gover- ly paid, jiors, directors, or managers, churchwardens, or overseers, and the governors and guardians of the said hospital, or any five of them in committee, shall not be paid, by such overseer or overseers, to the person or persons who shall be authorized by the said governors and guardians to receive the same; it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majesty's juf- any justice tices of the peace for the counties of Midd'efix or Surrey, the city, nay fuminoit and liberty of Westminster, or liberties of the Tower Hamlets, re- the overlcer3» spectively, to summon the overseer or overseers who shall refuse or neglect to make such payment, and to order immediate pay- and order im-ment to be made of so much as shall appear to such justice or mediate pay-justices to be due, together with such cofU and charges as may lhp

have been incurred by the said governors and guardians in con- CurredV sequence of such refusal or neglect: and if the overseer or overseers shall refuse or neglect to obey the order of such justice or f3i Vna justices, the sum directed to be paid thereby shall be recovered the same by by distress and sale of the goods and chattles of such overseer diltreis and or overseers, together with the costs attending such distress and faltf* sale* rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The death, That at the time of the death, discharge, or apprenticeship, of any dhcharge, oc such parish poor child, a certificate thereof shall be ftnt, by the ^[ip^of any -^sqretary of the said governors and guardians, to the vestry clerk, child, to be

Eeg" or certified to xk

i

4»*

vestry clerk of the parish.

Hospital account to he kept with each parishdiltintt.

Parish children, and foundlings, to be apprentic'd for not more than 7 years, or till si ytais of age.

Apprentice

fee not to be lei's than 4l. s s. and to be paid at two payments.

Act £ Geo. 3.

Particular registers to he provided by each parish, according as they c.>me within tiic following description.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 39.' ^176$.

er overseers of the poor, of such parish to which the said child

did belong.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the hospital account shall be kept with each parish di It in ft, in a proper book or books, with marginal columns, according to the schedule annexed, marked (A); and that such book or books, or true copies thereof, shall be signed by the Secretary of the hospital.

XIV. And whereas it often disturbs the peace of domcjlic H/ef checks marriage^ and dise our ages tnduflry, to place out parish boys to the age of twenty four years; therefore, in order to remedy the same, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to place or bind out boys as well as girls apprentices, by the respective parish officers for the time being, and also by the governors and guardians of the ho 'pkal for the maintenance and education of exposed and deferfed young children, for the term of seven years, or til! they shall attain their respective ages of twenty one years, and no longer.

XV. And whereas the fvms of twenty shillings to forty shillings yoiv uj tidily given with a c/tt.'d pi iced out by t'e pari/hare by no means adequate to the procuring such masters ani nr. hn/fis as are in general fit and proper: c.ii whereas theft is a general negucs in tin moral and religious inflruttion of apprentices; and fme ptcuni.ry encouragement may excite majhrs and mi/lnjlcs to discharge their July, in this respect, tezyard; young pet fens who are thus intruded in liar care; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said iiril day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, no such parish child shall be bound out an apprentice with a sum iefs than four pounds two shillings as an apprentice fee; forty shillings whereof to be pa!d to the master or mistress within seven weeks after executing the indentures, and the remaining forty two shillings to be paid after fqch apprentice shall have ierved three years of his or her apprenticeship.

XVI. And whereas the ett of the ficond of his present A/defrf intituled An act for the keeping regular, uniform, and an- nual registers, of all parish poor infants under a certain age within thebiiiS of mortality' requires no account of the children after the age of four years; be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the respective vestries, governors, directors, managers, overseers of the poor, or other officer or officers, of the several and respective parishes herein before mentioned, or some or one of them, shall, and they are hereby directed and required, on or before the said first day of July, to

provide, or cause to be provided, at the expence of their re-fpc<cti\ e parishes wherein there is or shall be a work-house, hospital, or other home or place provided for the maintenance of the poor, a book of royal paper, which shall be ruled with di- flinft columns, and the title of each column shall be wrote or printed in Inch page agreeable to the schedule hereunto annex* cd, marked (B) s and the book belonging to each irfpcfttre

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 39; 419

pasith, wherein there is not nor shall be any such workhouse, hospitd-house, or place, shall in every page be ruled with distinct: columns, and the title of each coluipn shall be wrote or printed in such page agreeable to the schedule hereunto annexed, mark* fd (C); any thing in the said act of the second year of his present Majesty's reign, or any other or acts of parliament, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Entry to be That there shall be mentioned, at the spot of each register, the made at the gross number of the children, remaining in the hands of mo- eac^ fhers who have been relieved by the respective parirties during rt?gl er* the course of the year, not entered in the register; and the

the number of such who are known to be remaining alive.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the abstract of the register of the said infant poor shall be*according to the schedule hereunto annexed, marked (D). intant poor.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Manner of That the names of all the parish poor children who shall be conduaing alive, under the care of any governors, directors, managers,he, r re6'-churchwardens, or overseers of the poor, on the first day of tters*

uly next ensuing, shall be entered in the said registers, and mail

be continued on, and transferred from year to year, in the said register, 'till their death, or discharge to parents or friends, or -'till they arc respectively placed out apprentice; and that the day of placing them out, and the time of their servitude, shall be entered in the said registers as above mentioned.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Annua! lift That a full lift of all apprentices placed out by the respective parishes shall be made out by the vestry clerks, or other proper paris^of the officer, and delivered, in the month of February in every year, children ap-to the company of parish clerks; the same to he written on prented.and royal paper according to the schedule annexed, marked (E) to

be bound up and deposited by the company of parish clerks; and the said company shall make out an abstract thereof, distin- clerks, guiftiing the number placed out from each parish, and how Abstract many of them were born in the work-house or parish-house; \^nteJ and shall cause the same to be printed; and shall fend fix fair cleliuered to copies of the said abstra&to each parish respc£iively. each paiifli.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Registers and That the first annual register of the said Infant poor, and also lifts to com-the first annual lifts of apprentices, hereby intended and di- mcncc and re&ed tq be kept, shall commence on the said first day of July,^a certadn^ and shall eqd on the thirty first day of December ensuing; and,

after that time, the said annual register and lifts shall commence the first day of January, and end the thirty first day of December following.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. General ex-That all expences incident to and attending the nurung, maiiir pc.nces tenance, education, placing out apprentice, or otherwise relating ?j^tcVVor

to the matters herein contained, the manner whereof is not be paiuoir cf herein particularly ordered and directed, shall be paid out of ti»e'pooia

E e 4 tb?rates*

42p Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 39.' [1766.

Penalty on pari (h officers, and-bt hers, negkcting their duty.

[Publick act.]

the monies arising from the poors rates of the itfpe6Hve parishes

wherein such expences shall be incurred.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any churchwarden, overseer of the poor, vestryman, clerk of the vestry, master of the work-house, master or warden of such company of parish clerks, or any clerk of such company, or any other person or persons, shall neglect his duty as directed in and by this act; such churchwarden, overseer of the poor, clerk of the vestry, or master of the work-house, master or warden of such company of parish clerks, or such clerk of such company, person or persons, shall, for every offence, forfeit and pay to the informer the sum of five pounds; to be recovered before any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, and to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattles of the offender, by virtue of a warrant under the hands and seals of the justices before whom the same shall be recovered, directed to any constable or other peace officer; and it there shall be any overplus of the said forfeiture, the same shall be returned to the owner, after the charges of such distress and sale shall be deducted.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a public act; and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

SCHEDULE A*

1

c r u R n u L E A.

Exposed and Deserted young Children, with the Pa-: of the Seventh of His Majesty King George the Third)

Z Schedule b.

e Parish t'ooR Children, until thiy are Apprenticed dut of from the

to the 31st Day of December of the Parish of, 1 (where there is

aoufe) according to the Acts of Parliament of the Second and seventh of His Majesty King

u i

Ju1

i # I

HsirrOl

4*0

Register of the Apprentices placed oat by the Parish of from the <$F

to the 31ft. Day of December according to the Acts of Parliament of the Second

and Seventh of His Majesty King George the Third,

Name of the Apprentice. When born or received, If born in the Workhouse or Parish-house, B. Age when received, in the Years Months, and Days. c Whenpla -ed out Apprentice. Name of the Personto whom placed out. What Trade or BuAness. Where living, Street, Sign, or other DiflinOion. Age when placed out, in Years, and Months. For what Time placed out. Apprentice Fee paid down* When the additional. Fee is paid down.

Y M. D. Y. M.

Z I JK 1-S,

[Preamble.]

five or more trailers for tlirnpike

weighing cn-

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 4a.' [1765.

CAP. XL.

An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads of this kingdom; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS the laws for the general regulation of the turnpike reads of this kingdom ore very numerous, and in some respetis ineffectual: and whereas the good purposes thereby intended might be better effected, if the said laws were iniirely repealed, and one law made for tarrying such purposes into execution: wherefore, for remedy thereof be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all of and trustees appointed, ' or who shall hereafter be appointed, by any act or acts of Venenia* eet Par^ament for repair of any turnpike road within that part Fngrimpower- of Great Britain called EnglandL or any five or more of them, ed6to erect at a general meeting, if they shall think proper, at any or as many gate or gates, bar or bars, as they have erected or shall ere# for the receiving of any toll or tolls, or upon any y,: of the road within their respective jurisdictionss and at such a distance from any turnpike-bar or toll-gate as they respectively shall think reauifite and expedient, to order and cause to be built or eredeaany crane, machine, or engine, which they shall judge proper for the weighing of carts, waggons, or other carriages, for the conveying of any goods or merchandize whatever; and by writing signed by them, or any five or more of them, to order all and every or any such carriage or carriages, weighing car- which shall pass through any such gate or bar, to be weighed, anf uking*together with the loading thereof; and for them, or any five aos.addidonal or more of them, or for any person or persons impowered by tolls for all any five or more of them, to receive and take, over and above " hT^Wi/°a?*IC to^ already granted or hereafter to be granted, the sum of w ce.ei car- twenty Quillings for every hundred weight, which every waggon or four wheeled carriage (not having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of the breadth of nine inches) together with the loading thereof, shall weigh over and above the weight of Sixty hundred; and the like sum of twenty shillings for every hundred weight which every waggon or four wheeled carriage, having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of the breadth or gage of nine inches together with the loading riages weigh- thereof, shall weigh over and above the weight of fix tons; and tons*- °'C sum of twenty shillings for every hundred weight which

and for all every cart or two wheeled carriage, having the foie or bottom carts, or two of tnc fellies of the wheels of the breadth or gage of nine wheeled car- inches, together with the loading thereof, shall weigh over and broad*wheels above the weight of three tops; which said additional toll or weighing a-duty, hereby granted and made payable, shall and may be Je-bove 3 tons 3 vied and recovered upon any person liable thereto in any of the

case*

end tQ make order for

pages weigh ing above Coe, weight

and for all

broad four wheeled car-

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40; 425

cases aforesaid, or his or her goods or chattles, who shall, after to be levied a* (demand made thereof* refuse or neglect to pay the same, in the other toll*, such manner as any other toll or duty, payable at the same turnpike-gate or bar, is or shall be by law to be levied and recovered 5 and the money anting from such additional duty, and tppBpdin shall be applied to the repair of the turnpike road where the rcP*ir same shall be collected. " road"

II. Provided always, That the regulations herein before The above IB-mentioned shall not extend, or be deemed or construed to ex- gulationt no* tend, to any waggons or wains having the axletrees thereof of to extend such different lengths, that the distance from wheel to wheel of comfng with the narrower pair of the said wheels be not more than four feet jnthe deferip-two inches, to be measured at the ground; and that the dif- tionberemeii-lance from wheel to wheel of the other pair thereof be such, tioned* that the fore and hind wheels of such waggons and wains shall

roll only one Angle surface or path of sixteen inches wide at the lead, on each side of the said waggons or wains, and having the fellies thereof of the breadth of nine inches from side to side at the bottom or foie thereof; but that the same shall pass upon Paitfcql^rfuv' any turnpike road, and through any toll gate or bar within vileges graqt-bne hundred miles from London, upon paying only so much of to ^ucil the tolls and duties as shall not exceed one half of the full toll wa*gon*? or duty payable, or by this act intended to be paid, for all waggons or wains having the fellies of the wheels of the breadth or gage of nine inches from side to side, or for the horses or beasts of draught drawing the same, and not rolling a surface of sixteen inches, in the manner herein before set forth.

III. Provided also, That the regulations herein before men- The Add re-

tioned concerning the wheels of carriages, and their loacting, filiation* not shall not extend or be deemed or construed to extend to any carrUC!w uncarts, waggons, or other carriages, employed only in husban- pioyafonly ih clry, or carrying only manure for land, hay, draw, fodder, or husbandry, 'Corn unthreshed. &c.

IV. And for the better discovmng and deleting the offenders a- Trustees im. gainjl this act, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and powered to ot-tnay be lawful to and for all the trustees appointed or to be ap- derthe fellies pointed by any act or a<ds of parliament, made or to be made

for the repairing or amending any turnpike road within the begged, kingdom, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, by writing under their hands, to order the fellies of ail waggons, wains, carts, or other carriages, which are or ought to be of the breadth or gage herein before directed and prescribed, to be measured and gaged at any weighing engine, or at any turnpike or toll-gate, ereSed or to be erefied upon any part of the turnpike road in or upon which such waggon, wain, cart, or carriage respectively, (h^ll travel, pass, or be drawn.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Nocompofi-trustees of any turnpike road to make composition for tolls for tien for toll* or in respect of any waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, or horses to be made ii^'or beasts of draught drawing the same, unless such waggons, rerpeftof nar.

wains, CMri^.

+24 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40.- [1766.

wains, carts, and carriages, have the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of nine inches; any law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. s1. penalty on

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per font /fraudulently shall unload, or cause to be unloaden, any goods, wares, or Uuods before merchandizes, from any cart, waggon, or other carriage (except comingtoany carriages as are herein before excepted) at or before the gate or same shall come to any turnpike gate or weighing engine erect-weighingen- ed, or to be erected, by virtue or in pursuance of this or any other act made, or to be made, for the repair or preservation of goodsTuer" any turnpike road within this kingdom; or shall load or lay having passed upon such carriage (except as aforesaid) after the lame shall have jOieiame j parted any such turnpike gate or weighing engine, any goods, wares, or merchandizes, taken or unloaden from any hone, cart, or other carriage, belonging to, or hired or borrowed by, the same waggoner or carrier, in order to avoid the payment of the said respective duties of twenty shillings per hundred; each and every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted before the trustees of such tolls or duties, or any three or more of them, or one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, or place, where the offence shall be committed, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be levied upon the goods and chattles of the owners of such cart, and the driver waggon, or other carriage; and each and every driver of such to be commit- waggon or carriage so offending, and being thereof convicted as niont°i*0nC aforesaid, shall be committed to the house of correction for the Colleton space of one month: and in case any collector or receiver of the

neglecting toils or duties at any gate or turnpike where, or near to which,

their duty are any crane, machine, or engine, for weighing of carriages Ihcil i..li^kuj]t an(j ercc^ec|9 shall permit or suffer any cart, waggon, or

carriage, as aforesaid, being laden, to pais or repass through any such gate or turnpike without weighing the same, and being thereof convicted in manner aforesaid; such collector or receiver, so offending, shall be immediately liilcharged, and rendered incapable of holding any office under the said trustees, or or forfeit 5l. shall forfeit the sum of rive pounds, at the option of such trustees.

R*-u!aiinns

VII. And be it further enacted, That no waggon, wain, or to be i/i.krvtd cart, shall pals along any turnpike road, being above twenty in t!i? con- miles from the cities of London or Itv//: ;: having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the br eadth or gage of nine inches at the bottom, unkfs the same shall be made and constructed in such manner, that no pair of such wheels (except such as shall roll a fur face of sixteen inches) shall b.* w ider than four fee: is inches from inlido to infuie, to be nicafurej on the ground; and that the uiitence from the centre of the fore wheel to the centre of the hind wheel of any such waggon, or four wheel carriage (not being uled for the carriage of timber only) be not above nine feet, to be measured from the centre of the axle-trees the epeb thereof; on pam of the owner or owners of every

fuel*

liable to be discharged,

Hi u. ii«>n f»r the wheels of waggons, See. h avei'ing on turnpike roads above0 miles from London,

1^66.1 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40." 4 %

such waggon, wain, or cart, forfeiting the sum of five pounds on forfeiture for every such offence: and the surveyor or surveyors, gate- keeper or gate-keepers, of any turnpike road, is and are hereby officer* reauthorized and required, at any turnpike or toll gate, or at any quired to other place upon the turnpike road, to measure every such wag- measure such gon, wain, or cart; and if any matter or driver of any waggon, wain, or cart, shall hinder, or refuse to permit, such surveyor or ^h^salty on surveyors, gate-keeper or gate-keepers, to measure such waggon, obstracting wain, or cart, as aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit the sum of five them, &c. pounds; and it shall not be lawful for any such waggon, wain, or cart, not permitted to be measured as aforesaid, to pass along any turnpike road.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no waggon, wain, or No broad other four wheeled carriage, having the foie or bottom of the wheeled feliies of the wheels of the breadth or gage of nine inches, shall ^rawnVhb pass.or be drawn on any turnpike road with more than eight more than ft horses j nor any cart, or other two wheeled carriage, having horses; wheels of the breadth aforesaid, shall pass or be drawn upon any norw° turnpike road with more than five horses 5 the horses in such respective carriages to be drawn in pairs, except where there is an J^than 5 j odd horie, and except where the number of horses shall not ex- and in pain, ceed four: and also, that no waggon, wain, or other four Narrow fout wheeled carriage, having the fellies of the wheels of less breadth wheeled car-than nine inches, shall pass or be drawn on any turnpike road not0^ with more than four horses; or fix oxen or neat cattle in pairs, m0rethan" and two horses; or eight oxen or neat cattle in pairs, and one four horses, horse: and that no cart or other two wheeled carriage, having &c. the fellies of the wheels of less breadth than nine inches, shall "heeled car pass or be drawn on any turnpike road with more than three riages^wST* horses; or fix oxen or neat cattle in pairs, and one horse; or more than 31 four oxen or neat cattle in pairs, and two horses; on pain of the on forfeiture owner of such waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, forfeiting the sum of twenty shillings, and also every horse or other bead of draught meraryhorfes^ above the numbers herein before respectively prescribed and limited, to any person or persons who shall seize or sue for the same; except as herein after mentioned.

JX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons 5l. penalty on shall take off*, or cause to be taken off, any horse or horses, or fraudulently other bead of draught, from any waggon or other carriage, or shall alter, or cause the distance of the wheels thereof to be altered, tcring the di£ at or before the same shall come to any of the said gates or turn- tance of the pikes, with intent to avoid any toll, forfeiture, or penalty, for wheels, be-drawing with a greater number of horses or beasts of draught, ^rCCate"^0 or in any other manner than hereby allowed; each and every an^ a c* person so offending, and being convicted thereof before the said trustees, or any three or more of them, or one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, or place, where the offence shall be committed, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

4-2 S

Driver travelling with more horses the lame clay than he shall have passed through any ate withy

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40. [1766.

X. And be it further enacted and declared, That every person who shall drive any waggon or other carriage upon any turnpike road, with more horses or hearts of draught than such waggon or other carriage shall, on the same day, have parted with through any turnpike bar or gate, shall be deemed and adjudged to have taken oft' the said horses or bcalls of draught with intent

SeemTdguilty to 'oi'- »'a) !»JT 'ord n J^.

of a fraud.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it (nail

appi ar to the trustees of any turnpike road within this kingdom,

Where it shall or any nine of them, at any of their public meetings, that it is

be judged ne- inji-iadticabie for any waggon or other four wheeled carriage,

trustees may l*ic weights to the same respectively allowed as aforesaid,

to be drawn up any hill or hills, l)ing in or upon f: ch turnpike

allow wag-

fons with road wheels to be drawn Up hills by xo horses; and narrow wheeled carriages by 6

road, by the number of hor^'r

1.

iere'n nj'

respectively a owed,

without manifest inc: -.u emence and hazard >: r\ stich case it shall and may be law: o and for the said trustees, or any nine of them, to a!c..; uch number of horses as they shall judge necessary, not s.\ceeding ten for such nine inch wheels, and not exce- Jux for such w heels of less breadth than nine inches, to be uh.in such waggon or four wheeled carriage for the purpose oiiiy of drawing the same up such hill or hills as aforesaid; the the length length and extent of such hill or hills to be specified in such a"d e.xrento* order of allowance, and the termination at each end thereof to tefpecitied in^niar*cc^ by a port or ltone to be erected at such respective the order of boundaries; and the said order of allowance shall be certified, allowance, by the said trustees or their clerk, to the next general quarter and certified fcrtions of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, corpo-c^arteMef- ration> precinct, or liberty, within which such hill or hills shall lions. 1 " respective ly be situated; and if the facts, upon which the same

Order, if by is founded, shall, at the said quarter sessions, be proved upon the them approv- oath of two credible witnesses, to the satistation of the justices confirmed0 °C on bench, or the major part of them, the said order of allow-and filed/ ance shall he confirmed, and filed among the records of the leffions by the clerk of the peace, or otherwise shall be vacated and otherwiseto quashed; and from and after such confirmation and filing, no be vacated, person shall be liable to any penalty or forfeiture for uling such number of horses, as shall be lo allowed, in drawing any waggon or other four wheeled carriage up such hill or hills respectively.

Particular ex-

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if it shall emption with appear upon the oaths of credible witnesses, to the satisfaction of respect to car- any justice or justices of the peace, of or trustees, or riaeesdrawing Of any court ot justice authorized to enforce the execution of this traordlnaiyhat any waggon, carr, or carriage, could not, by reason of

number ot deep snow or ice, be drawn with the respective weights, and by horses thro' the number of horses or hearts cf draught, hereby respectively al-deep snow, or jowed; then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices of peace, of, trustees, or court respectively, and they are hereby respectively required, to flop all proceedings before them respectively for the recovery of any penalty or forfeiture which may have been incurred by drawing

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40. 427

a greater number of horses or beasts of draught than are hereby allowed j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And whereas great damage is done t§ turnpike roads by Narrow waggons and four wheeled carriages, with narrow wheels, drawn by wheeled wasp-horses in pairs; for remedy thereof, be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any waggon or four wheeled carriage, having horses in the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels thereof of left pairs, breadth or gage than nine inches, to pass upon any turnpike toad, or through any turnpike gate or bar, if the same be drawn by horses in pairs (other than and except waggons and four wheeled carriages loaden with fish, rabbits, poultry, calves alive or slaughtered, or lambs only.)

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No waggo^ Waggon, cart, or other carriage, travelling upon any of the said to be turnpike roads, shall be driven or turned out of the same into t^ed out of any of the roads adjacent, not being turnpike roads, in order to arurnpike avoid, and thereby avoiding, paying the tolls and duties by this road, to avoid or any other act or acts made, or to be made, payable at any gate the tolls,

or turnpike erected, or to be erected, for the collecting and receiving the same; upon pain of forfeiting and losing any one on forfeiture of the horses drawing the same, not being the thill or shaft

horse, with all his gears and accoutrements, to the sole use and horftl# benefit of any person or persons who shall seize and distrain the same.

XV\ And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Collector, &c. That if any toll-gatherer or gate-keej>er shall permit or suffer being privy to any waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, to be drawn or pals any the upon any turnpike road within the view, or with the know- J^ces and ledge, of such gate-keeper or toll-gatherer, or to pass through not duly pro* any toll gate or bar, with any greater number of horses, oxen, fecuting for or neat cattle, or with any carriage constructed or drawn in any penalty# other manner than is before directed, and shall not, within the space of one week, proceed for the recovery of the forfeiture or fbrfeits'40* penalty hereby inflicted for every such offence, in the manner directed or authorized by this act; he shall forfeit and pay, for every such neglect, the sum of forty shillings.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or Driver of any persons shall, upon any turnpike road, drive, or ad as the driver waggon with or drivers of, any waggon, cart, wain, or carriage, having wheels wheels not of a construction not authorized by this act, or drawn by more than the number of horses, oxen, or neat cattle, hereby respect drawn by* tively appointed j that then, and in every such case, it shall and more horses may be lawful to and for any constable, tythingman, surveyor, than autho-or any other person, to apprehend and take, or cause to be ap- nzcd* prehended and taken, such person or persons so driving, or ad- JJ^ded by^ ing as driver or drivers, as aforesaid, before one or more justice any person, or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, or place, and taken bc-where the said offence shall be committed j and upon conviction a iulUecg thereof, either by confession of the party, or by the oath of onc4lftirafodilti more credible witness or witnesses, before such justice orjuf- sj.

428

Drag irons to be nat at the foie, and of the breadth of the fellies,

on forfeiture of 40 s.

Owner's real name and place of a-oode to be painted on the moftconfpicu-ous part of each waggon and cart i

sdfo the words Common Stage Waggon or Cart, as the case may be s

Travelling with a fictitious name thereon, forfeits 5l.

and without the words required, 40 s.

On such roads where extraordinary tolls have been granted, designedly to

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40. [1766.

ticcs of the peace, every such person or persons so offending shall respectively forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any drag iron, or other instrument, shall be affixed under the foie of the wheel or wheels of any waggon or other carriage, to make the passage of such waggon or carriage more cafy and secure down steep hills; every such drag iron, or other instrument, shall be fiat at the bottom or foie thereof, and shall not be of less breadth than the fellies of the wheels under which the same shall be so affixed, on pain of the owner of every such wag-eon or other carriage forfeiting the sum of forty shillings for every such offence.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every owner or owners of any waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, shall paint, or caul'c to be painted, in large and legible characters, upon the tilts of every such waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, which has a tilt, and upon the most conspicuous part of such waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, which has not a tilt, before he, she, or they, shall use or drive the same upon any turnpike road, his, her, or their christian and surname or names, and the place of his, her, or their abode; and every owner or owners of every common stage waggon or cart shall, over and above his, her, or their christian and surname or names, paint, or cause to be painted, on the part, and in manner, as aforesaid, the following words, C OM-MON STAGE WAGGON, or CART, as the case may be: and if any owner or owners of any such waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, shall travel with, or ufc, by him felt, hcrself, or theirselyes, servant or servants, any such waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, without having his, her, " or their christian name, and surname or names, and place of abode, so painted thereon; or if any person or persons shall paint, or cause to be painted, any false or fictitious name on such waggon, wain, cart, or carriage; he, she, or they, shall forfeit the lum of five pounds: ancf if any owner or owners of any common llage waggon or cart shall travel with, or use, the same, by himself, hcrfcFf, or theirselyes, servant or servants, without having the words hereby required to be painted thereon respectively; he, she, or they, shall forfeit the sum of forty shillings.

XIX. And whereas in and ly fevered acts of parliament^ modi and peffid for amending and repairing particular turnpike roads within this kingdom, Jiveral high and extraordinary tolls are granted and directed to be levied and paid for waggons, carts, and other car riages, drawn by mere than a certain nun.her of horses or beasts $ d'aught therein respectively mentioned, with an intent in effefl to pro* bibit the passage of such carriages, and thereby the better to preservt the fall roads; now it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the trustees appointed, or to be appointed, in or by virtue of any act of parliament made, or 10 be made, for repairing and amending such particular roads as aforesaid, or any five or more of such trustees respectiydy, witbia

their

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40. 429

their respective districts, and they are hereby authorized and re- prohibit wag-quired, at the first meeting after the commencement of this act, Sons* &c* bc* to mitigate, lessen, and reduce, the said high-and extraordinary tolls and duties, for and in respect of such waggons or other more than a wheel carriages only having wheels of the breadth or gage of certain num-nine inches as aforesaid, in such manner as no greater toll or ter of horses, duty, in respect to waggons, be demanded or taken for the same^than is provided and directed, by the said acts respectively, to to reduce such be paid and taken for waggons and other four wheel carriages tolls, in redrawn by four horses or beasts of draught; and that no greater fp«d of broad toll or duty be demanded or taken for carts, having the fellies of their wheels of the breadth or gage of nine inches, than is provided and directed, by the said acts respectively, to be taken for carts drawn by three horses; and the said trustees within their respective districts, or any five or more of them respectively, are hereby authorized and required to give directions in writing to the several collectors within such their respective districts, to take and receive such tolls and duties, and no other; any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding,

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. And the toI!« That the trustees appointed or to be appointed, by virtue or un- aretoberaised der the authority of any act of parliament made, or to be ma^e,

for making, repairing, or amending turnpike roads, or such per- more, on Ton or persons as are or shall be authorized by them, shall and all narrow may, and are hereby required to demand and take for every wheelect, wags* waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, having the fellies of the wheels gonl»* thereof of less breadth or gage than nine inches from side to side at the lead, at the bottom or foie thereof, and for the horses or beasts of draught drawing the same, one half more than the tolls or duties which are or shall be payable for the same respectively by any act or acts of parliament, made or to be made, for making, amending, or repairing turnpike roads, before any such waggon, warn, cart, or carriage respectively, shall be permitted'to pass through any turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, where tolls shall be payable by virtue of any such acts.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and except ooi

1 may be lawful to and for any cart or carriage drawn by two fart* with 6

Ijorfcs or four oxen, and no more, having the fellies of the f

wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of six inches at the bot- ahwifct/drc^ tom from side to side, to pass upon any turnpike road, and

1 through any turnpike gate or bar, paying the tolls or duties ret quired to be paid by any of the said acts respectively. f,

XXII. And whereas there are, or hereafter may be, in several [ (8s of parliament for making, amending, and repairing turnpike toads, exemptions allowed from payment of tolls in particular cases therein respectively mentioned; and liberties are or may be allowed % f ia particular cases, to pay less tolls than are charged upon other wag-\ mums, wains, carts, and carriages, passing through turnpike gates or mars: and whereas it will tend to the advantage and preservation of Urnpike roads, to confine such exemptions, liberties, privileges, and advantages, to carriages with wheels of tb< breadth or gage nine

L;, V91.. XXVII. F f

430 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40. f 1766.

inches as aforesaid, except as herein after excepted: be it therefore Exemptions enacted, That no person shall, by virtue or the said acts of par-and privileges liament, have, claim, or take, the benefit or advantage of any granted in exemption from toll, or part of tolls, or to pay lcfs toll, for or caifes^ith re-n rc^Pc<^ any waggonJ wain, cart, or other carriage, or horse spe& to tolls, drawing the same, and carrying any particular kind of goods, restrained for than other carriages of the like nature carrying other goods the future to ought to pay; unless such waggon, wain, cart, or other cared°carriae r*a£c> have t*ie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels thereof carts, &cf the breadth or gage of nine inches as aforesaid; other than with 6 inch and except carts and carriages drawn by two horses or four oxen, fellies, drawn and no more, having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels & 'except^, 'hereof of the breadth or gage of six inches as aforesaid; and and such car- other than and except carts and carriages employed in carrying riages as shall corn or grain in the straw, hay, fodder, dung, lime for the im-be employed provement of land, or other manure, or any implements of husbandry only; but that the toll required by the said acts respectively, together with the additional tolls hereby directed to be taken, for or in respect of every such waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, having the foie or bottom or the fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gage than nine inches as aforesaid, and for and in respect of horses, or beasts of draught, drawing the same (except as before excepted) shall be paid in the same manner to all intents and purposes, as if no exemption or less toll had been enacted or allowed by any of the said acts respectively, and as fully as all other waggons, wains, carts, and carriages, and horses drawing the same, ought respectively to pay which are not intitled to any exemption from toll, in the whole or part, or to pay a less toll than other waggons, wains, carts, and carriages; any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any chaise marine, coach, landau, Berlin, chariot, chaise, calash, or hearse; or to any caravan, or covered carriage, of any nobleman or gentleman for his private use; or to such ammunition or artillery as shall be for his Majesty's service; or to any cart or carriage drawn by one horse, or two oxen, and no more; or to any carriage, having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth of nine inches, which shall be laden with one (lone, block of marble, one piece of metal, or one piece of timber.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any period iiiK^hcVcne- or Persons ta^c t^e benefit of any exemptions under, or by

of any ex- Virtue of, this or any other act made, or hereafter to be made, for the repair of any turnpike road, in any fraudulent or collusive manner whatsoever; such person or persons shall forfeit, for every such offence, a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor iefi than forty (hidings, at the discretion of the justice or justices before whom such offender shall be convicted.

XXV. And whereas in and by several acts of parliament mat end passed for amending and repairing particular tanepih net

with*

in husbandry only: in all other cases the ordinary tolls granted by those aits, with the additional ones beieby granted, are to be paid.

Carriages which do not come within the intention of this act

Persons frau-

emption forfeit not exceeding 5l. nor leU than 40 s*'

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40* 431

within this kingdom, there is no power given to the trustees to lejfett the tolls, although such turnpike roads may be /efficiently, or in a great degreei amended and repaired; and all, or the greatest party of the money borrowed upon the credit of any such acts have been paid and discharged; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may Where the be lawful to and for the trustees appointed in and by virtue of shall he any act of parliament, now in force, for repairing and amending

such particular roads as aforesaid, or any thirteen or more of such nearly*so j trustees respectively, and they ire hereby itmtowered in any of and the mo-the cases aforesaid, at a irteeting to be held for that purpose of ntY borrowed which one calendar month's notice shall be given in writing, to be affixed on all the turnpike gates which shall be then erected 1*

upon such respective roads, from time to time, to lessen or reduce all or any of the tolls granted by any of the said respective acts, j^e iIjr for and during such time as the said trustees, or any thirteen or redttCCd* more of them, shall think proper; and afterwards at any meeting an(j oeeafion* to be held as aforesaid, from time to time, if they (half fee occa- ally raised (ion, to advance all or any of the tolls, so leflcned, to any sum or again i Turns of money, not exceeding the several rates granted by stich acts of parliament respectively.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, That where the whole money but no such borrowed on the credit of the tolls granted by any such act shall redutfin is not have been paid and discharged, no such tolls shall be lessened

or reduced without the consent of the person or persons intitled " ^e, unlef* to five sixths of the money remaining due upon such respective with consent tolls. of the inort*

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where there are

two or more turnpike roads under several acts of parliament, Where there within the same pariftl, township, or place, and the Statute duty are»pr more directed by all such acts to be taken or applied, for the repair of such turnpike roads within such parish, township, or place, several acts shall exceed three days duty in the whole; then, and in such within the case, it shall and may be lawful for two or more justices of the same pariflx, peace of the county, riding, division, or place, where such turn-pike roads shall be, and they are hereby required, attome lpe- exceeds % cial sessions, to adjust and proportion such Statute duty, betwixt days, such turnpike roads and the other highways in such parish, the justices township, or place, in such manner as they shall think fit; hav-f# t0hap1?0!V' i ing regard to the extent and condition of the said several roads jJL 1 and highways, and also to the tolls and revenues arising from tween cnem*

( 'such turnpike roads respectively (the said justices previously summoninz the clerks and surveyors of such turnpike roads, and likewise the surveyors of the Highways for such pariftl, township, or place, who are hereby respectively required to attend the juf- tices upon such summons.)

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any surveyor or 4*. penalty surveyors, or other person or persons having the care of any turn- f "Jtur, eyori

Eike road, shall suffer to be or remain, for the space of forty eight ^to

ours, in any part thereof within twelve feet on either side of the remain on the tspiddlc of such road, any post or polls, heap or heaps of (tones, roadiat. jrubbish, or earth, set up or raised in or above thcfurface of the

F f Z fold

43. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40J [1766.

said road, by which the passage thereof shall or may be obstructed, impededj confined, or straiiened (other than and except pods, blocks, (lories, or banks of earth, fixed in the ground, or raised, for securing horse or foot roads, and also direction pods and (tones) such surveyor or other person shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings, to be recovered before one justice of the peace#

XXIX. And whereas inconveniencies have arisen from malting hedges, or other fences, and from ploughing or breaking up the foil of lands or grounds near the middle or centre of turnpike roads; for re-461. penalty medy thereof be it further enacted, That if any person shall makin^cJitch- ma^e» or cause to be made, any hedge, ditch, or other fence, ons, &c7on'any turnpike road not inclosed on both (ides, within the didance any turnpike of thirty feet from the middle or centre thereof; or shall plough, roaiLnot in- harrow, or break up, the foil of any land or ground; or, in saie* within^ P^S^ing or harrowing the adjacent lands, shall turn his or 30 feet* of the their plough or harrow in or upon any land or ground within centre. the difiance of fifteen feet from the middle or centre of any or turning turnpike road, made, or to be made, within this kingdom; or harrow every Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such offence, within1*! s feet fortY shillings, to such person as shall rmke information of the thereof: same; and it shall be lawful for the trudecs who have the care

such ditches, cf any such road, or any five or more of them, to cause such ukein down he(l§e* ditch, or fence, to be taken down or filled up at the ex-or filled up, at pence of the person or persons to whom the same shall belong: the expence of and it shall and may be lawful for any one or more judiceor the owner; justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, or place, so^ctl^e^with w^cre such °ffence shall be committed, upon proof thereof to ri)?CpenaUiesF him or them made upon oath, to levy as well the expences of by distress'taking down such hedges as aforesaid, as the several and respectand sale. tive penalties hereby imposed, by didrefs and sale of the offender's goods and chattles, rendering the overplus to the owner'on demand.

Dtae&ion XXX. And, for the better convenience of travellers, where fevt-polls to be set ral highways meet, be it further enacted, That the of up where fe- or trustees appointed, or to be appointed, to execute any act of vfkys meet*parliament made, or to be made, for the repair of any turnpike*road, shall direct the surveyor of every such turnpike road where several highways meet, and there is no sufficient direction post or done already fixed or erected, forthwith to ereid, orcaufeto be credled, or fixed, in the most convenient place where such ways meet, a done or pod, with an inscription thereon in large Jetters, containing the name of, and didance from, the next market town or towns, or other considerable place or places, to and where the which the said highways respectively lead; and also, at the fcve-highjays a*e rai approaches or entrances to such parts of any highways as are for dan£crouiP to c'ceP or dangerous floods, graduated dones or posts,

floods f denoting the depth of water in the deeped part of the same; and for.guid- and likewise such direction pods or dones as the said commis* ing travellers sioners or trudecs shall judge to be necessary, for the guiding of inrtie fafell tnivcijers the bed and fated tract through the said floods or*waters;

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 4pi 433

waters; and also shall order the said surveyor to erect mile-stones Mile-stones upon such turnpike road, with proper inscriptions and figures also thereupon, denoting the names and difiances from the principal upi towns or places on each respective road; and the said surveyor'^ expCncCJ or surveyors shall be reimbursed the expences of providing and to be defrayed erecting the same respectively, out of the tolls and duties granted out of the by such acts respectively: and in case any surveyor or surveyors 1

shall, by the space of three months after such direction to him or ne^eafrit them given, neglect orjefufe to cause any such (tone or port to be their duty fixed as aforesaid; every such offender shall forfeit the sum of herein, forfeit twenty shillings. 20

XXXI. And whereas in Come places it hath been, and may be, penalty not,

found necessary to secure horse and foot causeways, in public highways, exceeding 5 b by pojls, blocks, or great Jlones, fixt in the ground, or by banks of earth but not left caji up, or otherwise, from being broken andfpoiled with waggons, Ioi# 011' wains, carts, or carriages: and forasmuch as several evil-disposed destroyin* persons may wilfully or maliciously pull up, cut down, and remove, pofh or bank* the said pojls, blocks, and great Rones, Jo fixed as aforesaid, and alfq to be set up dig and cafi down the said banes, which are the security and defence °"the Jjdc* of the said causeways, whereby they are often ruined and destroyed; feovity* or and such evil-disposed persons may break, damage, or throw down, the thereof, Jlones, bricks, or wood, fixed upon the parapets or battlements of ortheparapet* bridges, and may pull down, defiroy, obliterate, or deface, any mile- of bridges § stone or post gractuated, or direction-pofl orfione, erefled, or to be miie-stones, ere fled, upon any turnpike road for the purposes aforesaid: for pre- diredio.a.

vention thereof, be it enacted, That every person who shall be pods; guilty of any such offence shall, upon complaint thereof made

to any justice of the peace of the county, division, or place,

where the same shall be proved to be done, by the oath of any

one credible witness, or upon view of the justice himself, forfeit,

for every of the said offences, any sum not exceeding five pounds*

nor less than ten shillings; or be committed to the house of ortheoflfend-

correction of such county, division, or place, there to be whip- cr raay be

ped, and kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one and lkrp^ta

calendar month, nor less than seven days, at the discretion of £ard labour,

such justice and whipt.

XXXII. And, to prevent the malicious destroying of any turnpike gate or houses which have been, or shall hereafter be, ere fled, be it

Further enacted, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall, Penalty of de* either by day or night, wilfully or maliciously pull down, pluck jjf'

up, throw down, level, or otherwise destroy, any turnpike gate, ^r^bar, '* or turnpike gates, or any post or ports, rail or rails, wall or walls, V or any chain, bar, or other fence or fences, belonging to any turnpike gate or turnpike gates, or any other chain, bar, qr fence, of any kind whatsoever, set up or erected, or hereafter to be set up or erected, to prevent pa(fengers from passing by without paying any toll laid and directed to be paid by any adfc or acts of parliament already made, or hereafter to be made, for that purpose; or any house or houses erected, or to be erected, ^|, ou^t m for the use of any such turnpike gate or turnpike gates; or any weighing (JDne, machine, or engine, made or erected, or to be made or gine,

434

or reftuing offenders;

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40. (176ft

eyected, on any turnpike road, by authority of parliament, for weighing waggons, carts, or carriages; or shall forcibly refeue s*ny person or persons, being lawfully in custody of any officer or... other person for any of the offences before mentioned; that

*«howUe-Jhen» and a7, ?f the rV*cases, every person so offending, be-fit of dergj. l.ng thereof lawfully convicted, mall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy: and any indictment for such offences shall and may be inquired of, examined, tried, and determined, in any adjacent county within that part of Great Britain called England^ in such iflanner and form as if the faAs had been therein committed. Inhabitants of

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the inhabitants of the hundred, £Very hundred within that part of Great Britain called England of the !'ald'of-w*t^in which such offence or offences shall be committed, by sene* shall be pulling down and destroying any such turnpike gate or gates, or committed, any such post or pods, rail or rails, wall or walls, belonging to any turnpike gate or gates; or any such chain, bar, or fences; or any hoqfc or houses set up or erected, or to be set up or erected, for the use or service of collecting the tolls; or any crane, machine, or engine, made Qr erected, or to be made or erected, on any turnpike road, by authority of parliament, for weighing waggons, carts, or carriages, at any place appointed by the respective truste's or of, or any five or more of them, acting under any act or acts of parliament for amending any turnpike road, shall make full Satisfaction for the damages that shall be thereby suffered; and that the said damages shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, by and in the name of the clerk of the peace of the county for the time being wherein such offence or offences shall be committed, without naming the christian name or surname of the clerk of the peace $ and such action shall not be abated or discontinued by the death or removal of any such clerk, but may be sued and prosecuted by his successor; and the said damages so to be recovered shall be to the only use and behoof or the trustees c* of of such turnpike where the offence shall have been committed, to be by them applied and disposed of to the several uses and purposes, in such manner as the several tolls, rates, and duties, by virtue of such act or acts of parliament, inhabitants to shall be applied and disposed of: and all and every the inhabits ratably tants of such hundred shall be rateably and proportion ably taxed uxed thereto; for ancj towarcj an equal contribution for the relief of such inhabitant or inhabitants, against whom execution for such damages shall be had and levied; which tax shall be levied and raised by such means, and in such manner and form, as is prescribed and mentioned for the levying and raising the damages recovered butu n con 25a*n^ inhabitants of hundreds in case of robberies, by any sA vi&ionuor the cr a<^s of parliament: provided, That upon conviction of any offender, the such offender, within twelve months after the offence committed, hundred is to any hundred, or inhabitants thereof, liable to make, and having ot fir ro*de, such Satisfaction, shall be repaid the sums they have ft

Mldt

a* to make full fat itraction for the damages.

to the yfe of the trustees Of the turnpike i

to be applied <4$ the tolls:

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40; ^35

paid, out of the tolls of the turnpike where such offence was committed.

XXXIV. And whereas great mischiefs have arisen from mean ftrfont afling as trustees in the execution of such acts of parliament made for repairing public roads in that part of Great Britain called England, as do not direct and require that the trustees therely appointed shall be qualified to act as such by the possession of real or personal estates to a certain value; be it therefore enacted, That no General qua* person shall be qualified or capable of acting as a trustee in the fificario* of execution of any such ad as aforesaid, unless he shall be, in his tru^e#« own right, or in the right of his wife, in the actual possession, or,

receipt, of the rents and profits of lands, tenements, or heredi-, taments, of the clear yearly value of forty pounds; or possessed of, or intitled to, personal estate to the value of eight hundred pounds; or shall be heir apparent of a person possessed of an estate in land of the clear yearly value of eighty pounds; and unless he hath taken, or shall (not beiny such heir apparent as to be verified aforesaid) before he acts as such trustee, take and subscribe the uPoaoath# oath following, before any two or more of the trustees appointed, or to be appointed, by or in pursuance of such ad, who are hereby authorized and impowered to administer the same, in the words, or to the effect, following 5 that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I truly and bona fide jot, in my awn rights The oath# or in the right of my wife, in the actual possession and enjoyment, ( or receipt, of the rents and profits of lands, tenements, or heredita--anents, of the clear yearly value of (forty pounds) or possessed of or intitled to9 a personal efiatey to the value of {eight hundred pounds* as the case may be)

So help me G OD«

And if any person shall presume to ad contrary to the true intent 501. penalty

nd meaning hereof, every such person shall, for every such of- on person*,

fence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds to any person who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's ing to ad.

courts of record by action of debt, or on the case, or by bill,

suit, or information; wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of

law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed$ and such person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as above, or otherwise shall pay the said sum of fifty pounds, without any other proof or evidence on the part of the plaintiff or prosecutor, than that such person hath acted as a commissioner in the execution of any such act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all clerks, treasurers. Officers to de« surveyors, and other officers appointed, or to be appointed, by fiver up to any act or acts made or to be made for the repair of any turnpike ^j^and Toads, and their respective executors or administrators, shall, pa£ers in their within ten days after notice, in writing, to them respectively gi- custody, &c. ven by the of or trustees of such roads, or 3ny five relating to thq or more of them, at a meeting held pursuant to such ad, produce and deliver up ta such jrustees, all book$, accounts, papers, or n

F f 4 writing

436 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40J ^1766.

writings whatsoever, relative to the execution of such respectivq on forfeiture offices, which shall be in their custody or power; and every such. ofoU officer or person as aforesaid neglecting or refuting to produce and deliver up such books, accounts, papers, or writings, after such notice as aforesaid, shall, for every such neglect or refusal respectively, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

Persons dif-

XXXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That no person qualified from or persons who shall keep any victualling-house, ale-house, or acting as tru- other house of public entertainment, or who shall fell any win^ ing any office cyder, beer, ale, spirituous or other strong liquors, by retail, under the shall be capable of acting as a trustee, or of taking, holding, or trust, enjoying, any place or places of trust or profit under the trustees

of any act of parliament made, or to be made, for erecting tumor farming the pikes respectively, or of farming the tolls thereby granted and made payable, during such time as he shall keep such victual-ling-house, ale-house, or other house of public entertainment, or shall fell any wine, beer, cyder, ale, spirituous or other strong'liquors, by retail,

XXXVII. And whereas the trustees of several turnpike roads art not sufficiently impowered to punish nuisances in the several roads under Nuisances on their care y be it therefore further enacted, That the said trustees the road may of the several roads respectively, or any five or more of them, at att^expena a §cncra* meeting, may, and they are hereby impowered, if of the reve- they shall think fit, to direct prosecutions by indictment against nues of t^o the offender or offenders for any nuisance done, committed, or

turnpike, continued, in or upon any of the turnpike roads under their care

respectively, at the expence of the revenues belonging to such turnpike roads, to be allowed by such trustees, or any five or more of them, at some subsequent general meeting: provided Prosecutions that nothing in this act shall be construed to impower the truf-unlelSupon tees to prosecute, or cause to be prosecuted, any person for any offender's such offence, unless upon the conteflion of the offender, or that confession, or one or more witness or witnesses can be had and produced to proof by prove the commission of such offence.

witae i. XXXV

III. And whereas fraudulent contrivances may be prattifei

by offenders^ their friends^ and others} to evade the jujt recovery cf forfeitures and penalties in flitted by the laivs relating to turnpike roads 1 by Jetting up colourable prosecutions and seizures, with intent U Fraudulent favour offenders against the said laws, and to discourage juji and red andcolourable prosecutions; for remedy thereof, be it enacted, That it shall and arSfehwres, anc* cvcrY justice and justices of the peace

ict up ro fa- before whom there shall be any information or proceeding for your offend- any penalty or forfeiture inflicted by this or any act or act of crsftobcen- parliament made, or to be made, for repairing and amending ^dfnaiide. turnP^e roads; and they are hereby required, where any prior seizure, information, or conviction, shall be set up or infilled upon, by way of defence, or to defeat any information or proceeding, or any seizure for any forfeiture or penalty inflicted as aforesaid, to examine into the real merits of such prior seizure^ information, proceeding, or conviction; and if thereupon it Shall appear that the same was not done, made, or prosecuted

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40. 437

effectually, to recover and apply the penalty or forfeiture for the true and real ends and purposes for which such penalties or forfeitures were enacted, but to favour the offender, such prior seizure, information, or conviction, shall be deemed to be fraudulent, and null and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and every such justice or justices of the peace shall proceed to determine and convict, as if no prior seizure, information, or conviction, had been made, prosecuted, or obtained.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where a sufficient where a fuf-number of the trustees appointed, or to be appointed, by any fitientnumber act or acts of parliament made, or to be made, for making, °lltl2!ftnCS to amending, or repairing, any particular turnpike roads, shall not^ton tte meet on the day appointed, or to be appointed, by any such ad appointed or acts respectively, for their first meeting; or shall not meet on for their firi, the day appointed, or to be appointed, by adjournment, foror any subse-their meeting, or for want of a proper adjournment; by which Hucnt m€ct" means, or by some, or one of them, the intent of the said act or W9nt of acts may be firuftrated; in all or either of the said cases, it shall adjournments be lawful for so many of the said trustees as shall meet, or the the trafte*s# major part of them, or, in case no such trustee shall be present,

for their clerk or clerks, to cause notice in writing to be affixed cm2y appoint on all turnpikes that shall be then erected on the said respective anothermeet-roads, or, if no turnpikes shall be then eredfd, to cause the like ing*. giving notice to be affixed in the most conspicuous place in one of the notice principal towns or places neared to which the roads directed tothcreo*be repaired do lie, at lead ten days before the intended meeting; appointing such trustees to meet at such place where the preceding meeting was appointed to have been held, or at the place directed for the first meeting of such trustees, if no such preceding meeting shall have been held; and the said trustees, when and the met in pursuance of such notice, shall and may, and they are co^cqucnlw hereby required, to proceed and carry such act or acts into exe- thereof, may cution, in the same and as ample and full a manner, to all in- proceed to tents and purposes, as they might or could have done if no such "P7 such neglect had happened. S", "

XL. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That No ^journ. no meeting of such trustees shall at any time be adjourned for ment to be for any longer time than three months from the day on which such a longer time adjournment shall be made; and that no business shall be donethan3"°^g* or proceeded upon by the trustees, at any meeting to be held under this or any act or acts of parliament, made or to be made, before 10 in for making or repairing any turnpike roads, before the hour of the mornings ten in the forenoon; and that no adjournment shall be made tonor ^\olJrnm any hour later than two in the afternoon of the day on which ment to be such meeting shall be appointed to be held; and that every act made to a agreed upon at any meeting, shall be signed at the said meetinglatcr ho.ur by a competent number of trustees, or otherwise, every such meeting, adjournment, and aid respectively, shall be void and of none effect.

XLI. And be it enacted, That if the commissioners and truf. Trustees abaf. fees appointed, or to be appointed, to put any act of parliament, ing or exceed-

made "8 their pow

43 t Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40? [1765.

er, in any of made or to be made for the Tepair of any turnpike road, into

the instance* execution, shall abuse or exceed their power, by erecting or here mention-,

ed.

causing to be erected, or continuing or causing to be continued, any gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, where they have not any power, by virtue of any a6fc of parliament, toere& such gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes; it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, or place, where any such gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, complaint ls or* crc&« or continued, in their general quarter fef-made thereof (ions assembled, upon complaint of such abuse or excels of power in a fumraary in such of and trustees, in a summary way to hear

the general

2uarter felons may determine any complaint

wa

ay j and the she-riffis to execute their order.

Mortgagee taking possession of any toll-gate, to account upon oath for the monies received, and expended;

and determine the same; and thereupon to order the meriff of the county, who is hereby authorized and required to execute such order, to remove any such gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes.

XLII. And be it enacted, That all and every mortgagee and mortgagees that hath or have taken or been in possession, or shall hereafter take and be in possession, of any toll-gate or bar, set up or erected on any turnpike road, shall, within fourteen days after he, she, or they, shall have received notice in writing from the trustees, or of of such turnpike roads, or any five of them, render upon oath, to be administered and taken by and before one justice of the peace, or any one trustee or commissioner of such turnpike road, an exact account in writing, to such trustees or of, or to any person appointed by them, or any five of them, to be named in such notice, of all monies receivea by such mortgagee or mortgagees, or by any other person or persons, for his, her, or their use and benefit, or by his, her, or their authority, at such toll-gate or bar, and of what he, she, or they, have expended in keeping the same; and in case he, she, or they, shall negledfc to render such account, when required in the manner herein directed, he, she, or they, shall severally forfeit and pay to the said trustees or of, for every refusal, neglect, or omission, to render such account, the sum of ten pounds; to be recovered by the said trustees or of, or any five or more of them, or by the treasurer or clerk to the said trustees or of, in a summary manner, before one justice of the peace; which, when recovered, shall be applied to the use of the respective road or roads whereon such toll-gate or bar shall be placed.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such moil* gagee or mortgagees shall keep possession of any toll-gate or bar, by him, her, or themselves, or by any other person or persons on his, her, or their behalf, and receive the tolls or duties thereat, after such mortgagee or mortgagees shall have received cpfts are paid, the full sum or Turns of money due on their respective mortgage I. to forfeit or mortgages, and the interest thereof, with cods; such mort-

!gagee or mortgagees shall forfeit and pay, as a penalty, to the aid trustees or of, double the sum or sums of money he, she, or they, shall have received over and above the sum or sums of mpney dqe as aforesaid, with treble costs of suit; to be recovered

on foifeirure of iqI. for every refusal, Or neglect;

to he applied to the use of the road:

And keeping possession, or receiving the tolls, after his dc(>t, interest, and

double the sums so re-Rived,

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40. 439

recovered by Ihe said trustees or of, or by the tre*- treble surer or clerk to such trustees or of, by action of c00* debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record; which, when recovered, shall be applied to the use to be applied of the respective road or roads on which such toll-gate or bar the "re °* shall be placed.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it y t^e shall and may be lawful for any two or more trustees or com- death of any missioners of any turnpike road, upon the death of any toll-ga- collector, % therer or gate-keeper, appointed or to be appointed to collect tnifteea may the tolls upon such turnpike road, to nominate and appoint some other fit person in his place, until the next meeting of the

trustees or of of such road; which person, lo to be wh0 is to be nominated and appointed, shall have the like power and autho- accountable, rity, and be accountable in the same manner, in all respects, a*ti11 the next the person so dying had, or would have been, if living: and ^comi^f-that if any toll-gatherer or gate- keeper, who shall be discharged flonerf> from his office by the trustees or of authorized for CoHedtor dif-that purpose, shall refuse to deliver up the possession of the house, charged, buildings, and appurtenances, which he enjoyed in right of his Appointment to that office* within two days after notice of hisfion0^ discharge shall be given to him, or left at his house; or if the house, &c. wife or family of any such toll-gatherer or gate-keeper who shall or the mfe or die as aforesaid, shall refuse to deliver up the possession of such house, buildings, and appurtenances, within four days after such a 9

new appointment shall be made as aforesaid; then, and in either Constable, by of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the warrant of a peace for the county, division, or place, where such turnpike-justice, may house shall be, by warrant under his hand and seal, to order the constable or other peace officer, with such assistance as shall bem e, f necessary, to enter such house and premisses in the day-time, and to remove the persons who shall be found therein, together and put the with their goods, out of such house, and to put the new ap- newappointed pointed officer into the possession thereof. fcflton.1

XLV. And belt further enacted, That the gate-keeper or toll- Collectors and gatherer of every such toll-gate or bar, and every surveyor of any surveyors to turnpike road, shall, when required, by notice in writing from account upoa the said trustees or of, or any five or more of them, "

render upon oath, to be administered by, and taken before, any^one justice of the peace, trustee, or commissioner of such turnpike road, a true and exact account in writing, to the said trustees or of, or to any person to be named in such notice appointed by them, or any five or more of them, of all monies received by him, her, or them, at such toll-gate or bar, or otherwise on account of such turnpike road, not before accounted for, under the penalty of five pounds for every such of- upder penalty fence or neglect; to be recovered in a summary manner before of 5l. any one justice of the peace, and applied to the use of the re-spe6tive road on which such toll-gate shall be placed.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no gate-keeper of No collector, |ny turnpike road, or person renting the tolls thereof, and re-or renter or

i

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40* [1766.

be removed Tiding in any toll-house belonging to the bid trust, shall be re-by virtue of movable from such toll-house, by the order of any justices of the poor laws, t^c peacCj in pursuance of any laws now m being ror the relief unless he be- or regulation of the poor, unless he shall become actually charge-come charge- able to foine parish or place; and that no such gate-keeper or able; person renting such tolls, and residing in such toll*rtoufe as afore-

fee shall thereby 8a*n a settlementn any parish or place what-SmentbyCthe fever; and that no tolls to be taken at any gate erected, or to folk; be erected, by the trustees of any turnpike road, nor any toll*

nor shall he, house erected, or to be erected, for the purpose of collecting the bHiabVto41 same* nor any Persons in respect of such tolls or toll-house, any parochial shall be rated or affidfed towards the payment of any poors rate, tax. or any other publick or parochial levy whatsoever.

Con (tables XLVII. And, to enforce further a due observance of this

making de- act, be it enacted, That every constable, headborough, or fault in their tythingman, refusing or neglecting to put this act into execution, cMT^to account for and deliver any forfeiture or penalty according aft, &c. to the directions of this act; and every surveyor of any turnpike andsurveyors, road, and every toll-gatherer, and all persons employed, or to collectors, &c. be employed, by of or trustees, appointed or to be appointed for the repairing roads, as do or shall receive salaries neglecting to or rewards, who shall wilfully neelect, for the space of one week seize fupemu- after the offence committed, to seize any supernumerary horse merary horses or horses drawing within their view or knowledge in any wag-

drawiDip til

waggons, gon, wains or cart, contrary to the true intent and meaning of or to give dut this act; or shall wilfully neglect for the same time to lay such information information, upon oath, before one or more of his Majesty's of the offence, justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, or place, wherein such offence was committed, or before the of or trustees at their respective meetings, as by this act is di-forfeit sol, redted; shall, upon due information made, upon oath, before one or more or his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, riding, division, or place, forfeit, for every such neg-Jedl, the sum of ten pounds.

Any seizure

XLVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and de-or aiftrefs clared. That whatever person or persons shall make any seizure made for any or distress of any horse, beast, gears, or other things, for any curredUrC the forfeitures hereby incurred, unless by warrant from a juf-

unless by tice or justices of the peace, or of of any turnpike, warrant, b pursuant to the authority hereby given; such person or persons is to be deli- shall driver the same into the custody of the constable, or same th^constable3 other P^rish officer of the same, next, or adjacent, town or pa-till proof*where such seizure or distress is made, who are hereby remade of the cjuired to receive into their custody, and safely to keep the same, offence; till the person or persons who made such distress or seizure shall make proof, upon oath, before some justice of the peace, of the andifnotmade offence committed; but if such proof shall not be made within wirhin 6 days, six days after such delivery, then such horse, beast, gears, or the distress to other things, shall be restored to the owner; and the person the'owneri ° ma*ng feh seizure shall pay such reasonable charges to thecon-and the seizer (table pr other officer for the keeping and securing thereof, as

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40. 441

the said justice or justices shall allow and direct; and the said pence* of justice or justices, before whom such proof is made, are hereby required, after conviction, to issue their precept to such constable or parish officer, immediately to deliver the horse, beast, order to be gears, or other things, so forfeited, to the party or parties who made for de-seized or distrained the same, to and for their sole use and be- hwing the nefit; paving such reasonable charges for keeping and securingplJZ* 0 such hone or horses, beasts, or other things, as the said justice y or justices shall allow and direct: and every person making fei- Party not duly zure of any such horse, beast, gears, or other things, and not prosecuting prosecuting such seizure within the time and in manner aforesaid,

shall forfeit to the owner of such horse, beast, gears, or other r 40 things, the sum of forty shillings for every such seizure.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no rionftTte conviction shall be had or made by virtue of this act, unless up- Upon con-on confession of the party accused, or upon the oath of one or session of the more credible witness or witnesses; and that any inhabitant of party accused,

any parish, township, or place, in which any offence shall be or oath of

j* r\ - j.one or more

committed1 contrary to this a A, shall be deemed a competent wjtne(Teti

witness, notwithstanding his or her being an inhabitant of such Inhabitants

parish, township, or place; and that any justice of the peace deemed com.

may aA in the execution of this act, notwithstanding he may be Pjg* WIt".

a trustee for repairing and amending the roads on which any of- amj any fa-

fence, contrary to this act, shall be committed. ftice, tho* a

trustee, may aA therein.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or per- Penalty of ob* fons shall resist, or make forcible opposition against, any person (hruAing the or persons employed in the due execution of this act; or shall thUaftln assault any colleAor or colleAors of the tolls in the execution of any of the in-his or their office or offices; or shall forcibly pass through any fiances here turnpike-gate or gates, rail or rails, chain or chains, or other mentioned, fence or fehoes, set up, or to be set up, by authority of parliament, without paying the toll appointed to be paid at such gatd or other fence; or shall hinder, or attempt to prevent or obstruct, any such person or persons in the measuring or guaging the wheels of any carriage; or seizing or distraining of any horse, or beast of draught, hereby directed to be forfeited for the offences herein before mentioned; or make any refeue of cattle, or other goods, distrained by virtue of this act; or if any constable, head borough, or tythingman, shall refuse or neglect to execute any warrant granted by any justice or justices of the peace, or by any of or trustees, pursuant to the directions of this or any turnpike road aA; every such person of-^um fending the rein, and being convicted thereof in manner afore- not exceeding said, shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding 10l. nor less ten pounds, nor lets than forty shillings, at the discretion of the than justice or justices of the peace before whom he or she shall be so tulmpik? convicted; to be paid to the surveyor of the turnpike roads surveyorj where the offence was committed, and laid out in the repairs thereof: and in case he or she do not forthwith pay, or secure and if not to be paid, the said forfeiture, after such conviction* then k

shall rity given.

the offender to be committed.

Penalties, forfeitures, and charges, not otherwise directed, to be levied by distress and file.

Application

thereof.

For want of distrefi, &c.

Offender to be committed.

Warrant may

be backed by any neighbouring justice,

and distress and Tale made accordingly j

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40, [1766.

shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices of the peace to commit such person or persons to the common gaol, or house of correction, of the county, division, or place, where such offence shall be committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding three mbnths, unless the said forfeiture shall be fooooer paid.

LI. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed for any offence against the same, and all cods and charges to be allowed and ordered by the authority of this act (the manner of levying and recovering of which is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattles of the offender, or person liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, by warrant under the hand and seal of some justice of the peace for the county, riding, division, or place, where such offence, neglect, or default, shall happen, or such order for payment of such costs or charges shall be made, rendering the overplus of such distress, if any, to the party or parties, after deducting the charges of making the same; which warrant such justice is hereby impowered and required to granr upon conviction of the offender by confession, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or upon order made as aforesaid; and the penalties and forfeitures, when so levied, shall be paid, the one half to the informer, and the other half to the surveyor of the turnpike road where such offence, neglect, or default, shall happen; to be employed towards the repair thereof, unlef9 otherwise directed by this ajft: and in case such distress cannot be found, and such penalties and forfeitures, or the said costs or charges, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to commit such offender or offenders, or person or persons liable to pay the same respectively, to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, aivision, or place, where the offence shall be committed, or such order as aforesaid shall be made, for any time not exceeding three months; unless the said penalty, forfeiture, costs, or charges, shall respectively be sooner paid: and if such offender or offenders, or person or persons liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, shall live out of the jurisdiction of the justice or justices hereby authorized to grant such warrant; it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace of the county, riding, division, or place, wherein such person shall inhabit; and every such justice is hereby required, upon request to him for that purpose made, and upon a true copy of the conviction whereby such forfeiture or penalty was incurred, or of the order for the payment of such costs or charges produced and proved by a credible witness upon oath, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the penalty or forfeiture mentioned in such conviction, or the costs or charges mentioned in such order, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattles of such offender or fenders, or person or persons liable or ordered to pay the same

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40/ 44$

respectively, as aforesaid; and if no sufficient didrefs can be had, and for want to commit such offender or offenders, or person or persons liable as aforesaid, to the common gaol or house of correction Of such commined. county, riding, division, or place, for the time and in manner aforesaid.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whatever pe- penajtjtg or nalty or forfeiture shall be leviedor recovered on the information forfeitufes of the surveyor of any turnpike road, or of any toll-gatherer, or recovered on other person employed by the commissioners or trustees appoint- information ed for repairing the roads, and receiving salaries or rewards for coH^or their services, shall go and be applied to the amending of the said*

turnpike roads respectively, and to no other use or purpose what- to be applied ever; any thing in this or any other act to the contrary not- to the repair Withstanding. of the road*.

LIII. And be it enacted, That every prosecutor or informer prosecutorior may, at his election, sue for and recover any forfeiture or pe- informers at nalty imposed by this or any other act or acts of parliament liberty to sue, made, or to be made, for erecting turnpikes, or for repairing cit£" the and amending turnpike roads, in the same manner as such for-fcitures and penalties are severally and respectively directed to be acts direct; sued for and recovered, or by action at law, to' be brought by^\n the such informer or prosecutor in any of his Majesty's courts of re- courts of record in manner following (that is to say) where any person shall cote> by ac-be liable to such pecuniary penalty, it shall and may be lawful110, 1 °* ocbt* to sue for and recover the same by action of debt; in which it shall be sufficient to declare, that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in the sum of being

forfeited by an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amend, and reduce tnto one act of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads of this kingdom, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and where the penalty or forfeiture is or shall of trover 1 be of any horse or bead of draught, or other goods, by an ac-tien of trover against the person liable to such penalty or forfeiture, in which the said forfeiture shall be sufficient evidence of property to the plaintiff; and in which the value of such horse, bead of draught, or other goods, as is or are liable to the forfeiture, shall be given in damages, without any proof of fei-

ure or demand; and the plaintiff, if he recover in any such action, shall have full cods: provided that there shall not be titled to full more than one recovery for the same offence; and that ten days costs. notice, in writing, be given to the party offending, previous to No more than the commencement of such action; and that the same be brought and commenced within one calendar month after the offence, offence; for which such action is brought, shall have been committed, and notice also to be given to the pirty $ and action brought within a certain time.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That where any didrefs j^ef* for shall be made for any sum or Anns of money to be levied by vir- money not tue of this act, the didrefs itself shall not be deemed unlawful, deemed un-0or the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, oi]l account of any default ot want of form in any ^rae^uthe

proceedings proceedings 1

444 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40. [1766.

nor the party proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the party or parties Sref at distraining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ab initi$ % on ac-imuo*on*c- count of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the count of any party or parties distraining; but the person or persons aggrieved subsequent by such irregularity, may recover full satisfaction for the special irregularity. danr, age in an action on the case.

Plaintiff in

LV. Provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall re-

any action cover in any action for any such irregularity, trespass, or wrong-not Procee(sings, tender of sufficient amends shall be made by to Recover, 0 or on behalf of the party or parties who shall have com- 1 where tender mitted, or caused to be committed, any such irregularity, tref-of amends has pass, or wrongful proceedings, before such action brought: and seen15?dc bc "1 ca, c no loch tender shall have been made, it shall and may be brought?0 lawful for the defendants in arty such action, by leave of the Defendant al- court where such action shall depend^ at any time before issue lowed to pay joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he or they shall money into fa.whereupon such proceedings, or orders and judgements, Sie^oined? ^all be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court. Persons ag-

LVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if grieved by the any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any thing order of any done by any justice or justices of the peace, of, or trustees.°rnav trustccs»n pursuance of this act, and for which no particular appeal (where method of relief hath been already appointed; such person may not otherwise appeal to the justices of the peace at any general quarter session* directed) to of the peace to be held for the county, riding, division, or place, quarter fef- wherein the cause of such complaint shall arise, within six months

Cons. - after the cause of such complaint shall have arisen; such appel*

Due notice to lant first giving, or'eaufing to be given, to such justice, com* be given of missioners, or tru flees, by whose act or acts such person shall2°n to think himself or herself aggrieved, eight days notice at the least 5 in writing of his or her intention to bring such appeal, and of and recog- the matter thereof; and within four days after such notice, en* mzance to be tering into recognizance before some justice of the peace for the entered into. fajj county, riding, division, or place, with one sufficient surety,

- conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide the order of, am pay such costs as shall be awarded by, the justices of such quar* Proceedings ter session; and every justice of the peace, and the commidioih bad in the ers or trustoes, having received notice of such appeal as afore-case, to be re- fa|(is shall return all proceedings whatever had before them re-th^court^n spe<Stively> touching the matter of such appeal, to the said jut forfeiture'of tices at their general quarter sessions aforesaid, on pain of for-5l. feiting five pounds for every such neglect; and the said justice

Court to de- at such session, upon due proof of such notice being given u inatterin as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recognizance, shall heir summary and finally determine the causes and matters of such appeal in a way, and summary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing or

award proper appealed against as they, the said justices, shall think proper; cottsi to^]evje(j anj recovered as herein before directed; and tire

Their deter- determination of such quarter sessions shall be final and conclu-be final*1l° ^ve 10^"items an^ purposes; and that no proceeding to be had

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40. 445

had or taken in pursuance of this act shall be quashed or vacated Proceeding for want of form, or removed by Certiorari, or any other writ n°l*°vc* or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster\ any law or Statute to the conti ary notwithstanding.

LVII. Provided, That no such appeal shall be made against Where ap-any conviction, for the forfeiture of any horse or other bead by Pca! » made virtue of this act, unless the person convicted shall, at the time cfnriaiorTfor of such conviction, give notice of his or her intention to appeal; t^c forfeiture and at the same time enter into recognizance, with sufficient of any horse, sureties, to pay the value of such horse or other bead, in case &c\ such conviction shall be affirmed upon such appeal; and upon 5|j3i^2jbe" his or her giving such fedurity, such horse or other bead shall £fVCI|8at the be forthwith delivered to such person. timeofconvic-

tien, and recognizance, with sureties, entered into; and horse to be therejpon returned.

LVni. And be it enacted, That where any oath is hereby Oaths so be.required and directed to be made or taken, the justices of the peace of any county, riding, division, or place, or the trustees or t^SU*0* of of any turnpike road, as the case may be, and according to the several jurisdictions herein given to them respectively as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby respectively ixnpowered to administer the same.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this act, and the fe- Commence-, veral powers, provisions, regulations, clauses, and matters there- tnent of thit in contained, shall commence and take effect on the twenty a^a ninth day of September next ensuing.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit Limitation*of shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing a&ons. done or acted in pursuance of this act, then, and in every such case, such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within three calendar months after the fad committed, and not afterwards; and the same, and every such action or suit, shall be brought in the county, riding, division, or place, where the person against whom such action or suit shall be commenced doth ordinarily inhabit and reiide, or in the county, riding, division, or place, where the fad was committed, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in every such action or suit, shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the spe- General issuej rial matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time limited for bringing the same, or be brought and laid in any other county, riding, division, or place, than as afore-mentioned, then the juiy shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action, after the defendant or defendants shall have fepp&red; or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given

Kind the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants

II and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for Treble cofit Recovery thereof, as any defendant or defendants hath or have la any other cases by law.

Vol. XXVII, G g LXI, And

Repeal of so much of the several act following, as relate to turnpikes; viz. ad 1 Geo. a 5

5 Geo. 2. 5

t Geo. 2. I

J4 Geo. % j

si Geo. i)

jWilL&Mary except wli at relates to the rate for carnage ot goods j a4. Giu. t. exet pt what relates to the pi eventing luifcliiet ocelli jnrd l)y drivers tiding

II I II ('II tsf

&c.; nLomlon:

16 Geo. a

*8 Geo. 2. except lu

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 40- [1766.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the twenty eighth day of September next, so much of an act made in the full year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second (intituled An act for punishing Jiub persons as shall wil* fully and maliciously pull down or destroy turnpikes for repairing high-ways; cr locks, or other works ere tied by authority of parliament ^for making riven navigable) as relates to turnpikes; as also so much, of an act passed in the fifth year of his late majesty King George the Second (intituled An act to explain, amend, and render mm effectual, tin aft paj/ed in the first year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for punishing such persons as shall wilfully and nialicioully pull down or destroy turnpikes for repairing high* ways; or locks, or other works erected by authority of parliament, for making rivers navigable) as relates to turnpikes; as also so much of an act passed in the eighth year of his late majesty King George the Second (intituled An act for rendering the laws more effectual for punishing such persons as shall wilfully arJ maliciously pull down or destroy turnpikes for repairing highways; or locks, or other works erected by act of parliament, for making rivers navigable; and for other purposes therein mentioned) as relates to turnpikes; as also so much of an act passed in the fourteenth year of his late majesty King George the Second (intituled, Jm act for the preservation of the publitk roads in that part of Great Britain called England, as relates to the turnpike roads of this kingdom; as also an act passed in the twenty first year of his late majesty King George the Second (intituled An act to explain ani amend an act pass'cd in the fourteenth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the preservation of the publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England); and so much of an act passed in the third year of the reign of King William and Queen t Mary (intituled An act for the better repairing and amending the highways, and for settling the rates of the carriage of goods, as relates to the settling the rates of the carriage of goods) except so much thereof as relates to the rate or price for carriage of goods; as also an act passed in the twenty fourth year of his late majesty King George the Second (intituled An act for the more effectud preservation of the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain cclUl England; and for the difpsjition of penalties given by acts of parka* went relating to the highways in that part of Great Britain eallei England, and for enforcing the recovery thereof; and for the m: rt effectual presenting of milchief ouajwud by the drivers riding upon iivts, drays, cans, and waggons, in the city of London, and within fen miles tier if) except so much thereof as relates to the preventing mischief occasioned by the drivers riding upon carts, drays, carrs, and waggons, in the city of London; as also another ai t passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second (intituled An act for the amend* merit and preservation of the public highways and turnpike roads sf this kingdom, and for the more effectual execution of tbt laws relating the reto) as also an act passed in the twenty eighth year of his late majesty King George the Second (intituled An act to amend on

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 41. 447

a ft made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, mwch thereof intituled An act for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom, and for &£p the more effectual execution of the laws relating the reto) except so much thereof as continues the acts then made for repairing and amending turnpike roads, subject to the tolls and duties by such acts respectively granted; as also an act passed in the thirtieth year of his late majesty King George the Second (intituled,

An act for enlarging the times for the first meetings of of 30 Geo. 1. j or trustees, for putting in execution certain acts of this session of parliament) and also another act passed in the thirtieth year of his said late majesty King George the Second (intituled An act to 30 Geo. render more effectual the several laws now in beings for the amendment and preservation of the public highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom) as also an act passed in the thirty first year of his late majesty King George the Second (intitulea. An act for enlarging 3* Geo. 1. the times for the first meetings of of or trustees, for putting in execution certain acts of this sessions of parliament, and for other purposes therein mentioned) as also an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty (intituled An act to continue 5 G*0* 31 part of an act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to render more effectual the several laws now in being, for the amendment and preservation of the public highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom, and for making further provisions for the preservation of the said roads) as also an act passed in the sixth year of his present majesty (intituled An act for explaining, amending, and and $ Gw. jj further enforcing, the execution of two several acts, one made in the twenty sixth year of his late Majesty, and the other in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, for the amendment and preservation of the public highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom; and for obliging mortgagees taking possession of toll-gates on turnpike roads, and toll-gatherers appointed by them, to account) shall be, and the same mre hereby repealed.

CAP. XLI.

act to enable his Majesty to put the custpms, and other duties, in the British dominions in America, and the execution of the laws relating to trade there, under the management of of to be appointed for that purpose, and to be resident in the said dominions.

WHEREAS n pursuance of cm act of parliament made in the Preamble* re. - twenty fifth year of the rsign of King Charles the citing aft »j

intituled An act for the encouragement of the Greenland and Car. a*

WBaft land trades, and for the better securing the plantation trade,

*$be rates and duties impofei by that9 and several subsequent acts of parliament, upon various goods imported into, or exported from, the ^British colonies and plantations in America, have been put under the Apanogemnt of the commissimrs of the customtin, England for the -1 G g 2 time

44. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 4l. [t 766;

///&/ by and under the authority and directions of the high tree* surer, or of of the treasury for the time being: and where-as the officers appointed for the collection of the said rates and duties, in America, are obliged to apply to the said of of the cuj-toms in England for their special in firu Chons and directions, upon every part icular doubt and difficulty which arises in relation to the payment of the said rates and duties \ whereby all persons concerned a the commerce and trade of the said colonies and plantations, arc greedy obf rutted and delayed in the carrying on and tranjading of their buf-ness: and wbci'tas the appointing of of to be resident in some convenient part of his Majestfs dominions in America, ' and to be invested with such powers as are now exercised by the commissioners of the customs in England by virtue of the laws in being, would relieve the said merchants and traders from the said inconvemencics, teoi to the encouragement of commerce, and to the better securing of th said rates and duties, by the more speedy and effectual collection thereof; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and His Majesty by the authority of the same, That the customt and other duties imposed, by any act or acts of parliament, upon any goods of Horns, and merchandizes brought or imported into, or exported or carried other duties from, any British colony or plantation in America, may, froa in the British time to time, be put under the management and direction of colonies in such of, to reside in the said plantations, as his Ms* deiMhema-11* h*s heirs, and successors, by his or their commission of statement of commissions under the great seal of Great Britain, shall judge to of be most for the advantage of trade, and security of the revenot to be retident Of the fajj British colonies j any-law, custom, or usage, to the*contrary notwithstanding.

with regaudVo H* And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-carrying into said. That the said of so to be appointed, or an} execution the three or more of them, shall have the same powers and author-laws relating rjtjcs for carrying into execution the several laws relating to the nues and VC revenues and trade of the said British colonies in America, s trade of the were, before the passing of this act, exercised by the commit said colonies, sioners of the customs in England, by virtue of any act or as The Crown Of parliament now in force: and it shall and may be lawful fijch°com^ an<* ^or k, Majesty, his heirs, and successors, in such commissions, to make fion or commissions, to make provision for putting in executks provision for the several laws relating to the customs and trade of the said jBrt

flje execution tiff colonies; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary not-of the said J

laws there withstanding.

-Deputations, HI- Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the &c. granted authority aforesaid, That all deputations, and other authentic* by the com- granted by the commissioners of the customs in England beta Se olitolis Pan8 this a<a> or which may be granted by them befall in England, any commission or commissions shall issue in punuance of this to be in force act, to any officer or officers acting in the said colonies or pta-there. rill re- tations, shall continue in force as fully, to all intents and par* uxafury7 poses, as if this act had not been made, until the deputation*

449

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42.

pr other authorities, To granted to such officer or officers respectively, shall be revoked, annulled, or made void, by the high treasurer of Great Britain, or of of the treasury (or the time being.

CAP. XLII.

An act to explain, amende and reduce into one act of parliament, the fiveral Statutes now in being for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways of this kingdom \ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the several statutes now in being fir the amend*

went and preservation of the highways of this kingdom, art very numerous, and\ in some respectsy ineffectual: And whereas the \ood purposes thereby* intended might be better effected\ if the said latutes were entirely repealed, and reduced into one aft; be it herefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and vjth the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, nd commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from henceforth, upon the twenty scond day of September, in every year, unless that day shall be Annual lifts 1mtnday, and then on the day following, the condables, head- to be mmde roroughs, tythingmen, churchwardens, surveyor or surveyors outioSeptem* of the highways, and housholders, being assessed to any pa-ochial or publick rate, of every parish, township, or place, toofpersons, or which surveyors of the highways have been usually appointed shall assemble together at the church or chapel or such pa-ilh, township, or place; or if there be shall no. church or chapel, hen at the usual place of publick meetings for such parish, ownship, or place, at the hour of eleven in the forenoon; nd the major part of them so assembled, shall make a list of qualified to be names of, at lead, ten persons living within such respective ariihes, townships, or places, who each of them have an hSiwaysi state in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, lying within uch respc6Uve parish, township, or place, in their own right, ir in the right of their wives, of the value of ten pounds >y the year, or a personal estate of the value of one hundred rounds, or are occupiers or tenants of houses, lands, tene-nents, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of thirty pounds: ind if there shall not be ten persons, having such qualification in aforesaid; then they shall insert in such lid the names of so nany of such persons as are so qualified as above required, for (ether with the names of so many of the most sufficient and ible inhabitants of such parish, township, or place, not so pialified, as shall make up the number ten, if so many can be pund; if not, so many as shall be there reddent, to serve the lie office of surveyor of the highways: and the condable, bead- The^to rorough, or tythingman, of such parish, township, or place, be returned tq hall return such lid unto two or more justices of the peace of the jafticct as lie county, riding, division, city, corporation, precinlt, or their speritl iberty, in which such parish, township, or place, shall be, at their special sessions to be held for that purpose, on the first

98 3

45

and notice to be given to the persons named therein to attend.

The justices»c to give timely notice ot holding the said sessions j

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 4*, [1766.

Monday in October next following, or within fifteen days after, in every year; and shall also, within three days after the making the said lift, give personal notices to, or cause notices in writing to be left at, the places of abode of the several persons contained in such lift, informing them of their being so named, to the intent that they may severally appear before the justices at the said special sessions, to accept such office, if they shall be appointed thereto, or to shew cause, if they have any, against their being appointed; and the said justices are hereby authorized and required to hold such special sessions at such convenient place or places within their respective jurisdictions, as they in their discretion shall judge proper; and to give notice or the time and place where they intend to hold the same, to the constables, headboroughs, or tythingmen, of every such parish, township, cr place, at least ten days before the holding of the said session; and the said justices, then and there, from the said lifts, according to their discretion and the large-ness of the parish, township, or place respectively, by warrant and are to no- under their hands and seals, shall nominate or appoint one, or minate such a two, or more of such persons as aforesaid, to be surveyoror number to be surveyors of the highways of every such parish, town ship, of place respectively, for the year ensuing; which nomination and appointment shall, by the constables, headboroughs, or ty-thin^men aforesaid, be notified to the person or persons lb nominated, clvofen, and appointed, by the said justices, with* in three days after such nomination, by serving him or them with the said warrant or warrants, or by leaving the same, or a true copy thereof, at his or their house or houses, or usual place or places of abode; and the person or persons so nominated and appointed, shall be surveyor or surveyors of the highways for the parish, township, or place, for which he or thej shall have been so nominated and appointed, for the year ensuing, and shall take upon him or them, and duly execute, the office aforesaid; and the said justices shall then and there give such of the said surveyors as shall personally appear before them, a charge for the better performance of their duty according to the directions of this act: and if any of the said persons so nominated, and served with the said notice, shall refuse or neglect to appear and accept the said office, if appointed thereto in manner aforesaid, at the said special session, or shall not, within six days after being served with such warrant of'appointment, signify his or their acceptance thereof, either in person, or by writing, to one of the said justices; he or they so refusing or and others are neglecting, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds: and in case to he appoint-of such neglect or refusal as aforesaid, the said justices, oranj two of them, are hereby impowered at the same sessions, or it any time afterwards, to nominate and appoint some other fit person or persons named in the said lift, to perform the said office; who, upon being served with the warrant for his or their appointment, in manner aforesaid, shall, within onq week afterwards, signify to the said justices, or one of than* x either

surveyors, as they shall judge necessary 5

and the constables are to notify such nomination accordingly.

Office of surveyor to be for year\

and the justices are to give them a charge.

Where the persons nominated neglect or refuse to serve, they forfeit 5l.

Cd:

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42! 451

either in person, or by writing, his or their acceptance of the said office; and if he or they neglect or refuse so to do, he or they shall forfeit the like sum of five* pounds respectively: an.^ Jtifinfi? ^rfeit in case no such lift shall be returned, or the person so nomi- s/. ii£cwife. nated and appointed shall not take upon him the said office, or ifno shall die in the execution thereof; the said justices or any two returned, or of them, shall and may nominate and appoint such person or the gerfom persons as he or they shall think proper to execute the same: ordaintheir and if the constables, headboroughs, tythingmen, church-.the wardens, surveyors of the highway, and such houlholders as justices are to aforesaid, of any parish, township, or place, shall neglect or appoint such refuse to make such lift as aforesaid, or if the constables, head- aj^eyth, n* boroughs, or tythingmen, of any parish, township, or place, proper# or some or one of them, shall not return the said lift of names mak-when made, and give such notice or notices, and serve such ing, or return-warrant or warrants, as in this act is directed; every of them ing, such lifts, so neglecting or refuting in any of the said cases, shall, for or giving due every such default respectively, forfeit the sum of forty shillings. notice, «c. to

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if two7*'P*r*|e»-parts out of three of the persons so to be assembled in any such ^ce shall be parish, township, or place, for the nomination of surveyors is makeof a per-aforesaid, shall agree in the choice of any particular person of son of (kiU skill and experience to serve the said office of surveyor for such and P«ri-

}>ari(h, township, or place, and in the settling of a certain salary ^alaiy*or his trouble therein, to be allowed as hereafter directed, and settled for iiis shall return the name of such person, together with the lift here- trouble, in before directed, to the justices of the peace at their said sessions, and he hereto be held on the first Monday in October as aforesaid, or within turned roge-fifteen days after; that then, and in every such case, it shall and |!|£r with the may be lawful for the said justices, if they shall think proper, tp 1 \ appoint such person to be surveyor for such parish, township,*

or place; which surveyor so appointed shall, in all respects, proper, may have the same power and authority, and be liable to the same appoint such penalties and forfeitures for neglect of duty, as if he had been person i chosen and appointed from the lift to be returned as aforesaid: and allow such and the said justices shall likewise, in their discretion, allow*, ary* such salary, so settled as aforesaid (such salary to be paid out of the same to he the penalties, forfeitures, and competition-money, to arise by penaU^&c virtue of this act, within the year ensuing). p

III. And be it further enacted, That no tree, bush, or shrub, No tree or shall be permitted to (land or grow in any highway within the to be al-distance of fifteen feet from the center thereof; but the same oTtoid°wUh! shall be cut down, grubbed up, and carried away, by the; n l5fCet of owner or owners of the land or foil where the same dotli or the center of shall stand or grow, within ten days after notice to him, her, the highway, Or them, or his, her, or their, steward or agent, given, by the forfeiture said surveyors, or any of them, on pain of forfeiting for every Of IOJ# the pegleft, the sum of ten shillings. owner.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the possessors of the Regulations land next adjoining to any highway shall, from time to time, " spid at all times, keep their hedges plaftied, cut, or pruned,

right

A

ground*i

Penalty on default io/.

No stone or other matter so he laid in

452 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42. [1766.

next adjoin- right up from the roots, so as no tree, bush, or lhruby belonging to any ing to (Uch hedge, shall stand or grow in, nor any bought respcdf ^ranc^ of any such trcc (except timber trees, and trees not be-lceeping their ing pollards) be suffered to hangover, any highway, not being hedges, thirty feet broad; and that ditches, drains, or watercourses,

ditches, of a sufficient depth and breadth for the keeping all highways dry,

anc* convey*n8 l^e water from the same, shall be made, scoured, "rfc, f cleansed, and kept open, and fufneient trunks, tunnels, platts, ne!s 1piatts 'or or b^ges, shall be made and laid where any cart-ways lead out bridges, in* ofhc said highways into the lands or grounds adjoining the reto^ proper older. by the occupier or occupiers of such lands or grounds; and

and by the every person or persons who shall occupy any lands or grounds

occupiers of adjoining to, or lying near, such highway through which the adjoining water hath used to pass from the said highway, shall, and is hereby required, from time to time, as often as occasion shall be, to open, cleanse, and scour, the ditches, watercourses, or drains, for such water to pass without obstruction j and that every person making default in any of the matters or things aforesaid, after ten days notice to him, her, or them, given of the same by the said surveyor or surveyors, shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons shall lay in any highway any stone, timber, straw, dung, or the'higbway; other matter; and no person making, scouring, or deanfing, or foil of such ditches or watercourses, shall permit the foil or earth dug ditches; to out of such ditches, drains or watercourses, to remain in such the obstruc- highway, in such manner to obstruct or prejudice the same, d'ice thereof1* for t^e space of ten days; and every person or persons offending on penalty of in either of the said cases, shall, for every offence, forfeit and aojj pay the sum of ten shillings.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any stone, or any

and where any hay, straw, stubble, or other matter, for the making of m*-here& "tol nurc» or on any other pretence whatsoever, not tolerated by rau^Jthairbe ^is act, shall be laid m any highway, within the distance of so laid, within fifteen feet from the centre thereof, whereby the same (1 all b? 15 feet of the any ways obstructed or annoyed, it shall and maybe lawful for centre, the owner or poiTeflor of the lands adjacent, or any other person theacTnCr or Pcr^on8 whatsoever, to clear the said highways, by removing lands may1 said stone, hay, straw, dung, or other matter, and to

remove, have, take, and dispose of, the same to his and their own use. and dispose of the lame to his own use.

camfimr any VII. And, for preventing obstructions in the said highways, Qbftmaion in be it enacted, That if any person shall wilfully, set, place, or the highways leave, any waggon, cart, or any other carriage, or any plough or by carriages, instrument of hufoandry, in any of the said highways (except of only with respect to such waggon, cart, or carriage, during such

reasonable time as the same shall be loading or unloading) so as to interrupt or hinder the free passage of any other carriage, or of his Majesty's subjects; cVcry person so offending shall forfeit Surveyor's the sum of ten shillings.

duty on rak-VIII. And be it further enacted, That the surveyor or fqr-BAga view of VCy0rl of the highways, to be appointed by virtue of this act.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 4a.:

ihal], at such times and seasons as they shall judge proper, view all the roads, common highways, trunks, tunnels, platts, bridges, causeways, and pavements, within the parish, town-ship, or place, for which he or they shall be appointed surveyor or surveyors; and in case he or they shall observe any xiuifances, incroachments, obstructions, or annoyances, made, committed, or permitted, in, upon, or to the prejudice of them, or any of them, contrary to the directions of this act; he or they shall, from time to time, as soon as conveniently may be, give, or cause to be given, to any person or persons, doing, committing, or permitting, the same, personal notice, or notice in writing, to be left at his, her, or their usual places of abode, specifying the particulars wherein such nuisances, defaults, obstructions, or annoyances, consist: and if such nui&nces, obstructions, or annoyances, shall not be removed, and the ditches; drains, gutters, and watercourses aforesaid, effectually made, scoured, cleansed, and opened, and such trunks, tunnels, platts, or bridges, made and laid, and such hedges properly Cut and pruned, within twenty days after such notice of the same respectively given $ then the said surveyor or surveyors shall be, and he and they is and are hereby, fully authorized and impowered, within twenty days afterwards, to remove such nuisances, obstructions, or annoyances, and open, cleanse, and scour, such ditches, gutters, and watercourses, and make or amend such trunks, tunnels, platts, or bridges, and cut and prune such hedges, for the benefit and improvement of the said highways, to the best of his or their (kill and judgement, and according to the true intent and meaning of this act; and the person or persons so neglecting to make, or open and cleanse, such ditches, gutters, or watercourses, or to cut or prune such hedges, during the time aforesaid, after such notice given, shall forfeit, for every foot in length which shall be so neglected, the fuip of one penny; and the said surveyor or surveyors shall be reimbursed what charges and expences he or they shall be at in {p(noving such nuisances, obstructions, or annoyances, and snaking or opening, cleansing and scouring, such ditches, gutters, and watercourses, and in making or amending such trunks, ipnnels, platts, or bridges, and in cutting and pruning such hedges respectively, by the person or persons who ought to have done the same, over and above the said forfeiture: and in case such person or persons shall upon demand, refuse or neglect to pay the said surveyor or surveyors his or their charges and expenses occasioned thereby respectively, then the said surveyor or surveyors shall apply to any justice of the peace as aforesaid; gnd, upon making oath before him of notice being given to the defaulter in manner aforesaid, and of the said work being done by such surveyor of surveyors, and of the expences attending the same, the said surveyor or surveyors shall be repaid by such person or persons all such his or their said charges as shall be allowed to be reasonable by the said justice; or in default of j^yment thereof, on demand| the same shall be levied in such. i manner

453

the (late and condition of the roads and highways within his di« drift, in re-fipeft of nidr lances, iq-croachments, obstructions, or annoyances

wherein be if to give notice te the parties to remove the same 3

and if they neglect, he is to employ men to do it

in which case, the defaulters forfeit \d, ptr foot, over and above the charges to be reimbursed to the surveyor 1

and if not paid on demand, to be levied by war* rant of a jiUtice.

*54

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42. [1765.

manner as the penalties and forfeitures hereby infii&ed are directed to be levied.

Timet of cut-

IX. Provided nevertheless, That no person or persons be ting hedges* compelied, nor any surveyor permitted, by virtue of this act, to cut or prune any hedge at any other time than between the lastnd of fell', nS day of September and the last day of February; and that nothing timber tree*, hcrejn contained shall extend, or be construed to oblige any person or persons to fell any timber trees growing in hedges at any time whatsoever, except where the highways shall be ordered to oak trees, be enlarged as herein after mentioned; or to cut down or grub up any oak trees growing within such highway, or in such Ix.agrowh?g hedges, except in the months of Aprils May, June, or July, in the hedges or any ash, elm, or other trees, in any other months than the or highways, months of December, January, or February.

Surveyor is to X. And be it further enacted, That where the ditches, gut-snake new ters, or watercourses, which have been usually made, or which ditches, are herein before directed to be made, cleansed, and kept open, drains, gut- shall not be sufficient to carry off the water which shall lie upon tercoursesa" an<* annoY the highways; that then, and in every such case, it where the old Hiall and may be lawful for the said surveyor or surveyors (by the are insuffici- order of any one or more of the said justices) to make new ent, and to ditches and drains in and through the said lands or grounds ad-scoured #mC j°*nmS or tying near to such highway, or in and through any cleansed, and other lands or grounds if it shall be necessary, for the more easy opened, and effectually carrying off such water from the said highways;

and also to keep such ditches, gutters, or watercourses, scoured, cleansed, and opened; and the said surveyor or surveyors, and his and their workmen, are hereby authorized to go upon the said with proper lands for the purposes aforesaid: provided that the said surveyor trunks, tun- or surveyors make proper trunks, tunnels, platts, bridges, or bri decsor* arches, over such ditches, gutters, or watercourses, where the arches, over same shall be necessary, for the convenient use and enjoyment of the same* the lands or grounds through which the same shall be made, and, making satis- ^rom time to time, ^eeP the same in repair; and do also make faction to the satisfaction to the owner or occupier of such lands, which are owner &c. not waste or common, for the damages which he, she, or they, of the lands, shall sustain thereby, to be settled and paid in such manner as the damages for getting materials in several or inclosed lands or grounds are hereafter directed to be settled and paid.

Me is to make

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said surveyor or fur-the cartways veyors of the highways shall, and they are hereby required to leading to make every cartway, leading to any market town, twenty feet towns wide at^ground> between the fences inclosing the

feet wide at road, will admit of the same; and, from time to time, to re-least, pair and sustain the same to the breadth aforesaid; and that

and the where horse causeways are used, or shall be judged proper, they horsecause- shall not be less than three feet in breadth, ways 3 feet, & keep the same in repair.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where fctoximAy* ^all aPPcar> upon the view of any two or more of the said order narrow justices of peace, that the ground or foil of any highway between

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42.

tween the fences thereof is not of sufficient breadth, they shall, and are hereby impowered, within their respective jurisdictions, to order the same to be enlarged or widened in such manner as they shall think hr, so that the said highway, when enlarged, shall not exceed thirty feet in breadth; and that the said power do not extend to pull down any house or building, or to take away the ground of any garden, park, paddock, court or yard: and for the satisfaction of the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, who are seized or po defied of, or interested, in their own right, or in trust for any other person or persons, in the said ground that shall be laid into the said highway, the said surveyor or surveyors, under the direction and with the approbation of the said justices, shall, and are hereby impowered to maken agreement with him, her, or them, for the recompence to be made for such ground, and for the making a new ditch and fence on that side of the highway which shall be so enlarged, according and in proportion to their several and respective interests therein; and also with any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, that may be injured by the enlarging such highway, for the satisfaction to be made to him, her, or them, re(pediively, as aforesaid; and if the said surveyor or surveyors, under the direction and with the approbation or the said justices, cannot agree with the said person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or if he, she, or they, cannot be found, or shall re-fufc to treat, or take such recompence and satisfaction as shall be pfTered to them respectively by such surveyor; then the justices of the peace, at any general quarter sessions to be holden for the county, riding, division, city, corporation, precinct, or liberty, wherein such ground shall lie, upon certificate, in writing, signed by the justices making such view as aforesaid, of their proceedings in the premisses, and upon proof of six days notice in writing having been given by the surveyor or surveyors of such parish, township, or place, or one of them, to the owner, occupier, or other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, interested in such ground, or to his, her, or their guardian, trustee, clerk, or agent, signifying an intention toapplyto such quarter sessions for the purpose of taking such ground, shall impanel a jury of twelve disinterested men out of the persons returned, to serve as jurymen at such quarter sessions: and the said jury shall, upon their oaths, to the best of their judgement, assess the damages to be given, and recompence to be made, to the owners and Others interested as aforesaid in the said ground, for their respective interests, as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding thirty years purchase for the clear yearly value of the ground so laid out; and likewise such recompence as they shall think reasonable for the making of a new ditch and fence to that side of the highway that shall be so enlarged; and also satisfaction to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, that may be otherwise injured by the enlarging the said highways: and upon payment or tender of the money so to be awarded and af-iefled, to the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate,

455

roads to be widened to a sufficient breadth.

Surveyor in such cases, under the di« rection, and with the approbation of the said ju-ftiecs, is to make agreement with the owners of the foil, for the recompence; and for making new ditch* es and fences; and if he can't agree, the damage and recompence is to be alfefied by a juryi

and upon payment or tender of the money assess-fed, &c.

'4 5« Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42. [1766.

intitled to receive the same, or leaving it in the hands of the clerk of the peace of such county, riding, division, city, corpora tien, precinct, or liberty, in ca(e such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, cannot be found, or shall refuse to accept a^<Feemeddi-the same for the use of the owner, or of others interested in the vested of their laid ground, the interest of the said person or persons, bodies interest (ex- politick or corporate, in the said ground, shall be for ever diverted out of tl>em; and the said ground, after such agreement or verdict as aforesaid, shall be esteemed and taken to be a publick highway to all intents and purposes whatsoever; saving ne-

cept with regard to certain particulars) and the

ground from vertheless to the owner or owners of such ground, all mines, thenceforth is minerals, and fossils, lying under the same, which can or may ^publick*1* Sot w, thout breaking the surface of the said highway 5 and

highway.

Where there Is not money iuificient for

also all timber and wood growing upon such ground, to be fallen and taken by such owner or owners, within one month after such order shall have been made, or, in default thereof, to be fallen by the said furreyor or surveyors within the respective months aforesaid, and laid upon the land adjoining, for the benefit of the said owner or owners; and where there shall not appear sufficient money in the hands of the surveyor or surveyors for the purposes aforesaid, then the said two justices, in cafo or the said court of quarter sessions, after such* ihrveyor's verdict as aforesaid, shall order one or more assessment or assess"-Kinds, it is to ments to be made, levied, and collected, upon all and every the be raised by occupiers of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the ref-onder of the Pc<^ve parishes, townships, or places, where such highways said justices, foall he, an<* direct the money to be paid to the person or per-or the quarter Tons, bodies politick or corporate, so interested, in such man-sessions* per as the said justices, or court of quarter sessions respectively, shall direct and appoint; and the money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted for according to the order and directi-on of the said justices, or court of quarter sessions respectively, for and towards the purchasing the land to enlarge the said highways, and for the making the said ditches and fences: and the said assessment or assessments, if not paid within ten days after demand, shall, by order of the said justices, or court of quarter sessions respectively, be levied by the said furvevor or surveyors, by distress and sale of the goods of the persons so afiefled, rendering the overplus of the value of the goods so distrained to the owner or owners thereof, the necessary charges of making such distress and sale being first deducted; provided that no such assessment or assessments to be made in any one

!rear shall exceed the rate of (ix pence in the pound of the year-y value of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, so afiefled. If the recom-'XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case such jury shall pence assessed give in and deliver a verdict or assessment for more monies as by the jury be a recommence for the right, interest, or property, of any per-fhatcSferedby ^Dn or P^ons, bodies politick or corporate in such lands or the JUrveyor, grounds, or for the making such fence, or for such damage of injury to be sustained by him, her, or them, respectively, as aforesaid, than what shall hayc been proposed. and offered by

457

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 4l.

1 surveyor, before such application to the said cotart of sessions as aforesaid; that then, and in such case, the the expence of Id expences attending the said several proceedings shall be the proceed-and paid by the surveyor or surveyors of the said high- ina$* " it of the monies in his or their hands, or to be affected Purveyor; C fitd as aforesaid, by virtue, and under the powers, of this ut if such jury (h^ll give and deliver a verdidk or assess- if otfterwife, or no moi*e, or for less, monies than shall have been so the parties re-[ and proposed by the said surveyor, before such applica- pay^fame.

the said court or quarter sessions; that then the said costs p y: pences shall be borne and paid by the person or persons, politick or corporate, who shall have refused to accept th9 pence and satisfaction so offered to him, her, or them, as iid.

f. And be it further enacted, That every surveyor shall surveyor is to iay, from time to time, give information, upon oath, to d justices, or any two or more of them, of all such high- tive highways and of all bridges, causeways, or pavements, upon such bridges, &c. ays, as are out of repair, and ought to be repaired by any* ought to be, or persons, bodies politick or corporate, by reason of L^rticufar ant, tenure, limitation, or appointment of any charita- j^xfoiui t; and the said justices shall limit a time for repairing the of which notice shall be given, by the said surveyor or ors, to the occupier or occupiers of the lands or tene-liable to the burthen of such repairs, or to such other i or persons, bodies politick or corporate, as are charge-rith the same: and if such repairs shall not be effectually measures to within the time so limited, the said justices shall and arc h t?k.Tl f required to present such highways so out of repair, toge-nth the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, to repair the same, at the next general quarter sessions of ace for the county, riding, division, city, corporation, dl, or liberty, wherein such highway shall lie; and the s at such quarter sessions may, if they fee just cause, di- ic prosecution to be carried on at the general expence of county, riding, division, city, corporation, precinct, or h and to be paid out of the general rates within such idion.

r. And be it further enacted, That every justice of assize, justices of aG-i of the counties palatine of Chester* Lancaster, and Z)«r- and ju-and of the great sessions in Wales and justice of the peace, lave authority by this Statute, upon his or their own view, t'Q he justice of the peace, upon information upon oath to presentments*[iven by any surveyor or surveyors of any highways respect to the affixes,

to make presentment at their respective assizes, or great is, or in the open general quarter sessions of such respect j}on9, tf^y ounty, riding, division, city, corporation, precinct, or li- defective, of any highway, causeway, or bridge, not well and fuf- highways, tly repaired and amended, or of any other default or of-committed and done contrary to the provision and intent any other dc-it Statute; and that all defc&s in the repair thereof shall be faults or of-

presented

this act 3

458 Atino septimo Georgii III. c. 4a.

[1766.

fender*against presented in such jurisdiction where the same do lie* and not elsewhere; and that no such presentment, nor any indiftmcpt for any such default or offence* shall be removed by Cirtiorariy or otherwise, out of such jurisdiction, till such indictment or presentment betraversed, and judgement thereupon given, except where the duty or obligation of repairing the said highways, causeways, or bridges, may come in question; and that every such presentment made by any such justice of assize, counties palatine, great sessions, or or the peace, upon his own view, or upon such information having been given to such justice of the peace upon the oath of such surveyor of the highways as aforesaid, shall be as good, and of the same force, firength, and effect, in the law, as if the same had been presented and found by the oaths of twelve men; and that for every such default or offence so presented as aforesaid, the justices of assize, counties palatine, and great feiGons, at their respective courts, and the justices of the peace at their general quarter sessions, shall have authority to assess such fines as to them saving to the shall be thought meet: saving to every person and persons that persons affect- shall be aflfefted by any such presentment, his, (her, or their lgw-fui traverse to the same presentment, as well with respect to the salt of non-repair, as to the duty or obligation of repairing the said highways, as they might have had upon any indictment of the same* presented and found by a grand jury; and the justices of the peace at their general quarter fefliQns, or the major part of them (such major part not being less than five) may, if they fee just cause, direct the prosecution upon such presentments as shall be made at the quarter sessions as aforesaid, to be carried on at the general expence of such county, riding, division, city, corporation, precinct, or liberty, and to be paid out of the general rates within such jurisdiction.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said justices of the peace, at any special sessions to be held by virtue of this act, may by writing under their hands and seals, order and appoint those roads which do most want repair, within their jurisdiction, to be first amended, and at what time, or in what manner* the that most want same shall be performed; according to which order (if such there be) all and Angular the respective surveyors of the said highways are hereby required to proceed within their respective liberties.

and to assess thereupon, such fine* as they thatl think meet;

ed, their lawful traverse to such presentments.

Justices, at their special sessions, may order those roads to be first repaired

Complaint of

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be neglect of lawful for the said justices, or any two or more of them, with-duty. Sic. in in their respective jurisdictions, upon complaint made to them may^Tcn- any person or persons, upon oath, against any surveyor or quiredintoby surveyors, for any neglect or default made in the performance two justices, of his or their duty required by this act, to summon such fur-whomaymake veyor or surveyors to appear before them at such time and place Aereuponas 1S ^ey aPP°*nt by such summons; and then and there to shall be necef- examine and inquire into the same, upon oath, and to make fery, such order for the enforcing of this act, and the powers and authorities hereby given, as to them shall seem meet.

XVIII. M

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42. 459

xviii. And) for the better convenience of travellers ml highways meet, be it further enacted, That the said junices, at ibme special sessions to be held for the purposes of this act, direction shall issue their precept to the furvpyor or surveyors of the high- to be let^ways, in the parish, township, or place, where several high- up where &-ways meet, and there is no proper or sufficient direction poll or veraI hl^m (lone already fixed or erected, requiring them forthwith to cause wa*mce*to be erected or fixed in the moil convenient place where such ways meet, a Hone or poll, with an inscription thereon, in large legible letters, containing the name or names of the next market town or towns, or other considerable place, to which the said highways respectively lead; and also at the several ap- and at the ap* proaches or entrances to such parts of any highways as are sub- faro^cheststo jed to deep or dangerous floods, graduated Hones, or pods, arc subject to denoting the depth of water in the deepest part of the same; deep or dan-and likewise such direction polls or Hones as the said juHices gerous Roods, shall judge to be necessary, for the guiding of travellers in the "hcrenc-befl and fafeH trad through the said floods or waters; and the guiding tni-said surveyor or surveyors shall be reimbursed the expences of in the providing and erecting the lame respectively, out of the mo- bed and safest nies which shall be received by him or them, pursuant to the tra<^> directions of this act: and in case any surveyor or surveyors shall, by the space of three months after such precept to him or |c<^ng them dtreded and delivered, neglect or refute to cause any such fjjU Hone or poH to be fixed as aforesaid; every such offender shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings.

XIX. And, for the better repairing and keeping in repair the said Surveyor Im-bighways, and providing of materials for that purpose, be it epaded, That it mall and may be lawful to and for every surveyor to be appointed as aforesaid, to take and carry away, or cause the highway* to be taken and carried away, Co much of the rubbish, or re- from any _ fuse Hones of any quarry or quarries, lying and being within the parish, township, or place, where they shall be surveyors (except such as shall have been got by the surveyor of any turn- grounds, ii-pike road) without the licence of the owner or owners of such vers, or quarries, as they shall judge necessary for the amendment of the brooks; laid highways, but not to dig or get Hone in such quarry, without leave of the owner thereof; and also that it shall and may be lawful for every such surveyor or surveyors, for the use aforesaid, in any common or waste land or ground, river or brook, therein, within the parish, township, or place, where he or they shall be surveyor or surveyors, or within any other parish, township, or place, wherein gravel, land, chalk, stone, or other materials, are respectively likely to be found, to search for, dig, and get the same; so that the said surveyors do not thereby prejudice or damage any building, highway, or ford, nor dig or get the same out of any river or brook within the dillance of one hundred feet above or below any bridge, nor within the like distance of any pond, dam, or wear; and likewise to gather hones lyingupon any lands or grounds within the parish, township,

Vr place, where such highway shall he, for such service and purpose;

460 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42. [1766.

and to take and carry away so much of the said materials as, by the discretion of the said Purveyor or surveyors, shalljbe.thought necessary to be employed in the amendment of the Cud highways, without making any satisfaction for the same, and where fuf-

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be ficient can't be lawful for every such surveyor or surveyors for the use aforesaid, had in such to search for, dig and get, sand, gravel, chalk, (lone, or other From private mater*a^5 (if fumcient cannot conveniently be had within such grounds^ commons or waste lands) in any of the several or indofed lands or grounds of any person or persons whomsoever, within the pan(h, township, or place, for which he or they shall be appointed surveyor or surveyors as aforesaid, (not being a garden, yard, avenue to a house, lawn, park, paddock, or inaofed plantation) and to take and carry away so much of the said materials as, by the discretion of the said surveyor or surveyors, shall be thought necessary to be imployed in the admendment of the said making such highways; the said surveyor or farvevors making such (atisfac-satisfaction to tien for the damage to be done to fuen lands or grounds by the the owners as getting and carrying away the same, as shall be agreed upon be-Shall be agreed twccn him or them, and the owner, occupier, or other person p0Ilf interested in such lands or grounds, in the presence, and with the approbation, of two or more substantial inhabitants of such efr otherwise, Par*» township, or place: and in case they cannot agree, then as the justices such satisfaction and recompence shall be settled and ascertained shall direct. by order of one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, corporation, predndt, or liberty, where such land or ground shall lie. expences in-

XXI. And whereas in same parishes, townjhits, or places, there curred b y fur- may not he sufficient materials for the repair of the highways within wsjors in ef- the famey nor within the commons or waste lands of any other tariff feeling the township, or place, lying within a convenient distance from such high-

aforesaid, are waf > h reason whereof the surveyor or surveyors of such highway' to be reim- tnay be forced to buy such materials, and to make recommence and buried by a satisfaction to the owner or occupier of indofed lands, for damage !* 1chc ( whuh may be done by getting thereof: and whereas no provijum is

the place,°* ma^e f0* ra*fin& a fu*dt0 reimburse the expences which the said surveyors may incur by erefling guide polls, and by rendering satisfaQir* for damages done to lands by the mating new ditches or drains; be it therefore enacted, That upon application by such surveyor or surveyors, to the justices of the peace at their special sessions, and oath made of the sum or sums of money which he or they have or hath bona fide laid out and expended for the purposes aforesaid, the said justices, or any two of them, shall, and are hereby empowered, by warrant under their hands and seals, to cause an equal rate to be made, for the reimbursing the said fur-yeyor or surveyors such sum or (urns of money, upon all die occupiers of lands, tenements, ?nd hereditaments, within such parish, township, or place, where such money shall be so ex-according to Pended or laid out, according to the rules and methods prescrib-the rule* pre- ed in an act of parliament made in the forty third year of the (bribed in aft reign of the late queen Mfizabeth) intituled An off for the rduf J Eliz. 0^of

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42. 461;

0/the poor, which rate, being confirmed and allowed by the said justices, shall be collected by the said surveyor or surveyors of the highways; and if any person or persons refuse to pay the money so assessed on him or them, that then the same shall be levied by the said surveyor or surveyors, by distress and sale of the goods and chattles of the person or persons so refusing, rendering to the party the overplus (the reasonable charges of making such distress being first deduced.)

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any such surveyor, Rule, to be or person employed by him, shall, by reason of the searching observed by for, digging, or getting, any gravel, sand, stones, chalk, or other surveyors and materials, for repairing any highways, make, or cause to be^to^he made, any pit or hole in any such lands or grounds, rivers, or fencing, filling brooks, as aforesaid, wherein {pch materials shall be found; up, and flop-such surveyor, person or persons, shall forthwith cause the same P, nS h.olfe» to be sufficiently fenced off, and such fence supported and re- ^, lCfor, or" paired during such time as the said pit or hole shall continue getting ma-open; and shall, within three days after any such pit or hole terials for re-Shall be opened or made where no gravel, stone, or materials, Pai of the shall be found, cause the same to be forthwith filled up and le-roads* veiled; and where any such materials shall be found, within fourteen days after having dug up sufficient materials in such pit or hole, cause the same to be filled up, (loped down, or fenced off, and so continued: and in case such surveyor, person or Forfeiture for persons, shall neglect to fill up, (lope down, or fence off, such every neglect pit or hole, in manner, and within the time, aforesaid; he or default they shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings for every such default: and Xr anV" and in case such surveyor or surveyors, person or persons, shall default after neglect to fence off such pit or hole, or to (lope down the same, as notice, herein before directed, for the space of ten days after he or they shall have received notice for either of those purposes from any justice of peace, or from the owner or occupier of such several ground, river, or brook, or any person having right of common within such common or waste lands as aforesaid, and such neg-Icdt and notice shall be proved upon oath before one or more of the said justices of the peace; such surveyor, person or persons, afum not left shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less^0* than forty shillings, for every such neglect, to be determinedi.m°rC and adjudged by such justice or justices, and to be laid out and to be applied applied in the fencing off, filling up, or (loping down, such pit to the aboie or hole, and toward the repair of the roads in the parish, town- PurP°k*« ship, or place, where the offence shall be committed, in such manner as the said justice or justices shall direct and appoint; which forfeiture, in case the lame be not forthwith paid, shall be levied as other forfeitures are herein after directed to be levied.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said surveyor or Regulation* surveyors to be appointed as aforesaid, together with the inha-w«b regard to bitants and occupiers of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, f*ature within each parish, township, or place, shall, at proper seasonsln ^ncrall* in every year, use their endeavours for the repair of the highways, and shall be chargeable thereunto as followeth; that ishoveveryper-VOL. XXVII. H h to r°n "^be ra-

461 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 4*r [1766.

ted) the num* to say, every person keeping a team, draught, or plough, in iiidt l>Cr k^heT/to P3*"* township, or place, shall, six days in every year, to be perform / and computed from Michaelmas to Michaelmas, find and fend, on the number of every day, and at every place, to be appointed by the surveyor hours in each or surveyors for the amending the highways in such parish,*?' township, or place, one wain, can, or carriage, furaished after the custom of the country, with oxen, horses, or other cattle, and all other necessaries meet to carry things convenient far that purpose, and also two able men with each wain, cart, or carriage respectively; and every person occupying lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, or above, shall, in like manner, fend one wain, cart, or carriage, furnished with not less than three horses, or (bur oxen and one horse, or two oxen and two horses, and two able men to each wain, cart, or carriage (except in those parts of this kingdom where carts with tingle horses, are generally used; and in such places every such person shall, in like manner, fend two carts, with one horse and one able man to each cart) and in like manner for every fifty pounds per annum respectively which be, (he, or they, shall so occupy in such parish, township, or place; and shall likewise find and fend one sufficient labourer, for every tea pounds per annum which he, (lie, or they shall occupy, above the annual value of fifty pounds, and lese than one hundred pounds; and so for every ten pounds that each progressive and intermediate annual value of ten pounds shall foil Siort of the further increase of fifty pounds; and every person or perfaos occupying lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in any parish, township, or place, of the yearly value of ten pounds, and under the yearly value of fifty pounds, who shall not keep such team, draught, or plough, shall find and fend one sufficient labourer for every ten pounds per annum which he, she, or they shall so occupy, upon every of the said days, and at every place so to be appointed by the said (brve For or surveyors as. aforefcidj and every person or persons n it keeping a team, draught, or plough, but occupying lands, 'iementsr 6r hereditaments under the yearly value often pddb<ls, in ever parish, tawriship, or place, and also every man inhabiting therein respa^ivdy, and being of the age of eighteen, and under the >age of sixty five years, not being an apprentice or menial fcrjMUf nor haring performed the said duty, or paid the compolifao'for the same, in any other parish, tf.wnship, or place, for that Vtear, shall by j themselves, or one sufficient labourer for every of them, upoo i every of the said days on which they shall be called forth by the j said surveyor or surveyors, together with the said other labour- ers, work and laboursn the amendment of the said highways,! power to they shall be directed by such surveyor or surveyors: and tf the change cam- said carriages, or any of them, shall hot be thought needful by the surveyor or surveyors, on any of the said days) then ever/ I needful by the such person, who Should have sent and found any such carnage, surveyor i shall, according to the notice to be given as herein after dualized, fend unto the said work for every carriage (pared, three

aMc

I

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42I 463

able men, there to labour, as aforesaid, or pay to the said fur- or a certain vsyor or surveyors the sum of four shillings and iix pence, in lieu f11t0 he paid thereof; and all such persons as aforesaid shall respectively have such mento*and bring with them such (hovels, spades, picks, mattocks, and furnish their other tools, and instruments, as are useful and proper for the own tools, purposes aforesaid; and all the said persons and carriages shall diligently perform the work and labour to which they shall be appointed by such surveyor or surveyors, for eight hours in every of the said days, within such parish, township, or place, or in getting and carrying materials in and from any other parish, township, or place, to be employed in the repair of the highways of the parish, township, or place, for which they shall be required to perform such duty and labour as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every such surveyor Duty of furor surveyors shall, from time to time, give to, or cause to be v?y?r*» in left at the house or usual place of abode of, every person or per- notice tob/ Tons so liable to perform such duty or labour as aforesaid, four persons liable days notice at the lead of the day, hour, and place, upon which to perform each of the said day's duty shall be required to be performed; Aatute-work. and every person or persons making default in finding and fend- Defaulters, af-ing each wain, cart, or carriage, furnished as aforesaid, and such

able men with the same, or in performing the said duty, at the per diem time and place, and in the manner before directed, or in paying for each car-the composition for the same, as herein after mentioned, shall, riageandman For every such default or neglect, forfeit the sum of ten shillings; to

and every person or persons making default in fending any such ^nd labourers labourer, or in performing such labour, at the time and place, x*. 6d. per and in the manner, before directed, or in paying such compo- diem, fition-money for the same as herein after mentioned, shall, for every such neglect, forfeit the sum of one shilling and six pence; and the said surveyor or surveyors, shall fairly and equally de- ^u^t^he mand and require such duty and labour, from every person or persons liable to perform the same, according to the directions equally de-aforesaid, without favour or partiality to any person or persons manded whomsoever; and the said surveyor or surveyors, or one of anVfm*-them, may and shall, and he and they is and are hereby re- f^res.wkb-quired, within twenty one days after every such default made in 21 days af-in performance of such duty or labour as aforesaid, or paying ter default, such composition-money for the same respectively as herein after mentioned, to proceed for the recovery of the penalty or forfeiture hereby inflicted for the same respectively, in manner herein after directed.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Tenns on person or persons liable to perform the said duty by fending a which the fe-wain, cart, or carriage, with men, horses, or oxen, in manner Person, aforesaid, shall and may compound for the same, if he, she, or son^Statute-they, shall think fit, by paying to the said surveyor or surveyors, work, may be or one of them at lean, two days before the first day on which admitted to such duty shall by such notice be required to be performed, such compound for sum or (urns of money as the justices of the peace for the coun- lhc ame" ty, riding, division, city, corporation, precinct, or liberty, where-

H h 2 'in

464 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42^ [1766.

in -such parish, township, or place, shall be, or the major part of them, at their said special sessions, to be held on the fijft Monday in October, or within fifteen days next following, m every year, shall adjudge and declare to be reasonable, not exceeding six shillings, nor less than three shillings, for each day; and in default of their adjudging and declaring the same, the sum of four shillings and six pence, for and in lieu of every such day's duty; and that any person or persons liable to fend a labourer or labourers in respect of his, her, or their occupying lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the yearly value often pounds or upwards, by such progression as aforesaid, shall and may compound for the same, if he, she, or they, shall think fit, by paying to the surveyoror surveyors, or one of them, for every ten pounds per annum, the sum ot eight pence; and every house-holder, or other person or persons, occupying lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under the yearly value of ten pounds, and above the yearly value of three pounds, shall and may compound for the same, if he, (lie, or they, shall think fit, by paying to the said surveyor or surveyors, or one of them, the sum of six pence; and every other inhabitant liable to perform such duty or labour as aforesaid, shall and may compound for the same, if he, (lie, or they, shall think fit, by paying to the said surveyor or surveyors or one of them, the sum of four pence* for and in lieu of every such day's duty or labour respectively, at lead two days before the first day on which fifch duty or labour shall, by such respective notices, be so required to be performed, duty c-f fur-

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the re*Xr#!p5" re- survey°r or surveyors of every parish, township, or place, where imtteeoFthe^ r^c number of inhabitants liable to perform such duty shall con-time and fid of two hundred persons or upwards, shall, on the first or place of ad- second Sunday in January in every year, cause ten days notice at the lead to be given in the church or chapel of such parish, township, or place, of the time and place when and where the persons inclined to compound for the said duty, in manner aforesaid, may pay their commoney; and all and every person or persons who shall pay the composition authorized and allowed by this act, pursuant to such notice, shall be discharged from the performance of such duty, and the forfeitures hereby imposed for his, her, or their default therein; and that, in such parish, township, or place, where such notice shall be given as aforesaid, no composition shall be permitted, unless the same shall be paid at the day, or within the time, to be cx-Regulations pressed in such notice: but in cases where the occupation of with re'pest to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be changed, or ©ecu^Scm cf any new 0CCUPant or inhabitant shall come to reside in such pliant See. or ri^> township, or place, after the time appointed for such pay-new inhabi- ment; then the person or persons occupying such lands, tenc* tints. ments, or hereditaments, or so residing in such parish, town-

ship, or place, shall be allowed to compound in manner aforesaid; provided he, file, or they, shall pay the said composition-money to the said surveyor or surveyors, or one of them, within

mitting per Tons to compound.

Co'rtipofitlon-r oney Jto be duly paid.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42' 465

fourteen days after he, she, or they, shall enter upon such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or shall come to reside in such parish, township, or place.

XXVII. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted, That Persons occu-nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to ex- la*fv€ tend, to oblige any person or persons keeping a team, draught, or plough, as aforesaid, and not occupying lands, tenements, are not obligor hereditaments, above the yearly value of fifty pounds, to find ed to find, or and fend, or compound for, more than one wain, cart, or car- compound riage, with men to attend the same, in manner as above direeft- T°]?a?r*aa ed: and that if any person or persons shall keep any team, Team or draught, or plough, or any part thereof, for part of the year in plough, kept one parish, township, or place, and for part of the year in ano- for parrot the ther parish, township, or place; the duty shall be performed by inone such team, draught, or plough, in the parish, township, or ^partln an* place where such person or persons, shall usually reside. other, the dul

ty to be performed where the person usuallyrefides*

XXVIII. And whereas by several acts of parliament concerning Where com-turnpike roads, a certain part of the duty called Statute-duty, is or P0^0*1 A?al1 may be directed to be performed on such roads; and it may happen in statu^duty some places that the several persons liable thereto may have compounded a proportion for the fame\ be it therefore further enacted, That in all such thereof is to cases the surveyor or surveyors of the highways of the parish, bc Pajj to the township, or place, where such composition shall have been or* if part made, shall pay to the irtafurer or surveyor of such turnpike of fuci/duty roads a certain part of the composition-money so received, toistobeper-be proportioned according to the number of day's duty which formed on the such person or persons was or were liable to perform on such turnpike road.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if upon application where the of the surveyor or surveyors of the highways for any parish, general or township, or place, to the justices of the peace for the county, Suart![ riding, division, city, corporation, precinct, or liberty, wherein fa°r"sficda Upon such parish, township, or place, lieth, at their general or quar- tjJ appficati-ter sessions of the peace, the said justices, or the major part of on of the fur*

them, shall be fully satisfied, by proof upon oath, that the duty veyor,

hereby directed to be performed, and the money hereby autho- an^i^ne* rized to be collected and received, has been performed, applied, {Ja?e been*and expended, according to the directions of this act; or shall faithfully ap-be fully satisfied that the common highways, bridges, causeways, plied j streets, or pavements* belonging to such parish, township, or ?ftbat the place, are so far out of order that they cannot be sufficiently amen- budge^cause-ded and repaired, paved, cleansed, "and supported, by the means ways, streets, herein before prescribed (notice being first given of such intend- or pavements, ed application at the church or chapel of such parish, township, can't be sufficU oir place, on some Sunday preceeding such quarter sessions) that*

then, and in any of the said cases, one or more assessment or means before assessments upon all and every the occupiers of lands, tenements, prescribedi and heVeditaments, within any such parish, township, or place, "oticeisto shall or may be made, levied, and collected, by such person and fhefeo?1 persons, and allowed in such manner, as the said justices, byamiaffeflr.

H h 3 their menu are to

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42; f 17661

be made accordingly for those purposes j

their order at such sessions, shall direct and appoint in that behalf; and the money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted for according to the orders and directions of the faM justices, for and towards the amending, repairing, paving, cleaning, and supporting, such highways, causeways, streets, pavements, and bridges, from time to time, as need shall re-to be levied by quire 5 and the said assessments shall, by virtue of a warrant falftrCft^under the hand and seal of one justice of the peace, be levied

a e: by distress and sale of the goods of every person so atsessed, and

not paying the same within ten days after demand; rendering the overplus of the value of the goods so distrained to the owner and owners thereof, the necessary charges of making such dif-n.f.tress and sale being first deduced.

affeflbieiiti

XXX. Provided nevertheless, That no such afie(Tment or are not to ex- assessments, to be made in any one year, shall exceed the rate 6d in the of six pence in the pound of the yearly value of the lands, tene-

pound, in any ments? and hereditaments, so assessea.

Ncffine &c

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no fine, issue, pe-fornot repair-na^y> or forfeiture, for not repairing the highways, or not ap* ing the high- pearing to any indictment or preferment for not repairing the ways, or ap- same, shall hereafter be returned into the court of Exchequer, Siftmnts* or" or ot^er courti hut shall be levied by, and paid into the hands of, presentments such person or persons residing in or near the parifl), township, 'or place, where the road shall lie, as the court, imposing such fines, issues, penalties, or forfeitures, shall order and direct, to be applied towards the repair and amendment of such highways; and if any fine, issue, penalty, or forfeiture, to be mipoted on any such parish, township, or place, for not repairing the court directs, highways, or not apearing as aforesaid, shall hereafter be levied roaTlie^and on any onc or more, nhabitants of such parish, township,

applied there- or P*ace> that then such inhabitant or inhabitants shall and may to make his or their complaint to the justices of the peace, at their

Method of special sessions; and the said justices, or any two of them, are hereby impowered and authorized, by warrant under their imEurfing " hands and seals, to cause a rate to be made, according to the such of the in- form and manner herein last before prescribed, for the reim-habitants on burfing such inhabitant or inhabitants the monies so levied oa such^ne y&c or them, as aforesaid; which rate so made and confirmed shall be levied, ty any two justices, shall be collected and levied by the surveyor or surveyors of the highways of such parish, township, or place, so presented or indicted as aforesaid; and the said surveyor or surveyors, shall, within one month next after the making and confirming the rate aforesaid, collect, levy, and pay, unto such inhabitant or inhabitants, the money so levied on him or them as aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the surveyor or surveyors of the highways for every parish, township, or place, shall carefully and diligently collect all the rates, forfeitures, pe-ti^andcom na^cs* an(* compositions, directed and allowed to be received potions; and anc* taken by virtue of this act; and shall keep one or more book keep hi* ac- or books, in which fyc or they shall fairly enter an account of

for the same to be returned into the Exchequer; but to be levied as the

Surveyors to collect all a rates, fortei-

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c.

all such money as shall have come to his or their bands by vir- cooatsaccord-

tqe and for the purposes of this act, and to whom and on what h*

occasion he or they shall have disposed of the same; and shall pi-cfaibedj

also enter in such book or books a list or lists of all such sums of money as shall then remain due and owing from any person or persons in respect of the payments, compositions, rates, assessments, penalties, or forfeitures, to be collected, received, or taken, for and in respect of the said highways, by virtue of this

alt: and the said surveyor or surveyors shall also enter in the said book or books an account ot all tools, materials, implements, and other things, provided for the repair of the said high*

ways, at the public expence of such parish, town ship, or place: and is to pro-

and every such surveyor or surveyors shall, at the said special duce the same

sessions to be held on the first Monday in October, or within (if- ^jhvceJV^, CC8»

teen days after, as aforesaid, in every year, produce such book tj, em upo

or books to the justices of the peace attending such sections; and oath;

shall then and there verify the several entries therein on oath, before the said justices; and shall then, or within fourteen days and after-after such sections, deliver the said book or books, together with wards deliver all such sums of money as shall remain in his or their hands, th.e and likewise all tools, materials, implements, and other things, i^nceand"-as aforesaid, to the succeeding surveyor or surveyors for such pa- other articles, rift), township, or place: and it shall and may be lawful for such to his succes-(ucceeding surveyor or surveyors, and they are hereby respective- foV£hoJ# to iy required to recover, collelt, and receive, all such sums of^1*16 money which shall be due and owing as aforesaid, by all such ways and means, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as the preceding surveyor or surveyors could, might, or ought to have recovered, collected, or received the same: and and not con-in case such surveyor or surveyors shall neglelfc to provide such forming to the t>ook or books, or to enter such respective accounts and lifts therein, or to deliver the said book or books, and such tools, feitTcl/ or" materials, implements, and other things as aforesaid, to the succeeding surveyor or surveyors, he or they shall, for every such oflfence, forfeit the sum of five pounds: and in case he or they and making shall make default in the payment of the money so remaining in default in his hands, within the time, and according to the directions fhemoneyCin aforesaid, he or they shall forfeit double the value of such money, his bands,

forfeits double the sum.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any lands Regulations, have been or shall be given for the maintenance of causeways, withrespectto pavements, highways, and bridges, all such persons that are or lands given IKoII be enfeoffed or trusted with any such lands, shall let them n"

to farm at the most improved yearly value without fine; and causeways, that the justices of the peace in their open sections shall and may pavements, inquire, by such ways and means as they shall think fitting, nighways, into the value of all such lands so given, or to be given; and or- bridges, der the improvement and employment of the rents and profits thereof, according to the will and direction of the donor of such lands, if they find that the persons so intruded have been negligent or faulty in the performance of their trust (except such lands

H h 4 as i

Penalty of pulling up, removing, or

Anno septimo Georgii III. 0/42^ [1766.

as have been given for the uses aforesaid to any college or hall in either of the universities.of this kingdom which have visitors of their own) any law, statjute, usage, or custom, to the contra*

ry notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And whereas in some places it hath been, and may if, found necessary to secure horse causeways and foot causeways to travel.a.-upon, in public highways, by posts, blocks, or great ft ones*fixt in the poftsf*C# the ground^ or by banks of earth cajl up, or otherwise, from bang blocks, banks, broken up andfpoiled with waggons, wains, carts, or carriages: and Sec. set up for forasmuch as several evil-di/pcfed persons do wilfully or wantonly puE the security of upf cut Jown^ and remove, the said pojls, blocks, and great stones, ft causeways i°0t fixe^ 05 aforesaid, and also dig and cajl down the said banks, which*are the securities and defence of the said causeways, whereby the cause-

or the para- ways are often ruined and destroyed; and such evil-disposed persons pets or battle- may break, damage, or throw down, the stones, bricks, or wood, fixed ments of upon the parapets or battlements of bridges, and may pull down, de» ftonfs^ordi-'obliterate, or deface, any mile-stone orpojlgractuated, or dim-region poitsj tien-post or stone, ere fled, or to be ere fled, upon any highway: For it a sum not prevention thereof, be it enacted, That every person who OiaU CXCCur ng 5*' Suilty any °ffence shall, upon complaint thereof made

ios.*tlUn to any justice of peace of the county, riding, division, city,

0*corporation, precinct, or liberty, where the same shall be proved

to be done, by the oath of any one credible witness, or upon view of the justice himself, forfeit, for every of the said offences, or being com- any not exceeding five pounds, nor less than ten shillings; mitted to hard or be committed to the house of correction of such county, riding,

labour, and wkipt.

division, city, corporation, precinct, or liberty, there to be whipped, and kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor lcfs than seven days, at the discretion of such justice.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any surveyor of the highways, after his acceptance of the said office, shall neglect his duty in any thing required of him by this act, for which no particular penalty is imposed; he shall forfeit, for every such otJierwifepro- offence, any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than ten vided for in shillings; at the discretion of the justice or justices having juris-the act. diction therein.

Penalty on surveyor'* neglect of duty, in in-fiances not

Justices of the

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the justices of peace peace impow- of all cities, corporations, boroughs, and other places, are here-cred to put in by impowered to put in execution every part of this act within execution their respectvc jurisdictions.

this act.^

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no person or per* No fee to be fons shall receive any sum of money or fee whatsoever of any taken of fur- surveyor or surveyors of the highways, for the oath taken, or coonti|C" on account g, ven> by them, at such special sessions as aforesaid; and penalty of sol.^any person or persons shall receive any such sum of money or fee, he shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

XXXVIII. And whereas the highways, not being turnpike roads, are much prejudiced by the narrowness of t/>e wheels of the several carriages travelling thereon, and by the excessive burthens loaded in Regulations, fab carriage be it enacted, That no waggon, paving the foie VftnrefpcClto-of

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42; 469

or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of less breadth than nine the number of inches, shall go or be drawn with more than fix horses; and £road ^lur-that no cart, having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheeled*wheels thereof of less breadth than nine inches, shall go or be waggons and drawn with more than four horses; and that no waggon, having carts are al-the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of the breadth ^rawiwiAaii nine inches, shall go or be drawn with more than eight horses; the highways, and that no cart, having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of the breadth of nine inches, shall go or be drawn with more than five horses, respectively, upon such highways; un- AUfupernti-der the pains, penalties, and forfeitures, herein after mentioned meiwhorfes (that is to say) that the owner or driver, of such waggon or cart fer^\^for* respectively, shall forfeit and lose all the horses above the num- therwhh their ber hereby so respectively limited as aforesaid, with all gears, gears. Scc. bridles, haiters, and accoutrements, to the sole use and benefit of any person or persons who shall seize or distrain the same.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no waggon, Waggoiufhod having the wheels bound with (breaks or tire of a less breadth with narrow than two inches and an half when worn, or being set or fattened on with rose-headed nails, shall go or be drawn with more than headed nail* three horses; and that every owner or driver of any such waggon not to be shall forfeit and lose all such horses above the number of three, drawn by with all gears, bridles, haiters, and accoutrements, to the foie than

use and benefit of any person or persons who shall seize or di- f^fy^re

drain the same of the Taper-

numerary horses, &c.

XL. Provided also, That the regulations herein before Carriagesex-mentioned, concerning the number of horses and wheels of car- cepted out of riages, shall not be deemed or construed to extend to carts, wag- 1rc*

gons, or other carriages, employed only in carrying any one 8 done, block of marble, or piece of metal or timber; or to such ammunition or artillery as shall be for his Majesty's service; nor shall be deemed or construed to extend to carts, waggons, or other carriages, employed only in husbandry, or manuring of land; or in carrying of only hay, straw, fodder, or corn un-ihreftied, till Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine.

XLI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. Rules to be That any person or persons who shall make any seizure or observed, with distress, for any of the forfeitures or penalties hereby incurred, shall deliver the horse or horses, or other things, so seized or di-distre^a drained, into the custody of the constable, headborough, tyth- made for for-ingman, or some other officer of the parish, township, or place, feitures or where such distress or seizure is made, or of the next parish, ^"*111-township, or place (who are hereby required to receive into their cu custody, and safely to keep the same) till the person or persons who made such distress or seizure shall make proof upon oath, before some justice of the peace, of the offence committed, which he or they is and are hereby required to make within six days after such seizure or distress; or, in default thereof, such boric or ether thing shall be delivered to the owner thereof, and the

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 421 [1766.

the person making such seizure shall pay such reasonable charges to the constable or other officer for the keeping and securyig thereof, as the said justice or justices shall allow and direct; and the said justice or justices, before whom such proof is made, are hereby required to issue their precept to such constable or other officer, immediately to deliver the horse or horses, or other things, so forfeited, to the part) or parties who seized or distrained the same, to and for his and their sole use and benefit; paying such reasonable charges for keeping and securing thereof, as the said justice or justices shall allow and direct: and every person making seizure of any such horse or other thing, and not prosecuting such seizure within the time and in manner aforesaid, shall forfeit to the owner of such horse or other thing the sum of forty shillings for every such seizure.

XLII. Andy for ike better discovtryof offenders against this present act, be it enacted, That the owner of every waggon, wain, All waaffo&s or cart* P*ace» write* 01 paint, or cause to be placed, writ-waint, and ten, or painted, upon some conspicuous part of his waggon, carts, to have wain, or cart, before he or she shall use or drive the same upoa the owner's any public highway, his or her christian and fumame, and the rainune, and pjacc Of or in iarge legible letters, and continue

bode, painted same thereupon so long as such waggon or cart shall be ufei on some con- upon any such highway: and if any person or persons shall neg-ffiicuous part left the same, or place, write, or print, or cause to be placed, written, or printed, any false or fiditious name or place of abod^ onpenalty of on fuel* waggon, wain, or cart; he or she shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of twenty shillings.

The driver of

XLIII. And whereas many bad accidents happen, and great mf

any cart or chiefs are frequently donfy upon the streets and higbioays, by the neg-

dray riding Ugence or wilful misbehaviour of persons driving carriages thereon \ any^xe^or* li therefore farther enacted, That if the driver of any cart, highway, car, dray, or waggon, shall ride upon any such carriage in any without hav- street or highway, not having fomt other person on foot or on ing some per- horseback to guide the lame (such carriages as are respectively o*ohorfc- drawn by one horse only, or by two horses abreast, and are con-back to guide ducted by some person holding the reins of such horse or horses, the same; excepted) or if the driver of any carriage whatsoever, on any (Ejoeptiou) part Of any street or highway, shall, by negligence or wilful mil-: Sany carri-<r ^ha^our, cau^e any hurt or damage to any person or carriage i age, who, by passing or being upon such street or highway; or shall, by negh- 1 negligence or gence, or wilful misbehaviour, prevent, hinder, or interrupt, the £ uJ1V1°Mr* paAag of any other carriage, or of his Majesty's subjects, or obfoud* on highways; or if the driver of any empty or unloaded persons or Waggon, cart, or other carriage, shall refuse or neglecto turn carriages in aside, and make way for, any coach, chariot, chaise, loaded wag* passing gon, cart, or other loaded carriage; any such driver offending in not"make way ?ny ca^es a^orcfa*cl* and being convicted of such offence,

for loaded*either by his own confession, or by the oath of one or more ert-carriages, dible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace of the forfeits, if not county, riding, division, city, corporation, precind, or liberty, any^Cnot where such offence shall be committed, shall, for every such of-excecdingtos* fence.

766.) Ajsino fcpsimo Georou III. c. 42; 471

ence, forfeit any sum not exceeding ten shillings, in case such and if the Iriver shall not be the owner of such carriage; and, in case the °wher> any_ offender be owner of such carriage, then any sum not exceeding ceding* s.: wenty shillings; or shall be committed to the house of correc- or may be; ion for any time not exceeding one'month, at the discretion committed j rf such justice: and every such driver, offending in either of the Per*

Taid cases, shall and may, by authority of this act, and without him,

any other warrant, be apprehended by any person or persons and deliver*who shall fee such offence committed; and shall be immediately him over to a conveyed or delivered to a constable, or other peace officer, in order to be conveyed before same justice of the peace, to be dealt ac^rdinTto with according to law, law.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That where the justices justice*, at of the peace in any city or market town, not having already cf- their general fedtual provision made for such city or market town by any for- or quarter mer law, or the major part of them, at their general or quarter JW sessions, shall judge it necessary to appoint a scavenger or leaven- vengers for" gers for cleaning the streets therein, the said justices shall and any city or jnay, from time to time, nominate and appoint such person or market town persons as they shall think fitting for that purpose; and also to leLjproljifion order the repairing of such streets therein as they shall judge ne- already ° ceflary; and for defraying the charges thereof, an assessment or made*T assessments, not exceeding six pence in the pound in one year,d make or-Shall and may, from time to time, be equally made upon all and £hestreet»I $very the occupiers of houses, lands, tenements, and heredita-, taking* inents, in the respective parishes wherein such streets shall lie, aftefiinexus for Within such cities or market towns; and such assessment or af- defraying tte feflments shall and may, from time to time, be made by such £harg "* person or persons, and levied and collected in such manner, as col-the said justices, by their order at such sessions, shall diredi and le&ed, cm* appoint in that behalf; and the money thereby raised shall be ploved, and employed and accounted for according to the orders and direc-f^Untdk* fions of the said justices, for and towards the repairing and as cy9tleanfing the said streets from time to time: and the said assess- and to be le-pients, being allowed under the hands and seals of such justices, vied by their shall and may be levied, by warrant under their hands and seals, wvrant' by distress and sale of the goods and chattles of such persons not paying the same within eight days after demanded, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner; the necessary charges of making, keeping, and felling, such distress, being first deducted.

XL V, And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Tufttces may lawful for any two or more justices of the peace for any county, bold*specml riding, division, city, corporation, precinct, or liberty, and they jre hereby impowered, from time to time, whenever they shall properfbrthe

{*udge proper, to hold any special sessions, besides that which is purpose of lerein before directed, for executing the purposes of this act. this act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any person Persons forci-or persons shall refill, or make forcible opposition against, any bly opposing person or persons employed in the due execution of this act;

shall hinder, or attempt to prevent or obstruct, the seizing or or Obstruction distraining of any horse hereby directed to be forfeited for the the making a

offbnets

Anno septimo Georgii IK (£4*? [tj&

fijaweer offences herein before mentioned; or make any refcueofcattle; "5gv. or other goods, distrained by virtue of this eft; or if any cm* stable, headborough, or tythingman, shall reAifcor.oqJeffi^'ther goodst execute or obey any warrant or precept granted by any jaftkesc and conftaMet notices of the peace, pursuant to the directions of this act; on' no*"u, f exe" such person offending therein, and being convicted thereof, Dal «, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding ten poud£

i meceptor any nor less than forty shillings, at the discretion of the justk*, g pitjoc; justices of the peace before whom he or she shall be lo conriM}

amA to^P* to"e fury«y°r 0, 1 furvevors of the highway of fts

jjg parish, township, or place, where the offence was committed, l

40s. be laid, out in the repair of the highway: and in case he wK

and on son- do not forthwith pay, or secure to be paid, the said (brioNh paywent, mav after such conviction; then it shall and may be lawful fern for Tmonthi^justices of the peace to commit such person or petal 1 to the common gaol, or house of correction, of thecoaf

tiding, division, city, corporation, precinct, or liberty, shal such offence shall be committed, there to remain for anyth* not exceeding three months, unless the said forfeiture mIK sooner paid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all penaltiesa|, forfeitures by this act imposed for any offence against thefiaij i and all costs and chaises to be allowed and ordered by the as t thority of this act (the manner of levying and recoraaglt e

__________ which is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be k| f

Utherwifcdi- vied bydiftrefs and falc of thegoodsand chattles of theoftad*j, reftedpVreto qt person liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, bywat tj-e?nn rant under the hand and seal of some justice of the peace wr if fate, by war. county, riding, division, or place, where such offence, ttftf rapt of a ju- or default, shall happen, or such order for payment of foebedj (tice; or charges shall be made, rendering the overplus of such t&fbdL

if any, to the party or parties, after deducting the charges el*making the same; which warrant such justice is herein tape* y ered and required to grant upon conviction of the offenderIf fe-confession, or upon the oath of one or more credible witndstf it witnesses, or upon order made as aforesaid; and the penalthl one half to and forfeitures, when so levied, shall be paid, the one half K the use of the the informer, and the other half to the surveyor of the higbag informer, and where such offence, neglect, or default, shall happen; to beef b the other half ployed towards the repair thereof, unless otherwise directtdty and forwant t*llsa<^: an<* 'n case such distress cannot be found, andfacbft of distress, the nalties and forfeitures, or the said costs or charges, shall oath party it to be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such justice; ad committed; he is hereby authorized and required, by warrant underhiehai and seal, to commit such offender or offenders, or person or p*

All penalties and forM. tures, andall costs sod charges,

- 1 not

fons liable to pay the same respectively, to the common gwtt house of correction of the county, riding, division, orpbm where the offence shall be committed, or such order as aforehil shall be made, for any time not exceeding three moothi; less the said penalty, -forfeiture, costs, or charges, shall ic^ee* tively be sooner paid: and if such offender or oftendere, or

Iw

li

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42. 473

rfons liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, shall a"d where be rf the jurisdiction of the justice or justices hereby au-^J^Y*!* to grant such warrant* it shall and may be lawful for diaion of the: e 0? the peace of the county, riding, division, or place, justice zutho-such person shall inhabit; and every such justice is here- rized to grant red, upon request to him for that purpose made, and [uCh ^rra?I# rue copy of the conviction whereby such forfeiture or p^c^ue-was incurred, or of the order for the payment of such on applies-charges produced and proved by a credible witness upon tien, and co-r warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the penalty Py°fthccon- ture mentioned in such conviction, or the cods or charges Jcr placed ed in such order, to be levied by distress and sale of the shall lifoe hit* id chattles of such offender or offenders, or person or warrant actable or ordered to pay the same respectively, as afore- cordingly, 8cc. d if no sufficient distress can be had, to commit fuchof-r offenders, or person or persons liable as aforesaid, to mon gaol or house of correction of such county, riding,

or place, for the time and in manner aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That every prosecutor or Penalties or r may, at his election, sue for and recover any forfeiture forfeitures ty imposed by this act, either in the manner herein be-rCted, or by action at law, to be brought by such infor- prosecutor or prosecutor in any of his Majesty's courts of record in informer, d-following; (that is to fey) where any person shall be ther in man- such pecuniary penalty, it shall and may be lawful to «cr before d*. md recover the same by action of debt; in which it shall T*t by ^aion: ient to declare, that the defendant is indebted to the of debt, where'in the sum of being forfeited the penalty it

ct passed in the seventh year of the reign of his presenta pecunwy, intituled An act to explain^ amend, and reduce into one onc*

7rliament) the several statutes now in being for the amend-d preservation of the public highways of this kingdom y and r purposes therein mentioned; and where the penalty or for- or by a6tiott is or shall be of any horse or other goods, by an action of trovers \r against the person liable to such penalty or forfeiture, where the pe-: h the forfeiture shall be sufficient evidence of property to "

intiff; and in which the value of such horse or other horse, or as is or are liable to the forfeiture, shall be given in da- other'goods; without any proof of seizure or demand; and the plain- amj recover-he recover in any such action, shall have double costs: ing, isintided d that there shall not be more than one recovery for theto double Fence; and that ten days notice, in writing, be given to costs* ty offending, previous to the commencement of such ac-nd that the same be brought and commenced within one ir month after the offence, for which such action is t, shall have been committed.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That i*0 conviaion viction shall be had or made by virtue of this act, unless to be had, but onfession of the party accused, or upon the oath of one upon con-e credible witness or witnesses; and that any inhabitant a^a # pariff)* township, or place, in which any offence shall be oath of a

committed

'47. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 4 [1766.

seizure or offences herein before mentioned; or make any rescue of cattle,

distress, ' or other goods, distrained by virtue of this act; or if any con-

Sttle^oro- ^ble, headborough, or tythingman, shall refuse or neglect to ither goodsi execute or obey any warrant or precept granted by any justice or and constables justices of the peace, pursuant to the directions of this act; every not duly exe- such person offending therein, and being convicted thereof, shall warrant or for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding ten pounds, preceptofany nor less than forty shillings, at the discretion of the justice, or justice} justices of the peace before whom he or she shall be so convicted* forfeit not ex-10 pa*, d to the furVeyor or surveyors of the highway of the nor k!» parish, townfttip, or place, where the offence was committed, to 4os. be laid out in the repair of the highway: and in case he or she

and on non- do not forthwith pay, or secure to be paid, the said forfeiture, payment, may after such conviction; then it shall and may be lawful for such {^'month*. j11^ or justices of the peace to commit such person or persons*to the common gaol, or house of correction, of the county,

riding, division, city, corporation, precinct, or liberty, where such offence shall be committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, unless the said forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed for any offence against the same, and all costs and charges to be allowed and ordered by the authority of this act (the manner of levying and recovering of which is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattles of the offender, or person liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, by warrant under the hand and seal of some justice of the peace for the county, riding, division, or place, where such offence, neglect, or default, shall happen, or such order for payment of such colls or charges shall be made, rendering the overplus of such distrefe. if any, to the party or parties, after deducting the charges of making the same; which warrant such justice is hereby impowered and required to grant upon conviction of the offender by confession, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or upon order made as aforesaid; and the penalties and forfeitures, when so levied, shall be paid, the one half to the uCeoTthe the informer, and the other half to the surveyor of the highway informer, and where such offence, neglect, or default, shall happen; to be em-the^her half p]°yCj towards the repair thereof, unless otherwise directed by and to want this act: and in case such distress cannot be found, and such pe-of distress, the nalties and forfeitures, or the said costs or charges, shall not be party U to be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for fuchiustice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to commit such offender or offenders, or person or persons liable to pay the same respectively, to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, division, or place, where the offence shall be committed, or such order as aforesaid shall be made, for any time not exceeding three months; unless the said penalty, forfeiture, costs, or charges, shall respectively be sooner paid: and if such offender or ofienders, or per-

' fw

All penalties and forfeitures, and all costs and charges, where not otherwise directed, are to be levied by distress and sale, by warrant of a justice)

one half to

committed)

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42. 47$

on or persons liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, shall and where he iv$ out of the jurisdiction of the justice or justices hereby: horized to grant such warrant; it shall and may be lawful for diaion of the iny justice o? the peace of the county, riding, division, or place, justice zutho-wherein such person shall inhabit; and every such justice is here- rized to grant by required, upon request to him for that purpose made, and upon a true copy of the conviction whereby such forfeiture or up-

penalty was incurred, or of the order for the payment of such on applica-costs or charges produced and proved by a credible witness upon tien, and cooath, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause the penalty p^££ihccon- or forfeiture mentioned in such conviction, or the costs or charges ^V^oduoed mentioned in such order, to be levied by distress and sale of the (hill iflbe hit* goods and chattles of such offender or offenders, or person or warrant ac-persons liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, as afore- cordingly, 5rc. said; and if no sufficient distress can be had, to commit such offender or offenders, or person or persons liable as aforesaid, to the common gaol or house of correction of such county, riding, division, or place, for the time and in manner aforesaid.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That every prosecutor or Penalties or informer may, at his election, sue for and recover any forfeiture forfeitures or penalty imposed by this act, either in the manner herein before, directed, or by action at law, to be brought by such infor- p % ft£utoror mer or prosecutor in any of his Majesty's courts of record in informer, d-xnanner following; (that is to say) where any person shall be ther in man-liable to such pecuniary penalty, it shall and may be lawful to nfk €C^lm sue for and recover the same by action of debt; in which it shall rQr by i&jon be sufficient to declare, that the defendant is indebted to the of debt, where plaintiff in the sum of being forfeited the penalty is

by an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his presenta pecuniary Majesty, intituled An act to explain^ amend, and reduce into one* an of parliament, the several statutes now in being for the amendment and preservation of the public highways of this kingdom; and for other purposes therein mentioned; and where the penalty or for- or^a&jog feiture is or shall be of any horse or other goods, by an action of trovers of trover against the person liable to such penalty or forfeiture, where the pe-in which the forfeiture shall be sufficient evidence of property to the plaintiff; and in which the value of such horse or other horseTor* goods, as is or are liable to the forfeiture, shall be given in da- other goods; mages, without any proof of seizure or demand; and the plain- and recover-tiff, if he recover in any such action, shall have double costs: ing, is in tided provided that there shall not be more than one recovery for theto double same offence; and that ten days notice, in writing, be given to costs * the party offending, previous to the commencement of such action; and that the same be brought and commenced within one calendar month after the offence, for which such action is brought, shall have been committed.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That n0 conviction no conviction shall be had or made by virtue of this act, unless to be had, but upon confession of the party accused, or upon the oath of one upon Conor more credible witness or witnesses; and that any inhabitant of any parift), township, or place, in which any offence shall be oath of a

committed witness.

474 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42. [1766.

inhabitants committed contrary to this act, shall be deemed a competent deemed com- witness, notwithstanding his or her being an inhabitant of stich neffe"! Wlt" parish, township, or place. J

Justices im- L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

powered to lawful for any justice or justices of the peace to administer an f administer oat|1 to any Witness or witnesses, or other person or persons, for cases*relative the better discovery and execution of the several matters or things to theexecu- herein before authorized or directed to be examined, inquired tien of this into, or performed, by such justice or justices respectively. ifftreftfo

LI. And be it further enacted, That where any distrefe money not* Ihsdl be mac*e for any ^um or sums of money to be levied by vir-deoned un- tue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawfol, lawful. &c. nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespafe for default of or trespassers, on account of any default or want of form in airy proceedings; proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the party or parties & nor the party draining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ab initio, on*-making it a count of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the trespasser ab party or paries distraining; but the person or persons aggrieved want of any ty irregularity, may recover full satisfaction for the Vpcciil subsequent7 damage in an action on the case.

irregularity.

LII. Provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs dial) re-Plaintiff in cover in any action for any irregularity, trespass, or wrongful ftc^inrgula- Proceedings, if tender of sufficient amends shall be made by or rity, See. not on the behalf of the party or parties who shall have committed, to recover, or caused to be committed, any such irregularity, trespass, or where tender wrongful proceedings, before such action brought: and in case beerTmadebe- no tcn(*er shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful fore action lor the defendants in any such action, by leave of the court

brought. where such action shall depend, at any time before iflbe joined,

Defendant al- to p3y jnt0 court such sum of money as he or they shall see fit; money^nto^ thereupon such proceedings, or orders and judgement, (hiU court before he had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other ao-iilue joined, tiens where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court. Persons ag-

LIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any grieved Where person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any thing done tlrad'of reliefn Pur^uance of X^IS an^ for which no particular method cf j is appointed, relief hath been already appointed; or if any person shall, at any or injured by time hereafter, think himself or herself injured by the inclosing the inclosing of any common highway, after a writ of ad quod damnum issued, Weh^ay^may an<*n<ll,ht*on thereupon taken; then, in any of the said cafe$ appeal to the* every such person may appeal to the justices of the peace at any general quar- general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county, ter iefiions; riding, division, city, corporation, precinct, or liberty, wherein the cause of such complaint shall arise, and within four months after the cause of such complaint shall have arisen, or after the inclosing of such common highway as aforesaid; such appellant giving notice giving, or causing to be given, eight days notice at the least in of such iii- writing of his or her intention to bring such appeal, and of the tention, matter thereof, to the justice or other person or persons against and entering whom such complaint shall be made; and, within (bur days af-mdcT&c"1 ter such notice, entering into recognizance before some justice

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 41. 475

of the peace for the said county, riding, division, city, corporation, precinct, or liberty, with one sufficient surety, conditioned to try such appeal at, and abide the order of, and pay such colls as shall be awarded by, the juAices of such quarter session; and Proceedings every iuAice of the peace, and other person, having received no- bad before any tice of such appeal as aforesaid, shall return all proceedings what- justice, rela-eyer had before them respectively, touching the matter of such matter of such appeal, to the said juAices at their general quarter sessions afore- appeal, to be find, on pain of forfeiting five pounds for every such neglect; returned totbe and the said justices at'such session, upon due proof of such no- quar-

tice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recog- ^5°^' nizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and matters courts pro", of such appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the ceed in a Fura-parties appealing or appealed against as they, the said justices, mary way, shall think proper; to be levied and recovered as herein before and aw^L directed; and the determination of such quarter sessions shall be and their de-final and conclusive to all intents and purposes; and that no termination to proceeding to be had or taken in pursuance of this act shall be be final, quashed or vacated for want of form, or removed by Certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, except as herein before mentioned, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at !VeJi- mnjier\ any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV. Provided, That no such appeal shall be made against any where ap-conviction, for the forfeiture of any horse or other beast by vir- peal is made tue of this act, unless the person convicted shall, at the time of against the such conviction, give notice of his or her intention to appeal; and at the same time enter into recognizance, with sufficient horsej

sureties, to pay the value of such horse or other bead, in case &c. 9

such conviction shall be affirmed upon such appeal; and upon Notice of ap« his or her giving such Security, such horse or other bead shall be P?*111*forthwith delivered to such person. time of conviction, and recognizance, with sureties, entered into; and horse to be thereupon returned.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit Limitation of shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing actions. done or acted in pursuance of this act, then, and in every such case, such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within three calendar months after the fad committed, and not afterwards; and the same, and every such action or suit, shall be brought in the county, riding, division, city, corporation, pre-cind, or liberty, where the person against whom such action or suit shall be commenced doth ordinarily inhabit and reside, or in which the fad was committed, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in every such action or suit, shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special General issue. matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this present act: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time limited for bringing the same, or be brought and laid in any other county, riding, division, city, corporation, precind, or liberty,

476 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 42.' [1766.

than as afore-mentioned, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or, if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs; the Treble costs. defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for recovery thereof, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cases by law*

LVI. And be it further enacted, That this act, and every clause, provision, and regulation, herein contained, shall commence and take effect on the twenty first day of September next LVII. And) to the intent that there may be only one law fubfiJHag for the several purposes aforesaid, be it further enacted and declared, That from and after the twenty first day of September next following, an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Edward the First, ascertaining the breadth of highways fading from one mar bet town to another; as also an act passed in the fourteenth and fifteenth of King Henry the Eighth, for altering of highways in the Weld fl/'K.ent; as also an act or bill passed in the twenty sixth of King Henry the Eighth, intituled. The bid*Sc 3 Phil. k for the highways in the county of Sussex; as also an act passed in the second and third of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled,

The statutefor the mending of highways; as also an act passed in the fifth of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act for the contimtamt of the Statute made J'econdand third Philip and Mary yfor the amendment of highways; as also an act passed in the eighteenth of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act of addition unto the former acts for amending and repairing of highways; as also an act passed in the twenty seventh of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act for explaining of the statute for the amending of the highways between Middleton and the King's Ferry leading into the isle of Sheppey in the county of Kent; as also an act passed in the thirty ninth of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act for the amendment of highways its Sussex, Surry, and Kent; as also so much of an act passed in the twenty second of King Charles the Second, (intituled An additional act for the better repairing of highways and bridges) as relates iys; to the highways; as also so much of an act passed in the second

andfomuchof of King William and Queen Miry (intituled An act for paving Mar an<^ c^eanfwS fleets in the cities of London and Westminster,

U*t % iol\\V and suburbs and liberties thereof and out parishes in the county if power of mak- Middlesex and in the borough of Southwark, and other places within ing assess- the weekly bills of mortality in the county of Surry, and for regulating menu for re- markets therein mentioned) as relates to the power therein given to make assessments for the purpose of repairing the highways; as also so much of an act passed in the third year of King William and Queen Mary, (intituled An act for the better re-

Commencement of this act.

Repeal of aft i3Edw. i;

V4 & 15 Hen.*i

*6 Hen. 8;

Mary; 5 Eliz.

it Eliz. 17 Eliz.

39 Eliz.

and so much of aft 11 Car. a, as relates to highway

pairing the highways; and so much of aft 3 Will

Will. 3; An act for the better amending and repairing the highways, and ex-X &9Will. 3 5 planation of the laws relating the reunto; as also an act passed in the

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 44. 477

eighth and ninth of King William the Third, intituled An ail ft* enlarging commonhighways; as also an act passed in the sixth Ann*, of Queen Anne, intituled An act to repeal a tlause in an all of the seventh yeartf the reign of his late Majesty, for amending and repairing the highways $ which enjoins waggoners and others to draw with a pole between the wheel horses, or with double shafts, and to oblige them to draw-only with fix horses or other fceafts, except up hills j as also an of the ninth of Queen9 Ann*. Anne, intituled An act to render moreeffeGstal an act made in the

sixth year of her present Majesty, intituled An act to repeal a

dause in an act of the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty for amending highways, which enjoins waggoners and others to draw with a pole between the wheel horses, or with double shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with fix horses or other beasts, except up hills; as also an act passed in the < Geo. r; first year of King George the First, intituled An act to refrain all waggoners, tarriers, and others, from drawing any carriage with more than five horses in length; as aUb another act passed > Geo. 1. in the first year of King George the First, intituled An act for mating the laws for repairing the highways more effectual; as also an 5 Geo. 1. act passed in the fifth year of George the First, intituled An act for making more effectual the several alls pastedfor repairing and amend-

tag the highways of tins kingdom; as also an act passed in the 7 Geo. s. seventh year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to explain and make more effectual the laws in being to oblige the possessors of lands adjacent to common highways, to cut and keep suchlow hedges as are adjoining to the said highways j as also and to much to much of an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his of aft9late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for re-t riving and continuing the alls therein mentioned, and for explaining dause in aft tmd amending a dause in an all made in the first year of the reign 1 Geo. r. to of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for markertowhsi snaking the laws for repairing the highways more eflfedual j relating to the appointing scavengers in cities and market towns, and the ordering the assessments for the repairing and cleansing the streets therein, as extends the dause in the said act, made in the first year of King George the First, unto market towns; as also lo much of an act passed in the fourteenth year of King and so much of George the Second, intituled An act for the preservation of the ad 14 Goo. puMici roads in that part of Great Britain called England, as fhsbMiwa* relates to the highways of this kingdom, not being turnpike bejnjj roads; as also an act passed in the fifteenth year of King George turnpike the Second, intituled An act to repeal so much of an road*»

in the last fejfons of parliament, intituled An act for the piei'er- Act 15 Geo. vation of the publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England, as obliges persons, not travelling for hire, to make life of waggons with wheels bound with streaks or tire of a certain breadth, or the said streaks to be fattened with nails of a certain size j as also an act passed in the sixteenth year of King 16 Geo. George the Second, intituled An act for allowing carts to be drawn mnth four horses; as also an act passed in the twenty sixth year, 5 Geo. a,

Anna feptima Georgii III. c. 43.

year of King George the Second, intituled An act for the preventing of the inconveniences and dangers that may arifefrm the present methods of digging gravel, sand^stone, chalky and other maUriahy on the fevered commons and waste grounds within the kingdom, for the repair of the o" aft "o Geo highway s> and for other purposes; as also so much of an act passed », as refates*in thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George to the publick the Second, intituled An act to explain and amend an act made streets or in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty's reigny to prevent tie commoa misbehaviour of the drivers of carts in the streets in London, West-vmhi^London minder, tmd the limits of the weekly hills of mortality, and fee or Westmin- other purposes in this act mentioned; as relates to the publick fter, or limits streets or common highways of this kingdom, not being within weekly the cities of London or Westminster, or within the limits of the*weekly bills of mortality; shall be, and the (acne sure hereby repealed.

CAP. XLIII.

An act to amend and enforce the acts of the eighteenth, twenty first, and thirty second years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for the more effectnel preventing the fraudulent importation and wearing of eath bricks and French lawns.

Preatnble, re- Wf PEREAS an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reip citing a6h i$. of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An Geo. a. act for prohibiting the wearing and importation of cambricks and French lawns; and also one other act passed in the twenty fief year of the reign of his said late Majesty, intituled An act for explaia-ai eo. s. amending^ ancj enforcing, an act made in the eighteenth

year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act fie prohibiting the wearing and importation ofcambricks and F rench lowest and another act made in the thirty second year of the reign of his fiui*late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the mot

and 1 % Geo. cffe«Stual preventing the fraudulent importation of cambricks and French lawns, have been found ineffectual: may it therefore pkeft your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con* sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the (acne, No cambrick That from and after the first day of July, one thousand fevea or French hundred and sixty seven, no cambrick or French lawn shall be ImMrtcdlnto >mPorte(linio any part of Great Britain, except into the portot any part of London only.

Great Britain, except into the port of London, after i July, 17675 and in British

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ships navigat- no such cambrick or French lawn shall be allowed to be im-colaw<-rding Ported >nto the PQrt of London from any part beyond theseas, notice thereof excePrn British ships navigated according to law; and except nor*ce be first given to the Commissioners of his Majesty's cu-given to the stoms of the species, and quantity, and marks of the packages, commission- of such cambricks and French lawns, and the name of the Slip <r^of the cu-^which the same are intende4 tg be importedj and a licence 5, givO

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 43. 4

given under the hands of the commissioners of his Majesty's and a licence customs in England for the time being, or any three of them, gained for for the landing thereof, within thirty days from the date of the 30 ing* such licence; which licence they are hereby authorized and required to grant without any fee or reward, or any other charge to the person demanding the same: and if any cambricks ^luble to or French lawns shall be imported into Great Britain contrary forfeituA u*. to the intention of this act, or without such licence as is here- gether with in before directed, such goods, with the package containing tb« vessel. the same, together with the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted as herein after mentioned; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That no such licence shall be grant- Licence to he

cd for the importation or landing of any cambricks or French to

lawns in any other package, or in any less quantity, than is^directed and allowed by the last recited act of the thirty second prescribed by year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second. aft % % Geo.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That such licence shall and to be date produced and delivered up by the matter or person taking livered up by charge of the ship wherein such cambricks or French lawns shall master» be imported, together with the marks, numbers, and contents

of each package, endorsed on the back thereof, to the collector at the time and comptroller of the customs, at the time of entering and re- ofentering porting such ship, on the forfeiture of one hundred pounds; and tho vefic*1* Such cambricks and French lawns shall upon landing, be ware- and the goods housed under the like rules, regulations, and restrictions; andtobeware-Shall not be afterwards delivered out of such warehouse, but on boufed; condition to be exported to some of the British colonies or and delivered plantations in America, under the like securities and restrictions for Pol> as are expressed and directed in the said last recited act of thela on 0 thirty second year of the reign of King George the Second, and Upon payment of the same duties as they are now liable to by law.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That No cambrick from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand ?r lawn to be seven hundred and sixty eight, no cambrick or lawn whatsoever shall be imported from the kingdom of Ireland., into any part the importa-of Great Britain, until the importation of cambricks and French tien oicam-jawns into the kingdom of Ireland shall be prohibited by law, brick* and upon pain of forfeiting the said goods, and the further penal sum ^"that ^wrnf q( five pounds for every piece ofcambrick or lawn so imported, kingdom be

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, prohibited by That from and after the said first oay of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, where any ship or vessel what- VeflcJs from soever coming or arriving from foreign parts, and having on foj^dbover* hoard any cambrick or French lawns, without such licence as is ing on the herein before directed, shall be found at anchor or hovering with- coast, &c. in the limits of any of the ports of Great Britain, or within two having on leagues of the shore, or shall be discovered to have been^r^ckyor within the limits of any port, and not proceeding on her voyage, pJ^chUwns, I 2 " wind not licenced.

are liable to forfeiture, ^together with the goods.

Foreign cambrick, or French lawn, found in possession of any hawker or pedler, are liable to forfeiture, with all the other goods in the pack.

Goods feised to be deposited in the King's ware-houtes, and to be free to inspection j

and, after condemnation, to be Stamped.

and fold for exportation.

The money arising by the sale to be divided between the crown and the officer.

Bond to be

§iven for the ue exportation thereofi

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 43, [1766.

wind and weather permitting, (unless in case of unavoidable necelGty and distress of weather, of which necessity and distrffs the mailer, purser, or other person, having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall give notice to, and make proof of before, the collector or other chief 'officer of the cuiloms of such port as aforesaid, immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel into the said port) all such cambrick or French lawn, together with the chests, boxes, and other package whatsoever, containing the same goods, and the flnp or vessel on board which the same shall be found, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost (whether bulk (haO hate been then broken or not) and the same goods and package, shall and may be seized and prosecuted, or the value thereof be recovered by any officer or officers of the customs or excise, in manner herein after mentioned; any law, Statute, or custom tri the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the first day of Julj9 one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, if any foreign cambrick or Freud lawn shall be found in the possession of any hawker, pcdlen or petty chapman, such hawker, pedler, or petty chapman, shall not only forfeit such foreign cambricks and French lawns, but also all the other goods contained in the pack where such goodi shall be found; and shall also be adjudged to have forfeited his licence.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That forthwith, after the seizure of any such cambricks or Ftend lawns, or as soon after as conveniently may be, the same (ha! be sent to, and deposited in, one of the King's warehouses belonging to the custom-house in London; and all and every such cambricks and French laws may, from time to time, be viewed and inspected by any person or persons on behalf of the profecn-for or prosecutors, or of the person or persons interested in, <* claiming the said cambricks or French lawns; and the commissioners of his Majesty's customs are hereby required to make and give sufficient orders from time to time For that purpose; and after condemnation thereof, in due course of law, all and every such cambricks or French lawns shall be stamped or marked in such manner as the commissioners of the customs in latidy or any three or more of them, shall direct; and shall be publickly sold to the best advantage, for exportation to the £rf-tish colonies or plantations in America only; and one moiety of the produce or money arising by the sale of such cambricks and French lawns shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety thereof to the use of the officer or officers who shall feizt and secure the same: and no such cambricks or French lawns shall be sold otherwise than on condition to be exported as aforesaid; and shall not be delivered out of the warehouse or place wherein the same shall have been secured, until sufficient security, by bond shall be first given to the King's majesty, his heirs, and fucedfors, which

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 43. 481

the commissioners of his Majesty's customs are hereby impowered and required to take, that the same, and every part thereof, shall be exported as aforesaid, and not landed again in any place except the said colonies or plantations; which bonds shall and may be discharged without fee or reward upon, certificate tobedischarg-returaed, signed by the collector or other proper officer of such «d uP°n cer" colony or plantation, that the goods were there landed; orcoi^in'g^here-upon proof by two credible persons that such goods were taken to on proof of by the enemies, or perished in the Teas, the examination and the goods proof thereof being hereby left to the judgement of the said*" of; which of are hereby impowered enenny or and required, from time to time, to call upon the person or at sea % persons who have entered into such security to produce such certificate or proof as aforesaid; and in default of producing such <*b«Nvife jp certificate or proof, to the satisfaction of the said of,* put m ult# such bonds shall and may be put in suit, and prosecuted by or- der of the said of, against the person or persons who shall so make default, in such manner as offences of the like Wind are sued or prosecuted by any law or Statute of this realm.

IX. -AAd be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Where, after if any officer or officers shall neglect or refuse, for the space ofonc°?ndci, >"1' month after the condemnation of such goods, to prosecute to

effect any person or persons for any penalty or forfeiture by to Cue for the (his ad infiided upon offenders against the same; that then, penalty, and in every such case, it shall be lawful for any person or per- any person ions whomsoever to sue for, prosecute, and recover the respect may sue for, live penalties or forfeitures by this act inflicted, by action of*nd recover debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's the same* courts of record in Westminster, or court of exchequer in &*/-JoMd$ together with costs of fuitj wherein no essoin, pro-tedion, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed \ and that one moiety of such penalties to be dividedpd forfeitures shall be to the use of the King's majesty, his between the Weirs, and successors, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons as shall sue for, and recover the same. p

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Cambricksfa-all cambricks, or goods of the kind usually known under that bricated in denomination, which from and after the twenty ninth day of^(Srape3 Sep timber, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, shall at each end. be woven or fabricated in Great Britain, shall be marked or

damped at each end of every piece with such mark or (lamp, and by such officer or officers, as the of of the ex- eife in that part of Great Britain called England, and that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall respectively direct and appoint for that purpose.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission-That h shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective commissioners of excise for the time being, or the major part m^e to them Bt them from time to time, upon request made to them by any by the maker

such person or persons, and at the expence of such person or per- ProP*let°r seps, to provide such mark# or (lamps at U> the said respective^cambnckSf

1 i 3 com-

may order stamps to be made;

or direct and appoint of-

cut out of the loom.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 43. [1766.

c.ommissioners, or the major part of them, shall seem proper; or to direct and appoint one or more supervisor or other officer or officers of the excise, of the district or division in which any such manufactijre shall be carried on, to marie or stamp each Seers*toftampan(l every piece of such cambrick, or goods of the kind usually the pieces,known under that denomination, which shall be made, wovc^ or fabricated, by such person or persons applying as aforesaid, with such mark or (lamp, or marks or (lamps, in manner for which they herein after mentioned and directed j and the officer or officers al^the com*1^ cxc^e v?ho be appointed to mark or (lamp such goods, roiffioners1* shall, by the fabricator, maker, weaver, or proprietor of such Diall direct. goods, be paid, for every piece of such goods which he or they shall mark or (lamp in pursuance of this act, such sum as the commissioners of excise for the time being, or the major part of them, shall direcTand appoint.

Notice for the

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^iven^to the* ^at all and every person and persons who shall weave, febri-officers]*and cate> or make, any such cambrick, or goods of the kind ufuaDf the goods to known by that denomination, shall, before the same shall be be stampt be- taken or cut out of the loom, give notice in writing of finithing fore they are of every or any piece or pieces of such goods, to such supervisor or other officer as aforesaid 5 who, before any such piece of goods shall be cut out of the loom, shall mark or stamp both ends of such piece of goods with such mark or stamp as shall be provided and appointed for that purpose in manner aforesaid; on penalty of upon pain that every person who shall weave, make, or 51* " fabricate, such cambrick, or goods of the kind usually known

by that denomination, and shall cut or take any piece of such goods out of the loom after the same shall have been finished, or permit the same to be done without having first given such notice in writing, and having such piece marked or damped as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fin and forfeiture pounds; and the goods so cut out of the loom, without such of the goods. notice being given, and such marks or (lamps being set thereon, in planner herein before directed, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the custom; or excise.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every supervisor, or other officer of the excise of the dif* fonabie notice trj^ in which any such manufacture of cambrick, or goods of the given im, hind usually known by or under that denomination, mall be carried on, who shall be so.&s aforesaid appointed by the commissioners of the excise, or the major part of them, to mark or stamp such goods upon reasonable notice given to him or them by any person or persons who shall make, weave, or fabricate, any such goods, that any piece of such goods is finished, shall forthwith, or as foonas conveniently may be, confident with other the duty anil business of his office, in manner herein before directed, mark or (lamp both ends of such piece of goods with such mark or stamp as shall be so appointed and provided for that purpose; and also fix or set a diflindt and separate number to every piece

tf

Officer to attend, on rea-

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 43. 483

of such goods, before the same shall be taken out of theioom 5 -J11 onkjt0 af*

and also make a just and true entry in writing, in proper books "x^theftamps*

to be provided for that purpose at the expence of the manufac- ^e entnTof

turer of such goods, of the number set to each piece of such the N°fetto

goods, and the number of yards which each piece of such each piece,

goods shall contain in length; and also the number of threads and the N° of

contained in the warp of each piece of such goods 5 upon pain

that every supervisor, or other officer so appointed as aforesaid, of threads

who shall, upon reasonable notice given as aforesaid of thefinish- in the warp j

iflgof any piece of such goods, neglect or refuse to mark or stamp

+any piece of such goods in manner herein before directed, or to fix or set a distinct and separate number on each piece of such goods, or to make a true and just entry in manner aforesaid of the number set or affixed to each piece of such goods, and of the number of yards which each piece thereof shall contain in length, and also the number of threads contained in the warp

of each piece of such goods5 shall, for every such refusal or on fbrfeituie

neglect, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds sterling money.*of5l.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Officers frau-That if any such supervisor, or other officer or officers of the dulently excise, who shall be so appointed to seal or (lamp such cambricks,

or who shall have the custody of any mark or (lamp which shall be so done, ! be so provided and appointed to mark or (lamp such goods, shall any jgoods not therewith mark or (lamp any cambricks or lawns, or goods of fabricated in the kind usually known by or under those denominations, which Great Britain,shall not have been made, wove, or fabricated in Great Britain, or shall knowingly permit it to be done; or shall mark or (lamp or after their any piece of such goods, after the same shall be taken out of the being taken loom; every such supervisor, or other officer or officers, so mark- ing or stamping any such cambricks or lawns, or goods of the forfeits 501. kind usually known under either of those denominations, or per piece, wilfully or knowingly permitting the same to be done contrary to the true intent and meaning of this h6l, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every piece of such goods which he or they shall so mark or (lamp, or permit or suffer to be marked or stamped, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; and such fu- and is incapa-. pervisor, or other officer or officers, upon being convicted of Stated i either or any of the offences aforesaid, shall lose his or their office or offices and employments, and is and are hereby declared and rendered ever after incapable of having, using, or enjoying, any office or place of trust under his Majesty, his heirs, and successors.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and the per* if any person or persons shall, by bribery, fraud, covin, deceit, or eTi^procur-imposition, or in any other manner whatsoever, prevail on, or ing^uchTrau'd procure any officer or officers of the excise, or other person who to be commit-shall be appointed to mark or (lamp any cambricks, or who shall ed j

have the custody of any mark or (lamp, to mark or (lamp any piece or pieces of cambrick or lawn, or of goods of the kind,

usually known under either of those denominations, which shall,

pot ^ave been actually and bona fide made, wove, or fabricated,

J14»,

otherwise, to corrupt officers, to affix the damps falsly to any piece.

fovfck j#l,

Oflloer to transmit to tha of of ex* cife an account yearly of the N# of pieces stanpt by r

484 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 4J, J1766.

m Great Britain5 or after the same shall have been cut or taka out of the loom, contrary to the true intent and meaning of their aiders this act all and every such offender and offenders, and his and abettors, 1Bcj their aiders, abettors, and assistants, being thereof law-and^oftandin convicted, shall for every such offence, forfeit and lots the the pillory; sum of one hundred pounds, and be adjudged to stand in the and persons pillory two hours: and if any person or persons shall give, pay, attempting by or secure, or offer to give, pay, or secure, to any such officer bribery, or or officers, or other person as aforesaid, any bribe, recom» pence, or reward, of any kind whatsoever, in order to corrupt, persuade, or prevail on, such officer or officers, or other person, to set or affix such mark or stamp as aforesaid to any piece or pieces of cambrick, directed by this act to be marked or damped, which shall not have been actually and bonapda made, wove, and fabricated, in Great Britain, or after the same (hal have been taken out of the loom; such person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every supervisor, or other officer or officers of excise, who shall in manner aforesaid be appointed to mark or damp any cambricks in pursuance of this act, shall yearly and every year (while such officers shall have the custody of any such damp provided and appointed for that purpose in manner aforesaid) in the month of June, transmit and send to the commit* sioners of excise in London or Edinburgh respectively, a full, true, and just, account, in writing, of all and every piece and pieces of such goods which he or they shall mark or (lamp in pursuance and a copy of of this act; and also a true copy of all and every entry or en-his entries; tries, of any kind whatsoever, which he or they shall make in any such book or books provided for that purpose, in any wise relating thereto, for and during the twelve calendar months next distinguishing preceding the said month of June; distinguishing'tn such ac-the manu- counts the several manufacturers or proprietors, if there shall be facturers 5 more than one such in such officers district, who shall have mads on penalty of or he owners of such goods; upon pain of being dismissed dismisskm. from his or their employ as an officer or officers of the excite: The stamps to and all and every such officer or officers having the custody of be delivered any fuefi mark or stamp as aforesaid, his or their executors orad-ministrators, or such other person or persons in whole custody or power the same shall fall or come by the death of such officer or officers, or in any other manner, shall, upon demand or order from or by the commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, deliver up to such of, or such person or persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, all and every such mark or stamp which shall have been delivered to such officer or officers, or by any other means come or fallen into the hands, Custody, or power, of such officer or officers, or other persons whatsoever; upon pain that any such officer or officers, or other persons, refuting or neglecting so to do, upon any such order or demand 9$ aforesaid, shall forfeit and lota the fun of tww

hundred

by him;

upon demand, or order of the commission-ew,

a forfeiture of aool.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 43. 485

hundred pounds; to be recovered and applied in manner herein after mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Goods found That if any cambrick, or goods of the kind usually known by not legally or under that denomination, made, wove, or fabricated, in Great Britain, after the said twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, shall be found in any place whatsoever in Great Britain, without being marked or damped at each end of every whole and entire peace, and at one end of every remnant of such cambrick, or goods of the kind usually known by or under that denomination, all such goods shall areUableto be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of the ma^be excise or customs; and such officer or officers is and are hereby fazed, 7 indemnified for feising such goods; and such goods so seised shall and deposited be deposited in the King's warehouse at the custom house at*n th5 "ing ' dtu, or in the excise office next to the place where the same shall ware"ou*e* i be seised; and after condemnation thereof, by due course of law, and after cou-Shall be publickly sold to the best bidderj and that one moiety demnation, of the produce arising from the sale thereof, after deducting the publickly. Ibid.

charges and expences attending the condemnation and hue of Moneyarifiag such goods, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and th successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers who fngallchare* shall feise or sue for the same; and all and every person or e*f persons who shall sell or expose to sale, or have in his or their to be divided custody for that purpose, any cambrick, or goods of the kind between the usually called or known by or under that denomination, made and fabricated in Great Britain, and not marked or damped at p? both ends of every entire piece, or at one end of every remnant r^ng^We of such goods, in manner by this act directed, shall, for every unstampt such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; to be re- goods* for-covered and applied in manner herein after directed.eit°°

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalty of That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times here- forging or after, forge or counterfeit any mark or damp, to resemble any counterfeiting mark or damp which shall be provided or uled in pursuance of this act; or shall forge, resemble, or counterfeit, the impression or importing of any such mark or damp, upon any goods required by this act or exposing to to be marked or damped; or shall import or bring into Great fr*"7. Britain any foreign cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind

usually called or known by or under either of those denomi- ^amp thtre-nations, having any such counterfeit mark, damp, or impref- on, lion thereonj or sell or expose to sale any cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind u hi ally known by or under either of those denominations, with such counterfeit mark, damp, or impression thereon, knowing such mark or damp to be counterfeited; every such person so offending, being thereof law- j, felony, frilly convicted, shall be judged guilty of felony, and shall suffer as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority The commit aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the com- fio9mJf*7'ffiif&QQers «f excise in Bag land, for the tjm? befog, or the major

part

JUmped, the taken #ut of the loom j

4.86 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 43V [17661;

or begun to part of them, at any time within two months next after the combe made in mencement of this act, to order and direct all such cambrick, #r-ot7rdSdbe- 8°°^s t*ie ufua^y known by or under that denomination fore the com- which shall have been made, or begun to be made, wove, and mencement of fabricated in Great Britain or Ireland, at any time before the com* the act, to be mencement of this act, to be marked or stamped at both ends of every piece thereds, with such mark or damp which shall be provided and appointed as aforesaid, notwithstanding the same shall have been taken out of the loom (proof being made to the satisfaction of the said of, that all such goods were really and bona fide made, or begun to be made, wove, and fa* bricated in Great Britain or Ireland, before the commencement of this act) which goods so marked or stamped, and numbered, and the same in pursuance of such directions, shall and may be sold, disposed may be law. of, and used, in like manner as if the same nad been made or fully fold. wrought after the commencement of this act, and all the di* redlions thereof fully complied with $ any thing in this act con* Officer to tained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: and make due en- the supervisor, or other officer or officers of the excise, who try of all such shall be diredfced to mark or (lamp, and number such goods, shall make the like entry of the number of yards in length of each piece of such goods, and the number set thereon, in like manner, and under the like penalties, as herein before diredfeed, with respect to cambricks made after the commencement of this act. Persons pof-

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, sessed of cam- That if any person or persons shall before the said first day of lawns* before* one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, be possessed of

1 July* 1767* not duly starapt, may depoGt the same, be-

any cambricks or clear lawns, or goods usually known by either of those denominations, which have not been stamped in the manner required by law; such person and persons shall and may on or before the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, deposit such cambricks or clear fore 1 August jawns; n any warehouse or warehouses to be appointed for ?*xtf that purpose by the commissioners of the customs in England

forexroru. ^or exportation to his Majesty's colonies or plantations in tien in America only, upon payment of the half subsidy which is

upon payment to remain by law after such goods are exported, without any r km oath or ot^cr Pro°f being required of the place where such goods

subsidy. were manufactured. an(j no prosecution shall be commenced against any person or persons for having in their custody or possession any such undamped goods, between the said first day of July, and the first day of Augujly one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; any thing in this or any other act of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, hat all such goods which shall be seized and condemned in feitures* in pursuance of this a<$l, and all penalties and forfeitures whatsoever nSotherwilT^y 1^1S a<^ inflicted (unless otherwise directed to be condemned and recovered by this act) shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster> or in the court gf exchequer in S^tland

br

Goods, penalties, and for- That feitures, in

directed, where to be sued and re-

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 4^ 4Sy

>y action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in the name of IK Majesty's attorney general, or in the name or names of such "upervisor, or other officer or officers of the excise or customs is aforesaid; and that one moiety of the clear produce arifingpr<k|uc* fnm From the sale of all such goods, and of g)I the penalties and forfei- the sale, after tares inflicted by this a§, after all charges deduced, shall be to ^1 charees, to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety*"

thereof to the officer or officers who shall seize, inform, or pro- ^own and fecute for the same, ' prosecutor.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Capias toifr That upon every action, bill, plaint, or information, entered or sue upon entiled as aforesaid, for any penalty imposed by this act, a Capias t?rin*n

in the first process shall and may issue, specifying the sum of the tlon»&c< penalty sued for; and the defendant or defendants shall be ob- Defendant to liged to give sufficient bail or security by natural born subjects, persons naturalized or denizens, to the person or persons to bal t"erc*whom such Capias shall be directed, to appear in the court out of which such Capias shall issue, at the day of the return of such sfrrir, to answer such suit or prosecution; and shall likewise, at; the time of such appearance, give sufficient bail or security by such persons as aforesaid, in the said court, to answer and pay ?11 the forfeitures and penalties incurred for such offence or offences, in case, he, she, or they, shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their body or bodies to prison.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or ersons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter, in General issue* /evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue, his, her, or their action or suit, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared*or if, upon verdict or demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and Treble cofar have such remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-In case of said. That if any cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind usually known by or under either of those denominations, shall ^here the be seized by virtue or in pursuance of this or any other act now goods were

in force; or if any action shall be brought by the owner or claimer manufactured, of such goods against any officer of the customs or excise, or any other person, for any thing done in pursuance of this or any other act now in force, and any doubt or question shall arise where such goods were manufactured; the proof thereof shall lie upon the owner or claimer of such goods, and not on the the* proof to person who seized the same, or against whom such action shall be Kc 0, 1* brought j any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.'.*.

GA?*

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 44. [1766.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for altering the stamp duties open policies of asskranee\ and for reducing ibe allowance to be made in respeff of the prompt payment of the stamp duties on licences for retailing beer, ale, and other exciseable liquors and for explaining and amending several a3s of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs.

Preamble, re- Wf WHEREAS by an all of parliament made in the fifth yen

citing clauses of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for al-in ait j Geo. j. tering the ft amp duties upon admintona into corporations or companies, and for further securing and improving the stamp da* ties in Great Britain; it is, among other things, emailed, That from and after the fifth day of July, one fevers'

five, if the properties of more than one per fan, in any ship, cargo, both, or of more than a particular number of persons in general partnership, or of more than one body politic or corporate, to a greater amount in too whole than the fun ft one hundred pounds in erg ship, cargo, or both, be assured on the Jams polity, fitib policyJhouli k void, and tbt premium paid thrrton reman the property of the etfik-rer; with a proviso, that it and might be to et

sou ft to be assured, the properties of any number of in any ship, cargo, or both, by one policy fiampod with Jive each; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithfiandixg: gni whereas such part of the feud all as is btforo recited, has bees found very inconvenient to merchants, traders, and others, residing out of this kingdom, and injurious to the dealings thereof-,

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Policies for authority of the same, That from and after the first day of August, any number pne thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, k shall and may be f Person, lawful to a (lure, or cause to be allured, the properties of any amountTnot 'number of persons whatsoever, in any ship, cargo, or both, to exceeding the amount of any sum, not exceeding in the whole the sum of imoL on one thousand pounds, by a policy stamped with a stamp of botfr* ^vc ^Hags» ar>d it shall and may be lawful to allure, or

maybeaf- cau^e to be assured, the properties of any number of persons

lured by a whatsoever, in any ship, cargo, or both, to the amount of

5*. stamp. any Aim whatsoever, by one policy stamped with two tamps of

and.to any five shillings each; and that every policy so stamped shall be

h, K>nt b* good, valid, and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever; jo*!*stamp* any thing in the said act made in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, or any former act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Any addition-

II. Provided always, That if any risque or adventure distinct al assurance from the risque or adventure mentioned in the original poBcy, tojfceorigiaal and upon which any further premium shall be given, shall be duly by any writing or declaration not duly stamped, added to any fiampt, isfiich original policy, fufh additional assurance shaft be tern,

feid, and the'gMj

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 44. 489

and the premium paid thereon shall remain the property of theprcmium goe* iflbrer. to the insurer.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That])utjes to^for the better and more effectual raising, levying, collecting, and under the go-

Eying the said duties herein before mentioned, the same shall vemment and under the government, care, and management, of the of, for the time being, appointed to manage the duties mi/Coners for payable to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and charged on fUtaps. damped vellum, parchment and paper, by former acts of parliament in that behalf madej who, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered to employ such officers under them, for that purpose, as they shall think proper; and to provide and use such dies and stamps, to denote the said duties herein before mentioned, as they shall think fit; and to repair, renew, or alter the same, from time to time, as there shall beoccasion; and to dd all other acts, matters, and things, necessary to be done for puting this act in execution, with relation to the said duties, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorized to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, % >,

That all powers, regulations, provisions, articles, dauses, pe- granted by mlties, forfeitures, distribution of penalties and forfeitures, and tanner aas,11 other matters and things prescribed, inflicted, and appointed, by any former act or acts of parliament, relating to the duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, on which any policy of aflur- furance, ex-ance shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, and not herein al- tended to the tered, shall be in full force and effect with relation to the duties herein before mentioned; and shall be applied and put in exe- s cution for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, securing, receiving, and paying the said duties herein before mentioned, and accounting for the same according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as folly, to all intents and purposes, as if such powers, regulations, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties, forfeitures, distribution of penalties and forfeitures, and other matters and things, were herein repeated, re-enacted, and applied to the said stamp duties herein before mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty of if any person or persons shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to counterfeiting be counterfeited or forged, any seal, stamp, or mark, to resemble any seal, stamp, or mane, directed, authorized and allowed, to be tifed by, or which shall be provided, made, or tried, in pursuance of, this act; or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, thereby to evade the payment of any of the duties herein before mentioned; or shall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parch- or expoiing ment, or paper, liable to any such stamp duties, with such coun- any such to terfeit stamp, mark or impression thereon, knowing the same tofolc* be counterfeit or shall privately or fraudulently use any seal, fr stamp, or mark, authorized or allowed tobeufed by, or provided " ftauro, or used, or to be provided or used, in pursuance of this act, relating to defrstMitbe to the said stamp duties, with an intent to defraud his Majesty King of hit his heirs, and successors, of any of the said duties, or any part

thereof-.

49° Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 44; [176

U felony. thereof; every such person so offending, and being thereof law.-, fully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall fufifer ddKii as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

Monies arif-

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th* I disties the mon*es arising by the several and respective duties herein

applied as the before mentioned (the necessary charges of management, and duties upon of raising, collecting, receiving, paying, and accounting for^ policies of af- the said monies, excepted) shall be issued and applied to such iurancegi^n^- ancj t|ie same uses ancj purposes as the duties upon policies of e^y ormer a{furance are> by former acts of parliament, directed tobciflbed and applied.

Where per-

VII. And be further declared and enacted by the authority fora flhrinto That if any person or persons shall be sued or profc-

a greater cuted under, and by virtue of, this act, for aftiiring the proper* amount than ties of any number of persons whatsoever, in any ship, eaigo, or 2000l. by a both, to a greater amount than the sum of one thousand pounds* ftao»C 5the a Policy damped with a stamp of five shillings only; then* prooF/as to anc^n ^ch case, the proof, as to the amount or value. so af-the value af- sured, shall lie on the person or persons that shall be so sued or sured, to lie prosecuted, and not on the person or persons who shall sue pr prosecute.

The* How-

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ance of 61. per That the allowance, after the rate of six pounds in the onehun-cent, made by dred pounds per annum for six months, authorized to be made9 -by an act of parliament passed in the twenty ninth year of the the prompt* h, satc majesty King George the Second, intituled An

payment of for granting to his Majesty a duty upon licences for retailing beer, the stamp du- ale9 and other exciseable liquors; and for establishing a method fee ties on beer granting such licences in Scotland; and for allowing such licences t$ licences, &c. be granted at a petty session in England, in a certain caje therein I mentioned) to every person who shall, at one time, bring to be'stamped, or buy of the commissioners for managing the stamp duties, vellum, parchment, or paper* the duties whereof shall Is to cease af. amount to ten pounds and upwards, upon the present payment ter 1 August, of the said duties, shall, from and after the said first day of767*August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty (even, cease and

determine.

and in lieu

IX. And it is hereby further declared and enacted by the au-thereof, 41. thority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of An* one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, instead and lowed. - in ^eu of such allowance, there shall be allowed and paid ia Great Britain, to every person who shall, at any one time, bring to be stamped, or buy of the said commissioners, vellum, parchment, or paper, charged with any duties in and by the said act of parliament, which shall, in the whole, amount to ten pounds or upwards, after the rate of four pounds in the one hundred pounds per annum for six months, upon the present 0 payment of the said duties at the head office for marking or (tamping vellum, parchment, and paper.

X. And whereas it hath been the practice of late for the owners of mlicensei coaches to let the same out for hire, by way ofjokb, by the

4j>

if66j Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 44.

49*.

day? or for leys than a day, contrary toy he true intent and meaning of etn % act made in the ninth year of the reign of her late Majesty qtteen Anne, intituled An act for licensing and regulating hackney Act9 Ann*, coaches and chairs; and for charging certain new duties on stampt vellum, parchment* and paper, and on cards and dice, and on the exportation of rock salt for Ireland; and for securingt thereby, and by a weekly payment out of the post office, and by several duties on hides and skins, a yearly fund of one hundred, eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy pounds, for thirty, two years, to be applied to the satisfaction of such orders as are therein mentioned, to the contributors of any sum not exceeding two millions to be raised for carrying on the war, and other her Majesty's occasions) to the great prejudice of his Majesty revenue and of the licensed hackney coachmen: for remedy thereof, Hcblcney be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the coaches let laid first day 01 August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty iren, upon every information before the of appointed j^b^by the* or to be appointed, for licensing and regulating hackney coaches day /or foe a and chairs or the major part of them, against any person, for leu time, driving for hire, or letting to hire, any hackney coach, contra- contrarytothtf 17 to the said act made in the ninth year of her said late Ma- xa

jesty's reign, although no express hiring shall be proved; yet a penalty, unless the party accused shall appear, and make proof to the said of, or the major part of them, that no money or other gratuity was made or paid, or agreed or intended to be made or paid, for the use of such coach, the same shall be deemed and adjudged a driving for hire, or letting to hire, to all intents, constructions, and purposes whatsoever; and every person so offending shall, for ever such offence, incur such and the like penalty as if such money, or other gratuity, was actually proved to be made or paid; any Statute, b^e-law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XI. And for the better and more easily disiinguishing such coaches*

and other carriages as shall be entered at the head office of excise in London, pursuant to the act of parliament made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and shall be let out for hire, from gentlemens coaches, and for making the owners and drivers thereof the more easily amenable to justicefor any offences committed by them; be it further enacted by the authority afore- Licensed jobb said, That every jobb coach licensed at the head office of excise orht outto* in London, which shall be driven or let to hire on private con- hire, within tract, within the cities of London and Westminster, or the sub- the weekly burbs thereof, or within the parishes and places comprized bill*, for a within the weekly bills of mortality, for any time longer than month one month, without having the excise number or mark fixed without the9under the foot board of every such coach, the same shall be deemed excise mark and adjudged a coach driven or let to hire, contrary to the said under the footft made in the ninth year of the reign of queen Anne\ and eve- }£££: to ry person so letting or driving for hire as aforesaid, shall in- penalty, cur and be liable to the like penalty as any person or persons who shall drive or let to hire by the.hour, day, or otherwise.

4g2 Anno septimo GsoROit IQ, C. 44.

[176&

any hackney coach or coach horsea within the cities of London or Westminster, or suburbe of the same, or within the parishes and places comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, without leave or license from the cotnoiiffionore for regelating and licensing hackney coaches and chain, are now by law liable unto.

XII. And whereas a doubt bat, wbtthtr Htenfed

coachmenplying for hire art ttmpellablt to tarry farts any where within the dist ante of ten miles from the city of London or Westminster Licenced be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from

hackney and after the said first day of AuguJiy one thousand seven hue*

coaches, ply- dred and sixty seven, every coachman licensed by the commd-iuMetogo, ' fi°ner* for regulating and licensing hackney coaches plying fcr at seasoniibie hire within the city of London or fVtJlminptr, shall be obliged

times, any and compeliable, on every day of the week, at fealbnable times,

where within to g, any where within the distance of ten miles from the city af London or London or Westminster \and in case of refusal so to do, shall be Westminster. liable to the like penalty and punishment as assy by law now be inflicted, in cases of refusal to carry for hire by hccnfed hack* ney coachmen.

The following

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, rates of fares8 That from and after the said first day of August one thou find allowed to be seven hundred and sixty seven, every person who is or shall be*"§ kV l.* licensed by the said commUTioners, or the major part of them, ney chairs'*° keep and use for hire any hackney chair within the said cities within the of London and Westminster, and the suburbs thereof, and with* weekly bills, in all and every the parishes and places comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, or any person legally ailing under such person, shall be intitled to, and may demand, receive, and take, for the hire of any such hackney chair, the rates and fines herein after mentioned j that is to say.

The feres. for any distance not exceeding one mile, twelve pence.

And for any distance being above one mile, and not exceeding one mile, and four furlongs, one shilling and six pence.

And for every further distance not exceeding four furlong % six pence.

And by the hour, eighteen pence for the first hour, and fia pence for every half of an hour after.

The laid former alls herein before recited, or any Statute, bye* law, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Tht feid

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaidi fares way be That the said fever* 1 rates and fares for hire herein before menthols settled tioned, shall and may be recovered in the like manner as the by act hues settled by the said act of the ninth year of the reign of her9 Ann*.^feid late Majesty queen Anne, are by law made recoverable. Offenders lia-

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, mkted'bran ' That in every case where any person, for any of the offences of the laws*mentioned in any law relating to the licensing and regulating of relating to hackney coaches and chairs, shall be liable to be committed to

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 44; - 493

prison, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, tfcensing, &c. orciny three or more 01 them, either to commit such offender hackney so prison, m like manner as by any former act of parliament cha^r^may they are authorized to do, and for any time the said commis- be committed sioners, or any three or more of them, shall think fit, not ex- either to pri-ceeding one month, or, by warrant under their hands and seals, f°n» to commit such offender to his Majesty's workhouse ef bride- or to bridewell in London, or some other house ot correction, there to be weJ|»kePc kept to hard labour for any time at the discretion of the said bour^ of, not exceeding one month; and also to receive and receive the correction of the said house, if the said of shall the correction so think fit to order. of the house,

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Hackney That from and after the said first day of August, one thousand coachmen seven hundred and sixty seven, if any person who is or shall be misbehaving, duly licensed to let or drive for hire any hackney coach, with-in the limits aforesaid, shall be guilty of misbehaviour in his employment, it shall and may be lawful for the said commifii- or they may oners, or any three of them, either to revoke such coachman's be fined not licence* or to inflict a penalty not exceeding three pounds, upon exceeding 3l. conviction for every such offence, to be paid to the poor of the

]>ari(h where such offence shall be committed; and if any person 1

o convicted as aforesaid shall not be able, or shall refule to pay p"^11 the said sum so to be imposed as aforesaid, he shall be commit- maybecom-ted to his Majesty's workhouse of bridewell, or some other house mittedtofenne of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for the space of boSfe 5or" thirty days. rea.on, &c.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid; Fare of a Thatitshall and maybe lawful for every or any licensed hackney hackneycoadi coachman, or his driver, to demand and take for his hire, the for the day rate or sum of twelve shillings and six pence for a day's work or Ias' d* hire, reckoning twelve hours to the day; any thing in the said recited act made in the ninth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Hackney That from and after the said first day of August, one thousand fe- coa^e8hli?^e ven hundred and sixty seven, every licensed hackney coachman, or£3^!

his driver, who shall drive with any hackney coach on the Lord's daya> ag 0ll day, shall be liable to do the like work, as well without the any other day weekly bills of mortality as within the same, as such coachman, the week, or his driver, is by this or any former act compellable or liable to do on any other day of the week.

XIX. And be ijt further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Clauses in the That the several clauses in this present act, and in the several acts of parliament heretofore made and passed concerning hack- Coero?ng* iiey coaches and chairs, as relates to the jurisdictions, powers, hackney knd authorities, of the of for- licensing and re- coaches and epilating hackney coaches and chairs; and of justices of the ?hairs jclat-peace; and to the rules, penalties, and forfeitures, orders ri^jaionof-and directions, in the same acts, 'or any of them, mention- the commit'-fd; shall be, and are hereby, continued in full force and effect, sioners and Vox?XXyiI. Kk and justices;

494 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 44.

[176ft

and to the for and during such further time as any other part of the said rules, pend- acts, relating to the licensing of hackney coaches or chairs, (Rail futures &c.n force an<* ^avc continuance.

continued.'XX. And whereas it frequently happens, that many persons have occasion to inspect the register books of carts, carsy and drays, required by law to be kept by the said of, in order for tie more easy discovery and bringing to justice the offenders against the laws now in being relating to the drivers of such cars, carts, and drop: and whereas no directions are given by any of the said laws for the said of, or their clerk keeping such entry, to permit or suffer any person to inspect the said register books, or to make or gin Persons, hav- out any C0Py of fuc^ £ntry or tntries; be it therefore further enacting reasonable ed by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or cause, are au- persons, having reasonable cause to inspect such register boob carts» cars» or drays, kept or to be hereafter kept by Ac gifter books of, shall and may, and they are hereby a»-ofcarts, cars, thorized to inspect the same; and the said of, or and drays, their clerks keeping such register, is and are hereby direc*

and to take ted and required, upon request of any person or person

copies of the having such reasonable cause to inspect the same, to procured, 1* <*uce the register book or books of such carts, cars, or drays,

9 and to make and give to such person or persons^true copy

or copies of such entry or entries therein as shall be it* paying 4d. quired; and the said of clerk is hereby authorised to demand and receive for every such search, and a copy of every such entry, the sum of four pence, and no more; and the like sum where only such search shall be made, although no copy of such entry shall be required.

No execution,

XXI. And be it enacted, That no writ or writs of certiorori or other pro- shall supersede execution or other proceeding upon any order or ceeding of the orders made by the said of in pursuance of this act; ersTtoScfu- ^ut execution and proceedings shall and may he had and I perfeded by made thereupon; any such writ or writs, or allowance thereoff certiorari. notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued or prosecuted far any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of

General issue or t*lcy ^all anc* may plead general issue, and

' give this act and the special matter in evidence, for his and their defence; and if upon trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs upon demurrer; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (haB be.nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, then such defend* ant and defendants shall have treble costs to him or them award-

Ti«bl (b. c<* aSa31^ such plaintiff or plaintiffs; for which costs he and rcoie costs. tj, Cy slave reme(jy for recovery thereof, as any defendants or defendants hath or have in any other cases where bylaw costs are given to defendants*

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 45;

CAP. XLV.

ror encouraging and regulating the trade and menu* res of the Isle of Man; and for the more easy supply of habitants there with a certain quantity of wheats barley, meal, and flour, authorized by an act made in this to be transported to the said island.

ft gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the property of the Isle of Man being now

vested in your Majesty, your heirs and successors, in purfu-

7 at? made in the fifth year of your Majesty's reign, intitu-

act for carrying into execution a contract made, pur- Act 5 Geo. 3;

the act of parliament of the twelfth of his late majesty

orge the First, between the Commissioners of his Majel-

lury and the duke and dutchess of Atholly the proprie-

lie Isle of Many and their trustees, for the purchase of

island and its dependencies, under certain exceptions

particularly mentioned; it is expedient that provision be

encouraging, improving, and regulating the trade and ma-

ts of the said islandy and the fisheries 6n thi coasts thereof:

*eas it is necessary that a revenue Should be raisea, in the said dan, to answer these purposes, and to defray the expences of

mt there: fVey your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal flub-r commons of Great Britain assembled in parliament, being to make some provision for the purposes aforesaid, do most efeech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enact-le King's most excellent majesty, by and with the ad-l consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and cornel this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-he same. That from and after the fifth day of Jufy, one From ancj d seven hundred and sixty seven, the duties payable to after 5 July# efty in the said Isle of Mari on all goods imported there, 1767* the for-rted from thence, shall cease, determine, and be no mer duties >aid; and that in lieu thereof there shall be raised, levi- fm^rt-ested, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and succes- Ja or export-e following duties for and upon the goods and mer- ed to cease; es herein after mentioned, which shall be brought or the duties d into the said Isle of Man; that is to say, take^use*0

in lieu thereof.

ivery gallon of British spirits imported from that part of 'ritain called England, one shilling. The new

: very gallon of rum, the produce of the British plantati-iported from England, one shilling and six pence.

very pound weight of bohea tea imported from England, ling.

: very pound weight of green tea imported from England, ling and six pence.

every pound weight of coffee imported from England, nee.

For

ties.

49 6

Duties to be paid in ready money, without aay discount;

and to be raised and levied under authority and direction of the commissioners of the trea-Airy, See. and ro be paid into the ex- chequer apart from all other branches of the publick revenue.

Savings to be reserved for thedif of parliament.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1766.

For every pound weight of Tobacco imported from England^ two pence.

For every chaldron of coals, TVinckeJIer measure, imported from Great Britain or Ireland, three pence.

For and upon all hemp, iron, deal boards, and timber, imported from foreign parts, five pounds per centum ad valorem.

For every ton of French wine imported, four pounds.

For every ton of all other forts of wine imported, two pounds; and after these rates for any greater or less quantity of such wine.

For and upon all (prts of corn and grain imported from England, for which any bounty shall have been allowed and pud upon the exportation thereof, ten pounds per centum ad valorem.

For all other goods, wares, and merchandizes whatsoever, which are or may be intitled to any bounty, or to any draw* back of the duties of excise, on exportation, in Great Britan, which shall be imported from Great Britain into the said I fie if Many five pounds per centum ad valorem.

For and upon all goods, wares, and merchandizes whatsoever, not herein before particularly charged (except such goods as are exempt from duty by this act) imported from Great Britak or Ireland, two pounds ten shillings per centum ad valorem.

And for and upon all goods, wares, and merchandizes whatsoever, not herein before particularly charged (except such as are exempt from duty by this act) imported from any other port or place from whence such goods may be lawfully imported into the said Isle of Many fifteen pounds per centum d valorem,

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several rates and duties herein before granted, shall be paid down in ready money, without any discount or allowance; and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, under the authority and direction of the commKIioners of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, in like manner and form, and by the same rules, regulations, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as the duties of customs, payable in Great Britain, are raised, levied, collected, and recovered, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the body of this present act; and (except the necessary charges of raising, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for the same) the said rates and duties shall, from time to time, be brought and paid into the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and 'apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and such part thereof as shall remain, after the necessary expences attending the government of the said Isle of Man, and the administration of justice there arc from time to time defrayed* shall be reserved for the disposition of parliament.

ij66; j Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 45. 497

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Goddi al-faW, That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, it shall and may be lawful ly.f^ from for any person or persons to import into the said Isle of Mari, in any place, ex-any ship or vessel, from any port or place whatsoever, any flaxcept from # or flax? feed, raw or brown linen yarn, wood ashes and weed Great Britain, ashes, fish and flesh of all forts, and any sort of corn or grain, from any part or place whatsoever (except from Great Britain en!y) without payment of any custom or other duty whatsoever.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Goods, See. feid. That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thou- allowed to be fend seven hundred and sixty seven, it shall and may be lawful imported du-for any of his Majesty's subjects to import into the said JJle orcat Britain. of Man, in British vessels navigated according to law, from any or Ireland; port or place in Great Britain or Ireland\ any sort of white or

brown linen cloth, and hemp or hemp feed being the produce or manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland; horses and black cattle; all utensils and instruments fit and necessary to be employed in manufactures, fisheries, or agriculture; bricks and risles; all forts of young trees, sea-shells, lime, and foapers-waste, pack-thread and small cordage for nets, without payment of any custom or duty whatsoever for the same.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- from Great said. That from and after the said fifth day of July one thou- Britain only, fend seven hundred and sixty seven, it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's subjects to import into the said Isle of

Man, in British vessels navigated according to law, from any

port or place, in Great Britain, without payment of any custom

or duty whatsoever, any sort of salt, boards, timber, and hoops,

being the produce and manufacture of Great Britain; iron in

rods or bars, cotton, indico, naval stores, and any sort of wood

commonly called Lumber (as specified in an act passed in the

eighth year of the reign of King George the First, intituled An Act 8 Geo. 1.

act for giving further encouragement for the importation of naval

fores, and for other purposes therein mentioned) of the growth,

+production, or manufacture, of any British colony or plantation in America; and all other goods or the growth, production, or manufacture, of the said colonies or plantations, for which any bounty or premium is allowed by law on the importation thereof into Great Britain.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Dae entry to authority aforesaid, That due entries shall be made of the goods bemadeof the herein before mentioned, which are allowed to be imported in- portC(j .0im* to the said Isle of Man duty free, at the custom house for the p

port or place where the same shall be imported, expressing the /

quantity and qualities of such goods, in the usual manner, be- and the same fore landing thereof, and the lame shall be landed in the pre- to be landed fence of the proper officer of the customs for that purpose; onin the pre-failure whereof, the said goods shall be liable to the duty of fifteen pounds per centum ad valorem; any thing in this act con- penalty of'gained {o the contrary notwithstanding,paying duty.

importation of the several articles here mentioned;

on forfeiture of the goods vmh the vessel.

498 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1766.

Restrictions

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by authority aforesaid, Pd That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand

observed with seven hundred and sixty seven, no linen cloth shall be imported respect to the Into the said Isle of Man, but such only as shall be bona fide and without fraud laden and shipped in Great Britain or Ireland, and carried directly from thence; and no glass or woollen manufactures shall be imported into the said Isle of Man, but such ooly as shall be bona fide laden and shipped in Great Britain, and carried diredfly from thence; and no teas, brandy, strong waters, or other spirits whatsoever, coffee, or tobacco, shall be imported into the said Isle of Man, but such only as shall be bona fide and without fraud laden and shipped at some port of England, and carried directly from thence, under the restrictions and limitations herein after mentioned; upon the forfeiture of all such goods as shall be imported or carried contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, or the value thereof, together with the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported or carried, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel; to be seized by any officer or officers of the customs, and profecured and sued for as herein after directed; any law, custom, or uiagfc to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, the of of his granVlicences customs in England, or any three of them, shall and

to export cer- may grant licence, without fee or reward (to continue in force tain cjuaiiti for three months) to any of his Majesty's subjects, to cx-t: esof particu. portj from any port of England into the port of Douglas in the Isle of Man, but to no other, in British ships navigated according to law any quantity of spirits, not exceeding in the whole, fifty thousand gallons of British distilled spirits, and thirty thousand gallons of rum the produce of the British plantations; any quantity of tea, not exceeding twenty thousand pounds weight of bohea tea, and five thousand pounds weight of green tea, ia one year; any quantity of coffee, not exceeding five thousand pounds weight, in one year; and any quantity of tobacco, not exceeding one hundred and twenty thousand pounds weight, ia one year, to commence from the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and in every succeed-Drawback* al- ing year; and for the goods so exported, by virtue of such li-Wed on the cence, the exporter shall be intitled to receive the like drawbacks, exportation of fout unjcr the same security, regulations, and restrictions, in alj tlieiai g t. respects^ as are allowed and prescribed for such goods respectively when exported from Great Britain to Ireland; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: and his Majesty's receiver general of the Isle of Man, or his deputy, is hereby enjoined and required to keep a register, at the port of Douglas, of the quantity of each species of goods so imported as aforesaid; and to transmit an account thereof, every quarter, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs at J^ndon.

Commissioners of the customs im-

Jar species of goods from England into the poi t of Douglas.

Register to be kept at Doughs, of the quantity of each species so imported, and an account thereof to be transmitted to the comwiifianers at London.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 45* 499

IX. And whereas there are now secured for the duties, in his The tobacco Mfijeflfs warehouse at the port of Douglas in the Isle of Man, one 17

hundred bogjbeadsy containing one hundred thousand pounds weight of the said tobacco, and upwards\ which were imported into the said port the je- port, venteenth day of March last; be it enacted by the authority afore-.

laid. That the said tobacco shall be deemed and considered as a° partoTthe

J>art of the limited quantity allowed by this act for one year, quantity li-irom the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and mited and al-sixty seven; and that it shall and may be lawful for any of his Majesty's subjects to import into the said island, under the re- year#or*frictions and limitations, before mentioned, only so much tobacco, within the time above specified, as will make up the said annual allowance of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds weight.

X. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- None of the said. That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thou- g00*8 here tmid seven hundred and sixty seven, no tea, brandy, strong to^uiSwted waters, or foirits, of any kind whatsoever, coffee, chocolate, again,* tobacco, glals, or coals, British or other wrought silks, or salt,nor any wine, shall be exported, or shipped or laden on board any ship, vessel, or boat, in order to be exported, from the said 1JU of Man, to any place whatsoever; on forfeiture of all such on forfeiture goods, or the value thereof, together with the ship, vessel, or hereof, to-boat, in which the same shall be laden, with all her furniture: v7ffiU.

to be seized by any officer or officers of the customs, and fuca for and prosecuted as herein after is directed.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Regulations said. That all goods carried coast wife in the said Isle of Man to be ob.'erved shall be subject to the same securities, rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, in all respects, as are prescribed and directed, by any act of parliament now in force, with respect to goods carried coastwise in Great Britain.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- No wool, said. That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thou- woollen or seven hundred and sixty seven, no wool, woollen or bay yarn, or live sheep, shall be exported, or shipped or laden on board bTex-any ship, vessel, or boat, in order to be exported, from the Isle ported; of Man\ under the like penalties and forfeitures as are inflicted, by any law now in force, against the exporting such goods from Great Britain to foreign parts; except as herein after is provided.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by except to the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein before contained Great Rritaia# shall extend to prohibit the exportation of wool, woolen or bay jarn, or live sheep, from the Isle of Man to Great Britain; the exporter first giving bond to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc- and bond in ceUors, with one or more sufficient surety or sureties, to be ap-.proved of by his Majesty's receiver general or his deputy in the t^e Isle of Man, in the penalty of five hundred pounds, for the due porter, landing thereof according to the entry, and to return a certificate within three months from the date of such bond, under the

500 Anno septimo Georgii III. C. 45; [1766.

hands and seals of the collector and comptroller, or other pro? per officer, of the customs, at the port or place in Great Bfi-tain, where such goods shall be landed, tedifying the landing thereof; the danger of the seas and enemies excepted.

Theuftul

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority drawbacksaU a^orefa^> That from and after the said fifth day of Jufy, one lowed on ex- thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, all goods, wares, and partition of merchandizes (malt and barley excepted) which may be Jaw-£0<*h ({"*1* fully exported from Great Britain, to the Isle of Matty (haOL «pted) fit>m upon exported, be intitled to the same drawbacks and

Great Britain bounties, under the like rules, restrictions, securities, penalties, to the isle of and forfeitures, in all respects, as such goods are intitled or in-man, as to blc to by law upon exportation from Great Britain to Ireland.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afow-of low wines foul, That from and after the said fifth day of Jufy, one thou-or other fpi- sand seven hundred and sixty seven, no low wines or spirits £uxo be car- whatsoever shall be made, extracted, or distilled, within die Ip ned on; 0j- Matt, from any wheat, barley, malt, or any sort of grain, or from any meal, or flour, or from any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith; and if any person or persons whatsoever shall make, extract, ordistill, or cause or procure to be made, extracted, or distilled, any low wines or spirits, from any wheat, barley, malt, or other grain, or from any meal of flour, or from any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith; or shall use or mix, or cause or procure to be used or mixed, any wheat, barley, malt, or other grain, or any meal or flour, or any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith, in any worts or wash, in order for the making, extracting, or distilling, low wines or spirits; or shall put or lav, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any tun, wafti-baten, cask, copper, (till, or other vessel or utensil, any wheat, barley, malt, or other grain, or any tribal or flour, or any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith, for the purpose of preparing any worts or wash, or for making, extracting* ordi« (tilting, low wines or spirits, in the said Isle of Man\ that then, and in each and every of the said cases, such person or persons acting contrary to the directions of this act, or the person or persons in whose custody or possession any such tun, wa(h-batch, cask, copper, (till, or other vessel or utensil, which shall be made on forfeiture use of contrary to the intention of this act, shall be found, shall of tool, with respectively, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the Aim of the inaterials two hundred pounds; and all such wheat, barley, malt, and 9-Knd utensil*. tjier grajnj and such nicai and flour> and such foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith, and such worts mid wash, low wines and spirits, with the tuns, wash-batches, casks, coppers, (tills, or other vessels orutensils, so made use of, shall be also forfeited; and may be seized by any officer ojr officers of the customs, and sued for and prosecuted as herein after is directed.

Vessel built in

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a-

the island, be- foresaid, That all ships or vessels which have been* or shall be, PS? rcgHtered*r'f

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 45. 501

built in the Isle of Man, and shall be owned by his Maidt/s sub- and duly at-jests in the said island, shall be deemed and pass as (nips of the jested(!joC: tji|l built of Great Britain, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, n

upon one or more of the owners thereof registering fuel) ships or vessels, and making proof upon oath of the built and property thereof, before his Majesty's receiver general, or his deputy, in the said Isle of Man, in the manner and form directed for registering ships, by an act made in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An afffor act 7 & t preventing frauds, and regulating abuses, in the plantation trade; Will? y which oath shall be attested by the officer who administered the same, and, being registered by him, shall be delivered to the master of such ship or vessel, for security of her navigation; and a duplicate thereof shall be trapsmitted, by the said receiver general, or his deputy, to the port of London, to be there entered in the general register of all trading ships belonging to Great Britain.

XVII. And, for promoting indu/Iry9 and to encourage the inhabi- Bounties al-tants of the Isle of Man to engage in the herring fishery upon the l°wed for the ioajls thereof and in the manufacture of linen cloth, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth herring fifo-day of Jaly, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, the ery, aS4 ma-several an<d respective bounties or sums of money herein aftej: mifefture of mentioned, shall be allowed and pa}d for the boats employed ip cloth| such fishery, and to the manufacturers of such linen cloth, under the several limitations and restrictions herein after expressed; that is to say.

To the owner or master of such boat as shall take the first For the en* maze, confiding of five hundred herrings, in each season, vi- coura8Y^ delicety between the first of June and the first of December in every year, the sum of five pounds.

To the owner or master of the boat which shall fish the great-eft number of nights in each season as aforesaid, the sum of ten pounds.

To the owner or master of thfe boat ^rhich shall fish the fecont) or next greatest number of nights in each season as aforesaid, the sum of seven pounds, ten shillings.

To the owner or master of the boat which shall fid) the thir<J jgreateft number of nights in each season as aforesaid, the fun) of five pounds.

To the owner or master of the boat which shall fish the fourth greatest number of nights in each season as aforesaid, the sum of two pounds, ten shillings.

To the owner or master of the boat which shall tafce the greatest number of herrings in each season, provided it exceeds fifty.maze, or twenty five thousand herrings, the sum of ten pounds.

To the owner or master of the boat which shall take the second or next greatest quantity of herrings in each season, exceeding the number of twenty five thousand herrings, the fuq) of five pounds, 5

To

For the encouragement of the linen manui'a&ure.

Anno flrptimo Georgii III. c. 45. [1766.

To the owner or matter of the boat which shall take the lift maze of herrings each season, the sum of five pounds. To the admiral of the herring fishery for each season, the sum of five pounds.

To the vice admiral of the said fishery for each season, the sum of three pounds.

To the water bailiff of the island or his deputy, in confederation of the trouble and expences of attending at the several ports, and vifuing the coatts during the herring filming season, the (um of twenty pounds.

' To the weaver or person who shall weave, in each year, the greatest number of yards of linen cloth within the said island, of the value of ten pence, and not exceeding the value of one (hit ling and six pence per yard, the sum of (ix pounds.

To the weaver or person who shall weave, in each year, the next greatest number of yards of linen cloth within the said island, of like value, the sum of four pounds.

To the person who shall spin, in each year, the greatest quantity of linen yarn within the said island, the sum or five pounds.

To the person who shall spin, in each year, the next greatest quantity of linen yarn within the said island, the sum of three pounds.

To the person who shall export for sale, in each year, the greatest number of yards of linen cloth of the manufacture of the said island, being all his own property, the sum of ten pounds.

Bounties to Which several and respective allowances, herein before men-be paid out of tioned, shall be paid upon demand to the respective persons in-dh^t*t*ec^ t*lcrct0» by his Majesty's receiver general in the IJU of Maty u or his deputy, out of the duties of ten shillings payable to his Majesty, in the said isle, for and upon every boat or other veflS employed in the herring fishery, and out of the money arising to his Majesty from the several bay fittieries of the said island. Claims with XVIII. Andy in order to ascertain the number of nights fab respect to the ^oati have fjbedy it is hereby further enacted by the autho-fies'how^pbe r*y aforesaid, That the matter of every boat employed in the aTcertained. fishery shall deliver, weekly, an account in writing of the number of nights he has so fished in each preceding week, to the admiral or vice admiral of the herring fishery; which accounts shall be verified by the oaths of the admiral or vice admiral, and the matter of the boat claiming such bounty, at the end of each*season, before the water bailiff of the island, or his deputy; and in case the money arising by the said duties payable to his Majesty, in the said IJkof Matty for and upon boats and vessels em-If the fund ployed in the herring fishery, and from the several bay fisheries prove infuffi- of the said island, shall not be sufficient m any season to pay the cienr in any bounties herein before granted, then the said bounties shall be boun?ie« to be onty Pa*n e5ua^ rates alw* proportions, according to the rc-psuTpropor- ceipt of the said duties, and the money arising from the Cud bay Uoually. fittieries.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 4 f. 503

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the The (idling authority aforesaid, That no person shall be intitled to the boun- boa.t* to ties herein before mentioned, unless the boat, for which such th!^maf-bounty is claimed, shall, before (he proceeds upon the fishery ten thereof to in each fcaion, be registered at the custom house at the port of give bond, in Douglas; and the mailer of such boat shall give bond to his Ma- °.^cr jesty, his heirs and successors, with one or more sufficient sure- the^untiesl ty, to be approved of by his Majesty's receiver general, or his

deputy, in the penal sum of one hundred pounds, that such boat shall not export, from the said IJk of Man, any goods prohibited to be exported from thence; or import, into the said isle, any goods prohibited to be imported there; or export or import there, as aforesaid, any customable goods, for which the'I

duties due and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, have not been duly answered and paid; and shall not be otherwise employed or used in any illicit trade, whereby his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall or may be defrauded: which bonds The bends shall continue in force for three years from the dates thereof; to be in fbrcO and, in case no fraud shall appear within that time, it shall and for 3 ycarl* fnay be lawful for his Majesty's said receiver genbral to cancel the same.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- RegifteTs said, That it shall and may be lawful for the officer registering fees, any ship, vessel, or boat, and taking any bond in pursuance of

this act, to demand and receive from the master or owner of tuch ship, vessel, or boat, one shilling for every register, and from the person giving such bond, one shilling for every bond, and no more.

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That be- Claims with fore any person shall be intitled to the respective bounties, grant- respect to the ed by this act for the encouragement of the linen manufacture, [i^how^o'bt each person claiming such bounty shall respectively make oath ascertained. before his Majesty's receiver general of theisland, or his deputy,

of the number ot yards of linen cloth wove or exported by the said person so claiming, and also of the quantity of linen yarn spun by the person claiming the bounty for spinning, agreeable to the terms before specified.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a- Where goods foresaid, That from and after the said fifth day of July, one un" thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, if any goods, wares, or iaJScd before merchandizes, liable to the payment of duties in the IJU of Man duty paid; by this or any other act of parliament, shall be unftlipped or

landed from any ship or vessel inward bound, before the respective duties due thereon are paid, agreeable to law; or if any pro- or prohibited hibited goods whatsoever shall be imported into, or exported goodsbe im-out of, the said IJU of Man; every person who shall be assisting or otherwise concerned, either in the unshipping or landing in- the parties wards, or in shipping or loading outwards, such goods, or to concerned whose hands the same shall knowingly come after the unship- forfeit treble ping, landing, or relanding the same, shall, for each and every tllc va*uc» offence, forfeit treble the value of such goods, to be estimated

504. Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 45. f 1766

and computed according to the bed price that each commodity then bears at the town and port of Douglas in the said iflantl; with the and the said goods, and all the boats, horses, cattle, and car-goods, boats, riages whatsoever, made use of in the landing, loacting, recattle, and moving, carriage, or conveyance thereof, shall 'also be forfeited carnages. afMj loft; an(j |ga|j ancj may^by officer or officen

of the customs, and sued for and prosecuted as herein after mentioned.

gums payable

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a-an purftiance foresaid, That all Aims of money which shall be paid, incurred, f ^hi*&* to or recovered, in pursuance of this act, shall be deemed, and are money of hereby declared to be, sterling nionw of Great Britain; and

Great Britain, shall be paid, collected, and recovered, to the amount of the

value which such nominal sums bear in Great Britain. Forfeitures

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority i-and penalties foresaid, That all forfeitures and penalties intlifted by this act, to be sued for as well specifick as pecuniary, and all suits or informations andrpcpvcred, wb; ch shall be brought or commenced for the recovery thereof, shall be sued for, prosecuted, tried, heard, and determined, and and applied as the said penalties and forfeitures distributed and disposed of, in afte Geo. 3. such manner and form, and by such rules, regulations, and re-

*hresf strictions, as are prescribed and directed in and by an act made

in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual preventing the mifthiefs arising to the revenue and commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandestine trade to and from the Isle of Man, with respect to the forfeitures and penalties therein mentioned.

Recital of

XXV. And whereas by an act passed in this present session of per-clause in an Ilament, intituled An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the tx-this portation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and n# starch; and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour; it is, amongst other things, enaflei. That the said act shall not extend to two thousand five hundred quarters §f wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, trartfpor ted from the ports tf Southampton or Exeter only, unto the Isle of Man, for the use if the inhabitants of the said island, under certain restrictions in theflni act mentioned: and whereas the ports of Southampton and Exeter, being remote from the Isle of Man, the navigation is too expenfhn and inconvenient to carry the said goods from thence; by which means the good purposes intended by the said ah has been in a great measurt, The quantity if not entirely, ineffectual; be it therefore enacted by the ao-limited by the thority aforesaid, That, from aftd after the pa fling of this act,

whe^f bar-of lt*anc* mayavv^u^or any Majesty's subjects, at Icy, See. for any ^mc or times during the continuance of the said recited act, the use of the to transport wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, from the ports inhabitants, of Whitehaven and Liverpool only, instead of the ports of South-wmdfrora tsmpton and Exeter, under the like restrictions, securities, and li- Whitehaven nutations, as are mentioned in the said recited act; so as the and Uver- whole quantity of wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, which pool, instead shall be shipped at both the said ports of Whitehaven and Uver-together with the quantity of wheat, barley, oats, meal,

---

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 46. 505

and flour (if any) which shall have been shipped at the said ports of Southampton and Exeter, for the Isle of Many as aforesaid, shall not exceed two thousand five hundred quarters; one moiety of the quantity so to be shipped under the authority of this act, shall be shipped at the port of Whitehaven, and the other moiety thereof at the said port of Liverpool; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for granting certain duties in the British colonies and plantations in America; for allowing a drawback of the duties of customs upon the exportation, from this kingdom, of coffee and cocoa nuts of the produce of the said colonies or plantations; for discontinuing the drawbacks payable on china earthen ware exported to America; and for more effectually preventing the clandestine running of goods in the said colonies and plantations.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a revenue should be raised in your Majesty's dominions in America, for making a more certain and adequate provision for defraying the charge of the administration of justice, and the support of civil government, in such provinces where it shall be found necessary; and towards further defraying the expenses of defending, protecting, and securing, the said dominions; we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, have therefore resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[from and after 20 Nov. 1767, the duties following are to take place, upon the respective goods herein after mentioned imported from Great Britain into the British colonies and plantations in America; viz,]

That from and after the twentieth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for and upon the respective goods herein after mentioned, which shall be imported from Great Britain into any colony or plantation in America which now is, or hereafter may be, under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, the several rates and duties following; that is to say,

[Upon glass,]

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of crown, plate, flint, and white glass, four shillings and eight pence.

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of green glass, one shilling and two pence.

[Red lead,]

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of red lead, two shillings.

[White lead,]

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of white lead, two shillings.

506 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 46. [1766.

[Painters colours,]

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of painters colours, two shillings.

[Teas,]

For every pound weight avoirdupois of tea, three pence.

[and paper:]

For every ream of paper, usually called or known by the name of Atlas Fine, twelve shillings.

For every ream of paper called Atlas Ordinary, six shillings.

For every ream of paper called Bastard, or Double Copy, one shilling and six pence.

For every single ream of blue paper for sugar bakers, ten pence halfpenny

For every ream of paper called Blue Royal, one shilling and six pence.

For every bundle of brown paper containing forty quires, not made in Great Britain, six pence.

For every ream of paper called Brown Cap. not made in Great Britain, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called Brown Large Cap. made in Great Britain, four pence halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Small Ordinary Brown, made in Great Britain, three pence.

For every bundle, containing forty quires, of paper called Whited Brown, made in Great Britain, four pence halfpenny.

For every ream of cartridge paper, one shilling and one penny halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Chancery Double, one shilling and six pence.

For every ream of paper called Genoa Crown Fine, on shilling and one penny halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Genoa Crown Second, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called German Crown, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called Fine Printing Crown, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called Second Ordinary Printing Crown, six pence three farthings.

For every ream of paper called Crown Fine, made in Great Britain, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called Crown Second, made in Great Britain, six pence three farthings.

For every ream of paper called Demy Fine, not made in Great Britain, three shillings.

For every ream of paper called Demy Second, not made in Great Britain, one shilling and four pence halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Demy Fine, made in Great Britain, one shilling and one penny halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Demy Second, made in Great Britain, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called Demy Printing, one shilling and three pence.

For every ream of paper called Genoa Demy Fine, one shilling and six pence.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 46. 507

For every ream of paper called Genoa Demy Second, one shilling and one penny halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called German Demy, one shilling and one penny halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Elephant Fine, six shillings.

For every ream of paper called Elephant Ordinary, two shillings and five pence farthing.

For every ream of paper called Genoa Fools Cap Fine, one shilling and one penny halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Genoa Fools Cap Second, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called German Fools Cap. nine pence.

For every ream of paper called Fine Printing Fools Cap. nine pence.

For every ream of paper called Second Ordinary Printing Fools Cap. six pence three farthings.

For every ream of any other paper called Fools Cap Fine, not made in Great Britain, one shilling and ten pence halfpenny.

For every ream of any other paper called Fools Cap Fine Second, not made in Great Britain, one shilling and six pence.

For every ream of paper Fools Cap Fine, made in Great Britain, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called Fools Cap Second, made in Great Britain, six pence three farthings.

For every ream of paper called Imperial Fine, twelve shillings.

For every ream of paper called Second Writing Imperial, eight shillings and three pence.

For every ream of paper called German Lombard, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called Medium Fine, four shillings and six pence.

For every ream of paper called Genoa Medium, one shilling and ten pence halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Second Writing Medium, three shillings.

For every ream of painted paper, not made in Great Britain, six shillings.

For every ream of paper called Fine Large Post, one shilling and ten pence halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Small Post, one shilling and one penny halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Fine Genoa Pot, six pence three farthings.

For every ream of paper called Second Genoa Pot, six pence three farthings.

For every ream of other paper called Superfine Pot, not made in Great Britain, one shilling and six pence.

For every ream of other paper called Second Fine Pot, not made in Great Britain, one shilling and one penny halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Ordinary Pot, not made in Great Britain, six pence three farthings.

For every ream of paper called Fine Pot, made in Great Britain, nine pence.

508 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 46. [1766.

For every ream of paper called Second Pot, made in Great Britain, four pence halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Super Royal Fine, nine shillings.

For every ream of paper called Royal Fine, six shillings.

For every ream of paper called Fine Holland Royal, two shillings and five pence farthing.

For every ream of paper called Fine Holland Second, one shilling and six pence.

For every ream of paper called Second Fine Holland Royal, one shilling and six pence.

For every ream of paper called Ordinary Royal, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called Genoa Royal, two shillings and five pence farthing.

For every ream of paper called Second Writing Royal, four shillings and one penny halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Second Writing Super Royal, six shillings.

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of paste-boards, mill-boards, and scale-boards, not made in Great Britain, three shillings and nine pence.

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of paste-boards, mill-boards, and scale-boards, made in Great Britain, two shillings and three pence.

And for and upon all paper which shall be printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain, to serve for hangings or other uses, three farthings for every yard square, over and above the duties payable for such paper by this act, if the same had not been printed, painted, or stained; and after those rates respectively for any greater or less quantity.

[All other unrated paper how to be charged.]

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all other paper (not being particularly rated and charged in this act) shall pay the several and respective duties that are charged by this act, upon such paper as is nearest above in size and goodness to such unrated paper.

[Quantity of which a ream and quire are to consist.]

III. And be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a ream of paper, chargeable by this act, shall be understood to consist of twenty quires, and each quire of twenty four sheets.

[Duties to be paid as sterling money of Great Britain.]

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said rates and duties, charged by this act upon goods imported into any British American colony or plantation, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be, sterling money of Great Britain; and shall be collected, recovered, and paid to the amount of the value which such nominal sums bear in Great Britain;

[at the rate of 5s. 6d. per oz. in silver; and to be paid and levied as]

and that such monies may be received and taken, according to the proportion and value of five shillings and six pence the ounce in silver; and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, in the same manner and form, and by such rules, ways, and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures,

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 46. 509

[any other duties payable to his Majesty;]

as any other duties, now payable to his Majesty upon goods imported into the said colonies or plantations, may be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, by any act or acts of parliament now in force, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated, and again enacted, in the body of this present act:

[and to be applied, in the first place, in making provisions for the administration of justice, and support of the civil government; and the residue to be paid into the exchequer, and reserved for the disposition of parliament.]

and that all the monies that shall arise by the said duties (except the necessary charges of raising, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying, and accounting for the same) shall be applied, in the first place, in such manner as is herein after mentioned, in making a more certain and adequate provision for the charge of the administration of justice, and the support of civil government, in such of the said colonies and plantations where it shall be found necessary; and that the residue of such duties shall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors; and shall be there reserved, to be from time to time disposed of by parliament towards defraying the necessary expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the British colonies and plantations in America.

[His Majesty impowered to cause such monies to be applied out of the produce of the said duties as he shall judge necessary for defraying the charges of the administration of justice and civil government there.]

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his Majesty and his successors shall be, and are hereby, impowered, from time to time, by any warrant or warrants under his or their royal sign manual or sign manuals, countersigned by the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, to cause such monies to be applied, out of the produce of the duties granted by this act, as his Majesty, or his successors, shall think proper or necessary, for defraying the charges of the administration of justice, and the support of the civil government, within all or any of the said colonies or plantations.

VI. And whereas the allowing a drawback of all the duties of customs upon the exportation, from this kingdom, of coffee and cocoa nuts, the growth of the British dominions in America, may be a means of encouraging the growth of coffee and cocoa in the said dominions; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid,

[Drawback of the duties of customs allowed upon exportation from this kingdom, of coffee and cocoa nuts, produce of the British American plantations.]

That from and after the said twentieth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, upon the exportation of any coffee or cocoa nuts, of the growth or produce of any British colony or plantation in America, from this kingdom as merchandize, the whole duties of customs, payable upon the importation of such coffee or cocoa nuts, shall be drawn back and repaid; in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as any drawback or allowance, payable out of the duties of customs upon the exportation of such coffee or cocoa nuts, was, could, or might be paid, before the passing of this act; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Drawback discontinued upon such china earthen ware sold after the]

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no drawback shall be allowed for any china earthen

510 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 46. [1766.

[passing of this act, at the company's sale, as shall be exported to America.]

ware sold, after the passing of this act, at the sale of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, which shall be entered for exportation from Great Britain to any part of America; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Penalty of fraudulently entering for exportation any such ware as sold before the passing of this act, that had been sold after;]

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any china earthen ware sold, after the passing of this act, at the sale of the said united company, shall be entered for exportation to any part of America as china earthen ware that had been sold at the sale of the said company before that time;

[or of entering such ware for foreign parts, to obtain a drawback, and carrying the same to, and landing it in, America.]

or, if any china earthen ware shall be entered for exportation to any parts beyond the seas, other than to some part of America, in order to obtain any drawback thereon, and the said china earthen ware shall nevertheless be carried to any part of America, and landed there contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act;

[Method of recovery and application of the penalty.]

that then, in each and every such case, the drawback shall be forfeited; and the merchant or other person making such entry, and the master or person taking the charge of the ship or vessel on board which the said goods shall be loaden for exportation, shall forfeit double the amount of the drawback paid, or to be paid, for the same, and also treble the value of the said goods; one moiety to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors; and the other moiety to such officer of the customs as shall sue for the same; to be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in such manner and form, and by the same rules and regulations, as other penalties inflicted for offences against any laws relating to the customs may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, by any act or acts of parliament now in force.

[Entry and report to be made of all vessels on their arrival in any of the British colonies in America, before they proceed to the place of unlading.]

IX. And, for the more effectual preventing the clandestine running of goods in the British dominions in America, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twentieth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, the master or other person having or taking the charge or command of every ship or vessel arriving in any British colony or plantation in America shall, before he proceeds with his vessel to the place of unlading, come directly to the custom house for the port or district where he arrives, and make a just and true entry, upon oath, before the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs there, of the burthen, contents, and lading of such ship or vessel, with the particular marks, numbers, qualities, and contents, of every parcel of goods therein laden, to the best of his knowledge; also where and in what port she took in her lading; of what country built; how manned; who was master during the voyage, and who are owners thereof;

[Entry also and report to be made outwards, before any part of the lading shall be taken in;]

and whether any, and what goods, during the course of such voyage, had or had not been discharged out of such ship or vessel, and where: and the master or other person having or taking the charge or command of every ship or vessel, going out from any British colony or plantation in America, before he shall take in, or suffer to be taken into or laden on board any such ship or vessel, any goods, wares, or merchandizes, to

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 46. 511

be exported, shall, in like manner, enter and report outwards such ship or vessel, with her name and burthen, of what country built, and how manned, with the names of the master and owners thereof, and to what port or place he intends to pass or sail:

[and a content to be delivered before sailing.]

and before he shall depart with such ship or vessel out of any such colony or plantation, he shall also bring and deliver unto the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs at the port or place where he shall lade, a content in writing, under his hand, of the name of every merchant, or other person who shall have laden, or put on board any such ship or vessel, any goods or merchandize, together with the marks and numbers of such goods or merchandize:

[Master also of every vessel coming into, or going out of, any British colony, to answer upon oath to the questions demanded of him at the custom house by the collector, &c. of the port, on penalty of 100l.]

and such master or person having or taking the charge or command of every such ship or vessel, either coming into, or going out of, any British colony or plantation as aforesaid, whether such ship or vessel shall be laden or in ballast, or otherwise, shall likewise publickly, in the open custom house, to the best of his knowledge, answer upon oath to such questions as shall be demanded of him by the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs for such port or place, concerning such ship or vessel, and the destination of her voyage, or concerning any goods or merchandize that shall or may be laden on board her, upon forfeiture of one hundred pound sterling money of Great Britain, for each and every default or neglect; to be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and divided, in the same manner and form, by the same rules and regulations in all respects, as other pecuniary penalties, for offences against the laws relating to the customs or trade of his Majesty's colonies in America, may, by any act or acts of parliament now in force, be prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided.

[Clauses in act 14 Car. 2.]

X. And whereas by an act of parliament made in the fourteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for preventing frauds, and regulating abuses, in his Majesty's customs, and several other acts now in force, it is lawful for any officer of his Majesty's customs, authorized by writ of assistance under the seal of his Majesty's court or exchequer, to take a constable, headborough, or other public officer inhabiting near unto the place, and in the day-time to enter and go into any house, shop, cellar, warehouse, or room or other place, and, in case of resistance, to break open doors, chests, trunks, and other package there, to seize, and from thence to bring, any kinds of goods or merchandize whatsoever prohibited or uncustomed, and to put and secure the same in his Majesty's store-house next to the place where such seizure shall be made:

[Act 7 & 8 Will. 3.]

and whereas by an act made in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act for preventing frauds, and regulating abuses, in the plantation trade, it is, amongst other things, enacted, that the officers for collecting and managing his Majesty's revenue, and inspecting the plantation trade, in America, shall have the same powers and authorities to enter houses or warehouses, to search for and seize goods prohibited to be imported or exported into or out of any of the said plantations, or for which any duties are payable, or ought to

512 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 47. [1766.

have been paid; and that the like assistance shall be given to the said officers in the execution of their office, as, by the said recited act of the fourteenth year of King Charles the Second, is provided for the officers in England: but, no authority being expressly given by the said act, made in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, to any particular court to grant such writs of assistance for the officers of the customs in the said plantations, it is doubted whether such officers can legally enter houses and other places on land, to search for and seize goods, in the manner directed by the said recited acts: To obviate which doubts for the future, and in order to carry the intention of the said recited acts into effectual execution, be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid,

[Writs of assistance, pursuant to the recited acts, to be granted by the supreme court of justice having jurisdiction in the colony.]

That from and after the said twentieth day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, such writs of assistance, to authorize and impower the officer of his Majesty's customs to enter and go into any house, warehouse, shop, cellar, or other place, in the British colonies of plantations of America, to search for and seize prohibited or uncustomed goods, in the manner directed by the said recited acts, shall and may be granted by the said superior or supreme courts of justice having jurisdiction within such colony or plantation respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced either in Great Britain or America, against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act,

[General issue.]

the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants: and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff;

[Treble costs.]

the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as defendants have in other cases by law.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for discontinuing the duties on logwood exported; for taking off the duties on Succus Liquoritiae imported, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for explaining such parts of two acts made in the tenth and twelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, as relate to certain duties on silks, printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain; for granting a duty upon the exportation of such rice as shall have been imported duty-free, in pursuance of an act made in this session of parliament: and for more effectually preventing the wear of foreign lace and needle work which are prohibited to be imported into this kingdom,

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 47. 513

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the discontinuing the duty payable upon the exportation of logwood from this kingdom, may be a means of encouraging the importation thereof; May it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[from and after 20 July, 1767, no duties to be paid upon the exportation of logwood to foreign parts;]

That from and after the twentieth day of July, one thousand seven and sixty seven, the duty now payable upon logwood, exported from this kingdom to any parts beyond the seas, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any law, custom or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[provided due entries be made thereof,]

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That due entries shall be made at the custom-house of all such logwood, upon which the duty is taken off by this act, in the same manner and form, expressing the quantities and qualities thereof, as was used and practised before the making of this act;

[and the same be shipped in presence of an officer, and in British built vessels;]

and such logwood shall be shipped outwards in the presence of the proper officers of the customs appointed for that purpose; and the exportation thereof shall be in British built ships or vessels, navigated according to law;

[otherwise to pay duty.]

and on failure of the said conditions and directions, or any of them, the said logwood shall be liable to the same duty as if this act had never been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas Succus Liquoritiae is rated in the book of rates made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, at one shilling per pound weight; according to which value, the duties now payable upon Succus Liquoritiae, imported into this kingdom, amount to seven pounds, two shillings, and six pence, for every hundred weight thereof: and whereas it has been found, by experience, that the said duties are too high; which has induced many persons to import clandestinely great quantities of such Succus Liquoritiae, to the prejudice of the revenue and the fair trader:

[The former duty on Succus Liquoritiae to cease;]

For remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twentieth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, the several duties payable upon the importation of Succus Liquoritiae shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid;

[and in lieu thereof 30s. per hundred weight,]

and, in lieu thereof, there shall be paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for every hundred weight avoirdupois of Succus Liquoritiae, which from and after the said twentieth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, shall be imported into Great Britain, the sum of thirty shillings.

[to be paid in ready money; and without discount; or drawback on exportation, &c.]

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duty by this act granted shall be paid down in ready money, without any discount or allowance; and shall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of the same goods; and shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same manner and form, and by such rules, ways, and means, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as the duties

514 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 47. [1766.

upon Succus Liquoritiae hereby determined, or any of them, might have been raised, levied, recovered, and paid, if the same, or any of them, had continued.

[and to be applied as the present duties upon drugs.]

V. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the duties to arise upon the importation of Succus Liquoritiae pursuant to this act (the necessary charges of management excepted) shall be appropriated and applied, as near as may be, to the same uses and purposes as the present duties upon drugs, rated by the book of rates made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, are applicable, or ought to be applied.

[Recital of clause in act to Anne;]

VI. And whereas by an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for laying several duties upon all sope and paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon chequered and striped linen imported; and upon certain silks, callicoes, linens, and stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and upon several kinds of stampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets, and advertisements; for raising the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds, by way of a lottery, towards her Majesty's supply; and for licensing an additional number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain stocks of cards and dice; and for better securing her Majesty's duties to arise in the office of stamp duties by licences for marriages, and otherwise; and for relief of persons who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have lost exchequer bills or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon stock (part of the capital of the South Sea company) for the use of the public; it is, amongst other things, enacted, that there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of her Majesty her heirs, and successors, for and upon all silks, calicoes, linens, and stuffs, of what kind soever, which, at any time or times, within or during the term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the twentieth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and twelve, should be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain (such calicoes, linens, and fustians, as should be dyed throughout of one colour only; and stuffs made of woollen, or whereof the greatest part in value should be woollen; always excepted) the several and respective rates and duties herein after expressed (over and above the duties payable upon the importation of them, or any of them) that is to say,

[Duties payable by virtue of the said act on silks,]

For and upon all silks so printed, stained, or painted, in Great Britain (silk handkerchiefs excepted) the sum of six pence for every yard in length, reckoning half a yard for the breadth.

[and on silk handkerchiefs.]

And for all silk handkerchiefs so printed, stained, or painted, in Great Britain, the sum of three pence for every yard square; and in those proportions for wider or narrower silks.

[Recital of clauses in act 3 Geo. 1.]

And whereas by an act passed in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, And act for redeeming the duties and revenues which were settled to pay off principal

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 47. 515

and interest on the orders made forth at four lottery acts passed in the ninth and tenth years of her late Majesty's reign; and for redeeming certain annuities payable on orders out of the hereditary excise, according to a former act in that behalf; and for establishing a general yearly fund, not only for the future payment of annuities at several rates, to be payable and transferrable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament, but also to raise monies for such proprietors of the said orders as shall choose to be paid their principal and arrears of interest in ready money; and for making good such other deficiencies and payments as in this act are mentioned; and for taking off the duties on linseed imported, and British linen exported; the said several rates and duties are made perpetual:

[& 12 Anne;]

And whereas by an act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for laying additional duties on sope and paper; and upon certain linens, silks, callicoes, and stuffs; and upon starch, and exported coals; and upon stampt vellum, parchment, and paper, for raising one million four hundred thousand pounds, by way of a lottery, for her Majesty's supply; and for allowances on exporting made wares of leather, sheep skins, and lamb skins; and for distribution of four thousand pounds due to the officers and seamen for gun money; and to adjust the property of tickets in former lotteries; and touching certain shares of stock in the capital of the South Sea company; and for appropriating the monies granted to her Majesty; it is, amongst other things, enacted, That there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of her Majesty, her heirs, and successors, for and upon all silks, callicoes, linens, and stuffs, of what kind soever, which, at any time or times within or during the term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the second day of August, one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, should be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain (such callicoes, linens, and fustians, as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only; and stuffs made of woollen, or whereof the greatest parts in value shall be woollen; always excepted) the several and respective rates and duties therein and herein after expressed (over and above all other duties payable for the same, or any of them) that is to say,

[Duties payable by virtue thereof on silks,]

For and upon all silks so printed, stained, or painted, within or during the term aforesaid, in Great Britain (silk handkerchiefs excepted) the sum of six pence for every yard in length, reckoning half a yard for the breadth.

[and silk handkerchiefs.]

And for all silk handkerchiefs so printed, stained, or painted, within or during the term aforesaid, in Great Britain, the sum of one penny for every yard square; and in those proportions for wider or narrower silks.

[The said rates and duties made perpetual by act 6 Geo. 1.]

And whereas by an act of parliament made in the sixth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for enabling the South Sea company to encrease their present

516 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 47. [1766.

capital stock and fund, by redeeming such publick debts and and incumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for raising money, to be applied for lessening several of the publick debts and incumbrances; and for calling in the present exchequer bills remaining uncancelled; and for making forth new bills in lieu thereof, to be circulated and exchanged upon demand at or near the exchequer; the said several rates and duties last mentioned are made perpetual: And whereas some doubts have arisen, whether ribbands and silks so printed, stained, or painted, being less than half a yard in breadth, are within the meaning of the said recited acts, and liable to the said several rates and duties by the said acts imposed:

[Ribbands and silks, printed, stained, or painted in Great Britain, though less than half a yard in breadth, declared to be within the intent of the two first acts and are liable to pay duties accordingly.]

Now, for obviating all such doubts, be it declared by the authority aforesaid, That all ribbands and silks printed, stained, or painted, in Great Britain, though less than half a yard in breadth, are, within the true intent and meaning of the said acts, liable to the several rates and duties by the said two first mentioned acts imposed, according to the proportions in which such ribbands or silks are or shall be made.

[Clause in an act of this session.]

VII. And whereas by an act made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for allowing the free importation of rice, sago powder, and vermicelli, into this kingdom, from his Majesty's colonies in North America, for a limited time, it is, amongst other things, enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to import into Great Britain, from any of his Majesty's colonies in North America, at any time or times before the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, any rice, without the payment of any subsidy, custom, duty, or imposition whatsoever: Now, to the end the advantage intended to this kingdom, by the said recited act, may not be evaded by the exportation of such rice into foreign parts; we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, do give and grant unto your Majesty, and do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

[Rice imported duty free by virtue of the said act, and what shall be again exported, is to pay a duty ad Valorem of 6d. in the pound;]

That for and upon all rice which hath been or shall be, imported into this kingdom duty-free, by virtue of the said recited act, and which shall be again exported thereout, there shall be paid and answered to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, a subsidy of poundage of six pence in the pound, according to the value or rate set upon rice imported, in the book of rates referred to by the act of the twelfth year of King Charles the Second; which said subsidy of six pence in the pound upon such rice so exported, shall be raised, levied, collected, and recovered, by such ways and means, and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as the subsidy or poundage for any goods or merchandizes exported from Great Britain may be raised, levied, collected, or recovered, by any act of parliament now in force, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 48. 517

particularly repeated and again enacted into the body of this present act.

[Money to be paid into the exchequer, and reserved for the disposition of parliament.]

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duties granted by this act upon rice exported shall (the necessary charges of management excepted) be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and be there reserved for the disposition of parliament.

[No foreign lace of silk or thread, or foreign needle-work, seized and condemned in Great Britain, may be sold, or delivered out of the King's warehouses, but for exportation only.]

IX. And whereas the permitting foreign lace made of silk or thread and foreign needle-work, to be worn or used in Great Britain, after the same had been seized and condemned, gives the unfair dealer in those commodities, opportunity to secure from seizures great quantities thereof, which are clandestinely imported: Now to prevent a practice so very prejudicial to the publick revenue, and the manufacturers of such goods in this kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the seventh day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, no foreign lace made of silk or thread, or foreign needle-work, which shall have been, or shall be, seized and condemned in Great Britain, for any cause of forfeiture, shall be sold or delivered out of any custom-house warehouse wherein the same shall be secured, otherwise than on condition to be exported under the like securities, regulations, and restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are prescribed by law, for the due exportation of East India goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act,

[General issue.]

the defendant or defendants, in any such action or suit, may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff;

[Treble costs.]

the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for regulating the proceedings of certain publick companies and corporations carrying on trade or dealings with joint stocks, in respect to the declaring dividends; and for further regulating the qualification of members for voting in their respective general courts.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by virtue of divers acts of parliament, and of royal charters founded thereupon, certain publick companies or corporations have been instituted for the purpose of carrying on particular

518 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 48. [1766.

---

trades or dealings with joint Jlocks; and the management of I the affairs of fitch companies has been vejled in their general courts, \ composed of the members at large of such companies respectively; in which general courts every member of each respective company, pcf- fiffed of fitch Share in the flock of the company as in and by the fail.acts of parliament and charters is limited with regard to each of ih said companies rejpctlively, is qualified and intitled to give a vote or ' votes: And whereas of late years a most unfair and mischievous pm-the has been introduced offiplitting large quantities of flock y and mating separate and temporary conveyances of the parts thereof, for the purpose of multiplying or making occafmal votes immediately before the time of declaring a dividend, of chusing directors, or of Jccidai any other important qucjlion; which practice is subversive of ever) principle upon which the establishment of such general courts is founld, and if suffered to become general, would leave the permanent interest of such companies liable at all times to be sacrificed to the partial cud interested viavs of a few, and those perhaps temporary proprietors ', be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflerabled, Members dif- and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first qualified from day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty feveo,

ceneillcourt mem^er of any of fa*d publick companies or corpora-who were not tsons* instituted for the purpose aforesaid, shall be deemed qualified of lifted to vote, or be admitted to give any vote or votes, in any iock in the general court of any such company, in respect of any flock trans-months*rerred to him, her, or them, after the said first day of August, 1 111011 8J one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, until he, she, or i they, shall have been possessed of such flock six calendar months;except in the unless such flock shall have been acquired or shall have come particular by bequest, or by marriage, or by succession to an intestate's cases here estate, or by the custom of the city of London, or by any deed mentioned. Of fcttiement after the death of any person who shall have been intitled for life to the dividends of such flock.

Oaths and af-

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That finnations re- the several and respective oaths and affirmations which are at taken b* Present> either by virtue of any act of parliament, or by any members vot- charter of any of the said companies, required to be administering, ed to, or taken by, the members intitled to vote in the general courts of the said companies respectively, at or before giving their votes, shall, from and after the said first day of August, to be altered one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, be altered in such conformable manner, as to extend to, and comprize the further qualificar to the quali- t]on required by this act, in respect of the continuance of the quired^bj^this poflfession of such flock as aforesaid; and that the said oaths aft, and affirmations, so altered as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, be severally and respectively administered to, and and taken ac- taken by, the members of such companies, in the place of those cnrdingly. heretofore required to be administered and taken,

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 49. Ji f

III. And forasmuch as no part of the business transaSled by the gSieral courts of the said companies can be of more importance to the general and Lifting interest of the companies themselves, or to the preservation of publick credit, so closely connected with that interest, than what concerns the fixing, from time to timey of the dividends to ie made out of the profits and produce of their joint flocks among the several proprietors having shares therein: And forasmuch as the provisions hitherto made have not been foundsufficient to prevent many great and dangerous irregularities being praflifed in relation to the making of sudden and unwarrantable alterations in the said rates of such dividends; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth day of July one thousand seven tion ofad£ hundred and sixty seven, no declaration of a dividend shall be vidend to be made by any general court of any of the said companies, other made, but ae than one of the half yearly or general quarterly courts, at the di- of^(lance of five calendar months at the lead from the lad preceding ^declaration of a dividend; and that no declaration of more than neralcourtt, one half-yearly dividend shall be made by one general court; and at 5 month# f hat no question upon any proposition for increasing the rate of the 6: 01, 1

dividend, shall be decided otherwise than by bailot, to be taken ^inl?£5a-at the distance of three entire days, at the lead, from the ad-.ration j journment, or breaking up of the general court, in which such, -question shall have been proposed. m^iiw the

half year. And no question for a proposed increase of dividend to bt decided, but by ballot taken 3 days after breaking up of the court.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick a St; of Publick act which notice shall be judicially taken by all judges, judices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for regulating certain proceedings of the general courts of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

WHEREAS it must9 at all times, be of the utmost importance PrtambK to the interest and welfare of the united company of merchants/* England trading to the East Indies, that the power of declaring dividends upon the flock of the said company, vested in their general courts, Should be duly exercised; and that no determination Should ever be made or take place in respect of any such dividend, without a full andfair opportunity given to the proprietors at large to exercist the right of taking such part in every such determination as they are intitled to by law: And whereas it is at this time become peculiarly necessary to secure9 at all events, as well the permanent interest of the said company, as the slate ofcredit both private and publick, from the mischiefs which must ensue from an improper and improvident increase of the dividends of the said company; which cannot be effect tually done without the interposition of parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be cpacted, and be it enacted \>y the King's most excellent majesty, by and, with the advice

5*0 Anno septimo Georgii III. C-50. [1766.

and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no dividend shall be made by the said company, for or in respect of any time subsequent to the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty (even, otherwise than in pursuance ofavoteor resolution pai&dby ww of balloting in a general court of the said company, which shall have been summoned for the purpose of declaring a dividend; and of the meeting of which general court for such purpose seven days notice at the lead shall have been given m writing, fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London* the purpose, and 7 days notice given of the meeting 3

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tfctf it shall not be lawful for any general court of the said company, at any time between the eighth day of May* one thou-thousand seven hundred and sixty (even, and the beginning of the next session of parliament, to declare or resolve upon any increase of dividend beyond the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum, being the rate at which the dividend for the half year, ending the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, is made payable.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no ballotting upon any question proposed in any general court of the said company, relative either to the declaration of a dividend, or to any other matter whatsoever, shall be begun within a less space of ume than eight hours after the adjournment, or breaking up, of the general court in which it shall have been determined that such question Should be decided by ballotting; and that in no case the ballotting shall be begun at a later hour of the day than twelve of the clock at noon, nor closed at an earlier hour than fix of the clock in the afternoon, doted before 6 P. M.

No dividend to be made for any time subsequent to 14, lune, 1767, but in pursuance of a vote, See. carried upon a balkx in a general court summoned for

nor increase of dividend, beyond 10l. per tent. to be received on, between 8 May, 1767, and the beginning of the next session of parliament 3

nor balloting upon any question to take place, sooner than 8 hoars after breaking up of the court

and to be begun not later than 12 at noon; nor

CAP. L.

An act for amending certain laws relating to the revenue of the post office, and for granting rates of post age for the conveyance of letters and packets between Great nritaia and the Isle of Man, and within that island.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is of the utmost importance to the trade and commerce of these kingdoms, that all letters, packets, bank notes, bills of exchange, and other things, may be font and conveyed by the post, with the greatest Jafety and fecunty 5 and it having been fmi necessary, that some further regulations and provisions should be made for that purpose; may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-Odicers or thority of the same, That if any deputy, clerk, agent, letter-cafr others e*m- rier, post-boy, or rider, or any otherofficer or penon whatsoever, ployed in any employed, or to be hereafter employed, in receiving, stamping

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 50. 521

ing* sorting, charging, carrying, conveying, or delivering, let- bufine6 re-tey or packets, or in any other business relating to the post of- bating to th# See, shall, from and after the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, secrete, embezzle, or who shall fe-destroy, any letter or letters, packet or packets, bag or mail of££tc' letters, which he, she, or they, shall and may be respectively LCy0lette^r, intruded with, or which shall have come to his, her, or their packet, &c. hands or possession, containing any bank note, bank pod bill, with which bill of exchange, exchequer bill. South Sea or East India bond, ^be dividend warrant of the bank, South Sea, East India, or any ^hied other company, society, or corporation, navy or victualling or come to their transport bill, ordnance debenture, seaman's tickets, date lot-hands or pot. tery ticket or certificate, bank receipt for payment on any loan, capote of assignment of dock in the funds, letter of attorney banJ^fr^ei* for receiving annuities or dividends, or for felling dock in the note, for pay-funds, or belonging to any company, society, or corporation, ment of rao-Jmerican provincial bill of credit, goldsmith's or banker's letter neY i of credit or note for or relating to the payment of money, or other bond or warrant, draught, bill, or promidory note what-^ke therw^ soever* for the payment of money; or shall deal and takeout>any such out of any letter or packet that shall come to his, her, or their, bank or other hands or pofledion, any such bank note, bank pod bill, bill of note, &c. exchange, exchequer bill. South Sea, or East India bond, dividend warrant of the bank, South Sea, East India, or any other company, society, or corporation, navy or victualling or transport bill, ordnance debenture, seaman's ticket, date lottery ticket or certificate, bank receipt for payment on any loan, note of assignment of dock in the funds, letter of attorney for receiving annuities or dividends, or for felling dock in the funds, or belonging to any company, society, or corporation, American provincial bill of credit, goldsmith's or bankers letter of credit or note for or relating to the payment of money, or other bond or warrant, draught, bill, or promidory note whatsoever, for the payment of money; every such offender or offenders, be-b*, nf ing thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be deemed guil-deJth?witho\it

2r of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of benefit of ergy. clergy.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons who That from and after the said fird day of November, one thou- shall rob the sand seven hundred and sixty seven, if any person or persons whatsoever shall rob any mail or mails, in which letters arele cr* sent or conveyed by the pod, of any letter or letters, packet or packet?, bag or mail of letters; or shall deal and take from or or shall (teal out of any such mail or mails, or from or out of any bag orlctter* from bags of letters, sent or conveyed by the pod, or from or out of bag, "1* or any pod office, or house or place for the receipt or delivery of0r from any' letters or packets sent or to be sent by the pod, any letter or poll house, or letters, packet or packets; although such robbery, dealing, oroffice* taking, shall not appear, or be proved, to be a taking from the person, or upon the King's highway, or to be a robbery committed in any dwelling-house, or any coach-house, dable, bam,

or

j22 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 50- f f 766

or any out-house belonging to a dwelling-house; and although it Should not appear that any person or persons were put in l*ar beingconvifh by such robbery, dealing, or taking; yet such offender or offen-cdf mall futfer (jerSj being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall nevertheless out benefit of rc^Pe(^lve^' deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as clergy. a felon, without benefit of clergy.

Officers, or

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, others, em- That if any deputy, clerk, agent, letter-carrier, officer, or other ploved in any person whatsoever, employed or hereafter to be employed in ing to ttopost any business relating to the port office, shall take and receive in-office, who to his, her, or their hands or possession any letter or letters, shall burn or packet or packets, to be forwarded by the port, and receive any destroy any sum or sums of money therewith for the portage thereof, shall, feoTb^post a^ter day NcvembiTy one thousand seven hundred

for which they and sixty seven, burn or otherwise destroy any letter or letters, have received packet or packets, by him, her, or them, so taken in or received; or if any such deputy, clerk, agent, letter-carrier, officer, ^micethe or ot^er Person whatsoever, so employed, or hereafter to be so postageonany employed, shall advance the rate or rates of portage upon any port letters, letter or letters, packet or packets, sent by the port, and shall without duly secrete, and not duly account for the money by him, her, or themoneg^or t^em' received foruch advanced portage; every such offender are deemed or offenders, being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall be deem-

guilty of felo- cd guilty of felony.

BJT- Iv. And whereas it hath been found necessary, for the conveni-

ence and improvement of trade and commerce, and for the more safe and speedy conveyance of letters and packets bctzvei n Great Britain A packet-b^t an^ jfle cf f0 establish a packet-boat between the port of

ed between*Whitehaven in the county of Cumberland, and the port of Douglas Whitehaven in the said Isle of Man; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, and the port That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven thereof 10 hundred and sixty seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for hi* Man, far the Majesty's postmaster general, and his deputy and deputies by conveyance of him thereunto diffidently authorized, to and for the use of his letters. Majesty, his heirs, and successors, to demand, have, receive, and K*tesof port- take, for the port and conveyance of all and every the letters age to be paid and packets that shall be carried or conveyed by packet-boats for thereupon, or from the port of Whitehaven aforesaid, or any other convenient port in the kingdom of Great Britain, from or to the port of Douglas aforesaid, or any other convenient port in the said Isle of Man, (over and above all other rates payable for such letters or packets) according to the rates and sums hereafter mentioned (the same being rated either by the letter, or by the ounce) that is to say.

The rates.

For every single letter, two pence. For every double letter, four pence. For every treble letter, six pence. And for every ounce, eight pence.

And so in proportion for every packet of deeds, writs, and ether things,

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 50;

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Convenient fr % m and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for

his Majesty's post-master general to establish post offices and vithin the

poll roads within the said Isle of Man, wherever it shall appear said iflsmd.*

to him to be necessary and convenient for the benefit of trade

and correspondence so to do; and that it shall and may be law- Inland port of

ful for such post-master general, and his deputy and deputies by

him thereunto sufficiently authorized, to and for the use of his aft^thcaJSb

Majesty, his heirs, and successors, to demand, have, receive, of postage ixr

and take, for the inland port or conveyance of all letters and pack- Englattt

cts lent or conveyed by the post within the said isle, such rates

of postage in proportion to the number of miles or stages such

letters and packets are carried or conveyed by the post, as now

are respectively settled, established, and ascertained, to be paid

for the inland port or conveyance of letters and packets within that part of Great Britain called England.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That dauses, provis- from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven fions, powers, hundred and sixty seven, all and every the clauses, provisions, pnrilegesjpe-powers, privileges, advantages, disabilities, penalties, and me- n tlcs* thods for the recovery of the same, and all other matters and

things contained in an Act made in the ninth year of the reign of her late Majesty queen Anne> intituled An act for establishing ina^Aim*, a general post office for all ker Majejlfs dominions, and for settling a weekly sum out of the revenues thereof for the service of the wary and other her Majesty's occasions, (and not repealed or altered by not repealed any subsequent law;,) as also in an act made in the sixth year of or altered by the year of his majesty King George the First, intituled An act any for preventing frauds and abuses in the public revenues of excise, cuf <luent aw*toms, stamp duties, post office, and house money, so far as the said in aA relates to the post office; as also in an Act made in the Ueo*1# twenty sixth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more effectual preventing the frau- and in aft dulent removal of tobacco by land or water, and for the eaje of the fair Gco*trader; and for ascertaining the rates payable for the postage of certain letters; and for amending and explaining the laws relating to the fate of spirituous liquors by retail; so far as the said a A relates lb far as the to the polt office; as also in an a A made in the fourth year of same relate to the reign of his present most gracious Majesty, intituled An aftthe P°ft for the preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the fending and J° i*1 receiving letters and packets free from the duty of postage; as Gco* also in an Act made in the fifth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act to alter certain rates of postage; and to amendy explain, ?d

and enlarge, several provisions in an act made in the ninth year of the Oeo* J' reign of queen Anne, and in other acts relating to the revenue of the post office; and also in this present act, or in any other act relat- and this pre-ing to the post office, shall extend, and be deemed and constru- or <*hcr cd to extend, to the said Isle of Man, and to all his Majesty's subjects within the said ille, as fully and effcAually in every office. respect, as if the said isle. and his Majesty's subjects (herein, had extended to

been Ift«ot Man,

24 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. [1766.

been expressly included in the said several acts, or in any of them, j Monies anting

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That I

all the monies arising by the rates aforesaid, except the monies'Sams dr-"1 which shall be necessary to defray such expences as shall be in- I diided* curred in the collection and management of the same, and all9other expences attending the said office, and the due execution of

to be applied the acts relating thereto, shall be appropriated and applied to such: jStes an<* ^ame u^es to which die present rates of postage are ret

age.^pedively now by law appropriated and made applicable.;

limitation of

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, action*. That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the same shall be commenced within six months after the fad committed, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants General Issue. in such action or suit shall and may plead the General Iff*, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, aodthat the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or that such action or suit shall be commenced after the time before limited for bringing the same, that then the juiy shall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon a verdict for the defendant, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants Treble costs. shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cases by law. 'i

CAP. LI.

An act for improving the navigation of the river Lee, from the town of Hertford to the river Thames- and for of-/ ending the said navigation to the flood-gates belonging to the town mill, in the said town of Hertford.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reip citing ad ia W of his late MajeJljy intituled An act for ascertaining, pre* Geo. a. serving, and improving, the navigation of the river Lee, from the town of Hertford to the town of JVarey in the county of Hertford; and for preserving and improving the said river from the said town of lVarey to the new cut or river made by the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of London; and for enacting the governor and company of the New River the better to supply the cities of London and Westminster % and the liberties and Suburbs thereof, with good and wholsome water, several powers were granted to trustees therein and thereby appointed, for preferth ing and improving the navigation of the said river Lee: Ark where as the powers thereby granted have been found to be insufficient to answer the good purposes thereby intended: And whereas by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of Sheen Elizabeth, i«-tituled, An act for the bringing of the river Lee to the north lido of the city of Loftdouf the whole jurisdiction, eonfirvatian, ruk

6

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. $r,

and government of the said new cut or river, mentioned to have been made byyhe mayor, commonalty, and citizens of London, are vejled in thi said mayor, commonalty, and citizens, theirsuccessbrsfor ever: And whereas a divided jurisdiction upon one and the same navigation must be productive of great inconveniences: And whereas the navigation of the river Lee Jrom the town of Hertford to the river Thames, in itspre-sent state, is attended with many difficulties and delayr, and liable ta many obstructions: And whereas the further improving of the said navigation of the said river Lee, and the extending the navigation thereof to the flood gates belonging to the town mill in the said town of Hertford, will be of great benefit and advantage to the city of London, and to the counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex, and will be of publick utility: And whereas by a survey lately made under the direction of the said trustees, it appears % that the said navigation is capable of being greatly improved; and that the said river Lee is capable of being made navigable to the said flood gates belonging to the town mill in the said town of Hertford: And whereas the said purposes cannot be effected without the aid of parliament; May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited act of the twelfthyear of the reign of his late Majesty, together with Sir Anthony Thomas Abdy baronet, Strotherd Abdy clerk, Bartholomew Abell, Jeremiah Acres> Samuel Atkinson, Thomas Adams, Joseph Adams, Thomas Adderly, the right honourable Conway, commonly called lord Beauchamp

Sir William Baler knight, Thomas Brandy Thomas Brand junior, Joseph Bird, Thomas Blaclmore, William Bakery George Poyner Biffiy John Botelery Edward Baintuny Michael Harvey Breton9 Charles Boddamy Calvert Bowyery Elias Brownfwordy Booth, William Berners, Nathaniel Braffey, Charles Bemers, Peregrine Bertie, Samuel Bosanquet, Robert Boothby % Richard Bettyonf Richard Wilbraham Bootley James Barwicky John Bankst John BrevAty James Beavoir, Richard Beavoiry Thomas Boddamy the right honourable James Brydgesy commonly called marquisof Carnarvon$ the right honourable Cecily commonly called lord viscount Cranbourn\ the right honourable Edward Cornwallis, Sir Richard Chaise knight. Sir John Chapman baronet, Nicholson Calvert, Richard Coxy John Calverty Timothy Cafwall, Peter Calvert LL.D. Edward Coddrington, Benjamin Cherry, Thomas Creajy9 Richard, Chifwelly William Clarke, Cadwallader Coker, Robert Childy William Curriey George Richard Cartery Pryfe Campbell, Nathaniel Cholmley, Grey Coopery Peregrine Custy George Cookty Charles l>inglcy, Henry Dunfler9 Joseph Dimfdale, John Dixon, Thomas Docwra, Philip Delahaze, John Darker, Samuel Dixon, Thomas Dewy John Dclly Jarhcs Eyre, Ralph Freeman D. D. Rose Fuller, Henry Fuller, Richard Fuller, Thomas Fanshaw, William Forriflery the right honourable lord Adam Gordon, Sir John Griffin Griffin; Vot. XXVII. Mm baronet.

2 6

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. [1766.

baronet. Sir Alexander Grant baronet, Charles Gardiner, Richard Gulston, Edward Gardiner, James Gordon, John Gripper, Mi-Ham Griper, Joseph Gridley, Bradjkaw Galliard, Pierce Galliard, Daniel Goatley, John Gawler, Sherman Godfrey, Edward Groves, Thomas Glinester, James Grenville junior, Joseph Gascoyne, Bam-herGafcoyne junior, Amie Garnault, Charles Gore, James Graham, Jacob Houblon, Jacob Houblcn junior, William Hall, Richard Hall, Hume, Humphry Hall, Eliah Harvey,

Hinde, Robert Hinde of Preston, John Howell, John Harding, Daniel Haydon, Hutchinson, John Henmker,

Heath, Heath, John Hankin, George Hankin, Richard

Hare, John Hyde, Francis Herne, John Hujke, Richard Huffed, Jeremiah Rayment Hadfley, William Harris, Sir Conyers Joulja baronet, Robert Jacomb, Israel Jallabert, George Jennings, Jobs

?'innings, Jackson, Richard lies, Robert Jones ox Old

'ord, Richard Jackson, Robert Jones, Reck, William

Coomber Kirby, the right honourable lord viscount Lijbum in the kingdom of Ireland, Sir Matthrw Lamb baronet, Penifln Lamb, John Luther, John Leachman of Hoidefdon, John Lefevrt, Peter Ltfeyre, Isaac Lefeyre, George Lake, Edward Lewis, J: ba Lockwood, John Leapidge, John Rogers Laivton, William Lake, ! the honourable George Alonfon, Sir William Maynard baronet,: Majlcrman, Joseph Martyn, Thomas Morgan, Charles Morgen, \ Charles Mahew, 'Thomas Marlborough, Peter Maiiman, Richard Mutiman, John Mallet, Rickard Mills, Joseph Mellish, Christtyher Molineux, Crisp Molineux, Adolphus Aieetbcrkc, Charles M.ynard, .« tire right honourable Frederick North, commonly called lord I North-, Abraham North, Richard Nicholus, James Noel, ArnoldNef his. Sir William Owen baronet, George Onslow, George Orgar, Abro- ham Ogle, Robert Henley Ongley, O'iver, Sir William Beauchaaf

Proffer baronet, George Prefcctt, Newiigate Poyntz, David Poole, George Prsfcott junior, Michael Pepper, Board Packer, Georp Profior, George Phelps, John Paterson, John Phillips, Robert Pell, Jens Pederson, Matthew Raper, John Roper, John Red* clisse, John Runnington, Samuel Rogers, William Rackjlrow, Jsb* Roberts, Joshua Rtynolds, Hcnccge Rcbinfon, Isaac Martin Rebow, i Jeremiah Rayment, John Rigg, Sir John Saunders Sebright baronet, < Sir Thomas Salisbury knight, Richard Stanley, John Shaw, Job Sabine, Joseph Sabine, Frauds Stanley clerk, Laurence SuUivao, Samuel Scott of Hrtford, John Smart, Seymour Stocker, RickH Smith, William Squire, Henry Stout, Samuel Scott of ArnwtH, John Scott of the same, George Scaly, Charles Smith of Stratford, William Sotheby, Henry Seymour, William Squire, the reverend F, Stanley junior, Joseph SiiHtb, Henry Sparling, John Sawbriigt,

Scudamore, Hettry Southouse, Thomas Sect, Samuel Sat, j Charles Steide, Charles Smith, James Spragg, Robert Salmon, Lit- I ter Silmon, John Shelley, Henry SUffner, John Stcpbenson, Jm ! Strutt, John Shakespear, Daniel Stacy, Christopher Scott, William Southouse, William Sitwell, Richard Solway, the right honourable the earl of Thomond in the kingdom of Ireland, the right honourable the earl of Ttlney in the kingdom of Jreknd, the

right j

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. 537

right honourable Charles Townshend\ "James Turvin, James Town tndy Francis Tyjfen^ Thomas Thoroton, John Tucker, George For-Jler Tuffnell, Thomas Tejhmakery John Usborne, Benjamin Vaughan,

George Wright y Samuel White, Samuel Wake, William Walley

M. D. Lewis Weston, Benjamin Wellington, Peter IValley,

Whittington, Bouchier Walton, Edward Woodcock, Arthur Warren,

JoJbua Winter, Winter, Weyland, Edward Woodcock

clerk, Charles Whitworth, Joseph Wilcocks, Thomas Winspear, the honourable Charles York, Thomas Yate> M.D. the lord mayor, court of aldermen, and recorder of the city of London for the time being, the comptroller of the works and revenues of £0#- Bridge for the time being, the mayor and recorder of the borough of Hertford for the time being, the governor deputy governor, and treasurer, of the new river company for the time being, shall be, and they are hereby appointed trustees for the making, extending, improving, and maintaining the navigation of the said river from the flood gates belonging to the town mill in the town of Hertford to the river Thames, and and for putting this act in execution; and that the said truf- Their power# tees, or any five or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, from time to time, at their dif-, cretion, to cleanse, scour, deepen, enlarge, or straighten the channel orcourse of the said river Lee; and also to set out, open, make, and maintain, all or any of the new cuts or canals, herein after specified and described to communicate with the said river Lee, and to be used for the said navigation; and also to remove all obstructions and impediments whatsoever to the said navigation; and also to build, erect, set up, and make over or in the said channel or course of the said river, and the new cuts, and canals aforesaid, and upon the lands and grounds adjoining or near to the same, such and so many bridges, locks,

(launches, flood gates, pens of water, weirs, flanks, weigh-beams, cranes, or other engines of the like kind, as they shall think necessary or convenient for the said navigation, and from time to time to alter and repair the same; and also to set out and make towing-paths, or haling-ways upon any of the lands or grounds aforesaid, for towing, or drawing with men, or horses, or other cattle, boats, or other vessels using the said navigation; and also to dig, take, and carry away, clay, gravel, done, or other materials, proper for carrying on the said works, and to be used and expended only in the said works, in and from any of the lands and grounds aforesaid (excepting only gardens, orchards, yards, parks, paddocks, inclosed lawns, and avenues to houses planted with trees;,) and to carry and convey timber and all other materials for the said works upon, through, and over, the land* or grounds of any persons whatsoever, to the respective places wiiete the said works respectively are intended to be made, and to place, lay, and manufacture, the said materials on the lands or grounds adjoining or near to such respective places; and generally to do and perform all acts, matters, and things, which the said trustees, or any five or

Satitfi&ion for damages.

Cuts to be made.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. gt.

[1766.

more of them, shall think necessary for the making, extending, improving, and maintaining, the said navigation of the £m river Lee, from the flood gates belonging to the town mill in the town of Hertford, to the river Thames, and to enable them i to execute the power* hereby vested in them.

II. Provided always, That a full and adequate {atisfa&km and compensation be made in manner herein after mentioned to all persons for the damages they may sustain from the carrying this act into execution as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby impowered, to fetout, open, make, and maintain, one new cut or canal, to be used for the said navigation, leading from the said river Lee, at or near a place called The Folly, into and down part of Dicker Mill Stream, and to be carried out of the said dream above Dicker Mill, into the channel of the said river, now used for navigation, at any place they shall think most convenient for the said navigation, between Confiant's Weir and Manifold Ditch; one other new cut or canal, to be used for the said navigation, leading from the tail of the ciflern or lock above Ware MM, into the aforesaid channel on the south side thereof, at any place above Water Lane near the Priory Orchard; one other new cut or canal to be used for the said navigation, leading from the aforesaid channel, at any place above Ware Weir, and below Ware Bridge, into the same channel on the (buth west side thereof at any place above Stanfled Bridge; one other new cut or canal to be used for the said navigation, leading from the aforesaid channel below Stanfled Bridge into the same channel above the tail dream of Stanfled Mill; one other new cut or canal, to be used for the said navigation, leading from the aforesaid channel above Field's, otherwise Rye Bridge Weir, into the same channel on the north wed side thereof at any place between Archers Weir and Field's Weir; one other new cat or canal, to be used for the said navigation, leading from the aforesaid channel above DobPs Weir, otherwise the New Turnpike, into the same channel on the ead side thereof below the dream leading into the head of Broxboum Mill; one other new cut or canal, to be used for the said navigation, leading from the aforesaid channel above Carthagena Turnpike, into the same channel a little below the (ame$ one other new cut or canal, to be used for the said navigation, leading from the aforesaid channel above King's Weir, over Chfjbunt Mill Stream, into the same channel at or near the wed tail dream of the powder mills near Waltham Abbey; one other new cut or canal, to be used for the said navigation, leading from the said river Let'above Sotheby's Upper Weir, otherwise called Newmans Weir, j on the wed side thereof, and to run to, and communicate with, i Enfield Mill Stream, at any didance not more than one hundred yards to the southward of and below the lock called EnfieU Lock, erected at the head of the said mill dream and from thence to run through Enfield Mill Stream (which the said tru-

flees

5*9

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51.

'dees may enlarge for that purpose) to any didance not nearer shan three hundred and forty yards to the northward of and above Enfield Corn Mill, and from thence to make another cut or canal, to be used for the said navigation, to the eadward of the said mill dream, to run into, and communicate again with the same at any didance not nearer than two hundred and four yards below Enfield MilU and from thence to run through so much of the said mill tail dream as the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and from thence to make another cut or canal through part of Enfield and Edmonton Marshes, a-cross the ditch that parts Edmonton and Tottenham Marshes, and through part of Tottenham Marsh, into and through the tail dream of Tottenham MilU into the same channel; one other new cut or canal, to be used for the said navigation, leading from the said channel below Flander's Wharf, through several crooks, into the same channel, above the tail dream of Walthamstow Mill\ one other new cut or canal, to be used for the said navigation, leading from the aforesaid channel between Lee Bridge: nd the buildings belonging to Hackney Water-works, but not nearer than ten yards from the said buildings, through part of Hackney Marsh, into the same channel between Pudding Mill Stream and Hackney Brook, on the ead side of Jones's callico grounds at Old Ford \ and one other new cut or canal, to be used for the said navigation, leading from the aforesaid channel, at any place between Bromley Lock and Bromley Hall, through the parish of Bromley Saint Leonards, the hamlet of Blackwall and Poplar, in the parish of Saint Dunfian Stepney, otherwise Stebon-heath, and the parish of Saint Anne Limehouse, in the county of Middlesex, to be carried on the north of Limehouse church, into the river Thames at or near Limehouse Bridge Dock.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees, or any Trustee* im-five or more of them, shall have full power and authority to

employ or contract with any person or persons for the executing ^ccuting°r of all or any of the said works; such contracts to be for such works, time or times, and under such conditions, as the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall think proper; and such person or persons employed or contracted with as aforesaid, his or their agents, workmen, servants, and labourers, are hereby authorized and impowered to execute all and every the powers hereby intended to be veded in the said trustees.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees, or Trusteesim-any seven or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby, im- powered to powered to treat, contract, and agree, with the owners or pro-^prietors of, and persons intereded in, any mediiages, weirs,turnpikes, locks, cidems, tenements, or hereditaments, other

than mills, which they the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall adjudge necessary, convenient, or proper, to become seized or possessed of, to be pulled down, destroyed, cut, digged, altered, removed, or otherwise made use of, for the purposes of this act, for the purchase thereof, at such price or prices, either by way of sum or sums of money in gross, or an-

M m 3 nuts

53°

and indemnified therein.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. gtl [1766.

nual relit or rents, as to the said trustees, or any seven or moreo^ them, shall Teem reasonable; and also to treat, contract, and agreef for the rccorr.penceand satisfaction to be made to the owners or proprietors, and persons interested in any messuages, mills, weirs, turnpikes, locks, citterns, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or any other Species of property, for the damage they may sustain by the execution of any of the powers of this act: and it shall be lawful for all bodies, politick, corporate, and collegiate, husbands, guardians, trustees, committees, executors, or administrators, for or in behalf of their cestuique trails, whether infants or issue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, or femes covert, and to and for every other person or persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, or possessed of, or interested in, any such messuages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, citterns, lands, tenement*/ or hereditaments, to contract for, and fell, and convey, the lame unto the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or to such person or persons as they or any seven or more of them, shall nominate and appoint, for such lum or sums of money in gross, or annual relit or rents, as shall be agreed upon, or to agree with the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, for any recompence to be made for the damage which may be done to any such messuages, mills, weirs, turnpikes, locks, citterns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to any other property, by the execution of any of the powers of this act; and that all fuen contracts, agreements, bargains, sales, and conveyances, shall, without any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, be good and valid in the law, to all intents and purposes, not only to convey all the estate, right, title, and interest, of the person and persons conveying, but also to convey all the estate, right, title, interest, u(e, property, claim, and demand whatsoever, of their several and respective cestuique trusts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes covert, or other person or persons whomsoever, and all claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under them, or any of them; any law, statute, usage, or any other matter or thing, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And that all persons so contracting, agreeing, and conveying, as aforesaid, are and shall be indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this act: and the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, may also adjust what proportion of the sum so agreed to be paid for such pur-phase or damage shall be allowed to the tenant or tenants of the said premisses; and all such contracts, agreements, sales, and conveyances, so to be made as aforesaid, shall be inrolled by the clerk of the peace for the county wherein such messuages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, citterns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or other property, shall be respectively situate or being, within six months after the execution thereof; and true copies of the same, without (lamps, ligned by the clerk of the peace for the time being, shall be deemed and taken to be good evidence thereof in all courts whatsoever.

YJ.A*

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. 531

VI. And be it further enacted, That where, by the making Where land* the said cuts or canals, or-any of them, the property of any ^P^ated into land owners shall be separated into small pareels, it mall and Swertofell* may be lawful to and for any such bodies politick, corporate, or exchange, and collegiate, and any other such land owners, by and with the consent of the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, to be testified by any writing or writings to be by them sealed and delivered in the presence of two or more credible witnesses; to contract for, fell, and dispose of, or to convey in exchange in lieu of other lands or hereditaments, all or any part of such lands or grounds through which the said intended cuts or canals, or any of them, or any part of them, or any of them, shall be made, to any person or persons whomsoever, for such price or prices in money or other equivalent, as to the said trustees, or any seven or more of them shall seem reasonable; and all such contracts, sales, exchanges, conveyances, and assurances, shall be valid and effectual in law to all intents and purposes j any law, Statute, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: And all bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, and all other persons whosoever so conveying or exchanging as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for what he, (he, they, or any of them, shall respectively do by virtue and in pursuance of this act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any such bodies po- Persons neg-litick, corporate, or collegiate, or any person or persons who- le&ingtotreat soever shall, for the space of twenty one days next after notice for the sale of in writing given to the principal officer or officers of such bodies

politick, corporate or collegiate, or to such person or persons a 1 respectively, or left at the place or places of his, her, or their abode, or with the tenant or tenants in possession of the said messuages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, cisterns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which it will be necessary for the said trustees to become seised or possessed of, or to cause to be cut, destroyed, digged, altered, removed, or used as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or by reason of absence shall be prevented from treating, or through disability by nonage, coverture, or other impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or shall not produce and evince a clear title to the premisses they are in possession of, or to the interest they claim; then, and in every such jury to be case, the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall and summoned, may, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, from time to time, to iuue out their warrant or warrants under their hands and seals, to be directed to the sheriff of the county wherein such messuages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, cisterns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be respectively situate or being; or in case such sheriff shall happen to be interested in the matter in question, or any ways related to any of the parties interested or concerned therein, then to one of the coroners of the said respective counties, commanding such sheriff or coroner respecttvdy to impaael* summon, and return, a jury, to appear be-

M m 4 fora

who shall ascertain the films to be paid f or pur* fhalcs and damages.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. gu [1766.

fore the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, at a tinp and place to be specified in such warrant; and the said sheriffor coroner respectively, to whom the said warrant or warrants shall be directed, is hereby required accordingly to impanel, summon, and return, a jury of twenty four able and sufficient men, qua-litied according to the laws and Statutes of this realm to be returned for trials of issues joined in his Majesty's courts at IVtJl-minster, to appear before the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, at such time and place as by such warrant or warrants shall be directed and appointed, not being less than ten days after such warrant shall be served upon the said (hcriff or coroner respectively, or more than twenty one days after such fenrice, upon pain to forfeit for every default, in not making such return, twenty pounds, to be sued for and recovered in the manner herein after directed; and also to return in issues upon every person so impanelled and returned, not appearing, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, the sum of forty shillings, which shall be levied upon the goods and chattles of the person not appearing as aforesaid, by warrant or warrants under the hands and seals of the said trustees, or any seven or more of them; and in case a sufficient number of jurymen shall not appear, the said sheriff or coroner shall return other honest and indifferent men of the standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that service, being so qualified as aforesaid, to make up thefeid

n to the number of twelve; and all parties concerned shall may have their lawful challenges against any of the said ja-rymen: and the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, re hereby impowered and required, by warrant or warrants under their Hands and seals, from time to time, as occasion shall require, to summon and call before them all and every such per-ibn and persons as shall be thought proper or necessary to be examined as witnesses by the said trustees, or any seven or more tof them, or any of the parties interested, touching the matters in question; and the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall and may, in case they think the lame proper, or shall be required so to do by any person or persons interested, order and authorize the said jury, or any fix or more of them, to view the place or places, or matters, in question; which jury, upon their oath, to be administered by the said trustees, or any two or more of them (which oath, as also the oaths to such person or persons as shall be called upon to give evidence, the said trustees, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer) shall inquire of, assess, and ascertain, what sum or sums of money shall be paid, either by an annual relit or payment, or by a lum in gross, for the purchase of any such messuages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, cisterns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and the recompence to be made for damages to the owners or occupiers of, and persons interested in any messuages, mills, weirs, turnpikes, locks, cisterns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, or any other property, that shall t>r may be fuflaiped as aforesaid; and shall (except in such cases

vttm

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. §u 533

jherc the monies to be for such purchases are to be laid out and irreefted in the purchase of other lands, tenements, and heredi^ taments, as herein after directed) settle and ascertain in what proportion the sum or sums, relit or recompence, so assessed,

shall be paid or made to the several persons respectively interested in the premisses: and the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall give judgement for such sum or sums, relit, damages, and recompence, so to be assessed by such jury; which Verdict of the said verdict, and the said judgement thereupon declared or pro- jury to be ft-nounced by the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, and the value, damages, and recompence, so assessed, shall be binding and conclusive, to all intents and purposes, against all and every party or parties, their heirs, successors, executors, administrators, assigns, and all others claiming any estate, right, tL» tie, or interest, in the same messuages, mills, weirs, turnpikes, locks, cistems, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any thing the reunto belonging or appertaining, in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, or otherwise, as well bodies politick, corporate, and collegiate, infants, ideots, lunaticks, femes co-verr, tenants in tail, or others, and their respective heirs, successors, executors, and administrators, and all claiming by, from, or under him, her, or them, or any of them.

VIII. Provided always, That notice of the time and place of Provilb. making such inquiry and assessment, by a jury as aforesaid, shall be given to or left at the usual or the last places of abode of the parties interested, or the tenants or occupiers of the premisses respectively, at lead ten days before such inquiry or assessment.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Penalty on summoned as aforesaid to give evidence, shall neglect or refuse witnessesre-to appear at such time or times, place or places, as shall be appointed in the warrant or warrants granted by the said trustees,

or any seven or more of them, for that purpose; or appearing,

shall refuse to be (worn or examined by, or give evidence before, the said trustees; or if any person, summoned as a juryman as aforesaid, shall, after his appearance, refuse to be sworn, or, being so sworn, refuse to give, or not give, his verdict, or in any other manner wilfully neglect his duty in the premisses, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; every person so offending, having no reasonable excuse, to be allowed by the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, for every such. offence, forfeit and pay any lum not exceeding the sum of ten pounds, to be levied by warrant or warrants under the hands and seals of the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattles; returning the overplus to the owners thereof, after such penalty, and the charges of such distress and sale, shall be deduced.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said verdicts and Verdicts to be judgements shall be set down in writing, without any (lamps 'by the thereupon, under the hands and seals of the trustees acting in

the premisses, or any three or more of them, and shall be deli-vtred to thp clerk of the peace for the respective county wherein, such*

Uponpayment or tender of money,

534 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51; [1766.

such vcrdi&s shall be respectively given, and be kept amongst the records and writings of the quarter sessions of the peace tdf the time being of the said county; and the same or true copies thereof, without (lamps, shall be taken, adjudged, and deemed good and sufficient evidence and proof in any court of law or e* quity whatsoever; and all persons may have recourse to the same at all convenient times, paying for every such inspection one shilling; and may take copies thereof without (lamps, paying for every copy not exceeding one hundred words, the sum of six pence, and so proportionably for any number of words.

XI. And be it further enacted, That upon payment of the sum or sums, or annual relit or rents, so agreed or contracted for, or assessed and adjudged for damages as aforesaid to the parties concerned, or for the purchase of any such messuages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, cisterns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or legal tender thereof made to them respectively. (which sum or sums of money, or annual relit or rents, the said trustees, orany five or more of them, are hereby authorized to pay out of the monies to be raised by virtue of this all;,) or in cale any such parties cannot be met with, or shall refuse to accept the same, then, upon payment of such sum or sums, or annual relit or rents, into the hands of such person or persons as the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, under their hands in writing, appoint, for the use of the parties interested as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or

ent*andpro- any gvc or more thCITlj or their agents, workmen, and fer-works of the vants* to enter, pull down, destroy, cut, dig, alter, remove, or otherwise use such or so much of the said messuages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, cisterns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for which such value, damages, or recompence, shall have been con-trailed for, agreed on, assessed, or adjudged, as aforesaid, and thereon to make, ercll, and do any works, matters, or things, for the improving the said navigation, and for the supporting and maintaining the same, or for executing any of the powers of this all, as the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall think requisite; and this all shall be sufficient to indemnify as well the said trustees, as all persons employed or authorized by them, against the said owners, occupiers; or other persons interested, their successors, executors, administrators, and assigns, and against all and every other person. and persons, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all sums of money which are to be paid to any bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, husbands, guardians, trustees, committees, executors, or administrators, for or on behalf of any cestuique trusts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, or femes-covert, or to any person or persons whose estate or estates is or are limited in (trill settlement, for the purchase or exchange of any messuages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, cisterns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments aforesaid, shall, in case the same exceed the sum of fifty pounds, l?y such bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, hut

bands.

trustees may

navigation.

Purchase'mo-aies to belaid out to the same uses.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51? g^g.

bands, guardians, trustees, committees, executors, or administrators, or other person or persons seised of such messuages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, ciderns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, so limited in drift settlement, be laid out as soon as conveniently may be in the purchase of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee-simple; such lands, tenements, or hereditameats, so to be purchased, to be conveyed to or to the use of such bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, husbands, guardians, trustees, committees, executors, or administrators, or to and for such other person or persons, and for such estates, and to, for, upon, and subject to such uses, truds, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the messuages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, ciderns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for or in respect whereof such purchase-monies, or monies received in exchange, shall be paid as aforesaid, were limited, settled, and af-. fared, at the time such purchase-monies, or monies received in exchange, were so agreed for, ascertained, or assessed respectively as aforesaid, or so many of such uses as shall be then exiding and capable of taking effect; and in the mean time, and until such purchase and purchases shall be made, the said monies shall be placed out by such bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, husbands, guardians, trustees, committees, executors, or administrators, or other person or persons, in some of the publick funds, in the names of two or more persons, the one to he nominated by the party or parties intereded therein, and the other by the said trustees, or any five or more of them $ and the intered arising or to be produced from such funds shall be paid to such person or persons respectively as would, for the time being, be intitled to the rents and profits of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, so to be purchased, in case the same were purchased and settled pursuant to the tenor and true meaning of this act,

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Trustees may shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any five enter and take or more of them, or such person or persons as they, or any fivea/l?rrcy|IPott or more of them, shall appoint, without any previous paymentglvulgnoDC* or tender of recompence, to enter upon and take a survey and

level of, and to mark out any lands, tenements, or hereditaments which they the said trustees, or any five or more of them,

shall think necessary to be used for any of the purposes of this act, doing thereby as little damage as may be, and giving two days notice at the lead of such entry to the respective owners or occupiers of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and making satisfaction as soon as may be for all damages which shall be thereby occasioned, in case such damages shall exceed the sum of pne shilling.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Future da-(bns, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, or others, at any mageshowtq time after the said trustees, or any person or persons employed*af^rtabicd, or authorized by them, shall have begun to carry this act into execution, for the improving or extending the said navigation,

er

S36

Complainant to have an option, Stc.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51.

[1766.]

or after they shall have compleated the same, shall happenjo I sustain any damages or injury, in his, her, or their raeffuages, 'mills, weirs, locks, citterns, turnpikes, lands, grounds, tene- 1 ments, hereditaments, bridges, fences, or otherwise, by any ad, 'neglect, or default of the said trustees, or of their agents, work- ] men, or servants, or by reason of any alteration which shall be I made by them, or any or either of them, on the said river, or on the said cuts or cana's, or works to be made by virtue of this act, for which they shall have no recompence or satisfaction, or for which no recompence or satisfaction is hereby otherwise provided; then, and in every such case, a demand of satisfactoa for such damages shall be left in writing with the clerk of the said trustees, or at his usual place of abode; and that it shall be lawful for the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, and they are hereby required within the space of ten days after the next meeting of the trustees, such demand or satisfaction made as aforesaid, to offer to such person or persons, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, by writing signed by their said clerk, such sum or sums of money or other recompence as they shall think an adequate compensation for such damages as aforesaid: and in case such person or persons shall be dissatisfied with such fam or sums of money, or other recompence so offered, or in Case no such offer shall be made within such time as aforesaid, then if the person or persons sustaining such damages, shall, by notice in writing under his or their hand or hands, to be delivered to the clerk of the said trustees, or left at his usual place Of abode, require the same, the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required, within the; space of thirty days next after the meeting of the said trustees after such notice so delivered as aforesaid, to enquire of and at certain such damages by a jury to be impanelled, returned, and sworn, in manner herein before mentioned, and give judgement for the party or parties aggrieved, and record the same accord-'ingly in the same manner and form as the damages and recompences are herein before appointed to be assessea and adjudged for any messuages, mills, weirs, turnpikes, locks, cistems, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or other property, which shall in any ways be made use of, cur, destroyed, or damnified, in improving or extending the said navigation as aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, That any person or persons sustaining such damage as aforesaid, shall have an option to have the same enquired of and ascertained by a jury in a manner aforesaid, or to appeal, in case such offer as aforesaid shall be made, and he or they shall not think fit to accept the sum or sums of money, or other recompence so offered; or, in case no such offer shall be made, to complain to the justices of the peace for the county or place where the cause of complaint shall arise, at their general or quarter sessions next after such offer shall have been made; or, in case of no such offer being made, at their general or quarter sessions next after the expiration of the time within which such offer ought to have been made; the person

or

537

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51.

*r persons so appealing giving security, to the satisfaction of rome justice of the peace of such county or place, to prosecute such appeal with effect, and to pay the cods which shall be ascertained by the said general or quarter sessions, in case such recompence or satisfaction so offered shall be thought sufficient by the said justices; and the judices in the said general or quarter sessions, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine such appeal or complaint, and to make order therein, and to award such costs as to them shall appear jud; which order shall be tinal and concluuve to all parties, and shall not be re* moved or removeable by any writ of Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XVI. Provided also, That no person or persons whosoever shall be intitled to satisfaction for any such damages as afore- Application said, unless application in respect thereof shall be made to the to be made 14 said trustees, or their clerk, within the space of fix calendar6 "oaths, months after such damages shall have been fudained.

XVII. Provided also, That in case the said trustees, or any

seven or more of them, shall not (being the reunto required) In default of satisfy and pay the sum or recompence for such damage or injury satisfaction, to be offered as aforesaid, or which shall be so assessed and set-tied as aforesaid, within thirty days after such requed made; its^vctw shall and may be lawful for the person or persons aggrieved to tolls* appoint one or more person or persons to receive the rates and duties to arise by virtue of this act, and thereout to pay all such damages so to be offered, assessed, and settled, as aforesaid; and the money to be received by such receiver or receivers shall and is hereby declared to be as so much money received to the use of such person or persons receiving damage or injury as aforesaid; and after such damages so settled and afieffed as aforesaid shall be paid and satisfied, the power and authority of such receiver or receivers, for the purposes lad mentioned, shall cease and determine.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where

any verdict as aforesaid shall be given for a greater sum than Expences of shall have been offered by, or on behalf of, the said trustees, or the jury how any seven or more of them, in writing, signed by the clerk oft0 he paid, the said trustees; or in case no such offer shall have been made before the summoning of any such jury; that then, all the expences of summoning and maintaining such jury and the wit- '>

nesses, and of taking such inqued, shall be paid by the said trufi* tees, or any seven or more of them, out of the monies to arise or be paid by virtue of this act: but if any such verdi<d shall be given for no more or for a less sum than shall have been so previously offered by or on the behalf of the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, then, and in every such case, such expences (to be settled by any two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county wherein such jury shall be returned)

shall be defrayed by the owners of, or the persons intereded in$ the messuages, mills, weirs, turnpikes, locks, ciderns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or other property in quedion:

6 and

5+o

Trustees to build a wharf for Sir WiUi. am Maynard on the Essex side of the river.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. [1766.

forth and for ever thereafter, be paid and allowed, and th& trustees appointed or to be appointed, by or in pursuance of this act, are hereby authorized, impowered, and required, to pay and allow unto the said Sir William Maynard, his heirs and assigns, out of the rates and duties by this act granted and directed to be received and taken, the annual relit or yearly sum of forty eight pounds of lawful money of Great Britain^ clear of all taxes and deductions whatsoever, at or on the twenty fifth day of December, twenty fifth day of March, twenty fourth day of June, and twenty ninth day of September, in every year, by even and equal portions, as a satisfaction or compensation for any loss or damage which the said Sir William Maynard, his heirs of assigns, shall or may sustain in manner before mentioned; the first payment of the said annual relit, or yearly sum of forty eight pounds, to commence and be made on the first of the said days which shall happen next after the said boats, barges, lighters, or other vessels, shall by the ways and means before mentioned be prevented or obstructed from passing or repassing to, from, or through, the said weir belonging the said Sir William Maynard as aforsaid, or such lock or i locks shall be erected as aforesaid: and in case of refusal or nonpayment of the said annual relit or yearly sum of forty eight pounds, or any part thereof, for the space ot forty days next after any of the days before appointed for payment thereof as aforesaid, the said Sir William Maynard, his heirs and assigns, shall and may have and take such and the same powers and remedies for receiving and recovering the said annual relit or yearly sum of forty eight pounds, or To much thereof as shall, from time to time, be in arrear and unpaid, and all the costs and expences attending the recovery thereof, as are in this act provided for the payment of any money or annuities that shall be granted and made payable by virtue of this act; and such annual relit or yearly sum of forty eight pounds shall be paid in preference to and have a priority against all other annuities, charges, payments, or Turns of money which shall hereafter be created and become payable to any person or persons advancing money by way of security upon the rates and duties by this act made payable, or on any sum or Turns of money vested in or made payable to the said trustees by virtue hereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so Toon as the boats, barges, lighters, or other vessels, shall, by the ways and means before mentioned, be prevented or obstructed from pairing or repairing to, from, or through, the said weir or turnpike belonging to the said Sir William Maynard as aforesaid; the said trustees shall, out of the first monies which shall be raised and received by them in pursuance of this act, erect and build in a substantial and workman-like manner a wharf on the Essex side of the said river, opposite to the place where the tail ot Tottenham mill ft ream falls into the said river, of the same dimensions with the wharf now belonging to the said Sir Wiliam Maynard at Hel/yer's Ferry aforesaid; and shall and do cause to

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51J

It removed the warehouses and other conveniencies on the said wharf at HellyePs Ferry to such new wharf so to be erected as aforesaid; and shall and do make a good waggon road from such new wharf to the yard of the dwelling-house of the tenant of the said Sir William Maynard at Helper's Ferry aforesaid; and, from time to time, and at all times thereafter, keep the same in good condition and repair.

XXVIII. And whereas there is a turnpike or lock upon the said river at or near Waltham Abbey, in the said county of Essex, now belonging to Sir William Wake baronet, and Peter Floyer esquire9 where they receive a toll of five shillings for every boat or other vessel coming down the said river, which said turnpike or lock, when the new intended cut or canal is made from the said river above King's Weir aforesaid to the west tailJlream of the powder mills Wal-

tham Abbey, will not be made use of for the purpose of the said intended navigation, and by means thereof the said toll will no longer be received at the said turnpike or lock; in order therefore to make compensation to the owners of the said turnpike or lock for the loss they will sustain by making such new cut or canal; be it further enacted.

That from and immediately after the making and perfecting the Satisfaction to laid cut or canal from above King's Weir to the west tail stream William of the powder mills near Waltham Abbey as aforesaid, and so soon j££f, ?F*"yCr*as the same shall be made navigable, the said turnpike and the for tolls now property thereof shall be vested in, and the same is hereby vested received in, the trustees appointed to put this present act in execution, by them, and their successors; and the said trustees and their successors, or any seven or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay, or cause to be paid, unto the said Sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their respective heir6 and assigns, to and for such uses, intents, and purposes, as the said turnpike or lock now Hands limited, or to such person or persons as they shall authorize and appoint to receive the same, out of the several rates and duties to be collected and received in pursuance of this present act* for every ton of goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities, which shall be carried or conveyed down the said river through the said cut or canal from above King's Weir to the west tail stream of the powder mills near Waltham Abbey as aforesaid, the sum of one penny per ton, free from all deductions whatsoever, by four even and equal quarterly payments in the year (that is to say) on the feast of Saint Michael the archangel, the birth of our Lord Christ, the annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, and the nativity of Saint fohn the baptist; the first payment to begin and be made on such of the said feasts or days of payment as shall first and next happen after the said cut or canal from above King's Weir to the said west tail stream of the said powder mills near Waltham Abbey,

shall be made navigable as aforesaid; and if the said payments, or any of them, or any pjrt or parts thereof, shall be behind and unpaid fer the space of twenty one days next after the same shall become due; then the said Sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their heirs and assigns, shall and may have and take such.

Vql. XXVII. N n and

Satitfaction made to Sir Wm. Wake and Peter Floyer for toils, shall be in full fa-tistn&ion to their tenant «f the corn

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. [1766.

and the same powers and remedies for receiving and recovering the said payments, and all arrears thereof, and all costs and expences attending the recovery thereof, as are in this act provided for the payment of any shares or annuities that shall be granted and made payable by virtue of this act; and such payments or tonnage shall be made and paid in preference to and have a priority against all annuities, payments, charges, or sums of mooey, which shall hereafter be created and become payable to any person or persons advancing money by way of security upon the rates and duties by this act made payable, or on any sum or sums. of money veiled in, or made payable to the said trustees by virtue hereof.

XXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That from and after the making the said new cut fan above King's Weir to the west tail dream of the powder mills near Waltham Abbey aforesaid, the said tall of one penny par too hereby directed to be paid by the said trustees to the said Sir William Wake and Peter Floyer> their heirs, and assigns, shall be accepted and taken in lieu and satisfaction of the said toll of five

__________ shillings now paid to the said Sir William Wake and Pater FUyer,

mills at Walt* for every boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, passing through ham Abbey, the said turnpike or lock called Waltham Turnpike; and aho in lieu and satisfaction of all payments which the tenant or occupier of the corn mills at Waltham Abbey aforesaid, belonging to the said Sir William Wake and Peter FUyer, shall thereafter claim or demand for any aid or assistance by such tenant or occupier given from the said mills to the passing of boats, barges, lighters, and other vessels, up or down the said river.

XXX. And> for the better after taining what sum or sums of money JbalL> from time to time, be due and payable to the said Sit William Wake and Peter Floyer, their heirs, and affigm* in tom-

Power to Sir pensation for the said tolls as aforesaid; be it further enacted, That Wm. Wake the said Sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their heirs, and af-F?dPCttoi % ns> or or persons as they, either, or any of them,

fee^books1) to shall for that purpose appoint, shall and may, at any time or akertain the times hereafter, have full and free liberty and power of insped-number of ing, examining, and taking copies at their own expence, of all

boats and such books, accounts, and entries, as shall at any time or time*

gcxjdicarried thereafter be made, entered, or kept, at the place neared to

ekerem. King's Weir, where such books, accounts, or entries, shall be

made, entered, or kept, by any person or persons appointed to receive any rates or duties to be collected and received in pursuance of this act, or otherwise respecting the said navigation, ia order to fee the number of boats, barges, lighters, and other vessels, that shall pass through the said cut or canal to be made from above King's Weir to the west tail dream of the said powder mills near Waltham Abbey, and the quantity or tonnage of the goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities, which shall be carried or conveyed therein.

XXXI. And whereas by means of the said lock or turnpike on tb$ [aid river called Waltham Turnpike, the water of the said river is

pinned

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51, £43

\emsedup to fitch an height, that certain corn mills at Waltham Abbey, the preperty of the said Sir William Wake and Peter Fioyer, and certain gunpowder mills there the property of Thomas Walton and Bourchier Walton, esquires, are supplied with water from the said river; and also certain grounds at Waltham Abbey aforesaid, the property of the said Sir William Wake, and now in the occupation of James Barwick, and Mary Farran widow, callico printers and partners, are supplied with water by flofhes from the said turnpike as often as the same is opened for the passage of barges or other vessel vt or down the said river, and certain Jiages are built and made in the said river adjoining to the said callico grounds for wafting and cleaning the linens therein: and whereas the said turnpike will not be necessary, for the purposes of navigation, after the said new cut from above King's Weir to the west tailjlream of the powder mills near Waltham Abbey aforesaid shall have been made and compleated; and in case the same is not, from time to time, kept up and supported, the said com mills, gunpowder mills, and callico grounds, will not be supplied with water as they have heretofore been: and whereas the said Thomas Walton and Bourchier Walton are owners of a fishery upon part of the said river as well above as below the said turnpike: be it therefore further enacted, That the said trustees Directing that appointed by this a c1, and their successors, or any seven or more when the cut of them, shall, from and immediately after the said new cut £*11 b?.m*d* shall have been made and compleated from King's Weir afore- weir^w&c said to the west tail stream of the powder mills near Waltham west ta*,] Abbey aforesaid, put the said turnpike in good and sufficient re- stream of the pair, or erect and make (bme other device in the place and (lead powder mills thereof, which shall effectually answer the same purpose, for Abbey the01 supplying the said corn mills and gunpowder mills with water, as trustees shall s*he said turnpike now doth; and shall, from time to time, keep repair, and such turnpike or other device of the same perpendicular height keep in reus the present turnpike now is, and not lower; and shall, from time to time, well and sufficiently maintain, support, and keep, and of suffi-the said turnpike or other device in good repair, and cause the dent heighth same to be properly looked after, attended to, and opened, in to supply the case of floods, to prevent damage to the country therefrom; ^un* -which said turnpike or other device shall not, from and after the der nSlir^and making of the said new cut, be opened, except in the case of callico*floods, for the purpose of better letting out of the same, and grounds, at except for the purpose of flthing the Said river, which may be Walthamwith done, from time to time, as the owners of the fishery there shallwater* think fit, not exceeding four times in any year; and also except for the purpose of making such circular hole or bore therein as herein after i9 directed; and in case the said turnpike, or other device to be made in the dead thereof, shall, at any time or times thereafter, be in want of repair or amendment, the said trustees, or their successors, or any leven or more of them, shall, on application to be made to their clerk for that purpose, by a notice in writing from the said Sir William Wake, Peter Fioyer,

Thomas Walton, and Bourchier Walton, any or either of them, their or any or either of their heirs or assigns, to be given to the -

Nna said

5 44

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. [1766.

laid clerk, or left at his usual place of abode, cause the said turn/ pike or other device to be well and sufficiently repaired and a« mended within twenty one days next after such application shall have been made as aforesaid; and in- case the said trustees, or their successors, pr any seven or more of them, shall not, within the time aforesaid, cause the said turnpike or other device to be well and sufficiently repaired and amended, it shall and may be lawful to and for two justices of the peace of the said county of Essex, and they are hereby authorized and required to taxe a view of the said turnpike or other device, on application to them for that purpose, to be made by the said Sir William Wake, Peter Floy or, Thomas Walton, and Bourchier Walton, any or either of them, their or any or either of their heirs or assigns; and if, upon such view, the said justices shall find the said turnpike or other device to be in want of repair or amendment, then the said justices shall, by writing under their hands and seals, certify what repairs or amendments are wanting to be made and done to the said turnpike, or other device; which certificate shall be delivered to the clerk to the said trustees, or left at his usual place of abode; and in case the said trustees, or their successors, or any seven or more of them, shall not, within twenty one days next after the said certificate shall be delivered to, or left with, their said clerk as aforesaid, cause the said turnpike, or other device, to be well and sufficiently repaired; then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir William Wake, Peter Floyer, Thomas Walton, and BourckUr Walton, any or either of them, their or any or either of their heirs or assigns, and they are hereby authorized to cause such reparations and amendments to be made to the said turnpike, or other device, as shall be mentioned in the said certificate: and the said trustees or their successors, or any seven or more of them, shall pay, or caqfe to be paid, to the person or persons at whose expence the said repairs and amendments shall have been made, all such costs, charges, and expences, as he or they shall have paid, expended, and been put to, on that occasion; such costs, charges, and expences, to be liquidated by such two justices as aforesaid, if any dispute shall arise touching the same: and in case of non-payment thereof for the space of ten days next after demand for that purpose made on the collector of the rates and duties hereby directed to be paid and collected at the lock which shall beneareft to King's Weir aforesaid; it shall and may be lawful to and for the person and persons at whose expence such repairs and amendments shall have been made as aforesaid, to receive all and every the rates and duties hereby di-relted to be collected and paid at the said lock, until he and they shall have reimbursed himself and themselves all such costs, charges, and expences, as he or they shall have been put to in making such repairs and amendments as aforesaid: and the said trustees and their successors, or any seven or more of them, shall cause the said turnpike, or other device, to be well and sufficiently looked after and attended for the purposes herein before

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. 545

and herein after mentioned: and in case the person who shall be appointed for that purpose shall not look after and attend the same in a proper manner; then, and in such case, after due information given thereof, and the particular causes of complaint specified in writing, subscribed by the said Sir William Wake,

Peter Floyer, Thomas Walton, and Bourchier Walton, any or either of them, their or any of their heirs and assigns, and delivered to the clerk to the said trustees, or left at his usual place of abode, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir William Wake,

Peter Floyer, Thomas Walton, and Bourchier Walton, any or either of them, their or any or either of their heirs or assigns, to cause the said turnpike, or other device, to be well and sufficiently looked after, and attended by some person or persons to be by them, any or either of them appointed for that purpose: and the said trustees or their successors, or any seven or more of them,

shall pay to the said Sir William Wake, Peter Floyer, Thomat

Walton, and Bourchier Walton, their heirs or assigns, such sum or sums as they, any or either of them, shall pay to any person or persons for looking after and attending the said turnpike, or

other device: and in case any difference shall arise between the said trustees and the said Sir William Wake, Peter Floyer, Thomas

Walton, and Bourchier Walton, their heirs or assigns, touching

the amount or reasonableness of the sum or sums so paid for

looking after and attending the said turnpike, or other device,

the same shall be settled by two justices of the peace for the said

County of Essex, whose determination therein shall be final.

XXXII. And, for the providing a constant or regular draught or current of water down the said river from the said turnpike, or other device to be ere fled in the (lead thereof, for the carrying on the trade and business at the said calico grounds; be it further enacted, That A bore to be the said trustees, or their successors, or any seven or more ofmadc them, shall, immediately after the said new cut shall have been thamtupike p made from King's Weir aforesaid to the west tail stream of the»*

said powder mills near Waltham Abbey aforesaid, cause to be cut supply of wa-and made in the said turnpike, or other device to be erected ter down the in the stead thereof, a circular hole or bore of six inches the

diameter, for a constant passage of water through the same, ^ounjd$ at and to fix thereupon a brass or copper plate, not exceeding pne Walihan*. quarter of an inch in thickness, with the like circular hole or bore therein, the centre of which circular hole or bore shall be cut and made two feet below the top or gauge height of the said turnpike, or other device to be erected in the stead there-jof; and shall, from time to time, continue, maintain, and keep such circular hole or bore in the said turnpike, or other device for the purpose aforesaid: And in case the said trustees, pr their successors, or any seven or more of them, shall neglect pr refuse to have such circular hole or bore cut and made in the said turnpike, or other device, or such brass or copper plate fixed thereupon as aforesaid, within two days next after the said ^ew cut shall have been made from King's Weir aforesaid to the W*ft tail stream of the powder mills near Wqltham Abbey afore-

W

£4.6 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 5*. f 1766.

said, or shall, at any time thereafter, neglect or refofe to continue the same therein, then, and in either of the said cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir William Wakes his heirs, or assigns, and he and they is and are hereby authorized to cut and make in the said turnpike, or other device, such circular hole or bore, and to fix thereupon such brafc or copper plate as aforesaid, and, from time to time, to continue the same; and the said trustees, or their successors, or any seven or more of them, shall, on notice to be for that purpose given to their clerk in writing, pay or cause to be paid to the said Sir William Wake, his heirs, or assigns, iB such costs, charges, and expences, as he or they stall hare been put unto in making such circular hole or bore, and fixhw such brass or copper plate thereon as aforesaid: And in caw any difference shall arise between the said trustees and the said Sir William Wake, his heirs, or assigns, touching the amount at reasonableness of the sum or sums of money so paid as aforesaid, the quantum thereof shall be settled and adjusted by two justices of the peace for the said county of Essex, whose determination therein shall be final.

XXXIII. And, for the further and better supplying the said James Barwick and Mary Farran, and ail ftueeeding tenants of the foil eatico grounds, with water for washing the linens in the find river in the same manner as is now done, and forftrengtbcning the current

Sir William of water there; be it further enacted, That it shall and may IW Wake, and hit lawful to and for the said Sir William Wake, his heirs, and assigns*

/ romraftTh/ an<*118 and t^e*r tenants the said calico grounds, and he current of the and they is and are hereby authorized to contract the present river opposite current of the said river opposite the said grounds to ehe width the callico Gf nine fot dear water way; and for that purpose to drive or fix in the said river planks or pieces of timber; in order to form a barrier therein; provided such barrier shall not be raised more than four inches above the surface of the water in dry seasons, to the end the water may at all other seasons run over the said barrier; and, from time to time, to continue, keep up, and maintain such barrier, in manner and for the purpose aforesaid.

XXXIV. And whereas it appears by a survey of the millstream belonging to the said com mills at Waltham Abbey aforesaid, mode under the direction of the said trustees, that a much mater quantity of water will pass down the said mill fir earn when the said new cut from above King's Weir aforesaid to the west tail stream of the powder mills near Waltham Abbey aforesaid shall have been made

Callico than now does; be it farther enacted, That from and immediate-groundi at ty after the said new cut shall have been made and compleated, ^Tupplied° lt an<* may b* to smd far the tenants and occupiers

wirli water of the said grounds, now in the occupation of the said Jam#

fi oWaltham Barwick and Mary Farran, and all succeeding tenants of the com^gT0Unds> and they are hereby authorized, from time to pull itifam. time, 16 take a faffictent quantity of water out of the said milt stream, for fiUing the cuts or canals made, and to to mede^ in the fod calico grounds, or any qfher grounds adjoining

Uttrcunto

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51.' $47

hereunto, now belonging to the said Sir William Wake; and for that purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sir William Wake, hk heirs, tenants, or assigns, or his or their workmen, and they are hereby authorized to drive and fix in the said mill (bream a pile, and to cut and make in the said pile a circular hole or bore not exceeding two inches and five fix* teenth parts of an inch diameter, for the constant passage of water out of the said mill fhream into the said cuts or canals made, or to be made, in the said callico grounds, or any other grounds adjoining the reunto, now belonging to the said Sir William Wake; and to place or fix upon the said pile a brass or copper plate not exceeding one quarter of an inch in thickness, with (iich circular hole or bore therein as aforesaid, the centre of which said circular hole or bore shall be placed two feet below the common and ordinary mark of a full head at the said mill, and, from time to time, to continue the same in the manner and for the purpose aforesaid; and the tenant or occupier of the said corn taills at Waltham Abbey aforesaid, shall not at any time or times thereafter wilfully do any act, matter, or thing, to prevent a full and free passage of water out of the said mill stream through the said circular hole or bore into the said cuts or canals made, or to be made, in the said calico grounds, or any other grounds adjoining the reunto, now belonging to the said Sir William Wake*

XXXV. And whereas the mill stream from the tail of the '/aid gunpowder mils belonging to the said Thomas and Bouchier Walton is navigable to the present channel of the said river Lee, which channel from the end of the said mill stream to the place where the said new cut to be made from King's Weir will communicate with the said river Lee, near the said west mill stream*will be disused for common navigation afttr the said new cut is made, but it ts necessary that the same Should be preserved in a navigable fate for the benefit of the said mills; be it therefore further enacted, That no- Navigation to thing herein contained shall enable the said trustees for the said nayigation to do any act, matter, or thing whatsoever, whereby thq navigation of the said river Lee, in its present course or preserved. channel From the said mill stream to the common channel of the said river where the said new navigation shall be carried on, shall or may be destroyed or injured; but that on the contrary the said trustees shall and will deanse, preserve, and maintain, the lame in a proper and effectual manner, that there may always be as good a navigation to and from the said mills as there now is.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and Owners of declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to oblige the owners, lessees, tenants, or filppiy water, occupiers, of the gunpowder mills at Waltham Holy Cross, in

the county of Essex, to draw up or open, or (hut or put down, any dough or doughs of their (luices for the purpose of doing to ppcfcuung any of the works in pursuance of this

*; xxxyn.>its.

54*

Alteration to be made m Bromley Lock.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. [1766.

XXXVII. And whereas Richard Lockwood, esquire, is owns

of (ertain mills upon the faii river Lee, known by the name of the Pour Mills, at Bromley; be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, or be construed to authorize or impower the said trustees, or any of them, to make any alteration in the lock called Bromley Lock, the dams, cuts, or water dreams, leading to the said four mills; or any ways to defeat, prejudice, or affect, the right or property of the said Richard Lockwood, his heirs, or assigns, therein, without the previous consent of the said Richard Lockwood, his heirs, or assigns.

XXXVIII. And whereas George Byrd esquire, and fevered other persons, are proprietors of certain water-works called The Westham Water-works, in the county of Essex, /ir raising water for the supph of the inhabitants of Stratford, West ham. Bow, Bromley, Mile-End, Stepney, and other adjacent places, with good and wholfomc water; which said water-works are jituate ups* a branch or cut from the river Lee, and are supplied from the faii river with water; and the said proprietors have been at very greet expenses in the treftion and maintaining thereof: And in order to extend and render more useful the said undertaking by having their property secured to them, the said proprietors obtained an act in the twenty first year of his late Majesty, whereby they were authorized to make and maintain works, cuts, dams, devices, and buildings for xondufting and conveying water to the said several parishes and places for the purposes aforesaid; and since the passing of the said act the) have been at further great expenses, and have also erected on the said fir earn or cut a new water-mill and engine for raising water, the belter to supply the inhabitants of the aforesaid towns and parishes, and also Bethnal Green, Shadwell, Cockhill, Rat-clisse, and other places adjacent; which expenses in different purchases, leases, erections, and works, for supplying the said inhabit tants with water, have amounted to upwards of forty ttoufaiU ^Saving of thepQUnds; be it therefore further enacted, That nothing in this pitmrietora^ifa<^ contained ft all extend, or be construed to extend, to defeat, WcHbamWa- prejudice, or affect, the right of the said proprietors to the (Said tu-works. works, or the water-cuts and dams so made#by them for the purposes aforesaid, and the dream running to the same; but that it shall and may be lawful for the said proprietors of the said water-works for the time being, and their heirs, executors, administrators, assigns, and successors, to have, hold, take, and enjoy, the said works, cuts, and dams, now made by them, and also the water and dream coming from the said river Lee for the working the same, and supplying the said inhabitants or others with water, and all the rights, privileges, benefits, and advantages, belonging thereto, in as full and ample manner as they the said proprietors now possess and enjoy die same; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstan'ding.

XXXIX> And be it further enacted, That in case the said

To prevent the water of the river (root trustees* their successors,

or shall, by virtue of the

pow^l

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51., 549

Upowers and authorities by this act granted, take or divert being diverted any water out of the river Lee, or out of the cut or canal belonging to the said water-works, to the prejudice or injury judice of thereof; then, and in such case, the said trustees, their fucccl- WdlhamWa-Tors, or assigns, shall, from time to time, make to the pro- ter-worlu. prietors of the said water-works for the time being full satisfaction for the injury, loss, and damage, which shall, from time to time, be sustained by the*proprietors of the said works, by reason of such water being taken or diverted from the said Water-works; such damages to be, from time to time, settled and ascertained, recovered and levied, when unpaid, in such manner, and with the like powers, authorities, and remedies, in all respeAs, as any other damages, which shall be sustained by the exercise of any of the powers of this act, are herein di-jected to be settled, ascertained, recovered, and levied: And in case the masteror owner of any boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel navigating upon the said intended cut or canal, between Lee Bridge and Hackney Brook, or navigation, or other person or persons whatsoever, shall wantonly, or through carelessnessor negligence, break, throw down, damage, or destroy any banks or other works erected, or to be erected, or made for the purposes of the said navigation; or shall wantonly, or without occasion, or in a careless or negligent manner, open, or cause to be opened, or left open any lock belonging to the said navigation, cut, or canal, or leave any of the locks open and running for any longer time than is necessary for the passage of any boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel; or if any person or persons shall draw, or cause to be drawn, any of the locks, gates, (luices, or hatches, which shall be made on the said cut or canal between Lee Bridge and Hackney Brooky so as to mif-spend and waste, or shall by any means wilfully mif-spend or waste, the water of the river Lee % or do any other act to the prejudice of the said water-works; every such person or persons, so offending in any of the said particulars, and being thereof convicted before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the counties of Essex or Middlesex> by or upon the oath of one or more witness or witnesses (which oath such justice or justices is and are hereby respectively impowered and required to administer) shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, a sum not exceeding five pounds; and in default of payment thereof, the person or persons so offending shall, by warrant or warrants of such justice or justices, be committed to the house of correction for the said counties respectively; there to be kept to hard labour for any time such justice or justices shall direct, not exceeding two months, or until payment of the said forfeiture: But in case the damage so done as aforesaid, shall exceed the sum of five pounds; then it shall and may be lawful for the said proprietors of the said waterworks, their heirs, executors, administrators, assigns, and succes--fors, to sue for and recover such forfeiture, with lull costs of fair, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-.jetty's courts of record; wherein no essoin, protcAifiO, or wager jaw, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed. t,

The proprietor* of West-ham Waterworks (in case the water of the river shall be diverted or run to waste) to put down the locks, and to enter upon the cuts to repair breaches.

The cut to be made between lee Bridge#

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. [1766.

XL. And whereas in case the water of the said cut or canal ftaUf by any of the ways and means of trefoil, or otherwise^ be diverted or permitted to run to waste for any length of time9 great injury and damage may ensue to the fata water-works, and the per fans who are to be supplied with water therefrom; be it therefore further tended, That when and as often as the water shall be diverted, or run to waste by the means aforesaid, or otherwise, to the prejudice of the said water-works (in case the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall not, within twenty four hours after notice of such waste shall be given, or left in writing, to the surveyor or keeper of any of the locks upon the said cut or canal, or be left for him at his usual place of abode, effectually flop the water from running to waste as aforesaid;,) it shall and may be lawful for the proprietors of the said waterworks, or any of them, their heirs, executors, adoninistrators, assigns, or successors, or any of them, or for their surveyor or surveyors, and workmen, and they are hereby impowered, to

!ro upon the said cut or canal, and ground, belonging to the aid navigation; and, by such ways and means as they shall deem fit and necessary, stop up, put down, and (hut down, the lock or locks, gates or hatches, so left open, and mend or repair any breaches, or otherwise prevent a further waste of water from the said cut or canal; and the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, in such case, pay to the said proprietors, their heirs, executors, administrators, assigns, or successors, all such reasonable costs, charges, and expences, as they shall reasonably deserve to have for the same, over and bolides the penalty herein before-mentioned \ such costs, charges, and expences, to be settled by any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said counties of Eftix and Middlesex respectively: and in case of non-payment for the space of four days after demand made on their agent or agents, such expences shall and may be recovered and levied, in such manner as is in this act provided for the payment of any shares or annuities that shall and may be granted and made payable by virtue thereof; any thing in this act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding,

XLI. And whereas Francis John Tyffen esquire9 is entitled t§ an antient water com mill near Lee Bridge, which with other works are now employed in raising water for the supply of the inhabitants of the pari ft of Hackney, and other places adjacent, with good and wholesome water; which said mill and water-works are fttuate upon a branch or cut from the said river Lee, and supplted with water therefrom by means of a weir or lock lately ereited by Abraham Ogier and others, lefties under the said Francis John Tysien, at very considerable expence 5 which lock or weir hath been found by experience te be of very great fervid and advantage to the navigation or the said river Lee; and it is necessary that the same ftould be iept up and continued for the benefit of the new cut or canal intended to be made between Lee Bridge and the mouth of the stream supply* tng the said mill and water-works \ be it therefore enacted, Thai the intended navigation shall be carried through the Aid mil

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51; 551

dseam, and the said new cut or canal shall begin on the well and the mill a side of the said mill, but not nearer than ten yards from the "hickh foppj* buildings belonging thereto; nor shall any lock or device be "r^worke' placed so as to obstruct or divert the dream belonging to the with water, laid mill. Hull be made

on the west side of the said mill, but not within tea yard* thereof.

XLII. And, to the intent that both tbt said and

tyorks, and also the said new intended cut or may he

/applied with a /efficient quantity of water, be it further enacted.

That the said lad mentioned lock shall not at any time be drawn iaterwhich or opened for the purposes of the said navigation, nor by the suppi i. Hack-proprietors of the said mill and water-works, or their assigns, ney Water-servants, or agents, so as to reduce the head of water belong* work*, shall ing to the said mill and water-works mere than six inches be-low the ufua) gauge mark, or height of a full head; the same inches below to be ascertained by a done or pod to be set up by the said tru- the usual dees for that purpose: and that the said tru dees shall cause a gauge of*bridge to be erected and maintained over the said mill dream, U head, at or near the place where the present bridge now dands, diffident for the passage of hoffes, waggons, carts, and carriages, from the turnpike road over Lee Bridge to the said* mill and water-works.

XLIII. And whereas the governor and company of the New River are entitled to the payment of one /sillingfor every boat, or eraft, faffing through tholoth or ti/em mentioned in the fend recited

alt of the twelfth year of tho retgn of his late to be near

Ware Mills, by owners or occupiers of every such boat, barge, or craft, and are alft seised of a weir and weir-bottfe or fishing-house near the town ofvfw, be it further enacted, That from and Satisfaction t» after the passing of this act, the said governor and company be made the of the New Rsvir shall not demand, have, receive, or take, ^ew R^Te£_ any toll, rate, or duty whatsoever, of or from the owners or ^t'oiTnow*occupiers of any boat, barge, or other craft, passing through taken by them the said lock or cidern j and also that the said weir and weir-house for the passing or fishing-house, but not the said lock or ridem, shall from a

thenceforth be veded in, and the same are hereby veded in, wareMUl, the trustees appointed by this act and their successors for ever, and also for a for the purposes of the said navigation; and in consideration weir and nd satisfaction thereof, the said trustees and their successors, weir-house or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorized, im- "

powered, and required, to pay and allow to the said governor and company of the New River, out of the said rates, duties, and sums of money, to be raised or paid by virtue of this all, the Aim of one shilling for every boat, barge, lighter, or other craft, which shall at any time after the passing of this act pass through the find lock or cidem, by (bur even or enual quarterly payments in the year; (that is to say) on the read of Saint Michael the archangel, the birth of our Lord ChrHl, the annunciation of the biemd Virgin Mary, and the nativity jftf Saint John the baptid; the fird payment to begin and be Madf tbofiud fold or days of payment as shall fird and

np*fc

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. [1766.

next happen after the passing of this a A; and also that tie said trustees and their successors, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorized, impowered, and required, further to pay and allow unto the said governor and company of the said New River, out of the rates, duties, and sums or money, to be raised or paid by virtue of this act, the annual relit or yearly sum of forty pounds, free and clear of and from all and all manner of taxes and deductions parliamentary or otherwise howsoever, at or on the said four feasts in every year, by even and equal portions; the first payment of the said annual relit of forty pounds to begin and be made on such of the said feasts or days of payment as shall first and next happen after the passing of this act: and in case the said several and respective payments, or any of them, or any part or parts thereof, shall be behind and unpaid by the space of forty days next after the same shall become due; that then the said governor and company of the New River shall and may have and take such and the same remedies and powers for recovering and receiving the said respective payments, and all arrears thereof, as are in this i act provided for the payment of any shares or annuities that, shall be granted and made payable by virtue of this act; and such payments shall be made in preference to, and have a; priority against, all other annuities, charges, payments, or sums j of money, which shall hereafter be created and become payable j to any person or persons advancing money by way of security j upon the rates and duties by this act made payable, or on any sum or sums of money veiled in or made payable to the said trustees by virtue hereof.

Nothing in XlylV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act to nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed or con-prejudice the ftnjcd to extend, to defeat, injure, or in any manner to alter, pnvilegesof prejudice, or affect, the rights, interests, or property, of the the Ne« River said governor and company of the New River of, in, or to, ccr-Icompany. tain mills, lands, and hereditaments, in the parishes of Wars and Great Amwell\ in the county of Hertford, vested in them by a certain private act of parliament passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for vesting certain milllands* and hereditaments, in the parishes of Ware and Great Amwell, in the county of Hertford [being part of the estate ^/"Thomas Pluraer Byde esquire, on infant^ and comprised in the grandfather's marriage ftttlement) in the governor and company of the New River -brought from Chadwell and Amwell to London, and for securing a perpetual relit-chargs in lieu thereof for the benefit of the persons claiming under the said settlement, or to give any power to the said. trustees by any means to diminish, divert, prejudice, or alter, the supply or Course of the water of or belonging to the works of the said governor and company, or to, pen up the water between the weir and the mill tail, (o as in any measure to prejudice or obstruct the working of the said mills; or to defeat, injure, or in any manner to alter, prejudice, orffedt, the right*, interests, qg } property

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. 553

property of the said governor and company of, in, or to any estates, powers, advantages, privileges, tolls, duties, benefits, or emoluments whatsoever, vested in them the said governor and company in and by the first abovementioned act of the twelfth year of his said late Majesty; save and except in respect of the said toll or payment of one shilling for every barge, boat, or craft, passing through the said lock or cistern, and -in respect of the said weir or fishing-house herein before-.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the For veiling passing of this act, the weirs called Sotheby's Upper Weir, other- Newman1* wife Newman's Weir and Parkinson's Weir9 upon the river Leey shall be vested in the said trustees; and that the said trustees, wdrlnThe or any seven or more of them, shall pay the annual sum of trustees, nineteen pounds five shillings, clear of all taxes and deductions and for whatsoever, imposed, or to be imposed, by authority of par-Lament, or otherwise howsoever, to the occupier of the said weir on the said river Lee, called Sotheby's or Newman's Weir, his leffect there-executors, administrators, or assigns, during the residue of his of for the present subsisting lease thereof; and from and after the determination thereof; to the owner or owners of the said weir for the time being; and also shall pay, or cause to be paid, the annual sum of sixteen pounds fifteen shillings, free and clear from all taxes and deductions as aforesaid, to the occupier of the said weir called Parkinson's Weir, during the residue of his present subsisting lease thereof; and from and after the determination of such lease, to the owner or owners of the said weir for the time being, by half-yearly payments and equal portions at Lady-day and Michaelmas yearly for ever; the first payment thereof to commence at such of the said days as shall happen immediately after the passing of this act; which said annual sums shall be in full satisfaction and compensation for the several tolls or sums of money usually paid for the passage of barges and boats through the said weirs, and shall be charged and chargeable upon, and be payable and paid by and out of the tolls made payable by this act, or any money which shall be raised by the authority thereof: and in case the said several sums of nineteen pounds five shillings, or sixteen pounds fifteen shillings, or any of them, or any part thereof, shall be behind and unpaid by the space of forty days after the same shall so become respectively due as aforesaid, being demanded of the tresurer or treasurers of the said trustees for the time being; that then, and in such case, and so often as the said annual sums, or any of them, shall be so respectively in arrear as aforesaid, then the said owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of the said weirs, their heirs and assigns, shall and may have and take such and the same powers and remedies for receiving and recovering the said payments, and all arrears thereof, and all cods and expences attending the recovery thereof, as are in this act provided for the payment of any shares or anouitiey that shall be granted gr made payable by virtue of this act.

XLVI«

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. [1766.

XLVI. And whereas seer time immemorial there hath been a navigation to certain mills called Sewardfton Mills, situate\ lying, and being, in the parish of Waltham Holy Croft, n the county of Essex: and whereas there is at present no road or access to the said mills, for the carrying of goods, but by the find navigation: and whereas by the new cut or canal intended to be made by virtue of this att, the said navigation to the said mills, unless provision be by this all made for preserving the same, will be left, and the said mills therebyrendered of little or no value: be it therefore irttsfoaton to further enacted, That the said trustees, or any seven or more be made to the of them, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to or cau^c to* out nte$ an<* duties by this

for thenavi*-act granted and directed to be received and taken, to the owner gation to the or owners, occupier or occupiers, of the said mills, an annual mills and for sum of forty five pounds; which said annual sum of forty fire all other pay- poUnj8 shall be in full satisfiuftion and compensation for the Srt madeVo navigation to the said mills; and all payments heretofore made thr owners of to the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of the said thefeid mills, mills; and the said annual sum of forty five pounds shall be paid by half-yearly payments and equal portions at Lady-iaj \ and Michaelmas yearly for ever: the first payment to be made, at such of the said days as shall happen after the new intended: navigable cut or canal herein before mentioned, leading from above Sotheby's Upper Weir, otherwise called Newmatfs Weir\ ! on the west side thereof, into and through the tail stream of Tottenham Mill, shall be perfected and rendered fit to bens-, ! vigatca upon; and in case of refuftl or non-payment of the said annual relit of forty five pounds, or any part thereof, for the space of forty days next after any of the days before appointed for the payment thereof as aforesaid, the said owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of the said mills, his, her, or their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, shall and may have and take such and the same powers and remedies for receiving and recovering the said annual relit of forty five pounds, or so much thereof as shall, from time to time, be in arrear and unpaid, and all the costs and expences attending the recovery thereof, as are in this act provided for the payment of any money or annuities that shall be granted and made payable oy virtue of this a St; and that the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required to make and conduct the new intended cut or canal at or near a certain lock called Enfield Lock, in the county of Middlesex, within twenty yards of the said river Lee, between Sotheby's Upper Weir, otherwise Newman's Weir, and Enfield Lock, so that goods landed upon a wharf to be made and erected on the east side of the said intended new cut or canal may be conveniently reladen at a wharf to be made on the west side of the said river Lee; and that the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, at their own costs and charges, make, and erect, and for ever thereafter keep in repair, one such convenient wharf of the length of ten feet on the east side of the said new intended cut

or

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51.

hr canal; and one other such convenient wharf of the fahie length, opposite to the foregoing, and within twenty yards thereof, on the west side of the said river Let; and shall like-wife, at their own costs and charges, indole a piece of ground between the said two wharfs of twenty five feet bfoad and forty feet long, with pales or boards ten feet high, with a convenient door or aperture towards each of the said wharfs, for the reception and preservation of goods that may be landed on either of them; and shall for ever keep the said inclosure in repair; and that the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of the said mills shall have full power and authority, at the expence of such owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, to cleanse and, cut the banks of the river leading to the said mills, commonly called the Mill River, as they shall think fit, convenient, and necessary, for making a navigation from the said wharf, on the east side of the river Lee, to the said mills; so as in cleansing and cutting the said mill river, the said owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of the said mills do not enlarge the mouth of the said mill river j and likewise to remove all obstructions to the said navigation, and to alter any bridge or bridges that is or are now erected or built over the said river called the Mill River, so that such bridge or bridges may admit boats and barges, to be made use of on the said navigation, from the said whan on the river Let near to the said mills, conveniently to pass under the same $ and to make a convenient towing or haling path on one side of the said navigation, to be made use of for the purposes of the same: and if any perfoit or persons shall sustain any damage by or by means of any such cleansing or cutting the said mill river, or by removing any obstructions on the lame, or by altering any bridge or bridges, or by making such haling or towing path, such damage shall be demanded, tendered, ascertained, recovered, and paid of and by the said owner or occupier, or owners or occupiers of the said mills* in the very same manner, to all intents and purposes, as damages are by this act to be demanded, tendered, ascertained, recovered, and paid, by and to persons injured by making the said new intended cut or canal, or in consequence or by means thereof.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said herein before mentioned yearly and annual sums of nineteen pounds five shillings, sixteen pounds fifteen shillings, and forty five pounds, herein before directed respectively to be paid to the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, ot Sotheby's Upper Weir, otherwise called Newman's fVeiry Parktnfon's Weir^ and Sewardston's Mills, shall be paid in preference to, and have a priority against, all other annuities, payments, charges, or sums of money which shall hereafter be created and become payable to any person or persons advancing money by way of security, upon the rates, duties, or tolls, by this act made payable, or on any sum or sums of money veiled in, or madp payable t°i the said trusteetj by virtue hereof

S5S

Satisfaction to be made to the owners of Newman's Weir, Parkin-(on's Weir, and Seward-(ton's Mills, to have a prer ference in payment against allotted payments*

Height of the banks to the cut from Newman's Weir into Enfield mill,

and cut east-ward of Enfield mills, to be four inches above the banks of the mill dream j

subject to the regulations here set down.

A lock to be made in the cut from Newman's Weir into Enfield Mill Stream, and another to be made in the

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51.

XLVIII. And, in order that a constant supply of water may hi provided and preserved for the use of Sewarddon Mills; be it further enacted, That with all convenient speed, after the said cut or canal from above Newman's Weir into Enfield Mill Stream shall be made, the said trustees shall, at their own cods and charges, cause to be erected, to the southward of and within one hundred yards from the head of the dream leading to Sew-ardston Mills, a sufficient (top or erection cross the said river Lee; and, at all times afterwards, maintain, preserve, and repair, the same; and in case the said trustees shall at any time neglect or omit so to do, the owner or owners, or occupier or occupiers, of the said mills, shall recover and receive damages for such omission or neglect, in the same manner as other persons receiving damages, by or by means of the said new intended cut or canal, may recover their damages.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the banks on each side of the said new cut to be made from above Sotheby's upper Weir, otherwise called Newman's Weir, into Enfield Mill Stream, shall be made and maintained of the height of four inches at lead above the present level of the bank of the said river Lee, from whence the said cut is intended to be made.

L. And be it further enacted, That the banks on each side of the said new cut to be made to the eastward of Enfield Mills, above the lock to be eretfed in the said cut, shall be made and maintained of the height of four inches at lead above the present level of the bank of the said mill dream, from whence the said cut is intended to be made.

LI. Provided always nevertheless, That the said new cut to be made from above Sotheby's upper Weir, otherwise called Newman's Weir, into Enfiela Mill Stream, and along such dream so far as the said navigation is to pass through the same; and the said cut, to be made to the eastward of Enfield Mills, shall be made, done, secured, and maintained, in such manner as that the quantity of water Rowing to the said mills, called Enfield Mills, shall not be lessened or lowered further than shall be necessary for the passage of barges, boats, or other vessels, through the said lock, or the free passage of the water be stopped or obstructed in its course to the head of the said mills; and so as that the water in the said mill dream, below the said mills, shall not be raised above its ancient and usual height; and foas neither to deepen or obstruct the passage through the ford below the said mills, or to hinder the working of the said mills; and so as not to obdrudt the navigation to the said mills, and all the wharfs and lands belonging to the owner thereof.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in some convenient place of the said new cut to be made from above Sotheby's upper Weir, otherwise called Newman's Weir, into Enfield Mill Stream, the said trustees shall cause to be erected and built a proper lock or ciftem convenient for the passage of such barges, boats, and other vessels as aforesaid, the gates of which said lock (halt be made of the height of four inches above the present level of

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51.557

the'bank of the said river Lee9 from whence the said new cyteuttothe shall begin to be made; and in some convenient place of the eastward of said new cut to be made to the eastward of Enfield Mills, shall EatxcU* MlU, f cause to be erected and built another lock or cittern convenient for the passage of such barges, boats, or other vessels as aforesaid, the gates of which latt mentioned lock or cittern shall be made of the height of four inches above the present level of the bank of the said mill stream, from whence the said new cut shall begin to be made.

LIII. Andy in order to prevent the owners, lessees9 tenants, or occupiers, of the said millsy called Enfield Mills, being injured by any mismanagement or neglect in the management of the said lock or.cijlern to be ere fled on the said new cut to the eastward of the said mills; be it further enacted, That the tenant or tenants, occu- Occupier of pier or occupiers, of the said mills, called Enfield Milhy for the Enfield Mills time being, shall have the care and management of the said lock^the 6r cittern so to be erected as aforesaid in the said cut to the eart- to'ward of the said mills: and in order to make a proper recoto- made in the pence and satisfa<ttion for such care and management to the said cut to the tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, of the said mills, the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, out of the the MlU, monies to be raised or paid by virtue of this act, from time to time, after the erection of such lock, pay unto such tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, of the said mills, the yearly sum of ten pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, free and clear of all taxes and deductions whatsoever, by four equal<juarterljr payments, to be made on the featt days of the Annunciation, of the blessed virgin Mary, Saint John the baptist, Saint Michael the archangel, and the birth of our Lord Christ, in every ye^r; the first of such payments to be made on such of those days act

shall first and next happen after the building of the said lock: and in case of refusal or nonpayment of the said yearly sum of ten pounds, or any part thereof, for the space of forty days next after any of the days before appointed for payment thereof, such tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, of the said mills, shall and may have and take such and the same powers and remedies for receiving and recovering the said yearly sum of ten pounds, or so much thereof as shall, from time to time, be behind and unpaid as aforesaid, and all costs and expences attending the recovery thereof, as are in this act provided for the payment of any shares or annuities that shall be granted and made payable by virtue of this act; and such yearly sum of ten pounds shall be paid in preference to, and have a priority against, all other annuities, charges, payments, or sums of money, which shall hereafter be created and become payable to any person or persons advancing money by way of security upon the rates and duties by this act made payable, or on any sum or Turns of money vetted in, or made payable to, the said trustees, by virtue hereof.

LIV. Andy in order to prevent any interruption of the navigation along the said mill stream, after the said new cutp and canals to and Vol. XXVII. O 0 from the usual height i

and draw down the same for repairs, See.

558 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51; [1766.

from the said mill Jlream shall be made\ be it further enactedj When the wa- That when and as often as the water therein shall be reduced to ter shall be re- five feet above the present fill of the waste-gate of that part of ducedtoacer-t^e said mills called the Corn Mills, the gates of the said mills En^Hdlvi-iU be ^ut* anc* m^s topped irom working; which the gates or' said height of five feet shall be ascertained by a stone or poll to thr mills shall be set up by the said trustees for that purpose. be (hut, and the mills (topped from working.

LeiTces, See.

LV. Provided always nevertheless, That nothing herein of Enfield contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or mills may pen hinder the owners, leflecs, tenants, or occupiers of the said up witrr to mii]s called Enfield Mills from penning up the water above the said mills, as high as they have heretofore used to pen the same; nor shall any work be erested, or any act be done, which may tend to prevent or hinder them in the penning up such water as aforesaid.

LVI. Provided also, That nothing in this act mentioned or contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the owners, lessees, tenants, or occupiers, of the said mills from drawing down the water to repair the said mills, or to deanfe the said mill stream, or repair the banks thereof at any time, giving notice, giving twenty four hours notice to the said trustees or their agents, that they may, if they think proper, make a dam or flop, to keep the water up to the said height of five feet, for the purpose of the said navigation whilst such repairs are wanting-

LVII. And) to prevent disputes between the said trustees and the owners, lessees, tenants, or occupiers of the said mills called Enfield Mills, respecting the height to which the water may be penned abrut The height of the said mills \ be it further enacted, That within the space of fix the water in calendar months next after the said cuts to communicate with the cut* to and the mju stream shall be begun to be made, proper ftonci Mih Stream to or P°^s be erected and set up at the expence of the owners, be ascertained tenants, lessees, or occupiers, of the said mills, at some proper by (tones or place, to be agreed upon and fixed by them and the said trustees, polts. whereon shall be marked, in plain and legible figures or

letters, the height to which the water hath usually been penned above the said mills, and the height to which the same stands below the said mills when the said mills are not at work, and no water passeth from the river above into the same below the said mills.

After the cuts

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the shall be nude making of the said new cuts or canals, to and from the said £«-t?° finiVjL°'ir field Mill Stream^ the said trustees shall, at their own proper Stream the c°^s 30(1 charges, ^rom t^me to time, well and sufficiently trustees shallclcanfe and scour the said new cuts or canals, and also the four the cum whole of the said mill stream above the said mills, so far as the and repair thefarne is used for navigation; and also shall and will well and sufficiently. repair and maintain the said two locks or citterns, and the banks of the said cuts or canals, and the banks of the mill stream aforesaid, so as to prevent unnecessary waste of water. LIX. And

locks and banks.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. gt2 559

LIX. And be it farther enacted, That the said mill dream, Neither En- and the cut or canal to the eastward of the said mills, shall not M, !I be used by the said trustees, or any other person whatsoever th^cIn'to The (except the owners, tenants, lessees, or occupiers, of the said eiftward of mills) for any other purpose than that of navigation; and no Enfield Mills, barge or other vessel shall stop to take in or load, deliver out or* unload, any goods or merchandizes whatsoever on any part pJJrpo£ thani thereof, nor mall loiter or stop on the same unnecessarily; but for naviga-nevertheless it shall and may be lawful to and for the owners, tien. tenants, lessees, or occupiers, of the said mills, to make such wharfs on his, her, or their lands, and to use the lame for the loading and unloading of goods, in like manner as they now can or may do from any (Jart of the said mill stream, so that the same do not obstruct or interrupt the navigation in any manner.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declar- Rights of the ed. That nothing contained in this act shall tend to prejudice ?JEner °(j*he the right of the owner or owners of the said Enfield Mill Stream an/bdo* V° to the fishery, both above and below the said mills) and from Enfield Mill* and after the said new cut or canal to the eastward of the said saved. mills shall be made, the owner or owners of the said mill stream shall and may have and enjoy the benefit of the fishery in such new cut or canal, and in the said mill stream, in the same manner as they now are intitled to, and exercise and enjoy the right of fishery therein; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: but such right shall be (o exercised as not to interfere with, or interrupt, the execution of this act, or the free use of the said navigation.

LXI. And whereas it may be necessary in many places where the The owners .1new cuts er canals are intended to be made as aforesaid, and where or occupiers locks or ciftems shall be necessary to be ere fled and repaired, to draw of mills shall off the water and stop the working of the nulls adjoining to or near °Pcn.or ^ut the same \ be it therefore further enacted, That every owner, fQr the'works lessee, tenant, or occupier, of any mill or mills which shall be of navigation, necessary to be (lopped for the doing the necessary works afore- upon notice said in execution of this act, or for the repairs thereof, from S1"*"P" time to time, as the same shall be necessary, shall, upon reason- orten^eros able request made, and forty eight hours notice given, and up- recompence on payment or tender of such recompence or satisfaction as is for the same* herein after mentioned to be made to him or them by the said trustees, or any other person or persons employed as their servant or agent, draw up, or open, (hut, or put down, any dough or doughs of any (luice or sluices, which shall be necessary to be opened or (hut respectively for the making the said intended cuts, and erecting the said locks or cisterns, and the works requisite for that purpose, and for altering and repairing the same; and such owners, lessees, tenants, or occupiers, of any such mill or mills (hill and may, in such case, lawfully demand, have, and receive, and there shall become due and payable to him, her, or them, from the said trustees (before (topping their mills as aforesaid) as a recompence and compensation for such drawing up or (hutting such dough or doughs respectively,

560 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51.' [1766.

the sum of tea pence for every hour that every or any* wheel of any such mill shall, by that means, or on that account, be (lopped or hindred from working, and so in propor-_.. tien for any greater or lesser time.

be'stopped but

LXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared,

in certain That the owners, lessees, tenants, or occupiers, of any mill or months in the mills, which it shall be necessary to (top or hinder the working year of for the purpose aforesaid, shall not be liable or obliged to

draw up or open, or to (hut or put down, any dough or doughs of any fluict or sluices, for the purposes aforesaid, at any other time or times than in the months of May, June, July, and August, nor during those months for any longer time or times than four days in any one week, unless some accident or misfortune may happen or arise which shall require immediate redress, and in such case the lame shall and may be remedied and repaired at other times in the year as shall be necessary, but so as not to (lop or hinder the working of any mill or mills more than four days in any one week, after such notice given as aforesaid; any thing contained in this act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Satisfaction to

LXIII. And, for recompence and satisfaction for the use of the be made to the said mill Jlream Jar the purpose of the said navigation, as aforesaid, Enfield°Mill lt ^urt^cr That it shall and may be lawful to and

Stream for the for r^c trustees, and they are hereby authorized and ira-use of the said powered to contract and agree with the owner of the said En-itream for the field Mills, and the tenants or occupiers thereof, and to pay, or purpose of cause to be paid to such owner, tenant, or occupier, out of the

navigation. monjes to raised or paid by virtue of this act, in such man-

ner and proportions, as such owner, tenants, or occupiers, shall agree amongst themselves, the yearly sum of forty pounds, of lawful money of Great Britain, free and clear of all taxes and deductions whatsoever, by four equal quarterly payments, to be made on the feast days of Saint John the baptist. Saint Michael the archangel, the birth of ourllord Christ, and the annunciation of the blessed virgin Mary, in every year, the first of such payments to be made on the feast day of Saint John the baptist now next ensuing; and in case of refusal or nonpayment of the said yearly sum of forty pounds, or any part thereof, for the space of twenty one days next after any of the days herein before appointed for payment thereof as aforesaid, such owner of the said mills, and the tenants or occupiers thereof, shall and may have and take such and the same powers and remedies for receiving and recovering the said yearly sum of forty pounds, or so much thereof as shall from time to time be in arrear and unpaid; and all costs and expences attending the recovery thereof, as are in this act provided for the payment of any shares or annuities that shall be granted and made payable by virtue of this act; and such yearly sum of forty pounds shall be paid in preference to, and have a priority against all other annuities, charges, payments, or sums of money which shall hereafter be created and become payable to any person or periods advancing

money

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. 561

money by way of security, upon the rates and duties by this a<$fc made payable, or any sum or sums of money vested in, or made payable to the said trustees by virtue hereof.

LXIV. And whereas the dean and chatter of the cathedral church of Saint Paul in London are owners of a certain weir situate upon the river Lee, now in the possession of Merry Tefhmakerj, or his under tenants, by virtue of a lease for a term of twenty one years to him granted by the said dean and chapter, which said weir it will be proper and necessary to make use offor the purpose of improving the said navigation, or the same will be rendered useless thereby; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Satisfaction to said trustees, or any seven or more of them, and they are here-by authorized to contract and agree with the said dean and chapter of St. chapter, and their said lessee, and his assigns or under tenants, Paul's and for the absolute purchase of their respective estates, terms, and their lessee interests in the said weir; and in consideration of, and satisfac- for*wcJr UP* tien for the same, to pay out of the monies, rates, and duties, ^c nver to be raised and paid by virtue of this a# unto the said Merry Tejhmaker, his executors, adminstrators, or assigns, or his or their under tenants, during the continuance of the said now subsisting lease, and after the determination thereof, unto the said dean and chapter, and their successors for ever, one annuity or yearly sum of twenty five pounds, clear of all taxes, charges, and other deductions whatsoever, imposed or to be imposed by authority of parliament, or otherwise howsoever, by equal half-yearly payments, and also to pay to them respectively out of the monies to be raised or paid as aforesaid, the costs and charges attending such agreements and purchases; which said annuity, or yearly sum of twenty five pounds, shall be for ever paid as aforesaid, in preference to, and have a priority against, all other annuities, charges, payments, and sums of money, which shall hereafter be created, secured, or made payable, out of or upon the rates and duties to be raised by virtue of this act, or any sum or sums of money vested in, or payable to, the said trustees by virtue thereof.

LXV. And whereas Abraham Hume esquire is the owner of a certain house, weir, andfifhery situate on the river Lee, some parts whereof it will be necessary to make use of in improving the said navigation, and other parts thereof may be rendered useless thereby; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Satisfaction to and for the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, to con-, ma^c to tract and agree with the said Abraham Hume for the purchase of HumeEiq; the said house, weir and fishery, with the appurtenances, for for an hotfe, the yearly sum of twenty eight pounds, free from all deductions; weir, andfiih* and to pay out of the monies to be raised or paid by virtue of cfy* "P°n th this a#, the said yearly sum of twenty eight pounds, and also nvcr L, cc* the cost and charges attending such agreement and purchase; which said yearly sum of twenty eight pounds shall be paid in preference to, and have a priority against, all other annuities, payments, charges, or sums of money, which shall hereafter bo created and become payable to any person or persons advancing

Q 03 money

562 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51V [1766.

money by way of security upon the rates and dudes by this act made payable, or on any sum or Aims of money vested in or made payable to the said trustees by virtue hereof.

LXVI. And whereat John Archer esquiro is the owner of a certain house and weir situate on the river Lee, some farts whereof it will fre necessary to uje in improving the said navigation, and other parts Hereof may be rendered ufelefi thereby; be it therefore further Satisfaction to enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said be made to trustees, or any seven or more of them, to contrail and agree John Archer with the said John Archer for the purchase of the said house and house^weir we*r> with appurtenances, for the yearly sum of twenty and fishery* eight pounds, free from all deductions, and to pay out the mo-upon the A- nies to be raised or paid by virtue of this act the said yearly sum vcr Lee. of twenty eight pounds, and also the cods and charges attending such agreement and purchase; which said yearly sum of twenty eight pounds shall be paid in preference to, and have a priority against, all other annuities, payments, charges, or sums of mpney, which shall hereafter be created and become payable to any person or persons advancing money by way of security upon the rates and duties by this act made payable, or on any sum or Turns of money vested in, or made payable to, the said trustees by virtue hereof.

Towing-path

LXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That iowing-path on the side of the new cut which shall be made m on ton*through Enfield and Edmonton Marsket, shall be made on the

mar&esto be east side of the said cut; except that part of it which extends the east side, from the head of Enfield Mill Stream to Newman*s JFeirm Nothing to

LXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in prejudice the this all contained shall extend to authorize or impower the said river Stort. trustees to do any all or alls whereby to prejudice, or render ineffectual, the navigation of the river Stort.

Navigation to

LXIX. And be it enacted, That the said navigation shall be free. from henceforth be a free navigation, and that all the King's liege people whomsoever shall and may have, and lawfully enjoy, free passage along, in, through, and upon, the channel of the said river, and such new cuts and canals as aforesaid, with and for boats, barges, lighters, and other vessels; and also the use of the towing or haling-paths, and all other necessary and convenient liberties for navigating the same, without any let, hindrance, or obstruction, from any person or persons whomsoever; subjcll nevertheless to the payment of such rates atld duties as, by the tenor and true meaning of this all, are or ought to be paid to the said trustees, or such person or persons as they, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint to collell the same; and also subject to the orders and bye-laws which shall be, from time to time, made by the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, for the regulation of the said navigation.

Trustees to

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees, or pay proprie- any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby required^to pay, or cause to be paid, out of the monies to be raised and pdiage of by virtue of this aH» to the Several and respdttvc owners

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51.

nd proprietors, or occupiers, of any weir, turnpike, lock, cittern, or other place, upon the said river, where such respective owners and proprietors, or occupiers, have heretofore respectively taken any sum of money for the aiding or assisting any boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, in the parting up or down the said river, such sum and sums of money as the said owners and proprietors, or occupiers, have respectively usually taken at such respective weirs, turnpikes, locks, citterns, or other places, for the parting of every such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, that shall pals up or aown the said river, until the contracts aforesaid, which the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, are by this act impowered to enter into, shall be carried into execution, or until such owners and proprietors, or occupiers respectively, shall have received satisfaction for the same, in manner herein before prescribed.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said several and respective owners and proprietors, or occupiers, of any such weir, turnpike, lock, cittern, or other place, upon the said river, shall, until such contracts as aforesaid shall have been carried into execution, or until such owners and proprietors, or occupiers respectively, shall have received such satisfaction as aforesaid; and they are hereby required by themselves, their agents, servants, or workmen, to do and perform all and every such acts, matters, and things, as shall be necessary for aiding and assisting boats, barges, lighters, and other vessels, in parting up or down the said river, in the same manner, and as effectually, as they have usually done before the passing of this act: and if any such owner and proprietor, or occupier, (half refuse or neglect to do or perform all such acts, matters, anc) things, as shall be necessary for the aiding and assisting the said boats, barges, lighters, and other vessels, in parting up or dowq the said river as aforesaid; every such owner and proprietor, or occupier, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the stun of forty shillings.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no person shall fit or ad as a trustee in any case where he shall be in any wise di-redly or indirectly interested or concerned in the matter or matters in question; and that no person, other than such as are trustees in respect of offices, shall be qualified or capable of acting as a trustee by virtue of this act, who shall not be, in his own right, or in the right of his wife, in the actual possession and enjoyment, or receipt, of the rents and profits of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, freehold or copyhold, of the clear yearly value of one hundred pounds: and in case any person shall fit or ad, being fp interested; or if any person who shaft be deemed unqualified, or made incapable for the causes aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to ad; every such person shall, fqr every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered, with full costs of suit, by any person or persons who shall sue or prosecute for the lame, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record

Oof 9t

563

boats, &c. till the contracts carried into execution.

Occupiers of locks and weirs to give the same assistance to the patting of boats as before the parting of the ad, until the works of navigation are completed.

Qualification oftruttee*

56 4

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. [1766.

at Westminster\ wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law* or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and upon any such suit or prosecution, the proof of such qualification shall lie upon, and be made out of, by every trustee so to be sued or prosecuted.

First meeting

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees, of truAeci. or any five or more of them, shall meet on IVtinesday the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, at a house known by the sign of the Rose and Crown at Enfield High* way, in the parish of Enfield in the county of Middlesex, and proceed to the execution of this act; and the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall afterwards hold a general meeting on the first Monday in 7tine in every year; and the said trustees, or any five or more of them, assembled at such first and at any subsequent meeting, may, from time to time, adjourn and hold their meetings at such place and places as they, or any five or Notice to be more of them, shall appoint: and if at any time a sufficient given of every number of trustees shall not attend to act or to adjourn the meet-uc meeting. thCy shall, from time to time, as often as the case shall b happen, be deemed adjourned until that day month to the same place; and the treasurer, clerk, or surveyor, of the said trustees, shall cause notice in writing or in print under his hand, of the time and place of holding every meeting, to be affixed on some

sublick place in the towns of Hertford, TVarey Stanfied, IValt-am Abbey, Enfield, Edmonton, Tottenham, Hackney, Bow, and Stratford Langthorn, at least two days before every such meeting, unless the business to be transacted at any meeting, of which such notice has been given as aforesaid, shall not be concluded on the day mentioned in such notice; in which case the trustees, or any five or more of them, may, from time to time, adjourn to the succeeding day, or, if such day be Sunday, to the day after, and in like manner from day to day, and may meet again at the same or any other convenient place, and proceed in such business until the same is finished, without any notice to be given of the meetings held by such adjournments; but no meeting shall be held by virtue of this act at any place which is above ten miles distant from the said river; and the trustees at all their meetings shall defray their own expences; and no trustee or trustees shall be impowered to do any matter or thing in the execution of this act, otherwise than at a meeting to be held in pursuance hereof; No order to be and that no order or determination of the said trustees, or any repealedonless five or more of them, shall be revoked or altered, unless seven 7 tr*iflees, be trustees shall be present, and concur therein, trustees may

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That all such trustees as are aft as justices. justices of the peace may act as justices of the peace in the execution of this act, notwithstanding their being trustees.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That upon the death oc resignation of any trustee hereby appointed or hereafter to be elested, the surviving trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall and may, from time to time, at any general meeting of the said trustees, whereof ten days notice shall at least be given in

some

On death of trustees, others to be Chosen.

5*5

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51.'

some publick news paper, elect in the (lead of every such trustee deceased or religning one other person to be a trustee, who at the time of his election shall be living or residing in the county where such deceased trustee or the trustee resigning did at the time of election, nomination, or appointment, live or resute; and every person so elected shall have the same authorities and powers as if he had been named a trustee in this act.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees, powertoap-or any seven or more of them, shall, by writing under their point officers! hands, from time to time, appoint such person or persons at they shall think fit to be collector or collectors of the rates or du*-ties hereby granted or authorized to be taken; and also a tresurer or treasurers to receive all monies arising by virtue of this act, or of the said recited act (such treasurers and collectors giving security to the satisfaction of the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, for the due execution of their respective offices) and such collector or collectors, and all other persons who have had or received by virtue of the said recited act, or who shall at any time or times hereafter have or receive any money by virtue of this act, shall, from time to time, pay over all the monies so collected or received into the hands of the said tresurer or treasurers at such times and in such manner as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall direct and appoint; and the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, may also appoint a clerk or clerks, and such other officers as they shall think fit to employ in the execution of this act, and may allow to such treasurers, collectors, clerks, and other officers, such salaries or recompence out of the monies to be raised or paid by virtue of this act, as they the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall think reasonable; and all such officers shall be, from time to time, removeable at the will and pleasure of the said trustees, or any seven or more of them; and the said trustees, w|, 0 m tole-r or any five or more of them, shall, and may, from time to time, count upon and at such times as they shall think proper, summon before oath, them, and if they think fit examine upon oath (which oath any two of the said trustees are hereby impowered to administer)- all or any of the said treasurers, collectors, clerks, and all other officers and persons employed in, or intrusted with the receipt or expenditure of all or any of the monies received by virtue of the said recited act, or to be raised or received by virtue of this act; and every such treasurer, collector, clerk, and other officer and person as aforesaid, is hereby required to render to the said trustees, or any five or more of them, a true, exact, and perfect account in writing, of all and every sum and sums of money so by him respectively received or expended as aforesaid: and in officersrefufc case any or either of such treasurers, collectors, clerks, or other ing to account officers or persons, shall be found in arrear, or refuse to account, m?y he com-or to pay the money due upon the balance of such account, according to the orders and directions of the said trustees, or any five or more of them; it shall and may be lawful for the said tjrustees, or any five or more of them, by warrant or warrants 4 ' under

566

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. [1766.

under their hands and seals, to levy by distress and sale of the goods and chattles of the person or persons so found in arrearor refilling to account, or to pay the money due upon the balance of such account, such sum or Aims of money as he or they shall be required to account for, or as shall be found due upon the balance of his or their account or accounts; and for want of sufficient distress, it shall be lawful for any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county or place where such offender or offenders shall then be or reside, upon proof made of all or any of the offences aforesaid, by warrant or warrants under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to commit such offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county or place wherein such offender or offenders shall then be or reside, there to remain without bail or mainprize until he or they shall have made a true and perfect account, and paid such monies as shall appear to be remaining in his or their hands to the said trustees, or any five or more of them, or according to their appointment, or shall have compounded for the same, and paid such composition-monies, which composition the said trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make; or such trustees, or any five or more of them, may, and are hereby impowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any action or actions, in the name or names of any one or more of them, or in the name of their treasurer or clerk, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, against any such officer or person so rc* fuiing, neglecting, or making default as aforesaid, for the recovery of the monies that shall be in the hands of such officer or other person respectively.

Treasurer, LXX

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any person, whq

clerk, &c. to hath been or shall be appointed a treasurer, or receiver, col-deliver book* lector, clerk, surveyor, or other officer as aforesaid, shall refuse triSk10g to thC or neg^ to deliver up to the said trustees, or any five or more of them, being the reunto required by the said trustees, or any five or more of them, either by a personal demand, or by writing under their hands, left at the lad usual place of abode of such treasurer or receiver, collector, clerk, surveyor, or other officer, at a certain time and place to be appointed, all the books, papers, and writings, in his or their custody or power relating to the trusts and powers by the said recited act or this act granted to the said trustees, it shall and may be lawful for one or more justice or justices of the peace, on the complaint of the said trustees, or any five or more of them, by warrant under their hands and seals, to commit such person or persons to the common gaol of the county wherein he or they shall dwell, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he or they shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the said trustees, or any five or more of them, or to their order, all or any of the said books, papers, and writings, or shall have given an account thereof to the satisfaction of the said trustees, or any five or more of them.

LXXVIII. And whereas by the said recited a<7, pajfei in the,

twelfth year of the reign tjf his late Majesty> it is % among other

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51; 567

things, entitled^ That the governor and company of the New River Jhdl pay, or cause to be paid, unto such person and persons as the trustees appointed in or by virtue of the fold att9 or any ten or more of them, shouldy from time to time, by writing under their hands, apt pointy the several yearly sums of money in the said atl particularly mentioned) in the manner and at the times therein mentioned; which said yearly sums were directed to be applied for the better preservation and improvement of the navigation of the rtver Lee, as therein men -timed, and for purchasing) building, or hiring, locks or weirs upon the said river, and for other the purposes in the said act mentioned; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this act, the said governor and company shall pay, or cause New River to be paid, to the said trustees appointed in or by virtue of this company to act, or any five or more of them, or to such person or persons j?ay cert*| as they, or any seven or more of them, shall, from time to time,

by writing under their hands, appoint, and at such time or times as in the said act is appointed for payment thereof, the said several yearly sums of money, and all arrears thereof; and the said several yearly sums of money, or annual payments, and all arrears thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby, vested in the said trustees appointed in or by virtue of this act, and shall be by them, or any five or more of them, from time to time, applied to the uses and for the purposes of this act; and the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby, veiled with the Dune powers and authorities for the demanding and recovering the said several yearly sums of money or annual payments, or nny part or parts thereof which shall be behind or unpaid, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as the same are given to, or veiled in, the trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited act.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Trustees to lawful to and for the said trustees appointed in or by virtue of settle ac-this act, or any five or more of them, to settle and adjust with counts with the treasurer, clerk, or any other officer or officers of the trustees under the

appointed by virtue of the said recited act, or any other person former a &f or persons whomsoever, any accounts depending between them and to pay tho respectively, and the said trustees appointed by the said recited balance, act; and out of the monies to be raised or paid by virtue ofthi9 act, to pay all such sums of money as shall be coming due on the balance of such accounts from the trustees appointed by virtue of the said recited act, to the person or persons to whom the same shall appear to be due; which payments shall be an effectual discharge to the trustees appointed by the said recited act: and that all and every sum and sums of money now or at any time hereafter to be due or owing from such treasurer, clerk, or other officer or officers, or any other person or persons, to the said trustees appointed by virtue of the said recited act; and all securities for money, belonging to such trustees, in the hands of such treasurer or other person or persons, are hereby vested in the said trustees appointed in or by virtue of this act, to be by them, or any five or more of them* from time to time, applied h 1 for

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51.' [1766.

for the purposes of this act; and the said trustees, or any five cf^more of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to dc- mand, sue for, and recover, all and every such securities for money, and all monies due or to grow due thereon, as folly and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as the trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited act could or might have done, in case this act had not been made.

What rates

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That at such place and and duties places upon or adjoining to the said river, or cuts or canals, as shall be taken, the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, under their hands and seals, appoint, there shall be paid to the collector or colleAors appointed by the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, by all and every person and persons who shall carry or

convey any goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities whatsoever, up or down the said river, or cuts or canals (except as herein after is excepted) such sum or films of money as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall, upon due consideration of the expences attending the execution of this act, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, think proper to appoint, not exceeding the following rates and duties (that is to say) 1

For every chaldron of coals, culm* or cinders, that shall be ] carried or conveyed through King's Weir % or through the lock I which shall be made or erected at or nearest to the said weir, eight pence: and for every ton of other goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities whatsoever, that shall be carried or conveyed through the said weir or lock, six pence; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity or weight than a chaldron or ton.

And for every chaldron of coals, culm, or cinders, which shall be carried or conveyed through Newmans fVeir % or through the lock which shall be made or erected at or nearest tq the kid*weir, eight pence: and for every ton of other goods, wares,

t merchandizes, and commodities whatsoever, that shall be carried

or conveyed through the said weir or lock, six pence; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity or weight than a chaldron or ton.

And for every chaldron of coals, culm, or cinders, which shall be carried or conveyed through Lee Bridge, or through any lock which shall be made or erected in the new cut below the said bridge, four pence: and for every'ton of other goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities, that shall be carried or conveyed through the said bridge or lock, three pence; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity or weight than a chaldron or ton.

And for every chaldron of coals, culm, or cinders, which shall be carried or conveyed on the cut which shall be made from Brmley Lock into the river Thames, three pence: and for every ton of other goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities, that shall be carried or conveyed on the said cut, two pfnee; and so

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. 569

n proportion for any greater or lesser quantity or weight than a chaldron or ton.

And for every pleasure boat which shall pass through either of the Taid locks or places, or on the said cut which shall be made from Bromley Lock into die river Thames, one shilling,

LXXXI. Provided always, That five quarters of wheat, rye, beans, peas, and tares, shall be allowed to a ton; fix quarters of barley to a ton; eight quarters of malt and oats to a ton; eight sacks of meal or flour, containing five bushels each, to a ton; and ten quarters of bran or pollard to a ton: and if any person or persons hereby made subject to the payment of the said rates and duties, or any of them, shall not pay the same, upon demand. thereof made by the collector or collectors appointed as aforesaid to collect the said rates and duties, or any of them, such collector or collectors is and are hereby authorized and required to seize any such goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities, and the boats, barges, lighters, or other vessels carrying or conveying the lame, and such pleasure boats respectively; and in case such rate and duty, or rates and duties, shall not be paid within the space of four days next after such seizure, it shall be lawful for such collector or collectors to fell such goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities, boats, barges, lighters, and other vessels, or pleasure boats; rendering the overplus (if any) to the person or persons making default in payment as aforesaid, after the said rate and duty, or rates and duties, together with the reasonable charges of such seizure and sale, shall be deducted and paid.

LXXXII. Provided always, That no tonnage rates or duties Exemptions, shall be due, paid, or demanded, for any boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, carrying only oil cakes, malt dust, pigeon dung, or manure of any kind whatsoever, on the said river, or the said new cuts or canals, ojr any of them, or any part thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIII. Provided also, That if the cut or canal between Conditional Lee Bridge and Hackney Brook shall not be made and perfected exemptions, within the space of seven years from the passing of this act, the said toils, duties, or rates, hereby directed to be paid between the said bridge and the said brook, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

LXXXIV. And) for the moreeafy eollefling the rates and duties Report to be hereby made payable, be it further enacted, That every person made of loadhaving the charge of any boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, ing by navi* which shall pass through any or either of the said weirs or locks, 8ators* or bridge, or on the said cut, shall give an account, in writing, signed by himself, unto such person or persons, and at such place and places as shall, from time to time, be appointed by the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, to receive the same, of the quantity, quality, and weight, of the goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities, which shall be in such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, at the time the same shall pass

through

ffyo Anno fepdtooGioRGn IH. c. 5*.' fj

thtnagh the find weir, lock, bridge, or on the UdMt or

of the quantity, quality, and weight, of the goods, wares, chandizes, and commodities, winch Anil have beendifc! or taken out of inch boat, barge, lighter, or other veflei, the arrival thereof at the place where fitch account is tohe j and in failure of giving such account, or in case a false a shall be given, every such persons shall, for evay such o forfeit and pay the fom of -five pounds and s-anydil shall arise between any'collector of the (kid rates and data the persons having thocharge of my boat, barge, IMbter.o veflei, or the owner of any goode, wares, tnerdmndiaes, o modities therein, concerning the quantity, ' quality, or 1 of the same, it shall be lawful far such cnUe&or to Hop a tain any such boat, barge* lighter, or other veflei, and to measure, gauge, or number, or caafe-to be weighed, are gauged, or nutnbered, U such goods, wares, tnerdiandin commodities} and in case the same shall appear tu be of s; quantity or weight, or other quality, than such persons d the same to he, in every such case, nich persons dull pay tfa and charges of such weighing}' measuring, -gauging, and bering; and the said coin and chargee, and penalty* upa fill of payment thereof, on deipand, shall and may be rec in the same manner a* the rates and duties hereby gnu* appointed to be recovered} but if such goods, wares, me dices, or commodities, shall appear to be of no greater si <or weight, or of no other quality, than shall bnVe been in such account, then such.cofle&or (had pay Inch cal charges; and shall alfe pay to such persons, or to the-on owners of such goods, wares, merchandise*, or comme two shillings and six pence for every hour that such boat, lighter, or other veflei, shall be detained upon account t weighing, measuring, gauging, or numbering, and so m f -tien for any greater or lesser time than one hour} and in < of immediate payment thereof, the same shall be levied stress and sale of the goods snd chattles of such collect warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the pe either of the counties of Hertford* EJJfx, or AliidJtftx j r ing the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners thereof the said payment and charges of such distress and sale II deducted.

Monies to be

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all fiunsef i sailed vetted to be raised or paid by virtue of this act shall be, and th in the tru- hereby, vested in the bid trustees, and shall be applied,

first place, in discharging the expences incurred in, and i

lationto, the obtaining this act; and afterwards, inpayb several annual payments herein before directed to be madi in performing the several com rads and agreements eotere -by the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, in pud thereof; and for improving, completing, and maintainiiM said navigation, and carrying this act, and the several prorfi powers, and authorities, herein contained, into effeaud <1 tion, and to no other uf* or purpose whatsoever.

L xxiii

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. 571

v LXXXVI. And in order to ratfe a sufficient Jim of money for the Trustees may speedy execution of this act, be it further enacted, That it shall and b£rrow mo* may be lawful for the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, ncy* from time to time, to alsign over the rates and duties arising by virtue of this act, and also any sum or sums of money by this 'Sdl made payable to, or vested in, the said trustees, or any part or parts thereof; the costs and charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such rates and duties, or sum or sums of moi.jy, as a security for any sum or sums of money to be borrowed, with interest for the same, to such person or persons as shall advance the same, or their trustee or trustees: and all and every person 'and persons to whom the said trustees, or any seven or more of 'them, shall, at any time or times, make such assignment or assignments, shall oe equally intitled to their proportion of the said rates and duties, or sum or sums of money, according to; the respective sums in such assignments mentioned to be advanced, to secure the repayment thereof, with interest as afore* laid, without any preference by reason of priority of assignment, or on any other account whatsoever; and the money so borrow- Application ed shall be applied in such manner as the said rates and duties, and sum and sums of money are herein before directed to be ap- orro plied, and to no other use or purpose; and an entry or memorial of every such assignment, containing the date, names of the

Parties, and sums of money, shall be made in a book or books o be kept for that purpose by the clerk or clerks, treasurer or treasurers, to the said trustees; which said book or books, shall and may be perused at all seasonable times by all persons whomsoever without fee or reward; and all and every person or persons, to whom any such assignment or assignments shall be made as* aforesaid, or wno shall be intitled to the money thereby recured, may, from time to time, assign or transfer his, her, or their right, title, interest, or benefit, to the principal and inte-ireft thereby secured, or any part or parts thereof, to any person or persons whomsoever; which said transfer or assignment, shall be produced and notified to the clerk or clerks, treasurer or treasurers, who shall cause an entry or memorial to be made of such assignment or transfer, containing the date, names of the parities, and the sums of money therein transferred, in the said book or books to be kept for the entering the said original assignments, for which the said clerk or clerks, treasurer or treasurers,

shall be paid such sums as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint, not exceeding the fuin of two shillings and six pence; and such entry being made, but not till 'then, every such assignment shall intitle such assignee, his, her,

'or their executors, administrators, and assigns, to the benefit 'thereof and payment thereon; and such afugnees may in like manner assign again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who shall have made such ] assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any*monies thereby secured, or any part thereof.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall also think it pro- annuities for

per lives.

T$jo Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. [1766.

through the said weir, lock, bridge, or on the said cut; and allb of the quantity, quality, and weight, of the goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities, which shall have been discharged or taken out of such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, before the arrival thereof at the place wheFe such account is to be given; and in failure of giving such account, or in case a false account shall be given, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; and if any difference shall arise between any collector of the said rates and duties, and the person having the charge of any boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, or the owner of any goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities therein, concerning the quantity, quality, or weight, of the same, it shall be lawful for such collector to stop and de-. tain any such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, and to weigh, measure, gauge, or number, or cause to be weighed, measured, gauged, or numbered, all such goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities; and in case the same shall appear to be of a greater quantity or weight, or other quality, than such person declared the same to be, in every such case, such person shall pay the cods and charges of such weighing, measuring, gauging, and numbering; and the said costs and charges, and penalty, upon refusal of payment thereof, on detpand, shall and may be recovered in the same manner as the rates and duties hereby granted are appointed to be recovered; but if such goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities, shall appear to be of no greater quantity or weight, or of no other quality, than shall have been specitkd in such account, then such collector shall pay such costs and charges; and shall also pay to such person, or to the owner or owners of such goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities, two shillings and six pence for every hour that such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, shall be detained upon account of such weighing, measuring, gauging, or numbering, and so in proportion for any greater or letter time than one hour; and in default of immediate payment thereof, the same shall be levied by distress and saie of the goods and chattles of such collector, by warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace of either of the counties of Hertford\ Effete or Midiltftx\ rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners thereof, after the said payment and charges of such distress and sale shall be deduced.

Monie? to be

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all sums of money raifcit vetted to be raised or paid by virtue of this act shall be, and they are in the tru- hereby, vetted in the said trustees, and shall be applied, in the

ftccSi first place, in discharging the expences incurred in, and in re-

lation to, the obtaining this act; and afterwards, in paying the several annual paymenrs herein before directed to be made, and in performing the several contracts and agreements entered into by the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, in pursuance thereof; and for improving, completing, and maintaining, the said navigation, and carrying this act, and the several pronfions, powers, and authorities, herein contained, intoeffedhial execution, and to no other uf$ or purpose whatsoever.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. 571

LXXXVI. And in order to ratft a sufficient Jim of money for the Trustees may 'speedy execution of this act* be it further enacted, That it shall and borrow m{J' may be lawful for the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, ncy# from time to time, to alsign over the rates and duties arising by virtue of this act, and also any sum or sums of money by this act made payable to, or veiled in, the said trustees, or any part Or parts thereof; the costs and charges of alligning the same to be paid out of such rates and duties, or sum or sums of moi.jy, as a security for any sum or sums of money to be borrowed, with interest for the same, to such person or persons as shall advance the same, or their trustee or trustees: and all and every person and persons to whom the said trustees, or any seven or more of 'them, shall, at any time or times, make such assignment or assignments, shall De equally inti tied to their proportion of the said rates and duties, or sum or sums of money, according to the respective sums in such assignments mentioned to be advanced, to secure the repayment thereof, with interest as aforesaid, without any preference by reason of priority of assignment* or on any other account whatsoever; and the money so borrow- Application ed shall be applied in such manner as the said rates and duties,hc ^ncy and sum and sums of money are herein before directed to be ap- orrow plied, and to no other use or purpose; and an entry or memorial of every such assignment, containing the date, names of the parties, and sums of money, shall be made in a book or books to be kept for that purpose by the clerk or clerks, treasurer or treasurers, to the said trustees; which said book or books, shall and may be perused at all seasonable times by all persons whom* soever without fee or reward; and all and every person or persons, to whom any such assignment or adignments shall be made as aforesaid, or wno shall be intitled to the money thereby secured, may, firom time to time, assign or transfer his, her, or their right, title, interest, or benefit, to the principal and interest thereby secured, or any part or parts thereof, to any person or persons whomsoever; which said transfer or assignment, shall be produced and notified to the clerk or clerks, treasurer or treasurers, who shall cause an entry or memorial to be made of such assignment or transfer, containing the date, names of the parties, and the sums of money therein transferred, in the said book or books to be kept for the entering the said original assignments, for which the said clerk or clerks, treasurer or treasurers,

shall be paid such sums as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall appoint, not exceeding the sum of two shillings and six pence; and such entry being made, but not till then, every such assignment shall intitle such assignee, his, her, or their executors, administrators, and assigns, to the benefit thereof and payment thereon; and such assignees may in like manner assign again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who shall have made such 'assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any monies thereby secured, or any part thereof.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the find trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall also think it pro- mnnuiuCi for

per lives.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. [1766.

per and adviseable to raise money, for the more speedy execu, tien of this act, upon the rates and duties, or sum or sums aforesaid, by way of annuities for lives, it shall and may be lawful for the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, so to do; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to contribute, advance, and pay, into the hands of the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or such person or persons as they, or any seven or more of them, shall, by any writing under their hands and Teals, authorize to receive the same, for the uses before mentioned, any sum or sums of money, for the absolute purchase of one or more annuity or annuities, to be paid and payable during the full term of the natural life of every contributor, or the natural life of any person who shall be nominated by or on behalf of such contributor, at the time of payment of their respective contribution-monies; which annuity or annuities shall nor exceed the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, and so in proportion for any greater or letter sum to be advanced and paid as aforesaid: all which said annuity or annuities, so to be purchased as aforesaid shall be payable and paid by the said trustees, or any five or more of them, in such place as they, or any seven or more of them, shall, for that purpose, appoint, at or upon the four most usual feasts or days of payment in the year, by even and equal portions; the first payment to begin and be made to the respective purchasers, or their assigns, at or on such of the feasts j aforesaid as shall first happen next after the payment of the respective monies.

Purchasers LXXX

VIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be I

entered^na Provided bY the said trustees, or any five or more of them, and j book, m kept in such place as they the said trustees, or any five or more |9of them, shall appoint, a book or books, in which shall be fair-

ly written in words at length the names and surnames, with the proper additions and places of abode of all such persons as shall be purchasers of any of the annuities aforesaid, and of all persons by whose hands the said purchasers shall pay in any and the sums sum or sums of money upon the credit of this act; and a!so the paid by them, furn and fUmS so paid for the purchase of such annuities, andc# the respective days of payment thereof; to which book and books it shall and may be lawful for the respective purchasers, and their assigns, from time to time, and at all seasonable N times, to have recourse, and inspect the same without fee or reward.

Contributors

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every to be intituled the annuities, so to be purchased by virtue of this act, shall fo/hfo1116* be> anc* are herebY declared to be, charged upon the rates and duties, or sum or sums of money, herein before mentioned, subject to such assignments as aforesaid, and shall be paid and payable, from time to time, out of the supply of the monies arising by the same, after payment of the interest of the several sums of money to be borrowed at interest upon the credit of the rates and duties as aforesaid; and all and every

the

573

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51.'

>he contributor and contributors upon the credit of this act, or such person or persons as he or they shall appoint) and his and their respective assigns, shall be intitled, by virtue of this act, to have, receive, and enjoy, the respective annuity or annuities, so to be purchased as aforesaid, during the term of the natural life of the person to be nominated by each such puchaser and contributor as before mentioned; and that all and every such purchaser and purchasers, and their assigns respectively, shall have good, lure, absolute, and indefeasible estates and interests in the annuities so by them respectively to be purchased, according to the tenor and true meaning of this act; and that none of the said annuities shall be subject or liable to the taxes charged upon lands by authority of parliament*

XC. And be it further enacted, That every contributor up- Contributors on this act, for the purchase of any such annuity or annuities to.have re-as aforesaid, his, her, or their assigns, upon payment of the orde^for consideration or purchase-money for the lame, or any part or payment, proportion thereof, into the hands of the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, or to such person or persons as they, or any seven or more of them, shall, for that purpose, appoint, shall have one or more receipt or receipts, importing the receipt of fuchpurchase-money as shall be so paid; and upon payment of all thepur-ebafe-money for any such annuity or annuities, at the rate aforesaid, every such contributor, his, her, or their assigns respectively, shall have an order on parchment or vellum (which may be made without (lamps thereon) for payment of the said an* nuity or annuities, for and during the natural life of such person as shall be so nominated as aforesaid} which order shall be signed by the said trustees, or any seven or more of them; and after the signing thereof, the same shall, by virtue of this act, be firm, good, valid, and effectual, in law, according to the import and true meaning thereof, and of this act.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Annuities lawful to and for the purchaser or purchasers of any such an- nuity or annuities as aforesaid, and his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, at any time or times, by writing under his, her, or their hands and seals (without any (lamps thereupon) to assign such annuity or annuities, or any part thereor, or interest therein, to any person or persons whomsoever, and so toties quoties; and a memorandum or entry of all Memorandum such assignments shall be made in a book, which is required to1 be made be kept for that purpose in such place where the said trustees, 0rthcreot*any five or more of them, shall appoint, for which entry or memorandum the sum of two shillings and six pence shall be paid, and no more; and such book may, at all seasonable times, be inspected by any person or persons interested therein.

XCII. Provided always, That no such alignment shall beotberwife in-deemed good or effectual, until such entry or memorandum effisctual.

shall be made in such book as aforesaid; and all such annuitants, and their respective assigns, shall be creditors in equal degree, without preference in respect of the priority of his, her, or their, advancing the money on their respective (ecurities.

Vol. XXVII. Pp XCIII.An*

574

Annuitants remedy for arrears

Bridges to cr cited.

Tunnels to be laid.

Anno septimo Georgii III. o 51.' [1766.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the said rates and4 duties, and sum and sums of money, shall be chargeable with and for the payment of all and every such annuity or annuities,

' and all arrears thereof, from time to time, subject and in manner aforesaid; and shall, upon default of payment of any such annuity, or any part thereof, within the space of thirty days next alter any of the times when the same (halt be maoe payable, vest in the annuitant or annuitants, or such person or persons to whom the same shall be assigned as aforesaid, subject as aforesaid, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with interest, and the cods and charges occasioned by the non-payment of the same 5 and that the (kid annuitant or annuitants, or such person or persons to whom the same shall be assigned as aforesaid, in case the said annuities shall be in arrear and unpaid by the space of sixty days as aforesaid, and until, full payment thereof, with the interest and charges as aforesaid, shall have the same powers and authorities for demanding, collecting, and recovering, the said rates and duties, and receiving the said sum and sums of money, as are by this act granted to the said trustees, their collectors, or receivers, or any of them, subject nevertheless as aforesaid.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall cause to be made, set up, and, from time to time, maintained and kept in repair, convenient, and substantial gates, bridges, passages, and stiles, in and over all the ditches and fences in the towing-paths, to be used for the purposes of this act, where the same shall respectively be necessary; and also such bridges over the new cuts, trenches, and passages, as shall be proper for the use of the occupiers of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, thereunto adjoining; and also that if the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall think proper to cause the said river to be deepened in any part or parts, so as to render any usual and common fords and highways impassable or dangerous; in every such case the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall first cause a sufficient bridge or bridges to be erected, or such other conveniencies to be made as the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall judge proper, where such fords or highways now are, or as near thereto as conveniently may be; and shall, from time to time, maintain and keep the said bridges or conveniencies in repair for the accommodation of all persons having occasion to passover the same; and also, if the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall find it necessary to raise any banks upon the (ides of the said river for towing-paths, or otherwise, whereby the waters may be prevented from going off, or overflowing the adjacent lands; the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall first cause sufficient tunnels to be laid through such banks so to, be raised at proper places for draining or overflowing the same, and shall, from time to time, keep such banks and tunnels in repair.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That (he (ieerfinao, or

other

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51; 575

\ther person, having the care, charge, or management, of any Steersman to boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, which shall pass upon lhe damans^said river, cuts, or canals, shall be answerable and shall make aam satisfaction for any damage, spoil, or other mifehirf that shall be done by any such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, or by any person or persons belonging to, or employed in or about the same respectively, or by the horses or servants used or employed in haling or towing the same, or by loading qr unloading any boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, unto any of th& bridges, locks, (launches, dams, (luices, cuts, banks, or other works, that now are or shall be erected and maintained, in, upon, or near the said river or dreams, or cuts or canals; and also for any trespass or damage that shall or may be done to any mills, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any crop on the ground adjoining or lying near to the said river or dreams, or cuts or canals; and it any such damage, spoil, or mischief shall be done, the same dull be enquirea into and determined by any judice of the peace for the county or place where such damage, spoil, or mischief shall be done, or the said deerfman or other person shall dwell or be j who is hereby authorized and required, upon complaint or information made before him, to summon the deerfman or other person having the care, charge or management, of such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, to appear before him5 and upon his, her, or their appearance, or making default to appear (proof being made upon oath before such judice, that the party neglecting to appear was personally served with such summons, or that the same was left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual place of abode, or at the usual place of abode of the owner or owners of such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel) such judice shall proceed to examine into the truth of the said complaint or information 5 and upon conviction of the party complained of, by proof upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, shall award and order such sum of money to be paid by such deerfman, or other person having the care, charge, or management as aforesaid, as a recompence for such damage, spoil, or mifehies, as the said judice shall think proper5 and in default of immediate payment thereof, or security being given for the payment thereof to the satisfaction of the said judice, it shall and may be lawful to and for such judice to commit such deerfman, or other person having the care, charge, or management as aforesaid, to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, for any time not exceeding two months, or until such recompence shall be paid.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person be- Pwddesion ing the deerfman, or having the care, charge, or management of any boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, or navigating orpassageof working the same, shall lay such boater vessel so as to obdruCl boats, or be-the passage of other boats or vessels, and shall not upon requed big absent immediately remove the same, or shall hinder the opening orroni bolt-(hutting of any of the said locks, cisterns, or (luices, or mall

Pp 2 bt

Boats (talc to be weighed

The owner's and fteerf-snan's names to be mentioned on the vefiei*

Penalty on person* opening lock*, &cc.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51. [1766.

be absent, unless by reason of some inevitable accident, from' the boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, to which he belong*, at any time during the conrfe of the passage of such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, on the said river, or cuts or canals; every person so offending as aforesaid shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty shillings.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That if any boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, shall happen to be sunk in the said river, or cuts or canals, and the owner or person having the care thereof, shall not without loss of time weigh or draw up and haul the same out of the way of other vessels passing upon the hid navigation, it shall be lawful for any agent or servant of the find trustees, to cause such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, to be weighed or drawn Up, and to detain and keep the some until payment-Shall be made of all expences occasioned thereby; and if payment be not made in four days, such agent or servant (half cause sale to be made thereof for reimbursing the said expences, or other incident charges, returning the overplus (if any be) to such owner or person.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That the owner or owners of every boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, having goods on board, passing upon the said river, or cuts, or canals, or any of them, or any part thereof, shall cause his, her, or their name or names, and also the name of the fteerfinan, or other person having the care or charge of every such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, and their respective places of abode, to be placed and set at full length in large capital letters and figures four inches long, and broad in proportion, on the upper part of the bow on both (ides of every such boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, and painted white, so that the some Hull from time to time, and at all times, be plain and legible; and in case any such owner or owners shall not at all times have his, her, or their name or names, and also the name of the fteerf-man, or such other person or aforesaid, and their respective places of abode, so set or placed as aforesaid; or of any person or persons, having the care or charge of any boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, passing; upon the said river, or cuts or canals, into or through any or the sluices, locks, or citterns, shall wilfully or negligently set or leave open any of the gates, doors, doughs, or (lakers, belonging to any such sluice, lock, or cittern, whereby the water shall run warn to the hindrance or detriment of the said navigation, or of any mill or lands; then, and, in every such case, every such owner or person so neglecting or offending, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall maliciously open, or cause to be opened, any locks or doughs belonging to the said navigation; or shall leave any of the doughs running, after any boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, shall have passed any lock belonging to the said navigation; or

shall

S77

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51.

Nhall draw, or cause to be drawn, any dough in the lock-gates on such navigation, so as to mif-spend or waste the water, to the prejudice of the said navigation, or of any mills or lands; every such person, for every such offence, shall forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding five pounds.

C. And be it further enacted, That the said trustees, or any Commission-seven or more of them, shall, from time to time, have full power and authority to make bye-laws, orders, and constitu- y w*' c* tiens, for the good and orderly using of the said navigation, for settling the wages, and for the well-governing of the bargemen, watermen, and boatmen, who shall convey or carry any goods, wares, or merchandizes, on any part thereof; and from time to time, to alter or repeal the lame; and to impose such reasonable fines and forfeitures upon all persons offending arainff such bye-laws, orders, or- confiitutions, as they the said trustees, or any seven or more of them shall think fit j such fines and forfeitures to be levied by such ways and means as the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall direct, so as no such fine shall exceed the sum of five pounds upon any person for one offence; which said bye-laws, orders, and confiitutions, being put into writing under the hands and seals of the said trustees, or any seven or more of them, shall be binding to, and be observed by, all parties, and shall be sufficient in any court of law or equity to justify all persons who shall act under the lame, or in levying any penalty or forfeiture thereby incurred but any person or persons thinking himself, herself, or them- Person* a; -selyes, aggrieved by any order or judgement made or given in grieved ma? pursuance of any such bye-law, order, or confiitution, may,ppe*» within six months after such order or judgement shall be made 2"^" "r* or given, complain to thejufiices of the peace at their general'. or quarter sessions to be held for either of the said counties of Hertford) Essex, or Middlesex, who shall, in a summary way, either hear and determine the said complaint at such general quarter session, or, if they think proper, may adjourn the hearing thereof to the next general or quarter session of the peace to be held for the said county; and, if they fee cause, may mitigate or alter such forfeiture, and may order any money to be returned which shall have been paid or levied in pursuance of such bye-law, order, or confiitution, and may also order such further satisfaction to be made, and give such costs to the party injured, as they shall judge reasonable.

Cl. And be it farther enacted, That the pecuniary fines, Penaltie* and penalties, and forfeitures, hereby inflicted, or authorized to be forfeiture* imposed, the recovery whereof is not herein before direct ed, n'

shall be recovered by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by a warrant or warrants under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of any justice or justices of the peace for any of the said counties of Hertford., Essex, or and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, it shall be lawful for any such justice or justices to commit such offender or offenders to the cojnmon gam or house of correction the county, there to

JP P 3 remain.

General appeal to the

Suarter fef-ons.

Penalty on giving false evidence.

Penalty on persons deft roving the works.

Navigation to be exempted from taxes.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51[17

remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding* three months, or until the said fines, penalties, or forfeitures, shall be paid; and that all such fines, penalties, or forfeitures, or any part or parts thereof, which are not herein before applied, shall be paid into the hands of the treasurer or treasurers to the said tTuftees, and applied for the purposes of this act.

CII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by the order or judgement of any justice or justices of the peace, upon account of any offence committed or supposed to be committed against this act, may appeal to the justices of the peace for either of the said counties where the offence was committed, or supposed to be committed at any general quarter sessions of the peace to be held within the space of six calendar months after such cause of appeal shall happen; the person or persons so appealing first giving security, to the satisfadhon of the said justice or justices, to prosecute such appeal with eflfedt, and to pay the costs which shall be ascertained by the said general quarter sessions, in case such order of judgement shall be affirmed; and the justices, at such general or quarter sessions, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine such appeal, and to make such orders therein, and to award costs, as to them shall appear just; which order shall be final and conclusive to all parties, and shall not be removed or removeable by any writ of Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of his Majesty's courts of record, at WestminRer^ or elsewhere; and that no order or proceeding to be had by or before any justice or justices of the peace relating to the execution of this act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of form only.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person or persons who, in any examination to be taken by virtue of this ashall give false evidence before the said trustees, or any of them, or before any justice or justices of the peace, shall and may be prosecuted for the same; and, upon conviction thereof, shall be subject to all the pains and penalties which persons are or may be subject to by th? laws of this kingdom for wilful and corrupt perjury,

CIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall wilfully and maliciously cut, break down, damage, or destroy, any banks or other works erected or made, or to be erected or made, for the purposeis of the said navigation5 such person or persons shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be subject and liable to the like pains and penalties as in other cases of felony; and the court by and before whom such person or persons shall be tried, shall have full powernd authority to transport such felon or felons for seven years, to fudi place and in such manner as. other felons are directed to be transported by the laws and Statutes of this realm.

CV. And be it further enacted, That the said rates and duties shall at all times here&fter be exempted from the payment of any taxes, rates, assessments, or impositions whatsoever; any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

gVL A*f

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51:

CVI. And be it further enacted, That all orders and pm- Proceedings ceedings of the said trustees shall be entered in a book or books [°|^£gCrei* to be kept for that purpose; and such orders and proceedings, In 00 i# when entered, shall be signed by the said trustees, or any five or more of them; and the clerk or clerks attending the said trustees is and are hereby required to set his or their name or names as a witness or witnesses thereto; and the said orders and proceedings, so signed and attested, shall be deemed and taken to be originals, and shall be admitted as evidence in all courts whatsoever; and such book or books shall be seen and perused at all seasonable times; and copies thereof, or any part thereof, may be taken by any person or persons whomsoever, paying to the said clerk or clerks six pence for every one hundred words.

CVII. Provided always, That no warrant, mortgage, assignment, transfer, or any other writing whatsoever, in pursuance fol^1£|>0, t of, or relating to, the execution of any of the powers of this act, shall be subject to any (lamp duty whatsoever.

CVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Pleasure-boats shall and may be lawful for the owners and occupiers of any* ux* lands or tenements adjoining to the said river or dreams, or c* cuts or canals, or any of them, to use any pleasure- boat or boats upon the same, without the hindrance or interruption of the said trustees, or any of them, and without paying any of the rates and duties aforesaid/; so as such pleasure-boat or boats is or are not used for carrying goods, wares, or merchandizes, and so as such pleasure-boat do not pass through any of the places for the passing whereof any rates and duties are herein before directed to be paid; and that the lord or lords of the Lords of ma-respective manors, or any other persons whomsoever, shall have non may fist, full liberty to fish, fowl, and exercise all other royalties on the £owl, ^ai said river and navigable passages to which they are now legally eretoforc* intitled; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; so that the exercise of such rights and royalties shall not interfere with or interrupt the execution of this act, or the free use of the said navigation.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That if any workman, or Perfom navi, other person or persons, navigating or working, or being on board any boat, barge, lighter, or other vessel, within the limits Jjj2L ntt*!' of the said navigation (not being duly qualified by the several $cc. not being laws and Statutes relating to game) shall carry with him or qualified, to them, or have on board any boat, barge, lighter, or other forfeit aos. vessel, any fishing-net, gun, engine, or other instrument, with an intention to take, kill, or destroy, the fish or game in or upon the said river or dreams, or cuts or canals, or any of the lands adjacent thereto; such person or persons being thereof lawfully con-vided by his own confession, or upon the oath of one or more credible witnfefs or witnesses, before one or more justice or justices of the peace in and for either of the said counties of Hert-ford, EJfix, and Afiddlifex* shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings, over and above the penalties fu(h person or persons may be Otherwise fobjed to by the

F P

5*0

For punching persons throwing bal-la#, Sec. into the fiver.

Lords of manors or land owners may bpild ware-tiouses, Sec.

Saving of rights of the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of £4ndoa.

Warrants executed bycon-tsbl^f, See.

>Vnno septimo Georg11IIL c. 51. f 1766.-

acts for the preservation of game and fish; to be levied by distrest* and sale of the offender's goods and chattles, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice or justices; one moiety of which forfeiture shall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish or place where such offender shall be convicted; and for want of sufficient distress, the of* fender shall, by like warrant of such justice or justices, be committed to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard la* bour for any time not exceeding one month, nor less than ten days.

CX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall wilfully throw any ballast, gravel, (tones, rubbifn, or dirt, into any part of the said river, or cuts or canals tried or intended to be used for navigation, with intent to prejudice the same; every person so offending, and being convicted thereof before any justice of the peace for either of the said counties of Hertford, Essex^ or Middlesex^ upon the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, shall, by warrant of the said justice, be sent to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for such time as such justice of the peace shall direct, not exceeding three months.

CXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to obstruct or hinder the lord or lords of the manor or manors, or the owner or owners of any lands or grounds lying upon or near the banks of the said river, or of any lands or grounds through which the said cuts shall be made, from making or erecting any warehouses, weigh-beams, cranes, quays, landing-places, or wharfs, upon the banks of the said river or cuts, in and upon their own lands, wastes, or grounds, so that the erecting or uling such warehouses, cranes, or wharfs, do not obstruct or prejudice the said navigation, or any of the powers given by this act.

CXII. Saving and reserving at all times hereafter unto the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of London, all their rights and privileges which by any law, usage, or eftftom, they have at any time heretofore held, had, or enjoyed, or now hold, have, or enjoy, in or upon the said river, or any part thereof, except their jurisdiction by virtue of the said recited act of the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeths and also faring and reserving at all times hereafter unto all persons whatsoever their Several just rights and privileges, which by law they have at any time heretofore had, held, or enjoyed, or now hold, have, or enjoy, in, over, or upon the said river £//, or any part thereof, so as the same are not repugnant to any powers granted for the execution of this act.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every warrant or warrants, that shall and may be granted by any person or persons enabled or impowered to grant the same unoer or by virtue of this act, shall and may be directed to the eonftahfe, headborough, or other peace officer of the county, liberty, or place, wherein the offendpf or offenders shall live, reside, mba-

V..... i*t

5*«

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 51.

' bit, or be; which constable, head borough, or other officer, is hereby authorized and reauired to execute rite same.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any distress Distref* not to shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied, by be deemed virtue of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlaw-fill, nor the part^r or parties making the same be deemed a tref- 1

pafler or trespassers on account of any defect or for want of form in the summons, conviction, warrant of distress, or other proceeding thereon; nor shall the party or parties distraining be nor theparty deemed a trespasser or trespassers on account of any irregularity distraining be which shall be afterwards committed by the party or parties di(- ^"P*1* training, but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity Shall and may recover full satisfaction for the spedal damage in ^an action upon the case.

CXV. Provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall Plaintiff not recover in any action for any such irregularity as aforesaid, if |° ^C0T^-^tender of amends hath been made by or in behalf of the party /"nd^haih distraining before such action brought. been made.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any action, suit,

or information, shall be brought or commenced against any jjffcon*. person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, every such action, suit, or information shall be commenced within six months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the counties of, EJfext

or Middlesex) and not elsewhere; and the person or persons (6 sued or prosecuted may plead the General Issue, and give this General Tflii* aft, and the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any action, suit, or information, shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action, suit, or information, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if, inany such action, suit, or information, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have double costs, and shall have such remedy Double costs. for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in other cases by law.

[Publick act.]

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a publick a ft; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. Ln.

An act for erecting a proper and convenient pier at the port of Saint lees in the county of Cornwall, for the better protection of ihipe and vesselt retorting to the said port.

[Preamble.]

Trusteet. Pirft meeting of trustees. Trustee* to remove obstructions. Trustee* to agree with workmen for building a pier at the harbour of St. Ives. Trujtep* may purchase building*, c. Bodies poll*

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 53.' [1766.

[Proviso.]

tick, ftc.may contraQ foe the Tale of land*. Feoffees, -tec. indemnified/ The damage and recommence to be settled by a pry. Sheriff may impanel a jury. Juries may be challenged. Complaint to be made within j months. Docks, &c. vetted in trustees j who may lease out the same for ai years. And shall settle the demands to be taken for wharfs, &c. by their tenants and lessees. Lessees demanding more how to be punished. No per-foashall empty any ballad, Sec. in the said port and harbour, on pain of forfeiting 40 s. to be levied by distress and sale. Trustees may direct the mooring and bailatting of ships. Penalty on refusing to obey. Rates and duties. Bauet's Cove exempted from duties. No ships to be cleared till duties paid. King's ships exempt. No rate to be collected till aooool. are subscribed. If the pier, Sec. is not completed in 3 years, rates to cease. Power of distress for nonpayment of rates. Persons eluding payment, to continue chargeable. Persons obstructing the measuring of ships, to be fined. Collectors to enter into and measure ships. How the duties of tonage shall be ascertained. Trustees may borrow money. Alignments transferable.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General Issue.]

Money may be raised by annuities at 81.10s. percent. Annuities where payable. Names of purchasers of annuities to be entered in a book, &c. and the purchase money. Books to be inspected gratis. Method of ascertaining whether annuitants are alive. Annuities charged upon the duties. Annuities to be free from taxes. Purchaser to have a receipt, and an order for payment. Sum to be specified in the order. Annuities assignable. Entry to be made of all assignments. Annuitants to enter on them on default of payment. Notice to be given of borrowing money. Application of the money. Trustees to appoint proper officers, and to displace them. Trustees to take security from collettora, &c. Proceedings, See. to be entered in a book. Books may be peruljrd, and to be examined by the juttkes at their quarter sessions. On justices certificate that all charges are reimbursed, dunes to cease. Writings to be without damps. No truttee to have a place of profit. Trustees to defray their own expences. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. For want of distress, offender to be committed. PerfQps aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Distress to be kept days, and may be redeemed within that timt Limitation of actions.

CAP. LIII.

An act for draining and preferring certain fen lands and low grounds lying in the south level, part of the great level of the fens commonly called Bedford Level, and in the county of Cambridge, between the river Cam, otherwise Grant, west, and the hard-lands of Bottisham, Swaffham-Bulbeck, and Swaffham-prior, east; and for impowering the governor. Bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain fen lands lying within the limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands.

[Preamble.]

[Proviso.]

Commissioners. First of Penalty on commissioners acting not qualified. Two meetings to be held in a year. Allowance to of Powers of draining. Satisfaction to be made for damages. Navigations not to be changed. Commissionera may appoint officers. Different taxes on lands of different value. Tax for the fire s years. Gradual tax afterwards. Certain tax to be paid till debt reduced. Appointment of furvevors to class lands. Form of the oatfi. Exemption of nigh lands. Part of poor's commons to "be taken in lieu of tax. Power of levying taxes. Inforcing payment of taxes. For leving taxes on untenacted premisses. For fi*le of lands for taxes. Forgiving notice to owners of lands to be sold. Notice of sale. Power to borrow money. Security. Securities transferrable. Penalty on persons destroying banks, Sec. Restraining the erecting of engines for throwing water into Reach Old of Bunyell pr Wicken feqs. Commissioners to make and keep up a partition bank on the south-west side of Reach Old Load. To prevent carting on banks, Sec. Owners to scour ditches. For inspecting accounts. For destroying moles. For destroying plantations near mills. For making #aqncljef. Allpwing mills with cornet of copimifliqner*, Jo lipiit ffaf djgg*

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 54. 583

ing of turf. Tolls on navigation on the loads. Certain goods liable to half toll. Tolls may be leiTenea. For setting up (launches. Toll on river hank*

Commissioners to compound. To let tolls. Appointing fen reeves. Power of fen reeves. Fen reeves to account. Preserving rights of the corpora-'tien of Bedford Level. Acts for Bedford Level recited. For felling in vetted lands. Not to discharge invetted lands from taxes after sale, Justicet may adrainifter oaths. Limitation of actions. General {Hue. Treble costs* fublick Act.

CAP. LIV.

/in act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund, and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty [even j and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament, for carrying to the aggregate fund a sum of money which bath arisen by the two seventh excise; for impowering his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, to permit the importation of any sort of corn or grain, dutyfree into this kingdom, for a longer time than is permitted by any act of this session of parliament, and for obviating doubts in relation to the meeting of of for putting in execution an act of this session, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax.

M^oll gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons

tf Great Britain in parliament qffembkd', towards raising the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That by or out of such monies as shall from, oio, vtiL time to time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of ios. 3d.q. the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after fa^fortke paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sums of money service of the as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament current yearj to be paid out of the same, there shall and may be issued and applied, for and towards making good the supply granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, a sum not exceeding two millions ten thousand one hundred twenty one pounds, ten shillings, and three pence halfpenny j and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now tobeiffuedbf or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the hightbc treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and accor<"W empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And if is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Treafoiy up-

ippqweitjrtq

5^4

raise the said sum, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund)

and to strike tallies of loan, with orders for repayment of the money so advanced the interest thereof to be paid quarterly < Orders to be registered in course.

No undue preference to be given in payment,

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 54. f 1766,

in case the said of of his Majesty's treasury now or^for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall think it adviseable to raise the said sum of two millions ten thousand one hundred twenty one pounds, ten shillings, and three pence halfpenny, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, in manner herein alter* mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, any sum or sums of money not exceeding the said sum of two millions ten thousand one hundred twenty one pounds, ten shillings, and three pence halfpenny, upon the credit of the said surplusses, excesses, and overplus monies, or other revenues composing the sinking fund, and to have and receive interest for the forbearance of the money lent; so as such loans be allowed to be made by the said of of the treasury, or any three or more of them now or for the time being, or the high treasurer for the time being, who are or is hereby authorized to issue his or their warrants for that purpose, as such loans shall be wanted for the publick service; and moreover, that no money to be lent upon the security of this act shall be rated or assessed to any tax or assessment whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every person or persons who shall lend any money upon the credit qt this act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the receipt of the exchequer, shall immediately have a tally of loan (truck for the same, and an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the (ante date with his, her, or their tally; in or upon which order shall be also contained a warrant for payment of interest for the forbetf-ance thereof, and to be paid every three months, until the repayment of the principal; and all such orders for repayment of money so to be lent, shall be registered in course, according to the dates respectively; and that all and every person and persons shall be paid in course, according as their orders shall stand registered in the said register books, so as the person or persons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders first entered in the said books of register, shall be taken and accounted to be the first person or persons to be paid out of the said surplusses, excesses, and overplus monies, or other revenues; and he, (lie, or they, who shall have his, her, or their order or orders next entereu, shall be taken and accounted to be the second person to be paid, and so successively and in course; and that the monies to come in, of, or for the said surplusses, excesses, and overplus monies, or other revenues composing the sinking fund as aforesaid, shall be in the same order liable to the fat isfadion of the said respective persons, and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors* administrators, successors, or assigns respectivety, without any undue preference of one before another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever (other

(haq

b

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 54. $85

# than such uses and purposes as are appointed by any other act or acts of parliament in that behalf as aforesaid) and that no fee, nor fee tobe reward, or gratuity, directly or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken $ taken of any of his Majesty's subjects, for providing or making of any such books or registers, or any entries, views, or searches, in or for payment of money lent, or the interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party on forfeiture grieved/by the party offending, with full costs of suit 5 or if the of tr*hle da-officer himself take or demand any such fee or reward, then to lose his place also: and if any undue preference of one before penalty of un-another shall be made, either in point of registry or payment, due prefer-contrary to the true meaning of this act, by any such officer or ence in point officers; then the party offending shall be liable, by action of ofregitoy or debt, or on the case, to pay the value of the debt, with full paymcn*costs of suit, to the party grieyed, and shall be forejudged of his place or office; and if any such preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his master, then such deputy or clerk only shall be liable to such action, debt, damages, and costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his office or place: and in case the auditor of the receipt shall not direct the said orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment upon such orders, according to each person's due place and order as before directed; then he or they mall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective deputies and clerks therein offending, to be liable to such action, debt, damages, and costs, in such manner as aforesaid; all which laid penalties, forfeitures, damages, and costs, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, shall and may be recovered by action ot debt, bill, plaint, or in- to be recover-formation, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Wesimin- ed in any ot fter\ therein no essoin, protodion, privilege, wager of law, in- the courts of junction, or order of restraint, shall be in any wise granted or wdtmffifter allowed.

IV. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall hap- No undue pre-

pen that several tallies of loan or orders for payment as aforesaid, ference, which bear date, or be brought the same day to the auditor of the re- of the taffies ceipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue pre- bought the ference which of those be entered first, so as he enters them all same day, are the same day. entered first;

V. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue preference, to incur any penalty in point of payment, it theau- nor if subse-ditor direct, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do quest orders pay subsequent orders, to persons that come and demand theirrc Pai£ bc* monies, and bring their orders, before other persons that did ^brought in not come and take their monies, and bring their orders in course, course;

so as there be so much money reserved as will satisfy precedent so as mogey orders, which shall not be other wise disposed of, but kept for preferred for them; interest upon loan being to cease from the time the money ^j*1*11* Is so reserved and kept in bank for them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons

586 Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 54. [1766.

Powerjof af- persons to whom any money shall be due for loans to be re-signment.and giftered by virtue of this act, after order entered in the bocik of transferrinffof rc6l^cr as aforesaid, his, her, or their executors, administrators, orders.*or assigns, by proper words of assignment to be indorsed and written upon his, her, or their order, may assign and transfer his, her, or their right, title, interest, and benefit of such order,

to any other; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforesaid, and an entiy or memorial thereof also made in the book of register aforesaid for orders (which the officers shall, upon request, without fee or charge, accordingly make) shall intitle such assignee, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and such assignee may in like manner assign again, and so toties quoting and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons, who hath or have made such assignment, to make.void, release, or discharge the same, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

VII. And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain sum, not to exceed in the whole the said sum of two millions ten thousand one hundred twenty one pounds ten shillings, and three pence halfpenny, to be raised either by such loans as aforesaid, or by issuing exchequer bills as is herein after-mentioned, or by both or either of those ways or means, for the publick service; be it further enacted If it shall be by the authority aforesaid, That in case the of of his judged more Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them now or for the adviifeable, the time being, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall judge.jaifc'tSefidi lt more adviseable to raise the said sum of two millions ten thou-sum by ex- (and one hundred twenty one pounds, ten shillings, and three chequer bills, pence halfpenny, or any part thereof, by exchequer bills, in-lhm!* (kad ^uch l°ans as aforesaid; that then ne or they respectively is or are hereby authorized and impowered, at any time or times, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the exchequer, any number of new exchequer bills, for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the said sum of two millions ten thousand one hundred twenty one pounds, ten shillings, and three pence halfpenny, together with such loans aforesaid^ in the same or like manner, form, or order, and according to the same or like rules and directions, as in and by a certain act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malty mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty ftven, are enacted and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of the said act.

All ad van-

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tages and p*» That all and every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, ad-11 Xf* vantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in the Sii session re- last mentioned act, relating to the loans or exchequer bills feting (o loans authorized to be made by the same ad (except such clauses as do or exchequer charge the same on the taxes granted by the same ad, and exbills thereby CCpt such clauses as limit the rate of interest to be paid for the ^emadeforth forbcarance of money lent on the credit of the said act) shall be

«r tended f' »PP, ied

tbkaA

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 54? $87

Applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be paid in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had befen particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all The said ex-

the exchequer bills, which shall be made in pursuance of this chequer bills, act, and the interest, premium, rate, and charges incident to, or

attending, the same, shall be and are hereby charged and charge- to bepaid oat able upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of, the of the unking growing produce of the said surplusses, excesses, and overplus fund, monies, or other revenues composing the sinking fund (except

such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any former or other act or acts of parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and discharging such exchequer bills, intered, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

X. And be it declared and further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Ma-^jedy in like manner at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the*credit of loan granted by this act, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two millions ten thousand one hundred twenty one pounds, ten shillings, and three

pence halfpenny; any thing in an act made in the fifth and sixth notwfthstand-years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, tng aft <Jc 6 An act for granting to their Majesties several rates and duties upon ScMmsj, tonnage of ships and vessels, and upon beer, ale^ and other liquors; for securing certain recompenses and advantages in the said act mentioned to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of one million five hundred theufandpounds towards carrying on the war against France; to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The following

That the sum of four hundred sixty nine thousand one hundred (its* rnrin-forty seven pounds, fourteen shillings, and one halfpenny, re- 1uer for

maining in the receipt of the exchequer, on the fifth day of di?pofi-April one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, for the dif- tkm ofparlia-position of parliament, of the monies which had then arisen of ment; via. the surplusses, excesses, or overplus monies, and other revenues, Q9, farolus*of composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Funi\ and the the sinking sum of thirty five thousand two hundred and two pounds, nine fund; and shillings, and two pence, also remaining in the receipt of the 35»*°*h exchequer, for the disposition of parliament; and also a sum not oo<^ exceeding one hundred and eighty one thousand pounds, of the able°far "mam-monies agreed to be paid by a convention between his Majesty tournee of the

' 5 and

588

Frenchprison

ers}

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. $4. [1766.

and the French King, concluded sjnd signed at Lend* the twenty*' seventh day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, for the maintenance of the late French prisoners of wars also 150, 0001. and also the sum of one hundred and fifty thousand pounds, repanted in the maining in the receipt of the exchequer, which was granted to lift session for his Majesty in the last session of parliament, upon account, for cloatMngof defying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia for the miliuai one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand produce fond seven hundred and sixty six; and also such of the monies as of the duties shall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer after the fifth day onaumSencga Of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and on or and gumAra- before the day of April* one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, of the produce of the duties charged by an act of parliament made in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, upon the importation and exportation of gum Senega and gum Arabic; shall and may be issued and applied at the said receipt, for and towards making good the said supply j and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

XII. And be it further enacted, That a sum not exceeding two hundred sixty one thousand five hundred seventy one pounds, thirteen shillings, and three pence farthing, out of the savings arising upon grants for the pay of several regiments upon respited pay by off-reckonings, and by stoppages made for provisions delivered to the forces in North America* the West Indies* and at Minorca, to the twenty fourth day of December* one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and received of William earl of Chatham* formerly paymaster general of his Majesty's forces, for the balance remaining, over and above the monies found necessary to be applied for defraying the expences of the forces in former years; and also out of the sum of one million granted in the second year of his Majesty's reign, on account, to enable him to defray extraordinary expences of the war, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and to assist the kingdom of Portugal* and for other purposes; be applied towards making good the supply granted to his Majesty, towards mVaordin'ary l*cply*n8 extraordinary expences of his Majesty's land forces, expences1 ©t end other services incurred to the third day of Fel the land forces. Sec. incurredand not provided for}

to be iflfued towards making good the said supply.

*61, 571l. >3^ yd. iq. savings arising upon former grants See. received of the earl of Chatham,

to be applied towards de-

February one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and not provided for by parliament; and the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and impowered to issue and apply the same accoraingly. together with

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the sum of That out of such monies remaining in the hands of Edwari 7d?4lV linn Sainthill Esquire, as were issued to him for the relief and mainte-?n ihe^ands8 nsmce of the widows of officers of the land forces and marines, of E. S sun thill who died in the service, the sum of seven thousand eight hun-£'q» dred forty four pounds, seventeen shillings, and nine pence, be

paid

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 54/ $8£

paid into the hands of the paymaster general of his Majesty's forces, and be also applied towards making good the supply granted to his Majesty towards defraying the extraordinary expences of his Majesty's land forces, and other services incurred to the third day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and not provided for by parliament; and the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 110, 000l. out That a sum not exceeding one hundred and ten thousand of such mo-pounds, out of such monies as shall be paid into the receipt of the p*inio the exchequer after the fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hun- exchequer dred and sixty seven, and on or before the fifth day of April, between 5 one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, of the produce of April, 1767, all or any of the duties and revenues which by any former act or acts of parliament, have been directed to be reserved for the of the Preve-disposition of parliament, towards defraying the necessary ex- nuet reserved pences of defending, proteding, and securing the British co- for the dif-ionics and plantations in America, be applied towards making P0^011 of good such part of the supply as hath been granted to his Ma- towardsThe jesty, for maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrisons in the charge of deplantations, and for provisions for the forces in North America, fending the Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the ceded islands, for the year ^, onl5s 111 one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven 5 and the cotfimif- Ar^nca'..sioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the au- Appropria-thority aforesaid, That all the monies coming into the exche- uon of the quer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one ad of this supplies. session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and grant-^he monies ting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, arising by th* for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty ft- malt tax, ven; and so much money, if any such be, of the duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills, made or to be made on the same ad, and all the

interest, premium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said duties, shall be satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved in the exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same j and also all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other tax, pBt of this session or parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven \ and so much money, if any such be, of the tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the same ad, and all the interest, premium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges allowable thereby for raising the said land tax, shall be satisfied, or money Vot-XXVII. Q^q sufficient

Loans*

Lottery, See.

and other # sums remaining in the exchequer, See. together with the several sums before granted and specified.

with the residue of the monies sitting from the faleot French prizes taken before the declaration of MTJ

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 54; [1766.

sufficient shall be reserved in the exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds granted by one other act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and also all the monies coming into the exchequer by contributions for annuities and a lottery, granted by one other ad of this session of parliament, intituled An act for raising the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities, and a lottery attended with annuities, to be charged dn the Sinking Fund; and also the said sum of four hundred sixty nine thousand one hundred forty seven pounds, fourteen shillings, and one halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer on the fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, for the disposition of parliament, of the monies which had then arisen of the surplusses, excesses, or overplus monies, and other revenues composing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; and also the said sum of thirty five thousand two hundred and two pounds, nine shillings, and two pence, also remaining in the receipt of the exchequer for the disposition of parliament; and also the said sum not exceeding one hundred and eighty one thousand pounds, of the monies agreed to be paid by a convention between his Majesty and the French King, concluded and signed at London the twenty seventh day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, for the maintenance of the late French prisoners of war; and also the said sum of one hundred and fifty thousand pounds, remaining in the receipt of exchequer, which was granted to his Majesty in the last session of parliament, upon account, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of Marche one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and also such of the monies as shall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer after the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and on or before the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, of the produce of the duties charged by an act of parliament made in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, up* On the importation and exportation of gum Senega and gum Arabic; and also the further sum of two millions ten thousand one hundred and twenty one pounds, ten shillings, and three pence halfpenny, by this act granted, out of such monies as shall or may arise of the surplusses, excesses, or overplus monies, and other revenues, composing the fond commonly called the Sinking Fund, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, and shall be iflfued and applied for and towards the several uses and purposes herein after expressed, together with the residue of the monies arising from the sale of French prizes taken before the declaration of the late war, which his Majesty declared in a most gracious speech to his parliament, that he had directed, for the ease of his subjects, to be applied to the publick fejvifCi fu$h sum or sum* of moocj^sWs

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 54.* 591

" Majesty, according to his most gracious intentions expressed in and such sums the same speech, shall direct, for the further ease of his sub-f a*c jedts, to be also applied to the publick service, out of the monies |^ldg in the which have arisen, or shall arise, by the sale of lands belonging ceded islands § to his Majesty in the islands of the West Indies, which were ceded to his Majesty by the late treaty of peace.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted f>y the authority aforesaid, viz. out of That out of all or any the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied the sum of forty J^ooool. to be thousand pounds for the marriage portion of the Queen of Den- applied for mart, one of his Majesty's lifters. the marriage

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore- K>rtl°^of th*

said. That out of all or any the aids or supplies, provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums f^of money not exceeding one million five hundred thirty nine to- thousand three hundred twenty one pounds, four shillings, and wards naval eight pence, for or towards the naval services herein particular- services hers-ly expressed (that is to say) for or towards victuals, wages, wear111 specifie<* and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed

and to be performed, and for or towards sea services in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards defraying the ordinary of his Majesty's navy, and for half pay to sea and marine officers; and for or towards maintaining four thousand two hundred and eighty seven marines; and for or towards the buildings, rebuildings, and repairs of ships of war in his Majesty's yards, and other extra works over and above what m?y be done upon the heads of wear and tear, and ordinary, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven.

XVIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, 000l. for said. That out all or any of the aids or supplies aforesaid, hemp to re-there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or Aims °^fn^maea-money not exceeding thirty thousand pounds, for purchasing a mlga- quantity of hemp to replenish his Majesty's magazines.

XIX1. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore- 300, 0001. to-laid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there wards paying shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money ^the del>t not exceeding three hundred thousand pounds, towards paying navy* off and discharging the debt of the navy.

XX. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore* 169, 600l. id. said. That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there office shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money0 01 n*ncc' not exceeding one hundred sixty nine thousand six hundred

pounds, and two pence, for the charge of the office of ordnance for land service, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty (even.

XXI. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore- 51.190l.6s.6d.

said. That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there ot"

shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money viciSwform-not exceeding fifty one thousand one hundred ninety pounds, ea hi ^66, not six shillings and six pence, for defraying the expence of services provided for.

' Q^q 2 per-

59*

t, 106, 1561

is. iod. and

iervices in general}

of which, 593, 9(61. trt. 7a. for guard: and garrisons in Great Britain. Guernsey, and Jerky*

and five

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 54; [1766.

performed by the office of ordnance for land service, and nrt# ided for by parliament in one thousand seven hundred and six*

XII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there of id.^owards an^ maY be and applied any sum or sums of money the land for. not exceeding one million two hundred and six thousand one ces, and other hundred fifty six pounds, two shillings, and ten pence, and (even r: eighth parts of a penny, for and towards maintaining his Ma-

iefty's land forces, and other ierviccs herein after more particularly expressed; that is to say, any sum or sums of money not exceeding five hundred ninety three thousand nine hundred eighty six pounds fifteen shillings, and seven pence, for defraying tlx charge of sixteen thousand seven hundred and fifty four effeffive men, commissioned and non-commissioned officers, included, and including two thousand four hundred and sixty one invalids, for guards, garrisons, and other his Majesty's hod forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and any sum or sum of money not exceeding two hundred ninety five thousand (is TdVforhundred an<* seven pounds, two shillings, and eleven pence, and five eighth parts of a penny, towards maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrisons in the plantations, and Afrit* including those in garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provisions for the forces in North America, Nova Scotia* Newfnd-land, Gibraltar, the ceded islands, and Africa, for the year ooe thousand seven hundred and sixty seven $ and any sum or sum of money not exceeding seven thousand two hundred and one pounds, fourteen shillings, and seven pence, for defraying the - charge of the difference of pay between the British and lriihti-

ModTttedif- tabl*lhment fix regiments of foot, serving in the ljle of Act*, it terence of pay Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded islands, for the year one thou-between the sand seven hundred and sixty seven^ and any sum or sums of mo-BHtiih and ney not exceeding twelve thousand two hundred and three pouods,

mentCofW, ftl* cig^ltcen shillings, and six pence halfpenny, for the pay of thege-troops in the neral an<* general staff officers in Great Britain, for the yearoce Ifleof Man, thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and any sum or sums Gibraltar, Mi- of money not exceeding one hundred thirty five thousand two noJca»an<i, a hundred ninety nine pounds, eight shillings, and four pence, ce e 1 an s, Up0naccount of t|ic reduced officers of his Majesty's land forces and marines, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding m thousand one hundred and three pounds, eleven shillings, and eight pence, for defraying the charge for allowances to these-veral officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horic guards, and regiment of horse reduced, and to the fupeno* nuated gentlemen of the four troops of horse guards, for tit year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven j and any fus or sums of money not exceeding five thousand six hundred thirty three pounds, three shillings, and four pence, far defraying the charge of full pay for three hundred and sixty ft*

and garrisons In the plantations, and A-irica, Minorca, and Gibnd-tar. See. and provisions for the forces abroad j

7, soil. 14s.

*, 1031. 18s. 6d. iq. (or general and general liaff officers j 135, 199l. 8s. 4-d. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines;

1, 105l. ns* 8d. to the a troops of H* guards and

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 54; 59$

days, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty (even, regiment of to officers reduced, with the tenth company of several batta- reduced* lions reduced from ten to nine companies, and who remained ^, n°uated t>n half-pay at the twenty fourth day of December, one thou- gentlemen of sand seven hundred and sixty five; and any sum or Turns of the troop* not exceeding one thousand five hundred and thirty six pounds^ guard*, for the paying of pensions to the widows of such reduced officers s* »d* of his Majesty's land forces and marines, as died upon the establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married the 10th — m to them before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand party of bat-seven hundred and sixteen, for the year one thousand seven re* hundred and sixty seven j and any lum or sums of money duc<d' not exceeding one hundred and six thousand and eighty three»st?1. to the pounds, two shillings, and six pence, upon account, towards defraying the charge of out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for -.j*the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and any 6d. to the oilt-sum or sums of money not exceeding forty six thousand five pensioner* of hundred and one pounds, five shillings, and four pence three Chelsea hospi-farthing*, towards further defraying the extraordinary expences ta^ > of his Majesty's land forces, and other services incurred to the third day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty td.s°q.extra-ieven, and not provided for by parliament. ordinary expence* of the land forces, and other services incurred, and not provided for,

XXIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore- 1, too, ooool.to-laid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there w*r<1* p»ying shall- and may be issued and applied the sum of one million eight bnitMued^ hundred thousand pounds, for paying off and discharging the pursuant to exchequer bills made out by virtue of an act passed in the last an act of the session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain fumfe0°*of money, by loam or exchequer bilk, for tie service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and charged upon the first

aids to be granted in this session of parliament. is, 95th a*.

XXIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore-d. to make Cud, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there good to his shall and may be issued and applied the sum of twelve thousand j£*"y nine hundred and fifty one pounds, two shillings, and two pence,

to make good to his Majesty the like sum which has been issued anttothead-by his Majesty's orders, in pursuance of the addresses of the dresse* of the house of commons. hou"

XXV. And it is hereby also enabled by the authority afore- CT^?on>*.laid. That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there for rapport!* shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money for civil efU-not exceeding/our thousand eight hundred and sixty six pounds, blishment of three shillings, and five pence, upon account, for maintaining Novi Scotia and supporting the civil establishment of Nova Scotia, for the p1'- (p the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and any cMincurTed" sum or sums of money not exceeding six hundred ninety one therein 1767, pounds, and eight shillings, upon account of-sundry expences, not provided for the service of Nova Scotia, in the year one thousand seven, ori hundred and sixty, and not provided for by parliament; and s.»9*61-for*« ady sum or sums of money, not exceeding three thousand nine dvd hundred and eighty six pounds, upon account, for defraying the 0

Q^q 3 charges-6

59*

1, 106, 1561 it* lod. and

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 54^ £1766. t

performed by the office of ordnance for land service, and not* provided for by parliament in one thousand seven hundred and sixty six.

XXII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there of id.tfward* anc* may^uec^ an^ appl|cd any sum or sums of money the land for. not exceeding one million two hundred and six thousand one ces, and other hundred fifty six pounds, two shillings, and ten pence, and seven services in eighth parts of a penny, for and towards maintaining his Ma-

general; jetty's land forces, and other services herein after more particu-

of which, larly expressed; that is to say, any sum or sums of money not ex-593*9*61.15s. ceeding five hundred ninety three thousand nine hundred eighty 7d. for guards six pounds fifteen shillings, and seven pence, for defraying the in Great Bd* charge of sixteen thousand seven hundred and fifty four effectve tain, Guern- men* commissioned and non-commissioned officers, included, and including two thousand four hundred and sixty one invalids, for guards, garrisons, and other his Majesty's land forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding two hundred ninety five thousand fix S*d. for guardslune*rc^ a°d ^even pounds, two shillings, and eleven pence, nr\Aanrifan* and five eighth parts of a penny, towards maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrisons in the plantations, and Africa including those in garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provisions for the forces in North America, Nova Scotiay Newfound* land, Gibraltar, the ceded islands, and Africa, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding seven thousand two hundred and one pounds, fourteen shillings, and seven pence, for defraying the charge of the difference of pay between the British and Irish establishment of fix regiments of foot, serving in the Isle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded islands, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven $ and any sum or sums of money not exceeding twelve thousand two hundred and three pounds, eighteen shillings, and six pence halfpenny, for the pay of the general and general staff officers in Great Britain, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and any sum or sums Gibraltar, Mi- of money not exceeding one hundred thirty five thousand two ^un<^re^ ninety nine pounds, eight shillings, and four pence,* e 1 an s» upon account of the reduced officers of his Majesty's land forces and marines, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding two thousand one hundred and three pounds, eleven shillings, and eight pence, for defraying the charge for allowances to the several officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horse guards, and regiment of horse reduced, and to the superannuated gentlemen of the four troops of horse guards, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven 5 and any sum or sums of money not exceeding five thousand six hundred thirty three pounds, three (hihings, and four pence, for defraying the charge of full pay for three hundred and sixty five

day»

fey, and Jer-fejrj

*95*607. IS lid. and five

and garrisons In the plantations, and A-Ifica, Minor-ca, and Gibral-tar. See, and provisions for the forces abroad j

7, soil. 14s. 7d. to make good the difference of pay between the British and Irish establishment, of troops in the Isle of Man,

31, 1031. iSs. 6d. »q. for genet al and general ltaff officers; 135, 1991. 8s. 4d. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines;

3, 103l. ns. Sd. to the a troops of H. guards and

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 54; '593

days, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, regiment ot to officers reduced, with the tenth company of several batta- h^c^eluc5d, lions reduced from ten to nine companies, and who remained ^amiiuted" on half-pay at the twenty fourth day of December, one thou- gentlemen of sand seven hundred and sixty five; and any sum or sums of the troop# not exceeding one thousand five hundred and thirty six pounds, guards* for the paying of pensions to the widows of such reduced officers 5*633l- 3«- 4d* of his Majesty's land forces and marines, as died upon the establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married the 10th com-to them before the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand pany of bit-seven hundred and sixteen, for the year one thousand seven rc* hundred and sixty seven; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding one hundred and six thousand and eighty three i*53$l-to the pounds, two shillings, and six pence, upon account, towards ficers°widows* defraying the charge of out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital> for |q6 og lf # the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and any 6d. to the outturn or sums of money not exceeding forty six thousand five pensioner* of hundred and one pounds, five shillings, and four pence three CheHea hospi-farthings, towards further defraying the extraordinary expences tal» of his Majesty's land forces, and other services incurred to the third day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty ^vqleSra, seven, and not provided for by parliament. ordinary expences of the land forces, and other services incurred, and not provided for,

XXIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore- i, 8oo, ooool; tOr laid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there P3yin* shall and may be issued and applied the sum of one million eight bilisfflueS1* hundred thousand pounds, for paying off and discharging the pursuant to exchequer bills made out by virtue of an act passed in the last an act of the session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain sum

cf money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and charged upon the first aids to be granted in this session of parliament. #, 1>95, j. tf.

XXIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid! to make

said. That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there good to hit shall and may be issued and applied the sum of twelve thousand j|?c

nine hundred and fifty one pounds, two shillings, and two pence,

to make good to his Majesty the like sum which has been issued ant to the ad-by his Majesty's orders, in pursuance of the addresses of the dresses of the house of commons. houfii

XXV. And it is hereby also enabled by the authority afore- C^0IU*laid. That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there &r suppoituj shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money forrivileibu not exceedingfour thousand eight hundred and sixty six pounds, blishment of three shillings, and five pence, upon account, for maintaining Nov* Scotia*and supporting the civil establishment of Nova Scotia, for the^s*s-for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and any

sum or sums of money not exceeding six hundred ninety one there in 1767, pounds, and eight shillings, upon account of sundry expences, not provided For the service of Nova Scotia, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and not provided for by parliament; and 3, 9861. for the arfy sum or sums of money, not exceeding three thousand nine civil eftaWifti-hundred and eighty six pounds, upon account, for defraying the ° °*m

QjH 3 charges.6

594

Florida

4, 8ool. for the civil establishment of West-Florida j

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 54. [1766.

charges of the civil establishment of his Majesty's colony of* Georgia, and other incidental expences attending the same, from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, to the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand avileftmUlish- seven hundred and sixty seven; and any sum or sums of money, ment of East not exceeding four thousand seven hundred and fifty pounds, upon account, for defraying the charge of the civil establishment of his Majesty's colony of East Florida, and other incidental expences attending the same, from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, to the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding four thousand eight hundred pounds, upon account, for defraying the charges of the civil establishment of his Majesty's colony of Wesi Florida, and other incidental expences attending the same, from the twenty fourth of June, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, to the twenty fourth day of June, one thou-1.6011.14s.to- sand seven hundred and sixty seven; and any sum or sums of o^cncrafnCC money»not exceeding one thousand six hundred and one pounds, funreysin fourteen shillings, upon account, for defraying the expence at-

America; tending general surveys of his Majesty's dominions in North

America, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and any further sum or sums of money, not exceeding two thousand pounds, the better to enable his Majesty to defray the contingent expences of the forces serving in North America.

XXVI. And it is hereby also enabled by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there

- ^shall and may be issued and applied any sum or films of money,

Africa, ^under not exceeding thirteen thousand pounds, to be employed in direction of maintaining and supporting the British forts and settlements on the coast or Africa, under the direction of the committee of merchants trading to Africa; and any sum or sums of money,

____ not exceeding five thousand five hundred and fifty pounds, up-

civil estabhnli* on account> for defraying the charges of the civil establishment men*of Se- his Majesty's government of Senegambia, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding three thousand five hundred pounds, upon account, towards satisfying the expences incurred by the committee of the company ot merchants trading to Africa, on ^"and didc'. account of the establishment of Senegal and its dependencies, pendencies, after the twenty ninth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five.

t*.ooool. to the

XXVII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, not exceeding twenty eight thousand pounds, upon account, towards enabling the governors and guardians of the hospital for the maintenance and education of exposed and delated young children, to maintain and educate such children as werp received into the said hospital on or before fhc twenty fifth ds

(?»

*, ooool. contingent expences of the forces in North America.

131000U for the forts and ffttleintnts in

the African company;

S>55°'-

Siegambia; 3, £Ool. on account of the establish-xnentof Sene-

I8,

Foundling

JJospital,

595

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 54.

of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty, from the thirty first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, exclusive, to the thirty first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, inclusive; and that the said sum be issued and paid for the use of the said hospital, without fee or reward, or any deduction whatsoever; and any sum and 1, 500l. or sums of money, not exceeding one thousand five hundred towards ap-pounds, upon account, to enable the governors and guardians childVeiTSoni of the said hospital to put out apprentice such children as were thence $ received into the said hospital on or before the twenty fifth day but not more of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty 5 so as the said than 7l. to be governors and guardians do not give with any one child more S, vcn.than the sum of seven pounds 5 which said sum shall be also cf1 1

issued. and paid without any fee, reward, or deduction what-^beiffued101 soever. without fee.

XXVIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore- ?00l. ag a said. That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there compensation shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, to Dr* Swm-not exceeding seven hundred pounds, to enable his Majesty to ma^done to make compensation to doctor Peter Swinton, for the damage his estateat " done to the estate of the said doctor Swinton, in the city of Chester, the time of at the time of the late rebellion, by order of the officer com- the late remanding the garrison of the said city. belhon.

XXIA. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority afore- 4.9, 660l. 9s.*said, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there4- to shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, fa^d' not exceeding forty nine thousand six hundred and sixty pounds, tj, c deficiency nine shillings, and two pence halfpenny, to replace to the of the duties sinking fund the like sum paid out of the same, to make good on offices and the deficiency on the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun- ^dowV-^dred and sixty six, of the several rates and duties upon offices wm W8* and pensions, and upon houses, and upon windows or lights, which were made a fund by an act of the thirty first year of the reign of his late Majesty for paying annuities in respect of five millions borrowed towards the supply granted for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and any 11, 758l. tjv, sum or sums of money, not exceeding twelve thousand seven 7d. to replace hundred fifty eight pounds, thirteen shillings, and seven° lJc jjnWng pence, to replace to the sinking fund the like sum paid out ficien^of the the same, to make good the deficiency on the tenth day of additional October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, of several duties upoi| additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom; and wines im-certain duties upon cyder and perry which were made a fund {J^der for paying annuities in respect of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, borrowed towards the supply granted for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three $ 104, 5061. ns* and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one hundred iod. to re-and four thousand five hundred and six pounds, eleven shillings, t0f[, nd and ten pence, to replace to the sinking fund the like sum issued t£c annuities thereout, to discharge for the year ended the twenty ninth day granted in re-trf* September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, the an- ?!*& of cer-f GL q* > nuitie*'?

fund the charges of management of the said annuities

8, 7081* 17s. 7<K 3q* to replace to the sinking fund the monies

certain annuities, &c.

1*9, 144.1. is* 8d. to make good the de-

59$ Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 54. £1766* t j

and visual- nuities after the rate of four pounds per centum, attending such* &c. part of the joint stock established by an act made in the third unredeemed; yCar Of^reign of his present Majesty in respect of certain navy, victualling, and transport bills, and ordnance debentures, as 1, $9*1. is 9d. remained unredeemed on the said twenty ninth day September;

q. to replace and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one thousand fnnriCfh^inS*vc hundred ninety two pounds, one shilling, and nine pence f e three farthings, to replace to the sinking fund the like sum issued thereout, for paying the charges of management of the annuities attending the said joint llock for one year, ended the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding eight thousand seven hundred and eight pounds, seventeen millings, and seven pence three farthings, to replace to the sinking fund the like sum issued thereout, to discharge from the twenty ninth day of iffucdthercout September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, to the to discharge twenty fifth day of December following, the annuities attending such part of the said joint stock as was redeemed in pursuance of an act made in the last session of parliament; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one hundred twenty nine thousand one hundred forty four pounds, two shillings, and eight Eciency of the pence, to make good the deficiency' of the grants for the ferries grants for the of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six. fad year.

XXX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority

be^ tied to aforesaid» That the said aids and supplies provided as aforesaid, no other uses. not or applied to any use, intent or purpose whatsoever, other than the uses and purposes before mentioned, or for the several deficiencies, or other payments directed to be satisfied thereout by any act or acts, or any particular clauie or clauses for that purpose contained in any other act or acts of this present session of parliament.

XXXI. And) as to the said sum of one hundred thirty five tbm-fatid two hundred ninety nine pounds, eight J, hillings and four pence, by this act appropriated, on account of half-pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the application of the said half-pay; that is to say. That no person shall have or receive any part of the same, who was a minor and under the age of sixteen years at the time when the regiment, troop, or company, in which he served was reduced; that no person shall have or receive any part of the same, except such person who did actual service in some regiment, troop, or company; that no person having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any part of the said half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrison or regiment, who has any ecclesiastical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any part of the said half-pay, that no person shall have or receive any part of the same, who has religned his commission, and has had no commission since; that no part of the lame shall be allowed Co any person, by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to A*ch persons as would have been mherwUe intitled to the wme*

Rules to be observed in the application of the fcalf-pay.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 54. 597

as reduced officers; and that no part of the same shall be allowed to any of the officers of the fire regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the establishment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXXII. And whereas by an all of parliament made in the sixth year of his present Majestfs reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund, and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six j and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; the several supplies which had been granted to his present Majesty as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several uses and purposes therein expressed \ amongst which any sum or fume of money, not exceeding one hundred thirty eight thousand six hundred and seventy four pounds, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majestfs land forces and marines9 for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six* subject nevertheless to such rules to be observed in the application of the said half-pay* as in and by the aforesaid all were prescribed in that behalf: now it is hereby provided, enacted, and declared, by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said sum of one hundred thirty eight thou* Rules to to (and six hundred and seventy four pounds, as is or mall be more°^erve^" than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced officers, according to the are-rules prefenbed by the said act to be observed in the application Turpin, of the thereof, or any part of such overplus, shall and may be disposed several T.ouof of to such officers who are maimed or have lost their limbs in the late wars, or such others as, by reason of their long service or otherwise, his Majesty shall judge to be proper objects payment of of charity, or to the widows or children of such officers, ac- reduced of-cording to such warrant or warrants under his Majesty's royal ficen» sign manual, as shall be signed in that behalf; any thing in this act or the said former act to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-+.604l. 3*.jd. laid. That the sum of eighty four thousand six hundred and thexchrauer four pounds, three shillings, and three pence, remaining in of th* addi-the receipt of the exchequer, on the fifth day of April, one tional rues thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, of the two seventh parts and duties of of the additional rates and duties of excise granted by an act parliament made in the fifth year of the reign of King William f.nWng fund, and Queen Mary, after satisfying the several charges and incumbrances thereupon fortbe half-year then ended, be carried to, and

made part of, the fund commonly called Aggregate Fund 1 Where them and that such annuities and other demands, payable out of the JheU be any -(aid sum, as the growing produce of the two seventh parts of Sjfanhnitfe. the said excise, shall not be sufficient to answer, shall be charged payable oat of upon, and payable out of, the said fund, commonly called The the raid Turn, ' Aggregate Fund-, and the of of the treasury now or to be paid for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby impowered to authorite the payment, out of the find fund, of such monies as

shall

Recital of clauses in fe-

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 54. [1766.

shall be necessary to make good any such deficiency or deficient*cies.

XXXIV.

parliament j

V. And whereas by an act passed in this present feffli tj the free importation into Great Britain of whti

ton of

feat or

°* wheat flour from any of his Majesty's colonies in America, by any of latinjg to th7" t*s Majesty's subjects, in any flip or vessel navigated according to law.

free importation of corn, drc.

His Majestr impowered,

is permitted until the first disy of August, one thousand seven hundred and fxty seven; and by another act of the same session, the free importation of oats or oat-meal, rye or rye-meal, into this kingdom, by any person or persons, in any flip or vessel whatsoever, is permitted until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; and by several other acts of the same session, the flee importation into this kingdom of wheat or wheat flour, barley, barley-meal, pease, beans, tares, or callivancies, malt, bread., biscuit, W fiarch, from any part of Europe, by any person or persons, in any flip or vessel whatsoever, is permitted until the tenth day ^September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven: and whereas it may, during the next recess of parliament, be expedient to permit the fret importation of the several articles and things aforesaid, into this kingdom, beyond the respective times by the said acts of parliament Tirnitd for the free importation thereof, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his of Majesty, from time to time, during the said next recess, (when-parliament, ever it shall appear expedient to his Majesty so to do) by his by prodama- royal proclamation to be issued, by and with the advice of his tien, or order privy council, or by his order in council, to be published inlhe w^itthef10 London Gazette, to permit the free importation of all or any the impoftath>nof art, c^cs or things aforesaid, from any parts or places in his Ma-allorany the jesty's dominions in America, for any time or times until the articles mfore- first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight;

anc*h|S royal proclamation or order in council published FebT?768;as aforesaid, to permit the free importation of all or any the said spd' from any articles and things, from any parts or places in Europe or Africa, parts of Eu- for any time or times until twenty days after the commence-rape or Africa, ment of the next session of parliament; and that all and every after the next^art*!* an<* things to be imported by virtue of, or un- " der, such proclamations or orders, shall not be subject or liable

to the payment of any subsidy, custom, duty, or impositkxt whatsoever; and may be allowed tn be carried coastwise, under the same regulations as the like articles and things, being the growth of this kingdom; any thing in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstandfog.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the to be made of authority aforesaid, That due entries shall be made, in such all com, &c. manner and form as were used or practised before the commencement of this session of parliament, of all corn, grain, and other things, which shall be imported into this kingdom, by virtue of or under any such proclamation or order, at the custom house belonging to the ports of importation 3 or, in defauk thereof! the corn, grain, or other things, so imported, and

whereof

Due entries

to imported;

otherwise to pay duty.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 55.' gyf

whereof such entries shall not be made, shall be subject and liable to such and the same duties as were payable upon the importation thereof before the commencement of this present session of parliament; any thing in this act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And whereas by an act of parliament made in this pre- Land tax aft sent session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to of this session. his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven $ ehe of appointed for putting so much of the said act in execution as is thereby committed to their care and charge, were directed to meet upon or before the thirtieth day of April last: and whereas it may have happened that the said of may not in some places have met upon or before the said thirtieth day of April last, in pursuance of such directions: Now, in order to obviate and prevent any doubts that might arise thereupon, it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Where the lawful for the said several cortimissioners who neglected to meet commission-te put the said act in execution upon or before the thirtieth day to meet of April last, and they are hereby authorized and required to on or before meet, with all convenient speed, on such day or days as they 3° April to.shall think fit to appoint o put the said act into execution; and such meeting or meetings of the said of, so to be had in pursuance of this act, and aHb all meetings which (hantomeettorOka have been held by the said of, after the said thirtieth purpose as day of Aprils and before the passing of this act, shall* to all in- f°°? contents and purposes, be as effectual for the putting the said act^"icntly into execution, as if the same meeting or meetings had beep and such held upon or before the thirtieth day of April last. meetings, and

those held after the said <Uy» and before passing this act, are depmed lega| and valid.

CAP. LV.

An act for further continuing an act of the last session of parliament, intituled An act to amend and render more ef-. feftual, in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the bet+ ter payment of the army and their quarters.

WHEREAS anoftpassed in the Jixthyear of his present Ma- Preamble, 'rp-jffiy's reign, intituled An act to amend and render more citing dause ffteftua1? in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act palledin the Amer*-mthis prefect session of parliament, intituled An act for punish- ^J^the"^ ing mutiny atfd $efertion, and for the better payment of the army and session. their quarters; which act was to continue and bo in jorcey in all his Majesty's dominions in America, from the twenty fourth day of March, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty fixy until the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty fight; and whereas it has been found necessary that the said act Should pe continued for a further term; May it therefore please your mo$ jpfceljefit Majesty that it m?y he ypsjftedj, and be it enacted

the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the ahiceaoj The recited consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and common, io act further this present parliament assembled, and by the authority rite same. That the said act shall be, and the same is hereby c» tinued until the twenty fourth day of Adarchone thouiadfc ven hundred and sixty nine.

CAP. LVI.

An act for taking off the inland duty of one falling per pound weight upon all black and singlo teas conjumi ii I Great Britain; and for granting a drawback npatkt exportation of teas to Ireland, and the British dmmm in America, for a limited time, upon such indemmficeam to be made in respect thereof by the Haft India Compaq as is therein mentioned; for permitting the exportation if teas in smaller quantities than one lot to Ireland, or the said dominions in America; and for preventing tus four ed and condemned from being consumed in Great Brain.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the eifbtuvth year of the reign of his late majesty King George th/iad, iaafifS Geo. intituled An act for repealing the present inland duty of four» shillings per pound weight upon all tea fold m Great Britd*t

and for granting to his Majesty certain other inland duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the duty upon tea, and other duties of excise; and for pursuing offenders out of one county into another; an inland duty of one /billing per pound weight cvrir-dupois* and in that proportion for a greater or lesser quantify m imposed and charged upon all tea to be sold in Great Britain; ad oljo a further duty of twentyJive pounds for every one hundred fund; of the gross price at which such teas Should be sold at the puUici fski if the united company of merchants of England trading to rktift Indies, and proportionably for a greater or lesser sum; which beta were to commence from the twenty fourth day of June, me thafzd seven hundred and forty five, over and above all customs^fiAjsbe^ and duties, payable to his Majesty for the same, upon imported^ thereof 5 to be paid in manner as tn the said act ts dirtftei: ai It as Geo. i. whereas by an act of parliament made in the twenty first year of & said late Mqejly's reign, tea was allowed to be exported from tti\ kingdom to Ireland, and his Majesty's plantations in America, without payment of the said inland duties: and whereas the taking sf & said inland duty ofone/billing per pound weight upon black and fall teas, granted by the said act> and the allowing, upon the exporter^ ij all teas which shall be exported to Ireland and his Maiejfifs plants* tiens in America, the whole of the duty paid upon the imported* thereof into this kingdom, appear to be the most probable and extc£n means of extending the consumpthn of teas legally imported within sh kingdom, and of encreasing the exportation of teas to Ireland, okJo his Majesty's plantations in America, which are now chiefly funcfii by foreigners in a course of illicit trade: and whereas the united a*

t*!

continued to a. March,7«9.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. $6;

*pany of merchants ^England trading to the East Indies are willing and desirous to indemnify the public, in such manner as is herein after provided, with respect to any diminution of the revenue which shall or may happen from this experiment: We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That^pooooddiffor and during the space of five years, to be computed from theconnnued for fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, the term of the said inland duty of one shilling per pound weight upon teas, VP011 shall not be paid for or in respect of any bohea, Congo, fouchong, fin or pekoe teas, commonly called Black Teasi or any teas known by the denomination of finglo teas, which shall be cleared for cleared for consumption within Great Britain, out of the warehouses of the c<mfuraption united company of merchants of England trading to the East In- Britafo, ouTof dies, or their successors; but that all such teas so to be cleared, the company's whether the same have been already, or shall be hereafter, fold warehousess by the said company, or their successors, shall be and are hereby freed and discharged, during the said term, from the said inland duty.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- amj the said. That for and during the like space of five years, to be Of customi, computed from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun- payable on dred and sixty (even, there shall be drawn back and allowed for unportation, all teas exported from this kingdom as merchandize to Ireland, back upon all or any of the British colonies or plantations in America, the whole teai exported duties of customs payable upon the importation of such teas; as vnerchan-which drawback or allowance, with respect to such teas as shall dizetoIreland, be exported to Ireland, shall be made to the exporter in such couS^n manner, and under such rules, regulations, securides, penalties, Americaj and forfeitures, as any drawback or allowance is now payable

out of the duty of customs upon the exportation of foreign goods to Ireland; and with respect to such teas as shall be exported to the British colonics and plantations in America, the said drawback or allowance shall be made in such manner, and under such rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as any drawback or allowance payable out of the duty of customs upon foreign goods exported to foreign parts, was, could, or might be, made before the passing of this act (except in such cases as are otherwise provided for by this act.)

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the autho- the ^id dnw-rity aforesaid, That the drawback allowed by this act shall not back to be be paid or allowed for any teas which shall not be exported di- paid for such redly from the warehouse or warehouses wherein the same shall J* be lodged, pursuant to the directions of an act made in the tenth TOrteddireair year or the reign of his late majesty King George the First. from the^7

warehouses where lodged, pursuant to ad 10 Geo. 1.

5 IV. And

And if, upon an annutl state of the accounts as here directed to be made

ftctency.

IV. And, for making good any diminution which may happen in the revenues of cujiom and excise by the discontinuance of the fetid duty, and the allowance of the said drawback, during the term aforesaid; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on or before the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and £xty sap, there shall eight, and on or before the first day of September in each of the an^verae?*1 f°ur fuccec<hng years, a true and exact account shall be taken, taken for 5 stated, and made up, by the proper officers of the customs and yean preced- excise respectively, of the net produce of all the duties of customs ing, any di- for 2nd in respect of teas sold by the said company, or their fuc-Jh^nlwiucs ce^ors > ant* atfo of the net produce of the duties of excise upon by disconti- teas cleared out of the warehouses belonging to the said comp-nuance of the ny, or their successors; within the year, ending the fifth day of said duty, and j^y immediately preceding the taking, stating, and making up, rteSdXaw-^uch account; and that a lum, which shall be equal to the an-back, during* nual net produce of the duties of customs paid upon the impor-the said term; tation of teas which were exported to Ireland and the British co-the company fonies and plantations in America, upon an average for five yean

toodThe de- Prece(^nS the fifth daY of 7ub> one thousand seven hundred and

5 ----- " sixty seven, shall be deduced from the total of the net produce,

so stated, of the said duties of customs and excise in the said account, for the year ending the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, and for each of the said four succeeding years respectively: and if, after such deduction shall have been made, the remaining sum shall not amount to such a sum as shall be equal to the annual net produce of all the duties of customs for and in respect of teas sold by the said company; and also to the annual net produce of the duties of excise upon teas cleared out of the warehouses of the said company, on an average for five years preceding the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; then, and in every such case, from time to time, as often as such case shall so happen, the said company, or their successors, within forty days after a copy of such yearly account respectively shall have been delivered to their chairman, deputy chairman, secretary, cashier, or accomptant general, shall advance and pay, for every such year respectively, into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for his Majesty's use, such sum of money as (nail, with the monies remaining in such respective annual account after the deduction aforesaid shall have been made, amount to such a sum as shall be equal to the annual net produce of all the said duties of customs and excise upon teas, on the said average of five years preceding the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; so as the money to be paid by the said company, or their successors, in pursuance of this act, shall not, in any one of the said five years, exceed such a sum as shall be equal to the annual net amount of the said inland duty of one shilling per pound weight upon teas cleared from the warehouses of the said company, for consumption within Great Britain 5 and allb to the annual net amount of the duties of customs paid on the importation of teas which were exported to Ireland, and the

Briti/k

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. cfi. 60$

9ritish colonies and plantations in America, upon an average for five years preceding the said fifth day of July % one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on failure of in case the said united company of merchants of England trading any payment to the East Indies or their successors, shall make failure in any by the com* of the payments hereby directed, required, or appointed to be

made into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, in the manner, or' on or before the respective times herein before limited or appointed for that purpose; that then, from time to time, as often as such case shall so happen, the money, whereof such failure the money to in payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered to his Ma- be recovered jesty's use, by action of debt, or upon the case, bill, suit, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westmin- the courts

fier\ wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, at Westmia-Shall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; in which fter, action, bill, iuit, or information, it shall be lawful to declare that the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their successors, are indebted to his Majesty the monies of which they shall have made default in payment, according to the form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such action, with damages bill, suit, or information, there shall be further recovered to his a^erhe rttc Majesty's use, against the said united company of merchants cen\*

England trading to the East Indies9or their successors, damages, cofb of fuiu after the rate of twelve pounds per centum per annum9 for the respective monies so unpaid, contrary to this act, together with full costs of suit; and the said united company, and their successors, and all their stock, funds, and all other their estate and pro- ^Jc perty whatsoever and wheresoever, shall be, and are hereby made subject and liable to the payment of such monies, damages, and are mule iia-costs. ble thereto.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The monies all the monies which shall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's to be applied exchequer, in pursuance of this act, shall be applied to such usesbc P«sent^and purposes, and in such proportions, as the present duties on datie*

teas are now made applicable.

VII. And whereas by an all made in the twenty first year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for permitting tea to be exported to Ireland, and his Majesty's plantations in America, without paying the inland duties charged thereupon by an act of the eighteenth year of his jpresent Majesty's reign; and for Claofe in as enlarging the time for some or the payments to be made on the XI Gco % subscription of six millions three hundred thousand pounds, by virtue of an act of this session of parliament; it is enacted, That prohibiting from and after the frji day of June, one thousand seven hundred and forty eight, no tea Should be exported to the kingdom of Ireland, or to act, jcfs qUan. any of his Majesty's plantations in America, in any chcjl, cajky tub9 tity than one or package whaijocver9 other than that in which it was originally im- intire lot, ported into Great Britain, nor in any less quantities than in the intire let or lots in which the same was sold at the sale of the said united

tom-

repealed

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 56. [1766.

company, under the penalty of the forfeiture of such tea, and the pact* containing the same: and whereat the prohibiting the exportation of tea in any left quantity than one intire lot9 has been very inconvenient to merchants and traderj, and tends to discourage the exportation of tea to Ireland, and the said colonies; be it therefore enacted by aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of July9

the authority one thousand seven hundred and sixty (even, the said recited

xty

clause shall be, and is hereby repealed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, no tea shall be exported to the kingdom of Ireland, or to any of his Majesty's plantations in America^ in any chest, cask, tub, or package whatsoever, other than that in which it was originally imported into Great Britain \ Si?wholehtn nornck quantity t^ian t*ie w le and intire quantity con-quantity cob- tehrcd in any chest, cask, tub, or package, in which the same tained in such was sold at the publick sale of the united company of merchants package at of England trading to the East Indies; under the penalty of the forfeiture of such tea, and the package containing the same, which shall and may befeized by any officer of the customs; and such forfeiture shall he recovered and applied in such and the same manner, as any of the penalties or forfeitures mentioned in the said act, made in the twenty first year of the reign of his

No tea to he exported to Ireland, or America, but in the original packages nor in a left

late Majesty, are thereby directed to be recovered and applied; met

the company's sale; on forfeiture thereof; to be recovered and applied as act 11

retta.* and all tea exported under the authority of this act is hereby Teas exported freed and discharged from the payment of the inland duties olf "nd*ni$ excise, in such and the same manner, and shall be subject to the 'ed oftbeTm- ^amc ru^cs an<* rcguIations> as are mentioned, appointed, and land dutiesof prescribed by the said act, in relation to tea exported by virtue excite. thereof.

Confiscated

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from leas to be and after the twenty fourth day of July, one thousand seven fold, and dr- hundred and sixty seven, all teas which shall be seized and con-livered out for deinned for being illegally imported, or for any other cause, shall cxporution not jyj for consumption within this kingdom, but shall be 1 exported to Ireland, or to the British colonics in America; and

that no such teas, after the sale thereof, shall be delivered out of any warehouse belonging to his Majesty, otherwise than for exportation as aforesaid; or be exported in any package containing a less quantity than fifty pounds weight; which exportation shall be made in like manner, and under the same rules, regu-^n^, f1<h^at*on8* Peila^ics> a°d forfeitures, except in respect to the allow-oVcr regula- ance any drawback, as are by this act prescribed, appointed, and inflicted, in relation to the exportation of teas sold by the said company; and upon the like bond and security as is required by the said act made in the twenty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, to be approved of by the commissioners of the customs or excise in England for the time being, or any three of them respectively, or by such person or persons as they shall respectively appoint for that purpose.

ther enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thai

and in packages containing not less

cions as are here mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

bat

if

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 57. 605

if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, and General issue. the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become* nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise; then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff Treble costs, or plaintiffs.

CAP. LVII.

An act for establishing an agreement for the payment of the annual sum of four hundred thousand pounds % for a limited time, by the East India company, in respect of the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained in the East Indies.

WHEREAS the united company of merchants of England preambje trading to the East Indies have proposed, that a temporary agreement Should be made in relation to the territorial acquisitions and revenues lately obtained there; and have thereupon offered to pay, for the benefit of the publicly during the term of such agreement, the yearly sum of four hundred thousand pounds, by half-yearly payments: and whereas it may be for the benefit of the publicly and the said com -pany9 that a temporally agreement, for the Jpace of two years, Should be made in regard of the said territorial acquisitions and revenues:

Now we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said united company of merchants of East India England trading to the East Indies, and their successors, shall act- company to vance and pay into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for W ., nto t: he his Majesty's use, the sum of four hundred thousand pounds per K^Sex-'annumy for and during the term of two years, to be computed chequer, from the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and 400, 0001. per sixty seven, by half-yearly payments of two hundred thousand pounds each; which half-yearly payments of two hundred thou- yC^rs?rra 0*fend pounds shall become due on the first day of August, and the by ha'lf-yearty*first day of February, in each year; and shall be made on or be- payments, or fore the twenty fifth day of March next ensuing such first day of ool* August, and on the twenty ninth day of September next ensuing eac such first day of February refoeflivtly, in each year; the first of which half-yearly payments (naH become due on the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and be made on or before the twenty fifth day of Martby one thousand seven .- Vet. XXVII. Rr hundred

So6

on failure of any of the said payments,

the money to be recovered by action of debt. See. in any of the courts at Westminster.

with damages, after tue rate of 15l. per cent, and full

coils of suit; and the company's llocic and funds,

&c. are made liable thereto. The territorial acq'jsiii-tiens and revenues lately obtained, to remain in the company's possdlion during the said 2 years; and it they shall be dil-possetied by any foreign power, of any part thereof, within that time.

proportional abatement is to be made in the said an-J1 payments;

and money wrongfully paid, is to be retundpd.

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 57J f 1766.

hundred and sixty eight; and in case the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indus^or their successors, shall make failure in any of the said payments hereby appointed to be made into the receipt of his Majest/s exchequer, on or before the respective days or times herein before limited; that then, from time to time, as often as such case shall to happen, the money, whereof such failure in payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered to his Majesty's use, by a&ioo of debt, or upon the case, bill, suit, or information, so any of his Majesty's courts of record at ll'edminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, shall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; in which action, bill, suit, or information, it shall be lawful to declare, That the said united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or their successors, are indebted to his Majesty the monies of which they shall have made default in payment, according to the form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such action, bill, suit, or information, there shall be further recovered, to his Majesty's use, against the said united company of merchants of England trading to the £9? Indies, or their successors, damages, after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum per annumy for the respective monies so unpaid, contrary to this act, together with full costs of suit; and the said united company, and their successors, and all their (lock, funds, and all other their estates and property whatsoever and wherefo-ever, shall be, and are hereby made, subject and liable to the payment of such monies, damages, and costs.

II. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That all the said territorial acquisitions and revenues, lately obtained in the East Indies, shall remain in pof-.session of the said united company, and their successors, during I the said term of two years, to be computed from the said firu day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty (even.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the said united company, or their successors, shall be dispossessed by any foreign power of any part of the said territorial acquisitions or revenues, at any time or times before the expiration of the said term of two years, to be computed from the first day of February, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven; then, and in every such case, and as often as such case shall so happen, the payment of the said annual sum of four hundred thousand pounds, for or in re(pe& of the time or times during which the kid company, or their successors, shall remain so dispossessed, shall be reduced, in such proportion to the whole of the said annual sum as the net income and profits of the territorial acquisitions and revenues, of which the said company, or their successors, shall have been h dispossessed, shall have borne to the whole of the net income and profits of all the said territorial acquisitions and revenues, upon the average of the year preceding their bemgfodifoofiefied; and if it shall happen that ?ny payment orpayipept* &a|l have beeq

mb

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 5?.

"i*ade, for or in respect of any time or times during which the said company, of their successors, shall have been so dispossessed act aforesaid, such proportional part of the monies as shall have been so paid for or in rrfpedt thereof, or so much of such proportional part of the said monies as shall not have been appropriated in manner herein after mentioned, shall be repaid and refunded at the said receipt of the exchequer to the said company, or their successors; and, in lieu of the money which shall have been so appropriated, a sum equal thereto shall be paid to the said company, or their successors, out of the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; which payment is hereby charged upon the said fund, and shall be made thereout, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all previous charges thereupon; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That monies the monies which shall be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's to be reserved exchequer, in pursuance of this act, shall be there reserved to be for the dif-dispofod of and appropriated by parliament. petition of

CAP. LVIII. parliament,

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom; and for establishing a fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of hemp and flax.

WHEREAS the tonfumption of linens within Great Britain* Preamble# and the British dominions in America, is greatly increased: and whereas the establishing a proper fund for the encouragement of toifing and dressing of hemp and fax, would be a great advantage to the linen manufactures within this kingdom; therefore, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, do give and grant to your Majesty, your heirs, and successors, such additional duties on foreign linens to be imported into Great Britain, as are herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par- After 1 Aug. liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from veral* s^ddieU* and after the first day of Augujjl, one thousand seven hundred and rates and sixty seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid un- duties follow-to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several additional ing are to take fates and duties following; that is to say, ^Place

For every ell of foreign linen, commonly called Packing Can- on

VaSy Spruce Elbingy or S^ueenjborough Canvas, wh'shall be im- re, gn canfai* ported into Great Britain, the sum of one farthing.

And for every elj^of foreign linen, commonly called Dutch Barras, and Hejftn-Canvas, which shall be imported into Great Britain, the sum of one halfpenny.

find after those rates for any greater or less quantity of such

Rr 2'goods

tfo.f Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 58.

[1766.]

goods respectively, over and above all other duties imposed* thereon by any funner act or acts of parliament, on foreign

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That lawns, which from and after the said first day of Ategujl, one thousand seven ter«d° and pay anc* ^lxty seven» all foreign lawns, imported into Great

duty, ' a» Site* Britain^ shall be rated and entered as Stlefia lawns, and shall da lawns} pay duty accordingly; and that from and after the said first day ot August, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, there shall also be raised, levied, collcded, and paid.

u ...For every yard of foreign lawn bleached in Holland, comroon-

whited fawn, ty called Holland-whited Lawtiy which shall be imported into Great Britain, the sum of one penny.

And after that rate for any greater or less quantity, over and above all other duties impeded thereon by any former act or acts of parliament.

Duties to be

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, paid in ready That the said duties, granted by this act, shall be paid down otu^n' dif1"n reac, y money» without any discount or allowance; and shall count?*ra*ledj levied, collected, and paid, in the same manner and to be lc- an<* form> anc* by such rules, ways, and meatos, and under vied, &c. as such penalties and forfeitures, as are prescribed and appointed the former for raising, levying, collcding, and paying, the former duties, duties. upon the like goods imported into this kingdom, by any act or acts of parliament now in force, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, respectively relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enadea in the body of this present act.

Dut to be re- ^rovi(, e<* always, and be it hereby enacted and declared

paid^on ex- by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any goods or portation of merchandizes that have paid the duties hereby granted shall, at the said goods, any time or times, be again exported by any merchant or merit exported chants within three years from the importation thereof, the doty by this act granted, and which shall have been actually paid for such goods or merchandizes, shall, without delay or reward, be repaid unto such merchant or merchants who shall export the same; under the same rules, mutations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are prescribed and directed by any act or acts of parliament with respect to any former drawback upon such goods.

Money arising V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That b.v the^u' the money arising by the several rates and duties herein before paiVapart in- granted (except the necessary charges of raising, collecting, re-co the ex- covering, and paying, the lame) shall, from time to time, be chequer \ respectively paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer di-and a sum ftindly and apart from all other branches of the public revenue 5 ereout, not ancj that a sum, not exceeding fifteen thousands pounds per an* num, arising from the said duties, shall be kept apart in the said receipt, as a fund for the encouragement of raising and dressing hemp and flax in this kingdom, in such way and manner as the

within three years.

exceeding 15, 00l. per ami. to be kept as a fund lor en*

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 59.

parliament shall hereafter direct j and that the remainder of the couraginr said several duties shall be reserved in the said receipt for the HSjJ future disposition of parliament. lnd fla*.

Remainder to be reserved for disposition of parliament.

CAP. LIX.

An act for refraining and prohibiting the governor, council and house of representatives, of the province of New York,

until provision shall have been made for furnishing the King's troops with all the necessaries required by law, from puffing or assenting to any act of assembly, vote, or refutation, for ary other purpose.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act of parliament was made in the fifth year Preamble# re* of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to amend ^ting aft* and render more effectual, in his Majesty's dominions in Ame-Gco* rica, an act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; wherein several directions were given, and rules and regulations established and appointed, for the Supplying his Majesty's troops, in the British dominions in America, with such necessaries as are in the said act mentioned during the continuance thereof, from the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, until the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven: and whereas the house of representatives of his Majesty's province of New York in America have, in direct disobedience of the authority of the British le-gijlature, refused to male provision for supplying the necessaries and in the manner required by the said act; and an act of assembly hath been passed, within the said province, for furnishing the barracks in the cities of New York and Albany with firewood and candles, and the other necessaries therein mentioned, for his Majesty's forces, in-conft/ient with the provisions, and in opposition to the directions, of the said act of parliament: and whereas by an act made in the iajl session, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual, in 6 Geo. 3. his Majesty's dominions in America, an act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, the lile directions, rules, and regulations, were given and ejia-hlished, for supplying with necessaries his Majesty's troops within the said dominions during the continuance of such act, from the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, until the twenty fourth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; which act was, by an act made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for further continuing an act of the last session of parliament, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act passed and 7 Geo. 3. in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for puniflung mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, further continued until the twenty fourth day of y March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty nine; In order there-

Anno septimo Georgii III. c. 60, 61. [1766.

fore to enforce, within the said province of New Tort, the Applying of his Majesty's troops with the necessaries and in the manner required by the said acts of parliament; may. itpleafe' your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. The governor That from and after the first day of October, one tftoufimd seven and council hundred and sixty (even, until provision shall have been made EI?hibl!5r to^the^assembly so* furnishing his Majesty's

to any ad^of trooPs within the said province with all fitch necessaries as are ttiembly, required by the said acts of parliament, or any of them, to be furnished for such troops, it shall not be lawful for the governor, lieutenant governor, or person presiding or aiding as governor or commander in chief, or for the council for the time being, within the colony, plantation, or province, of New Tort in Arne-ricay to pass, or give his or their assent to, or concurrence in, ^fdurioifoff the ma^ifl£ or pacing of any ad of assembly; or his or their the house of assent to any order, resolution, or vote, in concurrence with rcpiefenta- the house or representatives for the time being within the said ft*1* colony, plantation, or province; or for the said house of repre-house like^d fcntatives to Pass or make any bill, order, resolution, or vote, (or-wife prohibit-rs> resolutions, or votes, for adjourning such house only, ex-ed to pass or cepted) of any kind, for any other purpose whatsoever; and make any that all acts of assembly, orders, resolutions, and votes whatsoever,

lutionr except which shall or may be passed, assented to, or made, contrary for adjourn- to the tenor and meaning of this act, after the said first day of meat, October, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, within

until provision the said colony, plantation, or province, before and until pro-therTfor fur- vi^lon shall have been made for Applying his Majesty's troops nifliTngthe " with necessaries as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby declared King's troops to be, null and void, and of no force or effect whatsoever. with all the necessaries required by the recited act; and all act of assembly, See, contrary to the tenor hereof, after i 0&. 1767, are declared void.

except as to

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared to be the the choice and true intent and meaning of this act, Tljat nothing herein be-approbation of fore contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hin-the house. der, prevent, or invalidate, the choice, election, or approbation, of a speaker of the house of representatives for Ole time being within the said colony, plantation, or province.

CAP. LX.

An act for repairing and widening several roads in the county of Brecon.

CAP. LXI.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of two acts passed in the thirteenth year of King George the First, and the seventeenth of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Cranford Bridge, in the county of Middlesex, to that end of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the county of Bucks; and for amending the road from Slough, to a certain place in Eton, and from Langley Broom, to Datchet Bridge, in the county of Buckingham.

1766.] Anno septimo Georgii III.

---

CAP. LXII.

An act to continue the term, and render more effectual an act passed in the thirty first year of his late Majesty, for amending several roads leading from the town of Tiverton, in the county of Devon; and for repairing and widening the road from Bickley Bridge Cross, over Bickley Bridge, to the sign of the Swan in the town of Silverton; and also the road from Bickley Wood Cross, to Ford Village Water in the said county.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from Swynford in the county of Berks, to Eynsham in the county of Oxford.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty second year of his late majesty King George the Second, for opening and making a new road from the east end of New Street, in the parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said road in repair for the future; and for repairing several other roads adjoining thereto.

CAP. LXV.

An act for continuing, altering, and amending, two acts of parliament, of the twelfth of King George the First, and of the tenth of his late Majesty, for repairing several roads leading into the city of Worcester; and for amending several other roads near or adjoining thereto.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the west end of Thames Street, in the city of Oxford, over Botley Causeway, to the turnpike road near Fifield, in the county of Berks.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for amending, repairing, and widening, several roads in the counties of Radnor and Hereford.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for amending and widening the road leading from the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the county of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the great turnpike road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, to Birmingham in the same county.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for rebuilding the parish church of Saint Martin, within the city of Worcester.

---

CAP. LXX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the eighteenth year of his late Maj, for repairing the road from the town of Kingston upon Hull, to and through the town of Anlaby, and from thence to the town of Kirk Ella, in the county of the said town of Kingston upon Hull,

CAP. LXXI.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the eighteenth year of King George the Second, for repairing the road

from

C<?66.

from Sacred Gate, on the ikbb'infiJUe of the lawn tf Hedon, wtbeetflridSagjf theceantyopforisy tbreagh the JoUtarn, e: H^w^flndnvtimab

; fiattUntpeiabmi m^pmyfkikam, wwnkAr temmships tf " Wytos eed Spreader* tbr guide p*ft in Fhntoa Law, — *Humblctoo MoorHouse, hrJba ftmeriiing.

CAP LXXIL

peoref the bormgb and

CAP. tylpdai.

An edforbuilding a bridge trofs Stbnehouse crttk, firm $tooe-house to Plymouth doth, in the maty tf Devon.

CAP. LXMV.

An adfit enlarging the term and Waters granted by two nits tf pm-Bftnent, tf toe third tf Xing George the First, end the eleventh of his fate Majesty, ftr nutHng the porijbioners tf Saint Maiy Ratbcrhith, n the cosotty tf Surrey, by certain ftmerel rests therm mentioned, it fafjbthe fold parish (harsh, ami ftrfnr-chejtng an additional burial ground, and to enable them tt rtift meaty far purchosing theprefmt parfinoge batsfo, and tmvertiai ..the mu thereof intt amtriol ground, and far pratddmgama - parfenogehsufe.-

CAP. LXXV.

4* tfftdua.1 repairiagr.mdsaing, and rendering tan-

'tmmmiht highways within thepanjb tf Ealing, in the seemly tf Middlesex; and j far lighting tbr fir at in Old Brentford within the find parish, frim the tuming towards Kew- Bridge, tt a fired salted The Half Acre.; -

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for continuing the term tf several acts for repairing the read, between Wymondham and Attleborough, in the county if Norfolk; and for amending the road from the end tf the town tlose, in tbs county of the city tf Norwich tt the chalk pits near ..Thetford, in the said country ^Norfolk.

CAP. LXXVII An at! ftr repairing and widening the read from Spemal Ash, in the county Warwick, through Studley, te a Jfreet sailed Dig* beth, in the town s/"Birmingham.

CAP. LXXVIn.

An act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of ft mcb of two aUs thade in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Firjly and in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing ibe road from Spittlegate Hill, near Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the county of Nottingham, as relates to the road leading frees Fofton Bridge, in the eeunty ^Lincoln, to Little Drayton, or the county^Nottingham.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of so mif an act made in the thirty fated year of the reign of his lea

m tnajefiy King George the Second, Jor repairing and widening tht.roads from Grantham in the county of Lincoln, through Bottefford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and from Chappel Bar, near the weji end of thi town ^Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the town of Derby; and from the guide poji in the parish ^Lenton, to Sawley Ferry, as relates to the road leading from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for erecting.and building two new churches, and providing burial places, in the town and parish of Liverpoole, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Hatton, near the borough of Warwick, through King's Nor-tQn, in the county of Worcester; and to the upper end of Gannow Green, in the parish of Bromsgrove, and to the Bell Inn, in the parish of Bell Broughton, in the said county ^Worcester.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act to explain, alter, and amende an act for repairing and widening several roads leading from between the second and third mile Jiones on the turnpike road between the town and county of Poole and Winborne Minder, in the county of Dorset, to Bratton Corner, in the county fl/'Somerset $ and for repairing and widen* ing the road from the turnpike road in Brainfton, to or near a house called Fontleroy's Farm House, in the county of Dorset.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Shaddon Gate, near Carlisle, to the present turnpike road at Mulaside; and from a place in the said turnpike road, between Binfey Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the turnpike road at Skillbeck, in the county of Cumberland.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for repairing the roads from Tunbridge Wells, in the county of Kent, to Swift's Den, in the parish of Etchingham; and/n?/7T Frant to Poflingworth Great Wood, adjoining to the turnpike road there, leading to Blackboys, in the county ^Sussex.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for paving the streets and other places in that part of the parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate which lies in the county of Middlesex, and part of a street called East Smithfield in the precinct of Saint Catherine; and for cleansing, lighting and watching the same, and preventing obstruction and annoyances therein.

CAP. LXXXVI/

An act for repairings widening, and keeping in repair, the road leadring from the high road between Bromley and Farnborough, in the county ^Kent, to Beggars Bush, in the turnpike road leading from Tunbridge Wells to Marcsfield, in the county of Sussex.

Amo septimo Georgii III. c. 87 — 9*. $17661

CAP. LXXXVU.

At alt to explain, amend, and render mere an made

in thefixf/enth and [eventtenth years King Charles the Second, intituled An act*6t for making divers rivers navigable, or otherwise pa (Table, for boats, barges, and other vessels, far at the same relates it the river Itching, running from Alresford, through Winchester, to the fra, near Southampton, and for better regulating the said navigation.

Cap. Lxxxvnr.

At aS to continue and render more effectual oils of parTto

tunt for repairing the high ways fromm that part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the parish of Kensington, in the county of Middlesex, leading through the towns tf Brentford Hounslow, to the powder mills, in the road to Staines; Cranford Bridge, in the said county, in the road to Colnbrook; aM

fir repairing, turning, or altering, the highway leading from the

food road, at or near the end of 8ion Lane, to the town worth, in the said county, and from thence to a gate on the fosttb side Teddington Field; and also the highway leading out of the said great road, near Small berry Green, to a boafe

known by the sign of The George, in the town of Isleworth afsrc-said; and for lighting and watering part of the/.

CAP. LXXaIX*

An act to repair and widen the road from Whitecross, to the tom ^Bridlington, in the east riding tf the county

An act for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or a of a penny sterling, upon every Scots of ale, or beer which shall be brewedfor sale, brought into, tapped, or fold within the town of Burrowftounness and liberties thereof, in the county of Linlithgow, and for extending the [ante over if Burrowstounness; far repairing the harbour of the town, and other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XCI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the brick kilns on East Mailing Heath, to the turnpike road on Pern bury Green, and froth Brand Bridges to the Four Wents, near Matfield Green, in the county of Kent.

CAP. XCII.

An act to repair and w: deh the roads from Whitchurch, in theeomty tf Salop, to the turnpike road between Nantwich, in the county ifChefter, and Nowcastle under Line; and from Hinstock to Nantwich aforesaid.

CAP. cxiii.

An act for making navigable the river Ure, from its junction with tkt river Swale, to the borough of Ripon, in York.

Cap. xciv.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late

intituled An act for repairing the road from Doncasier, through the parish of Pe-tttfibnt in the $punty of York, to Salter's in the county of Chefieriand also the road iron r, in the said county of venf, to Hartcliffe Hill, in the fold parish of Ptniston 5 end far making the said eft more effectual, ft far as the same relates to the said road between Rotherham and HartcliSe HUL

CAP. XCV.

An act for making navigable e brook tailed Codheck, river Swale, to the borough of Thirike, in the county York.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for making navigable the river Ouse, from Widdingtotl Ings, at or near Linton, to the junction of toe rivers Swale and Urej and for making navigable the said river Swale, from the said junction, to Mortem Bridge, and-also the brook running firm Bedale, into the river Swale, in the county of York.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for improving the navigation of the river Hull Frpd-ingham Beck, from Ake Beck Mouth, to the dough on the earner fl/Fidiol»e; and for extending the said navigation from the said dough, into or near the town of Great Driffield, in theetfjb riding of the county of York.

Cap. XCVIII.

An act for the more effectual draining the lands lying in the level of Ancholme, in the county of Lincoln, and making the river Ancholme navigable from the river Humber, at or near a plate tailed Ferraby Sluice, in the county of Lincoln, to the town of Glamford Briggs; and for continuing the said navigation up near to the said river, from thence (0 BUhop Briggs, in the said county of Lincoln.

CAP. XCIX.

An act for establishing and well-governing ageneral hofpkaltt Addcnbrooke's hospital in the town of Cambridge.

CAP. C.

An act to amend an act made in the fifth his present

for amending the road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March to Wisbech Saint Peter's; from thence to Tide Gote in the isle of Ely; and firm Wisbech through Outwell to Downham Bridge, in the county of Norfolk; for repealing the several acts for repairing the said road between Wisbech and March; and also for charging certain lands in Waldersea, and on Wisbech South Side, towards the repairs of the Waldersea, and South Side Banks, which before the pafjtng of the said act, were liable to such repairs,

CAP. CI.

An act to continue and render more effectual several ask of parliament, for repairing the roads in the

of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other parishes therein mentioned, in the county of Middlesex; and for lighting and watering the said roads; and for paving the street and highway and footways in Kensington; and for lighting and watching the same, and the courts and alleys adjoining thereto.

CAP. CII.

An act to son finite and render more effectual three acts fur repairing the highway* between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the county of Middlesex; and for amending the road leading from Brent bridge«ever Hanwell heathy through the parishes of Hanwell, New j Brentford, and Ealing, to the great western road, in the said county; and for lightings watching, and watering the highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits.

CAP. CIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the turnpike road in the town of Tenderden to and over Bull Green, and to and through the town of Great Chart to a house known by the fgn of the Castle at the entrance of the town of Ashford, in the county of Kent; and also the road leading from Bull Green aforesaid to Hothfield Heath 5 and also the road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through High Halden, to Dafhmanden in the parish of Biddenden, in the said county of Kent.

CAP. CIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Marchwie! in the county of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbury and Han-mcr, in the cowry of Flint, to a heuse in the pojftfpon of Thomas I Jenks, in Dodington, in the parish of Whitchurch, in the county of Salop, and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the county of Chester, and from Redbrook to Hampton in the said county of Salop.

CAP. CV.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the twenty ninth year of King George the Second, for making a road from the east side of the parish of Saint Matthew. Bethnal Green, in the county of Middlesex, to the east end ^Church-street, and ireptu a way into Shoreditch, and for repairings paving, and regulating, Old Cock-lane, New Cock lane, Church-street, and the road 1 on the weji side of the opening into Shoreditch, and for removing nuisances and obstructions therefrom, and preventing the same for the future.

---

CAP. CVI.

An act for repairing and widening several roads in the county of Ayr.

The End of the Twenty Seventh Volume.

