/

TH8

Statute# at large,

Anno Quadragesimo Quarto GEORGII III. REGIS:

BEING THE

SECOND SESSION of the SECOND

or THk

UNITED KINGDOM

•r

G BEAT* BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

VoL XLV. Parti.

TH*

Statutes at large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA,

TO THE END OF THE

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno i;6lt

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Esq.

Reader of the Law Lecture to that honourable Society.

YOL. XLV,

CAMBRIDGE;

FEINTED BY R- WATTS, AT THE UNIVERSITY PRESS,

(By Aaifnmect from the Executor of Mr. Charles Batburat,)

fOI J. JOHNSON, STf FAULTS CHURCH-YARD, G. AND J« ROBINSON, PATERNOSTBR-ROW, AND D* OGILVY AND SON, AT NO. 315, HOLBORN, LONDON.

1805.

Cum Privilegio.

A



TABLE

OF ALL

THE S TAT UTES

PASSED

In the FORTY-FOURTH YEAR of the Reign of, his Majefty

KING GEORGE IIL

BEING

The Second Seffion of the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

PUB LICK GENERAL ACTS,

Cap. i. A N aft to continue, until fix months after the rati&* JlV. cation of a definitive treaty of peace, the reftric-tions contained in feveral afb made in the thirty-feventh, thirty-eighth, forty-fecond, and forty-third years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, on payments of ca(h by the bank of England.

Cap. 2. An aft for granting to his Majefty the fum of eight thoufand pounds, for the prefent relief of certain curates in England.

Cap. 3. An a& to regulate the bonds tfiued by the Eajl India company, with refpeft to the rate of intereft, and the duty payable thereon.

Cap. 4. An aft to continue feveral laws relating to the fu-(pending the operation of two a£fc of the fifteenth and feven-teenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for reftraining the negociation of promiffory notes and bills of exchange under a limited fum in England} and to the prohibiting the exportation from and permitting the importation to GreauBritain of corn ; and for allowing the importation of other articles of provifion without payment of duty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five; and to the regulating the

Vox.. XLV.	b	trade

A TABLE of the STATUTES

trade and commerce to and from the ifle of Malta, until fij* months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of pekce.

Cap. 5. An aft to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, an ad, pafled in the lad feffion of parliament, for. difeontinuing certain drawbacks end bounties on the exportation of fugar from Great Britain^ * and for allowing ojher drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 6. An a$ for fufpending, until the firft day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and four, the operation of an a<£r* made in the iaft feffion of parliament, to continue and amenct two acts, made in the parliament of Ireland,, for reftraining the negotiation of pt omiffory notes and inland bills of exchange, undef a limited Turn, within Ireland.	4

Cap. 7. An'ad to indemnify fuch perfons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualifythemfelves for offices and employments ; and for extending the times limited for thofe purpofes refpe&ively, until the twenty-fifth day of December one cbou^ (and eight hundred and four; and to permit fuch perfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the firft day of Michaelmas term one thoufand eight hundred and four*

Cap. 8. An ad to. continue, until (lx weeks after the com-'mcncementof the next feffion of parliament, an ad made in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft to empower the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, to oppre-bend and detain fuch perfons as be or they Jbflllfufpeft for confpiring againft his Majejlys perfon and government, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion ofparliament.

Cap. 9. An ad to continue, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament, an ad polled in the Iaft feffion of parliament, intituled. An all for the fupprejfm of rebellion in Ireland* and for the proteftion of the perfons and property of his Maytfbfs faithful fubjetts there, to continue In force untilfix 'weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament.

Cap. 10. An ad to continue, until the twenty-fifth dav df March one thoufand eight hundred and five, feveral ads of die forty-firft, forty-feeond, and forty-third years of bis prefent Ma-jefty’s reign, for regulating the drawbacks and bounties on the 'exportation of fogar from Inland.

Capu ii- An ad for enabling the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland* to prohibit, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, the diftillatton of fpirits from oats or oatmeal in Ireland; and for indemnifying fuch perfons as have aded in advifing or carrying into execution a proclamation of the'lord lieutenant and council of Ireland for prohibiting fuch diftillation.

Cap-12* An ad to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of Martb one thoufand eight hundred and five, Co much of an ad, made in the forty-firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, as relates to the prohibiting the exportation from Ireland of corn of

potatoes.

(PMick General) 44 GEO. III.

potatoes, or other provtfiom; and to the permitting the imports* tion into Inland of com, fiih, and provifions, without payment of duty*

Cap 13. An ad to prevent the dotation and efcape of petty officers. Teamen, and others,from his Majefty's fervice, by means or under colour of any civil or criminal proceft.

Cap. 14. An ad to amend two ads, pa (Ted in the forty-firft sad forty-third years of the rejgn of his prefent Majefty, for permuting Portugal wine to be landed and warehoufed in the United Kingdom 5 and to allow Spanijb wine to be fo landed and ware* houfcd.

Cap. 15. An ad for raifing the fum of five millions by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of fitch aids or fopplies as have been or (hall be granted by parliament for the fervice of Great Britain^ for the year one thoufand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 16. Ana# for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 17.. An ad for continuing and granting to his Majefty d duty On petitions, offices, and perfonal eftates, in England; and certain duties on fugar, malt, tobacco, and (huff, in Great Bri+ tain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred and four.

Cap. iS. An ad to explain and amend two alts, pafled in thd forty-fecond and forty-third years of the r*jn of his prefent Majefty, relating to volunteers and yeomanry corps in Great Britain.

Cap. 19. An ad for punUhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap* 20. An a d for the regulation of his Majefty’s royal marine forces while on (bore.

Cap. 21. An ad to continue, until three months after any re-ftridfon impofed by any ad of the prefent feflion of parliament on the bank of England from iftuing cafh in payments (hall ceafe, an ad, made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-fcventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for confirming and continuing the reftridions on payments in ca(h by the bank of Ireland, and aifo an ad made in the forty-third yeas of tht reign of his prefent Majefty for amending the faid ad.

Cap. 22. An ad to indemnify all perfons who have been concerned in ifluing or carrying into execution an order of the fords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury for permitting the exportation of feed corn to Portugal from Great Britain. -

Cap. 23. An ad for allowing veflels employed in the Green-land whale fifliery, and clearing out from any port in Great Bri-tansy to complete their full number of men at certain ports for' die prefent feafon.

Cap. 24. An ad/pr further continuing, until the twenty-fifth* day of MdttrtB one thoufand eight hundred and fix, an ad made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent M ijefty, for ren-

b 2	dcring

A TABLE of the STATUTES

dering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

Cap. 25. An alt to enable his Majefty to grant the inheritance, in fee Ample, of certain manors, meffuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the pariflies of ByfleeU Weybridge,, Walton, Walton Leigh, and Chertfey, in the county of Sitrry, to his royal higbnefs Frederick duke of York and Albany, for a valuable confideration.

Cap. 26. An all for charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, certain rates and duties, and for allowing certain bounties and drawbacks upon goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland\ and alfo for charging certain inland duties of excife and taxes in Ireland in lieu of former rates, duties, and taxes, bounties and drawbacks.

Cap. 27. An alt for charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, certain increafed countervailing duties on the importation into Ireland, of the fe-veral goods, wares, and merchandize therein mentioned, being the growth, produce, or roanufallurc of Great Britain; and for allowing increafed drawbacks on the exportation to Great Britain of the federal articles therein mentioned, being the mami-failure of Ireland.

Cap. 28. An all for granting to his Majefty a duty upon malt made in Ireland^ for the year one thoufand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 29. An all for permitting, until the fifth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and five, the importation of hides, calve Ikins, horns, tallow, and wool (except cotton wool), in foreign (hips, on payment of the like duties as if imported in Britijb or Irijh (hips.

Cap.'30. An alt to revive and continue, until eight months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, an alt, made in the forty-fecond year of his prefent Majefty, for repealing fc-veral alls relating to the admiffion of certain articles of merchandize in neutral (hips, and to the ifluing orders in council for that purpofe, and for making other provifions in lieu thereof 3 and alfo to indemnify all perfons who have been concerned in ifluing or carrying into execution orders of council for permitting the importation of certain goods from America in neutral (hips*

Cap. 31. An all for'raifing the further futn of two millions by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of fuch aids or fupplies as have been or (hall be granted by parliament for the fervice of Great Britain, for the year one thoufand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 32. An all for empowering his Majefty, for a time and to an extent therein limited, to accept the fervices of fuch parts of his militia forces in Ireland as may voluntarily offer themfelves to be employed in Great Britain.

Cap. 33. An all for empowering his Majefty to direH the augmentation of his militia forces in Ireland^ to an extent therein limited.

Cap. 34.

(Pubfick General) 44 GEO. III.

Cap. 34. An ad to amend an ad, palled in the laft feffion of parliament, for making provifion for the wives and families of militia men of Ireland.

Cap. 35. An ad to amend and continue feveral laws relating to the allowing the importation of rape-feed and other feeds ufed for extrading oil, whenever the prices of middling Brittjh rape-feed fhall be above a certain limit; to the allowing the importation of feal (kins cared with foreign fait free of duty to the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and nine, and to foe encouragement of the Greenland whale fifheries, td the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred and fot; and to continue feveral laws relating to the allowing the ufe of felt, duty free, in the preferving of nfh in balk or in barrels; and to the difeontinuing the bounty payable on white herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and nine ; to the permitting fir fVilliam Bijhop, George Bijkzpi and Argles Bijhop, to carry on the manufacture of Matd-fime geneva, to the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and nine; and to the admifiion to entry of oil and blubber of Newfoundland\ taken by his Majefty’s lubjefts carrying on the fishery from and refidmg in the faid ifland, 15 the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred and five.

Cap. 36. An aft to amend and continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and feven, fo much of an aft, made in the forty-nrft year of his prefent Ma-jefty, as relates to allowing Britijh plantation fugar to be ware-houfed. *

Cap. 37. An aft to repeal fo much of an aft, palled in the laft feffion of parliament, for granting to his Majcfty a contribution on profits arifing from property, profeffions, trades, and offices, as requires attomies, agents, and faftors, to retain and pay the duties chargeable upon publick annuities; and to extend the times for hearing appeals on afleflments or furcharges made in purfuance of the laid aft.

Cap. 38. An aft for increafing the rates of fubfiftence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering foldiers.

Cap. 39. An aft for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in Great Britain for the year one thouland eight hundred and four.

Cap. 40. An aft to revive and further continue, until the tventy-fifth day of March one thouland eight hundred and five, aid amend fo much of an aft, made in the thirty-ninth and for-* tieth years of his prefent Majefty, as grants certain allowances to adjutants and feijeant majors of the militia of Englandy dif-embodied under an aft of the fame feffion of parliament.

Cap. 41 ~ An aft for defraying, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hunched and five, the charge of the piyand cloathing of die militia of Ireland; for holding courts-martial on feijeant-majors, feijeants, corporals, and drummers, lor offences committed during the time fuch militia {hall not be embodied; and for making allowances in certain cafes to fubalterr* officers of die (aid militia during peace.

r*«»n i ^ .

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap. 42. An aft to amend an aft, made in the fortyJeooi2«i year of his prefent Majefty, to amend die laws for the better regulation of the linen manufafture in Ireland.

Cap* 43. An aft to enforce the-due abfervance of the canona *nd ruorick refpefting the ages of perfons to be admitted into the facred orders or deacon and prieft.

Cap. 44. An aft to exempt veflels in the Newfoundland traadc from the provifions of an aft* paffed in the laft feffion of parliaments for regulating veflels carrying paflengers from the United Kingdom.	.

Cap. 45. An aft for ratting the fum of eight millions by Iosum or exchequer bills, for the lervice of Great Britain far the year one thoufand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 46. An aft for ratting the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of Great Britain for the year one thoufand eight hundred an4 four.

Cap. 47. An aft for railing the fum of fourteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds by way of annuides.

Cap. 48. An aft for raiung a certain fum of money by way of annuides or debentures, for the fervice of Ireland.

Cap. 49. An aft for granting to his Majefty, until twelve mouths after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties of exette on wine imported into Great Britain.

Cap. 50. An aft to revive and continue, until the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, an aft, made in the laft feffion of par* Jiament, for providing for the more fpeedy completion of the efta-bliiliment of officers in the militia of Great Britain; and for fa-, cilitating the filling up vacancies therein.

Cap. 51. .An act for making allowances in certain cafes to fub-altern officers of the militia in Great Britain^ while difembodied.

Cap. 52. An.a£t to alter and amend fo much of an aft, pafled in the thirty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the amount of the fums to be paid by perfons compounding for tb* performance of ftatute duty.

Cap. 53. Ad aft for granting to his Majefty, during the pre* fent war, and for fix months after the expiration thereof by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, into Great Britainand on goods, wares, and merchandize, brought or carried coaftwife, within Great Britain.

Cap. 54. An aft to confblidate and amend the provifions of the feveral afts relating to corps of yeomanry and volunteers in Great Britain; and to make further regulations relating thereto.

Cap. 55. An a ft for more effeftually preventing the fale of ex# cifeable liquors in Scotland by perfons not duly licenfed; and for altering the times of granting licences to fell fuch excifeable liquors by retail.

Cap. 56. An aft for eftabljfhing and maintaining a permanent additional force for the defence of the realm, and to provide for

'	aug-

- {Publick General) 44 GEO. TIL'

augmenting his Majefty’s regular forces: and for die gradefef n* da6kk» of the militia of England.

Cap. 57. An ad to exempt from duties on export all linens of die manufadure of the United Kingdom.

Cap. 58. An ad for direding certain publick accounts of /rw land to be laid annually before parliament.

Cap. 59. An ad to indemnify i'olicitors, attornies, and others^ who have neglected to enter certificates Within the time limited by an ad made in the thirty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty; and to amend fo much of the faid ad as relates to the entering fuch certificates.

Cap. 60. An ad for the preventing of bribery and corruption in the dedion of members to ferve in parliament for the borough of Aylejbvry in the county of Buckingham*

Cap. 61. An ad to amend two ads, made in the eighteenth and thirty-ninth years of his prefent Majefty, for the ercdrng a court-bode for the bolding of feffiom of the peace in the city of Weft-tninjler; and for purchafing certain buildings and ground between Saint Margaret Street, Union Street, and Ring Street, in the faid city, for the ufe of the publick.

Cap. 62. An ad for making further provifion for making and maintaining an inland navigation, commonly called 7X* Caledonian Canal, from the Eaftem to the Weftem Sea by bevtrnefs and Fort William, in Scotland«

Cap. 63. An ad for vefting die capital mefluage, with the appurtenances, (ituate in Kevin Street, in the city of Dublin, called The Palace of the Archbijhop of Dublin at Saint Sepulchre's, in hfe Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors; and for applying the purchafc money, together with another fum therein mentioned* in manner and for the purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 64. An ad to continue* until the firft day of July one thoubnd eight hundred and five, the operation of an ad, pafled in the left lemon of parliament, To fufpend proceedings m adione, profecutions, and proceedings, under certain ads relating to the woollen manufadure, and alfo under an ad of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, fo far as the fame relates to certain perfons employed or concerned in the faid manufadure.

Cap. 65. An ad to continue, until the firft day of July one thoufifend eight hundred and five, an ad pafled in the laft feffion of parliament, for continuing two ads, the one pafTed in the forty-fecond year of his prefent Majefty, for regulating the prices at which gram, meal, and flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and the other, made in die laft feffion of parliament, for permitting the exportation of feed com from Great Britain to Ireland, and the importation of malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

Cap. 66. An ad for eftablifhing and maintaining a permanent additional force for the defence of the realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majefty *s regular forces, and for the gtadual re-dudion of he militia of Scotland.

Cap. 67. An ad for granting to his Majefty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, certain

A TABLE of the STATUTES

duties on the importation of the goods, wares, and merchandize* herein mentioned, into Ireland, and alfo certain duties of excife or fpirits, malt, and tobacco, in Ireland; and for theincreafe of certain publick revenues in Ireland, by making the fame payable in Britifh currency.

Cap. 68. An aft for granting to his Majefty certain {lamp duties in Ireland.

Cap. 69, An aft to amend the laws for regulating the linen ma.-nufafture of Ireland.

Cap. 70. An a ft to enable his Majefty to authorife the exportation of the machinery necefiary for erefting a mint in tHe dominions of the King of Denmark.

Cap, 71. An aft to prevent the counterfeiting of filver coin iflued by the governor and company of the bank of England, called Dollars, and filver coin which may be iflued by the governor and ^company of the bank of Ireland, called Tokens; and to .prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any counterfeit dollars or tokens.

Cap. 72. An aft for allowing the fale of certain Eajl India prize goods in the port of Liverpool.

Cap. 73. * An aft to enable the lords commifitoners of his Ma-jefty’s treafury of Great Britain to iflue exchequer bills on the credit of fuch aids or fppplies as have been or {hall be grauted by parliament for the fervice of Great Britain for the year one thou-fand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 74. An aft for eftabliftiing and maintaining a permanent additional force to be raifed in Ireland, for the defence of the realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majefty’s regular forces.

Cap. 75. An aft for enabling fubjefts of foreign fetes to enlift as foldiers in his Majefty’s fervice, and for enabling his Majefty to grant coramiffions to fubjefts of foreign dates to ferve as officers or as engineers, under certain reftriftions; and to indemnify all per-fons who may have advifed his Majefty to enlift any fuch foldiers, or grant any fuch cotnmiflions as aforefaid.

Cap. 76. An aft for fettling and fecuring a certain annuity on the vifeountefs Kilwarden, and on the family of the late Arthur lord vifeount Kilwarden.

Cap. 77. An aft to rendej* valid certain marriages folcmnifed in Certain churches and publick chapels in which banns had not ufu-ally been ppbliftied before or at die time of paifing an aft, made in the twenre-fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled; An aft for the better preventing of clandejline marriages.

Cap. 78. An $ia for making compenfation to the proprietors of certain lands apd hereditaments, fituate at fVeedon Beck in the county of Northampton, purchafed in purfuance of an aft, made in the forty-third year of his prefent Majefty, for erefting buildings thereop for the fervice of his Majefty’s ordnance.

Cap. 79. An aft to veft certain roefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments in truftees, for better fecuring his Majefty'’s

docks,

{Publuk General) 44 GEO. III.

Jocks, Slips, and ftores, ar Chatham, and for the ufe of his Majefty *s ordnance at Worley Common and ffbolwich.

Cap. 8o. An aft for the better fop port of his Majefty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of the United. Kingdom 5 and for preventing accumulation of arrears in the payments out of the civil lift revenues.

Cap. 81. An aft for enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of two millions five hundred thoufand pounds for the ufe and purpofes therein mentioned*

Cap. 8a. An aft to obviate certain inconveniences which have been experienced in the accountant-general's office in the court of chancery, in the execution of an aft made in the lalt feffion of parliament, for granting a contribution on the profits anting from property, profeflions, trades, and offices.

Cap. 83. An aft for regulating the appointment of commif-tioners to aft in the execution of an aft of the laft feffion of parliament, for granting to his Majefty a contribution on the profits artfing from property, profeffions, trades, and offices.

Cap. 84. An aft to permit certain perfons in the office of ordnance, and the quarter-mafter general, to fend and receive letters free from the duty of poftage $ and to enable the board of ordnance, the adjutant-general, the quarter-mafter general, and the barrack-mafter general, to authorife perfons in their offices to fend letters free from the faid duty.

Cap. 85. An aft for further continuing, for feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, an aft made in the twelfth year of his prefent Majefty, for encouraging the manufacture of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of fuch bark (hall exceed a certain rate.

Op* 86. An aft for reviving, amending, and further con-tinuing feveral laws relating to the more efteftual encouragement of the Britijb fifheries, until the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and fix ; and to the encouragement of the trade and manufactures of the IJle of Man, to the improving the revenue thereof, and the more effeftual prevention of fmug-gling to and from the faid ifland until the fifth day of July one tiioufand eight hundred and five.

Cap. 87. An aft to amend an aft pafled in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for fettling difputes that may arife between mafters and workmen engaged in the cotton manufacture in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 88. An aft for explaining and amending feveral afts relating to hackney coaches employed as ftage coaches, and for indemnifying the owners of hackney coaches who have omitted to take out licences, purfuant to an aft made in the twenty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty.

Cap. 89. An aft for confirming the provifions of an aft, made in Ireland in the thirty-fecond year of his prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame prohibits the import of malt into Ireland;

apd

A TABLE of the STATUTES

abd for repealing the power given to the lord-lieuteAant tnd council of Inland^ by an ad of this prefent feffion of parliament'* prohibiting the ufe of oats and oatmeal, in the diftijlation of* spirits in Inland.

Cap, 90. An ad to continue, until feven years after th^ palling thereof and from thence to the end of the next feffion off parliament, an ad, made in the parliament of Inland in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An 08 fair the better execution of the law and prefervation of the peace witbie* counties at large.

Cap, 91. An ad to permit the ilTue and negociation of cer-* tain promiffory notes, under a limited fum, by regiftered bankers in Ireland 1 and to reftrain the iffue and negociation of centain other notes.

Cap. 9a. An ad to render more eafy the apprehending, and bringing to trial, offenders efcaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and alfo from one county to another.

Cap. 93. An ad for granting to his Majefty a fum of money, to be railed by lotteries.

Cap. 94. An ad to explain an ad of the prefent feffion of parliament, for confalidating and amending the provifions of the feveral ads relating to corps of yeomanry and volunteers in Great Britain, lb far as refpeds the accounting for monies re* ceived by volunteer officers.

Cap. 95. An ad to amend certain of the provifions of an ad, made in the forty*third year of his prefent Majefty, to enable his Msyefty to provide for the defence and fecurity of the realm, which refped the purchafe of lands and hereditaments for the publick fervice.

Cap. 96. An ad to alter, amend, and render more effedual, an ad, palled in the prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for eftdblijhing and maintaining a Permanent additionalfarce for the defence of the realm) and to provide for augmenting bis Mdjefifs regular forces \ and for the gradual reduction of the militia of England j fb far as the fame relates to the city ot London.

Cap. 97. An ad for railing the fum of1 eight hundred thou* fand pounds Irijb currency, by treafury bills, for the fervice of Ireland, for the year one thouland eight hundred and four.

Cap. 98. An ad to repeal the feveral duties under the com-miffioners for managing the duties upon damped vellum, parch* ment, and paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 99. An ad for granting additional annuities to the proprietors of ftock created by two ads, psfied in the thirty-feventh and forty-fecond years of his prefent Majefty.

Cap. 100. An ad for warehoufing goods within the limits of certain docks made under an ad, palled in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An a& for making wet docks, bafons, cut*) and other works, for the greater accommodation and fecurity of Jhipping, commerce, and revenue within the port rf London; and to make regulations relating to the faid docks.

Cap. 101*

{PvbSck Central) 44 GEO. III.

Cap. 101. An ad for permitting, until the firft day of Augu/t one thoufand eight hundred and (even, the exportation of fait from the pjrtof Naffien m the ifland of Neiu Providence, the port of £xumay and the port of Crooked IJIand, in the Bahama iflands, in (hips belonging to the inhabitants of the United States of America, and coining in ballaft.

Cap. 10a. An ad for the more effe&ual adminiftratioii of juific* in thofe parts of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, by the i Ailing of writs of Habeas Corpus ad tejlifieandum, in certain cafes.

Capw 103. An tEt for making further regulations for the better collection and fecurity of bis Majefty’a revenue of cut tom* and cxcifc in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein.

Cap. 104. An ad to permit, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, the warehoufing of ipirks in Ireland for exportation 5 for charging a duty on the fame when taken out for home confumption j and to regulate the exportation to Great Britain of fuch fpirits as (hall not be warehoufed.

Cap. 105. An ad to continue, until the twenty-ninth day .of September one thoufand eight hundred and five, feveral ads for the better collection and fecurity of his Majefty’s revenue ift Ireland 1 and for preventing frauds therein.

Cap. io6. An ad for appointing, until the firft day of Augufi one thoufand tight hundred and five, commiffioners to enquire into the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments, which are or have been lately received in the feveral publick offices in Ireland therein mentioned; to examine into any abufes which may exift in the fame; and into the prefent mode of receiving, coUc&iog, ifiuing, and accounting for publick money in Ire-land.

Cap. 107. An ad for making compenfation to the proprietors of certain lands and hereditaments, fituate at Woolwich and Charlton in the county of Kenty porchafed in pursuance of three favcral ads of parliament, made in the forry-fecond and forty-third years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for promoting the fervice of hisJVlajefty’s ordnance.

Cap. 108. An ad for the relief of certain infolvent debtors.

Cap. 109. An ad to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, and the bounties and duties payable thereon.

Cap. fio. An ad for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the eonfolidated fund of Great Britain; and for applying a certain fum of money therein mentioned for the fervice of Croat Britain, for the year one thoufand eight hun~ ini usd four; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted jo fats fcffion o£ parliament.

LOCAL

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i.	XT'OR keeping in repair the roads leading from Saint f	Dunjlan's	Crofs to North Lone, near to the city of

Canterbury, and to the fea-fide at	in	the county of

Kent.

2. For railing a further fum of money for carrying into execution an ad, palled in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making wet docks, bafons, cuts, and other works, for the greater accommodation and fecurity of (hipping, commerce, and revenue, within the port of London.

3.	For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two ads, palled in the fourth and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from bramcole Odd

in the county of Nottingham, to the crofs pod upon Smalley Common, in the county of Derby; and other roads therein mentioned.

4.	To continue and amend an ad, paffed in the twentieth year of the reign.of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from the Trent Bridge,in the county of the town of Nottingham to Cotes Bridge, in the county of Leitefter.

5.	For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of two alts, paffed in the fecond and fifth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from Mullen*t Pond, in the county of Southampton, to the eighteen mile ftone from the city of Salijbury, and feveral other roads in the laid ads mentioned.

6.	To enable John Boydell efquire, one of the aldermen of the city of Loudon, and Jofiah Boydell, his nephew and partner, to difpofe of their collection of paintings, drawings, and engravings, together with their leasehold premifes in PaU Mad, called The Shakjpeare Gallery, by way of chance.

7.	For railing a further fum of money for carrying into execution an ad, palled in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An afl for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the port of London ; and another ad pafted in the fortv-fecond year of the faid reign, to alter and amend the firft mentioned ad,

8.	For paving the footways and crofspaths, and for cleanling, lighting, watching, and regulating the ftreets and other publick paflages and places, within the borough of St. Alban, in the county of Hertford. ■

9.	For enabling the company of proprietors of the Rochdale Canal more effedually to provide for the difeharge of their debts, and to complete the whole of the worlds to be executed

by

[Locals Per final9 to be judicially noticed) 44 GEO. Ill#

bf them, m purfuance of the feveral ad's paffed for making and maintaining the faid^anal.

10.	For continuing the term, and enlarging and altering the powers, of two a£h, made in the fecond and twenty-fecond years of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from Afhborne in the county of Derby, to Leek in the county of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Rujhton Common, to Congleton in the county of defter.

11.	To alter and amend two ads, paffed in the nineteenth and thirty-fifth years of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the roads from Wigan to Prefion, in the county palatine of £j«-cejier.

12.	For enlarging the term and powers of two ads, made in tbe third and twenty-third years of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from the town of Stafford to Sandon in the county of Stafford, and feveral other roads in the counties of Salop and Stafford\ fo far as the fame relate to the third diftrid of roads therein mentioned.

13.	For continuing the term and altering the powers of two ads, of tbe twenty-eighth year of King Georre the Second, and tbe twenty-feventh year or his prefent Majefty, fo far as relate to the roads from the Hand and Pojl at the top of Burford Lane, in the county of Gleucefter, to Stow on tbe Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from the Crofs Hands on Salford HilL, in the county of Oxford, to the Hand and Pojl in the pariih of IVith'mgtm, in the county of Gloucejler.

14.	For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two ads, paffed for repairing the roads from a place called LittUgate, at the top of Leadenham Hill, in the county of Lincoln, to the weft end of Barnby Gate, in Nnuark-upon-Trenty and from the guide poft, at tbe divifion of Kelham and Mujkbam lanes, to Mamfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in tbe county of Nottingham \ and for repairing the road from the weft fide of Newark Bridge, to the faid guide poft.

15.	For draining and improving certain fen lands and low grounds, within the parifties of Rapifey and Bury, in the county of Huntingdon.

16.	For the better amending and repairing of the roads leading from the lower market-houfe in Taviftock, to Old Town Gate, in the borough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, in the county of Devon.

17.	To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two ads, paffed for amending the road from the north gate of the city of IPincbeJler, over Worthy Cowdown, to Newtown River, and alfo tjie road from Worthy Cowdown aforefaid, to the turnpike road at Andover, in the county of Southampton.

18.	To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two ads, paffed for repairing and widening the roads from Whitecburch, in the county of Salop* to the road between Nant-mb, and Newcajlle* under-Lyne, and from Hinjiock to Nantwieh aforefaid.

19.	Fcr

A TABLE of the STATUTES

19,	For paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the ftreets* lanes, and other publick paffages and places within the'town of Milton next Sittinghome, in the county of Kent; and for remov'— ing and preventing encroachments, ©bftruflions, nuifances, and annoyances therein.

20.	For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of twoadts, of the fecond and twenty*third years of has prefent Majefty, for amending the road from Hefket by tew*f Bridge to Cockermoutb, and other roads therein mentioned, in the feveral counties of Cumberland and Wtftmorland.

. 21. For continuing the term and enlarging the powers of fo much of an ad, made in the twenty-ninth year of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the road from Montrofe to Brechin in the county of Forfar.

22.	For the better defraying the charges of preferring the peace within the city of Dublin, and the diftrid thereof, and eftablifh-ing a parochial watch therein.

23.	For further 'increafing the capital flock of the governor and company of the bank of Scotland.

24.	For more cfFe&ually repairing and improving tbe road from Stockport in the county of Chtjler, to Saxon’s Lam End, in the county palatine of Lancafter, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Cbe/ler and Lancajler, and in the county of York.

25.	For the better amending and repairing the road leading from a certain ftone which divides the liberties of Ranton and EUenhaU, in the county of Stafford, through Sutton, to the lVbit-church*turnpike road, near Newport, in the county of Salop, and feveral other roads in the counties of Salop and Stafford.

26.	For amending, widening, improving and keeping in repair,' the road leading from Barton Bridge in the parilh of Seeks, into and through the townlhip of Worftey, to a place called Mopes Gate, in tbe townlhip of Farnworib, all in tbe county palatine of Lancafter.

• 27. For railing sn additional fum of money for carrying into execution feveral alts for widening the entrance into the city of London near Tempk Bar, for making a more commodious ftreet at Snow Hilly and for railing, on the credit of the orphan's fund, certain fums of money for thofe purpofes; and alfo for enlarging the powers of the laid a£h.

28.	To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two alts, paffed in the thirty-third year of his kte Majefty, and in the twenty-fecond year of his prefent Majefty, for amend-* ing the road from Bawtry to Sheffield^ and from Sheffield to the ftmth fide of IVertley, in the county of York, where it Joins the turnpike1 road leading from Rotherham to Manchejler, fo far as the fame relates to the road from Bawtry aforefaid to Tin/ey, and through part of the town of Tinjby to the place where the1 feme joins the road from Rotherham to Sheffield.

29.	For enabling the company of proprietors of the Brecknock and Abergavenny canal to raife a further fum of money for completing

{Local & Pcrfonal, to be judicially noticed) 44 GEO. ITT.

pictiog the (aid canal, and the works thereunto belonging; and fcr altering and enlarging the powers of an adt, made in the thirty-third year of his prefent Majefty, for making the laid canal.

30. For continuing the term and powers of two adlst of the third and twenty-third years of his prefent Majefty, fo far as rc-late to the road leading f.om the town of Stafford to Sandon, in the county of Stafford, and from the (aid town of Stafford through and Ecclejhall,, to a place called Inlaws Crofs, near

Wm, in the county of Salop \ and from Bridgford aforefaid, to a certain ftone which divides the liberty of Ranton and Ellen-Mi in the road between BriJgford and Newport, being the firft difttid of roads in the faid ads mentioned.

31.	For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two a&s, made in the fecond and twenty-third years of bis prefent Majefty, for repairing the feveral roads leading from Qeobury Mortimer, The Crofs Houfes, Glavuley, and the turn-pike gate on Abberley Hill, in the counties of Salop and Worce/Ur•

3a. For vetting in new truftees the eftates of the right honourable Arthur Saunders'tarl of Arran, and the honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Vifount Sudley, in the counties of Wexford, Mnyo, Sligo, and Donegall, which have not been difyofed of by virtue of an a<St of parliament, made in Ireland in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An afl for the more effeliually raifing a fuffuient fum of money for iifeborging the debts and incumbrances affecting certain lands in tie emits ^Wexford, Mayo, Sligo, ana Donegall, the ejiates of the right honourable Arthur Saunders, earl of Arran, and the honourable Atthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Vifcouot Sudley, merit of the debts now due by them rcfpe&ivily, and for

:!oGng lands in the townfhip of Leavening, in the panJh of Actions, in the eatt riding of the county of York.

34.	For empowering the juftices of the peace for the county of Luckier, at their general quarter feffions of the peace, to make a fair and equal county rate for the faid county.

35.	For enabling the company of proprietors of the Woreejtof and Birmingham canal navigation to raife money to difebarge their debts, and to complete the faid canal navigation, and for amending the feveral ads patted for making the laid canal navigation.

36.	To continue and render more effectual two ads, patted in (he thirty-third year of his late Majefty, and the twenty, tecoud year of his prefent Majefty, for laying a duty of two pen*, me* Scots, or one fixth part of a penny rterling, on every Scots pint of ale or beer brewed for fale or vended within the town and parilh of Dalkeith ; for paving, cleaning, and lighting the ftreeqi of the laid town ; and for erecting a new publick market therein.

37.	For altering and enlarging the term and powers of an all, made in the forty-Tecond year of nis prefent Majefty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering feveral roads tp

com mu-

A TABLE of the STATUTES

communicate with the Weft India docks, in the Ifte of Dogs* _ ii the county of Middlefex\ and alfo, of feveral ads for repairing the Cannon Street Road* in the faid county; and alfo, for malcingj maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering a new brand* t< communicate with the Eqft India docks,

38.	For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of*n ad, pafied for repairing the road from the town oJ Brecon through the town of /fay, to the Builth and Hay turnpike road near Llyfwen, in the county of Brecon; and for more effectually repairing the road leading from the Furnace turnpike gate to the gate leading to Garthbrengy Common, in the faid county.

39.	To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of two ads, palled for repairing the roads from the town of Brecon to the parilh of Brobury, and to Whitney Pajfage, in the county of Hereford, fo far as relates to fuch of the roads, comprifed in the faid ads, as lie in the county of Hereford.

40.	For amending and keeping in repair the road.from the Dudley turnpike road, near the houfe called The Swan Inn* in the parilh of Weft Bromwich, in the county of Stafford, to the houfe called The Horfe and Jockey* in the parilh of Sutton Coldfield* in the county of Warwick•

41.	For veiling in John Henry Maw, efquire, in fee fimple, certain eftates comprifed in an ad of parliament, of the forty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An a& far veiling the fettled eftates of John Henry Maw, of Warmfworth, in the county ofYork, efquire, in truftees to be fold* andfor laying out the clear monies thence ariftng* under the direction of the court of chancery* in the parchafe of other eftates* to be fettled in lieu thereof* and to the fame ufes\ and for, by the prefent ad, fettling a fee fimple eftate of him the faid John Henry Maw, of greater value, to the ufes of the will of Dorothy Shawe, deceafed, in lieu of the faid firft-mentioncd eftates.

42.	For inclofing lands in the manor and parilh of Haddifece, in the county of Norfolk.

43.	For continuing the term of an ad, pafied in the twenty-third year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from Wetherby to Knarefborough, in the county of York.

44.	To enable the right honourable George Talbot, lord Dynevor* and other psrfons, claiming under the will of the late right honourable Cecil baronefs Dynevor, to grant building leafes of certain lands in the parilh of Merthyr Tydvtl* in the county of Glamorgan, being part of the eftates devifed by the faid will.

45.	For the better regulating and improving the filheries in the arm of the fea between the county of Cumberland, and the counties of Dumfries and Wigton, and the ftewartry of Kirkcudbright, and alfo the filheries in the feveral ftreams and waters which run into, or communicate with, the faid arm of the fea.

46.	For enabling the company of proprietors of the Thames and Medway canal to vary the line of the faid canal, and to raife a further fum of money for completing the faid canal, and the works thereunto belonging, and for altering and enlarging the

powers

(Local & Perfonal\ to be judicially noticed) 43 GEO. Ilf.

powers of an aS, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth year of the reign of his prefect Majefty, for making the faid canal, and a collateral cut thereto.

47.	For the better governing, maintaining, and employing the poor of the parifli of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlefex, for providing a new workhoufc for the ufe of the faid parifh, for appointing collectors of the rates, and for other purpofes therein mentioned*

48.	To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the power* of two adls, pafled in the feventh and twenty fourth years of his prefent Majefty, for the amending, repairing, and widening Jeveral roads in the counties of Radnor and Hereford, in the faid ads mentioned, and alfo for amending, widening, repairing, and diverting other roads in the faid county of Radnor.

49.	For more effectually amending the road leading from the New Wall, on the Parade, in the townfhip of CaJlletony in the parifh of Rochdale, through Middleton % to the Mere Stone, in the town (hip of Great Heaton, and to the town of Manchester % all in the county palatine of Lancajler.

50.	For repairing, improving, maintaining, and widening, the road branching out of the great north road by the guide-poft at the fouth end of 8pittiegate> in the parifh of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the turnpike-road at or near Bridge Endy in the fame county.

51.	For altering and amending feverel adte, for making and repairing turnpike roads, in the county of Haddington; for amending other roads branching therefrom; and for rendering more efte&ual the ftatute labour within the faid county. *

52.	For altering, amending, and consolidating feveral afls, for making and repairing turnpike roads, in the counties of Rttfrew, Lanark, and 4yr\ repairing other roads branching therefrom; and amending an a£t, pafled in the thirty-fccond

Cof his prefent Maiefty, for making effe&ual the ftatutp ar in the county of Renfrew.

53.	For better paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching, the ftreets, lanes, and other public^ paflagesand places, within the parifli of Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the county of Kent% and for removing and preventing encroachments, obftru&ions, nuHances, and annoyances therein.

54.	To enable the company of proprietors of the Ellefmtrt canal to mAc a railway from Ruabon Brook to the Ellefmero canal, at or near the aquedudt at Pontcyfylltee, in the parifh of IkngoBenj in the county of Denbigh; and alfo, to make feveral cots of feeders for tetter fopfdying the faid canal with water.

55.	For making and maintaining a railway or tramroaJ from fee town of Swcmfea% into the parifli of Oyjlfrmoutk% in the county of Glamorgan.

56.	For amending and enlarging jtbe powers of two ads; paScd for.prefcrying the harbour of Swanfea, in the county of Gfamorgan% and -for farther improving the fame.

57.	Tor moee equally and cfte&iurily aflefiing and coRe&tihg Vot.XLV.	c	Ac

A TABLE of the STATUTES the poor rates within the pariih of Saint Mary Stratford Bow» in the county of Middlefex.

. 58. For lighting the ftreets, lanes, and other publick paflages and places, within the city of CarliJU, in the county of Cumber-land\ and the fuburbs of the faid city; for paving the foot-paths of the ftreets of the faid city and luburbs; and for otherwife improving the faid city.

59.	For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two adts, pafled in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late Majefty, and the nineteenth year pt the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending the roads leading from the weft end of Upton Bridge, in the county of IVorceJler, to the pariih of Tirley, in the county of GlouteJlcr% and other roads in the (aid adts mentioned; and for amending the road leading from the IVhitc Crofiy in the pariih of Hanley Cajlle, in the faid county, to the river Severn.

60.	For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two adts, paffed in the firft and twenty-fecond years of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, and from Highgate to Market Broughf all in the county of IVeJlmorland.

. 61. For reviving, continuing, and enlarging the powers of two adts, pafled for amending the road leading from Pengatey in the pariih of Wejlbury, to Latcbett't Bridge, near the eaft end of Market Laving ton, and other roads in the faid adts defcribed, all in the county of lVilts% fo far as the faid adts relate to the roads comprifcd in the fecond diftridt therein mentioned.

62.	For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an adt, of the twenty-fecond year of his prefent Majefty, for amending the road leading from the JVtlUrJley turnpike road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Hereford and Worcefler.

63.	For enlarging the term and powers of two adts, of the fifth and twenty-fixth years of his prefent Majefty* for amending the road from the north end of Old Malton Gatey in the town and borough of New Malton^ to the town of Pickerings in the county of York.

64.	For reviving the term, and continuing, altering, and enlarging the powers of two adts, pafled in the thirty-fecond year of his late Majefty, and in the third year of his prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relate to repairing and widening the road from the town of Derby to the town of Uttoxetery in the county of Stafford*

65.	For repealing an adt, pafled in the forty-third year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for continuing the terms and confolidating into one aft, federal afls relating to the road from Giafgow to Red burn Bridge, andfor making and repairing the road therein mentioned, and for granting nther powers tor the amendment and repair of the faid roads.

66.	To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers pf two adts, of,the twenty-eighth year of King George the Se-

^	,cond,

[Local W PerfonaL to be judicially noticed) 44 GEO. III.

cood, and Che nineteenth year of his prelent Majefty, for repairing the road from Markit Harborougb, in the county of Lei-tefler* to the city of Coventry.

67.	For amending, widening, altering, and improving, the road leading from the market-place in Cromferd to the. Five-Lane-Ends at the guide pod on Hoptin Moor, and for fetting out and making two new roads branching from the faid road, one up the valley, by Grange Millf to Newbaven Houfe, and the other from near the faid valley to the town of lVtrkfaorth, all in the county of Derby.

48.	To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of fa much of two ads, patted in the eighth ana twenty-ninth years of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the road from the dry of York to the top of Ofwaldkirk bank, in the county of York.

6a. For more effeftually improving the road from Chippenham Bridge^ in the county of Wihs9 to the top of Togg Hill, in the county of Gloucefier9 and fevcral other roads therein mentioned, in the faid counties, and in the county of SomerfeU

70. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of fevcral ads patted for repairing the road from Cambridge to Ely* and from Ely to Littleport9 and from Littleport to Cbecquer Corner in Downbam, in the. feverai counties of Cambridge and Norfolk) and other roads in the faid ads mentioned j and for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair certain other roads.

72.	For enabling the executors and truftees of the will of Thomas Qtreton efquire, to carry into execution certain agreements entered into by John Gureton enquire, his fdn, for the file of an eftate called Prodoey in the county of Salop% and for the purebafe of an eftate called The Hurjl, in the feme county.

72.	For cnclofing lands within the fevcral manors or town-fhips of Normanton and Woodboufe9 otherwife Newland cum Woodhoufe Moor, in the weft riding of the county of York.

73.	For inclofing lands in the parilh of Simonburn, in the county of Northumberland.

74.	For inclofing lands in the manner of Long Martin*, in tbe county of JVeflmorland, and alfo the common ftinted pafture called MartinParh9 within the faid manor and county.

75.	For attefiing the proprietors of lands in the county of Invernefs towards the expence of making and fupporting iuch roads and bridges therein as (hall be approved of by the com-mittioners appointed by an a& of the laft feflion of parliament, for making roads and building bridges in the highlands of Scotland.

76.	For amending and repairing feverai roads leading from the Guildhall and Market-Houfe in Yavifteck to New Bridge, to Grtflon Bridge, to Downton Gate9 to Piccard's Houfey to Cherry Brook and Dunnabridge Pound, and to Morwellbam and New

all in tbe county of Devon.

77.	For empowering the mayor and commonalty of the city

of

A TABLE 6f the STATUTES

of Canterbury to open and make a new ftreet from the ffigh Strut to Palace Street^ within tbo faid city.

78.	To amend an ad, made in the th»rty*firft year of his prefent Majefty, for building a bridge crofs the river Thames from St ints to Egbam> in the counties of Middlefex and Surrey ~

79.	For more effectually repairing and improving the rom<fs leading from Woodftock to Roll Right Lattes and other roads therein mentioned, all in the county of Oxford.

80.	For enabling the keepers and governors of the pofielfiort$9 revenues, and goods, of the free grammar fchool of John Ly*n+

..within the town of Harrow on the Hilts in the cbunty of Middltfex, to pay the rents and profits of certain lands bequeathed by the (aid John Lyon, for repairing the road frofn Harrow on the Hill to Londons to the truftees a&tng in execution of the feveral a&s for keeping the faid road in repair.

81.	For making and repairing certain roads in the counties of Banff‘s Elgin, Aberdeen^ and Invernefs \ for building bridges

. over the river Spey, and for regulating the making and repairing the high roads and bridges in the fait! county <6f . Banff.

82.	For altering and enlarging the powers of an made in the forty-third year of his prefent Maiefty, for eftablifhing a free market in the city of London for tne fale of coals, and for preventing frauds and impofitions in the vend and delivery of adl coals brought into the port of London within certain places therein mentioned.

83.	For explaining and amending two &&s, paffed in the tenth and eleventh years of King William the Third, and the fixth yeaf of Queen Anne^ for making and keeping navigable the river Tin#, from Bridgewater to Taunton^ in the coomy of Somerfet.

84.	For enabling the fherffFs of the city of London to remove the debtors and prifoners in the Poultry Compter to another place of confinement in the faid city.

85.	For providing an additional burial ground, and erefting a chapel thereon, for the parifh of Saint Martin in the Fields, hi

. the County of Mtddltfex, and alfo a houfe for the refidence of a clergyman to officiate in burying the dead.

86.	For altering and amending an a&, paffed in the fixth year of his prefent Majefty, for paving the ftreets and ianes

. within the borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent,

- in the county of Surrey, and for cleanfing, lighting, and watching, the fame? and alfo the courts, yards, alleys, and . paffages adjoining thereto, and for preventing annoyances therein, fo far as the fame relates to the weft divifion thereof, as there&fiiientioned.

87.	For embanking, draining, and improving, certain lands in the*city of Lincoln and county thereof, and in the pariffies

■ or town (hips of Boult ham ^ Skellingthorpe, Saxelbyt Broxbolmet North Carlton% South Carltons Burtcn, and Hathow, in the county ot\ Lincoln i and for inclofing lands in the faid parifh of . Sktllingtborpe.

88. For

[Local 6? PlerJonalj not printed) 44 GEO. III.

tf. For embKng the officiating minifter for the time being of the chapel of Voyla.*, in the county of Denbigh, to publith banns and (olerontze marriages in the (aid chapel.

89. For the relief of certain incumbents of livings in the city of London*

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

i.TTOR indofing lands within* the manor and parifh of X1 fnSbecky in the county of Lincoln, and for making com-penferion for the tithes arifing within the fame parifh.

2.	For mdofing lands within the townfhip of Little HucUow> in the county of Verby.

3.	For indofing lands within the manor and parifh of Letterings in the county of Northampton.

4* For naturalizing Paul Hanjken.

5.	For indofing lands in the parities of Portrane and Donabatts in the county of Dublin.

6.	For tndofing lands in the parifh of Beaminjter, in the county of Dorfet.

7.	To enable the reverend George Golding Graves clerk, and his firft and other Tons, and the heirs male of their bodies, fo take, ofe, and bear the name and arms of Golding, purfuant to the will of George Golding cfquire, deceased.

8.	For naturalizing Henry Augujlus Biedermann.

9.	For naturalizing Charles William Rohrs.

K>. For naturalizing Daniel Boileau.

ix. For the more effectual and beneficial railing of certain funis of money decreed by the high court of chancery of Ireland to be raifed out of the eftates of George Montgomery efquiie, a kmatick, in the counties of Cavan and Fermanagh in Ireland^ by (ale of the inheritance of a competent part of the (aid eftates.

12.	For efft&aating an exchange of certain parts of the glebe land belonging to the redtory of Bradjied> in the county of Kents for certain lands, the property of the right honourable Frederick Campbells commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell, within the parifh of Bradfled aforefaid.

13.	For dividing and draining lands in the parifhes of Sdtrffp otherwise Sawtry AH Saints, and Saltree otherwife Savotry Saint Andrews in the county of Huntingdon.

14.	For indofing lands in the hamlet of Tottington, in the pariih of Leomirtflrrs in the county of Suffix.

15.	For indofing landfrin the parifh of Goring% in the^county of Sufex.

16.	For indofing lands in the parifh of Saint Marys in or near the borough of Leicifler, m the county of LcUeftcr.

17.	For

A TABLE of the STATUTES

17.	for indofing lands in the parifti of Suttony in the county

of Glouccjter.

18.	For indofing lands in the manor of Weft Burton, in the north riding of the county of York.

19* For indofing lands in the parifhes of Thttfori Saint Petery in the county of Norfolk, and Tbetford Saint Cuthberty and Thetford Saint Marjy in the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

20. For indofing lands in theparifh of Gotham^ in the county of Nottingham.

21* For naturalizing Johannes Hendrik Ohrly.

22.	For enabling oir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay Baronet, and dame Jane his wife, to leafe part of the fettled eftates in the county of EfftXy devifed by the late dame Anne

. Mildmay^ of Mouljham Hally in the faid county.

23.	r or indofing lands within the manors of North Bradlsy and Soutbwicky in the parifti of North BradUy% in the county of Wilts.

24.	For indofing lands in the parifti of Wahomty in the County of Norfolk.

25.	For indofing lands in the parifti of lien, in the county of S ilk.

2	To amend an aft, pafled in thirty-ninth year of his prefer Majefty, for indofing and leafing certain common moors and wafte grounds, lying within the townfhip of Kirkeatofiy in the weft riding of the county of Yorky and for other purpofes in the faid aft mentioned.

27.	For indofing lands in the manor of Aheeote and Shutting-tony in the parifti of Shut ting tony in the county of Warwick.

28.	For indofing lands in the parifti of SporUy and hamlet of Palgraviy in the county of Norfolk.

29.	For vefting certain eftates fituate in the county of Norfolky devifed by the will of Bridget Soutbiotty widow, deceafed, in truftees, for fale, and for laying out the money arifing from the fale thereof in the purchafe of eftates in the county of Effexy to be fettled t6 the ufes devifed by the faid will of the faid Bridget Southcote.

30.	For difeharging John Fydelly late of ChtpfloWy in the county of Monmouthy but now of the city of Briftoly in the county of Some*fitty efquire, from being a truftee of the freehold eft tes of Thomas Burgesy late of Weymouth Street Portland Placey in the county of MiddLfex. efquire, deceafed, and for divefting the fee fimple and inheritance of fuch parts of the fame freehold eftates of the faid Thomas Burges% as by his will, are devifed to the laid John Fydelly as a truftee, out of the faid John Fydelly and for invefting the fee fimple and inheritance of the fame freehold eftates in dbraham Touhnan^ efquire, as a truftee in the place and ftead of the (aid John Fydell.

31.	For more effeftually maintaining, and keeping in repair, the embankments and other works on the fouth fide of the channel of the river Dety within the manor and parifti of Hawardeny in the county of Flinty and for erefting, and keeping

[Local & Perfonaly not printed) 44 GEO. III.

in repair, other embankments and works to prevent injury tag done, as well to the allotments of land, made, by virtue of an aSt, palled in the eighteenth year of his prefent Majefty, from a certain common called Saltney Marfa as alfo to certain lands the property qf Sir Stephen Rifbard Glynne, baronet.

32.	For indofing lands in Kingfdony in the county of $$• merfet.

33.	For indofing lands within, and belonging to, the manors and parilh of Kingfuttony in the county of Northampton.

34.	For indofing lands in the parilh of Keinten Mandefitldy to the county of Somerjit.

35.	For indofing lands, in the parilh of Bridgbam% in the county of Norfolk,

36.	For indofing lands in the townthip or hamlet of Chamey, in the parilh of Longworthy in the county of Berks.

37.	For indofing lands in the parilh of Crimplefbamy in the county of Norfolk.

38.	For indofing Sbaddingfield common, in the county of Suffolk.

39.	For indofing lands within the parilh of Temple Gutting y in the county of Gloucefter;

40.	For indofing lands in the parilh of Carlby, in the county of Lbtcoky and alfo certain parts of an intercommon or heath, heretofore called Aunhy Heathy within, or adjoining to, the fame parilh.

41.	For indofing lands in the parilh, townlhips, or hamlets of Bringhurjly Great Eaflony and Drayton% in the county of Leicejler.

42.	For inclofine lands in the tovvnlhip or hamlet of Alvcrtcriy in the county of Nottingham.

43.	For indofing lands in the parilhes of Topcroft and Den-tMy in the county of Norfolk.

44.	For indofing lands in the parilhes of Binhrooke Saint Gabriel and Binhrooke Saint Mary in the county of Lincoln.

45.	For indofing lands ip the parilh of Ruijhpy otherwife Rfelipy in the county of Middlefex.

46^ For indofing lands in the hamlet of Maruay in the ille of Eljy and county of Cambridge.

47.	For indofing lands in the manor and tovvnlhip of Whit-woody in the parifli of Featherjloney in the welt riding of the county of York.

48.	For indofing lands in the lordlhips of Great Gonerby and hbntborpe cum Little G oner by % in the county of Lincoln.

49.	For indofing lands in the townlhip of Roujbyy and hamlets of Hither and Far Scalingy in the parilh of Hinderwcliy in the county of York.

50.	For indofing lands in the parilh of Romfey Extray in the Couoty of Southampton.

51.	For indofing lands in the parilh of lf/on9 in the county of Berks.

5a. For naturalizing Michael Verleke.

53.	For

TABLE of the STATUTES, 44 GEO. lit.

"53. For naturalizingChri/lian Henry Kauffmartn.

54.	For naturalizing Samuel Levi Phillips.

55.	For inclofing lands in the parilh of Great Totbam, in the County of EJfex•

56.	For inclofing lands in the manor of Netberdale% in the

Weft riding of York.	<• . .

57.	For inclofing lands in the parilh of Saint Andrew duck*

land, in the county of Durham.	'	’	~

58.	For inclofing lands within the towofhip or' tbwnflrips of AmpUforth and Ofwaldkirk, in the county of York.

59.	For inclofing lands in the parilh of Arftyy in the County! of Bedford.

60.	For effecting the fale of a freehold meffuage, with the fends thereto belonging, fituate at Southampton, whereof Sophia Ricketts, widow of George Poyntz Ricketts, efquire, is tenant for life, and for inverting the purchafe monies of the lhares which ftand limited to the infant children of the faid George Poyntz Ricketts, and Sophia his wife, in remainder, in fee ftmpJe, in fome other real eftate, to be fettled in lieu of fuch (hares, and to the fame ufes.

61 For inclofing lands in the parilh of Aftwici^ in the county of Bedford.

62.	For naturalizing James Fagel.

63.	For altering and amending an aft of parliament, pafled in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for enabling the lord bifhop of London to grant a leafe, with powers of renewal, of lands in the parijh of Paddington, in the county of Middlcfex, for thepurfofe of building upon; and for granting further powers, the better to carry into execution the purpofes of the faid aft.

64.	For inclofing lands in the parifh of Brington, in the county of Huntingdon.•

65.	For inclofing lands in the parilh of Great Staughton, in the county of Huntingdon.

66.	For inclofing lands in the parifhes of Hogjlborpe and Mumby cum Chapol% in the county of Lincoln•

67.	For inclofing lands in the parilh of tJKp% in the county of Oxford.

68.	To drflblvethe marriage of Robert Ytghe, efquire, with Efther Tigbe, his now wife, and Co enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

*69. For naturalizing Chrifiopher Gerock.

70.	For naturalizing Bernard Uhde.

71.	For naturalizing John Frederick Veithtntr.

'	72. For naturalizing Jofepb Charles Leon &e Boubiede Brouquens^

an infant.

THE

STATUTES at Large, 8cc„

Arm regni GEORGlJ III. Britanniarutib Regis>	quadragefimo

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Weft-minfrer, the Sixteenth	November, Anno

Domini 1802, in the Forty-third Tear of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the	by	the

Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith j and from thence	continued,by feveral Prorogations, to the

Twenty-Second Day of November 1803 ; being the Stand Sefjionof the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. t.

Aa ad to continue, until months after the ratification of a definitive, treaty of peace* the ceftri&ions contained in feveral a&9 made in the ¥IMy»4mttth» thirty-eighth, forty-fecond, and forty-third years of the regn of Jua present Maje&y, on payments of cafh by the bank of Eng* land.—[December15, 1803.]

cab. ir.

At ad for granting to bis Majffij the fum of eight for tbt prejent relief of certainturatet in England.—[December 15.1803.]

Mdft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty's moft dutiful and loyal iubje&s, the commons of Great Britain and Ireland, having granted to your Maiefty the fum of eight thoufand pounds, for the .prefen t relief Vot. XLV,	B	of

of fuch curates as may bt deprived of their cures on account ol the refidence of incumbents, which-may take place in coafequencc of an a& pafied in the lad feffion of parliament, for promoting the refidence of the parochial clergy; do moft humbly, befeech you* , Majefty that it may be enabled, and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpirjtual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent 8,000/ to be parliament aftmbled, and bv the authority of the fame, Tbatj ifiued but of by or out of fuch monies as (nail be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer of Great Britain, of the Turpi us of the confolidaced t^^veraore ^un<^» after paying or referving fufficient to pay all fuch fum or of Queen Turns of money as have been directed by any former aft or a&s of Anne's boun- parliament to be paid out of the fame, there /hall and may be ty for the iffued, any fum or fums of money not exceeding eight thoufand Mt^rdepHrcd Pounds, to fuch perfoaor perfons as^he governors of the bounty of their cures, of Q^ieen Anne (hall appoint to receive the fame, to be&pplied by the laid governors for the relief of fuch curates as may be deprived of their cures on account of the refidence of incumbents, which may take place in confequence of the faid aft; and the commif-fioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or, any three or more of them, or the lord high-treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorifed and empowered to iflue the fame accordingly.

Curates to IL Provided always. That no curate fhall be entitled to, or TOcommrada- rccc*vc any allowance under this aft, who /hall not produce to tion from the	governors a proper recommendation from the bifhop of

bifhop of the thediocefe wherein the cure for the deprivation of which he claims diocefe. relief, (hall be fituated; and that no allowance to be made to any ’ fuch curate (hall exceed three-fourth parts of the income which Account of fuch curate (hall have derived from his cure: provided alfo, that the applies- the faid governors jhall, and they are hereby required, oti or Ticy tobelaidT bcfore	**7 oi January one thoufand eight hundred and

before the five, to lay or caufe to be laid before his Majefty’s moft honour-piivy council, able privy council an account of the application of' the faid fum of eight thoufrnd pounds, or any part thereof.

CAP. III.

An a& to regulate the bonds ijfued by the Eaft-India company, with refpefi to the rate of intereft, and the duty payable thereon.—[December, 15, 1803.]

TX7HEREAS it is juft and expedient j that the mode in which the duty V V . impofed by virtue of an aitpajjed in the lajlfeffion of parliament, 43 Geo. 3.	intituled, An ad for granting to his Majefty, until thfe fixth day of

c. m.	Jaay next after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, a

contribution on the profits arifing from property, profefiions, trades, and offices, in rejpeft of the intereft of the bonds iffued or to be iffued by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, Jbould be affeffed and paidy Jbould be regulated as herein-after is mentioned \ and that thefaid united company Jbould be enabled *^	tc pay and allow for money raifed on their bends, any intereft not ex-

ceeding

1.

iSo3-] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georg iiIII. c. 3.	^

ceding fuch rate of interejl as may bt allowed on any exchequer bills ified or to be ijfued at the fame time, by virtue of atiy aft or aftt of parliament: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflfembled, and by the authority of ihe fame, That, from and after the fifth day From April y,‘ of April one thoufand eight hundred and four, the duty impofed *804, the duty by the laid a& of parliament, in refpeCt of the intereft paid or ^^5 *etm payable for money raifed or to be railed on the bonds of the faid refpeft cf united company, (ball be returned, aflefled upon, and paid, by the intereft pay-fcoUets or owners of fuch bonds refpe£tively, who (hall be liable °P to make fuch returns thereof in fuch manner as is directed by (hal^be^aid the fixth cafe in the fchedule marked (D.) contained in the faid by the holders ad; and that ail the claufes, provifions, directions, exemptions, who are liable forfeitures, and penalties in the faid ad contained, in any way |° ma!cc relating to "the duty to be afiefied, as in the fixth cafe mentioned manner di^ in the faid fchedule (D.) (hall, from and after the faid fifth day *e6ted by the of April one thoufand eight hundred and four, as far as the fame fixth cafe in are refpe&ively applicable, be of full forCe and effeft with relation thc to the duty in re(ped of the intereft of the bonds of the faid united of recited aft. company, and (ball be applied and put in execution for the aflef-fing, levying, raifing, collecting, and paying the fame; and the No return to (aid united company, and their officers, mall, from and after the J*"}**®

(aid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and four, be company of **

and are hereby acquitted and difeharged from including in the fuch bonds,

return of their profits under the faid aCt, the amount of intereft

payable on the (aid bonds, and from paying the duty thereon, and ,

from retaining and deduChng the faid duty out of the faid intereft;

any thing in the faid ad contained to the contrary thereof in any-

wife notwit hftanding.

II* Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted and declared, who may pay That the faid united company (hall be at liberty, if their court of Jhc h^ldef8 directors (hall fee fit, to pay to the holders and owners of the [^e intereft, bonds iifued by therm, the full amount of the intereft due and tp without mak-grow due thereon, without making any deduction of the duty ing any de-growing due in refped of fuch intereft at any time previous to duttion ofthc thc faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and four, butdut^ &c' in that cafe the faid united company (hall account for and pay the amount of fuch duty out of their proper funds, and they (hall be at liberty to charge the fame amongft their ordinary outgoings^ any thing in the faid ad of alts of parliament to the contrary thereof in anyways notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That Eaft-India it (ball and iriay'be lawful to and for the faid united company, company with the approbation and confent of the board of commiftioners pay^c fame for the affairs of India for the time being, from time to time, to intereft as ia pay and allow intereft on the money heretofore raifed on the allowed on bonds of the (aid company, and which are now outftanding, and *?®hequer aff<? on money to be .raifed on any bonds which the faid united bl 8* .

•	h	2'	'	company

company may lawfully ifliie, at and after fuch rate not exceeding fuch rate of intereft as may be allowed on any exchequer bills ifiued or to be iflucd at the faine time by virtue of any alt or a&s of parliament, a? the faid united company, with fuch confent as afbrefaid, (hall in their diferetion fee fit; and all bonds and instruments for fecurmg the inoney raifed thereon,* (hall be valid and effeltuaU -and no perfon or perfons taking, accepting, or receiving fuch intereft, (hall be therefore liable to any penalty or forfeiture whatfoever; any law, ftatute, or ufage to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

Notreftrained IV. Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall be from allowing conftrued to extend to retrain the laid united company from legal intereft. ajjovvjng at any legal intereft on fuch bonds.

CAP. IV. ,,

An ad to continue farerallaws relating to the fufpending the operation of two a&t of the fifteenth and feventeenth years of the reign of his pre* fent Majefty, for reitraining the negociation of protaifloiy notes and bill# of exchange under a limited fum in England $ ancf to the prohibiting the exportation from and permitting the importation to Great Britain of com; and for allowing the importation of other articles of provifion without payment of duty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thou-fand tight hundred and five; and to the regulating the trade and commerce to and from the iue of Malta, until fix months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace.—[ December 15, 1803.] .

Ad 37 Geo. 3. c. 31. farther. continued to Match *5,1805. Ad 39 Geo. 3. c. 87. further continued to March 15, 1805. Ad 41 Geo. 3. c. 103. further Continued Until fix months after the ratification of a definitive treaty.

C A P. V.

An oH to continue until the twenty •fifth day of March one thoufanfi eight hundred and five, an aft* pajfed in the lafl feffion of par-liamenty for difeontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of fugar from CJreajt Britain, and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof—[December 15, 1803.]

43 Geo. 3. c.z 1

The drawbacks and bounties in the fchedule of the recited fetitftiallbe 1 Mhri*-

W HERE AS an an paffed in the lafi feffion of parliament, /Vr-tituled% An alt for difeontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of fugar from Great Britain, and for allowing Other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof, until the fifteenth day of January> one thoufand eight hundred and four: arid whereas it is expedient that the drawbacks and bounties allowed by the faid recited an Jhould be continued: be it therefore enalted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the aii« thority of the fame, That the feveral drawbacks and bounties in the fchedule to the faid recited alt annexed (hall be paid and allowed in like manner in every refpeli and fubjelt to and under and according to the like rules, regulations, reftrlHions, penalties, and forfeitures, (except whtre any alteration is' made by

1	this

1803.] Anno regni quadragelimo quarto Georgii III. c.	$

ffris aft), as any drawbacks or bounties were paid or allowed tofore,(except before the paiEng of the faid recited aft or this act.

II.	And be it further enafted, That if, on the fifth day of **terw,£ January* or on the fifth day of May* or on the fifth day of Sep- men-** timber* one thoufand eight hundred and foi/r, or on the fifth day tinned, it

of January one thoufand eight hundred^and five refpeftively, or ap^r by any or either of the faid days, it appear, by noticeji) the,?01”*,n*** , London Gazette* in manner direAed by an a A, made in tfie^ttettatthe thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Maiefty, intituled, avenge prices An aft far regulating the allowance of tie drawback and payment of of brown or the bounty on the exportation of frgar* and fow permitting the im-portation rffugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda iftanis ^acceded in foreign pups* that the average prices ■of brown or Mupovada for th© pre-fugar, taken in manner direfted by the faid laft. recited aft, for ceding quarter the preceding quarter of the year, (hall not have, exceeded *°f:£5r CT?* feventy (hillings for an hundred weighty exclufive of the duties ^ the°^ of cuftoms paid or payable thereon, on the importation into drawback or Great* Britain* then‘and in every fuch cafe the drawback or bounty in the bounty in the fchedule to the recited aft of the laljl feffion Qf fchcduleof parliament annexed mentioned as correfponding to or with the iToeo. 3. price of which fuch notice in the London Gazette (hall have been c. iifeorve- * given as aforefaid, fhall be paid or allowed; until notice of any (ponding with other average (hall be given in the London Gazette on the *"e Saturday immediately preceding any other of fuch fubfcquoot ** P**1* &c* * days; and fuch drawback of bounty fhaH be paid or allowed in like manner in every refpeft and fubjeft and under and according to the like rules and regulations, reftriAioris, penalties,. and forfeitures, as any drawbacks and bounties were paid or allowed before the palling of the faid recited aft of the laft feffion of parliament, (except as any fuch rules or regulations are altered by the (aid aft); and the whole of the duty granted by an aft, *ftd the duty pa fled in the forty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majeftj,	by

intituled. An aft for granting (p bis Majefty certain duties of cuftoms	fo-

ot timber* fugar* raifins* and pepper imported into* ana on lead tar Imported exported from Great Britain, upon fugaf imported \x\io fGreai*>i the Eaft-* Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eoft Indies* and wareh9ufed according to law, and fold at £j^wed on the Tales of the faid company after the thirtieth day of June one delivery thoufand eight hundred and one, fhall, upon the delivery thereof thereof out of out of the warehoufe for exportation during the time of any drawbacks or bounties b^itfg paid (ft allowed under this aft in *****	*

ipfpeft of Britijh plantation fugar, be wholly drawn back unde( fuch rules, regulations, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures as any former drawbacks are paid and allowed» any thing in the faid aft paffcd in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty contained to the contrary notwithftapding.

III.	And be it further enafted. That the faid recited aft of Continuance, tjic laft feffion of parliament* and all the powers, proyifions, of recited aft authorities, regulations, ejaufes, matters, and things in the (aid^J0*0"

contained, (hall be, and the fame are hereby continued, and fluU be and remain ur full force until the fifteenth day of March

company may lawfully iflxie, at am) after fuch rate not exceeding fuch rate of intereft as may be allowed on any exchequer bills i&ued or to be ifilied at the fatne time by virtue of any a& or a££s of parliament, a? the faid united company, with fuch confent as afore laid, fhall in their diferetion fee fit; and all bonds and in-ftruments for fecuring the money raifed thereon,* (hall be valid and effe£tualj -and no perfon or perfons taking, accepting, or • receiving fuch intereft, fhall be therefore liable to any penalty or forfeiture whatfoever; any law,ftatute, or ufage to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

Not retrained IV. Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall be from allowing conftrued to extend to reftrain the laid united company from kgal intereft, auovvjng a* any time legal intereft on fuch bonds.

C A P. IV. .

An a£t to continue .fcveral laws relating to the fufpending the operation of two a£h of the fifteenth and feventeenth years of the reign of hit pre~ fent Majcfty, for rtilraining the negociation of protaiflory notes and bill* of exchange under a limited fum in England j and to the prohibiting the exportation from and permitting the importation to Great Britain of corn; and for allowing the importation of other articles of provifion without payment of duty, uatjl the twenty-fifth day of March one thou-fand eight hundred and five$ and to the regulating the trade and commerce to and from the ille of Malta, until fix months after the ratifica-tion of a definitive treaty of peace.—[December 15, 1803.] ,

1	Ad	37 Geo. 3. c. 3*. farther continued to Match 15,1805. Ad 39

Geo. j. c. 87. further continued to March 15, 1805. Ad 41 Geo. 3. c. 103. further Continued until fix months after the ratification of a definitive treaty.

C A P. V.

An at1 to continui until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufanjl eight hundred and five, an afty pajfed in the laji fejfion of par-liamenty for difeontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of fugar from CJrea; Britain, and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof—[December 15, 1803*3

WHEREAS an aft faffed in the laji frjjion of parliament, /7r-tituledy An ad for difeontinuing certain drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of fugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other drawbacks and bounties in lieu thereof, until the fifteenth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four: and whereas it is expedient that the drawbacks and bounties allowed by the faid recited aft Jhould be continued: be it therefore enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the ati« The draw. thority of the fame, That the fcveral drawbacks and bounties in bounties^!	^c^cc*u^e	t0 the fa'd recited afl annexed (hall be paid and

the fchcdule allowed m like manner in every refpeft and fubjedt to and under of the recited and according to the like rules, regulations, reftri&ions, pe-

*a (hall be nalties, and forfeitures, (except whtre any alteration is made by-paid aa here-	*	this

tSoj.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c.	$

this aft), as any drawbacks or bounties were paid or allowed folbre, (exert* Wore the paffing of the fa id recited aft or this act.	where hereby

II.	And be it further cnafted, That if, on the fifth day of *IUrcd'’

Jmtarjy or on the fifth day of Maj> or on the fifth day of Sep-	*

Umbtr, one ihoufand eight hundred and foi/r, ’or on the fifth day tioned, it (hall of January one thoufand eight hundred* and five refpeftively, or appear by

any or either of the faid days, it (h^ll appear, .by QOticeJi) the,?0**^ in the hnfai Gazette, in manner direfted by sin aft, made in the*thaethe tfairry.fecond year of the reign of his prefent Maiefty, intituled, average prices An eQfer regulating the allowance of tie drawback and payment of of brown or tbt burnt} on the exportation of frgary and fow permitting the im~ psrutim offugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda ijlands {J^^eried hfsrdgn Jnipf, that the-average prices of brown or Mufwaio for the pre-fsgar, taken in manner directed by the (aid lad-recited aft, for ceding quarter the preceding quarter of the year, (hall not have, exceeded kreoty (hillings for an bundled weight* exclufive of the duties t^°* of cuftoms paid or payable thereon, on the importation into drawback or Great Britain* then and in every fuch cafe the drawback orbouDty in the bounty in the fchedule to the recited ad of the laljl feffion of Jj-tedul* of parliament annexed mentioned as correfponding to or with the aa^Gco. t. price of which fuch notice in the London Gazette (hall have been e. iif com- * given as aforefaid, fhall be paid or allowed, until notice of any flooding with other average (hall be given in tire London Gazette on Saturday immediately preceding any other of (uch fubfcqueQt “ days; and fuch drawback of bounty (hall be paid or allowed in like manner in every refpeft and fubjeft and under and according to the like rules and regulations, rcftrtdboris, penalties,, and forfeitures, as any drawbacks and bounties were paid or allowed before the palling of the faid recited aft of the Uft feffion of parliament, (except as any fuch rules or regulations are altered by the hid aft:); and the whole of the duty granted by an aft, and the duty palled in the forry-Srft year of the reign of his prefent May eft J, intituled, An aft for granting to bis Mojfft certain duties of cufloms m timbify fugary raifmsy and pepper imported into, and on lead gar imported exported from Great Britain, upon fugaf imported into jQreaivy the Eaft-Britain by the linited company of merchants of England trading to the Eoji IndieSy and warehtpufed according to law, and Md at	w	C

the (ales of the faid company after the thirtieth day of June one delivery thoufand eight hundred and one, (hall, upon the delivery thereof thereof out of out of the warehoufe for exportation during the time of any waleh^/OT drawbacks or bounties bqufg paid dr allowed under this aft in cx,JOr * refpeft of Briti/h plantation fugar, be wholly drawn back unde( fuch rules, regulations, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures as any former drawbacks are paid and allowed; any thing in the faid aft paffid in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty contained to the contrary notwithftapding.

III.	And be it further enafted. That the faid recked aft of Contimwnee. \bt laft feffion of parliament, and all the powers, provifiona,of recg^*^ authorities, regulations, ejaufes, matters, and things in the (aid

itit contained, (hall he, and the fame are hereby continued, and

gull be and remain ixrfull force until the fifteenth day of Mar it ~	pnq

G, Annoregniquadragefimo quarto Gsorgu III.c. 6—io* [1803.

one thoufand eight hundred and five for the port of London, and until the twenty-fifth dsfy of March one thoufand eight hundred and five for other parts of Groat Britain; and that this ait may be altered, varied, or repealed by any alt or alls to be palled in. this prefent feffion of parliament.

CAP. VI.

An aft for fufpending, until the fir ft day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and four, the operation of an alt, made in the laft fcflion of parliament, to continue and amend two alts, made in the parliament of Ireland, for reftraining the negociation of promiffory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited lum, within Ireland.—[December 15, 1803.]

Alt 43 Geo. 3. c. 87. recited. Recited a St fo far as refpelts notes of lefs value than $L y. iflued in Ireland after Jan. x, 1804, Ac. fufpended until Aug. x, 1 $04*

CAP. VII.

An alt to indemnify fuch perfons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and for extending ,	the	times limited for thofe purpofes refpclhvely, until the twenty-fifth

day of December one thoufand eight hundred and four; and to permit fuch perfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and foli-citors, to make and file the fame on or before the firft day of Michaelmas term one thoufand eight hundred and four.—[December ij$ 1803.J

CAP. VIII.

An ad to continue, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next - fcflion of parliament, an alt, made in the laft fcflion of parliament, intituled, An alt to empower the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain fuch perfons as he or they fhall fufpelt for confpinng againft his Majefty’s perfon and government, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament.—[December 15, 1893. ] ~

cap. ix. ;

An alt to pontipue, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament, /in alt pafied in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, An alt for the fuppreffion of rebellion in Ireland, and for the proteltion of the perfons and property of his Majefty's faithful fu^jclts there, to continue in force until fix weeks after the commencement of (he next feffion of parliapaent.—[December 13,1803.]

CAP. X.

4n ail to continue until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, fever al afls of the firiyfirjl^ forty fecond, and forty-third yean of bis prefent Majejly's reign, for regulating the drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of fugar from Ireland.—[December 15, 1803.]

WHEREAS an aSl was made in the forty+firff year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled. An alt for regulating, until 41UC0.3.	^	twentieth	day	of	May	one	thoufand	eight hundred and two,

wMK	the

i&>3<] Anno regni quadragefima quarto Georgii III. c. io. 7

the allowance of drawback on the exportation from Ireland of

Britijh plantation fugar, and for allowing certain drawbacks on

fugar exported from Ireland*, abd foe allowing Brifi/b plantation

fogar to be warehoufed in Ireland: and whereas an ad was made

in the ferty-fecond year of the reign iff his prefent Majejly, to continue 4* Gea 3.

and amend the faid recited aft* of the forty-firJl year aforefaid: andCt 6o#

whereas an all was made in the forty-third year of the reign of his

prefeni Majejly, intituled, An a<£l for difeontinuing certain draw- 43 G*o. 3*

backs and bounties on the exportation of fugar from Ireland\c•17'

and for allowing, until the fifteenth day of January one thoufand

eight hundred and four, other drawbacks and bounties inftead

thereof: and whereas it is expedient that the faid recited afls Jhould

ht tsntinoed in manner herein mentioned; be ic therefore enabled by

the King's tnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and *

coofent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in

this prefent parliament afiembled, .and by the authority of the

fame. That the faid recited a 61 of the forty-fir ft year, fo far as Recited ads,

the fame is not altered by the faid recited ads of the forty-fecond where not si-

and forty-third years, and alfo the faid recited ad of the forty- tS?0**-

fccond year, fo far as the fame is not„altered by the Aid recited March to,

ad of the forty-third year, and alfo the faid recited ad of the 1805, for the

forty-third year, (hall be, and the fame are hereby continued, port of Dnb-

until the twentieth day of March one thoufand eight hundred	tlU

and five for the portjof Dublin, and until the twenty-fifth day of for other

March one thoufoitd eight hundred and five for the other ports ports of Ire-

of Ireland.	land.

II.	And be it further enaded. That if, in the firft publication If, at certain of the Dublin Gazette, purfuant to the faid recited ads of the	.

forty-Srft and forty-third years, after the arrival in Dublin of the Sa-Lendon Gazettet containing the average price of brown or Muf- zette, that the made fugar for the quarter of a year preceding the fifth day of average price January, the fifth day of May, or the fifth day of September one ^ brown or thoufand eight hundred and four, or the fifth day of January {hall°not one thoufand eight hundred and five refpeftively, or any or either have exceeded of the faid days, ascertained and taken in manner prescribed by 70s. per cwt. law in Great Britain, it (hall appear that the average price °f !jx fuch fugar fo afeertained and taken for the preceding quarter of ^cr the year (ball not have exceeded fevenry {hillings fterling for an bounty in the hundred weight, exdufive of the duties of cuftoms paid or pay- fchedulean-able thereon on the importation thereof, then, and in every fuch ncx<Ld to cafe, the drawback or bounty in the fchedule to the faid recited ^rre-aft of the forty-third year annexed, mentioned as correfponding (bonding with to or with the price, of which fuch notice in the Dublin Gazette luch price in (hall have been given as aforefaid, (hall be paid or allowed,

(except on exportation to Great Britain), until notice publifhed be pai , in the London Gazette of the average price for the quarter of a year preceding any other of fuch fubfequent days (hall be given m the Dublin Gaz»tte\ and fuch drawback or bounty (hall be	*

paid or allowed in like manner in every refpeft, and fubjeft and under, and according to the like rules, regulations, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, as any drawbacks and bounties were pid or allowed before the palling this aft,

III.	Ana

1

8 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gbq&gii III. c. i t./ [i 803. Adniaybe III, And be it further enaded. That this a& may be varied, veSedthis** a*lore<*> or repealed, hy any aft orafts to be paffed in tbc pte- i fent feffion of parliaments

C A P. XI.

gfii a(l for enabling the lord-l or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, ta prohibit, until the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and the	of

fpirits from oats or oatmeal in Ireland j and for indemnifying fetch .	perfons as have ailed in adv ok carrying into execution	pro-,

• clamation of the	lord-,lieutenant and council of Ireland \

bitingfucb difiUlatiorf-—[December 15, 1803.]	I

WHEREAS it is expedient that potver Jhould he given, in manner herein mentioned, to prohibit from time to time, during the contihuante of this as it may he thought neteffary, the life of oats or oatmeal in the brewing or fermenting any worts,

'or pot alt, for making or extrafling low wines or fpirits in Ireland ; be it therefore enabled by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by I and with the advice ana content of the lords fpiritua) and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and tord-Heute- by the authority of the fame. That, during the continuance of proclamation (^'s a^> ** fhall be lawful for the lord-lieutenant or Other chief prohibit the * governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, and he and uiirof oats they is and are hereby authorifed, by and with the advice of his and Mtmeal Majefty’s privy council of Irelandf from time to time, and at any linn of fpirits* t‘mes refpeftively during the continuance of this'aft, as he or r • they (hall think fit, by proclamation, to prohibit the ufe of oats' and oatmeal in the brewing, making, or fermenting any worts,' yafh, or pot ale, for making or extraftiog low wines or fpirits in Ireland, under fuch regulations, limitations, and teftri&ions,

•as (hall be therein refpeftively exprefied and contained} and that;

'	it fhall and may be lawful for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief

governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, by and with the advice of the privy council of	to	remove	and recai fuch

prohibition, and at any time'to revoke and annul hny proclamation iffued in purfuance of this aft.

’ II. And be it further enafted, That, during fuch.time as the ufe of oats or oatmeal (hall be prohibited in manner aforefaid, no perfon dr perfons' (hall apply, fpend, confhme, or make ufe of,

• or cau®f» procure, permit, or luffer to be applied, fpent, con, fohits con	or	made ufe of any ground or unground oats or oatmeal,

trary to pro- malted' of unmalted, mixed or untnixed, with any other ground ' or unground corn'or grain, malted or- un malted, or any other material'for diftilling, in the brewing, making, or fermenting of any worts, ’wafft,* or pot ale, for making, extracting, or di/rilling low wines or fpirits in Ireland', and if any perfon or perfons (hall, iconttafy to fuCh prohibition, apply, fpend, con-{time, or make ufe of, or caufe, procure; permit, orfuffer to be applied, fpent^ confumed, or made ufe of, any ground or un-ground oats or oatmeal malted or untpalted, mixed or unmixed,

•	-' „	'	 wWl

Penalty on perionft mak< ing uic of oats or oatmeal in the

hibiiion*

5

1803.] Anno regni quadrtgefimo quarto Gsoaoii HI. c. i

with aay other ground or unground corn or grain malted or urapahed» or any other material for diftilling, in the brewing* aiakiog, or fermenting of any worts, wafh, or pot ale, for, making, extracting, or diftilling low wines or fpirits in Inland^ contrary to the true intent and meaning of this alt, the perform or perfonsfo offending (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fuqi of two .hundred pounds, and all fiich ground or onground oats or oatmeal, malted or. pnmalred, piixed or un-mixed, with any other ground or unground corn or grain malted or uaaudud,.or any. other materia) for diftilling together.with ail or any of fiujh mixtures, and all fuch worts, wa£h, or pot ale, . and the bags, calks, or veflete containing the fame, 0**11 be forfeited, and may be feized by any juftice of the peace, or any officer of his Majefty’s revenue ; and upon the trial of any information for the laid penalty, or any of the faid forfeitures, the . defendant or defendants therein lba)l be convicted, or the oats or oatmeal, together with any mixtures, worts, waft*, pr pot aje * condemned,, and the bags, calks, or veffels containing the fame, unlefs proof (hall be qude by the defendant Or dcfepd*ntf, or claimant or claimants, that.there was not s*ny oats or .oatmeal, ground or uoground, mixed or uomixed, contained in any mix-* lures, worts, wafh, or pot ale, or any part thereof, as (hail be alleged in ;fuph information*	-	«	.

III.	And be it-enaded,,That if any gfopiu) o*ts ox oatmwl,

above the weight of eight ftones, lhall, during fuch piqhibhjpn* ftoncCwcfght# be found in any diftillery, ftore, or other p_Uce thereto adjoining found in any or belonging, the fame, and the bags, calks, os; veffels containing,diililkry, to the fame, (halt be feized and. forfeited as afor^faid, and the diftifter; in whole diftillery or ftore or other place the fame (hall be found ^ forfeit «/ (hall forfeit fifty jpunds* ...	5

IV.	And be it further epa&ed. That every fervant of any Penalty on diftiller or maker of Jow .wines or Ipiri^.and every other pprfon Irrvinw and -who (hall, during fucb-prohibition, be aiding and aflifting in thediftfllers in*0® appl>ing, fpendipg, containing, or making ufe of any grpund or ufihgoats,&c. p. ground oats or oatmeal,, or oaten flour, in. the brewing,

making, or fermenting any4 worts, waft), or pot ale, for the making or extracting low wines or fpirits, or in carrying or con* vcying the fame into the houfe, ftyl houfe, or other place pfed by fuch diftiller or diftftlcri, maker or makers.of low wines or faints, jn the brewing, making, or fermenting, fuel* wortf, wa(h, or pot ale, (hall forfeit* and lofe for fuch. offence the fum of twenty pounds *, and for the feebnd and any further offence, the (um of forty pounds; and in. default of payment, of the faid pe^ nalty for the firft. offence imjfted Lately upon conviction, the perfon offending fhall b% liable to fuffer .imprifonment in the houfe of corredion for a /pace not exceeding fix months nor lefs than two mouthy, and to be .kept at hard labour during fuch imprifon-mentj and in default of payment of the faid penalty for the fecund or farther ofFencc, (haft be liable to fuffer/pch jrpprifonment for aay (pace of time not exceeding twelve months nor lefs than twBooths*'	-	.	 :	.	.	•	.	.

to Anno regni -quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 11. [1803*

V.	And whereas the lord-lieutenant and council of Ireland, by a proclamation bearing date the twelfth day of October one tboufajii eight hundred and three, did prohibit all diftillatton from oats and oat-meal, which proclamation was for the fervice of the publick, andjkould '	receive the fanftion and confirmation of law, and all perfons adviftng

and ailing in obedience to the fame Jhould be indemnified, be it there-Actions fore enafted, That all perfona) aftions land fuitsy and all indift.

M ments, informations, and all profecutions and proceedings what-f^t^aingm f°cvcr» which have been or (ball be profecured or commenced obedience6 to againft any perfon or perfons whomsoever, for or by reafon of the prodama- any aft, matter, or thing advifed* commanded, appointed, or OA *14**180 ^onc *n rc^on t0 ^e	or of any contract or agree-

for prohibit-3’ mcnt not performed by means of or in obedience to the faid pro-log the ufe of plantation, be and are and (hall be difcharged and made void by oats in diftil- virtue of this aft; and that every perfon in any wife concerned in bedT h1**1 d	the	faid proclamation, or in anywife afting

and the per-’ therein or in purfaance thereof, (hall be and is hereby acquitted, fanstndemni- difcharged, and indemnified of and from the fame; and that if fied.	any aftion or fuit (ball be profecuted or commenced againft any

perfon or perfons, for any fuch aft, matter, or thing fo advifed, commanded, appointed, or done, or fuch contraft or agreement toot performed, he, (he* or they may plead the general ifliie, and .	.	give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the

.plaintiff or plaintiffs in any aftion or fuit profecuted or commenced after the date of the proclamation aforefaid, commanding or appointing the fame to be done, (hall become nonfuited, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer difcontinuance, or if a verdift pafs againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall recover his, her, or their treble cofts, for which he, (he, or they (hall have the fame remedy as in cafes where cofts by law are given to defendants.

Penalties how VI. And be it further enafted. That all and every the fines, and applied Pcna*t*csi an^ forfeitures inflifted by this aft, and all fum and -	*	(urns of money in and by this aft made payable, (hall be paid

and payable, and received and receivable in Irijh currency, and (hall and may be fued for, reco^pred, levied, and applied in ' fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and authorities, as are preferibed, direfted,* and appointed by an aft of parliament made in Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the Second, intituled, An ad for the fettling of the excife or new impojl upon his Majefty, his heirs andfucceffors, according to the books of rates therein inferted, or by any law or laws in force in Ireland relating to his Majeftv’s revenue of excife, as full and effectually, to all intents, conftruftions, and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, expreffed, and enafted in this aft, with like remedy of appeal to and for the party or #	parties who (hall think himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved

or injured as in and by the faid recited aft as aforefaid is provided.

Continuance vil. And be it further enafted. That this aft (hall have ofaa-	Conti.

continuance until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, and no longer.

VIII. And be it further ena&ed, That this aft may be altered, varied, or repealed during this feflion of parliament.

CAP. XII.

Aft maybe altered or re* pealed this lefliou.

An a& to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, fo much of an aft, made in the forty-firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, as relates to the prohibiting the exportation from Ireland of corn or potatoes, or other provifion*; and to the permitting the importation into Ireland of corn, fifh, and pro-v ▼ihooa, without payment of duty .—[December i&03-]

So much of a€t 41 Geo. 3.C.36. as was continued by 43 Geo. 3.0. if* further continued to March 25,1S05.

cap. xm.

An aB to prevent tie defertion and ejeape of petty officers, fcamenj and others, from his Majeffs fervtce, by means or under colour of any civil or criminalprocejs.—[December 15, 1803. J	'

WHEREAS many petty officers and feamen belongi/fg to bis Majejlfs navyy and divers per font who have either volun-] tarify entered intof or being duly imprejfed to ferve in his Majcjlfs, navyy have of late years been taken out of his Majeffs feryice by means of arrefts and detainers, as well both for real and pretended debts or caufes of action, as alfo upon charges or accusations for alleged criminal offences \ and fucb petty ojfficersy feamen, and other perfons a\	,

aforefaidy have been thereupon difebarged out of cuftody, either by due courfe of. law, or by the conftnt of the perfons at whofe fuit or on wbofe complaint they had been fo arrejled, apprehended, or detained^ with intent to enable them, and they have been thereby oftentimes enabled, to defert and efcape from his Majeftfs faidfervice, to 'the great prejudice and detriment of the faid fervice j for remedy thereof be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the paffipg of this Pe^7 officers a£, whenever any petty officer or feaman belonging to his aJreftedTv Majefty’s navy, or anyperfon who (hall have voluntarily enter- (hcriffs, &c> ed into or been imprefled to ferve in his Majefty’s navy, (hall to be kept in be arreded, apprehended, or taken in execution by any fheriff cuft°dy after or (beriffe, or other officer or officers, either upon or by virtue d?fcharced any roefne or other writ or procefs whatfoever, or upon or by from the virtue of any warrant for any alleged criminal offence, and (hall writ, See. and be thereby taken from or out of his Majefty’s fea fervice, or he immediate-from or out of any (hip or veflel appointed for receiving volun- d°lfvered teers and imprefled men to ferve in his Majedy’s navy, or from to the comer out of the cuftody of any officer of the imprefs or other mander in officer in his Majedy’s fea fervice, with whom any fuch perfon chief of his as aforefaid (hall have voluntarily agreed to enter into, or by j^pa, * Whom any fuch perfon as aforefaid mall have been imprefled to totbrve cm ferve in his JMajefty’s navy, or who (hall have the cuftody or board the

charge

• ' *

it "Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 13. [1805.

charge of any foch perfon as aforefaid, the fhejrtflf or -(heri/Fs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers* who (hall have .«*	arrefted	or	apprehended	any	fuch	petty	officer,	feaman,	or other

perfon as aforefaid, or in whofe cuftody any fuch petty Officer, icaman, or other perfon as aforefaid, fhall happen to be, By way of detainer upon or by virtue ofany fuch writ, procefs, warrant, charge 6r accufation, or upon or by virtue of the judgement or fentence of any court, (hall not discharge any fuch petty officer,

' feaman, or other perfon as aforefaid, out of his or their cuftody, either upon payment or fatisfatftion of the debt or debts, caufe or eaufes of adion, or for want of profecution for, or upon ac-qpittal of, the charge or accufation, charges or accufatibns, upon which any fuch petty officer, feaman, or other perfon as afore-* (aid, (hall be in cuftody as aforefaid, or by confent of the perfon or perfons at whofe fuit,* or on whofe behalf any fuch petty officer, feaman,* or other perfon as aforefaid, (hill have been aireiV*. ed, apprehended, taken, or detained, or upon giving.bail, pr any other fecurity, or upon any undertaking either to appear to, or to anfwer or Satisfy, any fuch debt or debts, caufe or eaufes of. si&ioD, charge or accufation, charges or accufations ; or in cafe of convi&ion for any criminal offence or offences after the expiration of any period or term for which any fuch petty officer, feaman, or other perfon as aforefaid, may have been fentenced to be imprifoned; but (hall detain and keep every fuch petty officer, feaman, and other perfon as aforefaid, in his or their cuftody, and* (Kail thereupon forthwith and as foon as every fuch petty officer, feaman, or other perfon as aforefcid, would be entitled to be difeharged out of cuftody, with refpedt to any fuch writ, procefs,’ v Or warrant, or with refpedl to any fuch debt or debts, caufe or eaufes of adtion, charge or charges, accufation or atcufations, judgement, or fentence, with all convenient fpeed, fafely and fectirely condudt and convey, and fafely and fecurely deliver every fuch petty officer, feaman, and other perfon as aforefaid, either unto the commander in chief of fome of his MajeftyV ,	(hips,	or	unto	fome commiffioned officer of the navy, being au-

thorised and empowered to raife Teamen for his Majefty’s fervice, or unto fome principal officer employed in regulating the fervice of railing men for his Majefty’s fleet, whichever (hall be at or neareft to the place where any fuch petty officer, feaman, or other perfon as aforefaid (hall then happen to be, in order that every fuch petty officer, feaman, or other perfon as aforefaid may be detained and kept to ferve on board his Majefty’s fleet,' as before they were liable to do; and fuch commander in chief,

4	officer	of	the	imprefs, or principal regulating officer as aforefaid,

fhall thereupon give and deliver tef fuch fheriff or fheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers as aforefaid, a certificate, diretfted to the treafurer of his Majtfty’s navy,’fpecifying the receipt of every fuch petty officer, feaman, or other perfon as aforefaid as (hall be fo delivered to him rcfpe&ively as aforefaid, and the places from and to which any fuch petty officer, feaman, or other perfon as afgsefaid (hallhavt been conduced add con-

vcyc4

1803.3	Anno regni quadrage&mo quarto Gborgi i ItL c. 13;	13

veyed as aforeiaid; and the (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers* Sheriff; kc. or other officer or officers who (hail have fo conduced* conveyed*to ** P™* far and delivered as aforeiaid any fuch petty officer, feaman, or tt^ other perfon as aforeiaid, (hall thereupon be entitled to receive of officer or tea-and from the faid trcafurer of his Majefty’s navy the futn of two man at the {hillings mile, and no more, for conuu&ing, conveying, and delivering as aforefaid every fuch petty officer* feaman, or other ***	**

perfon as aforefaid, upon produ&ion to the laid treafurer of the navy of fuch certificate*	*•

II.	And be it further enabled. That in cafe any fucb petty Transfer of officer, teaman, or other perfon as aforefaid, {hall be removed I***-from .or out of the cuftody of any (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or	^

gaolers, or. other officer or officers by whom any fuch petty fteriff to aft-officer, feaman, or other perfon as aforclaid (hall have been other to be * arretted or apprehended as aforeiaid, or in whofe cuftody any certified* fuch petty officer, feaman, or other perfon as aforefaid, (haU happen to be, into the cuftody of any other (heriff or (tariffs* gaoler or gaolers, or other officer. or officers, by virtue of any writ of habeas corpus pr other wife, the,(heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other, officer or officers fo having arrefted or apprehended fuch petty officer, feaman, or other per(bn as afiufe-faid, or in whofe cuftody any fuch petty officer, feaman, or other as aforefaid (hall happen to be, (hall certify in writing to the (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or offi? cers, into whofe cuftody fuch petty officer, feaman, or other perfon as aforefaid (hall be fo removed, upon the back of the writ or other proceeding by which fuch petty officer, feaman, s or other perfon as aforeiaid (hall be removed out of the cuftody of fuch (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers as aforefaid, that fuch perfon (o removed as aforefaid is	\

a petty officer, feaman, or other perfon as aforefaid, as the cafe may be,'and liable to .be. kept and detained for his Majefty’s fervke; and fo lotus quoties as often as any fuch petty officer, feaman, or other perfon as aforefaid (hall be removed from the cuftody of one fuch (heriff or.iheriffi, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers, to the cuft9dy of any other (heriff or (henffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or 9fficers.

IU. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That in cafe Sheriff, See. any (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer ot offif negle&ing to cers, (hall. negledl or refufe to conduct and convey, for the coJtyt^clJ. purpofe aforefaid, any fuch petty officer, feaman, or other perfon fcamanas as aforefaid to any diftance n9t exceeding eighty miles for the herein dired-fpace of two days, or to any diftance not exceeding one hun- «d> liable to dred and twenty miles for the fpace of three days, and fo tp*n*^?nfor any other greater diftance, at the tate of forty miles per day, aftertre p * the time that any fuch petty officer, feaman, or other perfon as • aforefaid, ought to be conduced and conveyed as aforefaid, for the purpofe aforefaid, according to the directions of this a&, but (hall wilfully or negligently detain and keep any fuch petty offi-ecr, .feaman, or other perfon a$ rforefaid in his or their cuftody for any (pace of time over* and above' the* feVeral (paces of time

herein*

*4

FmaTty of >06/ on the. fcerifF, &c. lor fufVtring Jbch petty olScor or fea-itoefeapei

limitation of lAions.

Treble cofts

Adt may be altered or repealed this Iciiion.

Arinoregni quadragefimo quarto Geokgii III. c. 13. [1803.

herein-before in that behalf fpecified, without conducing and conveying him as aforefaid, for the purpofe aforefaid, then all and every fuch fheHff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers, /hall be fubjedt and liable to be impleaded in an adtion of trefpaft upon the cafe, at the fuit of every futh petty officer, feaman, or other perfon as aforefaid, who (hall be fo detained as aforefaid % any thing herein contained to the contrary tootwithftanding.*

IV.	And be it further enadted, That in cafe any (heriff or fheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers, (hall not fafeiy and fecurely condudt and convey, and fafely and fecurely deliver, any fuch petty officer, feaman, or other perfon as aforefaid, either unto fuch commander in chief, officer of the imprefs, or principal regulating Officer as aforefaid, whichever (hall be at or neareft to the place where fuch petty officer, feaman, or other perfon as aforefaid, (hall then happen to be, but (hall either wilfully permit or fuffer any fuch petty officer, feaman^ or other perlon as aforefaid, to eftrape and go at large, all and every fuch flieriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or other officer or officers, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be filed for and recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeftminfier for offences committed in England* in his Majefty’s court of exchequer at Edinburgh for offences committed in Scotland, and in any of his Majefty’-s courts of record in Dublin for offences committed in Ireland, by a<51 ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eflbign, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance (hall be allowed; one moiety of which penalty (hall be paid to bis Ma-jeffy, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety thereof to him or them who (hall fue for the fame, together with full colts of fuit.

V.	And be it further enadted, That if any adtion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thirig done in ptirfuance of this adt, fuch adtion or fuit (hail be commenced Within three calendar months next after the fadt ♦committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid in the county or place where the caufe of complaint did arife, and not clfe-where; and the defendant t>r defendants in every fuch adtion or fuit may plead the general ifftie, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants in any fuch action or fuit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs lhall be nonfuited, or dif-continue his, her, or their adtion or fuit after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given againff the plaintiff* or plaintiffs, the defendant 01 defendants (hall have treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant hath in any other cafe to recover cofts by law.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That this /aft may be altered,

varied, orrcpealed, by any adt to be paffed in this prefent feffion of parliament,	--	'	*	■

CAP,

i8o>J Anno regni qrndrtgefimoquarto Gtosoii III. c. 1*4. CAP. XIV.

JntO It amend	twaails, faffed m the forty-firfl and firtyithiri

jeers ef the reign of bis prefent Majcfij ,for permitting Portugal wine ft be landed and warehmifed in the United Kingdom; and te edewSpanifh wine te be ft landed and warebtufed.—[Decern*

I ben* 1803.]

WHEREAS an aft pafftd in theforty-firfl year ef the reign ef

bis prefent Majejly^ intituled, An ad to permit Portugal 4* Geo. j; wine to be landed and warehoufed without payment of duties, c#if* coder certain reftridions, for a limited time: and whereas H is expedient that the period in the faii aft fpeeified* for the payment of th* Mas end removal of the wine landed and warehoufed under that edy Jbeuld be extended : and whereas an aft faffed in the loftfeffion ef parliament, intituled, Ar>a£t to permit Portugal wine to be landed 43 Geo. j; and warehoufed in the United Kingdom without payment afc*lo3* duties, under certain reftriciions, for a limited time: and whereas it is expedient to revive the faid left recited aft, fo far as the fame rtlates to the period of J,hipping Portugal tvine, in Portugal, for importation into the United Kingdom, and to extendfuih period, and aljo the period for landing and wareboufiug Portugal wine: and whereas it is alfo expedient to permit Spanifh wine to he landed and mrebetfed in like manner, and under the fame provifions and regular ~~ tints as Portugal wine j be it therefore enadled by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords (piritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-	-

Viaraenr afTcmbled, and by the authority of tl|c fame. That all Portugal wuw fach Portugal wine as (hall have been imported into the United UmhT the p«t-Kingdom under the provifions of the faid firft recited a&, (hall vifionsofthe be allowed to remain in warehouse under the bonds given upon firft recited the importation thereof, for twelve months after the period fpe-cified in the faid a2t, and fubjelt to the conditions, regulations, andrellri&ions in the faid ad contained: provided always, that houfe under the time fpecified for the payment of the duties under fuch bonds bond twelve as aforefaid (hall be refpeflively extended for the period of twelve months: and all fuch bonds {hail be and'remain in as full force, fp*cjfod in and be good and valid for fuch .extended period ; and the faid recited aSt. a&, and all the powers, authorities, provifions, penalties, for-	*

futures, conditions, reftridions, regulations, claufes, matters, and things in the faid firft recited adi contained in relation to loch wine, (hall be revived and remain in full force as to fuch wines and duties, 9s fully and effectually, in every rcfpe&, as if fuch bonds had been renewed, or new bonds given, and as if all the claufes of the faid a£t had been re-ena&ed in this a II. And be it further enafted. That the time Sn the faid Ti®? ^or. recited i& of the laft feffion of parliament fpecified for the adlual landing and depofiting of wine under the provifions of the faid recited a& of ad, (hall be extended to the fifth day of July one thoufand eight 43 Geo. j. bandied and five, inftead of the fifth day of January one thoufand	*x"

eight hundred and four in the faid a& mentioned} provided that junlyc5 ,goi.

no but no fuch

wine which	no fuch wine which (hall not arrive at the port of importation in |

(hall not arrive Great Britain and Ireland refpediVely before the firft day of June il^e(h”uCbet)ne tbotifand.efeht hundred and four (hall be* allowed -to be admitted to entered for warehoufing under the faid ad or this ad, unlefs it entry unlefs fhall appear, according to the proviiions of the faid ad, that the {hipped before the ^me yfZS a<aually (hipped for importapqtl before the (irftday May x, 1804,	dnc	jhdufand eight hundred and four.

A&stoextend III. And be it further enaded, That the faid laft recited ad to all wine ami this ad, and UPthe claufes therein contained, (hall, froth wiSn^the *nd after the palling of this ad, exteqd and be conftrued to experiods herein tend to all wine that dull have been fmee the firft day of Othbtr mentioned di- one tboufand eight hundred and three, or that (hall within the redly from periods jn this ad mentioned hereafter be imported into the C^uernfey^‘United Kingdom diredly from Spain^ or from the i (lands of Jcriey. Guernfty or Jtrfey\ and all fuch wine, and the importers and owners thereof, (hall, in all cafes in which the fame (hall be pro^ pofed to be warehoufed or (hall he warehoufed. under the faid ad and this ad, be fubjed to all the conditions, regulations, re* ftrtdions, (except fo far as the fame are altered by thia ad J penalties, ahd forfeitures, and all the provifions* clanks, mas 'ters, and things in the faid laft recited ad contained* as fully and effcdually as if the fame were herein fpecrally* and .fevcrally re-enacted is to Spanijb wine brought diredly from Spain.

Importers on IV. .Provided always, and be it further enaded, That any landing the .importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, of any •Spanijb S'^fhwine w*nc ProP°fe<l i0 he warehoused under this ad, who fh*Jl bereiii men- ^dually land and depofit the quantities of Spauijh wine herein-'tioned allow* after mentioned, (hall be allowed the benefit pf this ad; (that is ed the benefit to fay), if in Londen, not lefs than fifteen pipe$ or butts or re-of this ad. puted pipes or butts of Spanijb wine; or if in any other port where any fuch wine may be warehoufed under the faid ad or this ad, ten pipes or butts or reputed pipes or butts of Spamjb wine,; any thing in the faid ad of the iaft feffi6n of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

Frovifions of V. Provided always and be it further enaded) That the faid sVgco 3 °* rec*lc<* a(^ °* l*ft feffion of parliament, and all the clatifeSf c.103. (except powers, and provifions therein contained, (except fo far .as the wl)*rc hereby fame are by this ad altered), fli^Il be and the fame is and are here-altered), to by. revived, and (hall remain and continue in full force for fuch <ratunuein p^rio^ as are in this ad fpecified for the importing and ware-houfing any wine under the faid ad and this ad. ’

A&nwy he VI. And be it further enaded, Thai this ad may.be altered) reined this var‘ed or repealed by any ad or ad$ to be paffed in this prefent ictnon. feflion of parliament.

CAP. XV. //	.......

An ad For raiGng of five millions by loans or exchequer-bills, on the credit ot (uch.atda or fupplies as have.been or ihall be granted by parliament For the fervicc of Great Britain, for the yeat one thouflmd eight hundred and four.—[December iy, 1803.]*

Treafury may raife <,000,000/. by loam or exchequer^ Ha in like manner as is preferibed by the malt ad of thisfcilion, c. id, concerning loans, Ac.

But

iSoj.] Anno r^gniquadragcfimoquartoGEORon IIT. c. 16—18 tf

Bar not to iflat exchequer-bills on the credit of the aftt of this (effion, c 16	17. in any other manner than authorifed by thelc atts, Sec. Ex^

cheqo^r-biBfl to bear an inteieft not exceeding $J. %q. per cent, per diem \ as.i rf not paid out of the hipplits for 1804,, they fhall be receivable in piyaent of the revenue, in four months after their date Not to be re* ccived in payment cf any tixcs until payable. llaufcs. See. in aft, c. 16. rfjtrnjr to exchequer-bills, extended to this aft. Bank of England »u-tfionird to advance a,000.000/, on the credit of this a&, notwithfUuding act s and 6 Gul. et Mar. 6cc.

CAP. XVI.

Ao a# for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, in Great Britain, tor the fcrvice of the year onetboufand eight hundred and four.—[December 15,1803.]

CAP. XVII.

An aA for continuing and granting to his Majefty a duty On penfions* cSces, and perfon.l eft »tcs, in England j and certain duties on fugar* malt, tobacco, and fiiufF, in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thou find eight hundred and four.—[December 15, 1803.]

CAP. XVIII.

An aft to explain and amend two afts, paffed in the farty-ficond and forty-third years of the reign of his prefent Mayfly* relating to volunteers and yeomanry corps in Great Britain.—[December 20*

1803.]

WHEREAS an aft paj/ed in the forty fecond year of the reign n . .

of bis prefent Mayfly, intituled. An aft to enable his Ma- J4^0* ** jefty to avail himfelf of the offers of certain yeomanry and volunteer corps to continue their fervices : and whereas the mufler-rcils mentioned in the fid aft are thereby required to be returned on or bfsre the twenty-fir/t day of September in each year: and whereas an eft faffed in the lajl fcffizn of parliament, intituled. An aft for autho- ^eo. 3* tiling the bilkitiitg of fuch tioops of yeomanry and volunteer ca- c# X4l% valry as may be deftrous of aflembling for the purpofe of being trained together in Great Britain and Ireland; and for fybjefting to military difeipline, during the war, fuch ferjeants ferving in any volunteer or yeomanry corps of cavalry or infantry as receive conftant pay* and all trumpeters* drummers, or bugle men ferving therein, and receiving pay at any daily or weekly rate •, and for the further regulating of fuch yeomanry and vol On tee r corps : and whereas the commanding officers of corps are required, in the if certificates of attendance at mufltr and exercife under the provifions of the fid afts, to /late that the per fins returned by them in the mufler-rw as effeftwe, have attended properly armed and equipped: and whreas by re* fin of the commanding officers of fime corps having emitted, and of others being unable from the periods of their fervices being accepted, to make their returns within the tt mefp reified in the/aid fit/I recited aft \ and alfi by recfju cf jome corps not having been fup~ piud with arms, many per fins who haze dulv and diligently at tended el mufters and exercife, and by their fervices o:.ght to be entitled to the bn. fit of the exemptions given by the /aid acts to volunteers and yeq-Vot. XLV.	C	Munry

Mu far-rolls may be returned after

perfons who nave duly It tended mutter and exer eife of their corps tjhe number of

18 AnnoregniquadragefimoquartoGeorgiiIII.c. 18. [180;

manry under the fold a£ls% and the feveralaQs relating to the and defence of the kingdom, cannot claim fucb exemptions \ for retrace] whereof, may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may fc enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majc by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and tem porat, and commons, in this prefeqt parliament aflembled, axil by the authority of the fame, That it (hall be lawful for the com

......... manding officers of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers wh

the paffing of may have omitted, or have been unable to make their return this aft of under the faid firft recited aft at the period therein fpecified, arn the names of a]f0 for thc commanding officers of any corps not having beei fupplied with arms, to return, at any time or times after th palling of this aft, mutter-rolls in the form in the fald recirct acts fpecified, of the names of every perfon in their refpe£tiv< corps who (hall have duly attended at the mutter and exercifi

______ w of the corps to which he belongs, the number of days fpecifiec

days fpetified in the faid recited ads refpeftively, and by fuch attendance fbal in recited ads, have become effeftive according to the provifions of the faid re-fnn	(cxceP*	*n	^°far as they are altered by this ad); aod

turned (hall *vcry perfon duly returned in any fuch mutter-roll under this a<3 from the date (hall, from the date of fuch mutter-roll, be exempted from ferving of the mutter- in the militia or in Any additional force raifed or to be raifed under e°** t^from any a^ or	^ fe®on parliament, and from fupply-

faring in the *n8 any vacancies therein, and (hall remain fo exempted fo long mitttiaor any a* his name (hall be duly returned as an effeftive member in the additional future mutter-rolls of his corps: provided always, thit every Wt*k mufter-roIl which (hall have been returned by any commanding °®ccrs aft«r period prescribed by the fyid firft recited aft, and bers, &c. before the patting of this aft, (hall be as valid andeffcftua) to exempt the perfons therein returned as effeftive, as if the fame In calcs where had been returned after the patting of this aft: provided always, arms have not that ;n every cafe in which any perfons returned in any fuch afp^iafre- mutter-roll (hall not have been properly armed and equipped by turntobe reafon of not having been fupplied with arms, the commanding nude.	officer making the return, inftead of ftating the perfons fo re-

turned to have been properly armed and equipped, (hall make .a fpecial return that arms had not been fupplied or procured to enable him to certify according to the provifions of the faid recited afts.

II; Provided always, and be it further enafted. That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend or be conttrued to extend to any^didmial S*vc any v°lunte$r or yeomanry corps, or any member thereof, exemption, not entitled thereto by their terms of fervice, any exemption exceot fo far whatever, or to extend any exemption to any members of any as relates to volunteer corps or yeomanry not entitled thereto under any of as^to th?p£a t*ie Prov»fions of the bid recited afts, or any aft of the laft feffion riod of return- of parliament, except fo far as relates to any alteration in this aft in£ mutter- contained as to the period or mode of returning mutter-rolls.

III.	And whereas doubts have arifin whether the wives and famt-&** °f PerforiS enrolled in volunteer corps are entitled to relief: and k	whereas it is expedient that the wives and families of fuch perfons

doing

Aft not to give any volunteer corps

1804.] Anno regniquadragefimo quarto Georoii III. c.19—22. 19

daag military duty Jbould have relitf during the abftntt 0/ fueh ptr-fim am military duty} be it therefore enacted, That all perfons in f°r the rohmtcer corps, when marched on any fummons of any lord- relief of the lieutenant, or in confequence of any general fignal of alarm, or wives and • when voluntarily aflembled doing military duty upon any appear* families of ance of invafion, with the approbation of his Majefty,. figni tied jj**1jJVSun-through one of his Majefty’s fecretaries of ftate, (hall be entitled teer corps, to fach and the like relief, and undeV fuch and the like circurn- when called ftaaccs as are mentioned in two feveral ads pafled in the forty- upon military third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, relating to the duty» *c* militia of England and St$tland refpedivcly, and of another ad pafled in the fame year, relating to the defence of the realm; and all fans of money that (hall have been before the paffing of this ad advanced or paid to any fuch wives or families by any over-fccror overfeers, or parifh officer or officers that (hall have been or (hall be certified in manner directed by the faid laft-mentioned aft, (hall be repaid by the receiver-general of the county out of aoy pubiick monies, and allowed in his accounts; and all over-fem, parifh-officers, receivers-general, and others who have advanced or repaid any fuch monies, under any order from the lords-commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, (hall be indemnified.	.

IV.	And be it further ena&td, That this ad may be altered, ^rcd orre-varied, or repealed by any ad or ads to be pafled in this feffion pealed this of parliament.	feffion.

CAP. XIX.

An aft for ptmiihing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.—[March 9,1804.]

Number of forces 129,039.

C A P. XX.

As aft for the regulation of his. Majefty's royal marine forces while oa (hore.—[March 9,1804.]

CAP. XXI.

An aft to continue, until three months after any reftriftion impofed by my aft of the prefent feffion of parliament on the bank of England from iffuing calh in payments {hall ceafe, an aft, made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for confirming and continuing the reftriftions on payments in cafh by the bank of Ireland, and alio an aft made in the forty-third year of the teign of his prefent Majefty for amending the faid aft.—[March 9,1804.]

CAP. XXII.

do off to indemnify	all	perfons	who concerned in iffuing	or

tarrying into execution an order of the	of	his

Mdjtflfs treafury for permitting the exportation of feed corn to Portugal from Ureat Britain.—[March 9, 1804.]

WHEREAS in conference of the	of	the	kingdom	ef

Portugal for feed corn, application was made	to

aftrta limited quantity thereof: and whereas furious inconvenience

C 2

zo Anno regniquadragefimoquartoGEORGiiIII. c 43—25. [1804.

wight haveartfen from delaying fuch permi/flin; and for the lion thereof the commifjioners of his Majefiys tufloms, in purfuance o) directions to that effed from the Ibrds-commijftoners of his Mije/iy* j treafury, have allowed the exportation of about fix or feven thiufam* quarters of corn from Great Britain for the fupplying of the kingdom ^Portugal: and whereas it is therefore expedient that the fame Jhould he functioned by parliament, and all perfons ijfuing, giving, or advifing • fuch directions, or aCting under fuch directions, or concerned in the ijfuing, giving, or advifing" any fuch directions, and alfo all perfons aCting under or in purfuance thereof Jhould be refpeCitvely indemnified; be it therefore enaCted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritua! and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by Pcrfonsfriving the authority of the fame. That all perfons iflinng, giving, or directions for advifing any fuch directions as aforefaid, or concerned in the ttl^ofcorn	giving,	or	advifing	any	fuch	directions, and alfoall perfbn9

to Portugal, acting under or in purfuance of the faid directions, (hall be, and and prrions are hereby indemnified for and on account of the fame, and of adling under flny aCt, matter, or thing done in purfuance of and in conformity tions fliall*be t0 directions as aforefaid, as fully and effectually to all intents indemnified. and porpofes whatever as if the fame directions had been given, and fuch aCls, matters, and things done in purfuance of any a6k or aCts of parliament.

Actions al- H. And be it further enaCted, That if any aCtion, fuit, or proready com- fecution hath been already commenced againft any perfon or ^f(tayed?ay Pcr^ons for any fach matter, or thing fo advifed, it (hall and and thede- may be lawful for the defendants or defenders in fuch actions, fendanrs may fuits, or profecutions refpeCtively in whatever courts in Great h ive double Britain fuch aCtions, fuits, or profecutions (hall have been com-coiU.	menced, to apply to fuch court or courts refpeClively, to flay all

proceedings therein refpeClivelyby motion inafummary way; and fuch court or courts are hereby required to make order for that purpofc accordingly; and the court or courts making fuch order, (hall award and allow to the defendants or defenders refpedtively double colts of fuir, for which they (hall refpeClively have the like remedy as in cafes where the cods are by law given to defendants or defenders.

/	CAP,	XXIII.

An aCt for allowing veflels employed in the Greenland whale-fifhenr, and clearing out from any poj t in Great Britain, to complete tneir full number of men at certain ports for the prefent feafon.—[March 9, 1804.]

CAP. XXIV.

An aCt for further continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and fix, an aCt made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Mnjefty, for rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.—[March 9, 1804.]

CAP. XXV.

An aCt to enable his M.ijefty to grant the inhentance. in fee Ample, of cer-* tain manors, me images, lands, nn* hereditaments, in the parifhes of Byfleet, Weybridge. Walton, Walton Leigh, and Chertfey in the county of Surrey, to his royal highnefa Frederick duke of York and Albariy, for a valuable coniiilciation.—[Mir.h 9, 2S04 ] .

CAP.

xgo^.J Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26.	21

CAP. XXVI.

A *8 far charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thou-fatd eight hundred and five,, certain rates and duties, and for at-tawing certain bounties and drawbacks upon goods y wares, and merchandize^ imported into and exportedfrom Ireland ; and alfo for charging certain inland duties of excife and taxes in Ireland in lieu of former rates, duties and taxesy bounties, and drawbacks*

—[March 23, 1804 ] .

T X THEREAS by an aftpaffed in the parliament of Ireland, in the V V fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Mftftyy intituledy An ea 3* v v ad for granting for one year, the feveral duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable upon the articles theiein fpe-	,

cified during the Paid term, and for regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majefty’s colonies, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, certain duties on importation and exportation, and certain drawbacks on exportation, and alfo certain bounties or allowances on exportation and importation into and from Ireland, of the goodly wares, and manufactures in the fa id ah mentioned and alfo certain fums of money, duties of inland cxcife, and taxes in the jaid act mentioned, were granted and allowed for the term by the faidaft limited and apjminted: and whereas the faid aft bath been altered and amended and continuedy and feveral other duties have been granted by dhers afts of the parliament of Ireland, and of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and whereas certain of the duties, drawbacks, bounties, allowances, and taxes y now payable under, end by virtue of the faid feveral afts, will expire and be determined on the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and Jour) and certain other of the faid duties9 drawbacks^ bounties, al-hwanceSy and taxtSy are hereby intended to be repealedy in order that . the fame may be confolidatcd in this aft: and it is expedient that certain duties, drawbackSy bounties, allowances, and taxes, Jhould be granted and allowed in lieu of the Jaid duties, drawbacks, hour, tiesx allowances, and taxes fo expirirg or repealed; may it therefore p cafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual 3nd temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fime. That an ad parted in the forty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a ft for repealing certain duties^ peafof vfm tea imported into Ireland, and for granting other duties in lieu	<?'

tbereafy and for granting additional duties on fugar and coals im- '	'	°

ported into Ireland ; and alfo one other act palled in the forty-tecond year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for 4* Geo. 3, gracting to his Majefiy certain additional duties on goods importedc* l^7* into and exported from Ireland; and alfo one other ad parted in Qeo the forty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An	**

eft for granting to his Majijly certain duties on the importation of gwlSyWareSy a\d merchandise into, and on goj?ds%waresy and mer-. ikandi%e7 exported from Ireland, and alfs certain duties of excife on

fpirits

this a&; fee f. 48.) the duties on importation into Ireland, under fchedules A, and B.

On exportation from Ireland under fchedule C. On entries in

22	Anno regniquadragefimoquarto Geo&gii HI. c.26. [1804.

fpirits and malt	diftilledand made in Ireland, (ball, from and after

the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and four, be, and the fame are hereby accordingly repealed j except as to recovering or paying any duties or arrears of any duties, or taxes granted by the faid ads or any of them, or by any other ad or a61s of the parliament of	,	or	of	the United

Kingdom, and as to the recovering, levying, or paying, any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, relating thereto, which may have been or (hall be due or incurred at any time before or upon the faid twenty-fifth day of Marth one thoufand eight hundred After «fth and four.	'	I

March 1804., II. And be it further enaded, That, from and after the faid there (hall be twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and paid (during four, during the continuance of this alt, there (hall be railed, levied, cplleded, and paid throughout Ireland unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, bis heirs and fucceHors, upon the importation into Ireland of goods, wares, and merchandize, as mentioned and fet forth in the fchedules or tables rcfpc&ively marked A, and B. hereunto annexed; and upon the exportation from Ireland of goods, wares, and merchandize, as mentioned and fet forth in the fchedule or table marked C. hereunto annexed ; and upon certain entries, inwards and outwards in the port of Dublin, and upon certain (hips or vcftpls trading to

_ ________ Ireland, mentioned and fet forth in the fchedule or table marked

port of Dublin D. hereunto annexed, the feveral rates and duties, and addi-and on (hips tional duties, as the fame are refpellively deferibed and fet forth “Of*®1 in words and figures in the faid fchedules or tables marked A,

Drawba k in an<* an<* ,*iat t*lere fhall be Pa,d an<* allowed upon fchedules Am *be exportation from Ireland of the feveral goods, wares, and ’ merchandize mentioned and fet forth in the faid fchedules or tables marked A, and B. the feveral drawbacks inferted, fet forth, and deferibed in words and figures in the faid fchedules or tables refpe&ivelyj and upon the exportation from and importation into Ireland of the goods, wares, and merchandize deferibed in the fchedule or table marked £. hereunto annexed, there (hall be paid and allowed the feveral bounties and allowances as the fame are fet forth and deferibed in words and figures therein mentioned.

III.	And be it further ensiled, That the faid feveral rates and duties mentioned and fet forth in the faid feveral fchedules or tables refpellively marked A, B, and C. (hall be refpellively (hall be in lieu paid in lieu and full fatisfaliion of all cuftoms, fubfidies, and ot all former duties whatever payable in Ireland under and by virtue of any all or alls of parliament in force there, upon the importation or exportation of goods, wares, and merchandize, except the duties payable in the port of Dublin upon coals by an aH patted coaisunder 'n‘ the parliament of Ireland in the twenty-third and twenty-93, «4 Geo. 3. fourth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An fir (I.) c. 31. continuing and amending an a£l, pajfed in the twenty-fecond year of J“?< bis prefent Majejlf s	reigny intituled, ‘ An all for the improvement

*	— — at/*	ai/tf at f	■ n turn «ma£ih<v modi Am ammA  —* — -* —-* dUm (Istet ae

and B.

Bounties under fchedule E.

The faid dur ties on importation and exportation

duties 1

except the duties on



I.)c. 17.J * ef th city of Dublin, by making \ttide and convenient fajjagti

through

i£o4*] Anao regni quadragefimo quarto Georgxi III. c. i6.	23

through the fame; am/ for regulating the coal trait thereof, and fir for xmprov^ other furpefes-,* and except the duties payable upon timber 0fI”* DuWmi all kinds, planks or blocks of mahogany, and of all other kinds ^duUe?on of wood, boards of all kinds, ftaves, bricks, blocks of marble, timber under and all kinds of ftone which Shall arrive in any (hip or veflel 1% Geo. 3. in the port or harbour of Dublinf or in the harbour of DunUary, c. 35. [amend, by an ad pafled in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-fccond j?* ** y*?* year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, Jn ait fir re- pu£lin bar. fairing and freftrving the walls of the river Anna LiflFey in the hour. dty ef Dublin ; and for amending an ait faffed in the twenty-Jixth year of his MnjeJbfs reign, intituled, * An ail fir promoting the trade of Dublin, by rendering its port and harbour more com-aadmtf;’ and the faid duties (hall be fcveraliy paid down net in Duties to be ready motley Irijb currency, without any difeount or allows down* snee whatever.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That nothing Ad (hall not in this ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, lop^tOTstopay compel the proprietor or proprietors of goods, wares, or mer- duties on P chandixe, to pay the duties upon the landing thereof, in refped landing

of any goods, wares, and merchandize, in any cafes in which goods which the duties due and payable upon fuch goods, wares, or mer-	"

chandize, might on and immediately before the faid twenty* houfed. fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and four, have been, at the requeft and ri(k of the importer or proprietor thereof, fecured in warehouses for payment of duties, or by the bond of the importer or proprietor thereof, under the pro-vifions of any a& or a£ks of parliament in force in Ireland, on and immediately before the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and four, during the continuance of any fuch ad or afts refpe&ively.

V.	Provided alfo. That in cafe the importer or proprietor of Duties (hall be any goods, wares, or merchandize, which (hall have been fe- Pa*d on cured in warehoufes by virtue of any a6t or a£!s of parliament warchoules, in force in Ireland, on or immediately before the faid twenty- for which the fifth day of March onfc thoufand eight hundred and four, and on duties have which the duties due on the importation thereof (hall not have ***” P*id» been paid, (hall be defirous during the continuance of this a& b^fm*c of taking any fuch goods out of fuch warehoufe for the-purpofe March 13,

of being ufed or confumed in Ireland; then and in fuch cafe 1804. the duties impofed by this ad (hall be payable thereon, not-withftanding fuch goods may have been imported into Ireland, or bonded before the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and four: provided alfo, that nothing herein . contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to permit any goods to be delivered from fuch warehoufe for the purpofe of being ufed or confumed in Ireland, or for any other purpofe whatsoever, unlefs fuch goods could have been lawfully fo delivered before the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and four, or the duties for which fuch goods had been detained in fuch warehoufe (hall have been fully paid and difeharged,

VI.	Pro.

C 6? :

40 Goo 1. 00 C. 3 VI

*4 Annoregni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26; [1804..

of VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Gr/a? Hrit0|ii n l^'s conta*nc^ Ihall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to and irebnd.	or	aher	any	°f rhe provifions contained in two alls for

*	the union of Great Britain and Ireland, the one made in the

[?<;,*oGto.3. parliament of Great Britain, in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years o: the reign of his prefent Majcftv, and the other made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his prelcnt Majefty, or any other a& or alls in force on and immediately before the (aid twenty-fifth day of March one thou-fand eight hundred and four, by which any goods wares, or merchandize, the growth, produce, or nianutall re of Great Britain, imported from Great Britain into Ireland, or any good** wares, or merchandize, the growth, produce, or manufa&ure of Ireland, exported from Ireland to Great Britain* are reipeltively made to remain liable to or are charged with of exempted from any duties of cuftoms or excife, whether countervailing or others, or by which any drawbacks or bounties are allowed or given in rcfpelt of any fuch goods wares, or merchandize, lave and except the countervailing or other dunes and drawbacks Except a* to granted by the faid alts for the union of Great Britain and hw amTother *refonds or by any other alt or alts made in purfuance of th« duties <»fcer provifions in the faid alts of union, for and in refpect of beer, tained by this coals, hops, malt, fait, fi 1 k-manufailures, fpirits and refined or any all in fugar ; and which countervailing or other duties are or may be o^union.' a^certa'ne<^ by this prefent alt, or by any other act or act> palled [s^e poll. f. 7, or t0 be pafftd in this prefent fefiion of parliament, in purfuance of and c. 17, of the provifions contained in the faid alts oi union for i hat purpofe.

VII.	And whereas it was in and by the Jixth arlicit of the union ofGreat Britain arid Ireland, among other things, provid'd and declaredy that fait and hops Jhould pay, on importation into Ireland fr m Great Britain, duties n:t exceeding thofe whnh were then paid an importation into Ireland; and that coals on importation into Ireland from Greaj Britain Jhould be fubjett to burthens not exceeding thofe to which they were then fubjefl: and whereas it is expedient to grant certain duties on the importation into Ireland of fuch fait, hops, and coats, in lieu of fuch duties as may be payable on the fame, under and hy virtue of any all of the parliament of Irt bind, made previous to the faid ails oj union, or any other all or ails in force immediately before the pajfwg of this all; be it therefore enalted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one rhoufand eight hundred anc* f°ur> during the continuance of. this alt, there [according to (ball be raifed, levied, collelted, and paid unto his Mjjefty, his provifions of heirs and fucce (Tor?, upon the importation .into Ireland from Great Union alls],	c	c	» -* - ---» —»- iV:-----c	a.	-----u —j

this fclrion.J

Duties on fait, hops, and coals,

imported from Great Bruin into Ireland.

Britain, of fair, Imps, and coals, being of the growth, produce, or fnanufallure of Great Britain, the.feveral and refpeltive duties following; (that is to fay).

For and upon every bufhel of white fait, weighing fifty-fir pounds, the fum of two (hillings ;

For and upon every ton of rock fait, containing forty bufhels, each bufhel weighing fixty-five pounds, the (pm qf three pounds:

Fox;

1804.} Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgi 1III. c. 26.	25

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of hops, the fum of one penny farthing ;

And ror and upon every ton of coals, the fum of one (hilling md nine-pence:

And that there (hall be paid and allowed on the exportation Drawback on cf fuen cads and hops from Ireland a drawback of all the duties C04^8 ndhop?. -dually paid thereon.

VIII.	And be it further enabled. That fo much of this aft oi°dut?e^ as rentes to the duties impofed upon the importation of goods, American v«re>, or merchandize from the United Slates of America, afui goods, bcued, dtfenbed, and fet forth in the fchedule hereunto annexed, marked B., (hall continue in force during :he continuance of this aft, in cafe an aft patted in the fortv-firft year of

his prctent Majefty’s reign, intituled An oft to facilitate the trad: ozdUtcrcoufe betueen Ireland and the United states cf America, * during toe continuance of the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation, between bis AJajejty and the Jdid States, (hall (o long continue and be in force, but not other wife; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.	-

IX.	And be it further enafted. That in cafes where the	tp_

duties b) this aft impofed upon tobacco imported into Ireland bacco,

fhall be patd,.then the fum of two-pence halfpenny for every pound 7,300/. of weight thereof, and alfo fo much of the produce of the duties 1*utv on te*s* aiifingupon teas, as (hall amount to the annual luin of Icven thou fund three hundred pounds Irijh currency, (hall be from time count to time refpectively carried to the account to be kept of his M3- reditary rt-iefly’s hereditary revenue, and (hall be deemed part of his Ma- vcnu<* jelly’s laid hereditary revenue.

X.	And be it further enafted. That in all cafes where the

dines by this aft, or any of the fchedules hereunto a:inexed, ftuty^lTUuL impofed upon the importation or exportation of goods, wares, rem on inland merchandize into or from Ireland, are charged not according portalion or to the weight, tale* guage, or meafure, but according to the value thereof, fuch value (hall be taken and eftimated at the tafned* A aiiual price thereof, with the.addition of freight and att other charges and expcnces whatfoever, exclufivc of the duties paid cr payable by law on any fuch goods, wares, and merchandize, or on the importation or exportation thereof refpeftivcly; and ll.atfuch value (hall be afeertained (except as in this aft is provided), by the oath of the importer, exporter, or pit rictor of fjch goods, wares, and merchandize, or of his known agent or fjcior, in the manner and form, and under all the rules and regulations, and fubjeft to the fame forfeitures and penalties as are or may be preferibed, direfted, and impofed for afeertaining ar»d collecting the duties to be paid according to the value thereof, by an aft patted in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An alt Viz. as under ktUr regulating the collection of his Majeftf s revenue, and for pre- ^f^o Gco0^* 'anting of frauds therein; and for repealing an alt made in the ^ 1 j c 4;. thirty ninth year of the reign of his prefnt Majefty, intituled, 1 An 1 9*. 99. re-ifi for continuing and amending fever al laws relating tc his Mayfly's

ported, pay. m* doty ad valorem.

%6 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gxoegii III. c. 26. [1804.

revenue\ andfir tbt more effectually preventing the frauds, therein,* and the feveral ads and Jlatutes which are mentioned to he continued by this afty and by any a& for continuing or amending the fame; and in cafe fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, maft not be valued according to the true and real value thereof, and according to the true intent and meaning: of this uSt, then it (hall be lawful for the proper officer or officers of the revenue to caufe the fame to be detained; and the Did goods, wares, or merchandize, (hall be dealt with, and the feveral officers of the revenue (hall proceed in every refpe& in the manner preferibed or to be preferibed by the faid laft recited adt, or by any ad or ads for continuing or amending the fame.

Afbevtaming XI. And be it further enadted, That in all cafes where any vahie of prut goods, wares, and merchandize imported or brought into Ireland goods im- on	are by this ad, or by any of the (chedu)es

hereunto annexed, impofed, not according to the tale, guage, weight, or meafure, but according to the value thereof, (hall be condemned as prize, fuch value (hall be ascertained by the grofs price at which fuch goods, wares, or merchandize (hall be publicity (old, without any deduction or abatement whatever; and fuch goods (hall and may be detained until the duties due thereon (hall have been fully paid and fatisfied.

XII. And fir the better afeertaining the price of teas, being of the growth and produce of the Ea(l Indies, imported into-Ireland from Great Britain, according to which the duties are impofed thereof and alfo fir the afeertaining the value of all goods, wares, and merchant dsze importedinto Ireland which had been imported into Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, on which the duties are charged by this ad, not according to the tale, weighty guage, or meafure, but according to the value thereof:

How prices of be it enadtod, That the price of all teas, and the value of all fuch be*	600^s> wares, and merchandize fo imported, (hall be inferted in

India good#, t*le refpedlive cockets, and the price of fuch teas, and the value rated ad va- of fuch goods, wares, and merchandize, (hall be refpeAively taken iorem, (ball be at the grofs price at which the fame teas, goods, wares, and mer-afccrtained. chandize fo imported, (hall have been refpcdlively bought at the publick fales of the faid company; and the principal accountant or deputy accountant for the time being of the faid Eafl*India company is hereby required and diredted, on demand made by any perfon authorised by the chief commiffioners of the revenue of Irelandfrom time to time to furni(h the faid commiffioners with copies of fuch parts of the faid books as /hall relate to the purchafe and fate of the teas, and other goods, wares; and merchandize fo imported, and which copies being verified by affidavit made before the lord-mayor of London for the time being, and being attefted by a notary publick in the city of London* (hall, without further proof either of the faid affidavit or of the faid copies, be admitted as evidence in all fuits commenced or arifing under this alt.

XIII.

Ho duties Jltall be paid on importation of goods

And be it further cnadted, That during thecontinuance of this aft, no duty (hall be paid on the importation of any of the

articles

ifofj Anno regni quadraa^rtio quarto Georgii III. c. 2 6.	.	27

snicks /pacified » *ny of the faid fcbcdules to be duty-free on ftsted to be

inporfidon into Inland ; provided that due entry of all fuch

goods be made in the cuftom-houfc of the port in Ireland where e 6cheduieie

foch goods (hall be imported, expreffing and fctting forth in every Due entry

fiich entry the particular mirks and numbers of the packages in ***“5 m*®Ce

which any fuch goods {hall be imported, with the quantities and

qualities, and particulars thereof, and value thereof, and in the

fame manner and form as entries are legally to be made in /r#-

ItfWin cafes of importation of goods duty-free; and that fuch

goods ball be landed at the places and times required by law*

sod io the prefence of the proper officer, and by bim examined

and ^charged, otherwife fetch goods (ball be forfeited and may

helmed by any officer of the revenue.

XIV.	And whereas the inhabitants of the ijlands rfJerfcy, Guera-fey, Sark, and Alderney, are by law permitted and allowed to im-fat isto Great Britain, any goods* wares* and merchandize of the Irewtb* produce^* or manufacture of thofe rejpedive tfles* (other thorn (sit) afon certificates from the reffective governors* lieutenant or de* jmtj governors* or commanders in chief for the time being; and oaths it fere the magiftrates of the faid ijlands of Jerfey and Guernfey re-jpeftwdh that the fame are of the growth* produce, and manufaQun tf the fold ijlands or either of them* without paying any cuftoms*fub~ fdm} or duties for aisd in rejfpeCt thereof: and whereas it is expedient to great fuch perrmffion with refpeCt to the importation of goods* the grwrfi, produce, and manufacture of the faid ijlands* into that part of tie Usitcd Kingdom called Ireland, as is hereinafter mentioned5 be it therefore enaOed, That, during the continuance of this ad, the faid inhabitants (ball and may (with and under fuch certificates (except fait), and oaths as aforefaid) import into any lawful port in Ireland* may be im-any goods, wares, and merchandize (other than fait), of the	like

growth, produce, and manufadure of the faid iflands or either of Britain* them, without paying any greater or other duties for and in re- [See Britifti

withftanding.

XV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded, That Not to ex-nothing in this ad contained {hall exempt or be conftrued to ex- c™Pj **5*3* empt any goods or commodities of the growth, produd, or ma.	*

nufsdure of sny foreign nation or country, which may be im- jerfcy, Sec. potted into any of the faid iflands, or fuch foreign goods or commodities as (hall or may be in part or fully manufadured in any of the laid iflands by the people thereof, or any fait whatever, imported into Ireland from any of the faid iflands, from payment of all fuch cuftoms, duties, and other impofitions on the importation of the fame, from any of the faid iflands into Ireland* as are or (hall be due and payable for goods and commodities of the . to fend imported into Ireland, from Any foreign nation or coootry, of which the faid goods are the growth, produd, or uaanhdare; any law, cuftom, or ufige to the contrary not-

XVI. Pro-

*8, AnnoregniquadragefimoTqu«~^GEoRGn til. c.26. [1804.

Firti cf British or Irifh taking *nd curing may be in>-

jotted doty tree.

Matter fh*U make oath on entry, that fifh waa fo taken and cured.

Regulations under which produce of creature's taken in any part of the ocean by fuhjt&s may be entered on payment of duty, as of Britiill billing; viy.. proof of" their being fo takeny and producing the log bonk of the (hip, &c.

XVI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enisled, That fi(h of every kind or fort whatever, of Britijh or Irijh taking and curing, caught or taken in any part of the ocean by the crews of any (hips or veflels built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the iflands of Jerfty-t Guemfey, or Moti% or in any of the colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories, which now belong or at the time of building fuch veflels or (hips did belong, or which may hereafter belong to or be in the pofleflionof his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, and wholly belonging to and owned by his Majefty's fubje&s, and navigated and regiftered according to law, (hall and may, during the continuance of tbit a&, be imported into Ireland, in in (hips built, owned, navigated, and regiftered as aforefaid, without payment of any duty of cuftoms whatever; any thing this a& or any other att or a&s to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

XVII.	Provided always, That before fuch fith (hall be admitted to entry, the mafter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of Jthe (hip or veflel in which fuch fi(h (hall be imported, (hall make oath before the collector or other chief officer of the revenue, at the port of importation, (who is hereby authoriied and required to adminifter fuch oath), that fuch fifh was actually caught, taken, and cured, wholly by his Majefty’s fuhjedls.

.XVIII. And be it further enabled. That whale fins, oil, or blubber cf Gales, Teal-oil, or feaUfkins, or any other produce of filb or feals, or other creatures, taken or caught in any part of the ocean, by fubje&s of his Majefty, ufually refiding in Great Britain or Ireland, or the iflands of Gutrnfey^ Jerfty, Alderney, Sark, or Man, in (hips or vcflels built in either of the faid kingdoms or iflands, owned, regiftered, and navigated according to law, (hail and may, during the continuance of this ad, be admitted to entry on payment of the duty by this ad impofed on fuch ai tides of Britijh fifhing or catching, provided that proof be made that the faid articles were actually caught and taken by the crew of the veflel in which they are imported, by the oath of the mafter of fuch veflel, that the fame were bona fide fo caught and taken: and provided always, that a log-book (hall be con-ftantly kept on board fuch (hip or veflel, in which log-book the various fuuations and occurrences fefpeding fuch (hip or veflel, during the whole courfe of the, voyage, (hall be inferted every day, and particularly the times when fuch (hip or veflel (hall have been in fight of land, diftinguiihing what land and the bearings thereof, and the fuppofed diftances therefrom, and the foundings, and alio the time when and the latitude in which any whale or other creature living in thefea (ball have been killed, taken, or caught, by the crew of fuch (hip or veflel; which log-book fo to be kept as aforefaid (hall be delivered by the mafter or other perion having or taking th? charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, at the time of his making a report of fuch (hip or veflel, to the colle&or or other offi :er of the revenue, at the port in Ireland where fuch (hip or veflel (hall arrive, for his infpe&ion and ex- I

animation;

i$o4>] Anno regniquadragefimoquarto Georgii IIT. c. 16.	29

artiinarion; and the faid matter or other pcrfon having or taking the charge or command of fuch {hip or vefiel, together with the mace thereof, (hail jointly and feverally verify on cath the contents of fuch log-book before fuch collector or officer, who is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the fame.

XIX. And whereas it is expedient that oil or blubber of fifh, or creatures living in the fea, actually caught and taken on the banks and fares of the ifland of N e w found land and parts adjacent, wholly by hit Majeftys fnbjefts, carrying on the faid fijhery from the faid ifland\ and refang therein, fauld be admitted to entry on payment of the like duty as if caught and taken wholly by bis Mojefty's fubjettt carrying on the Joid fifaryfrom his Majefly'% European dominions, and ufually refiding in the faid dominions \ be it therefore enacted, That, during the continuance of this act, all fuch oil or blubber (hall be admitted °t ^^2* to entry, on payment of the duty by this a& impofed on rrain oil, land, by rubor blubber of Newfoundland of Britijh fifhing, notwithftanding iclidmg fuch oil or blubber of fiih, or creatures living in the fea, (hall have	be

been caught and taken by his Majcfiy’s fubjc&s carrying on the paymcrnnjf faid fifliery from and refiding in the faid ifland : provided always, NewtounH-that before any fuch oil or blubber (hall be admitted to entry as duty, as on! aforefatd, the matter or other perfon having or taking the charge or *rtl-1°*	.

command of the (hip or veffel in which any fuch oil or blubber (hall be imported (lull produce and deliver to the colledor, or tiiu clndi-other chief officer of the revenue, at the port in Ireland into which tious. fuch oil or UubCcr (hall be imported, a certificate under the hand and feal of the naval officer in Newfoundland, or if there (hall not be any naval officer, then under the hand and feal of the commander of any of his Majeftv’s (hips Rationed there, tettifying that oath has been made before him (who is hereby authorifed and required in fuch cafe to adminitter the fame) by the perfon or perfons who a&ually caught the fifh, or creatures living in the fea, from which the oil or blubber mentioned in fuch ceitiflcate was produced, that fuch oil or blubber was really and bond fide' the oil or blubber of fiih or creatures living in the fea, actually caught and taken on the banks and Chores of the ifland of New-fiundland and parts adjacent, wholly by his Majefty's fubjccU carrying on fuch fifhery from the faid ifland. and refiding therein; and provided fuch matter or other perfon having or taking the charge or command of the (hip or vefiel, fo importing fuch oil or blubber, (hall alfo make oath before fuch collector or other chief officer (vrhd is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the fame) th. tthe oil or blubber lo imported are'the fame oil or blubber mentioned and refeired to in the faid certificate.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful for the importer, proprietor, or confunee of any fiih oil or blubber, fcal (kins, or other produce of the Britijh Nnu+ Ln 1 may be fiundland fifhery imported into Ireland, direflly from the ifland of bonded. Newfoundland^10 waiehoufe the fame in Ireland, and to give bond to his Majefty, his heirs and fucccflbrs, with one fufficient fizrery in the penalty of treble the amount of the duty on fuch fiih oil, or other produce as aforefaid, with condition that fuch fiih oil, or

other

How drawbacks and bounties fhall be paid.

Goods mult be exported within three years for drawbacks. Coaches x% months.

30 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgxi III. c. 26. £ 180^

other produce of the faid fi(hery, (hall be duly exported frot Inland, within twelve calendar months from the date of fuel bond, or that the duties by this ad'impofcd on the. importatio thereof (hall be paid on the fame being taken out of the warehoui for home confumption, or within twelve fuch calendar months which bond (ball be taken by the colledor or other chief office of his Majefty's revenue at the port of importation, who ar< hereby refpedively authorifed and required to take fuch bond.

XXL And be it further enaded, That all drawbacks, bounties and allowances whatfoever by this a d granted, allowed, or mad< payable upon the exportation from Ireland of any goods, wares or merchandize, articles, matters, or things whatfoever, dial without any ‘fee or deduction be paid by tbe fcveral collcQtors 01 other chief officers of tbe revenue at the refpedive ports of exportation, within one calendar month after tbe fame (hall be lawfully demanded, out of any money arifing out of any duties by them colleded: provided always, that no drawback or allowance whatfoever (ball be paid or allowed, unlefs the goods, wares, or merchandize, (other than coaches and other carriages) on which the fame (hall be claimed, be exported within three years from the importation thereof, and in cafe of coaches and other carriages within twelve calendar months, nor unlefs due proof be made, to the fatisfadion of the commiffioners of the cuftoms, of the entry of fuch goods and of the payment of the duties thereon; and that no drawback, bounty, or allowance whatfo-ever, (hall be paid on any goods, wares, or merchandize, articles, matters, or things exported from Ireland^ unlefs all requifites (hall have been performed, which by any law now in force, or at any time hereafter to be in force in Ireland, or by any regulations made or to be made by the chief commiffioners of his Sfajefty’s revenue in Ireland, are or at any time (hall be required to be performed for obtaining fuch drawback, bounty, or allowance re-fpe&ively; nor (hall any drawback, bounty, or allowance be paid, .unlefs the proofs neceflary for obtaining the fame be made, and within'two9*1 t*,e drawback, bounty, or allowance be claimed within two years years after, from the time of (hipping the goods for exportation.

Ho drawback XXII. And be it further enaded, That no drawback or fliall be al- bounty (hall be allowed for any goods, wares, or merchandize, lowed on articles, or things whatfoever, which, during the continuance of poitod^o Ifle f^s flwll be exported from Ireland to the iflands of Ar* or of Faro. Ferre 5 nor (hall any cocket or clearance be granted for the ex-No cocket porting to the faid iflands any goodi which are prohibited to be granted for worn or ufed in Great Britain or Ireland; any law, cuftom, or **ppftng, ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

^drtWtter. XXIII. And be it further enaded, That during the conti-43 Geo. 3. nuance of an ad pafled in the forty-third year of his prefent Ma-c. 17. [cot- jetty's reign, intituled. An aft far difeentinuing certain draw-dnued by bach and bounties on tbe exportation of fugar from Ireland, and far allowing, until tbe fifteenth day of January one tbosfani eight hundred and four, other drawbacks and bounties inftead thereof j and which ad hath been continued by an ad made in the prefent

feffion

44 Geo. 3, c. xo). Drawbacks and bounties

i8of] Anno regni quadragefitno quarto Gboroii III. c. iS. 31

feffioa ofparliament, the drawbacks and bounties on theexpor- fugm ex. atba of the feveral forts of fugar in the faid a &. mentioned, and (h*** iifo an additional bounty, to be calculated at and after the rate that aft*1" of ten pounds for every hundred pounds in money on the pro- while in force, duce aod amount of the (aid laft-raentioned bounties, (hall be and xoper allowed and paid, fubjed nevertheless to the regulations, provi- cent, additions, and directions in the faid recited a&, and in any a£t or adls [See 43 G. j. for continuing or amending the fame, and in this a3t mentioned 0.9s. £ 3*.] and contained.

XXIV.	And be it further enafied. That upon the (hipping Drawback of o/ai? wines in any port of Inland in (hips belonging fo his*®

Majefty’s navy for the ufe of admirals, captains, or other com- ^"officevsef miflboed officers employed in his Majefty's fervice for their the navy, adual confumption on board fuch of his Majefty’s (hips as they

(tall ferve in, and for no other purpofe, a drawback of the whole amount of the duties paid on the importation of fuch wines into Inland (hall be allowed and paid under this aft * provided that nc fuch wines (hall be (hipped on board any of his Majeity’s (hips of war for the purpofe aforefaid, other than in the prefence aod under the care and infpe&ion of an officer of the revenue to be from time to time appointed for that purpofe by the com-mifSoners of his MajeAy*s revenue in Inland: provided alfo, that fuch wines (hall be fo (hipped within three years from the importation thereof, and under fuch other regulations and re-ftiiflioos as may be from time to time made and required by the IwMieutenant or other chief governor or governors of /r#-iWand the privy council of Ireland for the time being.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed. That upon all tobacco Drawlpcksoa manu&ftured in Ireland^ which (hall be exported thence to any e*

place except to Great Britain* there (hall be allowed, by way

drawback or compensation for the duty by this a& charged and (except to

paid on import of the leaf tobacco whereof it hath been manu- Great Bri-

fa£hired, and for the excife-duty by this adl charged thereon, the

fum of ten-pence for every pound weight of fuch manufa&ured

tobacco, upon proof being made that fuch manufactured tobacco

paid the import and inland or excife-duties made payable by

(his a SL

XXVI.	And be it further enaded, That no cuftom, fubfidy, No duty ex* or duty whatever (hall, during , the continuance of this adt,

payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, upon the ex- on e^po^ portation from Ireland of any goods, wares, or merchandize the tion ofliifli produce or manufacture of Ireland not mentioned in the faid produce, not fcheduie marked C, except the alnage duties; provided that due °i]I^ *° entry be filft made of all fuch goods, ware9, and merchandize at ^ c u thecuftom-houfe of the port where the fame (hall be exported, which entry (hall exprefs the quantity and quality and the par- Qf ail goods ncolarsof each denomination of the goods fo to be exported, for exporta-and the particulars and contents of each package in which fuch *ion duty~ goods are exported, and the value thereof, and (hall be made in free' til refpe&s in the fame manner as the laws now in force in Ird$*d require in refpeft of any goods exported from Ireland

before

Duties of in-lam! eXcife and taxes IhMI be paid according to fchedule F.

in lieu of all

Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Geokoii TII.c.26. [1804#

before rhe palling of this adl, and fo as the fame be (hipped at the places and times required by law, and in prefence of the proper officer, and be by him examined, and fo as that the exporter of any goods the produce or manufacture of Ireland dor Aril nuke oath, or, if a known quaker, a folemn affirmation betore the cuftomer, comptroller, or other chief officer of fuch port, which oath or affirmation fuch officer is hereby required and empowered to adminifier, that fuch goods are of Irifb ma-nufa&ure or produce, or both, as the cafe may be^ and in default of performing fuch refpe&ive requi fires or any of them, fuch goods, wares, and merchandize (hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of his Majefty’s revenue.

XXVII.	And be it further enadted, That during the continuance of this a6t, there (hall be raifed, collected, levied, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, upon the feveral goods, wares, and merchandize, articles and things mentioned, fet forth, and deferihed in the fchedule marked F. hereunto annexed, the feveral fums of money, duties of inland excife, duties and taxes, as they are refpedively deferibed, inferred, and fet forth in the faid fchedule; which feveral duties and taxes *f‘*nier jUtit# Iball be *n l*cu anc^ fall fJtisfaiSlion of all duties of inland excife ctfc^nd taxes.anc* taxes granted by any former a£t or ads of the parliament of Ireland* or of the faid United Kingdom, on any of the articles ^duties and things in the faid fchedule mentioned; except the duties on tmdfr i3*& 14 ^P‘r'ts or ftrong waters payable by virtue of an ad pafTcd in Geo. v(h)» Ireland in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his prefent c. 12. for Lagan Majefty’s reign, intituled. An all for continuing and amending navigation.	fa era! aids* one pajfed in the reign of bis late majefty King

George the Second, and the other two in his prefertt Majeftfs reign* for making the river Lagan navigable* and opening a communication by water between Lough Neagh and the town of Belfaft ; and for enabling the commiffomrs therein named to raife money by alignment of the faid duties* for the more expeditious and effe final carrying vn the faid work\ and alfo except the duties payable by perlons hawking about trees, (hrubs, and plants for fale within the city of Dublin or five miles thereof; and by all perfons felling or ex-pofing to fale within the faid city or five miles thereof, in any f id l f ftan(J>	booth,	or	other	place	not being a part of or in

bottlfs, or old his or her dwelling-houfc, any new or old books, maps, prir.ts, clothes* or pamphlets, charts, or drawings; and by all perfons who (hall pawnbrokers, fell or expofe to fale within the faid city or five miles thereof, any additional glafs bottles, not being refpe&ively the makers or importers talier^b/fpi- thereof, a'uTnot felling wine, fpirits, beer, or ale; and by all tits in Dublin, perfons who lhall fell or expofe to fale within the faid city or five &c. applicable miles thereof, old clothes in any (tall, (bed, booth, (hop, of other to the piir- place; and by every perfon carrying on the bulinels of a paven-?)ublin w.itch broker, within the faid city or five miles thereof, f r every .houie under Ifiih in which fuch bufinefs (hall be carried on; and alfo lave and ex* cept the additional duty of ten (hillings payable to the fuper* intendant magi (hate of the diftrict of the metropolis of Dubhn ry every perfon idling ipimsby retail within the laid city or within

five

And except duties on hawkers of trees, keepers ofhook-ftalh. fellers

afls,

35	G. 3«c. 36.

36	0.3. c. 30.

39	O. 3. c. 56.

40	G. 3. c. 6a.

I

|	1804.J	Annoregni quadragcfimo quarto Georoii III. c. z6.	33

iff miles thereof, over and above all other duties whatfotver, aif which faid laft-mentioned duties are otherwife appropriated.

XXVID. And be it further eoalked, That, during the con-No duty on dnuance of this a&, no duty (ball be paid on any beer or ale Irifobeerur brewed within Ireland.	alc‘

XXIX.	And be it further enafied. That die feveral licences F°r what mentioned in the faid fchedule marked (F.) on which the rcfpec- ^nc^under tire duties mentioned therein (hall be from time to time refpec- fchedule (F.) lively paid by virtue of this ad, (hall continue in force until the lhall laft. twenty-fifth day of March next after the date of fuch licences refpedively, and no longer; except fuch licences as (hall be

panted to brewers, diftillers, maltfters, and redifiers of fpirituous liquors, which licences (hall refpedively continue in force until tbe twenty-ninth day of September next after the date thereof, and no longer; and except licences to retailers of fpirituous li-guors, which (hall be in force until the twenty-ninth day of September in tbe year for which they (hall begranted.

XXX.	And be it further enaded, That every perfon who Drawback on (hall export fpirits diftilled in Ireland to any place except to cent! underf Great Britain, which (hall be of a ftrength not lefs than a ftrength proof export-equal to five degrees or ten per tentum under hydrometer proof, ed, except to Hull be entitled to and (hall receive three (hillings and one penny Great Britain, halfpenny for every gallon of fuch fpirits, as and for a drawback

of the whole excife paid for the fame.

XXXI.	And be it further ehalted, That if the fpirits fo to Additional be exported lhall be of a greater ftrength than of five degrees drawback under hydrometer proof, there (hall be paid a further drawback ^‘^n^r°n after the rate of four-pence per gallon over and above the faid fpirits,accord-fum of three (hillings and one penny halfpenny for every four ing to their degrees which the faid fpirits (hall exceed the ftrength before length, mentioned, and fo in proportion for any greater or lets quantity:

provided always, that no drawback on any one gallon of fpirits (hall exceed in the whole the Turn of four (hillings and five-pence and one-twelfth part of a penny.

XXXII.	And be it further ensiled. That over and above the Bounty on

faid drawback on all fpirits diftilled in Ireland, and which (hall co™ fP,rit#» be (hipped for exportation, except to Great Britain, there (hall fc not above be allowed and paid to the perfon or perfons exporting fpirits ,3.,	p-r -

made and diftilled from malt, made of com of the growth or pro- barrel, 4d. luce of Ireland, when tbe price of barley in Ireland, as afeertained P*1* *aUon-in the manner fpecified in an all pafied in Ireland in the twenty-*

third and twenty-fourth years of his Majefty’s reign, intituled,

dn aH far regulating tbe corn trade,promoting agriculture, and pro- *5 * 14 G. 3-

vidittg a regular and fleadi /apply of corn in this kingdom, and for* *' c *9'

granting to his Mayfly, his heirs and fuccejfors, the duties therein

mentioned, (hall not exceed thirteen millings and (ix-pence the

barrel, a bounty of four-pence for every gallon of fuch fpirits out

of the duties hereby granted; but under the fame rules and

regulations, and fubjell to the fame fecurities, exceptions, rcftric-

tions, penalties, and forfeitures, as arc ensiled with rcfpeH to

tbe bounties on corn exported.

Voi. XLV.	D	XXXIII.	An*

Drawback of the whole duty on glafs bottles.

Drawback of the whole duty on paper ex* ported.

Drawback on paper hangings, the whole duty.

XXXUI. And be it further ena&ed, That for and upon all bottles made of common bottle metal, which (hall be made in Ireland, the duty which (hall have been fc&ually paid thereon (hall and may be repaid and allowed upon all fuch bottles as (hall be exported as merchandize to foreign parts.

XXXIV*. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon who (hall have a&ually paid the duties impofed for or in refpe& of paper made in Ireland, and for any other perfon who (hall buy or be lawfully entitled unto any fuch paper, from the perfon or perfons who actually paid the duties for the fame, to.export fuch paper to any parts beyond the Teas, by way of merchandize, and to receive a drawback of all the duty actually paid thereon.

XXXV. And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and m?y be lawful for any perfon who (hall have a&ually paid the duty charged in Ireland, on anv printed, painted, or ftained paper hangings made in Ireland^ and for any other perfon who (hall buy or be lawfully entitled to any fuch paper hangings, from the 4 perfon who a&ually paid the duty charged on the fame, to export fuch paper hangings to any foreign parts by way of merchandize, and fuch exporter fhall receive a drawback of the whole of fuch duty a&ually paid thereon.

^erhan^^” XX3£YI- And be it further ena&ed, That there (hall be paid lng^in re^>t& an<^ aH°we^ *° every printer, painter, or ftainer of paper hang-of the duty	ings, a drawback of the duty charged on all paper made in

on paper. Ireland after the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, which (hall be manufa&ured by him into paper hangings, on proof upon oath being made to the fatisfa&ion of the chief commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue in Ireland, of the quantity of paper fo ufed, ^nd that fuch paper was not made prior to the faid day, and that the duty by this a& chargeable thereon was paid.

XXXVII.	And be it funher ena&ed, That upon the expor-

r pound.	tal*on of	any hides and (kins and pieces of hides	and (kins

Faichmentthe	tanned or	drefied in oil in Ireland, or of any vellum	or parch-

whol? duties $ meat made in Ireland\ on which the duties charged on the manu-andmanufac- fa&ure thereof in the faid fchedule marked (F.) (hall have been paid, there (hall be allowed and repaid to the perfon or perfons exporting	the fame refpe&ively, a drawback of one	penny on

every pound weight avoirdupois of all fuch hides and	(kins and

pieces of hides and (kins; and a drawback equal to the duties charged oq aft fuch vellum and parchment by the faid fchedule and a&Mally pajd thereon; and upon the exportation of any fuch tanned leather manufa&ured in Ireland into goods and wares of tanned leather oqly, or of which fuch tanned leather is the molt valuable part, to any place except Great Britain, there (hall be aftpwed and repaid a drawback of one penny halfpenny on every pound weight avoirdupois.

XXXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That fo much of the duties by this a& impofed on raw and untanned hides exported* and on linked oil, chocolate, and cocoa-nuts imported, as (hall

remain*

Drawback on leather id.

tured leather id. iq. per pound.

On leather roanyfa&pres id. %q. per pound.

Refidue of duties on hides exported, See. applicable to

lax

1804.] Annoregni quadragcfimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46.	35

remain, after deducing the hereditary duties to the crown encouraging thereon, (hall be paid, and iflued by tne commiffioners of hisj?^n^ °* Majefty’s treafury of Inland for the time being, to the truftees for encouraging the linen, and hempen manufactures of Ireland* to be by them applied towards encouraging the railing of flax feed in Ireland.	Duties, fcc.

XXXIX.	And be it further enabled, That all duties paid to, applicable to aod all fums granted to the truftees of the linen and hempen hnf° manu-msmifadtures (hall be exemped from the payment of all fees. empTfroiu*-

XL. And be it further enadted, That the feveral fums granted fai. by this adt, or by any other a& of parliament in force in Ireland, Application of and appropriated to encourage the raifing of fiifficient. quantities fums granted of flax feed and hemp, and for the encouragement of the hempen for ratting manufacture of the provinces of Leinfter, Munfler, and Connaught, ®ax	^c-

(hall be applied to fuch purpofes only, and no other; and that a frparate and diftindt account (hall be kept by the proper officer of the application thereof* and laid before parliament.

XLL And be it further ’enabled, That all monies to arife **• ** du*T from the refpedlive duties of two (hillings and fix-pence, and*cj^£e"fr,e# two-pence, in the faid fehedule, marked (D.) mentioned, upon Dublin, entries inwards and outwards, in the port of Dublin^ and upon and *</.duty certain (hips and veflels trading to Ireland, (hall be received by Jj® trading the collector of the faid port of Dublin, and by the feveral col- 1,p8f lefiors of the refpedlive ports where the faid (hips and veflels (hall arrive refpe&ively; and the faid colle&ors are hereby re-fpedivdy authorifed to demand and receive the fame, and the faid duties (hall be by the faid colle&ors paid at the receipt of (hall be paid his Majefty’s exchequer in Ireland; and the commiffioners of his *"to the cx" Majefty’s treafury in Ireland for the time being (hall caufe fix- * c9jj“n pence of the faid duty of two (hillings and' fix pence in the faid fppf|Cable fehedule mentioned tp be paid to the tiuftees of the Royal Ex- to Dublin change in the city of Dublin, to be by them applied towards Royal Ex-keeping the fame in repair, and towards’the difeharge of the change, and wages of fervants employed therein; and the refidue of the faid co%orarion° duty of two (hillings and (ix^pence to therorporation for ere&ing for commer-buildings for commercial purpofes, ro be by them applied to-dal buildings, wards the difeharge of the intereft of fuch monies as have been borrowed or {hall be borrowed, not exceeding in the whole thirteen thoufand pounds, for ere&ing and finifhing the faid buildings, and towards difeharging the principal, and to and for no other purpofe, tQ be accounted for before the commiffioners of impreft accounts in Inland.

XLII. And be it further enabled, That all and every the Duties not rates, duties, impoittions, and taxes granted by this a&, and not otherwiie ap-hereby appropriated or dire&ed to be applied to any particular ufe fl™i^c?irried or ufes, purpofe or purpofes, the neceflary charges of raifing and to Irithconfo-accounting for the fame being dedu&ed, (hall be carried to and lidated fund; be part of the confolidated fund of Ireland; and that the fum « alfo fee8 of fix-pence per pound, and allot her fees which (hall or may	exche-

rayable to the lord high-treafurer or commiffioners for executing qUcr. the office of lord high-treafurer of lreland% clerk of the pells, or

d %	eny

36 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [1804.

any other officer of the treafory of Ireland, upon ifluing or payment of anv fum or fum* of money out of the eonfolidated find of Inland, mall be carried to the faid eonfolidated fund, in aid and addition to the duties hereby granted, and (hall be accounted for accordingly.

XLIII. And be it further enaded, That neither the fum of fix-pence per pound, nor any other fee, (hall be payable to or be deduced or received by any officer or officers of the treafury of Inland for or on account of the ifTuing or payment of any fum or fums of money in difeharge of any part of the national debt of Ireland, or of any intereft or annuities on the fame. v^u>ur>wis.>, XLIV. And be it further enabled. That no cambricks or kceimported, *awnt, nor gold or filver lace, except of the manufadure of except of the’	Great Britain, (hall be imported into Ireland under the penalty

manufacture or forfeiture of all fuch cambricks, lawns, and lace, and treble of Great Bn- the value thereof, and of the forfeiture of the (hip or veffel in forfeited tec	the	feme	(hall	be imported, with all her guns, tackle,

All dutks un- fur?--“-e» »mrnUn»io_n> ?«d apparel, der this aft

No fees on payment of mtereft or annuities.

Cambricks,

iball be col lifted as un* der excife »ft, 14 U15 Car. s. & 8.

XLV. And be it further enafted, That all the feveral duties, rates, and impofitions hereby granted upon goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, (except as to fuch of the faid duties as may by law be bonded during fuch time only as fuch duties (hall not be demandable) and all penalties and forfeitures in refpeft thereof, and all inland or excife duties or taxes by this aft granted and expreiTed in the fchedule (F.) hereunto annexed, (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and futcefTors, in the (ime manner, and under fuch powers and authorities, and by fuch ways and methods, and according to fuch rules and directions, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, a$ are appointed, directed, and expreffed for the raifing, colleding, levying, paying, and managing of duties payable on goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, in and by an afl of parliament made in Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of his late majefty King Charles the Second, intituled, dn I aft for fettling of the excife or new impojl upon his Majefty, his heirs , and fucceJfors% according to the book of rates therein inferted\ and by 1 any other aft or alts in force in Ireland^ relating to the revenue of cuftoms and excife, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were herein exprefled < and enabled, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties aggrieved, as in and by the faid laft-mentioned aft, parted in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his faid late majefty King Charles the Second, or any other ad or afts as aforefaid, is provided.

Duties ftiaU be XL VI. And be it further enafted, That all the duties, draw-cuirwcyand	bounties,	allowances,	and	taxes,	in	this	aft and the re-

in proportion fpe&ive fchedules hereunto annexed, fpecified, mentioned, and to the tale, contained, (hall be paid and payable, and received and receivable, &c*°* in Irijb currency; and that the faid duties, drawbacks, allow* ances, bounties, and taxes, (hall be paid and received upon the

fcveral

iSofJ Anno regni quadragefirno quarto Georgii III. c. 26.' 3?

fatrzl articles and things in this ad, and the refpe&ive fchedules hereunto annexed, fpecified, mentioned, and contained, accord-to the tale, weight, gauge, meafure, or value of the faid articles rdpedivdy fpecified, and alfo in proportion upon any greater or Hi number, weight, quantity, meafure, or value, of fuch articles, matters, and things, refpedively.

XLVII. And be it further ena&ed, That this a& {hall be Continuance and continue in force until and upon the twenty-fifth day of °*

March one thoufand eight hundred and five, and no longer.

XLVni. And be it further enaded. That this ad may be ^ft may be mended, altered, or replied, by any aft or ads to be made in this prefern fedfioa of parliament.	feffion.

SCHEDULES

I

38 Anno regniquadragcfimd quarto Grorgii 111. c. 26. [1804.. SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

Schedule (A.)

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or defcribed, (not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain); and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland.

INWARDS.

A.

Adianthum, the lb. -Agates, viz.

——— Polifhed, or otherwife manufactured, for every £, 100 of the value •

-----Rough, fmall as a bean, the 100 dozen -

——— Rough, large, the piece -

-------Rough, fmall, not otherwife defcribed, for every

£. 100 of the value	-	-	-

Ale. See Beer.

Alkali, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwife charged with duty, for every /. 100 of the value -

-------Sal. See Sal Alkali.

Alkanet Root, the lb.

Alkermes ConfeCtio, the oz. troy -Syrup,, the lb

Almond Pafte, for every £. 100 of the value -Almonds, viz.

.......■■ Bitter, the cwt. -

p — — Jordan, the cwt. -	-	-

-----— in the (hell, the cwt. -

----------of	any	other	fort,	the	cwt.	-

----------Oil	of. See Oil.

Aloes, viz.

-----Succotrina, or Socotorina, the lb.

*----Hepatica, and any other fort, the lb.

Alum, viz.

-------Roch Alum, the cwr.

(If for dyers* * ufe, free.)

Amber, the lb. -	-	-	-4

, ——— Beads. See Beads.

-------Oil of. See Oil.

Ambergris, the oz. troy -	-	-	-

Ambra Liquida, for every £. too of the value -Ammoniacum, viz.

«-------—.----Gum. See Gum Ammoniacus.

■	-	■■■■■ Sal. See Sal Ammoniacus.

Duties.	Drawback.
£. u- d.	£•
0 0 4	O  O
20 5 4	1613 4
052	038
002	0 0 r
20 j 4	16 13 4
33 0 0	h>  vO  00  O
0	
006	004
017	012
024	022
w  0  0	29 8 0
0 15 8	° 13 J
1 5 11	0 18 11
0 10 3	0 7 3
1 1 7	0 18 7
018	017
0 0 10	009
O  O  00 .	O  00
0 0 II	0 0 10
0 2 2	0 a 0
33 0 0	29 8 0

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Anchor Stocks. See Wood.

Anchovies, the.barrel, qt. 16 lbs* of fifh Angelica, the lb.

Antmi Gum. See Gum*

Anifeed. See Seed.

—— Oil of. See Oil*

Annotto, the lb. -	-	-	•

(If for dyers* ufe, free.)

Antitnonium, viz.

■	■ -- - Crudum, the cwt. -

(If for dyers* ufe, free.)

----------Preparatum, or Stibium, the lb* -

Apparel, for every £. 100 of the value -

And an additional duty, by the lb. or by the yard, on the materials of which fitch apparel is made, according to the rcfpedlive rates to which fucb materials are fubjedt.

Apples, the bufhel

—— dried, the bufhel	-	-	-	-'

Aqua-fords, the cwt. -

(If for dyers’ ufe, free.)

Arabic Gum. See Gum.

Arangoes. See Beads.

Archelia. See Orchelia.

Argentum Vivum. See Quickfilver*

Argol, the cwt. -	-	-	•

(If for dyers* ufe, free.)

Ariftolochia, or Birthwort, the lb. •

Armoniac. See Bole Armoniacum.

JS"' } Sec Spirits.

Arrow Root, the cwt.	-	-	*	*

•---------of the growth or produce of the Britiih plan-

tations or colonies in America, the cwt. ■ of the produce of the United States of America, See Schedule (B.)

Arfcnic, the cwt.	-	-	-

(If for dyers* ufe, free.)

Afa-foetida, the lb.	-	-	-	-

Alarum Root, the lb. -	-	-	-

Alhes of all forts, free.

Afphaltum, or Bitumen Judaicum, the lb.

Afes, for every £. 100 of the value Auripigmentum. See Orpiment.

B.

Bacon and Hams, the cwt. -get Skins. See Skins*

Duty.	Drawback.
L d.	!• dt
040	026
006	005
006	005
090	076
006	005
33 0 0	29 8 0
008	005
0 * 5	0 0 11
037	
063	040
O  O  VI	006
240	1 10 0
6 II 0	0 10 0
CO  OO  O	060
007	006
006	005
004	003.
20 5 4	16 13 4
6117	097

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Balks. See Wood.

Balls, viz.

—	Tennis Balls, the 1000	-

» m ■ Wattling Balls, the lb.

Balm of Gilead. Sec Balfam Natural.

Balfam, viz.

•	---— Artificial, the lb.

•	-----Canada, the lb.

—— Copaiva, or Capivi, the	lh.

—	-■— Natural, the lb. -	-	-

— not other wife enumerated or defcribed, for every £. 100 of the value -Band-ftrings, the dozen knots -

---------	,	if of filk, or mixed with (ilk, a further

duty for every lb.

Band-ftring Twift, the dozen knots •-

....——- if of lilk, or mixed with filk, a

further duty for every lb» Barbedocs Tar. See Tar.

Barilla, free, as Aihes.

Bark, viz.

—	or Hemlock, being for tanning or dyers’ ufe, free.

•	--Jefuit’s. See Cortex Peruvianas.

■	--not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, for every

£. too of the value Barley. See Corn.

■	■ ■» - bulled. See Pearl Barky.

Barras. See Canvas in Linen.

Barr Wood, if for dyers’ ufe, free.

Baiket Rods, the bundle, not exceeding three feet in circumference at the band -Bafkets, viz.

—^— Hand Balkets, the dozen	-

----— Wicker Baikets, for every £. 100 of the value

Baft or Straw Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

—	■	1	Platting	or	other	mariufadure	of	bast

or ftraw for making hats or bonnets. See Platting.

Baft Ropes, the cwt. -

ISin* *. }S“Wood.

Battery, Bath rones, and Kettles, the cwt.	-

Bayberries. See Berries.

Bay Yarn. See Woollen Yam in Yam.

Beads, vie.

Amber Beads, the lb. - .

----Arangoe, for every £. too of the value > -

Duty.	Drawback.
£• *• ^	£• f- d.
* * 4	01% 4
006	00 5
017	014
008	006
Oil	009
0 III	0 1 10
33 o 0	29 8 0
0 8 3	069
5 11 10	5 11 10
0. 3 5	03a
5 11 to	5 11 19
33 0 0	29 8 •
O  M  O'	014
015	012
20 j 4	16 1* 4
019	0 1 4
2 19 9	2 11 2
074	063
33 0 0	29 8 0

iSofj Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Geobgix HI. c. 26.	41

SCHEDULE (A.>—INWARDS.

Bads, continued.

Bone, or Bor, the great grofs	-

—Box. See Bone.

—	Coral beads, the lb.	-

— Chryftal beads, the 1000	-

*>— Glau, for every/. 100 of the value

—	Jafper, the 100 (tones -

—	Jet Beads, the lb. -	-

—	not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, for every

£. 100 of the value	....

Bans. See Corn.

—	Kidney or French Beans as Garden Seeds in

Seeds. See Seeds.

KSL }»-«*■•

-----Wool. See Wool.

Bed Feathers. See Feathers.

Beech Boards. 7

—	Plank. > See Wood.

—	Quarters, j

Beef, whether falted or otherwife, as Provifions.

Beer, viz.

---Mom, the barrel, qt. 32 gallons ...

---Spruce Beer, the barrel, qt. 32 gallons -

---or Ale of all other forts, the barrel, qt. 32 gallons

Bees Wax. See Wax.

Bed Metal. See Meta1.

Bebidere Ratlins. See Ratlins.

Benjamin, the lb.	-	-	-

Sere or Bigg. See Corn.

Bergamot, ellence of, for every 100 of the value -Berlins as Carriages.

-----Bay, the cwt. -	-	-	.	-

(If for dyers’ ufe, free.)

——• Juniper, the cwt.	-	-

(If for dyers’ufe, free.)

. Yellow, for every £. 100 of the value (If for dyers’ ufe, free.)

■— not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, not being drugs, and not being for the purpole of dyeing, for every £. of the value Birds, Singing Birds, the dozen •	.»	.	»

Bifcuits. ’ See Bread.

Bitumen Judaicum. See Afphaltum.

Blacking, the cwt. ~	*	*

Bbck Latten. See Latten.

Black Lead. See Lead.

Bladders, for every £. too of the value *

Duty.

£• s. d.

o 10 10

0	it q

1	o q 83 16 5

o 18 8 o 1 8

33 o o

1 1 4 *10 10 0 it a

0 1 9 [33 o c 062

o « 1 120 5 4

r° 5 • 3

o iS

20 5

Drawback.

29 8 o

0	18 6

1	7 6

o 10 o

017 29 8 o .05 * .0 o 11 16 13 4

4 16 13

10 o 2

7 .0 13 4116 13

4i Atino regniquadragefimo qu&to GeDrgii III. c. 26. f 18c

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawbat
Blades for Foils, the dozen - - -		£.
	0 2 9	O 2
	for Razors, the dozen -	022	O t
Blankets, or Blanketing, the fquare yard * Blubber* See Train Oil in Oil.  Boards. See Wood.	0.7 6	x 6
Bole Armoniac, or Armehian Bole, the cwt. -Bone Lace. See Lace.  Bones and Hoofs of Cattle, for every/. 100 of the	0 $ t	0 1
value ..... Bonnets. See Hats.	2° s 4	16 13
Books bound, the cwt. -	306	2 Q
—— unbound, the cwt.  Boom Span. See Span in Wood.	1 17 O	*  I IX
Borax refined, the lb.  —— unrefined, or Tinea!, the lb.  Bottles, viz.  ■ —■ ' of Earth, or^Stone, the dozen bottles —— of Glafs, covered with wicker, for every £. 100	016  004  0 3 1	0 00
of the value -  not of lefs content than one pint, and not	83 16 4	80 4 <
being Phials, for every £. 100 of the value -Note, Flafks in which wine or oil is imported are not fubjeft to duty as fuch.  Bowls, or Buckets of wood, not bound with iron, the	83 16 4	80 4 4
dozen -Bowfprits. See Mads in Wood. Boxes, viz..	0 1 3	Oil
	Dreding Boxes, for every £. ico of the value	20 5 4	16 13 4
neft qt. 8 boxes - -	*— pill Boxes, the grofs of 12 dozen nefts, each	0 17 2	0 14 11
neft qt. 4 boxes - - -■ — " Snuff Boxes, not being filver or gold, for every	O O N1 to	008  042
£. 100 of the value ... Box Wood. See Wood.  Bracelets or Necklaces of Glafs, for every £• 100 of	33 0 0	IO  NO  00  0
the value - .... Brandy. See Spirits.  Brafs Manufactures, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with duty, for	83 16 5	80 4 5
every £. 100 of the value -» - Old. See ShrufF.  	Wire. See Wire.  Brazil Wood. See Wood.  Brazilletto Wood. See Wood.	33 0 0	29 8 0

18047 Ando regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 16. 43		
SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Bread or Bikruits. See Provifions. Bricks, the 1000 - -	£. x. d. 059	£. X. d. 0 5 0
Brioftooe, the cwt. -	022	0 X ,2
Note. For the conditions and regulations under which the duty on brimftone may be drawn back on being ufed in certain manufactures, See 46 Geo. 3. chap. 43. fince continued.		

Bridles, viz.

•-------- drefled, the dozen lbs, -

---------------of	Mufcovy	or	Ruffia,	imported	in

foreign (hipping, the dozen lbs. -------rough or undrefled, the dozen lbs.

—	—	of	Mufcovy	or Ruffia, im-

ported in foreign (hipping, the dozen lbs. -

Broken Glafs. See Glafs.

Bronze Figures and Wares, for evcry^. jooof the value Blooms, Flag Brooms or Whilk Brooms, for every £.iooof the value -Bruges or Bridges Thread. See Thread.

Buck or Deer Skins. See Skins.	*

Buckets of Wood. See Bowls of Wood#

Bugle great, the lb. -	-	•	4	-

------ froall or feed, the lb.	-	-

Bullion or Foreign Coin of gold or filver, free.

Burs for Mili-Stones. See Stones.

Burrachas. See Indian Rubber.

Bufts or Figures of marble or (tone, for every £. ioo of the value	------

—	not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or

otherwife charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value	-	- - -	-

Batter as Provifions.

C.

Cables, tarred or untarred, the cwt# -	-

Cable Yarn. See Yarn.

Caddas or Crewel Ribband, the dozen pieces, not exceeding It inches in breadth, each peace qt. 36 yards	-

—	and further if of (ilk or mixed with (ilk, for every

lb. thereof	-.	-	-	*.

Caffoy, the yard	*-	.	-

—— and further if of filk or mixed with filk, for every lb. thereof

0 5 10

33 o 26 8

o x

29 8 17 4

20 5 4

*0 5 3

o 19 1

o 12 8

5 11 10 o 2 11

5 11 jo

8

o

2

o

4

4

1613 4 1613 4

016 9

095

S 11 10 o a 1

5 11 10

1

SCHEDULE ( A.)—INWARDS.

Cake Lac. See Gum Lac.

Calabar Skins. _ See Skins.

Calaminaris Lapis. See Lapis. '

Calamus, the lb.	-	r

Calavanus gs Provifions Callicoes, viz.

—	--white, the yard	-

——printed, painted, Rained or dyed, or partly

dyed after weaving, the yard C&tves’ Skins, Se$ Skins.

Caroeletto, half filk, half h?ir, the yard

*»* ----gnd further, for every lb. thereof -	-

Ombogium. See Gamboge.

Camel Hair* Sec Hair.

--------or Mohair Yarn. Sec Ygrn.

Campmile Flowers, the jb. -	-

Camphire, viz.

*•=—*---refined, the lb.	-	-

--------unrefined, the lb.

Cam Wood. See Wood.

Canada Balfam. See Balfam.

Canary Seed. See Seed. .

Candles, viz.

■	— ■	■■ Spenpaceti, the cwt. -

—	-Tallow, the cwt. -

—	-Wax, the cwt.	-

Candlewick, the cwt. -

Cane Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

—	Platting, or othpr manufacture of cane to make

hats or bonnets. See Platting.

Canes, viz.

——— Rattans, for.every £.100 of the value -	-

-7------Reed Qanes, the 1000	-	-	.	-

(If for manufacturers’ ufe, free.)

■	■— Walking Cajpcs, not being mounted, the 1000 Cans of wood, not bound with iron, the dozen . -Cantharides, the lb. ..... Canvas. .See Linen.

Capers, the lb. -	-	-

Capita Papaverum, or Poppy Heads, the 1000 - -Caps of cotton, for every £*iop of the value -1—^ of wpelleu or wprfted, for every £. 100 of the value Cardamonps, the lb.

Cards, playing -cards, the dozen oacks - -Cariophylvorcm Oleum, a$ oil of oloves, in oil. Carmenia Wool, as Qpat’s Hair. See Hair.

Duty.	DrawHad
	
£»• *•	£. s. a
004	0 0
053	0 4 1
0 6 1	0 5
<>3 7	0 3
5 M JC	5 IX 1
002	0 0 ;
0 1 8	0 1 1
0 0 IC	0 0 i
2 1 10	1 13 ie
103	0 ifr a
2 II A	i 0 6
O 16 4	0 »3 3
20 5 4	16 13 *
048	0 0 5
J 10 0	3 15 0
0 i 3	0 1 0
022	0 x 5
003	° 0 i
025	0 x *
44 0 0	40 8 0  T Q Q
44 0 0	40 » °  1 , ft
01 1	0 X 0
1 15 7	i 15 3

SCHEDULE (A.}—INWARDS.

Carpets of Turkey, qt. left than four yards fquare, the carpet	-	-

-------- * ■ —	■ - qt. four yards fquare, or upwards,

the carpet	-	- *	*

■ ■ not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwife charged with duty, for every j£.iob of thfe value -	-	-

Caoabe or Succinum, as Amber. See Amber. Canaway Seeds. See Seeds.

Carriages, with or without the appurtenances, for every £•100 Of the value	-#

-	— - and for further duty on the harnefs by the Ibv

If of Leather. See Leather manufactured. If of Silk. See Silk manufactured. Catthafous Seed. See Seed.

Carui Oleum, as Oil of Carraway. See Oil. CaihewGum. See Gum.

-----Nuts. See Nuts.

Calks, empty, the tun of 252 gallons content •	-

Cafia, viz.

-----Buds, fok evfery £.100 of the value -	*	i

-	Fiftula, the lb. -

—— Lignea, the lb.	-	-	-	-

Caftor, the lb.	-	-	-	-

-----Oil of. See Oil.

Catlings, or LuteftringS, the grdfs of 12 dozen knots Cat Skins. See Skins.

Catde alive, viz. bulls, cows, oxen, or fteers, for every £.100 of die value' -Caviare, the C<vt. -	-	•

Cayenne Pepper. See Pepper.

Cerufla, as White Lead.

Cfatifefs,a$ Carriage*. '

Chalk, for every £.100 of the value ‘	-

Chamarmeli Flores. See Camomile Flowers.

Chamiefs, viz.

1	unwatered,	or	mohair^ the yard -	-

——— watered, the yard -	-

—— half filk, half hair, the yard

-	I and further, if made of, or mixed with ftlk,

for every lb. thereof -Chariots, as Carriages.

Cheefe, the cwt. -	.	-

Chemical Oil. See Oil.

Cherries, the cwt. «

Chelhuw. See Nuts.

Duty.

1. Sd.

0	10 ic

1	10 7

33 o 20 s 4

Drawbick.

£’ s‘ dt

0	5 IO

1	3 11

19 8 o 16 13 4

0	5	9	0	4 *«	
33	0	0	29	8	0
0	0	7	0	0	6
0	1	2	6	1	1
0	3	c	0	2	9
0	1	11	0	1	2
20	5	4	16	!3	4
0	8	9	0	6	5
20	5	4	16	*3	4
*0	0	9	0	0	7
0	1	3	0	0	11
0	2	2	0	1	8
5	11	1C	5	11	13
0	2	£	0	1	8
0	7	. c	0	3	8

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawbxc
Chefts of Iron, fmall, the piece not exceeding in length	£. t. d.	£. s. <2
one yard - - . -■ — large, the piece exceeding in length one	i *3 4	* 9
yard - -Chimney Pieces of marble or ftone fculptured, as done fculptured.	a 10 7	2 3
China Roots, the lb.  China, Porcelaine, or Earthen Ware, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with	022	O 2  *  1
duty, for every £> 100 of *he value -Chip Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.  —- Manufaftures of, to make hat? or bonnets. See Platting.	£  O  O	40 8 1
Chocolate, the lb. -	0x5	0 1 :
Cider, the tun, of 25* gallons. -Cinders. See Coals.  Cinnabar. See Vermillion.	2x6	1.10 (  1
Cinnabaris Nativa, the lb.	018	0 1 (,
Cinnamon, the lb.  Cinamoni Oleum, as Oil of Cinnamon. See Oil.	022	0 i q
Citterns of Latten, the lb.  Citron, viz;  —— preferved with fait, for every j£.ioo of the value 		 preferved with Sugar, as Succards. SeeSuccards.	00 0 O O  0 *0  CO	0 0 6 29 8
Civet, the oz. troy. .... Clap Boards. See Boards in Wood.  Clay, fine clay and land clay, free.	029	018
Clocks, of wood, for every £.ico of the Value - -not of wood, for every £.100 of the value -Cloths, Woollen, as Drapery old or new. See Drapery. Clover Seed. See Seed.	20 5 4 33 0 0	16 13 4 29 8
Cloves, the lb.	0 3 3	030
Coals, Culm, or Cinders, the ton  Note, Coals is fubjtft to a further duty of Is. id. per ton when imported into Dublin harbour (and not for the ufc of the glafs, fugar, or fait manufd&ories); faid duty to be fully drawn back on exportation, fee 23 and 24 Geo. III. chap. 31. in force until the 25th of March 1810.	027	020
Cobalt, or Zaffre, for every £. 100 of the value - • (If for dyers’ or manufa&ures’ ufe, free.)	20 5 4	16 13 4
Cochineal, the lb. -(If for dyers’ufe, free.)	0 Oil	001
Cocoa Nuts, the lb. -	015	0 1 4
Cocculus Indicus, the lb. . -	010	0 1 8

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Coffee, viz.

*----the produce of any Britifh colony or plantation

in America, the cwt. -

—	—the produce of any other country or place, the

cwr. -(Subj^dt alfo to a duty of cxcife.)

For the conditions, regulations, and rertnotions under which coffee may on importation be warehoufed,on paying down 31. 6d. per cwt* and fecuring the remainder of the duty by bond, See A&s relating thereto.

Coin, viz.

—— of Copper. See Copper.

—— of Gold or Silver, free.

Cole Seed. See Seed.

Colophcnia, or White Rofin, the cwt. -Colours for Painters. See Painters* Colours.

Colombo Root, the lb. - * -Combs of Ivory, for every £* 100 of the value - -Comfir*, the lb. -----	-

Coney Skins. See Skins.

-----Wool. See Wool.

Contrayerva Radix. See Radix.

Copaiba or Capivi Balfam. See Balfam.

Copal Gum. See Gum.

Copper, viz.

-----Ore, the cwt. -

-—— unwrought, viz.

-----Copper Bricks, Jfcofe Copper, and all Caft

Copper, the cwt. -

-----in plates, and copper coin, the cwt.

-—-part wrought, hammered or raifed, bars, rods, or ingots, the cwt.	-

——Manufactures not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with duty, and copper- plate engraved, for every £. 100 of the value ------

—	Wire. See Wire.

Copperas, viz.

-------- blue,	the	cwt. -	-

——green, the cwt. -

(If for dyers* ufe, free.)

.— white, the cwt. -Cora], viz.

—	Beads. See Beads.

—	in fragments, the lb.

---whole, pol idled, the lb.	-	-

t—■■ unpoliflied, the lb.

Duty.	DrawoaUc.
£. s. d.	£. i. d»
O  O  to	4 16 1
6 17 10	6 13 ip
o + 5	0 3 10
0 0 10	009
33 0 0	29 8 0
0 1 10	010
019	Oil
° 11 3	070
0 1+ 7	0 10 4
1 9 8	018 8
33 0 0	29 8 0
082	0 5 9
003	—
0 8 10	070
012	010
0 JO 0	066
0 8 1	064

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Cordage, tarred or tintarred, the cwt. -	«■	-

Cordial Water. See Spirits.

Cordivant Skins. See Skins.

Coriander Seed. See Seed.

Cork, the cwt. -

Corks, ready made, the grofs of 12 dozen ... Corn or Grain, for the duties thereon, See. A^s relating thereto.

Corn Powder. See Gunpowder.

Cortex, viz.

——— Augufturae, the lb.	-

-----—Elutheriae or Cafcarilla, the lb. - ‘ -

Limonium or Aurentiorum, or Lemon Or Orange-peel, the lb. _	.

—;-----Peruvianusor Jefuii’s Bark* the lb.

— Simaroube, the lb.

■	— ■ Winteramus, the lb. -	-	•

—— not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, for every £.100 of the value	-

Cotton Manufacture. See Muilin.

-------Thread. See Thread.

—— Twift. SeeTwift.

-------Wool. Set Wool. •

—1— Varn. See Yarn.

Cow or Ox Hair* See Hair.

-------——Hides. See Hides.

Cow-itch, the lb.	-

Cows. See Cattle.

Cranberries, for every £. 100 of the value -	-

Crayons, for every	100 of the value	-

Cream of Tartar, tihe cwt. -	-

Crewel Ribband. See Caddas.

Crout, Sour, as Provilions.

Cryftal, viz. •

Beads. See Beads..

~ broken in pieces, the lb. -	*

— ■ ■■ not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with duty, for every^.100 of the value -	- .	-	-

Cucumbers, pickled or preferred, for every £• 100 of the value -	-	-	«■

Calm as Coals.

Cummin Seed. See Seed.

Currants, viz,

—— imported in {hipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt. - .	-

■	■ ■■	-	■	in	foreign	(hipping,	the	cwt.

Cuttle ^oncs, the xoco -

Duty.	Draw tat
	£• *• -
0 18 0	0 16
056	0 4
0 1 11	0 1 1
V	i  *  «
0 (Jr's	J  O O
0 ,d ,3	0 0
003	O O
° 1 5	° 1
008	O O 1
006	O O
Oo  wo  0  0	29 8 <

o z

20

20

o

S 4 5 4 9<ai

o x 7

jj 0 o 31,0 o

X II o 1 IS 2

o 8.10

o I G

»613 4 1613 4 © 5 M

0 * .5

29 8 0 29 8 0

196 1 13 8 08a

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

TT

Duty.

D.

Damafk Tabling or Napkining. See Linen.

Data, the cv*t.

uu }S“w^-

Deer Skins. See Skins.

Denia I^aifins. See Raifins*

Dugudium. See Scamony.

Diamonds, Pearls,Emeralds, Rubies, and all other preci* ous Stones and Jewels, for every £. ioo of the value Diaper. See Linen.

Dice, for every pair

Dimity, for every £. ioo of the value

— - and further for every fquare yard -	-

D^MbSUns.} S«Ski"t-

Down, for every £>ioo of the value -

Drapery, viz*

——old, the yard ■	-	-

----■---new, the yard -

Drawings, for every £. ioo of the value	-

Drillings. See Linen.

Drugs, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwife charged with duty, and not being for the purpofes or dyeing, for every £.ioo of the value -----

£, s

1 12 1

3 *9 2

o 14 10 20 5 4 021

20 5 4

1 8 7 0 .7 8 33 0 0

33 o o

E.

Earth Red, as Raddle. See Raddle.

Earthen-ware, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwife charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value -Ebony. See Wood.

ElaAic Bottles or Barrachas. See Indian Rubber. Elbing Canvas. See Canvas in Linen.

Eleborus. See Helebore.

Eicon Gum. See Gum.

Elephant’s Teeth, the lb. -Elk Hair. See Hair.

— Skins. See Skins.

Eateralds. See Diamonds.

Emery, the lb. -	»	-	•	—	-

—— Stones.- See Stones.

Enamel, for every £.100 of the value -Emula Csmpana Radix. See Radix.

Voi, XLV.	K

44 o o

O O*' 2

OOI

33 o o

Drawback.

£.	S.d.

I 7 9

072

o 14 o 16 13 4 0 2 1

16 13 4 I 7 9

29 8 o

40 8 o

001

001 29 8 o

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Erengii Radix. See Radix.

Ermine Skins. See Skins.

Eflence of Lemon, the Jb.	- .

—— of Spruce, for every £.100 of the value - -—— ■ not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwife charged with duty, for every £. 100 of the value	-

Eftrich Feathers. See Oftrich Feathers, in Feathers. Eftrich Wool. See Wool.

Euphorbium, the lb. -	-	-	-

E.

Fans, at Haberdafbery.

Fan-mounts, of leather, for-every /.too of the value '	and further Tor every lb. thereof

Faro Raiiins. See Aaifins.

Feathers for Beds, the cwt. - - -	-

**-------Oftridge or Eftridge, d re fled or undrelled, for

/	every/.100 of the value -

•* *" ...Vulture, ror every £.100 of the value -	-

—	■ ■ 11. not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or

otherwife charged with duty (and not being Bed Feathers), fix every	ioo of the value

Fechia Afhes, as A flies. See Aihes.

Fennel Seeds. ) c c .

Fenugreek Seeds.} Seeds.

Ferret Ribband, per grofs of 12 dozen ...

—	— - " 1 if of filk, or mixed with filk, a further

duty per lb. of Fiddles fdr children, as Toys.

Figs, viz.

—	imported In Ihips of the United Kingdom, the

cwt. -	-	-

in foreign (hipping, the cwt. -Filtering Stones. See Stones.

Sde Wood.

Fir Quarters. 1

—	Timbers, j Fiflt, viz.

—— Cod Fiflt, the barrel of 32 gallons ■	■	for every fix (core fiflt

—— Frqfh of all kinds, free.

■	— Herrings, the .barrel of 32 gallons — Ling, for every fix fcosc • -

■	Salmon, the barrel of 32 gallons •j—r- Stock, the 120 -

—	notiparticularly enumerated or defcribed, or other.

Duty.	Drawback
£. t. d.	£. 1. d.
037	0 3 4
20 5 4	16 13 t
33 0 0	29 8 <
004	0 0 j
33 0 0	29 8 c
004	004
0 15 10	093
33 O 0	29 8 e
33 0 0	29 8 e
33 Q 0	29 8 0
0 2 11	0 a 7
5 11 10	5 11 10
093	070
0 10 3	0 8 0
056	0 4 4
120	0 16 s
067	
240	1 2 \
0 10 I	087
037	0 3 i

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS. *

Fifh, continued-

wife charged with, duty, and not by any law exempt from duty, for every £*100 of the value Note. For the condition* and regulations under which fifh, taken and cured by fub-je&s, may be imported duty free* fee A£t to which this Schedule is annexed.

Fiflier Skins. See Skins.

Fifh Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

Fitches' Skins. See Skins.	«

Flag Brooms. See Brooms.

Flannel, the yard	-

Flafks. See Bottles.

Flax, undrefled, free.

----deeded, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt. - .	-	.	-

------——---------in foreign (hipping, the cwt.

Flax Seed. Sep Lin feed, in Seed.

Fluit Stones, for Potters, the ton of 20 cwt. -Flocks, the cwt. -

Flower-Roots, for every 5 (core -	-

Flowers* Artificial* for every £. 100 of the value Foffils, not particurarly enumerated or described, or othorwsfe, charged with duty, for every £. 100 of the value -Fowls, as Provifions.

-?£.}

Frames for Pi&ures or Prints, for every £.100 of the value -	-	-

Frankinceofe, the cwt.	-

FroAingj See Orfedtw.

Fruit, Artificial, for every £.joo of the value Furriers’ Wafte, fit only for making glue* every £.100 of the value Fur. See Skins.

-— made into articles, of drefr, as Millinery. See Millinery.

Fuftick. See Wood.

Gad Steel. See Steel.

Galanga, the lb.	-

CalbaniKBb the lb. . -Gaily Tile*. See TBes.

Gaik, the cwt. -	-	.	«

(If for dyers’ ufe, free.) , Gamboge, the lb. . - ,	•

* a

Duty.

£.	$ d.

•3 5 7

£•

9

O I

1	12 5

2	I 10

Oil

O 9 9 O29

33 o o

20 s 4

33 0 o

067

33 o o

20 s 4

Drawback.

1,

13 7

010

o o 10 o o 10

o 8 10 ». J 5

8 10

*8 3

o ia.

7	o

2 3

8	o

>

16 13 4!

I

1

o

o>

o

29

29

o

29

16

8 0“ 5 7*

8

*3 i

a o a Q

o 1 IQ

9 1 i

j2 Anno*regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. a6. [1804.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
	£. s. d.	JL*
Garnets, Cut, the lb. - • - •	1 4 6	0 1810
-»■ ■ - Rough, the lb. - -  Gauze of Thread, for every £.too of the value	070 33 0 0	066 29 8 0
—1 and further for every fquare yard thereof -	009	0 0 Q
—1 " of Silk, as Silk Manufa&ure. Geldings. See Horfes.  Geneva. See Spirits.  Gentian, the lb. -	003	-  O  O
Ginger of the Britifh plantations or colonies in America or the Weft Indie*, the cwt.	0 16 6	0 14 7
~ not the produce of the Bruilh colonies or plantations, the cwt.	1 13 0	1 11 2
——— preferved, the lb. - -	013	Oil
Ginfeng, the lb. - : * -	0 0 10	009
Glafs Bottles. See Bottles.  — broken, fit only to be re-manufadtured, the cwt.	018	0 1 4
— Plate Glafs, and ail other glafs manufe&ures not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or other-wife charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value -	83 16 5	O  CO
Glauber Salt. See Salt.  Glue, the cwt. - - -	056	036
Goats’ Hair. See Hair.  •—~ Skins. See Skins.  	 Wool. See Goats’ Hair, in Hair.  Gold Coin. Sec Bullion.  ~—Plate. See Plate.  - and Silver Thread. See Thread. Grain. See Corn.  Grains, Guinea, the lb. *	002	0 0 2
Grapes, for every £. 100 of the value -	33 0 0	29 8 0
.Grape, Rape of. See Rape of Grapes.  Groceries, riot particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value - - - -	33 0 0	29 8 0
Grogram Yam. See Yarn.  Guiacum Gum. See Gum.  Guinea Grains. See Grains. ——•—Pepper. See Pepper.  ——■— Wood. See Red Wood, in Wood. Gudi, vfe* ’  —^ Amnaoniacus, the tb.	006	0 0 s
— Animi, the lb. -	008	007
—■ •— Aribic, the cwt. • - - -	0 13 2	09 6
——Cake Lac. Sec: Gum Lac.  ■'Cafliew, tfite cwt. * - *- - ■ -	1 v*  b	0*9

xtof] Anno regni quadragefitqo quarto Gborgii III. c. 26.	53

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Gti© continued, viz*	£• *'	£•
— Cafbcw, of the growth or produce of -the Britifb Weft-India iflands, or of the Bahama and Bermuda, or Somers 1		
liles, the cwt. -(If for dyer’s ufe, free.)	0 3 io	010
		
America. See Schedule (B.)		
	Copal, for every £. ico of the value	33 Q 0	29 8 0
— Efetni, the lb.	008	007
	Guiacum, the lb. -7	9 1 2	0 I 1
	Juniper. See Gum Sandrake.  	Lac, viz.  ———Cake Lac, Shell Lac, Seed Lac, or Stick		
Lac, the lb. •	007	006
	Opoponax, the lb.	026	0 2 1
— Sagapenum, the lb. - - - • •	007	005
— Sandrake, or Juniper, the cwt* - - -	0 14 10	0 12 0
	Sarcocolla, the lb. - • -	008	OOP
—Senega, die cwt. -	0 13 2	096
— Tacamahaca, the lb. - - .	02 7	02 5
—	Tragacantha, the lb. - - - - -  —	not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or other-	007	0 0 5
wife charged with duty, (and not being impor-		29 .8 0
ted for dyers’ pfe), for every£*ico of the value	33 P 0	
Gupppwder, viz*		
	Corn, the cwt. - - -  —— — Serpentine, the cwt. - . *	3 12 11 360	351*  3 3*
Gotta Gamba, as Gamboge.		
Gutting Canvas. See Canvas in Linen*		
H.		% *
Haberdalhery Wares, not particularly enumerated or		
defcribed or otherwife charged with dutyj for		
every £• 100 of the value •	33 0 0	29, 8 0
		
further duty for every lb. thereof  Hair, viz.	5 11 10	5 11 10
-— Camel, the lb.	004	002
— Cow, or Ox, the cwt. 7	096	078
'— Elk, the cwt. - . -	0 8 10	056
	Goat, or Turkey Goat’s Wool, the $>. *	0 0 2	.■.. f-
— Hats made of. See Hats.		
-— Horfe, the lb. - . -' ' - ■ -	004	003
—— Human, the lb. - T -	0 29	,026
Hair Powder, plain* the cwt. - - ' ‘ - '	* 5	3- *7^
	“632	5 18 11

54 Aono regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26.		[1804,
SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Hams. See Bacon.  Hand Bafkets. See Balkets.	f. j.* d.	£■ s.d.
Handkerchiefs, the dozen ■■■■■■■— if of filk, or mixed with filk, a further	0 18 8	0 16 11
duty for every lb. thereof  India, company of England, a further	5 11 10	5 11 10  •
duty for every fquare yard ——— not imported by the Eaft-India com-pany df England, a further duty ,for	021	0 '2 X
evefy fquare yard -	0 2 11	0 2 IX
Hand Scoops, for cvjery^. 100 of the value Hand Spikes. See Wood.  Hard Wax. See Wax.  hardware Manufactures, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with duty,	20 5 4	16 13 4
for every £. ioo of the value Hair Skins. See Skins.  — Wool. Sec Wool. ^  Harp Strings. See Catlings.  Hart’s Horn. See Horns.  Hats, viz.  •—- Baft, Straw, Cane, and Chip Hats or Bonnets,	33 0 0	29 8 0
fof every £. ioo of the value ——made of, or mixed with, felt, hair, wool, or	-w  OO  O  O	29 8 ° ;
beaver, the bat —— not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or	1 11 4	1 10 4  , t
otherwife charged with duty, the hat •— if of filk or leather, fubjedt to further duties bv the lb. according to their refpe&ive rates.	069	Q 6 2
Hatbands, the grofs - -  	— if of filk, a further duty for every lb. thereof  Head Matter. See Spermaceti Oil, in OiL	1 11 ii	i 10 5
	5 11 10	5 11 10
Hellebore, the lb. - -Hemp, viz.  — ■ — dreffed, imported in (hipping of the United	003	00a
Kingdom, the cwt. -  ~~— in foreign (hipping, .the cwt.	1 1 8  1 7	0	18 0  1	4 0
imported iq (hipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt. - . - -	1 8 7	1 s10
——•—rough pr undrelled, imported from anj country, and in any (hipping, free.  « Seed. See Seed.  — Seed Oil. See 03.  Herring*. See Fi(h.	1 18 6	1 is .9

SS

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.



Mm’ Can vis. See Canvas, in Linen.

Hite, viz.

—— Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the hair not .tanned, tawed, or in any way dreded, the piece	-	....

— ■■■ —>	tanned, the lb.

■ —- Elk. See Skins.

- — Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, in the hair,the piece —» ■	■	■	———— tanned, the lb.

•	■■ ■ Lolh, the lb, -	-	-

------of Mufcovy pr Ruffia, tanned, the‘hide

•	raw, or undrefled, of the Britiflt colonies or plantations in America, not particularly enu tnerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged

.with duty, for every £. ioo of the value -—— and alfo on fuch of the hides herein before enumerated, being tanned or drefled in oil, (nor) particularly provided for and charged as- lucb by the lb.) the following further duties, viz.

■— ■ as tanned, for every xolbs. ... —— - as drefled In oil, for every lb. thereof -——— or pieces of hides, not particularly enumerated or de(bribed, and not tanned or drefled in oil, for every £. too of the value TP n ■ tanned or drefled in oil, of what kind foever, and all pans or pieces thereof not being -manufactured, and not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with duty, for every £. ioo of the value	-

— further if tanned, for every rolbs.

--------but if drefled in oil, for every lb.

Hollands Linen. See Linen.

Hones, the too of 5 (core	....

Honey, the barrel of 42 gallons '

Hoops of Iron, the cwt. -	...

—— of Wood, the 1000	....

Hops, the cwt.

For tho conditions and regulations under which hops may be warehoufed on importation, See 40 Geo. 1H. c. 43. continued by AibTequCnt affs.

Homs, viz.

—— Buffalo, Cows, Owen, or Steers, the ioo -

------Harts, or Stags, the too -

——»not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or

Duty.

&

O

6

i. d.

O I

0 o o I o 3

10

3 19 ^

1

o

*0 5 4,

90

o

5

1

o o

4

<3

Drawback.



o i a

00$

Oil

006 ox* o i 4

o 7 *

O I %

003

i6 13 4

16 13 4 ox« o 0 3

o 7 II P !• 5 0 6 10 004 2 IS ft

56 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [1804.

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback-
Horns continued, viz.  otherwife charged with duty, for every f. 100	s. <L	£•
of the value ....	20 5 4	16 13 4.
Horn Tips, for every £. 100 of the value Horfe Hair. See Hair.  —— Hides. See Hides.	20 5 4	16 13 4.  !
’Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, each -Human Hair. See Hair.  Hungary Water. See Spirits.  Hulks or Knubs of Silk. See Silk*  Hufle Skins. See Skins.	240	1 13 0
I.  'm alap, the lb. - - -Jamaica Wood. See Braziletto, in Wood. Japonica Terra. See Terra.  Jeflamine Oil. See Oil.  [ efuit’s Bark. See Cortex Peruvianus.	019	017
Jet, the Jh. - - * - - -— Beads. See Beads.  Jewels. See Diamonds.	O  1  P  00	O  O
Inkle unwrought, the lb. - -	0 O Io	009
	wrought, the dozen lbs. - - -  Incenfe. See Olibanum.  India Rubbers, or Burrachas, for every /. 100 of the	I 14 IO	1112
value - - - -Indian Corn or Maize. See Com.	20 s 4	16 13 4
Indigo, the 100 lbs. ....  (If for dyers’ ufe, free.)  —— of the produce of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.)	0 14 0	
Ink for Printers, the cwt. - - • Ipecacuanha Radix. See Radix.	0 9 9	o6n
Iris or Orris Root, the cwt. - -Iron, viz.  «— of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America or the Weft Indies, in bars or unwrought, free. —— of the produce of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.) of any other country, in bars or unwrought, the	1 11 10	1 10 4
ton of 20 cwt. * -— flit or hammered into rod*, and iron drawn or hammered, lefs than | of an inch fquare, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the	0 12 8	0 12 8
. ton of 20 cwt. - -	0 18 0	0 18 0
	in foreign (hipping, the ton of %o cwf.. ...	- 0,19 .6	o' 19 6
r— caft, for every *£, too of the value , *	33 . 0 0	29 *8 0
—~ Cinders, per ton • - 1 - -	0 i . 1.	;Q-_I 0

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

2m Hoops. See Hoops.

----liqaor, for every £. 100 of the value

(If for dyers’ ufe, fixe.)

----dd broken, and old caft iron) the ton of so cwt.

----Ore, tbe ton of 20 cwt. ...

----fig Iron, of the produce of any Britifh colony or

plantation in America, free.

— not of the produce of any Britifh colony or plantation in America, the ton of 20 cwt. -■	—	of	the produce of the United States of

America. See Schedule (B.)

—	Wares not particularly enumerated or defcribed,

or otberwife charged with duty, for every £. 100 of the value - .	-	-	-

Iron Wire. See Wire.

Japanned Wares, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otberwife charged with duty, for every £. 100 of the value

Ifinglafi, the lb.

(If for dyers’ ufe, free.)

Jake of Lemons or Oranges, the tun of 252 gallons (If for dyers’ ufe, tree.)

-----of Limes, tbe gallon -

(If for dyers' ule, free.)

Juniper Berries. See Berries.

-----Gum.	See Gum Sandrake.

—— Oil. See Oil.

Junk, old, in pieces not exceeding five fathoms in length, the ton -	-

Ivory unwrought, the lb. -	-

-----wrought,	not particularly enumerated	or	defcribed, or otberwife	charged	with

duty, for every 100 of tbe value -

K.

Kelp, the ton of 20 cwt.'

Kidney Beans, as Garden Seeds, in Seeds.

Kid Skins. See Skins.

Kits of Wood. See Pails.

Knees of Oak. See Wood.

Knobs of Silk. See Silk Knubs, in Silk.

L.

Labdanum, the	lb. - .	«

Lac. See Gum Lac.

Lace, viz.

—	Bone Lace of Thread, the dozen yards -

Duty.	Drawback.
£•	c* *• ^
3 19 2	07a
070	060
O X 10	012
0 12* 8	0 12 s
a  0  0	29 8 • •
33 0 0	29 8 0
007	006
3 5 «	2 10 a
0 0 10	008
I 4 2	017 0
0 1 10	0 t 8
33 0 0	29 8 0
0 9 10	0 S 4
0 1 3	006
« 7 J	e *3 7

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

JLa^c continued.

— — Boqe Lace of Silk, die lb. qt. 16 0z.	-——r Silk, of all other forts, the lb. qt. 16 qz. -Lambs’ Skips, See Skins,

—-— Slink. See„Skins,

-----Wool. See Wool.

Lamp Blqck, the cwt. -	-	-	-

Landaus as Carriages.

Lapis Calajninaris the cwt. -—— Tutiae, the fi>.	• r •

Lacquered Wares, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwife charged with duty, for every /.too of the value

Lath Wood. See Wood.

Xattcn Black, the cwt.	-	k	•

——(haven, the cwt. -

■*---Wire. See Wire.

Lavender Flower?, the lb.	-	-	-

■—:—5— Water. See Spirits.

Lawns. See Linens.

Lead, viz.

—	Blaqk, the cwt, -	-	*	-

f" t Litharge, thq qwt.	»	-

■--Ore, the ton of 20 cwt.

---r Pig,, the ton of 20 cwt.	-

—	- Red, the cwt. -

-----Sheet, the cwt -

—— Whjte or Cerufla, the cwt.	-	-

Leaf Metal. See Metal.

Leather Bafils, the dozen fkins -

—:-----And further for every lb. thereof -

———whether tanned or d refled in oil, or worked up I into any manufacture whereof leather is the mod valuable part, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwife charged with duty, for ovecy^. too of the value - - - [20 —r——And further,- if tanned, for every lb.

thereof - •	-	»	■	-	|	o	o	4J

■ r— if drefled in oil, for every lb.

thereof	-	-	- | o

Leaves of Gold, the 100 leaves -	-	-	-Jo

•of Rofes or Violets, the lb. -	-	-	I	o

I Duty*	jDrawta
Lc- *•d  11 11 3 7 *7 4	■ £• *• r jo 15  H 7 w  I I
0 15 10	1  > 0 13
*0  0 0	03  1 0 0
33 0 e>	129 8
0	17 7  1	2 ol	1 0 ir 1 0 ]6
O  O	0 0
0 12 1 0 3 8  0	16 9]  1	11 5 0 7 ij 0 2 6 080	0 11 j  0	3 :  OIJ I  1	0 1  0 6 .1 0 * ? 0 6 $
3 5 3 0 0 41	3	* 1  004

5	4	16	13

O <y 4

Lemons, the icoo x—s;—:—Juice. See Juice.

0

1

o

- I o 13

-Pickled, the tun of 152 gallons

Lentiles, the lb.

Leopard Skin;. See Skins. Lexia Raiftns. She Raifins.'

3

o

7" 0 *

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

V

Lignum Quaffia, for every £. 100 of the value - -

-----Rhodium, the cwt. -	«	-	•	•

-----Vitc, See iWood.

limes, the barrel ------

lirt, Juice of. Scf Juice.

f Barns of the Batavian Republic or Hefien I	Canvas,	the 100 ells, qt. fix fcore -

si Apd/urther for every fquare yard thereof > I Packing Canvas, Guttings, and Spruce Can-5 <	vas, tfie too ells, qt. fix fcore - -

s 1 And fuitber for every fquare yard thereof OI Bpledavies, Spruce, Elbijig, or Queens-I	borough	Canvas,	the bolt, qt. 28 ells

I And further for every fquare yard thereof Of the Batavian Republic making, the • yard -	-	-	-	-

Apd further for every fquare yard thereof ....

Qf Sil$fia making* the yard - - -And further for every fquare yard thereof ....

Of the Batavian Republic making, the yard	-	■ -

And further for every fquare yard . thereof	-	•

Qf Silpfia making, the .yard. -	-

And further for every fquare yard thereof ....

And for and uppn all Oamafk, Towelling, Nap-kiping, and Cloths, made of flax or hemp, tfie following further additional duty, viz.

.Damafk, if the fame be one yard wide, or under, for every y?rd thereof -	-

If the fame be above one yard wide, and under two yards wide, for every yard thereof -	-	-	-	-

If the fame be two yards wide, or more _ for every yard {hereof -	-	_-

Of the Batavian Republic making, the yard

And further for evjry fquare yard thereof -	-	,	-	-

Of Silefia making, jhe yard -	-

And further for every fquare yard .. therepf »

Napkins of the Batavian Republic .making,

. the dozen *	-

And further for every fquare yard fhef<jp(

bO

a

1 *

f-

60

ti

Sjh

£5

e

W 4 V '

a

c

Duty.

t

r. i. o o 16 3

011

3 3

o 9

® 3 o 9

6 4

o 9

029

o

9

0 .9

* 7

f

0	,9

1	.1.

o © o 8

o p 9

o 09

O I 10 028 0 1 ;i

0	9

1	1

o 9

9*1

9.9

Drawback.

*9

o

s. i, S o % *

O f 10

0 6

D 9

i9 5 p 9

♦ P

0 9

026

9 9 » ? o 9

o M

o

o

t

o 9

OO9

I 10

% %

» 7

o 9 o 49

o 9

8 m

o 9

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

•O

*

Linen continued.

fOf the Batavian Republic making, the yard	-	- • •	-

And further for every fquare yard | .5^	thereof	-

g- Of Silefia making, the yard - - -o 2 And further for every fquare yard F	thereof	-

Drillings and Packducks, the 100, qt. 120 ells -And further for every fquare yard thereof -Bag Holland of the Batavian Republic, the ell -And further for every fquare yard thereof -Oil Cloth, the yard	-

And further for every fquare yard thereof -And all other manufa£hxres of flax and hemp not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otjier-wife charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value ------

And further for every fquare yard thereof -Linked. See Seed.

-------Oil. See Oil.

Lion Skins. See Skins.

Lipari Raifins. See Raifins.

Liquorice Juice or Ball. See Succus Liquoritia.

...........Powder,	the cwt. - r •	-

...-----—	Root,	the	cwt.	-	-	-	•

Litharge. See Lead.	'

Log Wood. See Wood*	<

Long Pepper. See Pepper.

Long Steel, See Steel.

Lofti Hides. . See Hides.

Lucerne Seed. See Seed.

Lupines, the cwt. -	-

Lute-ftrings. See Catlings.



M.

Mace, the Jh» -——Oil of.1 See Oil. Madder, viz.

-------Crop Madder, the cwt.

(If for dyer's u(e, free.) — Fat, the cwt.

(If for dyer's ufe,free.) ——Mull, the cwt. J

(If for dyer's life, free.) ■■ Roots*' the cwt.)

(If for dyer's ufe, free.)

Duty.	Dnrhac  .
£' *• d.	£• *- <
O  O  00	0 0
O O 9	O O
0 0 7	O O
609	O O
x 0 3	O 1 +
OO9	O O
0 2 0	O 2
OOQ	O O
0 2 0	O 2
0 0 9	O O
33 0 0	29 8 <
009	0 0 <

2 1 3

OXIO

046

046

07a o 5 10 O I 2 0 8 6

X I

o

I

04®

O 310

046 o 3 2 0010

059

L

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Mfooganv. See Wood, lladx. See Corn.

Mangrove Bark. See Bark, llama, the lb. -Hap, exh ... ilubte. See Stone.

Marties for children, as Toys. Mates, as Horfes,

Mans’ Hides. See Hides. Marmalade, the lb.

Martin or Martren Skins.

-Tails,



See Skins.

Maffick, red, the lb.

—— of any other fort, the lb.

Mate. See Wood.

Mats of Ruffia, the dozen -	- * -

Matting, viz.

-	------- of Barbary or Portugal, the fquare yard -

--------of the Batavian Republic, the fquare yard -

--------not particularly enumerated or deformed, or

otherwife charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value .... Mattrafo, for every £.100 of the value ... Maw Seed. See Seed.

Mead, the gallon -	....

Meal. See Corn.

Medals,for every £.100 of the value -

-----fubjed to a further duty if of gold or filver,

the ox. troy -	-

Medlars, the bufhel	.....

MelaSes, viz.

-— — of the produceof the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, or the Weft Indies, the cwt.	.....

—■ ■ not of the Britifh plantations, the cwt.

•«'	of the produce of the United States of Ame-

rica. See Schedule (B.)

Melting Pots :for Goldfmiths. ■ See Pots.

Mercury, viz.

-	-■ Precipitate, the lb.

-—t— Sublimate, the lb.	-	-	.	.	-

Metal, viz.

..... Bell metal, die cwt. -

-	--Leaf meal (except of leaf gold or filver), the

packet of ago leaves -——prepared for battery, for every too of the . value -

Duty.	Drawback*
£• la if	& *
0 0 9	008
0 0 2	0 0 1
00  0  0	006
008	0 06
013	oil
007	004
003	0 0 2
0 O 2	O O I
20 5 4.	16 13 4
20 5. 4	16 13 4
O  O	OO5
20 5 4	16 13 4
OO9	0 0 2
Ol8	o<6
0 5 4	041
0 10 5	092
0 2 4	0 2 2
O17	0 1 4
O99	060
OO3	. 0 0 3
20 5 4	16 13 4

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Metheglin, the gallon -	•

Mill Boards. See Paper.

Millet Seed. See Seeds.

Millinery Wares, not particularly enumerated or defdribed, nor otherwife charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value -	-	-	-

And a further duty by the lb. or by the yard1, on the materials of which fuc'h millinery wares (hall be made, according to the refpedive rates to which fuch materials are fubjeil.

Mill Stones. See Stones.

Mineral Water. See! Water.-

Minerals and FofSIs, not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwife charged with duty, for every /.100 of the value •	-	»

llinfc Skins. See Skins.

Mohair Yatn. See Camel Yarn, in Yarn.

Mole Skins. See Skim.

Moofe Skids. See Skim.

Morells, the lb. -	-	-	-	*

Mofs, Rock Mofs, the ton of 20 cwt.

(if for dyers* ufe, free.J Mother of Pearl Shells, for every £.100 of the value Mules, for every jf.rdo of the-value •

Mum. See Beer.

Mufieal Inftruments, net particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otberwifc charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value ....

Mufk, the oz. troy. -	-	•	-

Muffin, vi*.

-i—^ Plain White, having being imported by the United Cotfopany of Merchants Of England trading to the Eaft Indies, the fquare yard

-—.....not having been imported by the United Com-

pony of Merchants England trading to the Eaft indies, the fquare yard -	*

——being worked or figured, printed, painted, Rained, or dyed, Romals and all ether mu-dufa&ures Of cottdft, o of dcfttort ahd linen mixed1, whether plain, printed, painted, Sained, or dyed, net being particularly

] Duty.	1  Drawba <
£• *• ^	£• *• i
o' 0 7	0 0
33 0 *	00
w | 4  »	r 1 16 13 4  »
& 1 ft	. 0 * i
■ IS ii	• it t
2Q 5 4	** *3 4
ao s 4	1613 4
33 0 0	.29 S o
•0 S 7  .	0 2 y,  1
0. a it	0 % 9
049	046

SCHSDULE (A.)—ifJW'AKDS.

Muffin continued, vi*.

enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with duty, for every £, 100 of the value -And further, for every fquare yard thereof, if the fame had been-imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies -

—---------not having been imported by the

United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indict, the iqiuffe yard •-	-

Mufqutfh Skint. See Skins*

Mafiard Seed. See Seed.

Motion, as ProVifion*.

Mytrh, die B>.	*	«•	• m -

- N.

Naptinthg. Sie Liderf.

Natural BaHam. 8e* Balfam.

Neats’ Tdogues. SeeTongoes.

Necklaces of Glafs. See Bracelets*

Needles, as Hardware.

Neft Boxes. See Boxes.

Nets oM Fiibitig, freC.

Nedland or Newfoundland Fifh. See Filh.

Nicaragua Wood. Set Wood.

Nitmtn, as Salt Petre.

Nutmegs, the lb. -	-	-	-

•	-	Candied,	the lb. -	-	-

■	Oil of. See Oil.

Nuts, viz.

—— Cilbew, for evfcry /. 100 of tBe value	-

----Chefouts, the bulhei	-

----Pifbtchia Nuts, the lb.	-

— Small Nuts, the bulhei	...

«— Walnuts; the bulhei	-	•

Nux Vondica, the lb. -	-	-	-

Duty.

jC* d.

26 S 4

Drawback. 16 13 *

o %

soar

o a 11 o a it

o i 00 a f r

030021 o i 2ot i

3 i

0

o

o

o

o

0

1

o

X

O I X

29 8 6

*	5

6 5

o 11 o 7

*	4

O.

Oik, viz.

—	Bark. See Bark.

—Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

.— Knees. See Knees of Oak, in Wood. ' ----Plartk. See Wood.

—	Timber. See Wood.

Oakum, tbe cwt.	"	•	-

Oars. See Wbod.

Oats. See Com.

Oatmeal.* See Cord*

e

z ooo4

64 ' AnnoregniquadragcfimoquartsGe<Jrgii HI. c. 26. [t8oj

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Oil, viz.

—— of Almonds, the lb. -------of Amber, the lb.

-■ of Anifeed, the lb. -	-	-

—	of Carraway Seed, the lb.

■■ ■» of Caftor, the gallon ....

-----of Cinnamon, the oz. troy ...

-----of Cloves, the lb.	.

—	Fiih Oil. See Train Oil, in Oil.

—« of Hempfjwd, the tun, of 252 gallons

—— of Jeflamine, the lb.	- -	-,

-----of juniper, the lb.	-	-	-

-----of Linfeed, the tun, of 252 gallons

of Mace, .the lb.	- .

—— of Maijoram, the lb.	...

—— of Nutmegs, the lb.	-	-	-

—	of Oranges, the lb. -	-	-

—— ordinary Oil of Olives, as 'Seville, Minorca, Majorca, Apuglia, Provence, and Portugal, ana all other ordinary Oil of Olives, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the tun, of 252 gallons .... ——	in foreign (hipping, the tun, of 252 gallons

-----Palm, the cwt. -	-	-	-

*----of Rapeleed, the tun, qt. 252 gallons

-----of Rofemary, the lb. -	-	-

—1 ■- Sallad Oil, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the gallon -	-

----------- — in foreign (hipping, the gallon

-----of Saflafras, the lb. -

—— Seal Oil as Train Oil, in Oil. y— - Seed Oil, not particularly enumerated or de-fcribed, or otherwife charged with duty, the tun, of 252 gallons .... —— Succinum. See Oil of Amber.

-----of Thyme, the lb. -	-	-

-----of Turpentine or Spirits,	the	loolbs.

•—- of Vitriol, for every loolbs. ... N. B. If for dyers’ or manufa&urers’ ufc, free.

—	- — of Walnuts, the gallon	...

-----Whale. See Train Oil.

..—— all other Oils, being chemical Oils not par.

ticularly enumerated or defcribed, or other* wife charged with duty, for every £. ioo of the value	-	.	-

.....Train Oil or Blubber, viz.

— Blubber of Newfoundland, of (idling of

Duty. Dnvba c

33 O O

£•	, 1.	d.	L	> !•	
0	0	6	O	0	
0	0	10	O	0	]
O	3	4	O	2	
O	1	8	O	I	
0	4	5	0	3	1
0	2	2	0	2	\
0	5	6	0	3	i
9	7	0	8	1	t
0	1	7	0	X	i
0	0	1			i
1610		10	*4	XI	
0	3	10	0	3	
0	2	2	0	2	
0	6	9	0	3	
0	2	2	0	1	*1
8	6	7	6	1	it
9	4 *0		7	0	2!
0	IX	O	0	9	8
16	10	IO	13 *9		X
0	X	3	0	X	1
0	I	1	0	0	11
0	I	2	0	X	0
0	I	6	0	X	0
1816		0	6 16		ol
0	a	2	0	2	0
0	*9	3	0 18		9
0	2	0			
0	2	2	0	X	8

29' 8

iSafJ Ann aregfai qtaidrageftmd quarto Gfcbftan III. c. 2*6.	65

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

03, viz. Train Oil or Blubber continued.

the United Kingdom, the tun, qt. 252 gallons -■— ■ — of any other fort of fifhing of the United Kingdom, the tun, qt. 252 gallons

—Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter of Fifhing, of the United Kingdom, the tun, qt. 252 gallons -	-

---------of foreign Fifliing, the

tun, qt. 252 gallons -

—	Train Oil, or Fifh Oil, of Fifhing of the United

Kingdom, the tun, qt. 252 gallons ...

—	Train Oil, or Blubber, or Fifh Oil of foreign

Fifhing, the tun, qt. 252 gallons -For the conditions and regulations under which Oil or Blubber of Whales and Seal Oil may be imported, under the duties hnpofed on fuch articles of Brhifh fifhing or taking, fee the. Adi to which this Schedule is annexed.

—	Cloth. See Linen.

Oker, or Ochre, the bufhel -	-

Olibanum or Incenfe, the cwt. -Olive Oil. See Ordinary Oil of Olives, in Oil,

----Wood. See Wood.

Olivts, the hogfhead of 63 gallons Onion Seed. See Seed.

Onions, the bufhel	-	-	+'

Open Tapes. See Tapes. '

Opium, the lb. -	-	-	-

Opopanax. See Gum.

Orange Flower Watef, the gallon -	-	-

Oranges, the 1000

Orange Juice. "See Juice of Lemons and Oranges. Orchal, the cwt. -	-	-	r-.

(If for dyers* ufe, free;)

Orchelia or Archelia, the cwt. -	*

8f for dyers’ ufe, free.) il of Olives.- See Oil.

Ore, viz.

-1— Copper. See' Copper.

Gold, free.

—*Irdn. See Iron.

— Lca<H See Lead.

— Silvet, free.

Vol. XUV.

Duty.	Drawback.
	<C* St
0 4 *	—
0 11 7	1  %
262	—- ■
24 5 1	16 18 1'
0 17 4	:
23 2 0	16 2 9
. , A,	-r
0 i • 7 2 0 2	6 I T  x 17 It1
3 «>- 9  t'  OO7	i id $r  A  OO4
0 * 8  ‘ .	032
'O' i ‘ 0 o.I3J 7	O I 8;  09 3
0 6 11  r ,• ' -r■	052
0 5 6  t	006
	

F

6$	Anno rejpttjtMulrag^iiiBO quarto G&o&eii III. c.i$. [*80.4^

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS*

Daty.

Ore continued, viz.

—■ ■ not particularly anuinerated or defcribed, or otherwifc charged with duty, For every iool of the value *	*	.	-	«•	|

Organzine Silk. See Silk.

Origanum. See Oil of Thyme, in Oil.

Orpitnent, or Auripigmentum. See Arfenic.

Orris Root. See Ins or Orris Root.

Orfedew or Freding, the lb. . -	»

Oftrich Feathers. See Feathers,

Otw Shins. > s • cj.int

Ounce Skins.}	SttiXmi.

Outnal Thread. See Thread.

Ox Hair. See-Cow or Ox Hair, in Hair.

—— Hides. See Hides.

-----Horns. See Horns.

Oxen. See Cattle,

P.

Pack Ducks. See Drillings, in Linen.

Packing Canvas. See Canvas, in Linen.

Pack Thread. See Thread,

Paling Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

Pails or Kks of Wood, the dozen -	-

Painted Paper. See Paper.

Painters' Colours, not particularly enumerated or do.

fcribed, or otnerwiile charged with dijty, for every £. 100 of the value Paintings on Glafs,fcr every £-ioo 9/ the value Painted Wares, not particularly enumerated or do.

fcrfibed, or ojherwife charged with dUty, for every /. 100 of the value BalmOiL SeeOiL ,

Panther Skins. See Skins.

Pantiles. See Tiles.■

Paper, vie.	...

— ■ ■' ■ Bind, the ream -	...

And further for every jo lbs. .	.

Brown, the bundle of two reams	-	.

r And fortber fqr every jo lbs..

> Gdld Paper, the fmall grofs of (heets Hangings, for every fquare yard *

Pate Boards, Mill Boards, and Scale Boards,

' for every cwt. •

•	Trailing Papef, the 100 leaves And further; for every 10 lbs. -

•	of all other forts, whether plain, printed, pointed, (tailed, or dyed, and not particularly

jC* *• d.

20 j

i

008

a a 2

» S 4 33 o o

133 b ©4

o 1 to, O % l 0 12

0	2	1

0 8 6 0 0 6

1	a o 052 021

Drawback.

£. 1. eU

6 *3	-4-

096

* » 6

16 13 4 ■*9*o

*980

o t 8

o a t

o 1 o

(XX t

O 4. 8

O o J

0 1) q

o 4 7

o a 1

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Paper continued.

enumerated or delcribed, or otherwife charged with duty* for every lb. ... Parchment, the dozen of 12 meets Pa ieBoards or Mill Boards. See Paper.

Paring Tiles. See Tiles.

Pearl Afbes, as AOieS.

Pearl or Hulled Barley, imported in (hipping of die United

Kingdom, the cwt.

■■ ■« ■ ■■ -in foreign (hipping, the .	cwt.

Penh. Bee Diamonds.

Pearl Shells. See Mother of Pearl Shells.

Pears, thi bufltel -	-	....

*— dried, the bafliel ...	-	-

Peas. See Corn.

(If for Sowing, free.)

Peffitory, the lb.	-	-	-

Pelts. See Skins.

Pencils, for every £. IOO of the value	*

Pens, for every £. too of the value Pepper, viz.

*—-— Black or White, of the Eaft Indies, the lb. .

» Cayenne, the lb.	.....

■	- Guinea, the lb.	....

-------Long, the lb.

Perfumed Oil, as Chemical OH.

Peffutterjr, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or crtheTwife charged with duty, for every too „ of the value	....

Perry, See Cyder.

Pewvianus Cortex. See Cortex.

Pewter, did, for every /. too of the value -	•

Pickled Cucumbers, Bee Cucumbers.

Pickles, not particularly enumerated or delcribed, or otberwife charged with duty, for every/. too of the value -	-	*	.

FiSure FVames, for every j£. too of the value Pi&urtt, for every too of the value ‘ * -	«

Pig Iron. See Iron.

Pig Lead. See Lead.

Pift Boxen; See Boxes.

Pimento, vie.

■ ■i'	■ of foe Brkifo planfttions, the lb.	•

not of the Britilb plantations, the lb.

Fink Rodt, for every	£.too of the value

Pins. See Haberdajhery.

Pipe Boards, See Boards, in Wood.

F 2

Duty.	Drawback*
£. t.	C *■ <*'
0 07	005
290	170
084	077
09a	o*8 S
'D I 9	016
ota	0 0 to
ft  O  O	002
10 5 4	16 n 4
20-5 4	1613 +
009	00 9
022	0 1 fo
009	6 0 8
006	005
3J 0 0	29' 8 'o
20 S 4	16 13 4
33 0 0	29 8 O'
33 <>• q	29 8 0
33 0 0	29. 8 0
o 0 i	0 3 3
004	003
33 0 0	29 8 0

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Piftachia Nuts. Sec Nuts.

Pitch, viz.

■	■ ■ ■■■ of the produce of any of the dominions on planta-

tions of the Crown of the United Kingdom, the laft of ia barrels, each barrel qL 31^ gallons -

■	■■— not being the produce of any of the dominions or

plantations of the Crown of theUnited Kingdom, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the Jaft of 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31^ gallons -	-	-	-	-

—— in foreign (hipping, the laft of 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31^ gallons —~ of the growth or produftion of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.)

— Burgundy or Rhinehurft, the cwt.

"Planks. See Wood.

Plants and Trees, for every ioo of the value Plainer of Paris, the cwt.	»	„	-

Plate, viz.

—— battered, fit only to be re-manufa&ured. See Bullion.

— of Gold wrought, for every £. iooofthc value -—* further for every oz. troy thereof •—— of Silver gilt, for.cvery 100 of the value —— further for wrery oz. troy thereof —— part guilt, for every £. too of the value -—- further for every oz. of troy thereof ■	■" ungilt, for every £. ioo of the value

—— and further for every oz. troy thereof Plated Wares, not particularly enumerated ordeferibed, or otherwife charged With duty, for every £. ioo of the value thereof -,	.	.	And	further	for	every oz. troy of Plate

thereon ..... Platters of Wood, the dozen -Platting, or other Manufactures of Balt, Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horfehair, to be ufed in or proper for making Hats or Bonnets, for every £. ioo of the value thereof Plumbs dried, as Groceries.

Polonia Wool, as Spanifh. See Wool.

Pomatum, the lb.	-

Pomegranates, the 1000	-	-	-

■	— -Peels, the cwt.

(If for dyers' ufe, free.)

Pomice Stones. See Stones.

Pofcelane, See China Ware. Pork, as Provifions,

Duty.	Drawback.
£■ d.	£. i. <U
0 18 s	0 14 9
6 19 6	0 15 10
1 0 11	0 17 3
O  00  O	073
3 19 2	072
007	006
16 16 2	16 16 2
082	024
16 6 2	16 6 2
012	009
16 6 2	16 6 2
oii	009
16 6 2	16 6 2
010	009
20 s 4	16 13 4
0 0 9	0 0 9
0 .0 9	OOO
OO  W  O  O	29 8 0
Oil	0 0 0
126	, 0 13 8
0921	065

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

Pot Allies* as Afhes.

Potatoes* as Provifions.

Pots, viz.

----melting Pots for goldfmiths, the 100

----of Stone* for every £. of the valoe

Poultry, as Provifions.

Powder, viz.

-	■— ' Gunpowder. See in G.

—	— ■ Hair Powder. See in H.

■ Sago Powder. See in S.

Precious Stones. See Diamonds,

Precipitate. See Mercury.

Prints, viz.

----Paper, for every 100 of the value

— coloured* for every 100 of the value Printers’ Ink. See Ink.

Printing Letters or Types, the cwt. -Provifions, (not being Groceries) not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwifc charged with duty* for every 100 of the value -Note. The lord-lieutenant is authorifed to permit the importation into Ireland of Corn and Filh, and all Provifions whatever* without payment of duty, fee the Ad of 41 Geo. 3. c. 36. continued by fubfequcnt Ads to 25th March, 1805.

Prunel Sal. See Sal.

Prunefloes, the lb. -	.	-	-	-

Prunes, viz.

——■ ■ imported in /hipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.

■■ ■■■■ in foreign /hipping, the cwt. « Pfylliupi* the lb. -	-	-

Pulfe, as Provifions.

Purple Wood. Seo Wood.

Pyrmont Water. See Mineral Water, in W.

£. s.

025

44	0	o

33 0 0 33 0 0

1 14 8

>3 5 7

008

068

073

003

/	.	CL

Quaffia Wood. See Lignum Qua/fia. Queenfborough Canvas. See Canvas, in Linen. Quercitron or Black Oak Bark. See Bark. Quern Stones. See Stones.

Quickfilver, or Argentum Vivum, the lb. Quinces* the 100	-	*	-	-	-»	*

R.

Racoons Skins. See Skins.

Raddle, the barrel	V	*

- 0 1 I

o

I 10

Drawback. £. s d.

O I 40 8

3

9

29 8 0 29 8 o

1 IO 8 9 *3 7

<

005

042

049

003

oil

o * 3 0 *1 8

SCHBDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Radix, viz. •

----Enuls Campease, or Efulae, the cwt. - r

----Eringii, the lb. -	-	•

■—— Ipecacoanha, the lb.

----Serpentarise, or Snake Root, the lb.

Rags, old, of Linen, fit only for making Paper, free. Railins, viz.

• ■ ■ ■ ■ Belvedere, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.	....

———in foreign (hipping,the cwt, ■' ■ ■ ■■ Denia, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt.	...

—— in foreign (hipping, the cwt. -

-	——Faro, imported in (hipping of the United King-

dom, the cwt. -

■ ■ ■■ in foreign (hipping, the cwt. -

—	■»» ■ Lexia, imported in (hipping of the United King-

dom, the cwt.	-

——in foreign (hipping, the cwt. -■- r ■ ' Lipari, imported in (hipping of the United King-dom, the cwt. .... — ■ —-in foreign (hipping, the cwt. -—— Smyrna, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt. ....

• in foreign (hipping,the cwt.

—	■ ■ ■ of the Snn, imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom, the cwt. ...

<	in foreign (hipping,the cwt.

■ — »i—not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or ■ other wife charged with duty, imported in (hipping of tiae United Kingdom, the cwt.

----.imported ifi foreign (hipping, the cwt.

Rape, viz.

—— Seed. See Seed.

—	Oil. See Oil. .

-----of Grapes, for evety £. too of the valns

Ratifia. See Cordial Water, in Spirits.

Rattans. See Canes.

Raw Linen Yarn. See Yarn.

-----Silk. See Silk.

Razors, the dicker oif 10 razors	...

Red Lead. See Lead.

—	Wood. See Wood.

—	Wool. See Wool.

Reed Canes. See Canes.

Regulus, the cwt.	-

(Of for dyers’ ufc, free.)

Refiaa Jalappss, for every £. 100-of the.value.

Duty.	Drawback*
£ *•	£■ i. d.
0 9 IX	0 9 it
002	002
027	023
020	» 0 .* 11
0 14 9	0 13 4
0 17 0	0 IS 7
0 14 8	0 13 4
0 16 10	0 15 6
0 14 9	0 13 4
0 17 0	0 is 7
0 IS 3	0 13 5
017J	0 15 7
0 16 . 9	.0 15 4
0 17 0	0 15 7
0 14 1	0 13 3
ov»6 4	0 15 6
0 16 3	0 13 f
018 j	0 15 8
0 14 8	0 13 4
0 16 11	0 15 7
20 5 4	16 13 4
069	0 6 *
0 9 i)	0 b 0
33 © ®	19 8 0

ifof] Anno rcgni quadragpfimo quarts Gsoy.au III. c. 2$.	71

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWAEDS.

ftuneharft. See Burgundy Pitch.

Shodioa Lignum. See Lignua).

Khubarh, the lb. -	-	-	•	-	.

Ribband,	viz.

—	—• of Silk, the Ih. qt. 16 oz. ...

» ■» of Gold, or Silver, or both, the lb. qt. t6 oz. the, the cwt. .	-	. •

—of the produce of the United States of America, fee Schedule (B.)

Roch Alum. See Alum.

Rock Mofe. See Muft.

Roounum Vitriolum. See Copperas Blue.

Ropes, viz.

—	of Baft. See Baft Ropes.

■ new. See Cordage.

—	—— old. See Junk.

Rofe, viz.

—— Copper. See Copper.

*f—Leaves, See Leaves of Rofes,

Rofcmarjr, Oil of. See. Oil. ftofin, viz.

—of the dominions or plantations belonging to the Crown of the United Kingdom, the cwt*

—	not ot the produce of any of the dominions or plan*

tations belonging to the Crown of the United Kingdom, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the cwt. ....

■ ■ ■ - ■ ■ imported in foreign (hipping, the cwt. w— of the produce of the United States of America, fee Schedule (B.)

Round Wood. See Wood.

Rubies. See Diamonds.

Rum. See Spirits.

Rv^ as Corn.

Duty.	Drawback.
jL’ *• d.	
0 * 9	m  ft  O
13 0	7 0 6
891	8 1 1
0 XO 4	09$

O a

S

o a 1

0 s <0 o g i

0 4 Q 0 $ «

s.

Sable Skins. See Skins.

Saccharum Saturni, for every /. 100 of the value (If for dyers’ ufe, free!)

Saffower, die lb. .	-	*	*	"	-

(If for dyers’ ufe, free.)

Saffron, the lb.	-	-	»

Sagspinum Gum. See Gum,

Sam, whole or powdered, the lb. -	*

$au Cloth. See Canvas, in Linen.

Sal, viz.

---Alkali, the lb. -

-v Ammontacus, the cwt. •

33 o o

0 * *3

• 4 «

« o

O 0.2

° M

a 4I o o g

©

•Us.;

2

4

71	Annoregni cjtoadragefimoquarto Georgii III.c. 26.	f 1804,

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.			Duty			Drawback.	
Sa! continued, viz;			£•	s.	d.		S. d.
	Cornu Cervi, the lb.			O	2	9	0	a 6
-—* Glauber, the cwt. * - -			0	16	6	0	g jo
—- Prunella, the lb.	-	-	o	O	3	0	o 3
—— Succini, the lb.	m	W	0	2	9	0	a 7
■■ — Tartari, the lb. - *	m	-	0	0	4	0	0 3
—— Volatile Ammoniatus.for every 100 of tt>e value			33	O	0	29	8 0
Salep or S^lop, the lb. - ' - *		•	0	O	4	0	0 a
Sallad Oil. See Oil.							
Salt, viz.							
■ — White or Bay, the bulhel of 56 lbs.	-		0	I	5		
■— not Bay, the bulhel of 56 lb*.’	•	•	0	2	0		
		Rock, the ton of 40 bulhels, each bulhel qt. 65 lbs.			3	O	0		
Salt Pctre, the cwt.		•	6	O	3		
Sand Boxijs. See Boxes,		•					
Sandrake Gum. See Gum..							
Sanguis Draconis, the lb- - ?			0	I	1	0	0 11
Sarcocolla Gum. See Gum.							
Sarfaparilla, the lb. - 7	•	.	0	I	1	0	x 0
Saflafras, the cwt. * 7			0	4	0,	0	3 4
- — ■ Oil. See Oil.							r *
Saunders or Sanders Wood, viz.							
Red, the cwt.	t		0	8	3	0	0 9
(If for dyers’ ufe, free.)							m
			0	0	8	0	0 I
{If for dyers’ ufe, free.)							
Scale Board. See,in’Paper.							
Scammony, the lb. - r		•	0	4	5	0	3 ®
Scoops of Wood, the dozen -	•	m	0	i	8	0	1 6
Scordium, the lb. -	m	• _	0	0	3	0	0 2
Sculptured Marble. See Stones.		•					
Sea Cow Teeth, the lb. •		•„	0	0	10	0	0 8
Sea Holly Roots, the cwt. 7	•		0	12	1	0	16 0
Sea Hone Teeth, the lb.			0	i	0	0	O XI
Sea Morft; Teeth, die lb.			0	0	11	0	0 10
Seal Oil. See Train Qil, in Oil.							
—— Skins. See Skins,							
Seed, viz.							
	Annileed, the cwt. - -	7		0	17	11	0	15 8
« — Ganary Seed, the'ewt. •* -	m	_	0 15		5	0	12 7
	Carraway, the cwt. -		» —	0	7	5	b	6 8
		 Carthamus, the lb. - r -		M	0	0	3	0	0 2
—— Cloyer, the cwt.	m		0	6	2	0	7 5
—— Cole, th£ quarter of 8 bulhels ' •	m	-	0	*3	2	0	9 11
—— Coriander, the'ewt.	' -	m	0	7	4	0	6 6
— - Cummin, the cwt. • »	•		0	13	2	0	11 8
~ - Fennel, the fb. ' - - - '			0	0	3	0	0 3
rr-t- Fenugreek, th$ cwt.	7		0	8	7	0	7 9

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Seed continued.

—Garden Seed, or Foreft Seed, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with duty, the lb. •	•

----Hemp, free.

—Linfeed or Flaxfeed, free.

-—Lacern Seed, the cwt.

—	Maw, the cwt. -

— Millet, the cwt.	-

----Muftard, thejewt. -----

----Onion, the cwt. -	-

----Pioni or Peoni, the lb.

—	Rape, the quarter of 8 bufhels -

----Worm, the lb.	-

r— not particularly enumerated or defetibed, or otherwife charged with duty, and not being . Drugs, for every £. too of the value *— Lac. See Gum Lac.

—	Oil. See Oil.

Senna, die lb. -	-	«	«

Seneca Radix or Root. See Radix.

Serpentaria Radix. See Radix.

Shaven Latten. See Latten.

Shaving for Hats. See Platting.

Sheep, as Provifions.

—	Skins. See SJrins.

Sheep’s Wool. See W ool.

Sheet Lead. See Lead.

Shellac. See Gum Lac.	•

Shells, Mother of Pearl. See in M.

Ships, with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture (ex-' cept Sails} for every £.100 of the value -Shovels of Wood, unihod, the dozen -Shruff, or old Brafs, fit only to be re-manufadtured, the cwt. -Shumac, or Sumac, the cwt. -	-	.«•

(If for dyers5 ufcf free.)	t

Sider. See Cider.

Silk, viz.

—	Knubs or ffuiks of Silk, the lb. of 21 oz.

—	Organzine, the lb. of 16 oz. - -

—	Raw, of Turkey, the lb. of 24 oz.

— of any other country, except his Ma-jefty5s colonies or plantations, the lb. of 24 oz. -	-	-	-	J

----of the Britifla plantations, the lb. of 24 oz.

—	Thrown, dyed,'thelb. of 16 oz.

undyed, the 16. of 16 oz.

Duty.



003

o 6 o 16

0 3 0 2 o 18 o o ° 5

O I

20 5

O I

5 o 0 3

o 12 o 3

o

o

o

o

Drawback.

£• A

o o

037 012 9

0	2	IO

0 I JO

Q *3 7

o o 2

0 3 7

oil

16 13 4

Oil

027

O IO 2 O23

OO5 O 2 II O I XI

0	I If

001 o~ 8 4 057

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Silk continued.

------Waite Silk, not particularly enumerated or defer! bed, or o|be(wife charged with duty, the ]b, pf ib oz.

—	Wrought, mix'd with Gold or Silver, or both,

not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or jOtherwife charged with duty, the lb, of 16 oz. —— Manufadures of all other forts, whether of Silk only, or mixed with any other materials, and not being particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with duty, the lb. of 16 o±.

—	— Worm Gut, for every £.ioo of the value Silver Coin. See Coin*

»—• Plate. Sec Plate.

Simarouba Cortex. See Cortex*

Singing Birds. See Birds.

Sifter’s Thread# See Thread*

Skeets for Whhfters, the fkeet * W • Skins, viz.

t— Badger Skins, undrefied, the (kin

^ Beat, undrefied, the (kin*	~	-

—	Beaver, undrefed, or Indian half dreflfed, the

fkin, of tjhe Britifh colonies or plantations ■■■■»■■■ ■ not of the Britifh plantations, the fkin —if drefled in oil, a further duty the lb*

——- Buck or Deer. See Deer, in Skins*

—	— Calabar. See Squirrel.

—	Calve Skins in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in

any way drefled^ the dozen (kins, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -	-	.	w

—— imported in foreign (hipping, the dozen	-

—— tanned, the lb. -	-	-

—— but if drefled in oil, a further duty for every lb.	-	-

—— Cat, undrefied, the 100 Ikins -

—	Coney, undrefied, the dozen ikins -

—	Cordivants, duelled, of Spain, the dozen

-----■----of Turkey, the dozen

—— Deer, undrefied, the fkin -	-

—«- drefled, the fkin -

------- Indian, half drefled or fhaved, the fkin -

y— Dog in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any

Say drefled, the dozen Ikins, imported in jppiog of the United Kingdom

M — imported in foreign (hipping* (he dozen (kins . -	*

Duty.	Dni^bai
d*	£,' *• 4
o  o	0 0
7 *3 9	7 >M
5 *3 4	5 « i
*0 5 4	16 13
o o a	0 0
o O JI	00
, ° 7 7	0 \
004	O 0 i
tf 1 1	0 0 l
0 0 3	® 0
0 i a	1  !  j
04a	0 Z i
008	0 0 3
0 « 3	0 0 j
0 16 4	0 14 j
O 0 y	005
I 1 O	0 16 ic
0 19 6	0 16 7
0 0 4	0 0 si
0 1 *	0 0 ir
0 Q 4	0 ° a
PO  0  Q	006
O  O	' 0 0 10

SCHEDULE (A.) — INWARDS.		Duty.			Drawback.		
SMm cog formed.		c		d.	6.	/•	JL
	Dog Fi(h, undrefled, the dozen (kin* . -	•	0	3	9	0	2	9
i 	Elk Skins in the hair, not tanned, tawed.	or In						
any way drefed, the Hein, imported in (hipping							
of the United Kingdom -	-	0	Q	8	0	0	1
							
the flea	•	0	1	0	0	0	5
■— Endue or Arinin, undrefled, the timber of 40							
ticks - - - - -	m	0	x6	1	0	*4	7
— Filher, undrefled, the fkin - •	m	0	2	P	0	1	10
-—- Fitches, undrefled, the timber of 40 (kins.	•	0	6	,8	0	S	0
— Fox, undrefled, the (kin~	.	0	0	9	0	0	6
	Tails, for every £,100 of the value	-	33	0	0	29	8	0
—— Croat, vi».							
—- raw or undrefled, if imported in (hipping of							..
the United Kingdom, the dozen		0	X	10	0	0	a
—— imported in foreign (hipping, the dozen		0	9	0	0	7	4
—»tanned, the dozen -	-	2	8	9	2	4	S
	but if drefled in oil, a further duty the lb.		0	0	4	O	O	4
• Hare, undrefled, the 126 {kins - *		0	4	6	0	l	6
- Hii/fe, uadrofled, the lkip , -		0	0	3	0	O	3
*— Kid in the hair, the 100 Qpns		0	I	j			
——drefled, the ioo (kios — *		1	17	6	1	*3	8
Lamb, undrefled, in the wool, the 120 (kins		0	7	tc	0	4	b
—— drefled in dam, fall, or meal, the too (kins		1	2	6	0 19		6
—-w drefled in oil, the 100 ikins		a	12	to	2	0	to
		.0	Q	7	0	9	7
—- Slink, undrefled, in the wooL the 120 -		0	2	7	0	I	it
Leopard, undrefled, the (kin -		0	10	2	0	9	1
-— Lion, undrefled, the fkin		0	4	2	0	3	9
—— Marton or Martron, undrefled, the limber of 40							
/kins - *		3	16 10		3	12	6
- ■ Tails, undrefled, the 120		013		6	0	*3	2
—— Minever, the mantle - «-		0	4	7	0	4	0
— Mink,, undrefled, the timber of. 40 (kins		1	h	4	1	2	10
—- tawed, the timber of 40 (kins		I	*9	9	1	9	9
—Male, undrefled, the dozen - -		0	0	4	0	0	3
	Moofc, undrefled, the (kin -		0	4	1	0	3	1
Muiquafti, undrefled, thy 100 (kina		I	0	4	0	18	3
—- Otter, undrefled, the (kin - *		0	2	5	0	1	M
*— Ounce, undrefled, the (kia « «		0	5	4	0	4	3
—- Panther, undrefled, the (kin -	*	0	8	4	0	7	3
*— Pelts of Goats, undrelfed, the dozen		0	2	2	0	1	to
> ■ ■ * drefled, the dozen		0	3	10	0	3	7
of all other forts, undrefled, the 100		0	ta	4	0	10	t(
'— Racoon, undrefled, the too (kins		1	to	2	0	>9	4
'— Sable, undrefled, the (kin -		0	4	5	0	3	ip
•— Tails or Tips of Sable, undrefled, the	piece	0	0	9	P	0	.1

SCHEDULE (A-)—INWARDS.

Skins continued.

— Seal in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or any way drelied, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the Ikin

-----imported in foreign (hipping, the (kin

For the conditions and regulations under which Seal Skins may be imported under the duties impofed on fuch (kins of Britifb fi(h-ing or taking, fefe the Aft to which this Schedule is annexed.

—— Sheep, undrefled, in the wool, the dozen (kins -

-----drefled in oil, tanned, or tawed, the dozen

(kins -

-----and further, as drefled in oil, for every iolb.

-■■■ Squirrel or Calabar, undrefled, the timber of 40 (kins ------

———■	 —	tawed,	the timber of 40 (kins

—— -----------------Tails,	for	every/.100 of the

value

—	Swan, undrefled, the (kfn	*	-

------ Tyger, undrefled, the (kin	. -

•----Weafel, undrefled, the lao (kins

-*—- Wolf, undrefled, the (kin -	*

—— tawed, the (kin —- Wolverings, undrefled, the (kin

And alio fuch of the (kins herein-before enumerated, except thofe particularly provided for, as tanned or drefled in oil, (ball be fubjed to the following further duties, viz.

—— if tanned, for every iclbs.	r

r— if drefled in oil, for every lb.

And pieces of (kins, undrefled, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with duty as' fuch/ for every £*10Q of the value -	-	-	-

—	and pieced of (kin, whether tanned, tawed, or in

any way drefled, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or othertirife charged with duty fuch for every £. 100 of the value And furt her, if tanned, for every iolbs.

•------—-—if drefled in oil, the lb,

Slate Pencils, for every /.100 of the Value Slates in Frames. See Stones.

Slick Stones. See Stones.

Smalts, free.

Smyrna Raifins. See Railins.

Snake Root. See Radix Serpentariae. '

$nuff, the lb.	-	-

: III. c. 16,	
Duty.	Dnwbj
£• d-	
0 0 a	- - 1
0 0 10	O O  1
0 1 10	O X  1
065	0 6
006	0 0
0 3 4	0 a
0 4 5	0 3  1
33 0 0	29 8
016	0 i
050	0 3
042	0 1
0 8 10	0 7
0 12 4	0 11
052	O 4
012	0 1
003	0 0
33 0 0	29 8
33 0 0	29 8 <
012	0 1 :
003	0 0
20/5 4	16 13 }
0 1 11	0 I 10

SCHEDULB (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

SmS continued.

-----of the produce and manufacture of the United

States of America, fee Schedule (B.)

Banff Boses. See Boxes.

Soap, ra.

-----Alhes. See A(hes.

-----Hard, the cwt. ■ -

—	Soft, or Black Soap, for every £.ioo of the value

(If for dyers’ or manufacturers’ ufe, free.) Socotorina Aloes. See Aloes.

Spa Ware, for every £.100 of the value

—	Water, as Mineral Water, in Water.

Spanifl) Wool. See Wool,

Spars. See Wood.

Spelter, the cwt. -	-	-	*	-

Spermaceti, viz.

—»	— Candles. See Candles.

------ Fine, the lb. •	•	*

-	- —- Oil. See Oil.

Spirits,	viz. “

■	—	Arquebufade, the gallon	«	-

-------Arrack, the gallon	-	-

-	■ Brandy, imported in (hipping of theUnited

Kingdom, the gallon	-	-

-----— in foreign (hipping, the gallon

■	■ ■ ■ Citron Water, the gallon -

-------Cordial Water, not particularly enumerated or

deferibed, or otherwife charged with duty, the gallon .... —— Geneva, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the gallon-	-	-

-----in foreign (hipping, the gallon

■— - Hungary Water, the gallon

■	----Lavender Water, the gallon -

------Rum, of the growth, produce, or manufacture

of his Majefty’s colonies or plantations, the gallon -	-

Note, .for. the conditions' and regulations under which Rum or Spirits of the produce of the Britifh plantations, may be warehoused without payment of duty, fee 41 Geo. III. cap 94.

—— Rum not of his Majefty’s colqnies of plantations, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the gallon not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with duty, the gallon

£. s. d.

* 5 3 *9

o 16

o 1

O 9

o 9

o 9 o 10 o 9

o 9 0 10 o 9 0 9

£. s. d‘

33 o 0

Drawback.

094

0 7 3

0 ID

o 9

12 9

0 7 2

29 3 6

o 12 9 o 1 j

o 9 t 091

o 8 10 o 9 to 091

091

0 8 10 o 9 10 091 09c

071

o 9 10

090

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Spirits continued.

And for every gallon of Spirits, called Brandy, * Geneva, and Rum, above the quality of Single Spirits, an additional duty for filth Spirits to be *paid in proportion to the duties payable for Single Spirits of the like denomination, according to the compara-five degree of ftrength which it fhall bear to Single Spirits of the like denomination.

-	■ — of Hartfhorn, for every/. 100 of the value -

Spifitus Vitrioli. See Oil of Vitriol.

Spokes for Wheels. See Wood.

Sponge, tjie lb.	-

Spouts of Wood, for every £. 100 of the value -	-

Spruce, viz.

-----— Beer. See Beer.

■— • Efience of. See Eflence. ♦

-	—	Canvas. Set Canvas, fh Lirterf.

Squills, the cwt. -	-	-	•

Squirrel Skins. See Skins.

Stags’ Horns. ' See Horns.

Stained Paper. See Paper.

Starch, the cwt.	-

Note, for the conditions and regulations under which Starch may be imported, free of duty, fee the 40 Geo. III. chap. 43.

Stave&cre, the cwt.	*•

Staves. See Wood.

Steel, Viz.

■—Gad Steel, the cwt. -	•

—— Long Steel, the cwt.	-

— Wire. See Wire.

■ ■■'—* Wifp, the cwt. •	•	•	•

Stibium. See Antimonium Preparatum.

Stick Lac. See Gum Lac.

Stock Fifh. See Fifli.

Stockings, viz,

—1--------Cotton, for every £.100 of the value

^ ■ Thread or Worfted, for every £.100 of the value -

Stocks for Anchors. See Anchor Stocks, in Wood. Stone Bottles. See Bottles.

Stones, viz.

■Blood Stones, the lb. •	*

—Burrs for Mill Stones, the 100

■■ Dog Stones, not exceeding four feet in diameter, above fix and tinder twelve ihches in thicknefs, the laft of three pair

Duty.  >	Drawba
	£• *•
33 0 ©	29 8
013	00
20 5 4	t6 13
034	0 3
0 12 10	0 11 j
016	O 12 0
0 it 0	■  0 90
06$	0 410
0 6 it	0 411  1
44 0 0	S  00  0
O  O  *	40 8 0
0 a a	-018
1 9 1	097
0 18 2	0 it 10

ttef ]iaao regni qwdngefino quarto Gxoaaii ni. c. a 4,79

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

ftwenmueL

----Emery Stone*, the cwt. •	-

----FJtenng Stone*, for every too of the value

----Flag Stones, the too Iquare feet

—Flint for Potter*, the ion, qt. aoewt. «

—	Grinding Stones, the chalder, qt, to cwt. --------Marble Blocks, for every /.too of the value

Mill Stones, above 4 feet in diameter, or if it inches in thicknefs or upwards, the piece *

• — Pom ice Stones, the ton, qt. to cwt. »	»

■---Qpern, under 3 feet in diameter, and not

exceeding 6 inches in thicknefs, the laft of three pair » i— ■ 3 feet in diameter, and not above 4 feet in diameter, and not exceeding 6 inches in thicknefs, (he laft of three pair -

.... Sculptured Marble, or Stone, or Statuary, for

every £.too of the value -•

*—-Slates in Frames, not exceeding-12 inches in length, the dozen - -■	1.	1	.<	1 1 exceeding 12 inches in length,

the doacn

-— Slick, the 10O ftones	-	...

----Whet, the 1 do ftones	-

Storft at Styrax, viz.

*—«-Cabmha, the lb. -	-*	-

----Liquids, the lb.	-	■*

Sine Hats or Bonnets. See Hats.

—	Plating. See Rating.

Stufi of all forts made or mixed with Wool, not par* ocularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwife charged with duty, the yard -	-	-

And betides, if mixed with Silk, for every lb. qt. 16 02.	-

Saccades or Succards, the lb*

Saccini Sal. See Sal.

Sacdnum, as Amber. 3m Amber.

Saccas Liquoritiae or Liquorice Juice or Ball, the cwt. Sugar, via.

—refined, the cwt	- . • -	-

—	White, of the Britifh plantations, the cwt,

——• not of die Britifla plantations, the cwt. -•— Muftorado and Brown, of the Britifh plantations, the cwt.

For the drawback on the due exportation of Britifla plantation fogar in the feme ftate as imported, and the

Duty.	Drawback.
£• *• J	£• *• ^
Oil	0 1 0
20 5 4	16 12 4
0 16 6	O89
Oil	O I t
042	0 3S
20 J 4	16 13 4
0 19 6	0 7 5
205	OII3
00  **  0	053
i 9 11	1 5 1
33 0 0	29 8 0
Oil	0 0 to
022	0 t tt
0 is- 6	0 15 t
030	0 2 •
012	01 i
009	007
077	0 5 to
5 11 S	S 11 8
012	010
* i 5	1 19 11
5 >9 1	5 19 1
179	—
a 16 s	2 16 S
1 3 10	.	
	

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Sugar, viz.

Mufcovado and Brown continued.

bounties oh refined fugar made thereof, See4i Geo. III. chap. 74.

42	Geo. IU. chap. 60, and the

43	Geo, III. chap. 17.

■ ■	—	not	of the Britifh plantations, the

cwt.

■— ■ ■' of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the Eaft Indies, having been imported into England by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, for every j£.ioo of the value thereof, Britifh currency, according to the grofs price at which fuch Sugar wall have been publicity fold at the Eaft-India company’s fale in London • -And further, for every cwt.-of fuch Sugar ■ - Candy, Brown, the cwt.

-——White, the cwt.	-

-------Moulds, the cwt.	-

Sulphur Vivum, the cwt. -Swan Skins. See Skins.

Sweep Wafhers’ Dirt, containing Bullion. See Bullion. Sweet Wood. See Wood.

Sword Blades, viz*

—	■'	—-----fine, the dozen -

----- ■ ■■ — coarfc, the dozen.	-

T.

Tacamahaka Gum. See Gum.

Talc, viz. -

—	Green, the lb. - . - •

-----White, the lb..............................

Tallow, the cwt. -	-	-	-

.....- Candles. See Candles.

Tamarinds, the lb.	-	-	-

Tanners* Wafte, for every £.100 of the~value •- -Tapes, as Haberdafhery Wares.

Tapeftry, not of Silk, for every £,100 of the value -Tapioca, the lb.	-

Tar, viz.

—	of the produce of any of the dominions or plants

tions of the Crown of the United Kingdom, imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, the laft qt. 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 31^ gallons -	-	•

——not being of the produce of any of the dominions or plantations of the Crown of the United King, dom, imported in (hipping of the United King

Duty.

*•

45

o

3

5

o

o

1

5

*9

19

*3

9

o 12 0 8

o

o

o

0

20

33

o

U' L

x 17	7

o

0

1

o

5

o

o

o 13 2

Drawbmct I

I 17

[45 1 0 5 3 19 5 19 o ix o 9

*

2

2

2

4

o

095

063

007 004 o .1 io

003 16 13 4

29 80

o o 3

o 10 3

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Tar continued.

don, the laft,qt. 12 barrels, each barrel not (exceeding 3i{ gallons -—*- imported in foreign (hipping, the laft, qt, 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding 314 gallons	......

—— of the produce of the United States of America.

See Schedule (B.)

■—- Barbadoes, the lb. -	-	-	-	-

Tares, for every ,£.100 of the value	-

Tarns, the buihel	......

Tartar, Cream of. See Cream of Tartar.

Tartar! Sal. See Sal.

Tea, via.

— imported from Great Britain, having been pur-ebafed at any of the Tales of the Eaft-India company in London, at a price not exceeding 2J. 6 firitilh, the lb. for every £.100 of the value thereof, according to fuch price ...

• imported from Great Britain, having beep pur-chafed at any of the Tales of the Eaft-India com-

Erry in London, at a price exceeding 21. 6 itiftt, the lb. for every £.100 of the value thereof, according to fuch price .... Tea felt, the icco	- - -	-

Tdelcopes, for every £.100 of the value ... Terra, via.

-—— Japonica, for every	too of the value -	-

-----Umbra, the cwt.

-----Verda, for every £. ICO of the value

Thermometers, for every £.100 of the value. - -Thculoufe Woad. SeeWoad.

Thread, viz.

—— Bruges or Bridget, the dozen lbs. -	-	•

-—■— Colton, for everyj£. jeo of the value	-	-

. Gold and Silver Thread, the lb. -	• ’ -

—<— OutnaL the dozen lbs.	....

-----Pack Thread, the 100 lbs.	-

•----Siller’s Thread, the lb.

- -'Whited Brown Thread, the dozen lbs. - -— — not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or ptherwife charged with duty, for every£.100 of the value .	-	-	-	-

Thrown Silk. See $iik.

Thyme Oil. See Op.

Ticket), as Manufactures of Flax, in Linen.

Ticks, as Manufactures of Flax, in Linen.

Tiffanies of Silk. See Silk Manufacture, is Silk.

Voi. XLV.	G

Duty-	| Drawback*
£• *'	£. 1. *
0 14 7	0118
0 1 s 5	0 12 6
003	0 b 3
*3 5 7	9 *3 1
006	oo4

25 17 o

42 7 0

0 0 3 33 0 0

G 0 ° o 7 11

*054

20 $ 4

I 1 10

1 s 0 o 19

° 'I 0 0

o 8

J3

o o

22 7 o

38 17 - 9

OO*

29 8 o

29 8 o 062 16' 13 4 16 13 ♦

O 14

46 o 15

o 15

0 4 0 7

o

o

2

3

4

9

2

29

8. 0

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Tiles, viz.

-----Flanders Tiles, the 1000

■ — Galley or Galley Tiles, the foot fquare —— Pan, the 1000	-	-	-

— Paving Tiles, not exceeding 10 inches fquare, the 1000	-	-

——------------exceeding 10 inches fquare, the

1000	-	-	-

—— Plain Tiles, or any other Tiles not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value - • Timber. See Wood.

Tin, unwrought, the cwt. . - .

Tincal, as Borax, unrefined.

Tin Foil, for every £.100 of the value Tobacco, viz.	‘

-—--------Unmanufactured, of the growth or produc-

tion of his Majefty’s colonies, plantations, iflands, or territories in America, the lb.

——if imported by (Grangers, or by any law now in force be fubjeCt to alien's duty, then a further duty for every lb.

----------of the produce of the United States of America. See Schedule (B )

For the conditions, regulations, and reftric tions, under which tobacco may be fecured in warehoufes without payment of the faid duties. See ACts relating thereto. .	,

(SubjeCt alfo to a duty ofexcife.)

»— Pipes, the grofs	-	-■

Tongues, as Provifions.

Tonnage Duty. See Schedule (D.)

Tooih Powder, for every £. 100 of the value Tornfal or Turnfole, the cwt. -(If for dyers' ufe, free.)

Tortoife-fhcll, the lb. -

Toys, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or other-wife charged with duty, for every £*ico of the value -------

Tragacanth, Gum, See Gum.

Train Oil. Sec Oil.

Tiwys of Wood, the (hock of 60	-	-	-

Trees and Plants, free.

> Treenails. See Trcenels, in Wood.

Trenchers of Wood, the grofs of 11 dozen Truffles, the lb. *	-	-	-	-

Tubs of Wood, not bound with iron, the dozen ^

Duty.	Drawback.
£• *• d-	£. t. d.
165	O II I
004.	003
* s ♦	12 6
127	IOO
115 9	IO9
33 0 0	29 8 0
0 17 7:	0 *3 7
33 0 0	29 S 0
0 0 8i	0 0 8
>001	0 0 1
0 t 6	1  Oil
33 0 0	29 8 0
0 10 8	0 10 8
0 * 5	010
33 0 0	29 8 0
0 4. 5	040
Oil	• 0 0 8
0 2 2	0 1 11
O I I	00 9

ibf] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26.	83

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
	£. s. d.	C' u
Turmeric, the lb. - -(If for dyers* ufe, free.)  Turnery, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with duty, for every	004	004
£.100 of the value -Turpentine, via.	33 0 0	29 8 0
—		common, the cwt. -  ■ — — of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus, the lb. - -  —		 of Germany, or any other place, not com-  mon Turpentine and not otherwife enu-	033  007	Ct N COO  0 0
rated or deferibed, the cwt, - - - -  America. See Schedule (B.)  	Oil. See Oil.  Tutiae Lapis. See Lapis.	0 16 6	0 *3 9
Twine, the cwt, -Twift, viz.  ——of Cotton of all kinds, for every £. ico of the	0 14 4	0 11 ir
value - - ' -	44 0 0	40 8 c
—— of Gold or Silver, or both, the lb. qt. 16 02. . — for Band Strings. See Band String Twill. •  Tyger Skins. See Skins.  V. . * '	786	5 14 9
Valonia, the cwt. - - «> -(If for dyers’ ufe, free.)	b 10	0 0 1
Varnilh, the cwt. - - -Valles, yiz.  ——of Stone or.Marble Sculptured. .See Sculptured Marble, in Stones.	0 12 5  i	0118
— of any other fort, for every £. 100 of the value Veal, as Provifions.	33 0 0	29 8 0
Vellum, the Ikin ' -Vctdegris, viz.	0 1 10	0 1 .9
—— - common, the lb. -(If for dyers’ ufe, free.)  ■ ■■ chryftallized, the lb. .  Verjuice. See Vinegar.	0 0 10 017	009  016
Vermicelli, the lb.	004	003
Vermillion, or Cinnabar, the lb. ... Ufers. See Wood.	0 t 6	012
Vinegar or Verjuice, the tun, qt. 252 gallons - ? -	to 15 3	8 15 7
Vinefiocs, the lb. - «... Violet Leaves. See Leaves,  Virginal Wire. See Wire.  Vitriol Oil. See Oil.  VitHoluni Romaniim. Sec Copperas Blue.  o 2	067.	O 5 9

84 -Anno $V|dM^fi[po cjuatfo Gpo^gyi Iff.	*6. f 1^4.

SCHEDULE (A.V-INWARDS.

Umber, ' See Terfaj Umber, in T. Vomica Nux. Sec Nux Vomica, Vulture feathers. {ice Feathers.

W.

Wfinfcoj Boards, {See Boards in Wood, * ■ Tt,ogs, See Wood,

Walking Canes, See Canes,

Walnut pil. " See QiL Walnuts, ‘ See Walhing Balls, See Balls.

Wade Silk. See Silk.” ’ ‘ ‘

Watch Cyrafles, for fyei

Watches, of Gold, Silvery or qi

|Op ttevjW

Wejr Met?1?

for every

£• 100 of the value

—— anjd further for every ounce troy of gold or filvcr thereon

See Spirits,

Water, Arquebufadf,

■	— Citron,

------r Hungry.

— Lavender,

—	—— J^lineral or natural Water, the dozen bottl$f of

flalks, eaclf bottle or flalk not exceeding three pints -	-

Note, tjie bottles or flalks containing fuch Mineral Waters are ta pay duty re (Actively.

■	■ ■■ — Strong Water. See Cordial Water, in Spirits. Wax, vif.

—— Bees, untnanufafiured, the cwt.

—	White or maqufadiyred^ npt otherqfife dtfcrihedj

the cwt. r ‘	’ -

Hard, the lb, -	,	•	•	•

-----Myrtle or Bay, the lb. -	*

—— Sealing Wax, See Hard Wax,

—— Candles. See Candles.

Weafel Skins. See Skins.

Weed Afhes, as AH^es.

Weld, the cwt, -	•	»	-

f If for dyers* ufe, free.)

Whale Kins, or Whale Bone, viz.

V ' —7----------------of foreign idling, the

ton of 1© cwt. "

*■■■,	■ ?—,i,,b	 —... of flffiing of the United

Kingdom, and imported in (hipping thereof, thq ton of	-

£• d.

Duty. I Drawback

£• *• ^

83 *

5?o.

33 A

0 9 9

029

1 1$ 1

*43

O -9

o o

t

O $ Q

13a 9 9 I li 0

4 5

29 8 0

Q 9 9

0*7

I to 10

1 n °

q 0. *

994

0	I 1

IS* f 0

1	u 3

SCHEDULE (A.)—IN WAR Da

Duty.

Whale Fins, or While Bone cqntmupd.	s.	4.

1 ■■	■	1-------ofthc Unitea States, of

America* See Schedule

£B.)

Note, far the importation ot Whale Fins, Briti(h caught ind aired* See the At\ fa which this Schedule is , annfcxdd.

------Oif. See Oil.

Wheat. See Corn,

------flour. See torn.

Whet Stohes. See atones*

Whip Cotd, the lb/ „ -	-	•	-	-	O	O	4

Whilk Brboms. $ed Brooms. ;	,	,

White Boards for Shoemakers. See* Boards, m Wood.

White Lead. See Lead.

Wicker Ware, for etfery £. too of die tMue -	-	20	5	4

Wine, via.

----Frfeftcb, imported in (hipping of the' United Kingdom, filled, the tun, qt. 752 • gallons -	-	-	\7i

—— ■ in foreign nipping, filled, the

tu% qt 252 gallon* -	-	J77

■----1	in	(hipping of the United King.

dom, unfilled, the tun, qt. 252 gallons -	-	*70

- — • in foreign (hipping, unfilled, the

ton? qt. 252 gallons -	-	£7*

:: Sr„£,7;

—-Madeira, hnpohed in (hipping..of the United Kingdpqf/ filled, fhe Hut, qt.

252 gallons -	.	-	40	3

—k— in foreign,-(nipping, filled/1

the.tun, qt- 252 gallons - 50 16 5 r——1—in (hipping of the Ufiiicd Kingdom, unfilled, the tun, qt. 2$a ga^enfs -

- in foreign (hipping, unfilled, the tun, qt. 252 gallons * — Portugal, SpanSh, and Canary Wines, and all Wides of the dominions of.Spato, and the Wines of Sicily and Ndpjes, -^—imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, filled, the’ tun, qt. 252 gallons - -r in foreign (hipping, filled, fhd tun, qtr 252 gallons -

3

8

xi

XX

7

6

Drawback.

£• *•

0 0 3

1

»6 13 4

70 16 21 73 5 11

65 >9 7 ,68 4 6

546 o 5

46

47

48	o

49	f3

47 *3 S

42 17 9

44 6 1

4, 18 4 47 ,T * ,

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

-4-

Winc, Portugal Wine, &c. continued.

——:— in (hipping of the United Kingdom, unfilled, the tun, qt. 252 gallons

——— in foreign (hipping, unfilled, the tun, qt. 252 gallons -

—	Rhenilh, Germany, and Hungary Wines, im-

ported in (hipping of the United Kingdom, filled, the tun, qt. 252 gallons-

-------  in	foreign	(hipping,	filled,	the

tun, qt. 252 gallons -	-

r— in (hipping of the United Kingdom, unfilled, the tun, qt. 252 gallons

~ ■■ ” in	(hipping, unfilled, the

tun, qt. 252 gallons -

■	— not otherwife enumerated or deferibed, imported

in (hipping of the United Kingdom, filled, the tun, qt. 252 gallons -	.	.	-

——	imported in foreign (hipping, filled, the

tun, qt. 252 gallons ' -—in (hipping of the United Kingdom, unfilled, the tun, qt. 252 gallons -——-* in foreign (hipping, unfilled, the tun, qt. 252 gallons -	7	■

Wire, viz.

——Brafs, or Copper, the c\yf.

-7---Gilt or Plated, for every £. 100 of the value

-7— and for every oz. troy of Gold or Silver thereon	r

—	Iron, the cwt. -	-	-

■	■— Latten, the cwt.

■	— Silver or Gold, for every £. 100 of the yalue -

— ■ ■ pnd further for every oz. troy Of fuch Silver or Gold -	-

-----Steel, the lb.	-	-

■	--Virginal, Brafs, or Copper, the lb.

--------- Iron, the lb. -

-—* of any other fort, not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with duty, for every £. 100 of the value -	«

Wifp Steel. See Steel.

Woad, Green Woad, the cwt. ' - ■ * •

(If for dyers’ ufe, free.)

-------- Thouloufe Woad, the cwt. -	7	-

(If for dyers’ ufe, free.)

Wolf Skins^ 7 g Skins.

Wolverings, J bCC bKlns?

III. c.z6	. [1804.
DUty.	Drawback.
£. s. d.	£• *• d.
+4 17 7	4* *5 7
46 6 6	44 4 6
37 »P 8	32 16 2
39 5 4	34 10 10
34 J7 6	TP 3 9
36 8 9	31 *4 3
35 4 6	33 2 6
37 2 7	35 0 7
32 10 1	32 8 1
34 4 *0	32 2 1
2 in	1 11 6
33 0 0	it) S P
0 0 9	OOP
4 8 7	3 >9 6
I 19 H	1 11 3
20 5 4	16 13 4
0 0 9	0 0 9
0 1 *	0 1 0
015	0 1 4
0 1 6	0 1 5
33 0 0	29 8 0
0 a 7	0 1 9
0 4 5	0 3 5

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS*	Duty.	Drawback.
Wood, viz.  — Anchor Stocks imported in (hipping of the United	£- i. d.	£' d.'
Kingdom, each ■ ■ in foreign (hipping, each -	017 0 1 8	0 0 II O I ••
tations, each ...  ■— A(hes. See A fees.  — Balk, being 5 inches fquare, and under 8 inches fquare, or if 24 feet in length, or up* wards, the 120,  —— imported in (hipping of the United	007	
Kingdom -— in foreign (hipping, the 120 — under 5 inches fquare, and under 24. feet in length, the 120,  •— imported in (hipping of the United	2 11 11 2 16 7	I 0 11 1 5 7
Kingdom - - -—— in foreign (hipping, the 120 —— of all iorts, under 8 inches fquare, of the growth and production of the Briiilh colonies and plantations in America, for	0 19 0 * * 4	0 10 3 0 12 7
every 120 - - - -  	being 8 inches fquare and upwards, are to be  conlidered ts Timber, and paydutyasfuch.  —	Barrel Boards* See Boards, in Wood*  —	Barrel Staves. See Staves, in Wood.  —	Battens, being 8 feet in length and under 12 feet,  and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor 2i inches in thickncfs, the 120,  —— imported in (hipping of the United	0 11 0	
Kingdom -  —— 3 inches in thickncfs, the 120,  —-imported in (hipping of the United	0 8 10 0 11 2	0 '6 10 088
Kingdom ...	096	0 *1 4
■ 1 - in foreign (hipping, the 120 — being 3$ inches in thicknefs, the 120,  — — imported in (hipping of the United	0 11 10	* 1 T  Q 9 7
Kingdom -—— in foreign (hipping the 120 ——4 inches in thickncfs, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom ....  ■ - '» ■■■■ in foreign (hipping, the 120 — ■— 4* inches in thickncfs, the 120,  —imported in (hipping of the United	0 10 1 0 12 7	9 '7 0 0 10 2
	0 10 10 0 13 2	0 8 6 0 jo 8
Kingdom ...	0116	0 .9 1
> in foreign (hipping, the xao	0 13 11	0 11 5

SCHEDULE ( A.)—INWARDS.	Duty*	Drawback.
Wood, Battens, continued.  being ii feet in length and under 14 feet in length, not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor io thicknefs 2? inches, the 120,  ■ — imported in Chipping of the United	£• d.	£.r. i.
„ Kingdom ....	0 10 2	! 0 7 11
■■ in foreign Chipping, the 120 - ■ • "-being 3 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of (he United	0 iz t	• 0 10 2
Kingdom *	0 it 4	087
—		in foreign (hipping, the i20  ■ 3I inches in thicknels, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of the United	6 »3 3	, 0 10 8
Kingdom -	0 12 1	0 9 3
——— in foreign (hipping, the 12O —■ — 4 inches in thieknefs, the 12©,  -	imported in (hipping of the United	0 14	0 11 9  '■
Kingdom -	0 12	0 9 ir
—*-— in foreign (hippiivg, the 120 — imported in (hipping of the United	Q 14 It	0 12 6
. Kingdom -  ■ ^ — in foreign (hipping, the 120 ——being I4feet and Under 16 feet in length, and nor exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor exceeding in tnicknefc 2£ inches, the 120,  —— imported in (hipping of the United	; 0 »3 7 0 *5 8	0 ic 8  ; 0 1] 4
Kingdom -  «—		in foreign (hipping, the 120  — »3 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  —— imported in (hipping of the United	0 xi 6 , 0 14 8	O 9 0  0 XX 7  1
Kingdom -	0 it 8	0 9? 0 12 0  - A
“	in foreign (hipping, the 120  * » 3^ inches in thicknefs, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of the United	015 7	
Kingdom	0 13 5	0 Ip 6  0.3 ^
—*— in foreign (hipping, the 120 —4inches in thicknefs,tire 120,  —.— imported in (hipping of the United	0 10 6	
Kingdom -	0 14 4	0 »J 3  0 1+ s
—— in foreign (hipping, the 120 ■< * 4^ inches in thicknefs, the 120,	0 17 7	
— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -— ■ in foreign (hipping, the 120 —being 16 feet and under 18 feet in length, not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor	0 15 3  0 19 I	0 i? 0  0 15 i

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

hW, Battens, continued,

exceeding In thicknefs a, inches, tbej 120,

-----imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom -	*

—*—*— in foreign (hipping, the 120J

-	2	inches	in	thicknefs,	the	iaa,

-----imported in dipping at the United

Kingdom	-	-	-	*

—*■ *— in foreign (hipping, the I2e|

-	— ■ ■ 3* inches in thicknefs, the iae,

—	imported in (hipping of the United]

Kingdom -

—1-in foreign (hipping, the ltd]

—-4 inches in thicknefs, the 1 So,

—	imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom	-	-	-	-

in foreign (hipping, the 120}

4t inches in thicknefs, the 120,

------imported in (hipping of the Unhodf

Kingdom

--------in foreign (hipping, the fact

— being 18 feet in length and not e*cecd-f ing 20 feet in length, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor in thicknekf inches, the 120,

•---imported in (hippingoftheUnitodj

Kingdom -	-	-	!

in foreign (hipping, the >20

-T*4"— 3 inches in thicknefs, the >20,

—	imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom

+ —— in foreign (hipping, thej 120

inches in thisknefs, the ia<*

—	imported m (hipping of the United

Kingdom

*------in foreign (hipping* tht\

>20

*w*~ 4 inches in thicknefs, the >20^

—	imported in (hipp&ng Of the United}

Kingdom «*—— in foreign Slipping* she 12O

4* inches in thieknef*, the HO •— itpported in (hipping of the United Kingdom . -	*

Duty.	Drawbick.
£' *■	£• *• d.
0 it 6	O 10 |
0 iS 5	0 it 10
° 'I 2	0 10 11
0 16 6	O 14 0
O 1+ 4	Oil 9
0 17 ij	0 15 ,
0 *5 J	' 0 it 7
° *9 5	0 16 2
0 16 1	0 13 4
* 0 *•	• 17 2
0 1+2	0 11 3
0 16 4	0 14 4
0 15 0	0 12 1
° >7 7	0 iS 5
0 16 0	0 *3 ^
0 18 8	0 16 7
0 16 10	0 14 s
100	0 17 10
0 18 0	0 14 ix

SCHEDULE (A.J—INWARDS,

Wood, Battens, continued.

*	------------  imported	in	foreign	(hipping, the

j 20

exceeding 20 feet in length, and not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor in thicknefs 2* inches, 4he 120,

■ — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom ...

■ ■ ■■ ■ > in foreign (hipping, the 120

■ ■	3 inches in thicknefs, the 120,

.....imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom -	-	•

—— —- in foreign (hipping, the " 120	-	1

*	— 2i inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—	imported in (hipping of the United!

Kingdom ...

—— in foreign (hipping, the 120

*	—- 4. inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—	imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom ——in foreign (hipping, the 120

—— 4$ inches in thicknefs, the 120,

imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -— ■ ■ in foreign (hipping, the 120

——of the growth and production of the Britifli colonies and plantations in America, the 120 -—— exceeding 7 inches in breadth to be deemed as Deals, and to pay duty as fuch, according to their rcfpe&ive dimensions.

— Batten Ends, being under 5 feet in length, anc not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor in thicknefs 2\ inches, the 120, —— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom •

—— in foreign (hipping, the 120

' — — -	■	3	inches	in	thicknefs,	the 120,

— imported in (hipping of the #	, United Kingdom

Duty.	Drawback; ;
JL• *• i	£• *•
tzi	0 19 4'  *1
0 17 0	0 *4 1
1 1 s	0 *7 11"
0 18 3	0 15 1
129	0 *9 5
0 19 4	0 16 3
140	r 0 9  |
1 * 5	0 18 1 !
1 5 10	1 2 4
1 2 2	0188
180	1 4 4
056	<6  0  O
0 1 10	1 0 1 g
02 4	0 2 a
0 2 0	1 0 1 10

J

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
	£. s. d.	£•
Rood, Batten Ends, continued.  ■ - imported in foreign (hipping! the 120	027	0 a. s
——imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom	022	0 1 it
——in foreign (hipping, the 120 - - -	029	026
■ — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom - - -	0 2 5	022
—— in foreign (hipping, the 120	O 2 II	028
■ imported in (hipping of the * united Kingdom	0 2 7	0*3
—*— in foreign (hipping, the 120	0 3 I	0 2 10
not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, nor in thicknefs 2i inches, the 120,' — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom	0 2 6	023
- in foreign (hipping, die 120	0 3 1	0 2 19
— imported in (hipping of thef United Kingdom	029	025
—— in foreign (hipping, the 120 - - -	0 3 5	031
-— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom	0 3 1	027
—— — in foreign (hipping, * the 120  imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom - . -	038 0 3 5	0 3 ”1  0 lift
—— in foreign (hipping, the 120	04°	036
■ , » ■— 44 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom	0  00	030
the 120	045	04®
dudion of the Britith colonies and plantations in America, the 120	056	006

SCHEDULE (A-)—INWAkttfc.

Wood, fatten fends, continued.

— >■■—■ exceeding 7 inches in breadth to be ddcmea &s Dell Ends, and to pay duty according to their refpc&ive diujenfidris.

— Beech Boards. See boards, ih Wood,

------Plank, being 2 inches in thicXnefs.or up-

wafds, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet, —*— imported in (Hipping of the United Kingdom ^	-

-------«■ iri foreign feippiBg

■	■	of	thk	growth	of	prriduttion^ of the

BritHfi criloriies or plantations in America, tbe 220	-

— Quarters, being $ inches (quare arid under 8 inches Iqiihfe^ the 120,

imported in (hipping of the Uriite'd Kingdom -

-------in foreign (hipping

■■	—	being	under jj inches (quare, the jack

-----imported in (hip^iflg or the

Unked Kirigdoih	-

-----— fh fdrfcign (nipping, tnc

126

—a— of ail fefts, brider jj inches iquarc, of the growth and production of the Britilh' colrihies and plantations ih America, the tao -- Boards, Efarrel, the 120,

—— irhported dripping of the United Kingdom -

------- in foreign (hipping -	-

——•-*- Beech', tinder 2 iriches in thicknefs, arid under 15 feet in length, the 120, —*~v irftported hi (hipping, of the United I kingdom	-

—a-— iri foreign (hipping, the 120 r under 2 inches in thickhefs, and bfefrig 1$ feet in length and upwards, the lad, ,	.

—-— imported iri (nipipirig of tne United Kingdom -	-

— imported in fdfeign (hipping, (fie 126 _ -v -—Cl3p Boards, or Clap Holt, riot exceeding.

5 feet 3 inches in length, and under 8 inches (quare, the 120,

fruty.

X>awl

£% i# d.

o 9

S

c

5 4 o S

0 3	5	0

* 7

«■ 15

o *5

o 17

on

° IS

O 10

o 13 0 18

0	17

1	o

o 18

.1 3

o 9 O 12

O 1

5l ® »4

Oij |

8

2

1

iaj

o 9 1

— * \

O II li

0 II I

o 13 a

tow rffpi q\i»dr?gp(Ja)p Qmw HI. c. *$,	99

SpfjN^DULE (A.)—INWARDS,

T

boards, Clap Boardf continued*

— i ■- imported in (bippipg pf the United K'Pgdom * -——* ip foreign (bippipg, the 120

■	i1 ■—* of the growth and production

pf the fyitifb colonic* and plantations in America, the

|2Q	*	*	-

t- Lion Board*, or White Boards, fpr Shoemakers, 4 feet in length, and Under 6 inphqs in thjcknefa, the lift,

«r-r- imported in (hipping of tbp United Kingdom -7—,— in. foreign (hipping, the I &

" ■ — x- 4 ffet in length, and ip thicg-nefs 6 inches, the J20, x-r- imported in (hipping pf the United Kingdom -. -in foreign (hipping, the i?o *	-

-r— Oak, under 2 inches in thicknefa, and under ij feet in length, the m<la r- imported in pipping of the United Kingdom -	-

—1—r in foreign uwpptng* the m» -	-	-

—— under	2 inchea in thickest* and as

feet in length ox upward** tbn 1 w, “1—s imported ip (hipping W the United Kingdom *	■»

-----rr in foreign (hippmgf the-

120 - -	■

■■ Paling hewed on the one fide, PQt- exceeding 7 feet in length, the 12Q» -5—*- op ported « (hiPP'^S *"e United Kingdom - -■. ..Ti'v in foreign flipping, the 120

■	---exceeding 7 foot in length, the, 120,

-rrr-i ipipnued in (hipping of the United Kingdom, ~ . “ —r—r in foreign (hipping* the igo -. ■

Pvtjr,

4.

o 17 b 17

o 8

1 18 * 4

3	*7

4	8

t 5 8

1 10 8 1 13 9

1 *9

2 11

3 4

S «

$ 3

Drawback.

(' 4

0 9 3 O 9 11

009

1 3 6 1 9 •

270 3 18 •

0	18 4

* 3 4

1	3 * 1% I

0 * S.

s no

020 o 2 f

f

94 Annoregni quadragefimo quarto Georoii III. c. 26. [ 1'

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS,	4 Duty.	Drawl
Wood, Boards, continued*  ■ Pipe, above 5 feet 3 inches in length, and not exceeding 8 feet in length, and under 8 inches (Square, the 120, —— imported in (hipping of the	£»• *• 4.	£.  \  ]
United Kingdom *	in foreign Ihipping,	0 16 IC	°1
the 120  ■ " — exceeding 8 feet in length, and under 8 inches fquare, the 120, ——imported in (hipping of-the	0 17 8	0 i
United Kingdom — — in foreign (hipping.	0 18 2	0 ;
the 120  — of all forts, exceeding 5 feet 3 ' inches in length, and under 8 inches fquare, of the growth and production of the Britifh colonies and plantations in Ame-	0 19 3	0 8  I
rica, the 120 «■— Wainfcot, the foot, containing 12 feet in length, and one inch in thick-new, and fo in proportion for * any greater or lefs length or thicknefs,  	imported in (hipping of the	067	0 0
United Kingdom	007	0 0
■ ■ - in foreign (hipping  merated or deferibed, or other-wife charged with duty, being of the growth and production of the Briti(h colonies and plan-	008	0 0 '
tations in America, the no - White. See Linn Boards.  —* Boom Sparse See Spars.  —— Bowsprits. See Mails, in Wood. *  —— Boxwood, the ton, qt. 20 cwt.  	imported in Ihipping of the	034	0 0 ;|
United Kingdom ■ ■ — in foreign Ihipping the	288	1 9 !  .a 41
ton, qt. 20 cwt. fettlements, in America or Africa, the	2 u 5	I 12 *
ton, qt. 26 cwf. - - ' Brazil or Fernambucco Wood, the ton, qt. 20	1 1 *	0 x 9  rf A
cwt. *  (If for dyers’ ufc, free.)		0 j 9

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Wood continued.	£- » d.	£• *• d.
—Bnziletto or Jamaica, the ton, qti ao cwt. (If for dyer*’ life, free.)	0 II 3	0 10 3  •
*—Cam, the ton, qt. ao cwt. -(If for dyers* ufe, free.)  — Cant Spars. see Spars, in Wood.  •— Clap Holt. See Clap Boards.  —Deals, being 8 feet in length, and under 12 feet in length, and not exceeding 2i inches in thicknefs, the 120,  	imported in (hipping of the United	I S 8	024
Kingdom -■ ■ — in foreign (hipping, the 120 —— 3 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  ■ ■— imported in (hipping of the United	O O sO +■  U> O*	0 *3 3  0 17 1
Kingdom - -	0 *5 9	0 14 4
— 34 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom ....	106	0 15 10
	0 17 1	0 *5 7
■ — in foreign (hipping, the 120 — 4 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of the United	1 1 10	0 17 10
Kingdom - . -  	— in foreign (hipping, the 120  4$ inches in thicknefs, the 120,  	imported in (hipping of the United  Kingdom «...  —	in foreign (hipping, the 120  —^ being 12 feet in length, and under 14 feet in length, and not exceeding in thicknefs, 24 inches, the 120,  imported in (hipping of the United	0	18 4.  1	3 3	0	16 8  1	I 2
	0 *9 7 * 5 8	0	17 8  1	2 8
Kingdom -	0 16 10	0 15 5
—	in foreign (hipping, the 120  — 3 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  —— imported in (hipping of the United	1 1 2	° 19 9
Kingdom - - -	0 18 1	0 16 10
	in foreign (hipping, the 120  — 3J inches in thicknefs, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -	1211	106
	° 19 3	018 t
	in foreign (hipping, the 120,  — 4 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  	imported in (hipping of the United  Kingdom -—— in foreign (hipping, the 120 •— inches in thicknefs, the tao,	1 4 7	1 3 *■
	1 A 5  163	0	19 3  1	5 9

Duty.	Dr* w\ *
£• * d*	I. a.
1 z S 1 8 .1	1 0 *
p 19 7  I J 6	0 17 x 2
1 t r * 7 4	0 *  1 4
t 2 11. 1 8 7	1 0 1 6
* 4 9 1 to 3	x 2 I 6 |
1 6 5  1 H *	«3 i  I 10 -
1*7 1 8 1	0 19  x 3 (
1 JIO I 10 10	i  X i 9 * 7 9|
1 8 1 IJJ 2	1 3 4  1 9 10
1 10 3 ( lh .4	150 1 12 1 i
I 12 5 I 19 ll	1 6 7 * »4 3 |

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Wood, Pealf,&c. pqntinued.

—■■	■ imported in (hipping	of	the	United

kingdom	*

—• >. in foreign {hipping* the IRQ . ——* being 14 feet in length, and finder 16 feet in length* and not exceeding la thieknsh 2t inches, the 120,

....imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom	-

---*— in foreign (hipping* the 120

—'— 3 inche» in thwkneft* the lap,

—»-*- imported in (hipping of the Unite* Kingdom	-	-,

------— in foreign (hipping* the I2Q

—r— 3| inches in thicknefs, the 120.

"■»" imported in (hipping of the .United Kingdom	*	-	-	1

—	« in foreign (hipping* the 120 • ■ ■ 4 inches in thieknos, the tap,

imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom	-

— ■■	t— in foreign (hipping, the 120 44 inchef in thickne^, the 120,

imported in (hipping pf the United Kingdom	-	-

■	»	—	in	foreign	(hipping* the 120

•—▼being 16 feet in length, and finder 18 teet in length* and opt exceeding in thicknefe 24 inches, the 130,

—	- imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom	-

---r— uj foreign (hipping, the 120

—	3 inchef in thicknefjs the 120,

—	imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom -

------— in foreign (hipping* the lao

—— 34 inche* in thicknefs, the 120,

—> imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom	....

i-,- in foreign (hipping, the 130 —4 inches in ibicknrfo, the 120,

->—■■■»imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom	-

... in foreign (hipping* the i?Q

—	44 inches in thicknefs, the 12O,

—	imported in (hipping pf the United

Kingdom	•	•	-

• -	—	in	foreign	(hipping, the j30

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Wood, Deals, &c. continued*

— feeing 18 feet in length, and not exceeding *	20	feet in length, and not exceeding in

thicknefs 2* inches, the 120,

—	imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom	-

-------in foreign (hipping, the 120

—— 3 inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—	imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom	-

■	— ■ in foreign (hipping, the 120 — 3i inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom	-	,	-	-	-

■	in foreign (hipping, the 120 4 inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—■ imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom	«...

■	'	in	foreign	(hipping, tKe 12Q

—-	inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—	imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom	-

-----— in foreign (hipping, the 120

exceeding 20 feet in length, and not exceeding 25 feet in lei^tb, and not exceeding iii thicknefs 2i inches, the 120,

—	imported in (hipping of die Unitec

Kingdom,	....

-------- in	foreign	(hipping, the 120

3	inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—	imported in (hipping of the Unitec

Kingdom	-

——— in foreign (hipping, the 120 ■— 2i inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—	imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom ....

■■ «■■■ ■ in foreign (hipping, the 12O —4 inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—	imported in Dripping of the Uhitec

Kingdom -- - in foreign (hipping, the 120 — 4x inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—— imported in (hipping of die Unitec Kingdom -.	-

—— in foreign (hipping, the 120

• feet in length, and not exceeding . thicknefs 2i inches, the 120,

VouXLV.	'H

Duty.

Drawback,

in

£• *• d.	
1 4 i  X 98	1 2 t 1 8 a
i 6 11 1 11 11	1 3 11 1 10 6
192 1 i+ 8	1 s 11  I 12 2
1 11 4  I j6 10	187  I 15 2
1	13 7  2	! 1	I 0. 7 i 18 s
198  1 xy5	1 7 7 * *5 S
1 11 11 a 0 8	1 9 9 1 18 3
1	14 1  2	3 5	1	12 1  2	1 1
1 16 4 a 5 1	1 14 6 240
1 18 C 2811  1	/  • 1 16 9 t 2 7 10

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback
Wood, Deals, &c« continued.	£ *• d	: £. s. d.
Kingdom -	1 16 ,	4 j 13 *
	— in foreign (hipping, the 120	2 !	8226
— 3 inches in thickncfs, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of the Unitec Kingdom ...	x 19 :	1 1 15 ro
—■ - in foreign (hipping, the 120	2 10 :	1261
— 3! inches in thicknefs, the 120,  ‘	imported in (hipping of the United  Kingdom -	2 II(	) x 18 It
——in foreign (hipping, the 120	2 13 11	[297
** 4 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom • -	* 4 7	227
■ -—■ in foreign (hipping, the 120	117 a	2 13 1
—-— 45 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  — imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -	2 7 10	2 4 3
—	in foreign (hipping, the 120	3	2 17 9
— being 30 feet and upwards in length, and not exceeding in thicknefs 2* inches the 120, *  —imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom *	2 2 11	1 18 it
■■■■■■ in foreign (hipping* the 120	2 15 0	2 9 10
3 inches in thicknefs, the 120*  ■ ■ ■ imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -	262	2 1 10
b — ■ in foreign (hipping, the 120 -	306	a 13 11
—— 34 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  —— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom - - -	296	* i1
		in foreign (hipping, the 120  — 4 inches in thicknefs, the 120,  —— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -• -	3 4 “	2101*
	2 13 4	2 to 0
1 	in foreign (hipping, the 120	3 9 4	324
- 44 inches in thicknefs, the iso,  —— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom	2 17 2	2 11 9
— ■ in foreign (hipping, the 120	3 17 0	379
Deal Ends, being under 5 feet in length, and not exceeding in thicknefs 24, the no,  —— imported in Hupping of -the United Kingdom	038	n t 8
		in foreign (hipping, the 120	0 4 5> 1	0 3°

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

Wood, Deal Ends, &c. continued*

— 3 inches in thicknefs, the 120*

—	imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -

•— in foreign (hipping, the 120

—	34 inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—	imported in (hipping of the United

«	Kingdom	...

— in foreign (hipping, the 120

—	4 inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—	imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom

.	.«■ — in foreign (hipping, the 120

—	44 inches in thicknefs, the 120,

— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom ...

■	■	■■	in foreign (hipping, the 120

— being 5 feet and under 8 feet in length,

and not exceeding in thicknefs 2*

. inches, the 120,

—	imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom	...

—— in foreign (hipping, the 120

—	3 inches in thicknels, the 120,

—	imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom	-

# -—- in foreign (hipping, the 120 —- 3! inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—- imported fn (hipping of the United Kingdom	...

■	—	in foreign (hipping, the 120

—	4 inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—	imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom	...

----— in foreign (hipping, the 120

—	44 inches in thicknefs, the 120,

—	imported in (hipping of the United

Kingdom —— in foreign (hipping, the 120 —. Deals and Deal Ends of all forts, of the growth or production of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, the 120 -— Ebony of the growth or production of .the Britifh colonies, plantations, or fettlements, in Africa or America, the ton, qt. 2Q cwt.

■—— of any other* country or place, the ton, qt. 20 cwt; -

H 2

> Duty.	Drawback*
£• *•	(C* d.
040	° 3 7
054	048
0 4 5  060	0 3 11 052
	042
065	056
056	046
072	062

t

* 4

6. 9

5 8 7 4

5 i

S 9

8 10

056

o 14 8 16 o

045

059

o 4 10 062

I 8

057

071

o 5 11 079

006

839

SCHEDULE (A)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
Wood continued.  — Fire Wood, the fathom, being 6 feet wide and 6 feet high,  — imported in Chipping of the	£• *• A	£- s. A
United Kingdom -■ i . in foreign (hipping, the	0 a 3	0 1 s
fathom  ——— of the Britifli colonies or plantations	029	022
in America, the fathom -— Fir Quarters, under 5 inches fquare, and under 24 feet in length, the 120, n- imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom 	in foreign (hipping, the	0 0 7 0 12 1	0 0 g 097
120 -  fquare, if 24 feet or upwards, in length, the 12b,  —«- imported in (hipping of the	0 IS 5	012 1
United Kingdom ■ % in foreign (hipping, the 120 -  of the growth and production of the Britim colonies or plantations	1 4 2  1 10 10	0 18 4  >35  r
in America, the j2o -	Fir Timber, See Timber, in Wood.	0 11 0	0 I 0
—— Fuftick, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. -(If for dyers* ufe, free.)  	Guinea Wood. See Red Wood.  —— Handrpikes, under 7 feet in length, the tto,  —*- imported ifi (hipping of the	0 16 6	016
United Kingdom -—;— in foreign (hipping, the	0 38	024
120 -  ■ 1 »' " ■ of the growth or production of the Britim colonies or plantations in	0 3 9	0 2 5
America, the 120 the i20,  —— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom *■	016	0 0 2
	0 S 10	046
1 in foreign (hipping, the 120 Britim colonies or plantations in	© 6 7	053
' America, the 120	0 2 9	0 0 3

Wood continued.

—- Knees of Oak, under 5 inches fquare, the ICO,

. ,	 imported	in (hipping of the

United Kingdom •

■ ■	in foreign (hipping, the

tae

' ««	■■	being 5 inches, and under 8 inches

(quare, the no,

■ imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -—— in foreign flapping, the 120 ■ ■»"■■■■ of all forts under 8 inches fquare, of the growth or production of the Britilh colonies or plantations in America, the 120	-	-

** —	■"	above 8 inches fquare, the load, qt

50 cubic feet,

' ■ imported ht (hipping of the United Kingdom

-------in foreign (hipping, the

load, qt. 50 cubic feet ■«*■*■*	1 of the growth or production of the

Britilh Colonies or plantations in America, being 8 inches fquare or upwards, the toad, qt. 50 cubic fleet —LathwOod, in pieces under 5 feet in length, the fathom, being 6 feet wide, and 6 feet high,

-----imported in (hipping of the

Kingdom

......in foreign (hipping,

the fathom

— »■■■■■■■ in pieces, being 5 feet in length and upwards, the fathom, feeing 6 feet wide and 6 feet high,

—- imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom -. -*■ — in foreign (hipping the fathom ■ -«— ■' ■ in pieces of all forts, of the growth and prod u(Sion of the Btitifli colonies and plantations in America, the fathom, being 6 feet wide and 6 feet high —— Lignum Yitte, the tun, qt. 20 twt. * «

• (If for dyers’ ufe, free.)

----Lin Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

— Logwood, the ton, qt. ao ewt. *

(If for dyers’ ufe, free.)

Duty.

o 3 1 O 4 II

o 17 <

O 18 J

0 5 1

0 5 i o 6 ;

O 3

O II )i

0 12 1

O 17 o 19.

© 3 *

0 7

o 6

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS,	Duty.	Drawback.
Wood continued. '  *	Logs, Wainfcot. See Wainfcot, in Wood.  —— Mahogany, the growth or production of any part of America or the Weft Indies, the	£. s. d.	£• *• d.
ton, qt. 20 cwt. f -	O 14 4	0 * 4
or place, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. - - '  Schedule (B).'  —— Mafts, Yards, and Bowfprits, bang 6 inches in diameter and under 8 inches in diameter, the piece,  ■ imported in (hipping of the	2 II 4	1 18 4
United Kingdom - - -	0 2 7	0 1 11
piece	0 2 8	0 2 0
in America, the piece  in diameter, the piece,  imported in flapping of the	a 2 2	0. i 6
United Kingdom •* --——- in foreign (hipping,	054	036
the piece	058	04s
in America, the piece  .diameter, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet,.  r—r imported in (hipping of the	0 4 5	0 3 I
United Kingdom - - • -—-—in foreign (hipping, the	0 17 3	098
load, qt. 50 cubic feet in America, the load, qt. 50 cubic	0 18 4	0 10 9
feet - • -N.B. Mafts, Yards, and Bowfprits, under 6 inches in diameter, to pay duty as Spars of the like denomination.	0 15 s	0 7 10
— Nicaragua Wood, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. ? -(If for dyers’ ufe, free.) . . —— Oak Boards. See Boards, in Wood.  ■	Knees. See Knees of Oak, in Wood.' _  —— Plank, being 2 inches and upwards in thick-nefs, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet.	2 12 5	1 16 s
Kingdom «...	0 12 6	O  (A  O

SCHEDULE ( )— INWARDS.

Wood, Oak Plank, &c.continued.

- —-	imported in foreign (hipping, the

load, qt. 50 cubic feet

—	— of all forts, of the growth or pro-

duction of the British colonies or plantations in America, the 120 -

—	Timber. See Timber, in Wood.

—	Oars, the 120,

-----imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom

-- ■ ■ in foreign (hipping, the 120 — of the growth or production of the Britilh colonies or plantations in America, the 120

—— Olive Wood, of the Britilh colonies, plantations, or fettlements in Africa or America, the ton, qt 20 cwt. , --	■	■■	of	the growth of any other place, the

ton, qt. 20 cwt. -

----Paling Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

----Pipe Boards. See Boards, in Wood.

----Plank, Beech. See Beech, in Wood.

-----Oak. See Oak, in Wood..

----Red or Guinea Wood, the ton, qt. 20 cwt.

(Iffor dyers’ ufe, free.)

—	Round Wood in pieces under 8 inches fquare, and

under 6 feet in length, the 120,

- —- imported in lhipping of the United Kingdom

—-----in foreign (hipping, the

120

—' ■ in pieces -under 8 inches fquare, and being 6 feet in length or upwards, the 120,

—— imported - in (hipping of the United Kingdom

—------in foreign (hipping, the

120	-	-

—	in pieces of all forts, under eight inches

fquare, of the growth and pro-’ du&ion of the Britilh colonies or plantations in America, the 120 -Sapan Wood of the Britilh colonies or plantations, for every £100 of thp Value ■—I''	of the produce of any other country,

for every/100 of the value *“*- Spars, under 22 feet in length, and under 4 inches in diameter, exdufive of the bark, the 120, ~— imported in (hipping pf the United Kingdom

Doty.	Drawback.
£• *• d.	£ •-d.
0 14 1	07 $
056	006
*  231	1 ? 4
2 10 i	i 16 4
0 13 i	012
083	0 a 9
160	028
160	028
0 11 0	05 6
0 12 1	667
12 0	0 11 0
* 4 *	0 13 2
0 2 2	002
3 *9 a	—
ao 5 4	16 13 4
4  081	0 3 10

Wood, Spars, &c. continued.

-----imported in foreign (hipping, the 120 -

■	■	being.	22	feet in length and upwards, and

under 4 inches in diameter, exclufive of the bark, the 120,

— imported in Slipping of the United Kingdom ■- ■ — in foreign (hipping, the 120 ——■ 4 inches and under 6 inches in diameter, exclufive of the bark, the 120,

■	■ imported in (hipping of the

1	United	Kingdom	-

*— in foreign Slipping, the 120 - -—**- of aH forts, under fix inches in diameter, exclufive of the bark, of the growth or production of the Britirti colonies or plantations in America, the 120 N. B. All Spars 6 inches and upward* in diameter, are to pay duty, as Marts according to their refpe&ive dimen-'fioAs.

—— 5ptekled Wood of the Britifh colonies, plantations, or fetttements in Africa, or America, the ton, ql. 2	6cwt. -

■■ ■ >■ of the growth of any other country Or place, the ton, qt. 20 cwt.

— Spokes for Wheels, dot exceeding 2 feet in length, the 1000, mtm.m—imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom

■ ■ in foreign (hipping, the 1000

■	1.	—	—	1	■	exceeding 2 feet in length, the

1000,

......	imported in (hipping

of the United King dom

-- ■■■ ■ in foreign (hipping, the 1000

—■ 1 ■ » »»*■ ■ of all forts, of the growth or production of the BritiOi colonies or plantations in America, the 1000 r— Staves of all forts, not exceeding 50 inches in length, the 120	«...

Duty.	Drawback.,
£,• *•	f. s. d.
0 8 11	0  *  00
0 16 6	0 7 ir
0 17 7	090
1 15 2	O 17 4
1 17 5	0 jq 7
067	0  0  '-a
0 11 0	010
2 15 0	234
0 13 11	0 511
0 16 2	080
1 9 ♦	014 4
1 12 8	0 16 8
*■  O	005
6  0  VJ	0 0 1

Wood, Stines, continued.

—— of all forts, exceeding 50 iriches in length, the 120	-	-	-	-	-

— of the United States of America, See Schedule (B.)

—Sweet Wood, of the growth or production of the Britifh colonies, plantations, or fcttlements, in Africa or America, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. - -(If for dyers’ ufc, free.)

■ -	of	any	other	country	or	place, the ton,

qt. 20 cwt. .... (If for dyers’ ufe, free.)

—— Timber, vie.

------Fir Timber, being 8 inches fquare, and

not exceeding 10 inches fquare, the load, qt.50 cubic feet,

imported in fhipping of the United Kingdom .	•

■	....in foreign (hi p-

fhipping, the load, qt. 50 Cubic fttt

«	■' —— exceeding 10 inches fquare, the

load, qt. 50 cubic feet,

.... imported in dripping of

the United Kingdom

■	.... in foreign (hip-

ping, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet -

■	■	—»being 8 inches fquare or upwards,

of the growth or production of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, the load, qt. 50 cubit feet *•—* Oak Timber, 8 inches fquare or upwards, the load, qt. 50 cubit feet,

■' imported in fhipping of the United Kingdom

........in foreign fhip-

1	*	ping,	the	load

qt. co cubic

I *	feet	-	-

IQf	d.

o I

Duty.

Drawback.

OOl

O II O

360

O49

2 16 O

O45

0 5 3

04.9

056

018

076

084

099

0 3 7

o 2 to

o 3 g

0 0 9

O3O

o 3 10

Wood, Spar*, &c. continued.

-----imported in foreign (hipping, the lao -

■ ■ ■ being, aa feet in length and upwards, and under 4 inches in diameter, exdulive of the bark, the 120,

—— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom

—	1 • • in foreign (hipping, the 120 —— 4 inches and under 6 inches itl diameter,

exdulive of the batk, the 120,

—	imported in (hipping of the

1	(	United	Kingdom -

— in foreign Slipping, the 120

—- of «B forts, under fix inches in diameter, ex-clufive of the bark, of the growth or production of the Britilh colonics or plantations in America, the 120 N. B. All Spars 6 inches and upwards in diameter, are to pay duty.as Mafts according to their refpe&ive dimen-• (tons.

——-Sptekled Wood of the Britilh colonies, plants-tions, or fettlements in Africa, or America, the ton, ql. a0 cwt. -- ■ >	of	the growth of any other country

Or place, the ton, qt. 20 cwt.

— Spokes for Wheels, hot exceeding 2 feet in length, ^	the	1000,

——— imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom

———in foreign (hipping, the 1000

«— ......... ■	exceeding	2	feet	in length, the

1000,

——	imported in (hipping

of the United King dom -	-

— — • ■ in foreign (hipping, the iooo

*"■' 1« > '»»'■■■ of all forts, of the growth or production of the Britilh colonies or plantations in America, the 1000 ■— Staves of all forts, not exceeding 50 inches in length, the 120	-

f• 5 • d.

o 8 II

o 16	6

o 17 7

1 15 2

1 17 5 067

O II o

2 15 0

o 13 II O l6 2

1 9 4 1 12 8

042

o o 7

o

0

o i

o 13 o 19

o o

O I

2 3

0 s 1 0 8 <

0 14 4 0 16 8

O05

001

ttatl Anno regni qmdtagefiino quarto Gboro ti HI. 1.1

SCHEDULE (A.)—INWARDS.

IFood, Staves, continued.

—— of all forts, exceeding 50 inches in length, the 1X0

---of the United Sates of America, See Schedule (B.)

——Sweet Wood, of the growth or prodtt&ion of the Britifh colonics, plantations, or fcttletnents, in Africa or America, the too, qt. 20 cwt. - -(If for dyers’ ufc, free.)

■■■ ■	of any other country or place, the ton,

qt. 30 cwt. .... (If for dyers’ ufe, free.)

— Timber, vis.

---- , Fir Timber, being 8 inches iquare, and

not exceeding 10 inches iquare, the load, qt.50 cubic feet,

—... 11 imported in fhipping of the United Kingdom

—— ■ ■ in foreign fhip-fhipping, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet ■ exceeding 10 inches fqaare, the kad, qt. 50 cubic feet,

-imported in dripping of s United Kingdom —in foreign (hipping, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet -	-

•being 8 inches fquare or upwards, of the growth or produ&ion of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, the load, qt. 30 cubit feet Oak Timber, 8 inches fquare or upwards, the load, qt. 50 cubit feet.

Lr

\

o

Duty.

Drawback.

d.£

x 1

o it o

360



of the United King-	
dom ...	076
—■■■ in foreignfhip-* ping, the load, qt. 50 cubic	084
feet • -	

045

653

04.9

056

018

1. 4

001

049

a 16 o

o a 9 037 o a io ® 3 S

00s

030

o 3 jo

Wood, Oak Timber continued.

— being 8 inches fquare or upwards, of the growth or production of the Britifii colonies or plantations in America, the load, qt. 50 cubit feet -	' -

■ —-—■ of all forts, not particularly enumerated or described, or other-

•	wife charged with duty, being 8 inches fquare or upwards, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet,

■ft —> . imported in topping of the United Kingdom '	in foreign top-

ping, the load qt. 50 cubic feet

■	—	of all forts, not particularly enumerated

or defcribed,orotherwifecharged with duty, being & inches fquare or upwards, of the growth or production of the Britifli colonies or plantations in America, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet Treenails, .or Trenails, the xooo,

■	■	■■■»■	■	1 imported inr topping of the

United Kingdom - -

—-----in foreign (hipping,

the 1000	-	-

Ufers, under 5 inches fquare, and under 24 feet in length, the z 20,

-	■	imported	in (hipping of the United

Kingdom ■■■—-in foreign (hipping, the 120

——* being 5 and under 8 inches fquare, or if 24 feet in length or upwards, the 120,

♦	—■- imported in (hipping of the

United Kingdom - -	-

in foreign (hipping, the 120	-	-	-

■	■■—■■■ of all forts* uniter.8 inches fquare, of the

growth, or produCtioo of the Britifli co-K	lonies or plantations in America, the 120

1 ■» Wahifcot Boards. See Boards. ’

—- » ■ Logs, 8 inches fquare or upwards, the t	load^qt. 50 cubic feet,

■ imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom



038

045

0 5 3 0

0 <

0180

o 3 iol o

045c

o 16 6j <

0	17 7j <

1	15	21

I l6 4I o 8 iol

o 8 10!

SCHEDULE (A )—INWARDS.

Ww^ Wainfcot Logs, &c. continued.

—— imported in foreign (hipping, the load, qt. jO cubic feet - - -

-	■■	■»—— being of the growth or pro-

duction of the Britifh colo-' nies or plantation* in America, the Toad, qt. 50 cubit feet -

-----Yards. See Marts.

... Unmanufactured, of the growth or production of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, not particularly enumerated or de-fcribed, or otherwife charged with duty, fore very jf. 1 ooof the value

——not particularly enumerated or deferibed, or other-wife charged with duty, for every-^.100 of the

£• s' d-

o 9 ti

value.

imported in (hipping of the United Kingdom - -in foreign (hip-

ping, for every £.100 of the value -	-	-

■	■ i	of	the	growth	or	production

of the United States of America. See Schedule (B.)

Wool, viz.

----Beaver, the lb. -	-	- - ■ - -	- • -

--------Cut or Combed, the lb. -	-	-

--------Carmenia. See Goats* Hair, in Hair.

----Coney, the lb.

— Cotton of the growth or production of the BritHh colonies or plantations in America, the loolbs. ... ———of the growth or production of Turkey, the toolbs. -

■	1 of the'growth or production of any other country or place, the xoolbs. - . -

--------of the growth or production of the United

States of America. See Schedule (B).

| — Eft ridge or Oflrich, for every /.too of the value

---Goats. See Goats* Hair, in Hair.

---Hares’ Wool, the 100 lb*. -	-	„

• — Red Wool, not Spanifh, for every £.100 of the value -	-	.	.	.

Duty.

Drawback. £. s. J.

O X %

038

3 19 a

r

20 s 4

25 o o

01 t I 3 I

o o I

o 9 t 087 o 13 9

3 19 a 030 3 *9 *

o o 4

07a

16 13 4 at 8 o

1 1 8

07a

003

07a

Wool, continued.

■	■■ Spanifh, free.

—	Turkey Goats. See Goats’ Hair, in Hair. Woollen Stuffs. See Stuffs.

Yam. See Yam.

Worm Seed. See Seed.

Worded Tapes, as Haberdaftiefy.

■	■ Yarn. See Yam.

;	'	-	Y.

Yards. See Mails, in Wood.

Yam, vifc.

—— Cable Yarn, the ewt.	-

—	Camel or Mohair, the lb. qt. 16 ox. « *

-— Cotton, the lb. -	-

—	Grog ram, the lb.	-	-	-	-

— Raw Linen. Yam, made of Flax, the lb. ..

—— Wick Yam, for every £.100 of die value .

-----Woollen and Bay Yarn, the cwt. -

—— Worfted, being of two or more threads, twilled or thrown, the lb. . -—* — of .any other fort not particularly enumerated or defcribed, or otherwife charged with duty, for every £.100 of the value - •

Yellow Berries. See Berries.

£.

X.

Zafire. See Cobalt. Zodoaria, the lb.

All ether goods, wares, and merchandise whatfo ever, not being particularly enumerated or de (bribed, or otherwife charged with duty, and not being prohibited to be imported into, or ufed in Ireland, and not being exempt from duty, for ctery £.100 of the value thereof »

o

o

o

0

o

33

o 19

Drawl

IT'

008

33 ° °

012

0 0 0

0

0

29

011

ao 5 4 1613

29

0

Schedule (B.)

A Schedule of the Net Duties to be charged on the Importation into	Inkmi of Goods. Wares, and Merchandise, therein enume-

rated or fcfcribed, being of the Growth. Produce, or Manufacture of the Crated States of Avmiea, and of the Drawbacks to allowed on the Exportation thereof from Inland,

INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback.
	JL" *•	£• '• d.
Arrow Root, the cwt. - -Aflws of all kinds, fret.  Saver Skins. See Skins.  Slabber. See Oil.  Zaire Skins. See Skins.  Zorn. See Afts relating thereto.	0 ti 0	0 2 0
Cotton Wool, the cwt. -	098	O O It
Sum, Cafhew Gum, the cwt.  (If for dyers* ufe, free.)  Elenp, rough, free.  Tides, viz.  	Buffalo, Bull. Cow, or Ox,' in the hair, the	0 3 10	OO4
piece - - - - - -■ - ■ Horfes, Mares, Or Gelditigs, in the hair, the	0 0 7	’ ”T
piece - - - -	or Pieces of Hides, rawer undfefled, not particularly enumerated or delcribed, or other-wife charged with duty, for every £.100	**  O  O	
of die value .....	20 s 4	l6 13 4
Heps, die cwt. - * - -  Note. For tbe conditions and regulations under which Hops may be watehoufed, See 40 Geo. HI. chap. 43.	X 18 7	0 15 4
Indigo, die toolbs. ------  (If for dyers’ ufe, free.)  Iron in bars, or unwrought, free.  —— Pig Iron, free.  StfafYamb, or Bowfprits. } Seo Wood'  Oil, Spermaceti or Head Matter, the tun, qt. 252 gal-	0 1) 2	ot 3
Ions - - - • - • - -	24 $ 1	2* 1 7
— Train OB, or Blubber, or Fifh Oil, the tun.		**
qt. 252 gallons ------	23 * 0	2* s
Rich, the lad, qt. 12 barrels, each barrel, qt. gallons Rwifions (not being Groceries) for every £.100 of the	0 18 5	0 9*
value. ....	13 s 6	9 13 6

SCHEDULE (B.>—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawbi
Provilions continued.  Note. For the conditions upon which Corn and Fifli, and all other Provilions may be imported without payrhent of duty. See 41 Geo. 1(1. ch. 63. continued, by lubfequenr a&s until 25th March, 1805,	£. t. d.	•
Rice, the cwt. - -  Note. For the conditions under which Rice, the produce of the United States of America, . may be whrehoufed on importation, See 41 Geo. III. ch, fe£t 8. .	0 10 4	0 8  i
Rofin, or Colophonia, the cwt. - -Seed,  —— Hemp Seed, free.	025	0 a |
		Rape, the quarter, qt. 8 bulhels	049	0 3
Skins, Beaver, undrefled, the fldn  Calve, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any	004	0 0
. way drefied, the dozen Heins .	0 1 5	0- 0 1
Snuff, the lb. - - - ' - -	0 in	0. 1 1
Spermaceti, Fine, the lb. -Staves. See Wood.  Tar, the laft, qt. 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding	0 I ,6	0 t  ]
31* gallons -Tobacco, viz.	0 13 2	0 10 |
■	 unmanufactured, for every lb;  ■——■ if imported by Strangers, or by any law now in force be fobjeft to alien’s duty, then* a	0 o' 8	0 0 |
further duty for every lb. . - .  For the conditions, regulations, and re-ft rift ions under which fuch Tobacco may be fecured in warehoufes, without- payment of the above duties, See 37 Geo. In.  r ch. 42. fince continued	_  (Tobacco is fubjeft alfo to a duty of Exciie.)  Tonnage Duty on flitps entering outwards or inwards.  See Schedule (D.)	001	0 0 1  1  r
Turpentine, common, tne cwt.	0 3 3	>3]
Whale Fins, or WhaJcbone, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. Wood, viz.	132 0 0	130 s (
■■ - Anchor Stocks, the piece ' . - . -	007	0 0 \
■ — Balks of all forts, under 8 inches fquare, the 120	0 11 0	0 1 c
——• Batten sand Batten Ends of all forts, the 120 -	05b	0 0 1
-—--.Beech Plank of all forts, the. 120 ;. . —  —— Beech Quarters of all forts, under 8 fquare, the	034	0 0 i
1 120--. -. 1.	0 II O	0 1 c

SCHEDULE (B.)—INWARDS.	Duty.	Drawback;
Food,continued.  — Boards, Clap Boards, exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, and under 8 inches	£•.** d.	£• *• A
fquare^ the 120  and under 8 inches fquare,	083	0 0 9
- • the 120 — Bowiprits. See Mails.  	Box Wood, the ton of 20 cwt. -	056	vO  O  O
	1 1 2	0 1 it
— Deals and Deal Ends of all forts, the 120	056	006
	Ebony, the ton, qt. ao cwt. -  — Fire Wood, the fathom 6 feet wide and 6 feet	0 14 0	0 1 3
high - - -	Fir Quarters of all forts, under 8 inches fquare,	O  O	0 0 t
the t20 ...	0. IX 0	0 1 0
	Handfpilces, under 7 feet in length, the 120	o_.i 6	0 0 2
	7 feet in length or upwards, the 120  —— Knees of Oak of all forts, under 8 inches fquare,	0211	OOJ
the 120  — 		8 inches fquare or up-  • wards, the load, qt.	056	vO  O  O
50 cubic feet - -— Lathwood in pieces of all forts, the fathom, 6 feet	038	O  O
wide and 6 feet high	° 3 10	OOA
— Lignum Vitae, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. ^ (If for dyers? life, free.)	074	0 0 8
—	Mahogany, the ton, qt. 20 cwt. - «■  —	Mads, Yards, or Bowfprits, 6 inches in diameter,  and under 8 inches, the	0144	0 1 ♦
piece -  and under 12 inches,	022	016
the piece  ■ ■ • —— 12 inches in diameter,  and qpvrards, the load, qt. 50 cubic	—r—:  0  01	031
feet. - . ’ -  — Oak Plank of all forts, the 120	0 is 5 0 5 6.	0 7 to 006
—	Oars, the 120 -  	Olive Wood, the ton, qt. 20 cwt - .  —	Round Wood in pieces of all forts, under 8 inches  fquare, the 120 - ' -  —	Spars of all lorts, under 6 inches in diameter, ex*  dufive of the bark, the 120	0 >3 2 083  0 2 2  067	0 I % O O q  0 0 %  n a .
— Speckled Wood, the ton, qt. 20 cwt.  ■— Spokes for Wheels of all forts, the iooo —— Stave* of all forts, not exceeding 50 inches in	0 8 10 0 4 2	w w I  0 0 to 0 0 5
• length, the 120 -	O  O	0 0 1

SCHEDULE (B.)—INWARDS.

Wood, Staves of all farts continued.

»	exceeding	50	inches in length,

• the 120

—	Sweet Wood, die ton, qt. 20 cwt -'

(If for dyers' ufe, free.)

—— Tftnber Oak;, being 8 inches fquare or upwards, the load, qt. 50 Cubic.feet -

—	■■	of all forts, not particularly enumerated or

deferred, or otherwise charged with duty, being 8 inches fquare or upwards, the load, qt. 50 cubic feet -

—	— Uferi of all forts, under 8 inches fquare, the 120

—— Wainfcot Logs, being & inches fquare or upwards,

the load, qt. JO cubic feet

—— Yards. See Mans

—	■ ■ ■	unmanufactured,	not particularly

- enumerated or defcribed, or otherwifecharged with duty, not being exempt from duty, and not being for the purpofes of dying, for every £. too of the value -AH other goods, wares, and merchandize whatever, not being particularly enumerated or deferibed, or otherwife charged with duty in this Schedule, and not prohibited to be imported into, or ufed in Ireland, being of the growth, production, or manufadure of the United States of America, and imported according to law, (hall and may be entered and landed on payment of fuch duties of culloms (and alfo of excife, in cafes where duties of exdfe ajre due and payable thereon), and no higher, as are payable on goods, wares, ant merchandize of the like denomination or defeription, upon their importation into Ireland, in (hipping of the United Kingdom, from any other foreign country; and in cafes where different duties are impofed upon goods, wares, and merchandize of the lit denomination and ddcription, imported from dlflerent foreign countries, then upon payment of the loweft duties whiqh by law are required to be paid on the importation in {hipping of the United Kingdom, of any foch goods, wares, or merchandize from any foreign country, according to the Schedule or Table referred to in the Ad, to which this .	Schedule	is annexed.

Duty. 1	Draw b a
s. d.j	I-
Oil	0 0
O II 01	0 I
0  u  00	! 0 0
0 18	0 c
0 8 10	0 c
038	\ 0 \

3 19 20

itofr] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III: c. 26.	113

Schedule (C.)

A Schedule of the Duties payable upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Iiebnd.

OUTWARDS.

Alhes of Wood, the Jaft of 12 barrels

—	of all other forts, for every £. too of the value

Bacon, the flitch	-	-	-

-----other, and Haros, the cwt.

Bones, Ox, the xcco -	*•

-----unmanufactured, for every £. 100 of the value

Calves’ Skins, for every £. too of the value Calves* Valves, for every £. ioq of the value Cards Wool, new, the dozen	-

-----------old,'the dozen	-

Cbeefe, the cwt.	-	-	‘	-	-

Coney Hair or Wool, black or white, the lb/

Copperas, for every A ioo of the value Fur, called Rabbit’s Grey Fur, the lb.	-	-

Furriers’ Wafte, for every £. ico of the value Geldings or Nags. See Horfes.

Greaves, or Greafe, the ewt.	-

Guts, Ox Guts, the barrel	-	S

-----of other Animals, for every £. xoo of the value

Hair, viz.

-----Harts, the cwt.	-

-----Horfe, the cwt.	-

—	Human, for'cveiy £. ioo of the value -

—	Kids, for every £. ioo of the value

—	Ox, Cows or Bulls, the cwt.

Hardhorn, the cwt.	-

Hempfced, the quarter of 8 bulhels Hides, raw and untanned, the piece Hogs or Pies, the piece alive Hog’s Lard, the cwt.

Horns, viz.

-----Bucks, the hundred of 6 fcore

■— Goats, the cwt.	-

—• Ox, the thoufand of 6 fcore to the hundred -------Rams, the thoufand of 6 fcore to the hundred	- •

— Sheep, the thoufand of 6 fcore to the hundred —• Stags, the thoufand of 6 fcore'to the hundred

-----Tips of Horns, ihe thoufand of 6 fcore to iht hundred

Horn^havings, for every A ioo of*the value -	-	'

Voi,.XLV.	I

Duty.

£■	r.	d.
0	I	8
5	0	a
0	0	I
0	0	2
0	0	4
5	0	0
5	0	o
5	0	o
0	o	8
0	o	s
9	o	6
6	0	7
5	0	o
0	o	3
5	o	o
0	o	2
o	I	o
5	0	0
0	2	2
o	8	o
S	o	o
S	o	o
o t	2	o
0	I	6
0	2	0
o	2	0
0	3	0
0	0	II
0	0	3
o	0	6
0	2	6
o	I	0
o	o	2
o	I	7
0	Q	-9
s	o	o

SCHEDULE (C.)—OUTWARDS.

Duty.

& !• \

Horfes, Mares, Geldings, and Mules, (he piece -	~ I o

Hoofs of all forts, for every £. too of (he value *	<.150

Lead, cadi or oncaft, the too of 20 cwt.	-	-	-	213

—— Ore, for every £. 100 of the value -	-	-	-150

Leather of all forts, tanned, tawed, or in any waydrefled, the cwt.	0	1

Linen Rags or Shreds, the ton of 20 cwt.	-	-	*	3	5

Linfeed, or Flaxfeed, the quarter, qt. 8 bufltels	•	- jo 3

Litharge of Lead, the cwt. -	-	-	,	- I 0 0

Manure. See Soap Boiler’s Wafte.

Oxen, Cows, or Steers, the head -	-	-	- I 0 6

Oyfters, in pickle, the gallon	-	-	-	- I 0 0

Rapefeed, the quarter of 8 bufhels	•	-	-loo

Skins, vie.

—— Badger, the piece -	-	-	-	- 1 0 C

—— Calve. See Calve Skins, in C.

— ■	*■	—	tanned.	See	Leather	tanned.

*—— Cat, the hundred of 5 fcore -	•	-	-	I	0

—	----Deer, undrefied, for every £. 100 of the value -	-	5

1 Dog, the dozen •	-	-	-	-	I	°

-—------Fox, the piece -	-	-	-	-	I	°

—:—r Goat, undrefied, for every £. 100 of the value	-	-	5

—	—Hair, undrefied, for every 100 of the value	-	-	5

•——Kid, drefied or undrefied, the hundred of 6 fcore	-	-	0

■	~— Kips, and Runners, for every £. 100 of the value -	-	1 5

■	■■■— Lamb, drefled, without the wool on, the hundred of 61

fcore -	-	-	-	-	-	I	°

— tanned, tawed, or dfefied, the cwt. -	-	1	°

Note.—No Lamb Skins, whether (link or flaughtered, from which the wool (hall not have been taken off, I (hall be exported, (except to Great Britain), tinder j the penalty of the forfeiture thereof, See 40 Geo. 111.] c. 43. fee. 159.

*	■ — Martin, for every £. joo of the value -,	-	-	1	5

•	—— Otter, raw, the piece	-	-	-	-	|	°

------tawed, the piece	- - .	-	j	0

——— Wombs, for every £. 100 of the value	-	-	I	S

—	Rabbits and Conies, Black, with or' without Silver Hair, I

drefled or tawed, the hundred of 6 fcore	-	-	C

....Grey, feafoned, the hundred of 6 fcore	-	-	I	c

—	■ Grey, Stag, the hundred of 6 fcore -	•	1	<

■ * -— Grey, tawed, the hundred of 6 fcore •	-	1	<

—	-drefled, tawed, or dyed into colours, the hundred

of 6 fcore	-

«-------Sheep, drefled, without the wool on, the 120

/ —-------tanned, tawed, or drefled, the cwt.

------ with the wool on, the hundred of 6 fcore -

—1— 1 "■ tawed, with the wool on, the hundred of 6 fcore •

SCHEDULE (C.)—OUTWARDS.

Skins continued.

-----Sheep Pelts, drefled or undreflbd, for every 6 fiporc - , -

-----Squirrel, the 1000	-	-	-

t— - Stag, the piece	-	-

-----Swan, the piece -	-	■	-

Slugs of Horns, for every /. 100 of the value -

Soap Boiler's Wafle, and all other Manure (except Limethe ton

Tallow, the cwt. -	-	-	-

Tanner’s Wafte, for every £. 100 of the value -

Tongues, called Neats’ Tongues, the dozen «*	.	-

Tonnage Duties. See Schedule (D.)

Tripes, the cwt. ------

Wax, unmanufactured, the cwt. -	-	-	-

Weld, the cwt.	-	-

Woad, the ton of ao cwt. -— Nets, the hundred of 5 fcore -Yam, Linen, for every pack of itatutable Linen Yarn. qt. 400 pounds weight, at 6 fcore to the hundred

Duty.

In addition to the duties herein-before charged on certain goods of the growth, produce, or manufc&ure of Ireland, exported from thence, and alfb on all other goods, wares, and merchandize, the growth, produce, or manufadture oi Ireland, the following duties are to be paid;

All goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufa&ure of Ireland, except as herein-after mentioned, ex ported to any part of Europe, or to any port or place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every £, 100 of the true and rea* value thereof -	-	*	«

Except

- —Bullion.

Goods, wares, or merchandize, exported from Ireland to the Me of Man, which may t^e legally exported to the faid jfland.

• ------—	Cotton	Yarn, and all other Cotton Manufactures,

being of the manufacture of Ireland.

—— Corn or Grain.

Refined Sugar in loaf complete and whole, or lump duly refined, or any refined fugar called Baftard*, or ground of powdered fugar,* or refined fugar broken in pieces, or ahy fu*ar called Candy, or (	MclafTes made from fugar of the Britilh planta-

'	tions.

All goods, wares, or merchandize, of the grbwth, produce, 6t manuftdure of Ireland (except as herein-after mentioned), exported to any port or place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the limits of the

1 a

£- l rf.

o t 6

a 0 o o

0

1

0 o

o

o

o

5

t

o

5

o

6

6

4

o

o

6

o

4

O O I

040

o i 3

o 10 o

006

100

1 10 o.

Annoregni quadragefimo quarto GeorohIII. c. *6. [1804.'

Bounties or Allowances.

£• s‘

SCHEDULE (E). continued.

Linen continued.

All manufaOures of diapers, huckabacks, Meetings or • - liaons, upwards of one yard in breadth, and not exceeding it.7 id.the fquata yard in value, which . (hall be exported to any of the places aforefaid, for

every (qqarq yard thereof -	-	-	-00	ii

And fo in proportion for any greater or lefs v quantity.

.All manufadures of fail cloth or canvas, fit for or made . into (ails, which (hall be exported, for every three ells thereof -	-	'	-	.	.	.	-00	6i

- And fo in proportion for any greater or left quantify.

SILK.

Manufactures of Ireland made of, or mixed with (ilk, exported under certain regulations, viz.

Ribbands and fluffs made of fdk only, for every lb.

thereof avoirdupois -	-	-	-	.030.

Silks and ribbands made of (ilk mixed with gold or.

filver, for every lb. thereof avoirdupois	-	>040

Silk ftockings, gloves, fringes, and laces, and ditching , or fewingfilk, for every lb. thereof avoirdupois - o 1 J Stuffs made of (ilk andgrogram yarn mixed, for every i lb. thereof avoirdupois -	-	-	-	q	o	8

Stuffs made of filk and worfted mixed, for every lb.

thereof avoirdupois -	-	•	-	-006

Stuffs made of filk mixed with inde or Cotton, the lb. avoirdupois -	-	-	-	-	- .	-	o	1	0

And fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

Books unbound, if printed on Britiffi or foreign paper,

for every lb. thereof avoirdupois -	•	•	o	o	'	I

Sugar, refined.

For the bounties thereon, See the 41 Geo.IIf. chap. 74, 42 Gfo. HI. chap. 60, and 43 Geo. III. chap. 17.

INWARDS.

For and upon every barrel of bark or hemlock which • fhall he imported into Ireland from any country in

Europe except Great Britain -	-	-	-	o	4	0

For and upon every barrel of bark or hemlock which fhall be imported into Ireland from America >-050

Schedule

llafj Aoaoregni quadragefimo quarto GkobgiiIII.c. a 6.	119

Schedule (F.)

A ScMale of Inland Duties of Excite and Taxes, for, upon, sad in sefjpaA of the fcveial Articles thenin ntwitnal.

INLAND DUTIES.

Dtrrr.

AUCTIONS.	£. i. d.

for and upon every twenty fhilflngs of the purchafe nooty, anting or payable by virtue of any talc at ao&on in Ireland, of ain intcreft in poflefEon or imrfion in any freehold or leafchold lands, tenements, houfcs, or hereditaments} and of any annuities, or fums of money charged thereon; and of any otenfils of hufbandry and farming flock, thips and veffels, and of any plate or jewels; and to in proportion for any greater or lets fum of fuch pur-ebafe money, to be paid by the auctioneer, agent, fafior, of feller by commiffion' -	-	-003

For and upon every twenty (hillings of the purchafe money, anting, or payable, by virtue of any file at audion in Ireland, of furniture, fixtures, pictures, books, horfes, and carriages, and all odwr goods and chattels whatsoever (not exempted by law) and to in proportion for any greater or lets fum of fuch purchafe money, to be paid bv the auctioneer, agent, fa&or, or feller bycommi&on -	.006

CARDS AND DICE.

For and upon every pack of printed, painted, or playiog cards, made, manufactured, or vended in Ireland -	,	-	-.0x5

For and upon every pair of dice made, manufactured, or vended in Ireland -	-	.	o	10	o

COACHES AND CHAISES.

For and upon every coach, chariot, berlin, calafh, or ebaife, with four wheels (not exempt by law) which any perfon fhalt have or keep in bis or her pofleffion at any time in each and every year from the 25th day of March 1804, fuch perfon not having at the fame time more than one fuch. carriage in his or her pofleffion, the yearly fum of - 6 16 6

For and upon every coach, chariot, berlin, calafh, or chaife, with four wheels (not exempt by law), which any perfon fhalt have or keep in his or her poflef-fion at any time in each ana every year from the 95th day of March 1804, if fuch perfon (hall at the

feme

120 Anno rcgniqaadragefimo quarto Georgii IIL c*a6; [1804.

SCHEDULE (F). continued.	duty.

Coaches and Chaifes continued.	£,	i.	dm

'	fame	time	have	more	than one fuch carriage in his

, or her pofieffion, the yearly fum. of	-	-'-920

For and upon every chaife with two wheels (notexempt by law) which any peiTon (hall have or keep in his or her poiTeflion at any time in each and every year from the 25th day of March 1804, the yearly fum of -	-	-	-	-200

Stage coaches, hackney coaches, and chaifes, and coaches, chaifes, and other carriages kept for hire, or kept by the makers for fale, and cabriolets and garden chairs, excepted. (See 40 Geo. 3. 0.52. feeft. 10, ii, 12.)

COFFEE.

For and upon every pound weight of coffee which fhall be confumed in Ireland, to be paid by the perfon or perfons buying the fame from the importer , thereof -	-	-	-	-001

FIRE HEART.HS.

For and out of every dwclling-houfe, out-houfe, or edifice appertaining thereto, in Ireland, in the whole of which houfe there (hall be two or more fire hearths, or other places ufed for firing, or ftoves, at any time in each and every year from the 25th day of March-1804, the feveral and refpedtive yearly rates and taxes following, that is to fay:

Out of every fuch houfe, out-houfe, or edifice apper-taining thereto, in which there fhall be in the whole. two fire hearths, or other places ufed for firing, or * ftoves, the fum of -	-	-	-	o	4	10}

Out of every fuch houfe, out-houfex or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there fhall be in the whole three nre hearths, or other places ufed for firing, or ftoves, the fum of	-	-	o	8

Out of every fuch houfe, out-houfe, or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there fhall be in the whole four fire hearths, or other places ufed for firing, or ftoves, the fum of -	-	1	-	•	on	^

Out of every fuch houfe, out-houfe, or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there fhall be in the whole five fire hearths, or other places ufed for firing, or ftoves, the fum of -	-	-	•	-	0152

Out of every fuch houfe, out-houfe, or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there (hall be in the whole fix fire hearths, or other places ufed for firing, or ftoves, the fum of -	-	-	-0196

v	Out

itatjAtaoiegniquadragefiraoquartoOborcu III. c.i5.• izi

SCHEDULE (F). continued.	dutt.	\

Tn Hearths continued.	£. s. d.

(k of every fuch houfe, out-houfe, or edifice apper-tiiiungthefeto, in which there (hail be in the whole fefcoSre hearths, or other placet ufed fqr firing, or ftoTcs, the fum of	-	-	-	-	-14 4$

Out of every fuch houfej out-houfe, or edifice apper-taising thereto, in which there (hall be in the whole right fire hearths, or other pfeccs ufed for firing, or fiovts, the fum of	-	-	-	-	1	8	%

Out of every fuch houfe, out-houfe, or edifice appertaining thereto, in which there (hall be in the whole nine or more fire hearths, or other places ufed for • firing, or ftoves, for every hearth, firing-place, or ftoic, the fum of	-	-	^ -	»	-088 '

GLASS BOTTLES.

For and upon every glafs bottle which (hall be made	*	,

or majwfedlured in Ireland, of common bottle metal, (the fame not being phials) for every quart foch bottle (hall be reputed to contain, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity, not being lefe than one pint, to be paid by the makers	”	1

thereof •	%	■	«■	—	•	-00 04

LEATHER, for and upon all hides and (kins, and pieces of hides and fkinii hereinafter mentioned, which fhall be tanned in Ireland, the refpedive rates and duties following j that is to fay,

For and upon every fuch hide and (kin, or piece of any fuch hide and (kin, of any kind or denomination whatfoever other than fuch as are hereinafter mentioned and deferibed, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof, and after fech rate for any greater or lefs quantity -	-	-	-	.	-	-	o	O	I

For and upon all hides of horfes, mares or geldings, for every hide	-	-	-	-	O	l	O	’

Tor and upon all (kins called veaMkins, and all (kins of hogs, for every dozen (kins thereof, and after the fame rate for any greater or lefs oumber -	*050

For and upon all (kins for (hoes, and other like pur-pofes, and all feal-(kins, for every dozen thereof, and after the feme rate for any greater or lefs number -	-	-	.	-.	*o a 6

Tot and upon all other (kins for book-binders’ ufe, for every dozen thereof, and after the feme rate for any greater or lefs number •	-	-	•	*0x0

itt Anno fegniqtiadragefimoquartoGboroii Ilf. c.26. [1 $04

SCHEDULE (F.) cmtlnued.	duty#

Leather continued.	i.	d

For and upon all goats (kins tanned with flrnmac, or otherwise, to rtfemUe Spanifh leather, and all (beep-(kins tanned for roans, befog after the nature of Spanifh leather, for every pound weight avoirdu-* poi# thereof	-	-	*	-	•	o. O I

For and upon all flteep-(kkn$ and Iamb4kfos tanned for gloves and bafife, for every pound weight avoir* dupois thereof, and piaportianably for any greater fcr itfs Quantity ...	-	-000]

For and upon all hides 2nd1 (kins, and pieces of hides and (kins, hereinafter mentioned, which (hall be drefled in oil in Ireland, the feveral and refoedive rates and duties hereinafter taprefled, that is to lay.

For and upon every fuch -hide and (kin, and piece of fuch hide, of any nature or denomination whatfo-ever, other than as hereinafter mentioned and deferred, for every pouted weight avoirdupois thereof O o 2 For and upon all deer-(kins, goat-(kins, and beaver-

ikins, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof -00 3 For and upon all calve-fkins, for every pound weight avoirdupois thereof -	-	-	-002

For and upon all (heep~(kins, and Iamb-Ados, for	|

1 every pound weight avoirdupois thereof -	-	-	o	o	2{

Ana proportionably for any greater or left quan- * tity of all fuch hides ana wins.

LICENCES.	v

For and upon every licence to any perfon in Ireland to manufacture tobacco in any manner, or to deal in unmanufactured tobacco, except as a whoJe&le importer only, or as a wholefale merchant only -80 o And a further duty of £.4 for and upon every tobacco-table exceeding one table, which any perfbn manufacturing tobacco fliatl be licenced to keep.

For and upon every licence to any perfon to deal jn unmanufactured tobacco as a wholefale merchant, not being the importer thereof -	-	-100

For and upon any licence to any perfon to fell by retail or otherwise deal in coffee, m any city or town corporate in Ireland, except importers thereof, or

*	peribns licenfed to fell tea or groceries -	-100

For and upon every licence to any perfon to fell by

retail or otherwife deal in coffee in any pert in Ireland, not being a city or town corporate, except

* as aforefaid -	-	-	-	O 10	o

For and upon every licence to any perfon in Ireland

to manufa&ure candles'or foap for (ale -	-100

For and upon every Keener to any perfon in Ireland to fell or manufacture paper-hangings for fale - - x o o

For

i&04*} tone regni quadiragefimo quarto CaoRoit IJI. c. 26.

SCHEDULE (F). continued,	duty^

licences continued.	£.	s.	if.

For and upon evenr Rcence to any perfon in Ireland to keep a dill or Rills to redlify or compound (pints and ftrong waters, for every ten gallons which fiich ftill or flills is or are capable of containing -	-	2	10	a

For and upon every licence to any perfon in Ireland to keep a mill or mills for making paper -	-	2	.0	0

for and upon every licence to any perfon in Irehmd to brew or'make for fale any liquor called fweets pr made wines -	-	-	-	2	0	a

For and upon every licence to any perfon in Ireland to make metheglin or mead for fale -	-	-200

For and upon every licence to any perfon in Ireland to make vinegar for fale -	-	-	-	-200

For and upon every licence to any perfon to fell tea * or groceries by retail in the city of Dublin, or within the circular road furrounding the fame, and in every city, town, and place, returning a member to ferve in parliament, or within two miles of the market-houfe, or principal market-plac^or tbwn-houfe of any fiich city, town, or place -	"3 0 P

For and upon every licence to any perfon in any other part of Ireland to fell tea or groceries by retail *200 For and upon every licence to any perfon to fell or tap out cyder by retail -	-	-	-	1	o.	O

For and upon every licence to any perfon to fell'me-thegKn or m^ad by retail	-	-	-	too

For and upon every licence to any perfon in Ireland, to fell or n>ake any gold or filver plate for fale -	1	o	O*

For and upon every licence to any perfon in Ireland, to keep a tan-yard or tan»pit, or tan leather for fale 100 For and upon every licence to any perfon in Ireland, to drefs hides and (kins in oil -	-	-	I	0	O

For and upon every licence to any perfon in Ireland, to make vellum and parchment	-	-	-	1 0 o

For and upon every licence to any perfon to fell any kind of fpirituous liquors by retail in the city of Dublin, or within the circular road furrounding the faid city, and within the diftridl of the metropolis 30 O 0 For and upon every licence to any perfon to felt any kind of fpirituous liquors by retail, beyond the faid circular road and wall of his Majefty’s park the Phoenix, not more than two miles diftant therefrom -	-	-	-	-20	o	o

For and upon every licence to any perfon to fell any kind of fpirituous liquors by retail, in every other place within the diftridl of the excife office of Dubtin, beyond the circular road and wall of his Majefty’s park the Phoenix, not diftant more than five miles therefrom -	'	-	,	-	-	-1500

-124 Amo rtgni quadragefimo quarto Gkorgi i III. c. 26. [ 18c

SCHEDULE (F.)	dut	y

Licences continued.	£.	x*

For and'upon every licence to any perfon to fell any kind of fpirituous liquors by retail within the city of Cork, and all places furrounded by the faid city 30 o And within the reft of the county of the faid city - 20 o For and upon every licence to any perfon to fell any kind of fpirituous liquors by retail within the city of Waterford, and all places furrounded by the (aid city	-	-	-	-	-	30	o

. And withtn the reft of the county of the faid city • 20 o For and upon every licence to any perfon to fell any 1	kind	of fpirituous liquors by retail in the city of

Limerick, including that part thereof called St.

Francis’s Abbey, and all places furrounded by the faid city	-	-	•	•	-30	O

And Within the reft	of the	county	of the faid	city 20	o

For and upon every licence to any perfon to fell any kind of fpirituous liquors by retail within the cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and within the towns of Belfaft, Newry, Galway,

. Dundalk, DroghftJa, and Clonmel -	-	15	o

For and upon every licence to any perfon to fell any . kind of fpirituous liquors by retail within all other cities, corporate towns, market towns, where markets are ufually held, and within one mile of the town houfe, market houfe, or principal UiaflRt place -	-	-	-	-	19	0	i

For and upon every licence to any perfon to fell any	,

kind of fpirituous liquors by retail in any other	'

part of Ireland than thofe parts before deferibed - 6 o < For and upon every licence to any peifon to fell fpirits in any place in Ireland, in quantities not lefs than two gallons, the like duty as is payable in fuch place on a licence to fell fpirituous liquors by retail.

For and upon every licence to any fa&or or other perfon in Ireland, felling home-made fpirits on . com million or otherwife, not being a licenfed diftillcr or retailer of fpirits, nor being otherwife licenfed to fell fpirits -	*	-	’	-	20	0	t

For and upon every licence to any fa&or or perfon in Ireland felling foreign fpirits on comraiflion or otherwife, not being, a licenfed diftiller or retailer qf fpirits, nor being otherwife licenfed to fell fpirits, nor being the importer of foreign fpirits -	-	20	0	d

For and upon every licence to any perfon in Ireland, not being a maltfter or maker of malt, felling malt, on commiifion or otherwife -	-	-	20	Q	0

For and upon every licence to any perfon in Ireland ^	.	to	keep a malt houfe and make malt for Lie, fqr

each

riot) Inoo regrii quaidragefimo quarto Gborgi i III. c. *6.

SCHEDULE (F.) contin. • • duty. -linos continued. . ..	£. s. i„

och and every ciftem or kiln, in each and every salt houfe m his or her poffefiion in which focn bdhcfefhall be carried on	-	•	ijno	O

For anJ upoimrery licence to any perfon in the city ofDablio, or within the circular road Airrounding tkfone, or in the cities of Cork or Waterford, or in the city of Limerick, including that part rtereof called St. Francis’s Abbey, or in the cities or Kilkenny, Londonderry, or Armagh, or in the towns of Drogheda, Galway, Belfaft, Newry,

Dundalk, and Clonmel, or within two miles of the market houfe, or principal market place, or town houfe of any of the faid cities or towns, to brew ftrong beer, or ale, or fmall beer for falc, for each and every brewhoufe ufed by fucb perfon - JO o I For and upon every licence to any perfon to brew ftrong beer or ale, or fmall beer for fale, in any other place in Ireland, being a town corporate or borough returning any member to ferve in par*

Hamenr, for each and every brewhoufe ufed by

fuch perfon -	-	-	-	to O	•

For and upon every licence to any perfon in any other place in Ireland to brew ftrong beer or ale, or fmall beer for fale, for each and every brewhoufe ufed by foch perfon	-	-	-	-	io	0	O

for and upon every licence to any .perfon to keep any coffec-houfe -	-	%	-	-	*200

For and upon every licence to any perfon to fell by ao&ion within the diftrift of the metropolis, or within fix miles of the caftle of Dublin ~	*	too

For and upon every licence to any perfon to fell by auftion in any other part of Ireland *	-	> *	o 1-0 O

For and upon every licence to any perfon in Ireland, to make glafs bottles, and other vefTels or utenfils made of common bottle metal	*	•	x o O

For and upon every licence to any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading perfon going from place to place in Ireland, and travelling either on foot or.with horfe, or other beaft of burthe% nr otkrwife carrying to fell, or e*pofiog to fale, any goods, wares, or merchandize; alfo to travelling . . . tinkers, and caftcrs of iron and metal, anfl to pear-v t; fons hiking abput tea or coffee for fale *	-	t	f	d

And a farther duty for every horfe, or other beaft bearing or drawing burthen, which fuch perfon (hall foj travel, with,, or caufe to be ufed wr the purpofe'of carrying or drawing his, her, or their goods, wares, or merchandize •	200

METH£GLIM

Anno fegni quadragefimo quarfo GeoroiiIII. c-i6. [180

SCHEDULE (F.). lontivui.	dptv!

METHEGLIN OR MEAD.

For and upon every gallon of metheglin or mead - made in Ireland for fate, and after the lame rate for any greater or lefs quantity, to be paid by the makers thereof -	-	-	-	o	o

PAPER MANUFACTURE.

For and upon the feveral forts of paper herein-afW mentioned, which {had be made in Ireland, the feveral and refpedive duties following, to be paid by the makers of fuch papers rcfpc£Hvely:

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of paper fit or proper, or that may be ufed for, or applied to, the ufes and purpofes of writing, draw*

A ing, and printing, or any of them, and of all

elephant paper, and all cartridge paper -	*002

For every pound weight avoirdupois of ail coloured papers, and whited-brown papers, other than and except elephant and cartridge papers, fit or proper for the ufe or purpofes of wrapping up c goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being ufed for, or applied to, the ufes or purpofes-of writing, drawing, and printing, or any other of them -	-	-	-	-	o	o	I

Tor every pound weight avoirdupois of brown paper fit and proper for the ufe and purpofe of wrapping op goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being ufed for, or applied to, the ufes or purpofes of writing, drawing, and priming, or any of them, and of all button paper, or button board	-	-	O	o	o\

For every pound weight avoirdupois of paper fit or proper, t>r capable of being ufed for, or applied to, the ufes or purpofes of paper hangings	-	-	O	o	i

For every one hundred weight of pafte-boSrd, mBI-bdard, and feale-board, and paper commonly called by the name of fheating or (heathing paper - o io o And fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

For every one hundred weight or glazed paper fof clothiers and hot prefers	- ’ 1 - - 5	0

And fi> in proportion for any greater or lefe quantity.

For every pound Weight avoirdupois of every icrt or kind of paper not herein-before enumerated or * defetibed -	*	-	-	-002{

PAPER HANGINGS.

For and upon every fijuare yard'of papef wkich fhall be printed, painted1, or ‘flamed in Ireland, to fervp

for

18041} Any itgni quadragefono quarto Gsorgii IIL c. *6*

SCHEDULE (F.) cmtimnd. ,	'	duty.

Piper hangings, continued.	£.	j.	d.

for hangings or other ufcs, and lo in proportion for any greater quantity* to bf paid by thje. printer* punter* or ftafiner thereof	- - ~ - o . o	1

PLATE WROUGHT.

For and upon every ounce troy weight of gold or filler (date wrought, made, or manufactured in Ireland	-	-	-	-	-006

And fo in proportion for any greater or left weight.

MALE SERVANTS.

For every male- fervant who IhaQ be retained or employed by any perfon in Ireland at any time, in each and every year, from the 25th day of March 1804, the yearly Anns, duties, or taxes following, that is to lay:

For one male fervant -	-	-	*	-129

For two male Servants, each -	-	-	-	1	14	i£

For any number of male Servants exceeding two and not exceeding four, each -	-	-	-256

For any number of male fervants exceeding four and not exceeding Seven, each	-	-	-	2	16	io{

For eight male Servants, each -	*	*300

For nine male fervants, each	-	-	-383

For ten male Servants, each	-	-	- 3 10 O

To be paid by the perfon who (hall retain or employ fiich male fervant, or fervants, and to be paid for every male fervant who (hall be retained or employed in any of the following capacities, that is to fay: Maitre d’hot el, houfe fteward, matter of the horfc, groom of the chamber, valet de chambre, butler, under butler, clerk of the kitchen, con-fe&oner, cook, houfe porter, footman, running footman, coachman, groom, poftillion, gardener, not bring a day labourer, park-keeper, game-keeper, huntfman, or whipper-in, or by whatever name or names male fervants really a&ing in any of the faid capacities, fhall be called, or whether , fitch male fervants (hail have been or. (hall be retained or employed in one or more of the faid capacities, or in any other bufineft jointly With one or more of the feme*

SPIRITS. •

For and upon every gallon of aqua rkab, tttong waters, or (pints made or dittilled in Ireland, from malt, or from corn malted or unmaltcd, to be paid; by the firftmakcr or diftiller thereof - . .	0	3	«

For

128 Anno reghi quadfagelimo quarto Georgii III.hcw'sbhS^ [180

SCHEDULE (F.} continued.	puty,

SpiHttcontinued.	.	..	X*	s.

For and upon every galloo of fpirits made or diftilled from melafles in Ireland, to be paid by the firft ' maker or diftQler thereof "	-	•	-	-	-	O	45

SWEETS OR MADE WINES.

For and upon every barrel, containing thirty-two gallons, of all liquor for fale made in Ireland, by infuiton, fermentation, or otherwife, from fruit or fugar mixed with any other ingredients or materials, called fweets or made wines, and after the fame rate for any greater or lefs quantity to be paid by the refpe&ive makers thereof -	-50c

TOBACCO.

For and upon every pound weight of tobacco which (hall be manufactured in Ireland, in any manner, to be paid by the perfon manufacturing flic fame, or taking any part thereof out of the original package, and' to be paid for every pound weight contained in fuch package at the time when the fame (hall be opened -	-	-	-	-005

VELLUM AND PARCHMENT.

For and upon all vellum and parchment which Hi all at any time or times be made in Ireland, the re- . fpcCiive rates and duties hereinafter exprefled; that is to fay,

For and upon every dozen (kins of vellum -	-006

For and upon every dozen (kins of parchment	- 0 0 3

And proportionally for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch vellum and parchment, to be paid by the maker.

VINEGAR.

For and upon eyery barrel, containing thirty-two gallons of vinegar, vinegar beer, or liquors preparing for vinegar, brewed or made in Ireland for fale, and after the fame rate for any greater or lefc quantity, to be paid by the maker -	-	-	0	3	0

.. . WIND9W LIGHTS.

Upon and out of every dwelling-houfe or tenement in Ireland, inhabited or to be inhabited, at any time in eacH and every year, from the 25th day of March 1804,’ the refpeClive yearly rates and duties following, ^according to the number of windows or \ light* in fuch houfes or tenements refpe&iveiy..



Mir tf Windows	according to which	t/ball

k Am godYiarfy; and	the XtnrljRates thereon rtJpeSively.

SCHEDULE (F.J eon tinned.

n«,.ii:nik	1—:__

5 Windows or Lights			a	a •
6	Ditto		am	•
7	Ditto	•	.	.
1	Ditto		mm	m
9	Ditto		■ .	~ m
10	Ditto	mm	* .	•
11	Ditto	.m		am
11	Ditto		•	am
13	Ditto		am	m
>4	Ditto	•	m	mm
	Ditto		mm	-
16	Ditto		..	m
>7	Ditto	— *	•	-
18	Ditto		tm	m
*9	Ditto	•	%	* m
20	Ditto		•	m
21	Ditto		ft	am
22	Ditto	.		9 m
23	Ditto	*	•	m
H	Ditto	•	.	-
*5	Ditto		.a	‘ m am
26	Ditto		' .	am
27	Ditto	m	a.	m •
28	Ditto	m	m	to
29	Ditto	m	m	•
30	Ditto		m	•
3>	Ditto		m	at
32	Ditto		'm	-
33	Ditto	•m a	m m	-
34	Ditto		•	-
35	Ditto	m		•
3&	Ditto	mm		m
37	Ditto		a *	0 an
3*	Ditto	m	•	m
39	Ditto	m		m mm
¥>	Ditto	m	->	-
4«	Ditto	* a.	‘ m	•
41	Ditto	•	.	am
43	Ditto	•	•	m
44	Ditto		* »	m
45	Ditto	“ —	•	m
46	Ditto			
47	Ditto		-L	to
4«	Ditto	* —		to
49	Ditto	“ —		mm
V	01. XLV.			K

DUTY*		
£•	So	d.
O	4 *0}	
0	6	6
O	8	8
O	11	11
O	*5	2
O	18	5
X	1	8
X	7	7i
I	*3	7
I	*9	6 i
2  2	6  >3	u
3	0	
3	7	8 i
3 *4		9
4	3	S
4	12	1
5	0	9
5	9	5
5	18	1
6	8	11
6	11	z
6	*3	3
6	>S	5
6	n	7
7	8	5
7	10	7
7	12	9
7 *4		11
I	*7	1
8	7	11
8	10	X
8	12	3
8	»4	5
8	16	7
,9	9	7
•9 11		9
9	*3	11
9	16	1
9	18	3
JO	u	3
10	*3	S
- 10	*5	7
- 10 17		9
- *Q	*9	41

*3°



SCHEDULE (F.) continued* Window-Lights continued, viz.

For every Dwelling-Houfe, having

50	Windows or Lights -

51	.	Ditto	-

5*

53

54 5.

57

58

59

60

61 61

63

6+-

65

66

6 i

69

70

7*

72

73

74

a

is

81

8a

83

84 8 81 8

89

90

91 9*

93

94

95

96

Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto . Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

DUTY

£• *

-	11 12 1

-	11 15

-11 17

-	11 19

. 12	1

-	1* *4 :

-	12 16 c

-	12 18 it

-	13	1 1

-	*3 3 2

-	1316 j

-	13 *8 J

-	14 o 7

-	*4 » 9

-	*4 4 11

*	14 *7 »*

-	15 o 1

-	15 2 3

-	15 4 5

-	15 6 7

-	*5 *9 7

-	16 1 9

-	16 3 it

-	16 6 1

-	16 8 3

-	17 1 3

-	>7 3 S

-	17 5 7

-	17 7 9

-	17 9 11

•	18 in

-	18 S 1 18 7 3

-	18 9 S

. 18 11 7

i- *9 ♦ 7

.	19	6	9

-	19	8	11

-	19 11 »

1

-	19 1

-	20 -

-	20 8 5

-	20 10 7

20	I* 9

-	20 14 11

21	7 11

-	21 10 1

SCHEDULE (F.) cmtimud. Window-Light! continued, viz. for every Dwelling-Hoofe, having

97	Windows	or Lights	-	- ’
98	Ditto	..	•	•
99	Ditto	m		-
ICO	Ditto	•	•	m
191	Ditto	.	*	•
ia	Ditto	-	-	m
109	Ditto		•	.
M»	Ditto		.	
JOJ	Ditto	. -	-	m
106	Ditto	•	•	-
107	Ditto	•	.. • •	•
108	Ditto	m	m	•
109	Ditto	m	m	•
110	Ditto	m	-	•
III	Ditto			-
112	Ditto	•	• -	
II3	Ditto	-	•	-
»4	Ditto		-	•
»J	Ditto			m
116	Ditto		•	•
»7.	Ditto	•		m
118	Ditto	•	am am	m
“9	Ditto	m	m m	m
120	Ditto		m ' -	-
121	Ditto	M m	m a	m
122	Ditto		- -	-*
123	Ditto		•	-
124	Ditto	•	am •	
125	Ditto			
126	Ditto		•	-
127	Ditto		am m	
118	Ditto		«• m	•
'*9.	Ditto			.
130	Ditto	m	• m	•
131	Ditto	„ -	» m	- '
132	Ditto		•	am
>33	Ditto	•	•	-
>34	Ditto	•	•	am
J35	Ditto	«,*	. •	am
»36	Ditto	- «.	m m	-
•37	Ditto	m	am- am	-
'38	Ditto	m	•	-
'39	Ditto	m	« a.	«*
'4o	Ditto	m	m m	-
>4i	Ditto	m	-	m
'42	Ditto		m	a
Hj	Ditto	m		. m

xa

DUTY.		
£•	s.	i.
at	12	3
at	14	5
at	l6	7
aa	x9	4
23	1	0  8
23	3	
23	5	10
23	8	0
23	10	a
23	12	4
23 14		6
23	16	8
23	18	10
25	1	7
25	3	9
25	5	11
25	8	1
25	id	3.
25	12	5
25 14		7
25	16	9
2$	18	IX
26	X	X
27	3 10	
27	6	0
27	8	2
27	10	4
27	12	0  8
27	14	
27	16 10	
2l	*9	0
28	1	2
28	3	4
29	6  8	X
29		3
29	10	5
29	12	7
29	*4	9
29 16		11
29 19		1
30	X	3
3°	3	5
30	5	7
3*	8	4
3X	10	6  8
3*	12	
3*	14	10



*3* Anno rcgni quadragefimo quarto Gko&oii HI- c. a6. £1804!

SCHEDULE (F) <i*tiniu<L Window-Lights continued, viz..

For every DweNingyHoufc, having 144 Window* or Lights

*45

146

*47

1*8

*49

150 i$t

*5*

*53

*S4

151

156

*57 * S8 *59

160

161

162

*$3

■64

its

166

>47

>68

169

*70

*7*

»ya

*73

*74

I?i

$

179

180

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto-

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Di{to

Ditto-

Ditto.

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

<Ditt*

	DUTY.		
	£•	i.	d.
1	3*	*7	a
-	3*	*9	2
	3»	1	4
•	3*	3	6
w	3*	5	8
-	3*	7	to
	33	10	7
	33	12	9
«•	33 ‘4		IK
♦	33 *7		X
	33	*9	3
•f	34	1	5
T	34	3	7
w	34	5	9
T	34	7	11
*	34	10	1
+	3S	12	10
W	35	*5	0
T	35	*7	2
	35	*9	4
m	3&	1	6
UP	3*	3	8
<o*	3^	5	10
-	36	8	a
*	3$	10	2
-	36 12		4
m	37	*5	1
m	37 *7		3

Fon every JweUing-houfe, having ot* hundred and qjgjky-one windows or lights, and upwards, additional foe oacb-window or light	.

S

I

3!

38

38 -*2

38	*4

39	*7

*9

1

3

I

10

022

CAP.

Anno rtgni quadrtgcfimo quarto Georgit III. c. 13]

CAP. XXVII.

h t&br charging, until the twenty-fifth day tf March one then-fineeight hundred and five, certain tncreafti countervailing duties m tie importation, into Ireland, of the feVeral goods, want, and merchandize therein mentioned, being the growth, produce, or ma-nfeHure of Great Britain ; and for allowing incrtafed draw-tab on the exportation to Great Britain of the feveral articles therein mentioned, being the manufacture of Ireland.—[March 13, 1804-]

WHEREAS	by two	feveralafls, one pqffrd parSament£**{**1	.

tf Great Britain in tit	tbtity-nmth fortieth years tf rfthMwioii

lisprefiut Mtjtftjs nipt, and the fiber	puf hi tit Bri-

Irchod i* the fortieth year tf bit	faii Adafifly's reign, the aad tre-

/ Great Britain and Ireland, it is in and by article tf the knd- See Vh fad anion, amongfiother things, provided and	that

articles tf the	growth,	produce or manufacture tf either country, Ci jj_ ’	’

which are or may he fubjefl to interned slaor to duty on the Uriah tf which they are compefid, may mode fitbjtfl on the iopertotmu into tads country refpeflmeiy, from the other^ to matervitiing duty as Jball	apphar to ho jnfi and in

effitch haemal duty or duties on the materials; and that for the field psurptfet the. articles	Jpetifiedin certain the find

refptflivtiy annexed, Jball	he Jubjefl to the duties fit forth

in the Jdi3 fibeduhs. Sable to he taken off, dhnhnfhad, or incrtafed in wanner therein Aecified j add that upon the export tf ibe faii articles from each country to tkt other refpefl a drawback he given equal in amount to the countervailing duty payable filth articles on the import theretf into tho fame country from the j end tbit in	tike manner in future it frail be competent to the united

parliament to iatpofe any new or additional countervailing duties,'or la toko off or diminijb fiuhexifring countervailing duties, us may appear on like principles to he fifr akd reafohabie, in rtfreft of any future or additional internal duty on any,orticks tf the growth, product, or	manufafluretf either country, or tf any sum or additional

duty’onany materials tf which fitch article may he compofed, or tf any abatement tf duty on the fame j and that when any fitch new or adtitienal	countervailing	duty frail be ft impoftd on the import tf

coy article into either country from the other, a drawback equal m amount to fiuh, countervailing duty Jball he given in like manner on tie export tf every fitch article rtfpefliveiy from the fame country to the other :and whereas the duties payable in Ireland on the al Recital that articles rtfpefliveiy	mentioned and fit forth in the fcbedule marked jnlan<l .

(A.), hereunto annexed, being of toe growth, produce or manufaflure ilffreUnd'^ (/'Ireland, andalfo on the materials of which fiuh articles are re- have been fptflively compofed, have been incrtafed fince the pafftng ef the/aid increafed. railedaflt: and whereas the duties on the importation into Ireland ef the fivtral. and	rtfptfltve materials whereof, the feveral articles

refptQively mentioned aud fit forth in the fikedule marked (B.), hereunto	annexed,art compofed, have alfo been incrtafed fince the

pafftng ^

countervail* ing duties ought to be charged on like articles from Great Britain,

Increafed countervailing duties impofed on

134 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27. [(804.

That there- faffing of tbt faid recited ads ; and whereas it is juft and reafonablc fore additional l% Tijpefl thereof and purfuani to the faid recited provifions con-coun erva -*	in	the fetid ads* that new fir additional countervailing duties

Jhould be impofed on the like articles fetforth in the faidfebeiules (A.) and	being	the growth* produce, or manufacture of Great

Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, fufficient to coun-terhail refpedively fucb increafe of internal duty payable in Ireland, and of duty on the materials of which fuch goods* wares* and merchandize are or Jhall be refpedively comp fed: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemb)ed,.and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Any of March one thoufand eight hundred and four, until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, Britiftiarticles there fhall be granted,'raifed, levied, collcdled, and paid unto in fchedules his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, upon the feveral goods, imported into warcs>merchandize mentioned and fet forth in the fchcdulcs Ireland, until or tables refpedively marked (A.) and (B.) hereunto annexed, March *5, being of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, ,g°f*	imported	from	thence into Ireland* the feveral increafed coun-

tervailing duties which are refpedively deferibed and fet forth in words and figures in the feud fchedules or tables marked (A.) and (B.); which faid increafed countervailing duties are equal in amount to the countervailing duties payable on any of the faid goods, wares, and merchandize refpedively, underand by virtue of the faid recited ads for the union of Great Britain '	and Ireland, together with fuch new or additional duties as are

fufficient to countervail refpedively the increafe of internal duty payable in Ireland* and of duty on the materials of which fuch goods, wares, and merchandize are or (hall be refpcdtively compofed.

II.	And whereas it is juft and reasonable on account of the in-ereafed rate of the duties charged on the feveral articles Jet forth in the fcbedule or table marked (C.) hereunto annexed\ the growth^ produce, or manufacture of Ireland, and exported from thence to s Great Britain, that increafed drawbacks Jhould in rtfpeCl thereof '	be paid and allowed thereon\ be it therefore further enafted,

That, from and after the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufimd eight hundred and four, until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, there (hall be paid and allowed on the exportation of the faid feveral articles fet forth in the fchedule or table marked (C.) hereunto y, . . annexed, from Ireland to Great Britain, the feveral and r?-Great Britain. fpc£jvc increafed drawbacks as the fame are refpedively deferibed and fet forth in words and figures in the fchedule or table hereunto annexed, marked f C.): provided always, that the faid increafed drawbacks refpedively (hall not be paid unless and until all the Jules, regulations, reltridions, and conditions

required

Increafed drawbacks granted (in refped of increafed duties) on exportation to

iHf)Ando Kgni quadragefimo qtfctrto GEdxorrlll. c. 27.	135:

repM by law, with refpeA to drawbacks payable on the exportation of the faid feveral articles fct forth in the fchedule o/wMetnarked (C.) hereunto annexed,, (hall have beet)'fully sai duly complied with.

Ill* And be it further enaAed, That all monies arifing by Duties (hall be . Ac duties impofed by this aA (the nfcceflary charges of railing canied to ud accounting for the fame being deducted), (hall be carried fond" to aid made pfert of the Gonfolidatedfund of Inland.

fP. And be it further <naAcd>That neither the fum of No pay* fixpcact per pound por any other,fee (hall be payable to or™*# dedu&ed or received by any officer or officers of the treafury of kekmit fdr or on account of the iffixing or payment of any Am or fums of money arifing by or which fhall be received for or on account of the aids hereby granted.

V.	And be it further enaAed, That the feveral duties hereby granted, and the drawbacks which maybe paid and allowedfljjjiibema-uadcr and by virtue of this a A, (hall be paid and payable, and Daged as under received and receivable in Irijb currency; and (hall and* may former be managed, ascertained, raifed, leyied, eolleAed, anfwercd, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in the fame manner and under fuch powers and authorities, and by filch ways and -methods^ and according to. fuch rules and dircAionr, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures as are appointed, directed, and exprefled for the Taifingreollo&tAg, levying, paying, and managing of duties payable on goods, wares, and merchandise, imported into and expected from Ireland, in and by . an aA of parliament made in Ireland, in the fourteenth and fifteenth of his !?re majefty King Charles the Second, intituled.

An a8 for the fettling tie excife or new impoft upon his Majefty,, his heirs and Juccejfors, according to the book of rates therein inserted* or by any other aA or a As in force in Ireland relating no the revenue .of cuftoms and excife, or either of them, as fully and effedually to all intents and purpofes as if the fame were herein exprefled and enaAed, with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties aggrieved, as in and by the (aid la(K mentioned aA, pafled in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his faid late majefty King Charles the Second, or any other aA or a As as aforefaid is provided.

Vh And be it enaAed, That this aA may be amended. Aft may fo varied, altered, or repealed, by any aA to be paifcd in the pre- Altered this feat feffion of parliament.	fcflion.



The

136 Annoregni quaingeflmo quarto GsOkou III. c. *7. [1804.

The SCHEDULES referred to by this A

Schedule (A.)

Increafed Countervailing Duties of Excife payable on the In. portation from Great Britain into Ireland of certain Articles

of the Growth) Produce; ot Manufe&ure of Great Britain.

) '

purr.

BEER.	£.	s. d.

For and upon every barrel of beer or ale, con. taining thirty-two gallons, brewed or made in Great Britain -	-	-	-	-05	3$

And fo in proportion for any greater or left quantity.

SPIRITS.

For and upon every gallon of fpirits, being of the manuh&Ore of Great Britain -	-	-	O	4	5A

Schedule (B.)

Increafed .Countervailing Duties of Cudoms payable on the Importation from Great Britain into Ireland of certain Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain.

DUTY.

SILK MANUFACTURES.	£.	1.	J,

For and upon 'all fitks, being of the manufa&ure of Great Britain, and imported dire&Iy from thence, the following duties, viz.

For and -upon every pound weight thereof, containing 16 ounces,

Of all ribbons and fluffs of filk only	-	-026;

Of all fUk and ribbons of filk mixed with gold or filver -	.	-034

Of all filk dockings, filk gloves, filk fringe, filk laces, ftitching and fewing filk -	-	•	o	1	6{

Of all manufactures of filk not otherwife enumerated or defcribed -	-	-	-	-020'

Of all fluffs of filk and grogram yarn	-	*007;

Of all (luffs of filk mixed with incle or cotton - 0 0 iOf Of all duffs of filk and worded mixed -	-	O	0	5

Of all duffs of filk mixed with any other material o 0 If And fo in' proportion for any greater or left quantity.

DOTY.

SUGAR REFINED.	£.	1.	d.

Of die manufacture of Great Britain, and im-porrwl diredHy from thence, the following duties,

**.

For and upon every hundred weight thereof, containing 112 lbs.

Ofafl fugar called Beftards, whole or ground * 1 3 tb Qfaflfoear called Lumps -	■	-	-	2	4	8i

Of all fugar celled Single Loaf Sugar	-	-	2	7	8

Of all fugar called Powder Loaf.and Double Loaf	a	it

OfflH fugar called Sugar Candy Brown	-	'•	1	4	8i

Of all fugar called Sugar Candy White	-	-	2	11	nf

Of all fugar refined of any other fort	-	••an	a

And fo in proportion for any greater or left quantity.

• Schedule (C.)

Increafed Drawbacks'to be paid and allowed on certain Articles, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, exported from thence to Great Britain.

DRAWBACK.

BEER.	t.

For and upon every barrel of beer or ale, containing thirty-two gallons, brewed or made in Great Britain, and fo in proportion for any greater or Iris quantity	-	-	-	-	- 053}

SILK MANUFACTURES.

For and upon all lilies, being of the manufacture of Ireland, the following drawbacks, viz.

For and upon every pound weight thereof, containing 16 ounces.

Of all ribbons and (tuffs of (ilk only	-	-026*

Of all filk and ribbons of (ilk, mixed with gold er fdver .-	-	-	•	-	"034

Of all filk (lockings, .filk gloves, (ilk fringe, filk laces, ditching and fewing filk -	-	-016$

Of all manufactures of filk not othertoife enumerated or deferibed	-	-	•	-	o 2 or.

Of all (toffs of filk or grogram yarn	-	-007$

Of all (tuffs of filk mixed with inde or cotton -00 10$ Of all fluffs of filk and worlted mixed -	-805

Of all (tuffs of filk mixed with any other material 00	71

And fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

138 Annoregniquadragelirno quarto Gborgu III* c. *8. [1804^

SPIRITS.	DRAWBACKS.

£. S. d.

For and upon every gallon of fpirits, being of the manufacture of Ireland -	-	-	-	o 4 5^r

" SUGAR REFINED.

Of the manufacture of Ireland, the following drawbacks, viz.*

For and upon every hundred weight thereof, containing 11 albs.

Of all fugar called Baftards, whole or ground - 1	3	ro

Of all fugar called Lumps -	-	-	- 2	4	8i

Of afl fugar called fingle Loaf Sugar -	-27	8

Of all fugar called Powder Loaf and Double Loaf - 2 11	2i

Of all fugar called Sugar Candy Brown -	-2.4	8;

Of all fugar called Sugar Candy White -	-	- 2 11	2i

Of all fugar refined of any other fort -	-	-211	21

And fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft for granting to his Majefty a duty upon malt made in Ireland, for the yeat one thoufand eight hundred and four.—[March 23* ,	.	1804.]	>

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ in parliament aflembled, towards raifirig the necefiary fupplies 10 defray your Majefty’s publick expences in Ireland, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unro your Majefty the duty hereinafter mentioned; and do moft humbly befecch your Majefty that it may be enaCted, and be it enaCled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That within and through that part of the united kingdom called Ireland\ there (hall be raffed, levied, colle&ed, paid, and fatisfied unto and to the uie of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, for and upon all malt made in Ireland, the duty hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay,

Duty on malt For and upon every barrel of malt, ground or unground, which at any time or times from and after the twenty-fourth day of barrel 7	^arc^ onc thoufand eight hundred and four, and before the twenty-

fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred'and five, dull be made of barley or any other corn or grain in Ireland by any per-fon or perfons whatfoever (whether the fame (hall be or nor be for falc), the fum of (even (hillings and feven-pence Irijb currency,

and

rioi) Aooo legal qoadragefimo quarto Gsoaoti III. c. &8.	139

and & proportionably for a greater or lefs quantity, to be paid ' tyjkoaker or makers thereof refpedively.

I II. And be it further enaded, That tl>e faid duty by this ad Duty (hall be looted (hail be raifed, levied, colledcd, and paid untp his Ma- ^uuSons of ; jdty, bis heirs and fuccefibrs, during the time and term aforefaid, a#g 37 Geo.3*

; kuhe bine manner, and under fuch powers and authorities, and (I.) c. 33. by &b ways and means, and according to fuch rules, regular 40 Geo. 3. (I.) ties,and directions, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures in ill mpeds as are appointed, directed, and exprefled for the rai- J. 9s. 3#

Hag, Jurying, col led mg, paying, and managing his MajeAy's revenue upon malt, in and by a certain ad, made in the parliament of Inkedin the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent J&jefty, intituled. An aft for cilltfiing and /wiring bis Majejlys tame upon malt 1 and in and by a certain other ad made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his pitfatMajefty, to amend and continue the faid ad of the rhirty-fcvrnth year; and in and by an ad made in the parliament of the United Kingdom in the forty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An all to amend the alls now in force for jawing the coUeQian of the revenue upon malt$ and for regulating the trait of 0 diftiller in Ireland; and in and by any other ad or ads of parliament, in and by the faid ads or either of them referred	»

onto, or any of them.

III.	And be it further enaded, That all monies arifing from an* wied tbeduty hereby granted, (the necefiary charges of collcding and

paying the fame being deduded), (hall be carried to and made part of the confol (dated fund of Ireland.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That there (hall be paid to Drawback 00 every pcrlon who (hall export malt from Ireland, on which the Jj™, , duty payable thereon (hall have been fully paid and fatisfied, a *** * drawback of all duty charged and adually paid thereon; and to On beer 51. every perfon who (hall export Arong beer or ale from Ireland,> a per barrel, drawback or allowance of five (hillings Irijb currency, for every

thirty-two gallons of fuch Arong beer or ale, which'drawback (hall be paid by the collcdor of the port from which fuch malt or beer or ale Hull be exported, out of any money in his hands: provided, that no fuch drawback (hall be paid or allowance of duty made, enfeft the perfons refpedively, who export fuch malt or beer or ale, lbaJl have performed fuch requiiites, and complied with fuch regulations and reAri&ions as are required to be performed and obferved by perfons exporting any article whereon any drawback or bounty is payable for obtaining the fame.

V.	And be it further enaded. That on all Arong beer and ale. Bounty of brewed, in Ireland,, and which (hall be (hipped for exportation to l4*9*P*Tbar* any place except Great Britain, there (hall be allowed and paid Jjxportcd^

to the perfen or perfons exporting fuch Arong beer or ale, made when the price no oily from malt the growth or produce of Ireland, when rhe of bailey price of barley, ascertained in the manner fpecified in an ad pafled (under ay *4. in Inland in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of ^*8 exo S under pe:cnt Majefty*s reign,’intituled, An aft for regulating the corn

trade

SPIRITS*	DRAWBACKS.

'	£- 1. d.

For and upon every gallon of fpirits, being of the manufacture of Ireland -	-	-	-045^

SUGAR REFINED*

Of the manufacture of Ireland, the following draw* backs, viz.

For and upon every hundred weight thereof, containing ii2lbs.

Of all fugar called Baftards, whole or ground - r 3 10 Of all fbgar called Lumps -	-	-	- 2 4 8}

Of afl fugar called Angle Loaf Sugar -	-278

Of ail fugar called Powder Loaf and Double Loaf - 2 11 2! Of all fugar called Sugar Candy Brown -	- 2. 4 81

Of all fugar .ailed Sugar Candy White -	-	-2112}

Of all fugar refined orany other fort •	-	- 2 11 it

And fo in proportion for any greater or lets quantity.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft for granting to his Majefty a duty upon malt made in Ireland, fir the yeat one tboufand eight hundred and four.—[March 231 . 1804.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty** moil dutiful and loyal fubjeCb, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Inland in parliament aftembfed, towards railing the neceflary fupplies 10 defray your Majefty** publick expences in Ireland, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unro your Majefty the duty hereinafter mentioned; and do moil humbly bcfeech your Majefty that it may be enaCted, and be it ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent majefty,' by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That within and through that part of the united kingdom called fa-land, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, paid, and fatisfied unto and to the ule of his Msiefty, his heirs and fbcceftbrs, for and upon all malt made in Ireland^ the duty hereinafter mentioned ; that is to fay,

Duty on malt For and upon every barrel of malt, ground or unground, which at any c*me or **mes fr°m aru* a^tcr f^c twenty-fourth day of barrel 7 ^	one thoufand eight hundred and four, and before the twenty-1

fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, Dull be made of barley or any other corn or grain in Ireland by any per-fou or perfons whatfoever (whether the fame (hall be* or nor be for fale),the fumof (even (hillings and feven-pence Jr#& currency,

and 1

itotjAaao regnrquadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 29.	141

Mos payment of foch countervailing duty as aforefaid, be in* daotScd againft any fine or penalty in refpeft of fuch importa-h»;iay thing in any aft or afts in force in Ir^land^ to the con-ftry thereof notwithftanding.

LLAnd be it further enabled. That this aft may be amended, Aft why he ahstdyor repealed, by any aft or ads to be pafled in this prefent thli (efien of parliament.

CAP. XXIX. .	!

Aid for permitting* until the fifth day of May one thoufand eight kindred and five, the importatton of bidet, calve fkins, horns, tattow, end wool9 (except cotton wool)) in foreign Jhtps, on payment of the Me duties at if imported in BritiQi or Irifh finpu—[March 23,	»

1804.]

WHEREAS is is expedient that his Majefty by order in council\ and in Ireland, that the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor trimmers and the privy council in Ireland, fhould be authorifed to permit for a limited time, the importation of any hides or pieces of hides, drefti 'or vndrejffed) cahe fkins or pieces of calve fkins, drejfed or un-irtfei, boms or pieces of horns, tallow, and wool\ (other than and ttety cotton wool), to be imported in any foreign fhip or veffet into the United Kingdom; be it thereforeenafted by the King’s mod ex-cellcnt majefty, by and with the advice and eonfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament rfcmbfcd, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and Hides, See. may be lawful for his Majefty by order in council, and in Ireland?*** b7 for the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors and IDi^rtcS in Ac privy council in Ireland, by order in council,from time to time, foreign vdBels^ when and as often as the fame (hall be judged expedient, to per- &c. mit, until the fifth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and five, any hides, pieces of hides, drefled or undrefled, calve (kins or pieces of calve (kins, drefled or undrefled, horns or pieces of horns, tallow, dnd wool, (except cotton wool), to be imported in any foreign (hip or vcflel, and to be admitted to entry in any	f

port or place in the United Kingdom on payment of fuch and (he like duties of jouftoois and excife as arc due and payable on the like goods when imported in any Britijh or hijb built (hip or vcflel; any thing contained in any aSt to the contrary notwith-fending.

11. And be it further enafted. That all fitch goods, wares, and fubfeft to the merchandize, when fc imported as aforefaid, (hall bis fubjeft to regulations all rules, regulations, and conditions, and to all penalties and W<*wted by forfeitures for the breach thereof, to which they would have been 9 liable and fubjeft, if they had been imported into Great Britain or Ireland) according to any law or laws in force at the time of the palling of this aft.

‘C A fc

*42	Annorfgniquadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 30. [1804.

CAP. XXX.

Ah aft to rtvivi and continue, iwr//Y r/jAf months after the ratificotm of a definitive treaty of peace, an nwdr in /£* forty-ficni year of his prefent Majefty, for repealing feveral afts relating ts the aamiJJSon of certain articles of merchandize in neutral fmft, and to the {filling orders in council for that purpofe, andfor makiq other provifionsin lieu thereof; and afo to indemnify all perjw who have been concerned in tuning or carrying into execution ordtri \ of council for permitting the importation of certain goods from America in neutralfbips*—[March 23, 1804.]

WHEREAS an aft paffed in the forty-ft cond year tf the nip of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for repealing feveral *• la	alls made in the thirty-fifth, thirty-fixth, and thirty-ninth ani

fortieth years of the reign of hh prefent Majefty, relating to the admiflion of certain articles of merchandize in neutral (hips, and "to the iffuing of orders in council for that purpofe, and tor j making other provifions in lieu thereof, to continue until the firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four; wt'ub aft, fo far as relates to the allowing importations into Great Britain under orders of council, and into Ireland under the orders of*M lord-lieutenant and council there, of any goods or commodities tbe produce of any part of any territories, pojjejjions, or countries, net wiitr the dominion of bis Majefty, on the continent of America, or i* tht Weft Indies, under the regulations and reftriftions therein nuntutU, was to continue in force until tbe firjl day of January one tfmjmi eight hundred and four, and no longer: and whereas it is exptdirt that tbe faid aft,fo far as tbe fame relates to importations into Great Britain and Ireland in /hips or veffils belonging to ptrfons ef on country in amity with his Majefty Joould be revived and mtinm\ be it therefore enaded by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with 'the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, ani Recited ad, by the authority of the fame, That tbe faid recited ad and all fofarasre- the powers and provifions therein contained, fo far as relates to |****A? importations into Great Britain under orders in council, and loodt in° °* bu° Ireland under the orders of the lord lieutenant and council neutral vtf. there, from any territory, poflefiion, or country, not under the Ids, revived* dominion of his Majefty, on the continent of America, or in the Weft Indies^ of any goods or commodities whatsoever, the produce of fuch territories, pofleffions, or countries, in (hips or veflcls belonging to perfons of any country in amity with his Majefty, fhaU, from and immediately after tbe palling of this ad, be revived, and the lame is and'are hereby revived, and dull continue in full force and effed from and immediately after the pafting of this ad until eight months after the ratification of * definitive treaty of peace.

II.	And whereas by feveral orders in council, American fnpu with their cargoes, have, fence the firft day of January one tbsufsnl eight hundred and four, been admitted to entry at the ports London

sii

1804.] Anno rtgni quad ragefirno quarto Georgii IILc. 31,32. 143 end Liverpool, under the rejlrtitions and regulations in the /aid aQ Perfons con-mimtd\ be it further enafted, That all fuch (hips ana veflels with their cargoes, (hall be exempted from forfeiture on ac- Jrfcoundffor count of being fo admitted to entry, and all perfons who have adraiflion of been concerned in advifing or iffuing fuch orders, or who (hall American hare afted or (hall aft in purfuance of or according (o fuch ynjer the^re-orders in council, (hall be and are hereby indemnified.	gulations^f

recited a&,

CAP. XXXI.	indemnified.

Ajjadfor railing the further film of two millions by loans or exchequer-bills, on the credit of fuch aids or fupplies as have been or (hall be granted by parliament for the fervice of Great Britain, - for the year one thoufandeight hundred and four.—[March 13,1804..]

Trcafury may raife a,000,000/. by loans or exchequer-bills in like manner as is prefoioed by the malt aft of this feffion, See, Exchequer-bills to bear an intereft not exceeding 3d, %q. per cent, per diem j and, if not paid out of the fupplies for 1804. they (hall be received in payment* for tajes in four months after their date. Not to be received in payment of any taxes until payable. Claufes, See, in the malt aft, c. 16. relating to exchequer-bills, extended to this aft. Bank of England authorifed to advance 1,000,000/. on the credit of this aft.

CAP. XXXII.

An all fir empowering his Majffiy, for a time and to an extent therein limited, to accept the jervices of fuch parts of his militia forces in Ireland as may voluntarily offer tkemfehes to be employed in Great Britain.—[May 3, 1804.]

WHEREAS divers of his Majefly*s militia regiments in Ireland, in order to evince their ardent and affectionate zeal for bis Majefly $ fervice, and for the general interefls anti fecurity of the United Kingdom, have, by their officers, non-commtffioned officers, and privates, voluntarily offered their fervices to be employed in Great Britain: and whereas it may materially conduct to the general interefls and fecurity of the United Kingdom, that bis Majejly fhouli be enabled to avail oimfelf of this dijlinguifbed proof of the attachment and public i fpiritof bis militia forces of Ireland; be it therefore enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afletribled, and by the au» thorny of the fame, That fo much of any aft or afts relating to So much of* the militia of Ireland, or of any other aft or afts now in force in “yeS* P*®-Inland, as prohibits the carrying out of Ireland the militia forces thereof, (hall, during the continuance of this aft, be fufpended, roij[^a in fo for only as may relate to any part of the faid forces, not Ireland fuf-exceeding in the whole ten thouiand men, whom his Majefty P«®<kd wit* may think proper to permit to ferve in Great Britain, in con- ” 000 men* fequence of fuch voluntary offer as may have been, or during whofe volun-the continuance of this aft (hall be, made by any men now tary offer to enrolled, or hereafter to be enrolled in the fame militia to ferve ^ryc?n®reat in Great Britain during the continuance of this aft, and duly mar

certified accept *

Voluntary offer to be binding.

Continuance of aft, See.

144 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto GsoRon III# c. 33. £1804.

Offer to be certified by their commanding officers: provided always, that, voluntary. previous to certifying fuch offer, fuch commanding officer (hall nave explained to the perfons making the fame, that the fame, if made, is purely voluntary on their parts, and that no perfon ferving in the militia of Inland can be compelled to make fuch offer, or to engage to ferve out of Ireland, except by his own No drawing con fen t fo fignifted: provided alfo, that no county, city, town, %? 6,1or place in Ireland^ (hall, during the continuance of this ad, be foch'force is drawn to fill any vacancy prifing from the death, defertion, or Serving out of difcharge of any fuch non-commifiioned officer, drummer, or Ireland. foldicr, belonging to fuch militia forces, whilft ferving out of Ireland.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That all fuch voluntary offers of fervice as aforefaid (hall be deemed and taken to be binding upon all perfons making the fame, during the continuance of this a£t, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

, III. And be it further eua&ed, That this aGt (lull continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufynd eight hun* dred and fix, and may be altered or repealed in this feffion of parliament.

C A P. xxxm.

An all far empowering his Majefty to dir ell'the augmentation of hit militia forces in Ireland, to an extent therein limited.—[May 3, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the mere effi&ual defense rfthe United Kingdom, to vejl in the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time beings a difcrctionarj power, during theprefent war> to augment the militia of Ireland; be it therefore enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by pnd with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, fVom and after the palling of this adfc, it (hall and may be lawful for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being to iflue his orders to any colonel or commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of the militia of Ireland, to enrol and receive into fuch regiment or battalion fuch volunteers as (hall offer to ferve in the faid militia, and fuch number as (hall be from time to time necefiary toiuppiy any vacancies in the fame, by death, defer non, or lawful dtfeharge.

II.	Provided always. That the ftrengih of any regiment or battalion of militia wall not exceed one hundred rank and file for company, with the ufiul proportion of commiffioiied or non-commiffioned officers j nor (ball any additional company be added to any reghnent or battalion of militia.

IJL And bo it further coaded. That the warrant of the lord* lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, directed to the colonel or commanding officer of

any

Lord-lieutenant may or* dcr commanding officers of militia to cn-rol volunteers.

No company to exceed too itten, nor any additional company added to any regiment. Warrants to commanding officers to ex-pi els tha

1804.I Aand regni qiiadragefimo quarto Georoii III. c. 33.	143

sny regiment or battalion, (hall fpecify the precife number of numbers to mznftr company to be enrolled and received into the faid regi- beraifcd. n*nt or battalion,'

IV.	And be it further cradled, That upon fuch order oV On receiving orders being iflued as aforefaid, the feveral colonels or other ordm9 commanding officer or officers of fuch regiments (hall, from offiUw^to 15 time to time, immediately after the receipt of fuch order or proved to onkrs, proceed to enlift and enrol within their refpeflive county, enlift volun-or rounty of a city, fuch volunteers, being able-bodied men,

e/iafly refident within fuch refpeftive counties, and not being

hts than five feet and two inches in height, and not more than 4/f	*

fom-five years of age, a9 can be procured, giving to each man,

by way ot bounty, any fum or Turns, and in fuch proportions,

and payable at fuch time or times, as the lord-lieutenant dr

other dhief governor or chief governors of Ireland for the time

being, may from time to time dired, not exceeding in the

whole the fum of four guineas per man.

V.	Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That it (hall not be Nolargcrfum bwful to or for any colonel or other commanding officer or officers J-oimtteers ** of any regiment of militia, orto or for any other perfon or perfons than (hall be whatsoever on his or their behalf, to advance or give, or to en- dire&cd. gage or promife to advance or give, for the purpofe of inducing

any man to enrol himfelf as a volunteer, any larger or greater fum of money, or arty other largefs, bounty, or reward, than fuch fum or Aims of money as mall be fo ordered by the lord-lieutenant, or other thief governor or chief governors of Ireland for the time being, in manner aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That every man fo enrolled Men enrolled, (hall take and fubferibe the following, oath, in the prefence of to take the . fome one governor, deputy governor, juftice of the peace, or following magistrate, afling in and for the county, city, or place, to which

the regiment, battalion, or corps, in which he (hall be enrolled,

(hall belong:

11 T A. B. dofincerely promife and fwear, That I will be faith* oath.

X ful and bear true allegiance to his majefty King George the Third, and that I will faithfully ferve in the militia within that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the defence of the fame, duriog the term of Ave years, for which I am enrolled, or for fuch further time as the militia (hall remain embodied, if, within the fpace of five years, his Majefty Qiall order and diftli the militia to be drawn out and * embodied, unlefs I (hail be fooner difcharged.”	'

VII.	And be it further enadled, That in cafe any vacancies Volunteers (hall occur in the faid militia by death, defertion, or lawful dif- may be en-charge, it (halt and may be lawful for the feveral colonels, or

other commanding officers 6f the feveral regiments to procure and vacanc! enrol, from time to time, volunteers to fill up any vacancies which (hall happen by ftich death, defertion, or dtfeharge, and to pay to fuch volunteer fuch fum or fums* and in fuch propor-Vqi,. XLV.	L	tions.

Volunteers (Si enrolled to be contidercd mitttu-j

146 Anno regni quadragefuno quarto Georgh III. c. 33. {1804.

tioos, and payable at fuch time or times, as the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or chief governors of Ireland for the time being, may dire#, in manner aforefaid \ and that every ...	fuch	volunteer enrolled for the purpofe of fupplying vacancies as

aforefaid, (hall refpeftively take and fubferibe the oath herein* before recited to-be taken by volunteers to be enrolled by virtue of this aft, and in manner herein-before exprefled.

VIII.	And be it Author enafted, That all volunteers fo enrolled, (hall, from the date of their atteftations, be confidercd and are hereby declared to be militia-men, to all intents and purpofes, and ball receive the fame pay, be entitled to the fame allowances, and be fubjeft to all the laws and regulations which now are or may hereafter be in force in Ireland, with refpeft to any militia-man who (hall have voluntarily enrolled himfclf in the faid militia of Ireland; and that the wives and families of fuch militia>men (haU be entitled to relief, in all cafes, in the fame manner as the wives and families of militia-men are entitled under and by virtue of -an aft, pafled in the lad firffion of parliament, intituled. An all to make provifion, in certain cafes, far the wives and /amities of ballotted men,fuhJUtutes, and volunteers ferving in the militia of Ireland j and alfp, that all and every the rules, regulations, claufes, provifions, matters, and things, contained ia any aft in force with refpeft to the militia of Ireland, and in any aft for the punilhment of mutiny and defertion, ball be applied to, and extend in as full force in refpeft to any perfon who (hall be enrolled as a militia-man under and by virtue of the prefent aft, as to any perfon who has been enrolled as fuch by virtue of the provifions in- any other aft or afts ia force relating to the militia of Ireland.

IX* Provided always, and be it enafted. That if' any deputy governor of any county, town, or city in Ireland, (hall happen, previous to the pafimg of this aft, to have received into 'the militia more men than theeftablifhment previous to the palling of this aft amounted to, fuch men (hall be deemed militia-men to ail interns and puroofes, and (hall be entitled to pay from the date of their refpeftive enrolments, and to the bounty aforefaid; and (hall be fet down to the account of fome pari(h, townland, or (ubdiviilon, in like manner as perfons voluntarily offering thpmfclves to ferve are direfted to be fet down by any aft or in force relating to die militia of Ireland.

X. And be it further enafted. That, for the purpofes aforc-

4* Geo.* c- 14a*

Where more meiiiiave been received into the militia than the eftabliih-mstat amounted to previous to this aft, fuch to be deemed noifi-tia-meiL

JLord Jieute-

wlU11?! faid, it (hall and may be lawful for the lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, from time to time, during the continuance of this aft, to iffue his order or orders to :the lords-commiffioners of the treafury of Ireland, requiring them to advance, from time to time, any fuch Aim or Aims of money as the faid lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors as aforefaid may by fuch order or orders direft, and pay to the feveral colonels, or other commanding officer or officers of the different regiments of militia in Ireland, any fum or fpma of money, not exceeding the rate of four '	.	guineas.

orders to the treasury to pay to commanding of. din the bounties allowed.

ifctyj Anno reghi qtoadragefimo qtlarto Georgii til. c. 34.'	147

pineai, for every private man that may be from time to time fo

enrolled.

XI. And be it further enafted* That the faid feveral colonels, *

or other commanding officer or officers, (ball keep or caufe to be kept true and regular entries of the names, additions, places pje8 tf cntries of refidcnce, parifh, and other defer ipt ion I, of the perfons they of the names till enrol as aforefaid, and the feveral fuma they (hall advance and deferip-adpiyto fuch perfons refoeftively, and (hall tranfmit regular ft^^SclUid CDp«of/uch entries, certified by them refpeftively, as well as of the 9 ij the adjutant and paymafter, or clerk of the regiment, batta- Alms paid to lion, or corps refpeftively, to the office of the chief fecretary of them, to the the hid lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors as ?hief f<crc* aferefcid.	tuT\

XIL Provided always* and be it enabled, That nothing in Counties, kc. this a& contained (hall be conftrued to charge any county, "hargedwith county of a town, or city in Inland, with filling up vacancies the expener occafioned by the death, difeharge, or defertion of fuch volun- for the filling leers as may have been or may be received in the militia fervice JP vacancies, under or by virtue of this aft; it being the intention of this aft a£ unUar that the men fo enrolled in addition to the eftablilhment of the mdiiia of Ireland, fhould be raifed and kept up without any charge being made on the counties whatfoever.

XXII. And be it further enafted, That this aft may be Aft maybe amended, altered, or repealed, by any aft to be pafied in this J* preltnt fcffioa of parliament.	ffiL

CAP. XXXIV.

An afi to amend an aSfy pajfei in the lafi fejfton of parliament, for making provifson for the wives and families of militia-men of Irc-hnd.--{May 3, 1804.]

WHEREAS an all was pajfed in the lajlfejjton of parliament,

intituled, An aft to make provifion, in certain erfes, for 4*	V

the wives and families of baliotted men, fubftitutes, and volun- c* teers ferving in the militia of Ireland ; and whereas it is expedient ts emend the faid all, fo far as relates to the families of baliotted men tmlki before the day herein-after mentioned; be it therefore enadedby the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com* moos, in this prefent parliament afletnbled, and by the authority of the fame. That the families of all fuch men as m^y have Families of been chofen by lot to ferve, and (hall have been enrolled and militia-men aftually ferving in their own proper perfons in the faid militia rweive the ° of Ireland on or before tne firft day of November in the year one weekly al-thoufand eight hundred and three, (hall be entitled to, and (hall lowances receive, during the abfence on aftual fervice of any fuch man heron-men-refpeftively, the weekly allowances following; that is to fay, oTSiofcmei^ after the rate of one (hilling for every child born in wedlock tioned in re-and under the age of ten years, and of two (hillings for the wife cited aft. of fuch man, wtiether he (hall or (hall not have any child or children, provided (he does not follow the regiment; which

L 2	allowances

>43

Weekly a1-low nice nr.t to exceed the film htma« mcutioned.

Qnsrter (Vf-

Anno regnt quadragefimo quarto G eoHoii IIT. c. 34. \ f 804.

allowances (haH* be in lieu of the allowances in the faid recited a& mentioned, and (hall be paid in the manner, and fubjeft to the conditions, rules, and regulations in the faid recited ad mentioned and contained, with refpeft to the allowances in the faid recited a & mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it enaded, That the wife of any militia-man, fo ordered on adhial fervice, (hall not be entitled to the aforefaid weekly allowance of one (hilling for each child, for mere than two children; and in cafe there (hall be no wife of ftich militia-man living, the weekly allowance to the children of filch militia, man (hall not exceed the film of four (hillings in the whole.

_	III,	And	be	it further enafled, That it (hall be lawful for the

font m,y or- juftjccs at any quarter feflions of the peace in Ireland, where it tifbe rnTde**8	appear to them, by examination in open court upon oath,

the father htu!	the father or mother of any fuch militia-man fo having

mother,&c. of been chofcn by lor, and fo enrolled and ferving at or before the mditja-nuti, 1jmc hcrein-betore mentioned, or any fiftcr or brother of fuch prar^tlfey^"	under	ten years, have been entirely or chiefly

nave been hip- fuppurted by his induftry, and were part of his family, refuient ported by hu . wiih him at the time of his b.’ing fo chofen by lot, to order a mduftiy. weekly allowance to fuch man’s family after the rate of one fhdJing for each fuch brother or fitter, and of two (hillings for fuch father and two (hillings for fuch mother, to be paid in like manner, and fubje& to the like conditions, rules, and regulations, as the allowances to the wife and children of fuch miliiia-tmn are by die faid recited a& directed to be paid; cxclufive of any allowance which may have been ordered by virtue of this ad, for h s wife or children, if he (hall have any.

IV.	And be it further enadled. That if the treafurer of any county, county of a town or city, (hall have advanced any money to the families of militia-men, conformable to the provifions of any of the acts, or parts of a<5ts repealed by the faid recited ad; any treafurer and (hall produce to the collector of his Majefty’s excife for the the county difiriift in which the (hire town of fuch county, or fuch town or Hei ^mVhtVa whereof he is treafurer (hall be (ituate, an account of the fdine verified by his own oath together with a certificate from the colonel or other commanding-officer of the regiment or battalion to which fuch militia-man (hall have belonged or may belong, fetting forth that he has examined the faid account, and believes it to be true, every fuch collector (hall, within three months after the patting of this a&, repay the amount fofworn to and certified to fuch treafurer, out of any publick money in his hands; and the fums fo paid by fuch colle&or (hall be allowed to him in his accounts,, on his producing fuch receipt and certificate; and if any fuch collector of excife (hall wilfully negleft cr refufe to pay the fame, and (hall be thereof convided by pre-fentmen* or indidlment at the aflizes, or if in the county or city of Dublin in the court of King’s-bench, he (hall be fined at the dhcrction of xhe court, any fum not exceeding fifty pounds.

V.	And

CoNeAor of excife for the diftrift to r?-pny money advanced by ,

men. on pro du&iofl of a certificate, 6c.

tfof] Annoregni quadragefimoqnarto Ghorgii III.c. 35,36-149

V. And be it further rna&ed, That all the c]aufcs, provifocs, Regulations of conditions, and regulations in the faid recited aft mentioned and contained, (hall, fo far as the fame are confident with and applr- extend* cable to die provifions in this aft contained, be applied in theed to tbit ad. execution of this acl as fully and effefltrally as if the fame were re-enacted and repeated in this ad: provided always, that no- Arrmr* of thing in the faid recited aGt contained (hall be construed to allowances ac-preiwt the wife or family of any militia-mfan from claiming truing bef re and receiving any arrears, which may or might or would have £|be recover* rented and become due and payable according to the provisions ei^ of this ad, at any time previous to the firft day of Moy one thoufand eight hundred and fobr.

V*. And be it further cnafted, That this ad may be altered, Ad may Ke varied, or repealed, by any ad or ads to be made in this prefent »h«red or re* feffion of parliament.	ITffiJm ***

CAP. XXXV.

As aft to amend and continue feveral law* relating to the allowing the importation of rape-feed and other feeds ufed for extrading oil, whenever the prices Of middling Brltilh rape-feed fh.iil be above a certain limit; to the allowing the importation of feal-fkins cured with foreign fclt. free of duty, to the twenty-fourth day of June, one thoufand eight .hundred and nine, and the encouragement of the Greenland whale fifturics, to the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand ei^ht hundred and fix; and to continue feverd laws re kiting to the allowing the ufe of fait, duty firee^ in the preferving of fifh in bulk or in barrels; and to the difcootinuing the bounty payable on white herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth day of M^rch one thoufand right hundred and nine; to the permitting Ur William Bifhop, George Biihcp, and Arglea Biihop, to carry on the manufacture of Maidftone Geneva, to the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and nine; and to the admifiion to entry of oil and blubber of Newfoun '-Und, taken by his Majefty’s fubjefts carrying on the filhcry from and rdiding in the faid ifiand, to the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred and five.—.[May 3, 1804.]

Aft 55 Geo. 3. c. 117. allowing the importation of ripe.feed, fxtfccr continued to June 14* 1809 but net to affeft the dutits granted ty^Geo. 3! c. 6$. A& 31 Geo. 3. c. *6. allowing the importation of tal-fkins lurthcr continued to June 14, 1809. but not to aifeft the duties granted by 43 Geo. 3. c 68. and c. 70. Aft 36 Geo. 3. c.41. for the fapport of the Urecnland fifheries; and fo much of 19 Geo. 3. c. 33. as relates to thofe fiftieries, further continued to December 15, 1806. except fo much as relates to allowing veflels to complete the number 6f men at certain ports. So much of 41 Geo. 3. c.*u as relates to the -allowing the life of felt duty free, fhull be further continued to March *59 1809 Aft 39 Geo. 3. c. 103 refpefting the carrying on the manufifture ofMai.iftone Geneva, further continued to July 5, 1809. So much of 43 Geo. y c. 68. as relates to the admifiion to entry of fiih-oil, &c« fur-* ther continued toDecember *5, 1805.

C A P. XXXVI,

An aft to amend and continue* until the twenty.fifth day of March one thouOnd eight hundred and fe*cn, fo much of an aft. made in the forty-firft year of his prefent Majefty* as relates to allowing Britilh plantation fugar to be warehoufed —[May 3* 1804.]

h much of 41 Geo 3. c, 44. as relates to allowing Britifb plantation fagar to be wareboufed further continued to March 15, 1807. Not to ilieft 43 Ggo. 3. c.

*5° Anno regniquadragefimoquajrto Georoii IIJ. C.37. [1804,

CAP. XXXVII,

aft to repeal Jo much of an aft, paffed in-the lajl fiffion of parliament, for granting to bis Majefty a contribution on profits arifa from property, prqfeffions, trades, and offices^ as requires attornus, agents, and faftors, to retain and pay the duties chargeable upm publick annuities; and to extend the times fir hearing appeals on affeffments or fur charges made in purfuance qf the faid aft.—[May '	3>	j8o4*]

WHEREAS it is expedient that fo much of an aft% made in tbi lajl feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting tc * * — bis Majefty, until the iixih day of May next after the ratification pf a definitive treaty of peace, a contribution on the profits arifing from property, profeffions, trades, and offices, as requires attornies, agents, or faftors, who have received or who fball receive any publick annuities, or any fhare or dividend thereof at the bank oj England, South-Sea houfe, Eaft-India houfe, or exchequer, be*, longing to any other perfons refident in Great Britain, tq retain in their hands and pay the duty chargeable thereof or to deliver any lifts, declarations, or Jlatements, in relation thereto, and as impofti any penalty for negltfting fo to do, fhottld be repealed; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in thisprefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much and fuch parts of the faid recited ad recfcdaft as as re<lu'rc ^at any attorney, agent, or faflor, who (hall receive requires any any publick annuities, or any marcs or dividends thereof, either attorney. See. at the bank of England, South-Sea houfe, Eaft-fndia houfe, or Thriving exchequer, belonging to any other perfon or perfons, (hall retain nuities. &c.	m	hands, and pay the duty chargeable thereon, or (hall

for penont"	deliver any lift, declaration, or ftatemenr, in relation thereto,

refident in and as impofes any penalties upon fuch attorney, agent, or Great Britain, fa&or, for neglefting to return and pay fuch duty, or omitting mythe'duty to deliver any fuch lift, declaration, or Ihtement, (hall, in fo far chargeable * as the fame relate to annuities, (hares, and dividends, belonging thereon, Scc. to perfons refident in Great Britain, be, and the fame are hereby (hallbe re- repealed; and all proceedings which (hall or may be had for the , recovery of any fuch penalties (hall be null and void: provided forn^verv a*ways> that nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be con-of pcxudiics	ftruc^ to extend, to repeal the faid recited a&t fo far as the fame

void.	relates to any fuch annuities, (hares, or dividends, received by

Repeal not to any fuch attorney, agent, or fador, belonging to any perfonf extend to at* being fubje&s pf his Majefty, and not refident In Great Britain, torniesreceiv-or f0 any lifts declarations; or flatements thereby required to bc delivered^ or to .any penalties by the faid act impofed in tounot refi- relation thereto.

Ant in Great II. And vibtreas tht ajfejfmenu to be made by virtiu tf tit ^ntajn. recited aft are not yet completed, and the times appointed Ur examining and furebarging the fame, and for bearing appeals ikertfrm,

m

ift^]AniH>cqgmqo»dragrfimo<juartoGBOKonIII. c.38—>42. 151

et dspftd\ sad it a expedient to give further time for tbofe purpofe*>

be it therefore ena&cd. That it wall be lawful for the cpmmimoo* Commiffiofi*

-	,	though the

tana limited by the (aid a<ft for hearing fuel) appeals have elaplcd* time limited mi the (aid commiffioners are hereby required from time to time ****** * appoint Rich day or days, fo long as any Iucb a (fe Ament or fur- ^ha¥* chaige (bail be depending \ and all appeals from fuch affeffments*

Wail furcharges thereupon which (hall be made prior to the day or days (b appointed for hearing appeals, and the proceedings oF the commifiioners thereupon, (hall be as valid and effectual as if the fame had been made within the time or times limited by the (aid aft.

III.	And be it further cnaQcd, That this a£t may be altered. Ad may be varied or repealed, by any act or ads to be paffed in this feflion altered or’ft* of parliament.	ISfe*.1* *

CAP. XXXVIII.

Aa aft for increasing the rates of fuMiftence to be paid tc innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.—[May j, ibt ]

C A P. XXXIX.

As ad for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in Great Britain for the year one thouJand right hundred and four,-* [May 3/1*04.]

C A P. XL.

An aft to revive and further continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thonfand right hundred and five, and amend lo much of an afi, made In the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of bit prefent Majefty, ss pants certain allowances to adjutants and feijeants- majors of the militia of England, di(embodied under an aft of the lame feffioa of par* lament—[May 3> 1804.]

CAP. XLI.

As aft for defraying, until the tWenty-fifih day of March one thonfand eight hundred and five, the charge of the pay and cloathing of the mi* htia of Ireland | for holding courts-martial on ferjeant*majors, ferjeants, corporals, and drummers, for offences committed during the time fucb militia (hall not be embodied! and for making allowances In certain cafes to fahaltcrn officers of the (aid militia during peace.—[May 3, )So4*I

CAP. XLII.

M oEtn mend on a Si, madt in the forty fecundbis prelent Mtjefy,	it amendtie	Urns far the better regulation the mum

mcotefaSure in Ireland.—>[May 3,1804.]

UIHGREAS it it expedient it amend and taprovide fer the due V V eaeeutien tf an	aBy made in the forty-fectnd year	the reign

•f bit prefent	M*}*fty-t intituhd, An ad to amend the Jaw, for th«

bettor

15* Annoregni quadragcfimo quarto GeosgiiIILc. 42. [1804

4« Geo. 3. better regulation of the linen manufacture in Ireland: andwhereas // is in and by the Paid all, among other things, enabled, that all flex feed and hemp feed which Jhall be imported into Ireland* /hall he detained in bis Majefty's/lores at the place of import, or in fueb other Jlores as /hall be provided for that purpofe, as in the /aid aft is men• tioned, there to remain until it /hall he examined and infpefted by an officer, appointed in manner' as in the /aid aft is mentioned; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the Importer to authority of the fame, That, from and after the pacing of this whenever any flax feed or hemp feed fcall’be imported bwdSefced *nto*	the	importer thereof, or his agent, (hall within

°	'	twenty«four	hours	after	the	landing	of the fame at the port

of importation, give notice in writing to the officer appointed at the faid port under the faid recited adt, .for the infpe&ion of flax feed or hemp feed imported there, of the landing of fuch feed, and of the place where fuch feed (hall be landed, or (hall remain or be depofited ; and all fuch flax feed or hemp feed (hall remain in the place which (hall jbe mentioned in fuch notice, until the fame (hall be examined and infpe&ed by fuch officer in Penalty for manner directed by the faid recited adt; and if any fuch importer, negleft.	or ys agent, (hall neglect to give fuch notice, or (hall give any

falfe or untrue notice, or (hall remove fuch flax feed or hemp jfecd from the place mentioned in fuch notice, or from the place where fuch flax feed or hemp feed (hall have been actually landed, t	or	(hall have been ftored purfuant to the faid reefted a<5t, before

fuch flax feed or hemp feediliall be duly examined and infpedled in manner required by the faid recited a<51, then and in either of v	ifuch	cafes, every fuch importer, or his agent, (hall for every fucli

offence forfeit all fuch flax feed or hemp feed, together with the cafks, or packages containing the fame, or the price thereof, if fold, and alio the fum of ten pounds ten (hillings Iri/b currency for every hogfhead, cafk, or other package thereof, and fo in proportion for any lefs quantity thgn an frogihead to any perfon who P14II fue for the fame.

II. And whereas it is in and by the faid retited aft provided, that fuch brands or marks as /hall be put on any ca/k or package pur/uqnt \ to the /aid aft,/ball be offorce only till the flrjl day of July in each year wherein the fame Jhall have been made, fo as to allow the fed therein contained to be fold or expofed to fale\ and that for the putpt fe of the re-examination of fuch feed, and of again marking or branding fuch cafks or packages, the importers of flax feed or hemp feed, and alfo per Cons felling or dealing in flax feed or hemp feed, or who /hall mean to fit or dial therein, /hall give notice in writing to the nearejl infpeftK of the quantity offeed in the pojft/Jion offuch perfom in manner and at the times in theJaid aft particularly mentioned and direfted: be it there-Notice to be fore further enaded. That if any importer of flax feed or hemp fpeftors cf ^ecc*> in/pwfon felling or dealing in flax feed or hemp feed, of Iced in poflef- w^° fliall mean to fell or deal therein, (hall omit or neglelt to ~~ •	give	fuch notice as by the faid alt is required to be given by him

t	for

1804.J Anaoregni quadragefimo quarto Oeorgii III. c. 4a.	153

(or the purports aforefaid, at the times and in manner as in and

bthefeid recited a& 11 mentioned and dire<5ted, every fuch im- Penalty for

pm or other perfon (ha'll forfeit all fuch flax feed or hemp feed, ncgle£U

ei finch fuch notice (hall not have been given as aforefaid, to~

gemer with the cafks or packages containing the fame, or the

pice thereof, if fold, and alfo the fum of ten pounds ten (hillings

IrA coTcncy, for every hogfhead, calk, or other package thereof,

uifbii proportion for any lefs quantity than a hogfhead, to any

perfa who (hail fue for the fame.

IIL A ltd be it further enacted, That when and fo foon as any Perfooi felling faerin or feller of flax feed or hemp feed, (hall have emptied feed fhall take uy hogfhead, cafk, or other package,. branded or marked with kL'*ord SffunJ, in purfuance of the directions in the (aid recited mp *	***

^contained, and fhall have fold thereout all the feed contained in the lame at the time fuch cafk or package was fo branded or virked, every fuch dealer in or feller of (lax feed or hemp feed M forthwith completely obliterate, erafe, expunge, or deftroy Bsfaid brand or mark, and take off and remove the fame from fuch hogfhead, cafk or package; and if any fuch dealer in or Penalty. \ fercref flax feed or hemp feed (hall omit or negied fo to do, it (lull and may be lawful for any infpedtar of flax feed or hemp feed to fcize every fuch hogfhead, cafk, or package; found in the poiTefton of fuch dealer in or feller of flax or hemp feed; and every fuch dealer or feller (hail for every fuch offence forfeit and loie a fum.not more thin forty-(hillings nor lefs than ten (hillings for every fuch empty hogfhead, cafk, or other package fojnd io his poflefiion, from which the laid brand or mark (hall not have been fo obliterated, erafed, expunged, deftroyed, or taken wt or removed, to any perfon whotball fuc for the fame.

IV.	And be it further enabled. That all flax feed and hemp Seed fhall bo fed (halt be imported into Ireland in hogfheads, cafks, or other imported in packages, and that all flax feed or hemp feed imported fhall behog(hc4ds,&c in pecked or examined, and the hogfheads, cafks, or packages in phich the fame are-contained fhall be branded or marked, and v that all flax feed or hemp feed unfit for fowing may be exported in manner directed by the faid recited a<5h provided always, that Damaged feed in cafe the importer or owner of any flax feed or hemp feed fo im- may he deli-ported, and which (hall be feized or detained under or by virtue v^r^,l^rjmo W the faid recited a<St for being bad, mixed, or damnified, or unfit *nfi imo fe lowing, (hall give notice in writing to the officers feizing or detaining the fame, that he intends to crufh the fame into oil, or to fell the feme for being crulhed inro oil, and (hall by himfelf, in cafe he fhall be a manufacturer of linfeed oil, or together with hchmanufadiireroflinfeed oil to whom he (hall agree to fell the feme, for that purpofe to enter into fecurity, within the time and in manner required by the faid recited a6t, that all fuch feed (hall bea&uallycrufhed into oil, the hogfheads, cafks, or packages, in which any fuch feed (hall be contained, (hall by the faid officer be Winded with the word Unfit; and ail fuch feed (hall and may be forthwith delivered, ootwijhftanding fuch feizure or detainer, to the importer ot perfect .thereof, or to fuch manufacturer of jinfeed

154 Anno regni quadrageftmo quarto Gsoaen III. c. 42, [1804.

Infpe&or may enter pre-mites to examine feed, and may feize It iftoond eontraiy to law.

Penalty cm

conceding Iced, or refuting admif-fion to jn-Ipc&on.

oil, on his producing to the ptoper officer of the revenue a certificate from the perfon or perfons who (hall have taken fuck fc-curity, that the feme has been duly given as required by law, and it Ihall not be neccflary to keep or detain fuch feed in bis Mi-jefty’s (lores until the nrft day of July then following; anything in the faid^recited adl to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enadted, That,from and after the patnj of thiradl, it (hall and may be lawful for theinfpeQor'^encnlof flax feed and hemp feed in Ireland, duly appointed under and by virtue of the faid recited ad, and for any inlpedor of flax feed or hemp feed at any port or place in Ireland^ duly appointed is manner xforefaid, within the port or diftridfc for which be (hall be appointed infpedor, at any time of the day between funrife and funfer, to enter into all (lores, warehouses* mills, rooms, buildings, out-houfes, or other places of or belonging to soy perfon or perfons dealing in flax feed or hemp feed, or bavin* flax feed or hemp feed in his or their, cuftody or pofleffion, or of or belonging to any perfon or perfons keep a mill or milk 6r crufhing flax feed or hemp feed into oil, and to view, fearch, and examine the quantity and quality of all fuch iced which (hail be found in any fuch (lore, warehoufe, mill, room* building, oci* houfe, or other place, and to feiue and take away ail fuch Bn feed or hemp feed as (hall be there found, kept* or concealed, contrary to law, or as (hall or may be liable to forfeiture under and by virtue of the faid recited a<5l or this a&, together withtU hogflicads, calks, or packages in which fetch feed dull be contained*

VI.	And be it further enabled, That if any feller of or deief in flax feed or hemp feed, or any perfon or perfons keeping a null or mills for crufhing flax feed or hemp feed into oil, or any ocher perfon or perfons whofoever having any flax feed or hemp led in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleffion, (hall refute or ntgled to produce or (hew all fuch flax Iced or hemp feed, together with the hogflicads, cafks, or packages in which the fame ere contained, and alio ail empty hoglheads, calks, or packages in the cuftoet or pofleffion of fuch feller, dealer, or other perfon,to fuch infpedor-general, or to any other infpeclor of flax feed or hemp feed with the port or diftrilt for which he (hall be appointed infpedor, upos demand made by fuch infptdor-general or infpedor refpedivciv, or (hall refofe to permit fuch infpedtor-general or iqfpc&or refpec-ively to enter into and feach, at any hour between funrife and fuc fet, all (lores, warehoufes, mills, rooms, buildings, out-houfes, or other places where any fitch flax feed or bemp feed (hall bc,on» which fuch infpeclor (hall fufped any fuch flax feed or bemp feed w be or to be concealed, every (uch perfon (hall for the iirft offence forfeit a Aim not exceeding forty (hillings, nor lefs than ten ftflJ lings, and for the fecond and every other offence a fum not exceeding five pounds, nor left than forty (hillings, fur each and emu hogfhead, cade, or other package of flax feed or hemp feed in the caul tody or pofleffion of fuch perfon, upon contfi&on before any jufticd of the peace, the feme to be levied by dtitacfc and fete of the offender’s



I fader's goods) and in cafe no fufficient diftrefs can be found,

I fan ic (ball and may be lawful for fucti juftice to commit fuch ft lender to the houfe of corredtion or neat gaol, for any time not

■	petering one calendar month in (he whole, or until fuch fine

I	T ...

V VII. Provided always, and be it enadted, That on every fuch | nW or on application made by fuch infpedtor- general or other Warrants.

{ heritor within the port or diftridt for which he (hall be appointed,

■	way juftice of the peace, fating forth on oath, a reafonable mtuk of fufpicion, or for fuch nis application, it (hail be lawful for Rsth juftice of the peace to grant his fearcb-warrant to fuch in* ■pcdor-general or infpedtor refpedtivcly, in the prefence of a con-Rhble, or other perfon to be appointed by fuch magiftrate, to en-Rr into all fuch ftores, warehoufes, mills, rooms, buildings, out*

Roufes, or other places, and there to fearch for and feixe all flax Red or bemp feed which (hall or may be kept or concealed in fuch Bores, warehoufes, mills, rooms, buildings, out-houfes, or other Race*,contrary to law, which (hall or maybe liable to forfeiture Ruder and by virtue of any of the provifions in the faid recited ■ct or this adt contained*

ft VIII. And be it further enadted, That all flag feed or hemp Seizures to be Red which (hall or may be feized by any fuch infpedtor-eeneral lor infpedtor refpedtivcly, under or by virtue of this adt, mail be ];rncn ^anilP forfeited to the truftees of the linen and hempen manufactures fadhuei. fiof Ireland, and the produce thereof (hall be applied by them in ^rewarding fuch infpedtor, or for otherwife promoting the linen manufa&ures, as they (hall think proper.

IX.	And be it further enadted, That all penalties and forfei- Recovery of tores tmpofed by this ad, (hall and may be fued for and recovered

in fuch manner as any other penalties refpeding the linen and hempen manufadtures may be fued for and recovered.

X.	And be it further eoa&ed. That all the powers and provi- Extending lions in the (aid recited ad of the forty«fecond year of the reign po^5^ot of bis prefent: Majefty mentioned and contained, (hall be applied **75 *10 this in execution of this adt, fofar as the fame are confident with and aft. applicable thereto, as if fuch powers and provifions had been repaired and repeated in this adt.

XI.	And be it further enadted, That this adt may be amended,.A£t may be,

altered, or repealed, by any adt to be palled in this prefent feffion ot *** of parliament.	™	,

. j

CAP. XLIII.

Jn aft	to	enforce	the-Jutobfervance of the canons and	rt-

Jptffing the ages ofptrfons to be admitted into the J acred orders of deacon and pritjl.-*-[Ma jr 3, 1804.]

WHEREAS by the canons of the churches heretofore ^/England and Ireland, now the Untied Church of England and Ireland, it is ordaittedy ordered,,and direffed, that no bijbop Jhall admit any Mon into	tbt fdered order of a deaeon who is not twenty‘three years old;

'	nor

156 Anno rrgni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 43. [1804.

nor to be a priejl except he be twenty-four yean compleot: and where :s by the prefaces to the forms of ordination of priejls and deacons, blijhed and ufd by authority offeveral afls of the parliaments ofh'z-land and Ireland refpeflhely% it is directed that none /hall be admiral deacon except he be twenty’‘three years of age, unhfs he have 0 feadtt^ and that every man which is to be admitted a prieft /hall be fall /wtfr* four years old: and whereas, in that part of the united kingdom Ireland, the aforejaid rule refpefling the ages of perfons defs ing is be admitted into holy orders has been foretimes disregarded and rendered of no effefl) to the great Jcandal and detriment of the churchy end to the prejudice of religion: for the better prevention whereoffor the future and afo in order float one certain ana undoubted rule ana courfe of pros* tice may hereafter prevail and be obferved in this refpefl in England tnl Ireland, be it enafted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by znd with the advice and confent of the lordsfpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflfrmbled, and by the Deacons not authority of the fame. That, from and after the parting of thn to be admitted no perfon (ball be admitted a deacon before he (bail ban SSbCattaincd a^e t*lrec an^ twcmy y®3*’5 compleat, and that no a*-*	^	°1C	Pcr^on	admitted a prieft before be (hall have atttained the

age of four and twenty ycarrs complcat: and in cafe any perm (hall, from and after the palfmg of this aft, be admitted a dcscon before he (hall have attained the age of three and twenty y?:n compleat, or be admitted a prieft before he fhall have attained the age of four and twenty years compieat, that then and in even fuch cafe the admi/Bon of every fuch perfon as deacon or prieft refpeftively, (hall be merely void in law as if fuch admiflion had not been made, and the perfon fo admitted lhall be wholly incapable of having, holding, or enjoying, or being admitted to any parfonage, vicaiage, benefice, or other ecclefiaftical promotion or dignity what foe ver, in virtue of fuch his admiflion as deacon or'prieft refpeftively, or of any qualification derived or fuppefal to be derived therefrom: provided always, that no title to confer .	or	prefent	by Ripfc fhall accrue by any avoidance or deprivation

ipfo faflo, by virtue of this ftatute, but after fix months notice ot fuch avoidance or deprivation given by the ordinary to the patron*

Kot to affeft*- 11. And he it further cnafted, That nothing hdrein contain^ the right of (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to take away any right granting fa- 0f granting faculties heretofore lawfully exercifqd, and which culuc* now be lawfully excrcifed by the archbiinop of Canterbury or the archbifhop of Armagh;

CAP- XLIV.

An aft to exempt vtfTcls tn the Newfoundland trade from the prorfori ot an aft, paflcd in the laft leflion of parliament, for regulating uflc.s f carrying palftngerg from the United Kingdom.—[May 3, 1804 ]

Aft 41 Geo. 3. c. ^.not to applj to vcfiels carrying pnflenger* toqrftva tbc*hdicry at Mtwfouxk.hnd«

L

CAP.

1804.J Annoregniquadnigifim0quarto"G eo&gii III. c.45—47* *57 CAP. XLV.

is icl for riifing thc fum of tight millions by loam or exchequer bills, for the fervici. of Oreat Britain, for the year one thoufaifci eight huai died ind four.—[May 3,1 So#.]	4

CratiSoacTi of the treafury may raife S,000,000/. by loan* and cached

qier biBi in like manner as is preferibed by the malt ail, c. id. Tte Cswfatc. in the faid ail relating to loans or exchequer bills exrended to thlsaft. Exchequer bills to bear an intcreft no* exceeding 3^ iq. per «tf.pcrdiem. Exchequer bills fo iflued not to be received again in pay-ffrafof my taxes; nor exchanged before April 5, 1*05. Principal and tanl with charges to be repaid out ot the firit fupplies to be granted id -\\c wat ft (Hon. B*uk of England authored to advance 1,000,000/. on ik credit of this a£t.

CAP, XLVI,

An *3 for railing the fum of oiie million five hundred thoufand pounds^ pounds. by loan* or exchequer bills, for the fervice of Great Britain, tor the year one thouGuid eight hundred and four.—[ M ty 3, 1804. ]

C^rmiflioners of the treafury may raife 1,500,000/ by loans and cxche-®«cr\AU in like manner as is prelcribed by the malt adt of this fetiion, c rfc Tbcclaufrs, &c. in‘the Uid adl relating to loans or exchequer bill* extruded to tbs* adl. Exchequer bills to bear an intereft not exceeding 5J.1q. percent, per diem. Exchequer bills fo iilued not to be received agxin inpayment of any taxes,nor exchanged before April 5, 1*05. Princ> p«l xikl imereft with charges to be repaid out of the fuppJiesto be granted in the nest frfiion. Bank of England anthorifed to advance the whole ism on the credit of this aft.

CAP. XLVII.

in afl for ratfin* the fum of fourteen millions five hundred theufani pounds by way of annuitus.~~[May 16, 1804.]

Moft ^.acious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s. moft dutiful and loyal fubjeSs the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and JrtlirJin parliament aflfcmhlcd, being defirous tf raife the ne-ceiury fupplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Ma-jeftyin this feflion of pailiatnenr, have refolved that the fum oftourteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds be raifed by annuities, in manner hereinafter mentioned ; and do therefore molt humbly bcfccch your Majefty that it may be ena£led; and be it enaded by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice-and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every contributor towards railing Every contii. the faid Turn of fourteen millions hve hundred thoufand pounds butor of foot llnJI, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, ^>c^aormcrip^l entitled to the principal fum of one hundred pounds, in reduced Qf 1%0jt ifl the annuities, after me rate of three pounds per centum per annum, 3 per cent, to commence from the fifth day of April one thoufand eight "duced, and huadied and four; and alfo to a further principal fum of"*^nc^ fi2hty-two pounds in confolidated annuities, after the rate of QQafola. ' three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four.

II. And

I jS Anno wigrti quadragefimo quarto Gsoidtiill. c. 47. [1804

II.	And whereas^ purfuant to and upon the termt and mduuni exprejfid in the faid refolutionr, feveral perfins have, irt booh cprvci at the hank of England for that purpofey fubferibed togdher tin whole of the faid fum of fourteen miUtOht five hundred thou fond pounds, to he raifed by annuities; and made depofitt of ten foods per centum on the rejpeftive fums fo them fo futferihei to dafoi film offourteen millions five hundred thoufandpounds to be rdjmtj j annuities, with the cajbters of the governor and company tf the M Contributors England; be it therefore ena&ed, That it (nail and ms?be wko have lawful to and for fuch contributors, who have made ftich dc-fitTto w^he P°^lts	the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company i

remainder of of the bank of England\ (which calhier or cafliiers is and are fubferiptions hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of fuch contri-by wftal-	butions, without any other warrant to be had in that beha’f), i

****** to advance and pay unto the faid calbier or cafhiers of the go* vernor and company of the bank of England\ the feveral re- i maunders of the Aims by them refpeftively fubferibed toward! the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds at or before the refpeflive days and times, and in the proportions herein-after limited and appointed in that behalf; (thatis to fav}, the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the fifteenth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and four; the further fum or ten pounds per centum, on or bdforethe twentieth day of July then next following; the further fum tf i fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the feventeenth day of > Auguft then next following; the further fum of ten pounds \ per centum^ on or before the twentieth day of September that r , next following; the further fum of fifteen pounds per ctni\ms V on or before the nineteenth day of October then next following; : the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the < twenty-third day of November then next following; the further fum of ten pounds per centum on or before the twentieth day i of December then next following; and the remaining fum often pounds per centum, on or before the fixtecnth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and five.

Guardians HI. And be it further cna&ed. That it (hall and may be mayfubfcribtf lawful for any guardian or truftee, having the difpofttion of for infants. tfte rooncy 0f any infant9 to contribute and pay for or towards advancing the faid fum of fourteen millions nve hundred thou* fand pounds, to be raifed by annuities in manner aforefaid; and fuch infant, upon the payment of fuch fum or fums fubferibed by fuch guardian or truftee, (hall become a contributor within the meaning of this adt, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments, in refpeft thereof, in fuch and the like manner as any other contributor; and the faid guardian and truftee, as to the faid fum or fums fo advanced is hereby difeharged, fo as the name of fuch infant be exprefed in the receipt or receipts for fuch money, alfwcdoi?^ IV* And be it further enadlcd. That every contributor payment of paying the whole of the fums by them refpedHvely fub-ike whole bribed in refpeft of the bid fum of fourteen millions five hundred

1804.J Ansoprgni quadntgduao quarto Georqu III. c. 47.

«tsd tiMafand (Winiti to be contributed a« aforefaid, at any fubfcriptioo taoc 00 or Mwt the nineteenth day of Dtctmbtr one thoufand jg0Dec-1,1 tybt hundred and four* (ball be entitled to an allowance of fo 1 °4* aneh money at the intereft of each fum fo paid in advaoce for caejleeog his* her* op their contribution refpeflively (ball aanaffnato* after the rate of five pounds /wr centum ptr annum fnptfedayof completing the fame* to the fifteenth day of jhmayone thoufand eight and (ire, which allowance is to be faid cafliier or cafhiers out of the money to be cost* tAmi in ptirfeance of this a£t, at (bon as fuch refpe&ive cmuikuton, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, and digits, ftall have completed fuch. payment.

v. And be it further cna&ed, That the feveral fubferibers or <^or?ir^t<3111 confcribaters, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, and a£ signs, in refpe& of the faid fum of fourteen millions five hun- miitiea pay deed tkouland pounds, (hall be entitled for every one hundred **de half, pounds by him, her, or them refpedfively advanced and paid lo yca,'vj J”*. so annaity after the rate of three pounds per centum in refpeft of J\^bfCripuJn« fhe principal fum of one hundred pounds to commence from arccompleteA the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and four, until redemption by parliament in manner herein-after men-tiooed; and (hall alfo be entitled to a further annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, in rcfpe& of the additional principal fum of eighty~two pounds from the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four, until redemption by parliament in manner herein-after mentioned ; which faid rcfpe&ive annuities (hall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to (ay), the faid reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the tenth diyof OQtber and the fifth day of April in evefy year ; aud the hid confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of 'January in every year; the fir ft payment upon the faid reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to be due on the tenth day of October one thoufand eight hundred and four; and on the (aid confolidated annuities, after the rate of three poundsper centum, on the fifth day of Jufy one thoufand eight hundred and four; but (ball not be payable until the refpedive fubferibers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, or af-figns, dull have completed the whole of the fums by them fibferibed for the pur chafe of the faid annuities.

VI.	And be it further ena&cd, That os foots as any con- As foon at tributora,. their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, or afljgos, ^cwnoleted (hall have completed their payments of fuch part of the whole they may be fum payable by them rcfpe<Sivdy towards the (aid fum of four- transferred* t<e«i millions five hundred thoufand pounds, as'(hall be payable iorrfpe&of the Confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to which they xefpe&ively (hall become tntitied, in re/ped of fuch fubferiptions, the principal fum or * fums in the (aid reduced annuities (hall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of fuch re-

4	fpe&ive

160 Anno rcgnr quadragefimo quarto GEORGii Til. c. 47. [1804.

fpedHve contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, facccflar?, and affigns, Completing fuch payments rfcfpedivcly; and 2$ foon as ftich contributors, their executors, adminiftrsters, Cuc-Ceflors, or affigns, (hall have completed the payments of fich part of the whole fum payable by them rcfpe&ively (wards the laid futri of fourteen millions five hundred thoufand poands, as (hall be payable in refpedt of the faid confolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, or any part thereof, or of either of them, the refpedtive principal fums or annuities (hall * forthwith be, in the books of the bank of Engkhd, placed to the credit of fuch refpedttve contributors, their executors adminiftrators, fucceflors, and affigns, completing fuch pa;* ments; and the perfons to whofe credit fbch principal futr.s (hall be fo placed, their refpedlive executors, adm'miftrato'S fucceflors, and affigns, (hall and may have power to affign and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion thertu, to any other perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in the bocks of the bank of England; and the faid governor and company of the bank of England 2 i\ hereby required, as foon as conveniently may be after (be paffingof this a&9 to prepare proper books for the purpofeot entering the names of all fuch contributors, and of placing m their credit the principal Turns fo paid by them refpcdively; snJ that fuch of the faid contributors, their executors, adminfe tors, fucceflors, or affigns, who (hall complete the payment* <	of	fuch	parts of the whole fum payable by them refpcciivtJr,

towards the faid fum of fourteen millions'five hundred thoufand

Contributors paying the whole of tkeir/ub-icriptiops by the times herein fpcci-

pounds, as (ball he payable in refpedt of any or either of tk faid refpe&ive annuities, at any time before the governor and company of the bank of England (hall have prepared their receipts according to the directions of this a<5t, (hall be entitled to have the fums fo paid forthwith placed to their credit intis books of the bank of England-> and the fcid governor aand com pany are hereby required to caufe fuch Turns to be forthwith placed to the credit of the perfons entitled to the annuities in refpeft thereof, in the books of the faid bank of England; 2nd fuch entries in the faid books (hall be in lieu of the receipts hereby directed to be given for all fums paid in manner afore* laid j and fuch fums (ball carry the refpedive reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per amiumy and the faid confolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds f* centum per annum, refpe&ively, redeemable by parliament; and (hall refpc&ively be taken and deemed to be flock transferable according to the true intent and meaning of this adt, until redemption thereof, in fuch manner as is hereinafter mentioned.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enadled, That at and every fuch contributor or contributors, his, her, or ttar executors, adminiflrators, fucceflors, and afligns, who (ball bee paid into the hands of the faid calhier or cafhiers the whole of his, her, or their contribution money, on or before the fecond day of July one thoufand eight hundred and four, (hall be

entitled

i8ofcl Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47.	161

entitled to have and receive on the fifth day of July one thoufand fi.ed»t0 be en~ eight hundred and four, at the bank of England, the half year’s nuitice^fccr-. innuky after the rate of three pounds per centum, that (hall be- Uin periods. * cone doe on the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and four 3 and that all and every fuch contributor or contri-taors, hit, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fycce/Tors, aod affigns, who (hall have paid into the hands of the faid utter or cafhicrs the whole of his, her, or their contribution mryon*er before the' feventh day of O&ober one thoufand eght hundred and four, (hall be entitled to have and receive on the tenth day of Ofteber one thoufand eight hundred and four, at the bank of England^ the .half year’s annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum% that (hall become due on the tenth day of Qftober one thoufand eight 'hundred and four 3 and that all and every perfon or perfons who (hall not have completed the whole of their faid payments, * on or before the faid fecond day of July one thoufand eight hundred and four, or the fod feventh day of Oflober one thoufand eight huodred and four,

(hail, on completing the fame within the time in this aft pre-fcribed, be entitled to receive the year’s annuity, from the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four, and the fifth day of April one thoufand eight huodred and four refpec-tively, as the fame (hall become dtie, according to the true intent and meaning of this a ft.

VIIL Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the Duty granted duty granted by an aft of the laft feffion of parliament, in- by 45 Ge° 3-tifuled, An all far granting to bis Majtjlyy until the fixth day of^t charged ° May next afttr the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, a on the half isntribution on the profits arifing from property, profefftons, trades, year’* dies*/ offices, (hall not be charged upon the half year’s dividend yidend? here-arlfing on the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and £C^CCI * four, of fo much of the three pounds per centum confolidated annuities, granted by this aft, as (hail not have been written into the books of the bank of England on or before the eighteenth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and four, being the day appointed by the governor and company of the bank of England. for clofing the accounts of the faid three pounds per centum confolidated annuities, previous to the payment of the half yearly dividend thereupon that will become due on the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and four; nor upon the half year’s dividend payable on the tenth day ot Qa&er one thoufand eight hundred and four, of fo much of the three pounds per centum reduced annuities, created by this aft, as (hall not have been written into the books of the bank of England on or before fuch day as (hall be appointed by the governor and company of the bank of England for clofing the accounts of the faid three pounds per centum reduced annuities, previous to the 'payment of the half yearly dividend thereupon, that will becothe due on the tenth day ot Oflober one thoufand eight hundred and four,

V01.XLV.	...	M	.	. ..	IX.	And

i6z Anno regal quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. [1804.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That ail the annuities aforefaid (hall be payable and paid, and be transferrable, at the bank of England \ and (hall be fubjed to fuch redemption as is hereinafter mentioned.

X.	And be it further enaQed, That fo much money (hail, from time to time, be let apart and ifliied at the receipt of the

dated^fund of exchequer in England, out of the confolidated fund of Gnat Great Britain Britain* to the (aid caftiier or cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England* as (hail be fufficient to farisfy and pay'the refpc&ive annuities to be created in refped of the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, together with the charges attending the fame.

XL And be it further ena&ed, That all the faid annuities, intereft, and dividends, which (hall become payable in refpelt of the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, (hall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of, the confolidated fund of Greet Britain.

XU. And be it further enabled, That the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafory in Ireland, or any three or more of them for the time being, (hail from time to time, without any further warrant to be fued for, bad or obtained in this behalf, caufe to . . be iflued at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer out of the con-the exchequer folidated fund of Ireland* a>nd paid into the receipt of his Majeftv’s money to an- cxcJ*e<lucr ■** England* fo much monies as (hall be fufficient from f\ver anuui- time to time to anfwer to the faid exchequer in England, the ties, See. to	feveral and refpedive annuities and other payments hereby

a certain	directed to be paid thereout; and that fuch payments (hall be

amount* made into the faid exchequer in England half yearly, by even and equal portions, (that is to fay), fuch of the faid fums as (hall be paid for the reduced annuities in refpeA of the fum of four millions five hundred thoufand pounds, on or before the fifth day of O&ober and the firft day of April in every year; and fuch of the faid fums as (hall be paid for the confolidated annuities in reipeft of the faid fum, on or before the firft day of July and the firft day of January in every year; the firft payment upon the faid reduced annuities to be made on or before the fifth day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and four, and on the faid confolidated annuities, on or before the firft day of July one thoufand eight hundred and four.

XIII.	And* for the mere eafy and Jure payment of all the froerol The Bank to annuit^es tflttUi/bed by this ad* be it further ena&ed, That the appoint a	g°v*rnor	and company of the bank of England, and their

camier and an fucceffors, (hall from time to time, until all the faid annuities accountant, (hall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or mere fufficient general, and pCrfon or perfoos, within their office in the city of Lends** to be their chief or firft cafhier or cafhiers, and one other fufficient perfon within the fame office, to be their accountant-general ; and that fo much of the monies by this a& appropriated for the purpofe, as (hall be fufficient from time to time to anfurer the faid feveral and refpedUve annuities,and other payments,

Annuites payable and tr ansfei rable at the Bank.

Money to be ifluedoutof the confoli-

for payment of annuities and charges;

and (hall be charged upon the laid fund.

The treafury in Ireland to iflTue out of the confolidated fund and pay into

the treafury to order money to be jflfued to the cafhier for payment of annuities.

\

1S04.] Annd regni quadragefimb quarto Georgii III. c. 47.	163

men's, herein tiiredted to be made out of the faid monies, in re*

Ipt& of the whole of the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred tboufand pounds, (hall, by order of the commiffioriers of the treafury of Great Britian, or any three or more of them, or the high tneafurer of Great Britain for the time being, without my further warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that be*

Wf, from time to time, at the refpedtive days of payment in dtisi& appointed for payment thereof, be iflued and paid at the Kcerpt of the exchequer in Great Britain, to the faid firft or chief nihier or cafhiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England^ and their fucceflbrs, for the time being, by way of impreft and upon account, for the payment of the faid feveral | and refpective annuities payable by virtue of this alt; and that fuch cafhier or cafhiers, to whom the faid money (hall from time to time be iflued, {hall from time to time, without delay, pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due courfe of the exchequer in Great Britain j and that the faid accountant-general for the time being (hall from time to time infpedt and exa'mine all receipts and. payments of the faid cafhier or ca(hiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XIV.	And be it further enabled. That the cafhier or calhiers Cafhierfogive

of the governor and company of the bank of England, who (hall	for

hare received or (hall receive any part of the faid contributions ^hich mjwbe toward the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thoufand afligned be-pounds, (hall give a receipt or receipts in writing to every fuch fore Dec. iS, contributor for all fuch fums ; and that the receipts to be given I^°4-

(hall be aflignxble at any time before the eighteenth day of December one thoufand eight hundred and four, and no longer: provided always, that fuch cafhier or cafhiers (hall give fecurity Cafhier to to the good liking of any three or more of the commiffioners of £,vc fec.urit? the treafury, or the high treafurcr of Great Britain for the time money he re-C being, for duly anfwering and paying into the receipt of his ceivcs into the Majefty’s exchequer in Great Britain, as after mentioned, for exchequer, the publick ufe, all the monies which they have already received, and (hall hereafter receive from time to time, of and for the whole of the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the truft hereby in them repofed, and (hall from time to time pay all fuch monies as foon as he or they (ball receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the fartheft, into and (hall account for the fame, in the exchequer of Great Britain, according to the due courfe thereof, deducing thereout fuch fums as (hall have been paid by him or them in purfuance of this a<5t, for which fums fo paid allowance (hall be made in his or their accounts.	Ah k t 1m

XV.	And be it enadted. That in the office of the accountant- keptki the general of the governor and company of the bank of England for accountant-the time being, a book or books (hall be provided and kept. In general’s of-which the names of the corttributors (hall be fairly entered; ^contribr^ which book or book9j ffce faid refpedlive contributors, their to„* nanK xefpe&ive executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, and afligns, (hall aduplicat

- - -	wWrrof t

titled to annuities tax tree.

164 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgh III. c.47. [ 1804,

betranfmitted and may from time to time, and at all feafonable times, refort to to the audimr infpe6t without any fee or charge ; and that the faid acoun-CXC “ tant-general (hall, on or before the fifth day of July one thoutand eight hundred and five, tranfmit an attefted duplicate, fairly . written on paper, of the faid book or books into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer of Greet Britain, there to remain for ever.

Contributors XVI* And be it further enaded, That fuch contributors, thefrStw* <luly paying the whole fum fo fubferibed at or before the refpec-feriptions en- tive times, in this aGt limited in that behalf, and their refpedive executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns, fhali have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this ad to have, receive, and enjoy, the faid fevera) annuities, by this ad granted in refped of the fum fo fubferibed, out of the. monies granted and appropriated in this feflion of parliament for payment thereof, and (hall have good and fure interefts and eftates therein, according to the feveral provifions in this ad contained, and that the (aid feveral annuities (hall be free from all taxes, charges,

,	.	.	and impofitions whatfoever.

paSin'parT*	XVII. Provided always, That in cafe any fuch contributors

and not com- who have already depofited with or (hall hereafter pay to the pleated, for- faid caftlier or cafniers any fum or fums of money at the time teited.	and in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the fum

or fums A> by them refpedively fubferibed, or their refpedive executors, adminiftrators, fuccefTors, or afligns, (hall not advance and pay to the faid cafhier or calhiers, the refidue of the fum or fums fo fubferibed at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every fuch cafe fo much of the refpedive funl or Aims fo fubferibed, as (hall have been adually paid in part thereof to the faid caihier or cafhiers, (hall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the faid annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumf and of three pounds per centum per annum refpedively, in refped thereof, (hall be extinguifhed; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That all perfons who (hall be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in refped of the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, and all perfons lawfully claiming under them, (hail be | poffeffed thereof as of a perfonal eftatc, which (hall not be de- j fcendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or otherwise j any law, ftatute, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIX.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer of Great Britain, for the time, being, to iflue.and apply from time to time all fuch fums of money as (hall be fo paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer of Great Britain^ by the faid cafhier or cafliiers, tofuch fervices as (hall then have been voted by the cofnmons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this prefent felfion of parliament.

'XX. Provided

Annuities to be deemed perfonal eftatc.

Treafury may apply the money paid > the

into chequer.

ex-

j8o4.] Anno rcgni quadragefimoquarto Georgii III, c. 47.	165

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the Treafury may hid lords-commiffioners of his Majefty^s treafury, or any three

or more of them, (hall and may, and they are hereby autho-rifed, out of. the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thou** find pounds, to remit to the exchequer of that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland,\ from time to time, any fums of mosey, not exceeding in the whole the Aim of four millions five hoadred thoufand pounds, to be applied to fuch fervices for 7rr-issiy as (hall have been voted by the commons of the united iingdocn of Great Britain and Ireland, in this prefent feflion of parliament.

XXI.	And be it further enaded, That books (hall be con- Accountant-fhndy kept by the (aid accountant-general for the time being,

wherein all alignments or transfers of all fums advanced or for titering contributed towards theTaidJum of fourteen millions five hun-transfers, dred thoufand pounds, (hall be entered and regiftered; which entry (hall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and fhaJI be iigned by the parties making fuch alignments or transfers, or if fuch parties be abfent, by their refpedtive attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised, in writing under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witnefies; and that the fcveral perfons to whom fuch transfers (hall be made, (hall reipedtively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of affigning and transferring the faid annuities, or any part thereof, or any in-tereft therein, (hall be good or available in law; provided always, that all perfons poflefied of any (hare or intereft in either of the Stock may be laid (locks of annuities, or any eftate or intereft therein, may deviled. * devife the fame by will in writing, attefted by two or more credible witnefies; but that no payment (hall be made upon* any fuch devile, until fo much of the faid wiU as relates to fuch (hare, eftate, or intereft, in the faid docks of annuities, be entered in the feid office; and that in default of fuch transfer or Transfers not devife, fuch (hare, eftate, or intereft, in the faid (locks of annui--ties, (hall go to the executors, adminiftrators, fuccefiors, and ftamP"dutlc** affigns; and that no ftamp-duties whatfoever (hall be charged on any of the faid transfers; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That out Treafury may of the monies arifing from the contributions towards railing the defray inci“ faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, by ™cesout of annuities, any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, contributions or the high treafurer of Great Britain for the time being, (hall and allow fa-hare power to difeharge all fuch incident charges as (hall necef-1*™*to **** fcrily attend the execution of this adt, in fuch manner as to them aceounUnt-ihali feem juft and rcafonable; and alfo to fettle and appoint fuch general, allowances as (ball be thought proper for the fervice, pains, and

labour of the faid caihier or calhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid contributions; and ?lfo (hall have power to make, out of the faid confolidated fund, fuch further allowances as (hall be judged rcafonable for the fervice, pains and

labour

xmides.

*66 Annoregni quadragefimo quarto Gborgii III.c.47. [1804.

labour of the faid cafhier or cafhiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities payable by virtue of this ad; and alfo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the laid accountant-general, for performing the truft repofed in him by this a£t; all which allowances to be made as aforefaid, in refped of the fer-vice, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, (hall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only.

The %l per XXfIL And be it further enaded, That all the monies to cent, reduced which any perfon or perfons (hall become entitled by virtue of be added to (^1S ac^> refped of any fum advanced or contributed towards the joint (lock the faid fum of fourteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, of {I. percent.on which the faid reduced' annuities, after the rate of three reduced an- pounds per centum per annum, (hall be attending, fhall be added to the joint flock of annuities transferable at the bank of England,\ which, by an a61 made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majefly, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds per centum per annum, and fhall be deemed part of the faid joint flock of annuities, fubjed nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in fuch manner, and upon fuch notice as in the feveral ads by which the faid annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were refpedively granted, are direded in refped of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof, and that all and every perfon and perfons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which, he, flic, or they, (hall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this ad, fhall have and be deemed to have a proportional intereft and {bare in the faid joint flock of annuities at the.rate aforefaid.

XXIV.	And be it further enaded, That all the monies to which any perfon or perfons fhall become entitled by virtue of this ad, to be added to *n rc*Pc** any advanced or contributed towards the faid the joint ftock fum of fourteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, on which of 3/. per cent the faid confoKdated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per confois, centum per annum, (hall be attending, fhall be added to the joint ftock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, into which the feveral Turns, carrying an intereft after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were by feveral ads, made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-fecond, and thirty-third years ot the reign of his late majefty King Geerge the Second, ana by feveral fubfequent ads, confolidated, and (hall be deemed part of the faid joint ftock of annuities, fubjed nevertheless to redemptfpn by parliament, in fuch manner and upon fuch notice as in the faid ad made in the twenty-fifth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign is direded in refped of the feveral and refpedive annuities redeemable by virtue of the faid ad, and that all and every perfon and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, (he, or they (hall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this ad, (hail have and be deemed to have a proportional intereft and (hare in the faid joint flock of annuities at the rates aforefaid.

XXV.	And

The 31, per crnr.confols under this ad

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47.	167

XXV.	And be it further enidcd, That if aoyperfoo or perfons Peifone coun-

flutil forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or coun*	rc*

lerfeited, or (hall willingly ad or aflirt in the forging or counterfeit- contribution#, ing any rtfceipt or receipts for the whole of, or any part or parts &c. guilty ok of the (aid contributions towards the faid fum of fourteen millions hlony.

five hundred thoufand pounds, either with or without the name or names of any perfon or perfons being inferted therein, as the contributor or contributors thereto^ or payer or payers thereof, or of any port or parts thereof, or (hall alter any number, figure^ or word therein, or utter or publifh, as true, any fuch falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of Englandor iny body politick ^corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfo-ever, every fuch perfon or perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufiag or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly a&ing or afiifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, steering, or publiihing ts aforefaid, being thereof convided in doe form of law, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall foffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy,

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the ?anh t0 faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their Nation till fjcceflbrs, not withfta tiding the redemption of all or any of their ^he annuities own funds, in purfuance of Che ads for eftablifhing the fame, or hereby grant* any of them, fhall continue a corporation for the purpofes of this ed ccafe.

ad, until all the annuities by this ad granted (hall be redeemed by parliament as aforefaid; and that the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, (hall not incur any difability for or by rcafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this ad.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, (hall be demanded or taken of any of his

Majcfty’s fubjeds, for receiviog or paying the faid fubfeription tribunal*, or or contribution-monies, or any of them, or for any receipt con- paying or cerning the fame, or for paying the faid annuities, or any of u auskrring them, or for any transfer of any fum, grfeat or f mall, to be made in purfuance of this ad, upon pain that any officer or perfon offend- ** y ing, by taking or demanding any fuch fee, regard, or gratuity,

(hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full cofts of fuit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any. of his Majcfty’s coarts of record at IVtftminJler, wherein no efloign, protedtion, privilege, or wager of law, injun&ion, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed.

XXVIII.	And be it further eoa&cd, That if any perfon or Perfons fued perfons (hall be (ued, moleftcd, or profccuted for any thing done may plead the by virtue or in purfuance of this ad, fuch perfon or perfons (hall Sacral lilue. and may plead the general iffue, and give this ad and the fpecial

matter in evidence, in his, her or their defence or defences; and and if afterwards a verdid (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difcontintie his, her, or *

trteir

i68 Aniio regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48: [1804

their action or profecution, to he nonfuited, or judgement (hal be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurred or other-Treble cofts. wife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall, have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft any fuch plaintiff 01 plaintiffs.

CAP. XLVIII.

An aft for raifing a attain fum of money by way of annuities or debentures, for the fervid ^Ireland.—[May 16, 1804.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

W1

rE, your Majefty*s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons df the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament aflembled, being defirotis to raife the neceffary fupplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Ma-jefty in this feffion of parliament, have refolved that the fum of one million.two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, Irijb currency, being one million one hundred and nfty-three thoufand eight hundred and forty-fix pounds three {hillings and one penny fterling, be raifed in Ireland, in manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefcnl par-for every wo/ *’ament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every Irifli currency contributor towards raifing the faid fum of one million two ihall be enti- hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, Irijb currency, his heirs, tied to the executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, (hall for every fum of one bl,ndrod pounds, Irijh currency, contributed,and paid, be en-in annuities at titled to the principal fum df one hundred and twelve pounds Si per cent, feven (hillings and three-pence in annuities, after the rate of five transferable pounds per centum per annum, transferable at the bank of Ireland, f1 J”"*°^and the intereft thereon to commence from the twenty-fifth day or' at their'	March one thoufand eight hundred and four, and to be pay-

option, be en- able at the faid bank half yearly on the twenty-ninth day of titled to de- September and the twenty-fifth day of March in every year, or at I th t^"1 k*s °Pri°n b® entitled to have and receive a debenture or defury for sST bcnturcs from-the treafury of Ireland, at the rate of one hundred bearing a like and twelve pounds feven (hillings and three-pence, Irijb cur-imcrc& rency, bearing an intereft of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thou-fand eight hundred and four, and to be payable at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer in Ireland half-yearly on the twenty-ninth day of September and the twenty-fifth day of Marsh in every year.

II. And whertas purfuant to and upon the terms and conditions exprejftd in the faid refolution, feveral perfons have fubferibtd together the whole of the Jfaid fum of one million two hundred and fifty tboufeni I pounds, to be raifed by annuities or debentures, and have made depofiu I ^	of five pounds per centutii and five pounds per centum on the re-

iSof] Aano regni quadragefimo quarto Gegagii III. c. 48.. 169

iflwefms by them fo fubferibed UJbefaidfum of one million two ttdrtd and fifty thoufand pounds, be it therefore ena&ed, That it Contributors foil and may be lawful for fuch contributors who have niade*1'"^* fach depofits for the purchafe of fuch annuities, to advance and Ly jn their payunro the calhicr or cafhiers of the governor and company fabferiptions of the bank of Inland (which calbier or cafhiers is and are »n the pro-hath;appointed the receiver and receivers of fuch contributions vnhoot any other warrant to be had in that behalf), the feveral	herein

raniinders of the fums by them refpe&ively fubferibed towards mentioned. the hid Aim of one million two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, at or before, the refpedive days and times, and in the proportions herein-after limited and appointed in that behalf; bat is to fay, the further fum of ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty-eighth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and four, the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-third day of June then next following, the further fum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-firrt day of July then next following, the further fum of ten -pounds per centum on or before the twenty-fecond day of Auguft then next following, the further fum of ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty-fourth day of September then next following, the further fum of ten pounds per centum on or before be twenty-fourth day of Oflober then next following, the further fum of ten pounds per centum on or before the twenty-fourth day d November then next following, and the remaining fum of ten pounds per centum. on or before the twenty-fecond day of De-umber then next following.

III.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful Contributors Tor fuch contributors who have made fuch depofits for the Pur

:hafc of debentures, to advance and pay to the teller and calhicr their^uUcrip. )fhi$ Majefty's exchequer in Dublin (which teller and cathier is tions in tie hereby appointed the receiver of fuch contributions without any like manner, other warrant to.be had in that behalf), the feveral remainders of the fums by them refpe&ively fubferibed towards the faid fum of one million two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, at or before the like days and times, and in the like proportions, at or in which the contributors to the fums fubferibed for the purchafe of annuities are herein-before required to pay the fame.

IV,	And be it ena&ed. That every contributor paying in the Difcountof5£. whole of the fums by them refpedlively fubferibed in refpeft of j^we^oa ** the faid fum of one million two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, payments

to be contributed as aforefaidat any time on or before the twenty- made in ad-third day of November one thoufand eight hundred and four, vance.

{hall be entitled to an allowance of fo much money as the in-tereft of each fum fo paid in advance'for completing his, her, or their contribution refpeltively (hall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum from the day of completing the fame to the twenty-fecond day of December one thoufand tight hundred and four; which allowance is to be paid by the hid calhier or cafhiers, or the fard teller and cafhier, out of the monies to be contributed in purfuancc of this a&, as foon as fuch

refpeftive

170 Anno tegni quadragefimo quarto Georg ti III. c. 48. [1804.

refpedive contributory their executors, adminiftrators, and affigns {hall have completed fuch payments.

Annuities and V. And be it ena&ed, That the (aid federal fobferibm or intereft (haU contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, vearf^^Se t ^or cvcrY one hundred pounds by him, her, or them refpeftrr/j a^and March a^v»nced and paid, be entitled to the principal fum of one Iran* *5, Ac. dred and twelve pounds feven (hillings and three-pence in annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum, which annum (hall commence from the twenty*fifth day of March one thou* (and eight hundred and four, or to a debenture or debentures from the treafury of Ireland*, after the rate of one hundred asi twelve pounds feven (hillings and three-pence, bearing an intereft of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the find twenty-fifth day of March one thoufimd eight hundred and four; and the faid annuity of five pounds per centum (hall be payable and paid half yearly at the bank of Ireland, by even and equal portions, on the twenty-ninth day of September and twenty-fitt day of March in every year; the firft payment thereon to be das on the twenty-ninth day of September one thodland eight Jnmdid and four; and the intereft on the faid debentures (ball be payabK / at the exchequer of Ireland\ by even and equal portions, on dfl twenty-ninth day of September and the twenty-fifth day of Mri in every year, the firft payment thereon to be due on the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and four; bai the faid annuities (hall not be payable until the refpedire fcfl feribers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, or 4 figns (hall have completed the whole of the films by tbem fdfi feribed for the purchafe of the faid annuities.

As foon as VI. And be it cna&ed, That as foon as any contributors wM fttbftripttons fl^u have fubferibed for any principal fum, in annuities, tranw annuities are Arable at the bank of Ireland, their executors, adminiftratav completed or alligns, (hall have completed their payments of fuch part i they may be the whole fum payable by them refpeftiveiy towards the (aid fca transferred. Df onc million two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, as (ha!

be payable in refpeft of the faid annuities of five pounds per to* turn, the principal fum or Turns In the faid annuities (hall forth* with be/ in the books of the bank of Ireland, placed to the cre$t of the refpedtive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, completing their payments refpedtively; and tb: perfons to whofe credit fuch principal Aims (hall be fo placed, their refpedtive executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, (hall hart power to aflign and transfer the fame, or any parr, (hart, or proportion thereof, to any perfon or perfons; and the faid governor and company of the bank of Ireland are hereby required, as foon as conveniently may be, to prepare proper books for the purpofe of entering the names of all fuch contributors, and placing to their credit the principal fums fo paid by them rer* fpeflively, and that fuch of the faid contributors, their executor, adminiftrators, or affigns, who (hall complete their payments of fuch part of the whole fum payable by them refpeflively tomr:$ the faid fum 6f one million two hundred and fifty thoufand

iJ04.] Anno rcgni quadrageftmo quarto Georgii IIL c. 48. 171

pounds, as (hall be payable in rcfped of the faid annuities* at »f rime before the governor and company of the bank of ? JbWQuJ) have prepared their receipts* according to the di-' jettons of this a£t, (hall be entitled to have the (urns fo paid jtakwith placed to their credit in the books of the bank of InM; and the faid governor and company are hereby required ta cafe fuch fums to be forthwith placed to the credit of the prrfenentitled to the annuities in refpeft thereof in the books oflfefenk of Inland accordingly* and fuch entries in the faid . tab (hall be in lieu of the receipts hereby directed to be .given fer all fums paid in manner aforefaid 1 and fuch fums (hall carry annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum re* tamable by parliament*; and (hall be taken and deemed to be lock transferable according to the true intent and meaning of :Ai$aA until redemption thereof.

VIL And be it further ena&ed, That every contributor who Contributors Ad) have fubfcribed for the purchafe of debentures* his exe- L” °* cetors* adminiArators* or affigos, and who (hall have madefhanonmak-pwmeot of any inftalment thereon, (hall be entitled to receive ing payment . from the proper officers of his Majefty’s treafury in Ireland»thereon re-debentures for the fum he, (he, or they (hall be entitled to in ®°ve fcbe"; icfped thereof; and fhali alfo, on payment of the inftalments^JtQrwhich payable on the faid twenty-fecond day of December one thoufand they (hall be eight hundred and four, be entitled to receive debentures in entitled; but Rfped of the fum depofited by him* her, or them, as aforefaid;no *° be provided always, that no fum to be exprefted in any debenture ^ereinto be tail be other than one hundred pounds or fifty pounds; and in other than cafe there (hall be any fractional part of the fum of fifty pounds* 100/. or 50L CD which any fubfenber lhall be entitled in refpedt of the fum contributed and paid by him, fuch fra&ional part (hall be placed to the credit of fuch contributor in the books of the bank of Irtlasi) in like manner as if fuch contributor had fubfcribed to the feme in annuities.

V1IL And be it enaded, That a debenture at the rate of Debentures one hundred and twelve pounds feven (hillings and three-pence, fh^l be given for every fum of one hundred pounds, to be fubicribed and paid ^ann-r on at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer in Dublin, bearing fuch loans in Ire-intereft as aforefaid, (ball be given ?by the proper officers of his land.

Majefty’s treafury in Dublin, in like manner as hath been ufually done in cafes where principal fums have been heretofore borrowed in Ireland on loan by debentures; and the debentures fo to be given (hall be numbered in numerical order, beginning with number one until the whole (hall be numbered.

IX. And be it ena&ed, That upon every fuch debenture Iniercft oh <Jr. there (hall be paid* at the receipt of his Majefty1* exchequer in benturea (Ml DvWw, to the perfon who (hall become entitled to the fame, his, her, or their executors, adminiftratorsor afligns, fuch intereft principal paid as aforefaid* without any fee or charge, until fuch time as they offorconvat-fhali be refpedkively paid the principal money therein, at one ed into an. entire payment* unlefs the fame (hall be converted into annuities ni,,tle3-payable and transferable at the bank of Ireiqndy in purfuance of

*	art

ijz Annoregniquadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48. [1804

an aft pifled in Inland in the thirty-feventh year of his pdent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An ail to enable the prtyrietsn tf & bentures iffued by government to convert them intoJlocb trantyndk at the bank ^/"Ireland.

In default of X. And be it enafted, That the refpefthre (urns of fiveparndf payment of pn centum, and five pounds per centum, depofited by every fub-fitbfaipUon briber towards the faid fum of one million two bundrtd wA, depofits (hall fifty thoufand pounds, (hall remain at a fecority for the due be forfeited, payment of the remainer of the fum fubferibed by him: and that in cafe any fubferiber, his executors, adtniniftrators, or affigm, (hall not pay the refidue of the fum or fums fo fubferibed at tk times and in manner before mentioned, then and iri every fad cafe the faid depofit (hall be forfeited for the benefit of the public^ and all right and title to the annuities, or to the (aid debentuia depending thereon, (hall be extinguifhed; any thing herein cos# tained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding*

Caftuert (hall XI. And be it enafted. That the cathier or cafliiers of d» give receipts governor and company of the bank of Ireland who hath or he tion*^which rcccivc(,» or receive any part of the faid contribution may be C towards the faid fum of one million two hundred and fifty tho* ajfigncd. fand pounds, (hall give a receipt or receipts in writing to every fuch contributor for all fuch fums; and that the receipts fo to Is given (hall be aflignable by indorfement thereon, and (hall Ml time to time pay all fuch monies as foon as he or they M receive the fame or any part thereof, or within five days after* wards at the furtheft, into, and (hall account for the fame intbl exchequer of Ireland according to the due courfe (hereof, & dufting thereout fuch fums as (hall have been paid by him si them in puffuance of this aft; for which fum fo paid, allowijtf (hall be made in his or their accounts.

A book (hall	XII.	And be it enafted. That, in the office of the accounting

be kept in the	general	of the governor and company of the bank of /r/W, I

ffeSral^of- boo*c or l>00*ts be Pr<>vided and kept, in which the name fee for enter- of the contributors (hall be flirty entered, which hook or boob ing contribu- every contributor, his executors, adminiftrators, and affig* tors' names, may from time to time, and at all feafonable times, refort« which(hallbe a,w* *n^Pc<^ without fee or reward; and the faid accoontaob tranfmitted to general (hall, on or before the twenty-fourth day of Juw one the auditor of thoufand eight hundred and four, tranfmit an attefted duplicate theexchequer. fairly written on paper of fuch book or books into the office oi the auditor of his Majefiy’s exchequer of Ireland, there to remain for ever.

Annuities (hall	XIII.	And be it enafted, That all peribtos who (hall be c*

«rfonalcftate	to	any °f annuities hereby granted in refped of the

**	’ faid fum of one million two hundred and fifty thoufand poands,

and all perfons lawfully claiming under them, (ball be poflefM thereof as of a perfonal eftate which (hall not be defeendibie w heirs.

Aimuitieslhalt XIV. And be it enafted, That all the annuities aforefiid beonejoint (hall be addfed to, and made one joint dock with the prefent ftock with the annujtjcs Qf fivc pounds per centum now fubfifting in lrek*dy and

(hill

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii II c. ns

Sail be payable and transferable at the bank of Inland at the prelent an. fenetime and in the fame manner as the faid prefect annuities rffive pounds par tentum are payable an9 transferable, and that<n rc tie faid annuities (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and im-pobions wbatfoever.

XV.	And be it enacted, TJiat it (hall and may be lawful for Tmfniy of tkttor more of the commiffioners of the treafury in ,or Ireland may tie led high treafurer of Ireland for the time oeing, to iiTue

and apply from time to time all fuch fums of money as (hall be as h/aid into the receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer of	by ihallfaavebern

tie laid cafhier or calhiers, to Inch fervices as (hail have been voted by par. wed by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain lament, ad	Inland in this prefect feffion of parliament.

XVI.	And be it ena&ed, That all the monies received by the Money flialt

hid cafhier or cathiers of the bank of Ireland,(hall be paid into	earrjed to

the receipt of bis Majefty’s exchequer at , and, together	^

with fuch monies as thaii be received for debentures as herein.	*

before mentioned, (hall be carried to, and form part of, the confoiijiated fund of Ireland.

XVII. And be it enabled, That all the faid annuities and and the anna kerefts which (hall become payable in refpedlof.the faid Aim fries and in-of one million two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, (hail be** charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon e tre“ and made payable out of the confolidated fund of Ireland.

XVIII.	And be it enaded, That fo much money (hall from Moneyfliallbe time to time be fet apart at the receipt of the exchequer in frt apart at the Inland, out of tbe confolidated fund of Ireland, to the governor “chequer for and company of the bank of Ireland, as (hall be fufficient to a purpo e‘ fetisfy and pay all fuch annuities as (hall be created by virtue of

this aft, together with the charges attending the fame.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed. That books (hall be con-Accountant-ftintly kept by the (aid accountant-general for the time toeing, £cnerjjH)<^a** wherein all alignments or transfers of all fums advanced or contributed towards tbe faid fum of one million two hundred transfers.

and fifty thoufand pounds, (hall be entered and regiftered; which entry (hall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and Dull be figned by the parties making fuefa alignments or transfers, or if fuch parties be abfent, by their refpedive attorney or attomies thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feats, to be attefted by two or more credible witneffes, and that the feveral perfons to whom fuch transfers (ball be made, (hall relpecliveJy underwrite their acceptance thereof j and that no other method of aligning and transferring the faid annuities, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, (hall be good and available in law, and that no ftamp-iutits whatsoever (hall be charged on' any of the faid transfers. ,

XX.	And be it further enafted. That if any perfon or perfons 2rfiriSng*re!l" ftnll forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged or coun- ceipts for con-terfeited, or lhall willingly a£f or affift in the forging or counter- tributions, or feiting any receipt or .receipts for the whole of, or any part or pans of the Cud contributions towards the faid fum of 9ne guiltv ofVc-

ffiilJion jonjr.

*74

Anno regniquadragcfitno quarto Georgii III. c. 48. [1804.

million two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, either with or

without the name or names of any perfon or perfons being in-

ferted therein, as the tontributor * or contributors thereto, or

payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or ftafl

alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or pubii/h as

true any fuch falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or

receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of

the bank of Ireland* or any body politick or corporate, or any

perfon or perfons whatfbever, or (hall forge or counterfeit any

debenture or debentures, or alter any number, figure, or worj

therein, or utter or publifh as true any fuch falte, forged, coun^

terfeited, or altered debenture, with intent to defraud his MaJ

jelly, his heirs or fucceffors, or any perfon or perfons whatfoeverj

•very fuch perfon or perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, c f

caufing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willing'yi

a&ing or aflilling in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering,

uttering, or publiQjing as aforefatd, being thereof convi&ed in

due form of law, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and lhalli

fuffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

' XXL And be it further ena&ed, That no fee, reward, or

cciving con- gratuity whatfoever (hall be demanded or taken of any of hisj

trtbutiona, or Majefty’s fubjeds for receiving and paying the faid Aiblcription

paying or or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receiptor

transferring debenture concerning the fame, or for paying the faid annuities, annuities on	r »	P	c	er 3 P	-

penalty ofao/.or *^7 °*	or	fQr znY transfer of any fum, great or final!,

* to be made in purfuance of this ad, upon pain that any officer or perfon offending, by taking or demanding any fuch fee, reward, or gratuity, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full cods of fuit, to be recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Dublin, wherein no eifoign, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed.

Perfons fued	XXIL Andhe it further enafled, That if any perfon or perfons

mayPiliffthC ^ be fued> rooIcftcd> or profecuted for any thing done by general ue. vjrtuc or jn pur(uance of this ad, fuch perfon or perfons (hall

and may plead the general iffuc, and give this ad and the fpechl matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences, and if afterwards a verdid Hull pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difeontinue his, her, or their adion or profecution, or be nonfuited, or judgement (hail be given againft him, her, or them upon demurrer, or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts award, cd to him, her, or them againft any fiich plaintiff or plaintiffs. Adt may be XXIII, And be it further enaded, That this ad may be pealed thi/*" varied, aitered, or repealed by any ad to be paffed in thisfeffion feffion. of parliament.

No fee to be taken for re-

CAP.

itof] Anno regni quadragefixno quarto Georgii III, c. 49.	x75

CAP. XLIX.

koB for granting lo bis Majefly^ until twelve months after the rodpcation of a definitive treaty of peacey additional duties of nctfi on wine imported into Great Britain.—[May 16,1804.J

Moft gracious Sovereign,

TUI, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the rV commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and brandy in parliament aflembled, towards raifing the fuppltet to kkvj the cxpences of the juft and neceflary war in which your Majefty is engaged, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feverai additional duties of excife herein refpeftively mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled 5 and be it ensued by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with &e advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That there (hall be railed, levied, colled- The addled and paid, to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs 2nd df Uthc* facceflbrs, upon the feverai goods, wares, and merchandize-, drawbacks mentioned and defcribed. in the fchedule hereunto annexed, mentioned in the feverai fums of money and additional duties of excife as the fchedule they are refpeftively inferred, defcribed, and fet forth in the annexed, (hail laid fchedule, over and above all other duties of excife now allied?11 payable to his Majefty ; and that there (hall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in refpeft of goods, wares, and merchandize, for or in refpeft whereof any duty of excife is by this aft impofed, to the feverai perfons entitled to the fame, the feverai drawbacks of excife as the fame are alfo refpeftively inferred, defcribed, and fet forth in the fchedule hereunto annexed; and the fame (hall commence and take effeft from the refpeftive days mentioned in the faid fchedule.

II.	And be it further enafted, That fuch of the duties, by Duties to be ibis aft impofed, as (hall arife in that part of Great Britain under the ma-called England, (hall be under the management of the com-

miffioners of excife in England} for the time being ; and fuch mjloners of thereof as (hall arife in that part of Great Britain called Scotland\ excife.

/Ml be under the management of the commiffioners of excife in Sutland, for the time being.

III.	Arid be it further enafted, That the faid feverai fums of Dutiea and money refpcftrvely inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in the faid under*this aft fchedule hereunto annexed, as the duties of excife, and the draw- tol^kvied backs fet forth in the faid fchedule, upon the feverai goods, and allowed wares, and merchandize, mentioned therein, (hall and may be as former refpeftively raifed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, recovered, drawbacks adjudged, mitigated, and allowed, in fuch and t)ie.like manner,0

and in or by any or either of the general or fpecial means, ways, or methods by Which the former duties and drawbacks of excife refpeftively -Upon goods, wares, and merchandize of the

fame

' 176 Anno regni quadragelimo quarto Gbo'rgu III. 0.49. [1804. j

fame forts or kinds refpe&ively were or might be railed, levied, j, collected, anfwcred, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitjgated, and • allowed; and the goods, wares, and merchandize fo by this ad ■ refpc&ively made liable to the payment of or chargeable with , duties of excife, or fo intitled to drawbacks of exciftv as refpedlively infer ted, deferibed, and let forth in the faid fckdulc hereunto annexed, (hall be, and the fame are hereby madettjd to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reftridio&s, and forfeitures to which goods, wares,* and merchandize were generally or fpecialiy fubjedt or liable by any a6k or ads of par- , Lament in force immediately before the palling of this ad, refpeciing the duties of excife5 and all and every pain, penally, ’ fine, or forfeiture of any nature or kind whatever, for a of ■ offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any ad or acts of parliament in force immediately before the palling of this,

‘	made for fecuring the revenue of excife, or fbr the regulation

or improvement thereof, and the feveral claufes, powers, and directions therein contained, lhall and are hereby direfted asd declared to extend to and (hall be refpeftively applied, pradiied, and put in execution, for and in refpedt of the feveral duties and drawbacks of excife hereby charged and allowed, in as fuUaoJ ample manner, to all intents and purpofes whatever, as M and every the faid alts, claufes, provifions, powers, diredions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-ena&ed in the body of this aft*

Duties and lV„ And be it further enabled, *That in all cafes where dutih , ‘l^backa arc	Qt	drawbacks allowed by this aft, or any fpecihck !

tionateTo0^ quantity of goods, wares, and merchandize, the fame lhall, ia the a&ual	every cafe, be underftood, deemed, and taken to apply in tbs

quantity.	fame proportion, and after the fame rate, to any greater or Ids

quantity than fuch Ipecifick quantity.

How addi- V. And be it further ena&ed, That,in eftimating the additional tional duties duties hereby impofed on wine, as being found upon the firft ftocT(halinbe a&ua* farvey ty the proper officer of excife, after, the thirtieth day eftimated, and of' April one thoufand eight hundred and four, in the (lock, how paid.	cuftody, or pofTeffion of any dealer or dealers in, or fe|ler os

^	fellers of foreign wine in bottles, five reputed quart bottles (hail

be reckoned to the gallon, and two hundred and fifty-two of fuch gallons to the tun \ and the faid additional duties payable on wine, as being in the (lock, cuftody, or pofleffion of fuch dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of foreign wine as afore* faid, (hall be paid by fuch dealer or dealers, or feller or fellers, in manner following; (that is to fay), one third part thereof on the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and five, one other third part thereof on the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and live, and the remaining third part thereof on the fifth day of January one thtfefand eight hundred and fix.

Aft not to VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no-charce with thing in this aft contained lhall extend, or be conftrued to

wine iia Sock cxlcnc,t ^ charge with any duty by virtue of this ad, any

wine |

t5o4] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40.	177

wine in the flock, cuftodv, or pbflcflion of any dealer or dealers for which the in, or feller or fellers of foreign wine, for which the additional	have

duty by this aft 'impofed (hall have been paid on importation been pud on thereof, nor any wine in the flock, cuftody, or polfeffion of importation, , iny dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of foreign wine, s\or any onlefe fuch dealer or dealers, or fellers or fellers, {hall have in	"0fur*

her, or their flock, cuftody or poffeflion, on fuch aftual CXcceda cer-imrey as aforefaid after the thirtieth day of April otic thoufand tain quantity, eight hundred and four, a quantity or quantities of wine ex- < coding two hundred and fifty two gallons, reckoning five reputed quart bottles to a gallon, for ail fuch wine as (hall be in bottles.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That all wine taken and Prize wine condemned as prize, and fold by the captors or their agents,

and taken out of any warphoufe wherein the fame (hall bejor houfta for** flull have been fecured for confumption in this kingdom, (Kali homecon-be fubjeft and liable to the additional duty refpeftively by this fumption (hall acl impofed for or in refpeft of wine imported 3 and fuch J* *“^55to , additional duties (hall be paid and payable by fuch perfons, and fifties. * l0° in fuch manner, as the duties on fuch wines are now payable.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That for any fort of wines a drawback (hipped under the rules, regulations, and reftriftions, preferibed of the duties by law for the ufe of admirals, captains, or other c&mmiffioned bc ^low-officers, employed in his Majefty's fervice, for their aftual confumption on board fuch of his Majefty’s (hips as they fliall naval officers, rtfpcftively ferve hi, a drawback (hall be allowed and paid of

the whole duty by this aft impofed.	•*	\

IX.	And whereas contracts or agreements may have been made for th[ale or delivery of wine on which additional duties of excife are or may bt granted by this a£ty which contrails or agreements have no reference t) fuch additional duties, and thereby the fcveral contractors may be materially ajfefted\ for remedy thereof,'be it : further enafted,

That all and every perfon or perfons who (half or may have The amount made or entered into any fuch contracts or agreements, (hall, and of the addi-they are hereby refpeftively authorised and empowered, in thetionaldiuties cafe of any fuch contrafts or agreements, to add fo much money ^ con. as will becquivalent to the Taid additional duties refpeftively to trailed for. the price of fuch wine, and (hall be entitled by virtue of this ad to be paid for the fame accordingly.

X.	And be it further enafted. That if any perfon or perfons 200/. penalty whatlbevcr, (hall moleft, difturb, hinder, oppofe, or impede any forotftnift-officer dr officers of excife in the due execution of the powers mg0 cers" and authorities by this aft granted, or any or either of them,

every perfon fo offending fliall forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That all fines, penalties, and Recoveiy and forfeitures impofed* by this aft, (hall be fued for, recovered, application levied, or mitigated by fuch ways, means, or methods, as any 0 P*naltlc$> fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied,

or ipirig^ed by any law or laws of excife, or by aft ion of debt, bill, platqt, or information, in any of his Majefty's courts of Vol. XLV.	N	record

record at fVeftminflery or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpe&ively; and that one moiety of every fucb fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall inform, difeover, or fue for the fame.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer and kept fe-parate, and ihall be applied as (nail be voted by the commons.

A & may be altered or repealed this leflion. Continuance of aft.

XII.	And be it further enabled. That all the monies arifing by the (aid duties (the necefTary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame exeepted) (hall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Wejlminjler, diftinclly and apart from all other branches ofthe publick revenues; and that there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid refpe&ive duties, and paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, upon any account whatever; and the faid monies Co paid into the faid receipt (hall, from time to time, as die tame (hall be paid into the faid receipt, be ifiiied and applied to fuch fervices as (hall then have been voted by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Inland, in this prefeat feffion of parliament, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred and four, or (hall be voted by the faid commons for the fervice of any fubfequent year; and tne commiffioners of his Majefty's treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high-treafurer for the time being, are and is hereby authorifed and empowered to iffue and apply the fame accordingly,

XIII.	And j>e it ena&ed, That this a£t, or any of the provi-fions thereof, may he altered, varied, or repealed by any aft or a&s to be palled in this feffion of parliament.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That this a& (hall continue in force until twelve months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace.

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refeis.

WINE.	DUTY.

£• s* d*

For every tun of French wine imported into Great Britain, for which all the duties herein fpecilied and all other duties thereon that (hall |iave been charged, or (hall be chargeable thereon, (hall not have been paid, before the 30th day of April 1804, or which on the 30th day of April 1804, (hall be remaining in any warehoufc, ftorehoufe, vault, or cellar, under the locks of the officers of the cuftoms or excife -	-	-	-	-11	18	6



DUTY.

Wine continued.	,	£.	s.	d.

For every tun of all other wines (not being French wines) imported into Great Britain, for which ill the duties herein fpecified and all other dunes thereon that (ball have been charged, or (hall be chargeable thereon, (hall not be paid before ike 30th day of April 1804, or which, on the jDth day of April 1804, (hall be remaining in my watehoufc, ftorehoufe, vault, or cellar, under the locks ef the officers of the cuftoms or excifc, or in any warehoufe in which the fame | (ball have been or (hall be lodged or depoiited under and by virtue of an aft, paflbd in the forty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, “An aft to permit Portugal wine to be landed and warehoufed without payment of duties under certain reftriftions for a limited time”	-	-	-	-	-	*7190

For every tun of French wine which (hall hare been round on the firft a dual furvey by the proper officer of excife after the 30th day of April 1804, in the (kick, cuftody, or pofleffion of any dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of foreign wine -	-	-	-	-	.	11 18	6

For every tun of all other wines (not being French wines) which (hall have been found on the firft adhial furvey by the proper officer of excife after the 30th day of April 1804, in the ftock, cuftody, or pofleffibn of any dealee or dealers in, or feller or fellers of foreign wine -	-	-	-	7	19	o

;	DRAWBACK.

For every tun of foreign wine, which fhall be exported to foreign parts, by way of merchandize, from or out of the entered ftock of any dealer or	,

dealers, or feller or fellers of fuch wine, the whole of the duties by this aft impaled re*

. Iptflively.

CAP. L.

An 18 to revive and continue, until the ratification df a definitive treaty of peace, an aft, made in the laft feflion of parliament, for providing for tbe more fpeedy completion of the eftabliftunent of officers in the militia of Great Britain; and far facilitating the fitting up vacuole* therein.—[May 16, 1S04.]

J

CAP. LI.

As aft for making allowances in certain cafes to fubalteni officers of the militia in Great Britain, while difombodiid.—[May 16,1S04.]

■J

* %

CAP.

18o Anno regal quadragelimo quarto Gsd&oii HI. c. 5a. [ 1804.

CAP. LII.

An ad to alter and amend jo much of an ad, pajfed in the thirty-fourth year of his prcfent MajeJfyy as relates to the amount of the fms to s be paid by perjons compounding for the performance ofjlatuteJuty *	—[May 16, 1804.]

WHEREAS by an ady pajfed in the thirty fourth year of his pnfent Majcfiys reigny intituledy An aft for varying lomc c 74*	of the provifions in an aft of the thirteenth year of his preient

Majefty’s reign, refpefting the pubiick highways within .that part of Great Britain called Englandy which relate to the performance of ftatute duty, it is amongft other things enadedy that am ptrfon or perjons liable to perform ftatute duty may compound fir the famey by paying to the furveyor of the highways jack certain Jums oj money as the juftices at a fpecial Jeff on of the peace Jball adjudge and declare to be reafonablty not exceeding the Jums therein mentioned: and whereas* it is expedient that the funs foto be paid by perfons defines tf compounding forftatute dutyf- Jhould be increajed in the proportions hereinafter mentioned; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moll '	excellent	majcfty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords

fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament So much of affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and reUtM to the t*lc Pa®njJ °f this aft, fo much of the faid aft of the thirty-~ amount of * fourth year ot his prefent Majefty’s reign, as relates to the compofition amount of the fums to be paid by perfons delirous of compound-for ftatute ing for the performance of ftatute-duty, (ball be and the fame is

duty repealed. hereby repealed.

Compofition II- And be it further enafted, That, from and after the fur ftatute faffing of this aft, any perfons or perfons liable to perform fta-duty how to fUtc duty, by fending one or more team or teams, draught or and Mid.amCd draughts> plough or ploughs, with men, horfes, or oxen, in manner in the faid recited aft of the thirty-fourth year of bis 4 prefent Majefty’s reign mentioned, (hall and may compound for the fame, if he, (he, or they (hall think fit, by paying to the furveyor of the highways, at tne time and in the manner in the faid aft of the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign mentioned, fuch fum or fums of moneyas the juftices of die peace for the limits wherein the parifti, townflaip, or place, for which the (aid duty is liable to be performed, is fituate, or the major ..part of them, at their fpecial felCon to be held in the fir/twedc after Michaelmas quarter feffion in every year, (hall adjudge and declare to be reafonable, not exceeding twelve (htilings nor ' left than three (billings for each team, draught, or plough, for each day; and in default of their adjudgingand declaring the fame, the fum of fix {hillings, for and-in lieu of every day’s duty for N	•*	ejtch team, draught, or 'plough? and for each cart with two

: horfes pr beafts of draught, not exceeding eight (hillings nor le& than three (hillings; and in default of their adjudging and declaring the fame, the fum of fqpr (hillings; and tor each cart

,	with	|

TS04.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. $3. i8t with one horfe or bead of draught, not exceeding fix (hillings, nor lefs than two (hillings 3 and in default of their adjudging and declaring the fame, the fum of three (hillings.

CAP. LIII.

A eft for granting to bis Majefty, during the prefent war% and fit fx months after the expiration thereof by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, into Great Britain 3 and on good:, wares, and merchandize, brought or carried coajiwife, within Great Britain.—-[May 18, 1804.]

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty ?s mod dutiful and loyal fubjefls, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament alfembled, towards railing the fupplies to defray the expcnces of the juft and necefifary war in which your Majefty is engaged, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant to your Majefty the feveral additional duties herein after mentioned 3 and do therefore mod humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after Front June r* the firft day of June one thouland eight hundred and four, there >804. there (hall be raifed, levied, colleftcd, and paid unto his Majefty, his {he additional heirs and fucceflbrs, in ready money, (except as herein after is duties inferted -provided), without any difeount whatever, upon goods, wares, in annexed or merchandise, imported or brought into Great Britain from	■)

pans beyond the feas, and upon goods, wares, or merchandize thedniw-^ brought or carried coaftwife, or from port to port within Great hacks infert* Britain, the feveral additional duties of cuftoms, as the fame are ed in table rtfpeftively inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in figures in the CM *nd (B>) tables hereunto annexed, marked A. and B. 3 and that there (hall	a	"

al(b be paid or allowed the feveral drawbacks of the laid duties of cuftoms as the fame are alfo refpeftively inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in figures in the faid tables marked A. and B* 3 any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. Provided alfo, and be it further, enafted, That the addi- Additional tional duties of cuftoms, granted by this aft, (hall not be charged duties not to or payable on any cotton wool, wine, or tea, or on any fir timber wool, eight inches fquare and not exceeding ten inches fquare, of the	tea, alJ j

growth of Norway, and imported direftly from thence 3 nor on certain deals, any deals above feven inches in-width, being eight feet in length learnt not above ten feet in length, and not exceeding one inch and an half in thicknefs 3 nor on the produce and amount of the additional duties of cuftoms granted by an aft paffed in the Iaft feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting to his Majefty, 43 Geo. 3. luring the prefent war, and until the ratification of a definitive c* 70? treaty of peace, additional duties $n the importation and exportation of

certain

Additional duties, pay able on a)

182 Anno regni qua4ragc(imo quarto Georgu III. c. 53. [1804.

certain goods, wares, and merchandize) and on the tannage of Jhips and vejfels in Great Britain.

III.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral arid rcfpe&ive additional duties of cuftoms, by this ad granted on goods, wares, gooils^excrpt anc* merchandize, (hall be charged and payable on all goods, imported by wares, and merchandize, (other than and except fuch as (hall the Jiaft-India have been or (hall be imported by the united company of met-wilictfthe °n chants °f England trading to the Eaft Indies), which (hall not have former duties ^een entered, and on which the duties of cuftoms due and pay-luve not been able thereon on or before the faid firft day of June one thoufand pudorfebured eight hundred and four (hall not have been paid or fecured by thou^Mm-" bond, notwithftanding fuch goods, wares, and merchandize may ported before hare been imported into Great Britain on or before the faid firft June 1,1804. day of June one thoufand eight hundred and four.

Additional IV. Provided always, and be it further enadled. That the ad-duties not dirional duties of cuftoms, granted by this adf, on the importation payable if the 0f any gOOCjSt wares, and merchandize intoGrraf Britain, (other Importation n *han except fuch as have been or .(hall be imported by the fliall have been united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft fecured by Indies), (hall not be charged or payable on any fuch goods, wares, bond by June or merchandize, in cafe the whole of the duties of cuftoms, due l> 1 °4’ thereon at the time of importation, (hall have been fecured by bond, on or before the faid firft day of June one tboufanJ eight hundred and four.

Additional V. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the ad-duties (except ditkmal duties of cuftoms granted by this ad on goods, wares,

On gOOuS »m- 4nr|	f	>K«n anJ	Airh «« iK.11 haVebcCd

ported by the ant* merchandize (other than and except fuch as fhtll have bee Eaft-Indfa imported by the united company of merchants of Englandtn&'mi company), to the Eaft Indies), (hall be charged and payable on all goods, fliall be pay- wares, and merchandize imported into Great Britain, which (hall remaining in* ,>avc hccn or ^*'1 be warehoufed, and (hall remain, on the foid warehoufea firft day of June one thoufand eight hundred and four, in' warc-

linH— ki a	n mi > <» ttn	U	■	«	IaaIt •	in	mi	.fi,	*•-	a	m

1804, but fliall UCTUrc l,,c ,am Iirit day of Jttne one thoufand eight not be charged four, although fuch goods wares, or merchandize may have been till taken out imported beforelhe raid firft day of June one thoufand eight hun-for home con- dred and four: providedalways, that fuch duties (hall not be charged umpuon. or	on	arly fuch goads, wares, or merchandize, unlefs and

until any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize (hall be taken out of any fuch warehouse for the purpofe of being ufed or con fumed jn Great Britain, or (hall be fold for payment of duties under any a61 or ads of parliament, relating to fiich duties.

Additional VI. And be it further enafted. That the additional duties of duties (hall be cuftoms granted \>y this a& upon goods, wares* and merchandize, Poods\Cm>n al,*mPortec^ by the faid united company of merchants of England porte'dby xhc trading to the Eaft Inches, as the fame are deferred and fee forth Eaft-India	in figures in the table hereunto annexed, marked B. (hall be due

company, and payable upon all fuch goods, wares, and merchandizev(cotton w ne°and ti woo‘» wine* and tea excepted), as (hall, from and after the faid excepted), firft day of June one thoufand eight hundred and foifr, be foW,r /	*	the

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gsorgzi III. c. 53.	183

the puhJictfales of the (aid company, and (hall be paid or fepured (hall be

in fuch mapner and at fuch times, and fubjeA to fuch rules, re*

gulations, and reftriAions, as are piefcribed and direAed with re-

{peel to the payment of any former duties of cuftoms upon fuch 1X04*

goods, wares, and merchandize refpeAively : provided alfo, that

the faid additional duties of cuftoms {hall be due and payable on

all goods, wares, and merchandize imported by the laid united

company, which lhall remain in the waretioufe of the faid company

on (be (aid firft day of June one thoufand eight hundred and four,

and which fhall not have been fold at the publick Tales of the

faid company, notwithftanding fuch goods, wares, and mer- .

chandize may have been imported into Great Britain before the

faid firft day of June one thoufand eight hundred aod four.

VIL And be it further enaAed, That in a!l cafes where the Additional whole or any part of the duties of cuftoms on any good?, dutiej may be wares, and merchandize are permitted %be fecured by bond, by	^	•

virtue of anyaA or a As of parliament in force on or immediately before the firft day of June one thoufand eight hundred and four, the additional duties of cuftoms granted by this aA may in like manner and under the fame rules, regulations, reftriAions and conditions, be permitted to be fecured by bond.

VIII. And whereas it is expedient on account of the additional duty by this aft impofed on fugar imported into Great Britain, that an cd~ dil'mal bounty Jhouhl be paid and allowed on the exportation from Great Britain of refined fugar produced from fugar of the Britifh . plantations, or from fugar imported by the united company of mer- . chants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and on which fugar the duties of cuftoms,, payable thereon at the time of the importation thereof Jball have been duly paid; be it therefore enaAed, ^That Bounties on there (ball be paid and allowed on the exportation from Great "fined fugar Britain of any fuch refined fugar, and which lhall have been pre- cxPorte * pared from fugar on which the duties of cuftoms payable at the time of the importation of fuch fugar fhall have been duly paid, an additional bounty, to be calculated at and after the rate of twelve pounds ten (hillings for every one hundred pounds in money on the produce and amount of whatever bounty may be due and payable on any fuch refined fugar refpeAively by any a A or a As of parliament in force at the time of die exportation thereof, ex-clufive of the produce and amount of the additional bounty on (uch fugar, granted by an aA of the laft feffion of parliament, intituled,

An aft for granting to his Majefty* during the prefent war, and until *3 Geo* 3*

the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the c* 7°‘ *

importation and exportation of certain goods9 wares, and merchandize*

and on the tonnage of flaps and vojfels in Great Britain: provided

always, that the additional bounty by this aA granted (hall not

be paid or allowed on any refined fugar which (hall be entered

for exportation before the thirteenth day of July one thoufand

eight hundred and four; and that the faid additional bounty (hall

not be paid or allowed on any refined fugar, which (hall not have

been aAually (hipped for exportation within fix weeks after the

expiration 0/ this prefent aA..

X. Pro-

Ireland.

*84 Armoregni quadragcfimo quarto Gjeorg 11 III. c. 53. [1804,, Not to aflfett IX. Provided always, and be it furtherenafted, That nothing o^aft^fo^he *n l^‘s a<^ contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to union otGreat rcPeal or alter any of the provifions contained in two afts for the Britain and union of Gueat Britain and Ireland, the one made in the parliament of Great Britain the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of his ffrefent Majefty's reign, and the other made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his prefont Majefty’s reign, or any other aft or afts in force on or immediately before the faid firft day of June one thoufand eight hundred and four, by which any ds, wares, or merchandize imported from Ireland into Great ritainy or any goods, wares and merchandize exported from Great Britainy to Ireland* are refpeftively made to remain liable to or are charged with or exempted from any duties of cuftoms, whether countervailing, or others or by which any drawbacks or bounties are allowed or given in refpeft of any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize.	'

X.	And whereas an additional duty of cufioms on fugar imported into Great Britain is by this aft impofed; and whereas it is jujl and rcafmable in refpeft thereofy and purfuant to the provifions contained in the afts for the union of Great Britain and Ireland; that additional duties of cufioms Jbould be charged on all refined fugar, being of the manufacture of Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, fujficient to countervail the additional duty on the raw material by this aft tmpofed: be it therefore further enafted. That, from and after the firft day of June one thoufand eight hundred and four, there (hall be charged on any refined fugar, being of the manufafture of Irelandy and imported from, thence into Gnat Britain, the feveral additional countervailing duties of cuftoms, as the fame are refpeftively inferted, deferibe'd, and fet forth in figures in the table hereunto annexed marked C.

XI.	And be it further enafted. That the faid additional coun«

.	,. tervailing duties fhall be managed, ascertained, raifed, levied, colt

likeniamiCT	Pa,d, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in fuch and the

as former like manner, and by the fame means, ways, and methods, m countervail- every refpeft, as the former countervailing duties on refined ing duties on fugar, the manufafture of Irelandy and imported from thence into reined fugar, Qreat Britain are managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, colleSed, paid, recovered, appropriated, and applied.

XII.	And whereas it is jufi and reafonabUy on account of tie addi-iitional duty of cufioms by this aft charged on fugar imported into Great Britain, that additional drawbacks or bounties Jhould in refpeft thereof be paid and. allowed on refined fugar, of the manufafture cf Great Britain, exported from thence to Ireland, be it therefore fur-

Bounties on ther enafted, That, from and after the thirteenth day of July ont refined fugar thoufand eight hundred and four, there fhall be paid and allowed,

Countervailing duties on fugar imported from Ireland.

Countervail ing duties to

exported to Ireland.

on the exportation from Great Britainy to Irelandy of the manufafture of Great Britainy which fhall have been prepared from fugar of the produce of the Britijh plantations, or from fugar im ported by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indiesy on which fugar the duties of cuftoms payable arthe time of the importation thereof fhali^ve been duly paid, the feveral and refpeftive additional drawbacks or bounties as the

fame

1804.] Aono regni quadragefimo quarto Georg u III. c. 53. 185

&sk arc refppftively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in figures ia the table hereunto annexed marked D.: provided always, thit the (aid additional drawbacks or bounties refpeftively (hall sot be paid or allowed unlcfs all the rules, regulations, rcftric-uhh, and conditions required by any ad or alts of parliament in iorce on or immediately before the palling of this aft, with rrfpft to drawbacks or bounties payable on the exportation from Great Britain to Ireland of any refined fugar, are duly cffl&pSed with.

JflU. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That the faid Commence*

1 additional bounty (hall not be paid or allowed on any refined JSuSmce [ fcgar which (hall be entered for exportation to Ireland before I the thirteenth day of Julj one thoufand eight hundred and four; tics.

' sod that the faid additional bounty (hall not be paid or allowed onany refined* fugar which (hall not have been actually (hipped for exportation to Ireland within fix weeks after the expiration of this prefent aft.

XIV.	And be it further eoafted, That fuch of the additional Duties to be ■ duties of cuftoms, as (hall arife in that part of Great Britain undcrtiie died England^ (hall be under the management of the commif- of^frefpcc-. fbners of the cuftoms in,England) for the time being; and fuch tive comroif- . thereof as (hall arife in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fioneri of the (hall be under the management of the commifiioners of thccuftom8t ccftoms in Scotland) for the time being.

XV,	And be it further enafted, That the feveral duties putics and lefpeftively infertcd, described, and fet forth in figures in the u^rthis bid tables hereunto annexed, marked A. and B. as the additional a& to be le-dutles of cuftoms, whether charged and payable on the feveral vied, &c. as goods, wares, and merchandize fpecified therein, according to former duties, the value thereof, or otherwife, and the drawbacks of the duties hereby titer-of cuftoms upon, for, or in refpeft of fuch goods, wares, and e(jw y merchandize, may and (hall refpeftively be afeertained, managed,

nifed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, recovered, and allowed, except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this aft, ip fuch and the like manner, and by the fame means, ways, or methods, as former duties of cuftoms, and drawbacks ofduties of cuftoms, upon goods, wares, or merchandize in general, and alfo by any fuch fpecial means, ways, or methods refpeftively, ts former duties of cuftoms, and drawbacks of duties of cuftoms, upon goods, wares, or merchandize, of the fame forts or kinds, were or might be afeertained, managed, raifed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, recovered, and allowed, and the goods, wares, or merchandize, whereon duties of cuftoms are by this aft charged, and drawbacks of duties of cuftoms allowed, upon the importation thereof into, or exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other account whatever, (hall be, and the fame are hereby made fubjeft and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reftriftions, feifures, and for*

1 feiturcs, to which goods, wires, or merchandize in general, and alfo all and every the fpecial conditions, rules, regulations, re* ftriltions, Seizures, faks, and forfeitures refpeftively, to which

Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gborgii llUa $3. [1804.

the like goods, wares, or merchandise, were fubjeft and liable by any ad or ads of parliament in force on and immediately before the faid firft day of June one rhoufend eight hundred and four, refpeding the revenue of cuftoms, except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this ad, and all puns, pedoes, fines, and forfeitures, of whatever nature or kind .the fane may ' be, as well pains of death as others, for any offence whaterc committed again ft-or in breach of any a St or a&s of parliament in force on and immediately before the faid firft day of Jwnt one thou fond eight hundred and four^ made for fecurlng the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the fever*! daubs, powers, provisions, and dire&ions, contained in any fuch a St or ads, (hall (unlefs where exprefsly altered by this ad), and are hereby direded and declared to extend to, 2nd fliall be refpedively applied, pradifed, and put in execution, for and in refped of the feveral duties of cuftoms, and drawback of duties of cuftoms, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as it all and every the faid ads, chafes, provifions, powers, directions fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-cnaded in the body of this ad, and made part thereof. Duties (hall XVI. And be it further enaded. That all the monies arifinf fhchPPervtea ty	duties,	(the neccffary charges of railing and account*

as fliall tie ing for the fame excepted), (hall from time to time be paid into voted by the the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, diftindly and apart froa houfe of com- ail other branches of the publick revenues; and that there M |noni*k be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the laid receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the mend arifing from the faid refpedive duties, and paid into tbefaid receipt as aforefeid, {hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs and h> ceifors, upon any account whatever; and the faid monies fo paid into the faid receipt (hall, from time to time, as the fame (bill be paid into the faid receipt, be ifiiied and applied to fuch fervices as (hall then have been voted by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this prelent feffion of parliament, for the fervice of the year one thoufaol eight hundred and four, or (hall be voted by the faid commons for the fervice of any fubfequent year, and the commiffioncrs oi his Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high-treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorifed and empowered to iffue and apply the fame accordingly.

Limitation of XVII. And be it further enaSed, That if any adion or full a&ions. (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this a&, fuch adionorfuit fliall be commenced within three calendar months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be hid in the county or place where the caufe of complaint did arife, *nd not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every fuch action General iflue* or fuit may plead, the general iffue, and give ibis a& and the

fpccul

lSa+.j Anno regni quadragefirno quarto Gboroii III. c.53.

fpertal matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon j ami jflhejory (hail find for the defendant or defendant* in any fuch tffiort or (bit, or if the ptamtllP or plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or tfifcontinne hit, her, or their adion or fuit, after the de-fcadaot or defendant* Audi have appeared, oHf, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the' defendant or defendants fhaH have treble cofit, and have the like Treble cotta.-i pmedy for the fame as any defendant hath in any other cafes to - recover cofts by law.

XVIII.	And be it further ena£ted< That the duties granted i by this aft (hall continne in force during the prefent war, and 0 u **•

I (or fix months after die expiration thereof, by the ratification* of f a definitive treaty of peace.

J XIX. And be it further enadted. That this aft, or any of the ’ provifions thereof, may be varied, altered, or repealed, by any pealed tSi*

. fSt or a$f to bp made'in this prefent feffion of parliament. ftflion.

SCHEDULE referred to in this Aft,

Table (A.)

j ■

fi Table of Additional Duties of Cuftoms, payable on the Importation into Great Britain, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated or deferihed, not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies:

AMb»of Additional Duties of Cuftoms, payable on the Goods, Wares, and . Merchaodiae* therein enumerated or defcribed, brought or carried Coaft-vife, or-from- Pott to Port, within Great Britain.

INWARDS.	Duty.	-- 	 V  Drawback*
RniGos of all forts, for every £.too of the produce „ . and amount of the duties, of cuftoms due and payable thereon (except as herein-aftcr	C s.	£. u dL
mentioned} no additional duty of -Sjgar, for every ,£.100 of the produce and amount of the duties of cuftoms due and pay»ble thereon (except as berein-aftcr mentioned,) an addi-	25. 0. 0	
tional duty of All other goods, wares, and merchandize, for every £.100 of the produce and amount oi the duties of cuftoms due and payable thereon (except as herein-	,12 10 O	12 10 Q
after mentioned.),. 5in additional dirty of * { -	12 10 O	—•

TABLE (A.)—INWARDS.

Duty.

Except,

—	Cotton Wool*	#

—	Tpa.

—	Wine..

—	Wood, viz.

—-—Deals, above feven inches in width, being eight feet in length, and not exceeding one and a half inch in thicknefs.

... Fir Timber, being eight indies fquare

and not exceeding ten inches fquare, of the growth of Norway, and imported direltly from thence.

Thefe additional duties are not to be charged on the produce and amount, of the additional duties of cuftoma granted by an aft of the laft ieffion of parliament, intituled, ‘c An a & for granting to his Majefty, during the prefent war, and until the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, and on the tonnage of {hips and veflels in Great Britain.”

See the A St to which this Table is annexed*

S' dm

COASTWISE.

Goods, wares, and merchandize brought or carried coaftwife, or from port to port within Great Britain, for every £.100 of the produce and amount of the duties of cuftoms due and payable thereon, (except as hcrcin-aftcr mentioned,) an additional duty of ......................................

NOTE,

Coals, videlicet,

—— ufed for fmelting copper and tin ores within the counties of Cornwall and Devon, or which {hall be ufed in fire-engines for the draining water out of the mines of tin and copper ' within the county of Cornwall.

This additional duty on fuch coals (hall be repaid in like manner as the other duties on coals fo ufed; and for the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions under which

;• [1804

Drawback.

~ T " 1

DUTY.

£.

i* 10 0

thole

iS04'] Aono regni quadragefimo quarto Georoii III. c. 53.	189

TABLE A. continutd.	duty,

coastwise.	£.	i.	d*

Coak continued.

thofe duties (hall be fo repaid, See 9 Ann. cap. 6. 14 Geo. II. cap. 41.

—- ufed in calcining or fmelting copper and lead ores within the Ifle of Anglefey, or which ihall be ufed in fire-engines for draining water out of the mines of copper and lead within the faid file.

This additional duty on coals fo ufed (ball be repaid in like manner as the other duties on fuch coals are dire&ed to be allowed by any aft or ads of parliailient whatever; and for the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which thofe duties (hall be fo repaid. See 26 Geo. III. cap. 104.

— ufed for any purpofe relating to carrying on the 'works for the manufacturing of tin plates, and for other purpofcs at Pennygored in the county of Pembroke, called the Pennygored Works.

This additional duty on coals fo ufed, (hall be repaid under the conditions, regulations, limitations, and reftrkJtions, directed by the 35 Geo. III. cap. 39. and 43 Geo. III. cap. 70.

Cinders, Coals, and Culm, (hipped coaftwiie, at any port in Great Britain^ and delivered in any part beyond the feas, before the duties due ou the exportation thereof (hall have been paid.

This additional duty on fuch cinders, coals, and culm, (hall be repaid in like manner as the other duties on cinders, coals, and culm, lb (hipped and delivered; and for the conditions, regulations, and reftri&ions, under which the (aid duties (hall be fo repaid. See 25 Geo. III. cap. 54.

This additional duty on goods, wares, and merchandize, brought or carried coaltwife, or from port to port in Great Britain is not to be charged on the produce and amount of the additional duties of cuftoms, granted by an ad of the tail feflion of parliament, intituled,

“An a£l for granting to bis Majefty, during the prefent war, and until the ratification of a' definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, and on th« tonnage of (hips and vefTels in Great Britain."

Sec the Ad to which this Table is annexed.

Table

. Table (B.)

A Table of Additional.Duties of Cuftoms, payable on the Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein enumerated or described, imported into Gm Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to th Eajl Indies.

Sugar, for every £.too of the produce and amount of the duties of cuftoms due and payable thereon, (except as herein-after mentioned), an additional duty of -

All other goods, wares, and merchandize, for every £. 100 of the produce and amount of the duties of cuftoms due and payable thereon, except as hereinafter mentioned), an additional duty of -

Duty.	Drawback
£• *• d*	I.
12 XO O	12 10
12 IO O	

Except,

Cotton Wool.

Tea.

Wine.

Thefe additional duties are not to be charged on the prodace and amount of the additional duties of cuftoms granted by an a& of the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, “ An a£t for granting to his Majefty, during the prefent war, and until the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, additional duties on the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, and on the tonnage of (hips and veftels in Great Britain.” See the A dt to which this Table is annexed.

1S04.J AnooregniquadragcCmgquartoGEoRGiiIII. £4, ig%

Table (C.)

A Table of Additional Countervailing Duties of Cuftoms, payable on refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain.

duty.

Sopr refined, viz.	£. s. d.

1 —Baftards, whole or ground, the hundred weight 0 2 6

— Lumps, the hundred weight	* -	- - o 4 8|	,

- —Single Loaf, the hundrea weight -	-	0 5 o

* — Powder Loaf and double Loaf, the hundred

»	. -.	*	-	*	-0 5

—	Sugar Candy, viz.

■	-----■«---Brown, the hundred weight -048^

■	— ■> White, the hundred weight - o 5 4I

Supr refined of any other fort, the hundred weight 054!

Table (D.)

A Table of Additional Drawbacks or Bounties to be paid or allowed on the Exportation of refined Sugar of the,Manu» bcturc of Great Britain, exported from thence to Ireland.

Drawback of Bounty.

Sugar refined, viz.	£.	s.	d.

—-Baftards, whole or ground, the hundred weight 026

—	Lumps, the hundred weight -	-	-	o	4	8£

-—Single Loaf, the hundred weight -	-050.

—	Powder Loaf and double Loaf, the hundred

weight -	-	-	-	-054}

—	Sugar Candy, viz.

■	"	— Brown, the hundred	weight	-	o	4	8$

■ ■ - White, the hundred	weight	-	o	5	4i

Sugar refined of any other fort, the hundred weight -	o	5	4?

CAP. LIV.

In aft to confolidate and amend the provifms of the feveral alls r/+ kitig t$ corps of yeomanry and volunteers in Great Britain ; and tQ make further regulations relating thereto.—[ June 5,1804.]

WHEREAS an aft was pajfed in the forty-fecond year of the

reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An act to enable his 44 Geo* 3. Majefty to avail himfelf of die offers of certain yeomanry and volunteer corps to continue their fervices: and whereat an aft was faffed in the forty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An a& for authoriiUng the billetting of fuch troops 43 Ge°- 3* of yeomanry and volunteer cavalry as may be defirous 0f e.iax.and

aflembling

Where arms or accoutrements have not bten fupplied to corps, the

194 Anno rcgniquadfagefimo quftrtoGEORGii HI. c 54. [1804J

VI.	Prcrvided always, and be it further enaded, That iqj every cafe in which any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, heretofore accepted or hereafter to be accepted, requiring any arms or accoutrements at the expence of his Majefty, (hall not have been fupplied with fuch arms or accoutrements in fufficient time

members who lo have enabled the members thereof, or of any part or propor-ed^ufterand t*011 any CQrPs> t0 have attended properly armed and exercife may accoutred at mufter and exercife, according to the provifions of be returned as this ad, every member of fuch corps who {hall have duly attend-effective. ed mufter and exercife, although without arms or accoutrements, (hall nevertheless be deemed and taken to be, and may be returned pr certified to be, an effective member thereof, in like manner as if he had fo attended properly armed and accoutred.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That ii (hall be lawful for the commanding officer of any corps oi yeomanry or volunteers, in any cafe in which, on application

and fuch per- made for that purpofe, it ftt?ll appear to him proper to grant, C°th** leavc °f abfence to any effective member of fuch corps, who may Full mfmberof be prevented from attending in. any period of four months the days of at- number of days of mufter and exercife required by this ad, to tendance, (hall grant fuch leave, and to return or certify fuch perfon fo-abfent m t^e ncxt return or certificate; and every fuch perfon (hall iii fuch cafe continue entitled to exemption as an effedive member; provided he (hall in the fuccceding four months attend fuch number of days of mufter and exercife, as will complete the full number of eight days’ attendance if cavalry, or fixteen days if infantry, in the whole period of eight fucceffive months; and in default of having fo attended eight times if in the cavalry, or fixteen times if in the infantry, in fuch eight fucceflive months, he (hall be ftruck out of the lift of effedive members, and returned in the mufter-roll as non-effedive, and (hall be no longer entitled to any exemption under this ad, while fo returned.

. VIII. Provided aifo, and be it further enaded, That if any effedive member of any cprps of yeomanry or volunteers (hali have attended at the.ufual mufter and exercife thereof, the full number of twelve days if cavalry, and twenty-four days if infantry, within any period of four fucceffive months, commencing from any day appointed by this ad for making a return, or within any two fucceffive periods of four months each

Commanding officers may grant leave of abfence ;

be entitled to exemption as dfedives.

Members attending the full number of days yearly, though not m equal proportions e*ch period of four

months, to be commencing as aforef^id, every fuch perfon (hall in fuch cafe entitled to continue entitled to exemption, and (hall be returned as an exemption. effedive member for the periods for which he would have beca entitled to exemption, and to be returned as an effedive member in cafe he had, within fuch firft period of four months, attended at the . mufter and exercife of fuch corps, four days if cavalry, and eight days if infantry, and the like number of days in each of the two fuccceding periods, according to the provifions of this ad.

Commanding . IX. And be it further enaded. That all officers command-

officers to ing corps of yeomanry and volunteers (hall, on the firft day of make returns	'	'	ju^

1804.] Annoregniqaadragefimo quarto Gboroii HI. c. 54.	193

ifttr the puffing thereof, fes to hit Majefty may hfereafter feem fit and proper) and to difband or difcontinue the fervicet of any nrpt of yeomanry or volunteart now formed or hereafter to be (brand rope&ively, or of any parts of fuch corps, whenever it **TV,CCS °* my feem expedient to hit Majefty 1o to.do: provided always, rf'Srfore tL* tfiat the fervicet of all corps of yeomanry and volunteers accepted paffing of than Wore the puffing of this ad (hall be deemed to be continued aft, (ball be adsr the provifions thereof, unlefa his Majefty (hall fignify his deemed to be attrition of diibanding or difcontinuing the fervicet of any^j^the , fich corps, by Uny order to be communicated by his Majefty’s provifioiu I principal fccretary of ftate.	thereof.

[ IV. And be it further enaded, That every perlon enrolled or Effeftive j t» be enrolled, and ferving as an effedive member of any corps member* of of yeomanry or volunteers, in Gnat B, and who (hall be yo?unteer °f duly returned or certified as fuch under this aft, (hall be exempt corps to be from being liable to ferve perfonally, or to provide a fubftitute exempt from is the militia of Great Britain, or in any additional force railed	in	^

sr to be raifed for foe deface of the realm and more vigorous Sther addi-pcofecution of the war, under any ad or ads of the laft feffion tional forces of parliament, or under any ad or ads of the prefent or any but not to future feffion of parliament, and from (bpplying any vacancies extend to therein, and (ball remain fo exempted lb long as he (hall con-tinue to be, and be returned or certified to be, an effedive fed than fuch member, in manner by this ad required, and no longer: pro- exemption tided always, foot nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or would not be be cooitnied to extend, ‘to entitle any member of any corps of ITgrcato-ywnaury or volunteers, to any exemption mentioned in this number than aft, in any cafe io which, in foe offer or acceptance of fervicethe eftabBth-tf fech corps, it (hall have been fpecified that fuch exemptionmet>t* would not be efeumed by or allowed to the members thereof} or to entitle any greater number of perfons in any corps, to any ORtnptiotto under this ad, than (hall have been or (hall be allowed as the eftsMifhed number of fuch corps.	. .

V.	Provided always, and be it further enaded. That no?°11P”™n perfect (hall be deemed, confer ued, or taken to be an effedive number of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, or (hall be member who returned or certified as fuch by any commanding officer under does not duly tbit ad, or be entitled to any exemption, under any of the a f*r“ provifions thereof, who (hall not have duly attended, properly ^ armed and accoutred, and mounted if cavalry, at the mufter or left abfent ocrcife of the corps to which he belongs, if cavalry four days, with leave, or M iafiaSSry eight days, at foe lead, in the courfe of the four-swath* next preceding each return made under this ad; un- ^ M an effec* lets he (hall lave been abfent with leave, under foe provifions live member, of tbit ad, or (hall have been prevented by adual ficknefs, fetch &c. fidmefs to be certified by fome medical praditioner, or otherwife proved to foe commanding officer of the corps to Ms fotif-fa&ion, nor undefs fuch periods (hall be returned or certified I by his commanding officer, in manner direded by this ad, as ! an effedhre member, and as having taken the oath of allegi-

ance.

Vol. XLV.

VI.	Provided

O

196 Anno regni quadragcfimoquarto -GEoacu III. c. 54. [1804.

Field officers XI. And be it further euafled, That all field-officers and and adjutants adjutants pf volunteer corps, and every perfon ferving b any corpsfUan?r c^P* of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry, who {hall be returned . perfon* ferv- in any fuch mutter ^roll, or be certified at aforefaid, as an ing in yeo- effc&ive member thereof, and as having ufed any horfe, mare, ft1 te^ °c£°m or	*or	/uc^	feryicc	during fuch day? of mutter and ex-

▼ilryfex-" erdlje as aforefaid, and every perfon providing a horfe, mare, or exnpted from gelding for any other perfon ferving as an ctte&ive member in duty for any fuch corps who (hall be returned as effective* and as having horjes ufed at ufC(j horfe, mare, or gelding, for fuch (ervice during fucb exerc^e^nd days of mutter and exercifc, (hall be exempt from the payment alfo perfons	of ai>y duties in relpedt of fuch horfe, naare, or gelding, fo

providing	long as fuch horfe, mare, or gelding (hall be fo ufed by an

them 5 and all effe&ive member as aforefaid; and every perfon enrolled and members of	.ferving in any corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry or volun*

yeomanry	teer infantry, who (hall be returned in any fuch mutter-roll

and voluutee^ under this ad, as an efiedive member thereof, (hall be exempt thePhair^m ^r0Q1 die payment of the duty chargeable in refped of fuch pcr-powder duty. Ton wearing hair-powder, fo long as he (hall continue an effective member of fuch corps: provided always that every fuch exemption from duty as aforefiud (hall be returned and claimed in the manner in which exemptions are dineded to be returned and claimed by an ad patted in the Uft feflion of par-45 Oto. j. Jiauieot, intituled, An a8 for repealing the feveral duties under tin c*1 f* management of the commifftoners for the affairs of taxes, and gram-ing new duties in lieu thereof % for granting neu) duties in certain tofts therein mentioned; for repealing the duties of excifo on licence and on carriages conjlryfted by coachmakers, and granting new dutin thereon, under the management of the faid commiffmen for the offun pf taxes; and alfo new duties on perfons felling carriages by auQ'm Commanding pr on cemmiffien •* provided alfo, that the commanding officer of f«ch corpsihalL, btfow(be fifth, <j.v-of	fucceeding

certificates	the patting of this ad,	and between the fifth day of April and

to the fur.	the fifth day of May* in	every fooceeding year, deliver or caufe

veyor of the	to be delivered to any	forveypr or injpedor of taxes of the

form^nfcbe! diftrid wherein fuch corps ttullbe enrolled, or of any adjoining dule (E.) • and diftrid, a certificate in the form in the ichedule to this ad annex-inicrt therein jed, marked (E.); and in cafe the lame (hall be a corps of the names of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry, and any of the horfes, mares, or ?fdin ”h Sc^ing^ ufed by any effedive member thereof for fervice therefor o&cw and *n> be provided by any other perfon or perfons, fucb com-affidavits of manding officer (hall alfo infert in fcch certificate the names of the perfons fo the feveral perfons who (hall provide any fuch horfes, mares, or furniriied	geldings, and (hall alfo	annex to fuch certificate, affidavits of

Uannewd	^ ^v*rsd P*rfpns ferving in fuch corps, for whom any horfes,

mares, pr geldings, (ball be provided, declaring refpc&ivety by ,	whom the falfce are provided ; and every perfon claiming to be

exempted from the faid duties (hall be charged ami chargeable thereto, pnlcfs fuch certificate a* aforefaid, and alfo fuch affidavits in cafes where the fame are hereby required, (hall have been delivered purfuant to the provifions of thia adt* whiph certifi--	cates

A

Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54.	197

cites, made up, returned, and certified, according to the form thereof in the faid fchechile marked (£.),, ihall be deemed to be diffident and valid for the purpofe of proving fuch claims to exemption as aforefaid : provided always, that if, from jmy varia- Where the tion of circumstances or other reafoit, the faid forms hereby re- J^b-ed quired cannot be ftriftly adhered to, any inftroments of a fimilar JjSherS0* ksport may nevcrthelefs be admitted and received in proof as a>, inftru-i/brcfaid, at the diferetion of the refpeftive commifioncrs a&ing menu of a in the execution of the above-mentioned aft of the laft feflfon of fimil^import parliament for the diftrift wherein ftich corps (hall be enrolled ; md when fo admitted and received, (hall be as valid for the purpofos aforefaid,. as if a certificate and* affidavit had been deli* vertd according to the direftions of this aft.	.	v

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enaftecT, That no^e^^(|rro. members of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers mall be en- exemptions tided to any exemptfon Under this aft, unlefs the commanding unle& the efieer thereof (hall, at the times of tranfinitting the mufter-rolls

in manner direfted by this aft, certify at the foot thereof that fi€SCin the " fuch corps has been infpefted, at leaft once in the (pace of the mufter rolls preceding four months, by fome general or field officer of his that it has Msjeft/s regular forces; or if fuch infpeftion (hall not have	to

taken place, that fuch corps has been ready and willing to be fo i^infpcaed. infpefted at its ufual place or places and times of meeting.	to

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That no toll (hall be de- be demand**

manded or taken at any turnpike-gate or bar for any horfes, for any horfe mares, or geldings, rode by any perfon belonging to any corps ro^? bX anf of yeomanry, or by any field officer or (faff officer of volunteers, ^^Vfyeo-in going to any place for the purpofe of exercife, or returning manry, or by therefrom; any thing in any aft or afts to the contrary not- anv field or withftanding: provided always, that every fuch perfon (hall be officer of drelTed in the uniform of his corps, and have his armd and ac- loin* toex-coutrements according to the regulations provided for fuch fretfe, Ac. corps at the time of claiming fuch exemption from toll as afore- dreffed in £jd'	uniform, and.

XIV.	And be it further enafted. That the cTerks of the ^^u^red^ general meetings of the feveral counties in Great Britain (hall* ckiknjf the within ten days after they (hall receive fuch certificate and re- general turns as aforefaid, tranfmit to the clerks of the fubdivifion meetings to meetings, extract* therefrom, containing the names of the per- tranfmit -fons in each fubdivifion returned therein as effeftive members;

and dull alfo, three times in every year, tranfmit to his to the ful>«

Majefty’s principal fecretary of ftate, abftrafts, in the form in divifion

the fchedule to this aft annexed, marked (D.), of the feveral clerks, and

mufter-rolls fo fent to them refpeftively under this aft 5 which fccretary

abftrafts (hall exprefs the names of the feveral corps, the number 0f ftate. *

of perfofts enrolled and fervihg in each corps, and the number

of fuch perfons therein as are ^exeittpted from ferving in the

militia or other additional forefe refpeftively; and if aftv fuch Penalty for

clerk (hall omit.or negleft to tiranfmif fuch abftrafts as afore-tranf-

(aid, of all the returns received b^htYh, within fix weeks after the

period prefcribed~t>y this-aft'for mdkfrfg returns, or (hall know"- fending faUb

Penalty on commanding officers making fal fe re-

198 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. [1804.

ingly or wilfully tranfmit any falfe abftraSs, fuch clerk (hall; forfeit and pay (or every fuch offence the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered as any like penalty may be recovered under any a&s' relating to the militia, and, to go to and be applied to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That every commanding officer of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers as aforefaid, who (hall knowingly make any falfe return of any mutter-roll of fuch turn# or giving porps, or give any falfe certificate under this aft, (hall forfeit for falfe certifi- every fuch offence the fum of two hundred pounds ; to be re-catcs* • covered as any like penalty may be recovered under any a its relating to the militia, and to go and be applied to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors.

When the . XVU And be it further enafted, That the lieutenants and proportionsof deputy lieutenants of every county, when they fix, at any gene-SCfcnre inXC<i ra* mcel,nS> *he proportions, of men to ferve in the militia, or the militia or any fuch additional force, for the feveral hundreds or other divi-any additional fions, (halt dedudfc the number of yeomanry and volunteers force, fuch at exempted as aforefaid from the number of perforis liable to the Sll beSe^ ballot, and apportion the quotas for the feveral divifions accord-du&ed, and ingly"; and the deputy lieutenants at their refpedlive fubdivifion meetings (hall in like manner apportion the quotas for the feveral parifhes, tythings, and places: provided always, that when a greater number of men are adtually ferving for any divifion, p^riflytything, or place, than would be due from it according to the laft made apportionment, the furplus (hall not be difeharged, but, as vacancies occur, fuch vacancies (hall be fupplied from fuch divifions, parifhes, tythings, or places, as by the laft made apportionment are moft deficient.

XVII. And be it further enabled, That nothing in this aA or in any other a As contained (hall exempt any perfon enrolled or ferving in any corps of yeomanry or volunteers from being ballotted to ferve in the militia, or any fuch additional force as aforefaid { and the deputy-lieutenants at their refpeftive fubdivi-1 ciu oc ^lon mect*nSs Ihall enter, into a feparate lift, the names of all given*to*fuch P*rf°ns who (hall have been chofen, by ballot to ferve in the afe are chofen, militia, or fuch additional force as aforefaid, during the periods who (hall he of fuch perfans being exempt, from fervice under this a<3, in the order in which they (hall be fo chofen, and (hall, notwithftand-Ia c o ervc irig fuch exemptions, give notice thereof to the perfons fo chofeq; but (hall at the fame time apprize fuch perfons that they. are exempted from fuch fervice fo Jpng as they (hall continue effejflive members of fuch corps of yeomanry or volun-teers; and every fuch perfon (hall, if he (hall quit fuch corps, deprive them or be difeharged therefrom by his commanding officer for non-of any other attendance or any mifconduct or misbehaviour under the pro-yifions of this a<$, during thp cqnti nuance, of the prefent war, or until fix months after thq exchange of the ratifications of a definitive treaty of peace, be imftiediafely liable to fehreforthe full period of fervice for which. he (hall have been chofen by ballot; and every fuch perfon (hall# id the reorder in which he

(hall

the quotas apportioned accordingly, See.

Perfons enrolled in the yeomanry or volunteers not to be exempted from ballot, and notice to be

on quitting the corps or being difeharged for tmlconduft, but not to

exemptions they may be fenbtlcd to.

iSo4>] Annoregniquadragefimoquarto Georoii III. c. 54.	199

flnIJ have been entered on fuch lifts, fill up any vacancy that nay then be, or may hereafter arife, in fuch'militia or additional face as aforefaid, in and for the fubdivifion for which he (hall originally have been baliotted, and (hall immediately on any fuch ractncy arifing, be enrolled to ferve, or find a fubftitute to ferve in fuch militia or additional force as aforefaid for fuch full period of fcrrice as aforefaid, 10 commence from the time of his enrolment or finding a fubftitute as aforefaid ; and every fuch perfon who (hall refufe or negle<Sfc fo to ferve, or find a fubftitute to fave, (hail be liable to all the penalties, forfeitures, and provisos contained in any adt or ads relating to the militia or fuch	'

additional force, for negleding or refuting to ferve or find a fubftitute: provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to deprive any fuch perfon who may, at the time of his being fummoned to attend for the purpofe of being enrolled, or of finding a fubftitute to ferve 25 aforefaid, be entitled to any other exemption, from ferving in the militia or other additional force as aforefaid, from claiming and having the full benefit of fuch exemption.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted. That no Effective member of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers who (hall have.nJeiJ?bef* been chofen by ballot to ferve in the militia or other additional cont|. force as aforefaid, and who (hall have been exempted from ferv- nuing’to ferve jng by reafon of his being an effective member of fuch corps, in yeomanry and who (hall continue to ferve as an effe&ive member thereof or volunteer during the continuance of the prefent war, and until fix months

after the exchange of the ratifications of a definitive treaty of not liable to" peace, (hall, on quitting or being difeharged from fuch corps ferve at the after the expiration of the faid terms, be liable to ferve, or to e£pirar ?n Sod a fubftitute to ferve, by reafon of .any fuch ballot, or to fup- ^afon of^ ply any vacancy that may arife in the militia or fuch additional fuchballQt« force as aforefaid, by reafon of having been inferted in any fuch lift as aforefaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding: provided always, that every fuch perfon (hall thenceforth be liable to be chofen by ballot, and to ferve in the other militia or fuch other additional force as aforefaid, in like manner as if he had not before been chofen by ballot to ferve therein.

XIX.	Provided alio, and be it further enabled, That where Volunteers any perfon who (hall,1 on account of changing his place of refi- cor^^fncTcn-dence to any other parifti or diftridi, quit any corp9 of yeomanry them^ or volunteers in which he (hall have been an effective member, felves in an-and entitled to exemption as fuch up to the time of his quitting other, to

the fame, (ball, within ten days after he (hall quit fuch~ corps, enroll himfelf in any other corps of yeomanry or volunteers, every attendance fuch perfon (hall, upon producing to the commanding officer of and to have the corps in which he (hall have laft enrolled himfelf a certifi- the benefit cate of the number of days on which be (hall have attended the |j5crco” mutters and cxercifc of the corps which he has fo quitted (Which and^f aftert * certificate the commanding officer thereof is hereby required towards chofen give), be entitled to the benefit of the number of days fpecified in hy ballot r* fuch certificate, and (hall and may, on completing the number fcnrc **the

aoa Anno rtgni qwd&gefimo quarto Gsorgii III. c. 54.	804.

fubdivifion of days of attendance at mutter and cxcrcife required by~ this ad, belongs to *ft t^ie corPs ia whicli he (hall have laft enrolled him Gulf, be enti-be exempt ded to be returned, and (hall be returned as an efiedavo member frontfervice of fuch corps, and (hall continue to be entitled to exemption as in the fubdi- foch in like manner as if he had, from the time of hia enrolment corps which he (hall have quitted, been an effedkive mem-' ber of the corps in which be (hall have laft enrolled himfelf: pro* vidcd always, that if the corps in which fuch perfon (hall have laft enrolled himfelf, and the corps which he (hall have quitted, (hall not belong to the fame fubdivifion, and fuch peribn fhall at any time thereafter be chofen by ballot to ferve in the militia or fuch additional force as aforefaid, for the fubdivifion so which the corps io which he (hall have laft enrolled himfelf (hall belong, fuch peribn (hall no longer be liable to ferve or to Sod a fubfti-tute to ferve in the militia or fuch additional force, for the Cub-divifion to which the corp6 which he (hall have quitted (ball belong, although he may have been chofen by ballot to ferve for fuch laft-menttoned fubdivifion.

Volunteers to XX. And be it further cnaded. That ©Very perfon enrolled in ofallegfancc anY corps of yeomanry or volunteers before the patting of this who (hall not have taken the oath of ailegiaoce required by an a£t of the laft feflion of parliament, and every perfon who (hail be enrolled in any fuch corps after the patting of this ad, (hall take the oath of allegiance to his Majcfty j and fuch oath may and (hall be adminittered to all fuch perfons as (hall have been enrolled in any fuch corps of yeomanry or volunteers before the patting of this aSty and who (hall not have taken the fame as fbon as may be ^iter the paflipg thereof, and to all fuch persons as (hall be enrolled in any fuch corps after the patting of this ad, as Soon By whom it a^ may be after their enrolment in fuch corps, by any deputy-admi“ lieutenant orjuttice of the peace, or by any comraiflioned officer n erca. of fuch corps.

Adjutants, XXI. And be it further ena&ed, That fuch of the adjutant^ ferjeant-ma- ferjcant-majors, drill-ferjeants, and ferjeants, ferving in any corps ^#» and ^ of yeomanry or volunteers, as receive the conftant pay of their receive con- ran^ therein, and all trumpeters, bugle men, and drummers, ft ant pay, (hall ferving in any fuch corps, and receiving any pay as fuch therein, be fuhjed to from his Majefty or otherwife, either at any daily or weekLy rate, •amdSd- and aUb al| » rriers being attefted and ferving in any fuch corps, >«d receiving any fuch pay therein, (hall at all times be fubjed to any a& which (hall be in force far punching mutiny and de-fertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters , and to the articles of war eftablifhed for the better government of bis Majefty’s forces, and (hall be liable to be tried for any crime committed againft fuch a& or articles of war, by any Court*-mar- general or detachment or regimental court-martial, according to *”ftdofveo^*™e nature *"d degree of the offence, in like manner and manry or vo- un£^cr the like regulations as adjutants, ferjeant-majors, ferjeants, lunteer oflU, corporals, or drummers of his Majeffy’s militia forces: provided cer» j and no always, that every fuch court-martial (hall be compofcd wholly awarded^ <*®cfrs l^e yeomanry or volunteer eftablifltment ; and tbit

1804,] Aopo rogpi qotdngeGtto quarto GeorcuIII, c. 54.	tot

no paaidnnent awarded by focb court-martial (hall attend to them (hall ex-life or Juab, accept when Uich corps are called out in cafes of in- J?J{j t°x™^r tafioo, or appesrsoce of an enemy in force upon the epaft. on Wrt»m oo-XXII. Aw) be it further coaled* That in all cafes of adlual cafions. itrafion, or appearance of any enemy in force on the coaft of in cafe* of Gner	Britain,or of rebellion or infutre&ion anting or exiting hivafion, fee.

within the fame on the appearance of any enemy in force on the

or during any invafion, all corps of yeomanry or volun-ln<j mirch«<s.

! imi (hall, whatever they (hall be fummoned by the lieutenants cording to tho tf die counties in which they (hall be refpedUvely formed, or tbeir term* of thefr vice-lieutenants, or deputy-lieutenants, or upon the making of^jj,n£fjeft” i lay general ttgosls of ahem, forthwith aflemblc within their rc^^D^j^,,,.

■ ipe&ive diftrufte, and (ball he liable to march according to the ed deferter*« terms and conditions of their rtfpedtive fervioea, whether the Such corps bate (ball extend to any part of Great , or bo limited tofijwea tothe any county, city, town, or place therein j and all per- mutiny laws fern then enrolled in auy fuch corps, snot labouring under any and artide* infirmity incapacitating them from military ferrice, and not hold- of war; ing a comnaiffioa or ferving in any of his Majefty’s other forces, or m any other fuch corps of yeomanry or volunteers, and actually joining fuch corps, who mall refofeor negledt to join their idj>e&i«e corps, and to aflemble and march therewith upon any fiich fommons or goners! fignal of alarm as aforefeid, (ball ho deemed deferters, and (baU befubjed to punifoment as fuch} and all foch corps of yeomanry and volunteers, and all officers, and non-commiffiontd officers, drummers, and private men therein^ (hall, upon and from the time of fuch fommons, or of (kb general fignajs of alarm being made as aforefeid, and until the enemy (ball be defeated and expelled, and all rebellion or in-(uncetioo then exiting within Great Britain (hall be fupprefled,

(the tone to be fignified by bis Majefty’s proclamation,) continue and be fobjeft to all the pcovifions contained in any a& of parliament then in force for the pundbment of mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and to any articles of was made in purfuancc thereof, in all cafes whatever.

XXHL And be it further enabled. That whenever any corps efyeoauntyor volunteers (ball, with the approbation of his jetty, figoined through his principal fecretary of ftate, volun- or marching tardy aUeoMe or march to do military duty upon any appear- to do miEtaiy aoce of invafion, or for the purpofo of improving themfelvea in military exercife, except in the cafe hereinafter fpecified as to herem»ft«r corps of yeomanry cavalry, or (hall voluntarily march on being fpecified. called upon in purfoance of any qnjer from the lieutenant or Cberiff of the county, to ufil within the county or adjacent counties for the fuppreffion of riots or tumults, all fucla corps of yeo-nanry or volunteers (ball, in all fuch cafes, from the time of fo iffembling or marching as aforefaid,. and during the period of tbeir remaining on Aich military duty, or being engaged in fuch fervice as aforefeid, be fobjedt to military discipline, and to all the provifiona of any ift then in force for tbe puniflament of mutiny

ana

other regiment.

No officer of volunteer!

lot Ahno regni quadragefimo quarto Geoigii III. c. 54. [1804

and defertian, and for the better payment of the army and tbeir quarters, and to any articles of war made in purfuancc thereof. His Majefty XX IV. And be it further enadted, That in all cafes in which cor*Sunder* an^ corPs arc. affembled or marched, on any fumtnons orgesail SePcoimnund Signal of alarm, or are voluntarily doing military duty as of fuch gene- laid, under any of the provifions of this a&, it (hall be lanMfar ral officer as his Majefty to put fuch corps under the command of fuch genrii ^tnt*b ifto °®cers as Majefty (hall from time to time be pleafedtoi^ KChdr P°*nt f°r that purpofe, or as (hall be then commanding in the refpt/iivc of- diftridts in which fuch corps (hall refpedtivdy be affembW, ficei b; and	marched, or doing military duty: provided always, that f«h

n°effi:dtive	corps ihall be led by their rfcfpedtive officers, under fuch com*.

ballade to*be man<* 38 aforefaid; and no perfon enrolled or ferving in any fuck placed in any volunteer corps, fo long as the fervice of fuch corps (hall be coo* tinued by his Majefty, and as fuch perfon (hall remain an eftc* tive member thereof, (hall be liable to be placed in any regime^ battalion, or corps of regulars, militia, or fencibles, without hi free confent firft had and obtained.

________________  XXV,	Provided	always,	and	be	it	further enadted, That ot

ftaU fitonthe officer of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers (hall fit on aof trial of any court-martial upon the trial of any officer or foldier of hi officer or tol- Majefty's other forces; nor (hall any officer ferving in any d ©therVorcea, Majefty’s other forces fit on any court-martial upon the trid andcontrari- of any officer, noncommiflioned officer, drummer, trumpet^ wife.	or private man, in any corps of yeomanry or volunteers.

Rank of of- XXVI. And be it further enadted, That all officers in corps of yeomanry or volunteers, having com mi (Eons from his Majcfy or lieutenants of counties, or others who may be fpecrally autbo* rifed by his Majefty for that purpofe, (hall rank with the officcri of his Majefty’s regular and militia forces as the youngeftof their refpedtive ranks.

XXVII.	And be it further enadted. That it (hall be lavtiii for any commanding officer of any corps of yeomanry or voiun. tcers, when not fummoned or aflembled upon adtual fervice in ok of invafion or appearance of the enemy in force upon thecoaft, to di(charge any member of the corps under his command, not members, not being a commiffioned officer, for any difobediencc of orders, or ttiffionedof- breach °f difeipline while under arms, anda!fo for any negledtcf fleers, for dif* attendance and duty, or mifeondudt, or improper behaviour asi obedience of member of his corps, or for other fufficient caufe, the cxiftenc?

and fufficicncy of fuch feveral caufes refpedtively being to be judged of by fuch commanding officer, and immediately to ftnkt fuch perfon out of the mufter-roll of the corps to which he (Ml belong: provided always, that every fuch perfon (hall remain liable to all the provifions of this ad, as to compelling the payment of any fubferiptions, or arrears of fubfeription, or fines aiid forfeitures, incurred before or at the time of fuch difeharge, and as to the delivering up and reftoring of arms, accoutrements, and cloathing as hereinafter mentioned : provided alfo, that nothin; herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrueci to extend, ro ab*

ficers of the volunteer*.

Commanding officers of • corps, when net on adtual fervice, may difeharge

orders, &c.

Aft not to aftV ft a; y re

^roved'by'ilu ro8ate or a®5& aBy r*dc* or regulations of any fuch corps which '• - 1	have

proi

Mai

ijeftyj

I	804.] Amoregfri quadragefimo quarto*Gbobgii ITT. c. 54.	203

hire been or maybe Approved by bis Majefty; and which are or oiaj be applicable to the difcharge of any member of any corps when not fummoned or aflcmbled upon adtual fervice: provided alfo, that nothing herein contained (ball be conftrued nor to pre-toextend to prevent his Majefty from fignifying his pleafure in frorn**-fab manner, and giving directions with refpedt to any fuch cafe}* n*fyjng cf difcharge, or in refpedt to any rules and regujations with pW.»fUrere-to any cafes of difcharge, as to his Majefty (hall appear fpefting dif-toft iaft and proper,	charges, &c.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That Where fuch where the rules and regulations, approved or to be approved by notprw-

•iis Majefty, of any fuch corps, (hall not provide for any fuch ^ for any 'dies of mifcondudt, difobedience of orders, or breach of dif-cafc of rnif-dpline while under arms, it (hall be lawful for any command :ngc°ndll<^ Uf£ officer, in any fuch cafe of mifcondudt under arms as aforcfaid,col^uidinr todiiallow to the perfon fo mifcondudting himfelf the day on0fficcr may" which he (hall have (b mifcondudted himfelf, as a day of attend- difallow the incc, for the purpofe of entitling him to any exemption under d*y on which the provifions of this adt, and to direct that he (hall forfeit one conducted1111^ day's pay, in cafes where any pay is allowed, or either to dif- himfelf ™ a allow any fuch day of attendance, or to diredt the forfeiture of day of attend* one day’s pay, as fuch commanding officer (hall in bis diferetion anc^> Rethink fit, and which pay fuch perfon fo mifcondu&ing himfelf (hall forfeit accordingly,	.	.

XXIX.	And be it further enadted, That, from and after the Perfons m\U paffmg of this adt, every perfon who (hall not during the times

of training and exercife, or of his being under arms, or wearing during cxer-the doatbing or accoutrements of the corps, and going to any cife,&c. may place of exercife or aflembly of the corps, conduct himfelf in a Reordered decent and orderly manner, or (hall not obey the lawful com-into mini of the officer or officers commanding, may be ordered by fuch officer into the cuftody of any perfon or perfons belonging to fuch corps, for the time during which fuch corps (hall then remain under arms,

XXX.	And whereas doubts have ariftn as to the right of perfons enrolled in corps of yeomanry or volunteers to withdraw themfelves from or quit the fame, and it is expedient that fuch doubts Jhould be

rmtved; for remedy whereof, be it therefore declared and Volunteers

cnafted. That, from and after the paffing of this adt, it (hall be

lawful for any perfon enrolled in any corps of yeomanry or called

volunteers, at any time (except when fummoned, or aiTembled out in cafe of

upon adtual fervice, in cafe of adtual invafion or appearance of invafion, &c.

the enemy in force upon the coaft, or voluntarily aiTembled for

the purpofe of doing military duty, under any of the provifions,

or in any of the cafes fpecined in this act) to quit fuch corps,

and fuch perfon (hall accordingly be (truck out of the mufter-

foll of fuch corps in the manner and under the conditions

hereinafter mentioned.

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That, but not with-from and after the paffing of this adt, no fuch perfon (hall be

entitled to quit any fuch corps wiftoqt giving fourteen days notice qllit> nor

in arms, dec.

204 A*bo regni quadragefimo quarto Georgh III. c. 54. [1804

(hall have been in writing of fachhis intention, to the commanding officer thereof SS-y nor unt^	^avc ^e**v*1^ UP 10	commanding office!

paid* et or to fomo perfon appointed by him to receive the tame, d arms, accoutrements, cfaathing, and appointments, that (ba| have been furnilhed to him at thepublick expence, ortyanj ocher perfon, or at the charge of any fubfcription for fumiihm; fuch articles, in good order and condition (reafonabte wear an) tear only excepted), and (hall haye paid all fubferiptions, an arrears of fubferiptions, and alfo all fines and penalties incifrre by him, under any of the rules and regulations of his corp; either before or at the time of or by reafon of his quitting fuc Volunteers, corps: provided always, that if any perfoir enrolled in any corf not receiving of yeomanry or volunteers, other than and except the perfoe content pay, hereinbefore mentioned ars receiving the conftant pay of the hbl^efty^s ran^» at time hereafter enllft in any of his Majefty forces, &c. forces, or (hall enroll hitnfelf as a fobftitute or volunteer in x\ (hall be confi- militia or any fuch additional force as afore&id, every fue perfon (hall, immediately after fuch enlifting or enrolment, fc ”a,gede confidered as difeharged to all intents and purpofos from fuc corps of yeomanry or volunteers; and the commanding office of fuch corps of yeomanry or volunteers (hall,* upon fuch en lifting or enrolment being duly notified to him*'and upoi receiving back from fuch perfon the arms, accoutrements cloathing, and appointments of fuch perfon in the manner before mentioned, ftrike the namo of fuch perfon out of the muftcr-ml of fuch corps of yeomanry or volunteers, and (hall fpcciallj certify the fame in the next return to be made under die provi-fions of this aft.

Perfon* quit- XXXII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, Thai 00 * th£rdif_ every perfon who (hall quit any corps of yeomanry or volun-chargcd^or" teers, or be difeharged therefrom for non-attendance, or an] roifeonduft, mifeonduft or misbehaviour as aforefaid, (hall immediate!) fhall become thereupon, unlefs otherwife exempted, become liable to ferve, il •Utl^l°Tf Ve be have before been chofen or (hall thereafter be chofcn 2c.and‘toia’ by ballot, in the militia or fuch additional force ae aforefaid; pay tb$ duties and (ball alfo immediately become liable to fuch Of the duties on horfes and chargeable in relied of keeping or ufing any horfe, mare, or teir^wder • 8e^*n8» or wearing hair-powder, for which fuch perfon (halt and Inch quit- have acquired any right of exemption for the year ending on ting or dll- the fifth day of April next after the time of his quitting or being charge (ball be difeharged from fuch corps ; and the commanding officer ot g£SiU evei7 **ucb corPs forthwith certify the quitting or difiharge ing officer to" fuch perfon to the clerk of the general meetings of the county the clerk of in which fuch corps (hall bo formed, and alfo to the aSkffor of the general the faid duties for the parifh or place in which fuch perfon (hall rc^e* and foch afleffor (hall forthwith deliver fuch certificate of the duticefr to the furveyor of the diftrift in which fuch pari(h or place (hall who (hall de- be fituate, who (hall certify the fame to the commiffioners fiver the cer- afting in the execution of the before-recited aft for the fame '	diftrift, who (hall forthwith caufo fuch exemption to be dif-

y *	*	allowed, and the afieflment of fuch perfon, if any fucb affeflroent

(hall

jSo4.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgu Ilf. c. 54. 205 (hall before have been made, to be amended, or otherwife a new ifleffinent to be made in refpeft of fuch duties for fuch year lading as aforefiid.

XXXIil. Provided alfo, and be it farther enafted, That ft Perfona think-Ml be lawful for any perfon who may have given notice* in inS tkmfelvea voting to the commanding officer of his corps, of his intention ^Smanding fertfign, and whorftay think himfelf aggrieved by reafon of any officer refuu kk commanding officer refufmg to ftrike his name out of any ing to ftrike ink mufter-roll, oh account of any fubfcription or arrears oftheir 2^e§ Ascription, or any fines, penalties, or forfeitures not having J^to-nSls ken paid, or of any arms, accoutrements, doathing, or appoint- may appeal to teems not having been delivered up, or not having been deli- two deputy veted up in good ftate and condition, or on any other account lieutenant!, wharfoever, to appeal to any two deputy lieutenants of the fub- jnuffic^who divifion in which fuch corps fhall have been formed v or of any mJay deter-tdjotning fubdivilion, or to any one deputy lieurenant and one mine the iiune. /office of the peace, a ding within any fuch fubdivifion, (not king members of fuch corps); and it (hall be lawful for fuch deputy lieutenants and juftices of the peace aforefaid to heir and determine fuch appeal, and to examine any perfon of perfons thereon, upon.oath (which oath fuch deputy lieutenant* and juftices of the peace aforefaid refpeftively, are herefiy authored to adminifter), and to difeharge fuch perfon*from fuch corps if they flaall think, under all the circumflances, that fuch perfon hath complied with the proviftons of this aft, and to order the commanding officer forthwith to ftrike fuch perfon out » of the mufter-roll of fuch corps, or to order and direft the payment of any fuch Aim of money as may appear to them ougnt to be paid by fuch perfon, in refpeft of any fueh fobfeription or arrears, or fines, penalties, or forfeitures as aforefaid, or to order and direft the delivery of any arms, accoutrements, doathing, or appointments, or the .payment of any fuch fum of money as (hall appear to them to he reafonable, for any lofs of arms, accoutrements, doathing, or appointments, or any damage that may have been done thereto before fuch difeharge; . and all fuch fums of money (hall *and may be levied, recovered, and applied, in like manner, as any like fines, penalties, forfeitures, or fums of money, may be recovered and applied; and the determination of fuch deputy lieutenants and iuftices of the peace aforefaid (hall be final and Conclufive to all intents and purpofcs whatever*

XXXIV.	And be it further enaftod, That fo much of an aft, nuichof pafled in the Iaft feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft to amend 0« aft9 made in this prefent fejfion of parliament, intituled, 4 fln aft iatcs to the to amend and render more tffiftual an aft, pafled in the prejent feflion allowance to §f parliament intituled, 44 An aft to enable bis Majtfty more efleftualty perfom em-to provide fer the defenct and fecurity of the realm during the prefent war; and for indemnifying perfom who may fufler in their property tecr c^p, [n by fitch nuafures as may be ntceflary for that furpofe4 and to the ufc of enable his Moyefly more effeftuady and fpeedily to exercife bis ancient ^ms> repealed undoubted prerogative, in requiring the military fxrvice of bis**'

liege

206 Annoregm quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c.54. [1804.

liege fuljeth in cafe of invafion of the realm,’ as directs that the fum of two (hillings and fix-pence per day (hall be allowed to any ferjeant or other perfon employed by any commanding officer for the purpofe of inftm&ing any volunteer corps in the ufe of arms, and directs the manner in which fuch fums fha/J be paid, and impofes any penalties in cafe of the non-payment thereof, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed,

A& not to . XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That defence nothing in this adt contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to than hereby extcn^> ,n any manner, to alter, vary, or repeal any of the pro-altered. vifions of any of the ads paffed in the laff feflion of parliament relating to the defence of the realm, and for the purpofe of enabling his Majcfty more effeduallv and fpeedily to exercife his ancient and undoubted prerogative in requiring the military fervice of his liege fubjeds, in cafe of invafion of the realm, except fo far as any of fuch provifions are hereby exprefsly altered, varied, or repealed.

When volun- XXXVI. And be it further enadted, That when any corps jfcmbkdTon yeomaDry or volunteers (hall have affembled on any fummons fummons of of any lieutenant of the county in which they (hall be refpec-the county*	lively formed, or his vice-lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, or

lieutenant,	upon the making any general fignal of alarm as aforefaid, the

ceivw-eencral rece*ver“gcnera^ of *hc ratcs anc^ duties under the management of the duties	of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes for the county,

under the	riding, or place, if in England, and the colicdor of the cefs of

commiffioners the county, if in Scotland, to which fuch corps (hall belong, (hall In tend* and anc* *5 ^icr^y required to pay to the captain or other com-the^colledor landing officer of any troop or company of fuch corps, the fum of the cefs in of two guineas, for the ufe of every volunteer in fuch trbopor / Scotland, fhall company who Ihall fo affemble; and whenever any fuch corps ca^tain^of	hereafter	voluntarily affemble to do military duty upon any

the troop or appearance of invafion, or^for the purpofe of improving them-company two felves in military exercife under the provifions of this ad, it guineas for (hall be lawful for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury to Md'when vo- order and diredfc that any fum, not exceeding one guinea for hintarily af- ** every volunteer who (hall fo affemble, (hall be paid to the cap-fembled, the tain or othej commanding officer of every troop or company of treafury may fuch corps; and fuch fum, not exceeding one guinea, (hall, foeach* to be uPon cvcry fuc^ order, be paid, by every fuch receiver-general paid In like * or colledtor aforefaid, to the captain or commanding officer of manner. each troop or company as aforefaid; and the money fo received, in any of the cafes aforefaid, by any captain or other commanding officer, or fo much thereof as fuch captain or other commanding officer (hall think ncceffary, (hall be laid out in providing ncccf-Captains to faries for each fuch volunteer; and fuch captain or commanding *CC°fot th^C °®cer within one month after the receipt of fuch money, e account to the fcveral perfons for whofe ufe the fame (hall have been received, how the fame hath been applied or difpofed of, and (hall at the time of fettling fuch account pay the remainder, if any, to the perfons entitled thereto; and all the money fo paid by any receivers-general or, collectors aforefaid (hall be allowed

them

iSof] Anno regni quadragcfiino quarto Gsorgii III. c. 54.	207

them in their accounts; and all perfons whatever who (hall

hire given anj orders or directions for the payment, or who

fell have paid, for the life of any perfon in any fuch corps who

fall have voluntarily afTetnbled as aforefaid before the paffing

of this ad, any fum not exceeding one guinea for each fuch

volunteer, (hall be and are hereby indemnified: provided always, *n<? not to

fat nothing herein contained (hall extend to authorife the of men

apain of any fuch troop or company to demand, draw for, or not defiring it.

necive any (uch fum, or any part thereof, for the ufe of any

perfon or perfons fcrving therein, who (hall .not defire to be

entitled to the benefit thereof.

XXXVII. And be it further ena&ed,. That all perfons en- Volunteers, rolled in any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, when afletfibled J*hcn aflem-as aforefaid on any invafion or appearance of the enemy in force ^clnt*a* oaihecoaft, or for the fuppreffion of rebellion or in fur region, rccejvc pa„ or when voluntarily afleitibled, and doing jnilitary duty, with and be billet-the approbation of his Majefty, under any of the provifions of a8 °ther this ad, (hall be entitled t;o and (hall receive pay during the forcc8* periods of their fo remaining aflcmbled as aforefaid, in fuch aanner and after fuch rates, according to their refpedive ranks and iituations in fuch corps, and he entitled to be quartered and* billctted, in like manner, in every refped and under and fubjcCt to the fame regulations,' as the officers, non-commiffioned officer*, drummers, and private men of his Majefty’s other forces, as far as the fame (hall by his Majefty be deemed applicable (0 yeomanry and volunteer corps.

XXXvIII. And be it further enabled, That whenever any an.£ their fa-corps of yeomanry or volunteers (hall be fo affemblcd or	to	the

marched as aforefaid on any invafion, or appearance of an fame relief as raemy in force upon the coaft, or in cafe of any 'rebellion or the families of infuiredion arifing or exifting as aforefaid, or of riots or tumults, militia-meu. or for the purpofe of voluntarily doing military duty under any t of the provifions of this a&, all perfons enrolled therein who (hall join on fuch affembling and marching as aforefaid, and who (hall leave families unable to fupport themfelves, (hall, during the period of their abfence or fervice on military duty as aforefaid, be entitled to fuch and the like relief for their wives and families, and under fuch and the like circumftances, as are mentioned in two feveral adts, palled in the laft feffion of parliament, for providing relief for the families of militia-men in ~

England and Scotland refpedtively, when called out into actual fervice*, and for that purpofe, all the rules,. regulations, provifions, powers, authorities, penalties, and forfeitures, in the faid lad mentioned ads refpe&ively contained, (hall extend and be conftrued to extend to the giving fuch relief as aforefaid, as fully and effe&ually as if the fame were herein enadted; provided Mon,7. y h always, that all fums of money which (hall be advanced and f^Hes^in10 paid to the wives and families of fuch men, in England, under Enghnd, to any order for that purpofe, ft)all, upon delivery of a quarterly be repaid to account* of the payment thereof, .certified..*fld figned by two *hc °verfecr* jufticcs of the. peace of the county in which fuch relief (hall be received-1111 T

given, general.

ao8 Anno tegui quadragelimo quarto Gxoacii III. c. $4. [1804.

given, be repaid to the overfeer or overfcers, or psrilh officer or officers, eyho (hall have advanced the fame, by the receiver* general of filth county, out of any pubiick money io his handt, and (hall be allowed in the account of fuch receiver«generil; Noafleff- provided alfo, that no afleffment (hall be made to nuke good , made in Scot* <*'c amount of any fums paid for fuch relief to fuch wives md land for re- families in Scotland under this ad, in the manner drreded by tech payment of laft-mentioned atft relative to Scotland, to snake good the ism *®ch money, paid to the wives and himi lies of militia-men, parfuant thereto. After defeat XXXIX. And be it further Cnadltd, That after the defeat ircth e vo^y>	2n^ exPu^on °f the enemy from Great Britan, and fopprtffiot

lunteen fhall °f Bny fu*h rebellion or infurrettion, to be notified as aforefaid, be returned to all corps of yeomanry or volunteers which (hall. have bees their wlpec- afiembled ana marched out of their refpedtive counties, (hall and amdnea’	^	returned	to	their	rcfpe&ive	coup	ties,	and	the	fum

paid to each of one guinea (hail be paid, under the direction of any geoml man willing or other fuperior officer under whole command fuch corps flail to receive it. then happen to be, to every fuch perfbn therein To permitted to return home as aferefaid, who (hall be willing to receive the fame, over and above the ufual rate of pay to which fuch per-lon (hall be entitled, in order the better to enable him to return to his pariflv.

Commiffloned XL. And be it fanher enaAed, That all eommiffiontd abJMtofer- officers of corps of yeomanry or volunteers, who flail be diftbled vice to be * >n >Ao«l fervice, wall be entitled to half-pay, according to entitled to their ranks; and all noixommif&oned officers, drummers, and h«lf-P»y. a?d private men of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, fo dibbled, g^s^s	**	entitled to the benefit of Cbtifta Hodpitatl; end tk

and privates widows of all fuch commiffioned officers, killed in fervice, fhdl toCheHea be entitled to receive fuch penfions for life as are given to widows of officere in his Maiefty’s regular forces, cfficcn'killed	XLI- And be it farther enaAed, That no officer who it

to penfions	entitled to half-pay (hall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit

for fife.	fitch half-pay during the time he fhall fervi and receive pay as

Half-pay may adjutant or quarter-matter in any corps of yeomanry or volua* be received by teers, but that the feme fhall neverthelefs continue j and inftead the oath ufitaHy required of half-pay officers, to entitle them ten, on talcing to ttw receipt of their half-puy, every fuch officer fo entitled to the following half-pay, and ferviog as aforefaid, (hall take the following oath; oath.

Oath. * T A. B. do fwear. That I had nor, between the

X and the	any	place or employment of

profit, civil or military, under his Ms jetty, befidcs my allowance of half-pay as a reduced	in	late regiment

of	feve	and	except	my	pay	as adjutant or quarter-

matter,	[at the cafe may	be] for ferving in the

corps of yeomanry or volunteers of the	[«r	tbt

cqftmoyit.']

. And the taking of the faid oath fhall, without taking any other 1 oath, be fiifficiont to entitle fitch petfon to receive bis half-pay.

XLII. And

A

iltaf] Anno regni quadragefirao quhrto Gfcofton III. c. $4. -409

XLII. And be it further enaded, Thai it (hall be lawful for Commanding the commanding officer of any corps receiving arms and accou-trrmenrs jupplied at the publick expence, or by fubfeription, to fSTdcpofiti^ appoint a proper place in the pari(h or place in which his corps arms and dull be formed, or in each of the different parifhes or places, if accoutre* more companies than one are formed in different parifhes, andmt"t8» united in one corps, as the cafe may require, and as may Teem j£re°of them! apedien; for the depofiting and fafe keeping of the arms and ac- and the decrements of his corps, and alfo to appoint proper perfons to puty-lieute-, repair and keep fuch arms in good ftate and condition; and it	-	&

(hall be lawful for any two or more deputy-lieutenants of the thV^expenS fubdirifion in which any fuch parifh or parifhes (hall be, and (hall be paid , once in every year at the leaft, to view fuch arms and accoutre- in England by rotors, for the purpofc of afeertaining the ftate and condition thc receiver-thereof; and all reafonable expences which (hall or may be in-	*

corred in placing and keeping fuch arms and accoutrements, v and in maintaining them clean and in proper repair, order, and condition, if approved of under the hands of two deputy-lieutenants or one deputy-lieutenant and one juflice of t he peace, of the fubdivifion in which fuch arms and accoutrements (hall be dcpofited, (hall, on delivery to the receiver-general, if in Eng* bnd) of the county in which fuch arms (hall be dcpofited, of a quarterly, half-yearly, or yearly account thereof, figned and approved by any two deputy-lieutenants, or one deputy-lieutenant and one juftice of the peace, as aforefaid, together with the certificate of the commanding officer of the corps, or captain efthe company to which fuch arms (hall belong, that the arms	#

ire in good repair, ftate, order, and condition, be pajd by fuch receiver-general as aforefaid, out of any publick monies in his hods, and (hall be allowed in the account of fuch receiver-general as aforefaid: provided always, that no expence to be hu* 00 ex-incurred as aforefaid fhall exceed in amount fuch fum as his Majefty (hall be ple£fed to authorise and diredl, by any order to fui^autho-be communicated through his Majefty's principal fecretary ofrifedbyhia (late, to the lieutenant or deputy-lieutenants of the county. Majefty.

XLI1I. Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed. That in Scotland Account* of the accounts of all fuch expences relative to the placing and keeping fuch arms and accoutrements, and maintaining (hai^e trand themdean and in proper repair, order, and condition, certified fitted to the in the manner above directed, fhall be tranfmitted to the ford barons «.f ih$ chief baron and barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, 'xchcquci^ who are hereby empowered to reftridt the amount to fuch fum as they (hall think reafonable, not exceeding fuch fum as his warrant for Majefty fhall have been pleafed to authorife and dire& in man payment, ner aforefaid, and 1 to grant warrant for payment thereof out of the revenues of fhe land-tax, affeffed taxes, or confolidated duties of cuftoms or excife, or any of them, which they fhall think moft proper to apply for this purpofc.

XLIV. And be it further ena&ed, That all.arms delivered Arms to be out of the publick ftores, or fuCniftied at the publick expence, markcd* for the ufe of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, (hall be Yot.XLV.	P	marked

lfo ’Anno regnt quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. C. $4. [18044

marked df(Hn<£lly in fome vifible place with the letter V. and the initial of the county to which fuch corps fhall belong; and in pwiilty for cafe any man (hall fell, pawn* or Iofe any arms, accoutrement, Idling arms clothing, or ammunition delivered to him, or (hall wil&Jr damage any fuch arms or accoutrements, every fuch mania" and it’not* ^or every fuch ofFence forfeit and pay a fuxn not exccefc,; .paid, the forty (hillings ; and if fuch man (hall nor immediately pay fun party may be penalty, it (hall be lawful for any juftice of the peace feliding :n committed. or ncar t|,c p|acc where the offence fhall be committed, to take cognizance of thfe fame, and to commit fuch perfon as (hail be convi&ed of fuch offence before him to the next gaol, or boufe of corredtton, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one week, or until he fhall have paid the (aid penalty. Penalty for XLV. And be it further enadted, That if any perfon (hd *nn.#* knowingly and wilfully buy, take in exchange, conceal, or mcnts'&c. otherwise receive any arms, accoutrements or cloathing, or as? and if not publick (lores or ammunition delivered for the ufe of any corps piid, the of yeomanry or volunteers, the perfon fo offending (hall forfrt offender may - an(j pay for CYCry fuels offence the fum often pounds; and/ commi te<,# fuch offender (hall not immediately pay fuch penalty, and thsl not have fufficient go?ds and chattels whereon to levy fuch penalty by diftrefs in the banner hcrein-after mentioned, nt fuch juftice of the peace as aforefaid before whom he or (he (halt be convifled, (ball commit him or her to fuch common gaol of houfe of corre&icn, there to remain, without bail or mainprirt, for the foace of three months, or until he or (he (hall have pa*/ , ,	___ the faid nne.

^cavaJr>rpi XLVI*. And be it further enafled; That whenever the per-(hau'be^efi* ®>ns enrolled in any corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavilr*, rous of affera-whether any infantry be attached to fuch corps^or not, or Si bliqg under majority of them, when not fummoned upon actual fervice, at oRheiYown^ voiuntar^y affembled for the purpofe of doing military duty, officers, the an<* Fubjedled to military difeipline, under the provifions of • coiinty lieu- this a & as aforefaid, fhall, through their commanding officer, tenant, with fignify in writing to the lieutenant of the county wherein fca corFs ^ ra|kd> or cafe vacancy, or in the abfenceo: Majefty, may the lieutenant, to the vice-lieutenant or deputy-lieutenants ex*« make an 7 cuting the office of the lieutenant, their delire toaffemble und;i order for that the command of their own officers, at any convenient place r*r PUr*rd«r P*aCcs within the fame county, for the purpofe of being trained «ny0jukice°of an<* exercifed for any fpace of time not exceeding in. the wta’e the county, fourteen day6, either fucceffivety or at intervals, within the who fhall iffue fpace of twelve months, and either in feparate corps, or togeiha J“#	with any other corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry, who

the non- 08 fhall a^° ^avc fi&n,fied their defire of aflembling for that purpose commiffioncd in like manner, or with any regiment, troop or troops of his officers and Majefty’s regular forces of cavalry, in cafe his Majefty /hail ' think proper to give directions to fuch of his forces for that forers may be PurP°fe* it (hall be lawful for fuch lieutenant, vice-lieuteo3nr, biiietted; but or deputy-lieutenants refpedlively, in purfuance of the defire of corps ibafiem- any fuch corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry, to be fignifieJ

5	*

iSo4*] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54,

211

in manner aforefaid, and with the approbation of his Majefty, bled (hall not Unified by his principal lector ary of ftate, to make an order for	0	>

aficmbling fuch yeomanry or volunteer cavalry, and likewife to fawa% y tired an order to any juftict of the peace of the county where fuch corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry (ball, be appointed to iffemble, fpecitying the place or places at which} and the cat or limes during which fuch corps of yeomanryor volun- ’	'

»r cavalry are to continue fo affembled under the authority of this ad; and the juftice of the peace to whom fuch order mall . fee directed (hall ifltie his precept to the conftable, headborough,	w	*

tythingman, or other peace-officer of the place where fuch corps are to he, aflembled, for quartering and billetting rhe non-dommiffioned officers, trumpeters or buglegtpn^ and privates qf fuch corps, upon fuch perfons and in fuch houies* fituate in or near the place dr places fpccified in fuch order, as-his Majbfty** forces may by law be quartered and billetted upon j and from and after the receipt^ of fuch precept, it (hall be lawful for fqch conibble, head borough, tythingman, or other proper officer as tforefaid, and he is hereby required to .billet the non-com* milEoned officers, trumpeters or buglemen, and private men, of fuch ebrps of yeomaqry or volunteer cavalry in cr near fuch place or places as aforefaid, and in fuch manner as any of his llajefty’s other forces may by law be quartered and billetted . .	.

therein as afbre&'rd: "provided always, that nothing herein contained (hail extender be conftrued to extend to fubjeft any fuch corps to .the provifions of any aft then in force for the puni(h* 1 meet of mutiny and defertion, or any articles*of war made in purfuance thereof, by reafon of any fuch aflemblidg for-the purpofe. of being trained and exercifed for any fpace of time hot exceeding fourteen days as aforefaid.

XLV1L And be it further cnafted, That in all cafes, and A&* forbd-duriog the times in which any corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry £bs*ll be quartered and billetted in purfuanee of the pro- fo^es to* vifijns of. this aft, all and every the powers, provifions, rules, extend to fuch penalties, matters and things, provided and eftablifhed by any corps when td or ads now or hereafter to be in force for quartering and billetted. billetting his Majefty’s forces, (bail be ufed and put in practice for quartering and billetting fuch corps of yeomanry or volunteer * cavalry, as; fully and effectually as if all and every the faid •powers, provifions, roles, penalties, matters, and things, had I keen fpecially ena&ed in the body of this aft, fo far as the fame Stall by his Majefty be deemed applicable to corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry.

, XLVill. And be it further enafted. That whenever the When the leutenant, ordepi#tyrlieutenant$ idling as aforefaid, of any hertetunt county, (hall have fixed the day and place of exercife for my thedav Inch corps of yeomanry, or volunteer cavalry, he or they (hall, pb<?eof , as foon as may be, certify the fame to the fecretary at war or his exernfe for 1 fi.puty, fpecifying the number of men, and the number of days any fuch Appointed for exercifing them? not exceeding in the wholefou> -	^^*5

pen days j and the fecretary at war or his deputy is hereby re- particulars to

in Annoregni quadragefimo quarto Georgii til. <*. 54. [ 1804.

thefecretary quin*^ within fourteen days after the receipt of fuch certificate1

SLll order° a lo cau^ to ^ anc* Pa^ t0 t^le officer having the commanc to be°ifl‘ue<Cay °f cac^ corps, at the rate of two (hillings per day for each volunteer of ybomanry or of volunteer cavalry who (hall attend the place of exercife, and one fhiliing and four-pence per daj for each horfe, mare, or gelding, belonging to fuch corps, andufed inexercifeon that day.

Commanding . XLIX. And be it further ena&ed, That the officer havin? ^^account c<wlwT,an<* fuch corps of yeootanfy or volunteer cavalr lift he follow- fh*l! make up an account of all the monies received and paid b; ing form j fiim, on account of fuch exercife, in the following form:

touoty of

To Cafh received for < Pays' Pay of ; Men •	-	-	-

To Ditto for Days' Allowance for Horfcs

who (hall deliver it, and pay the bal-lance to fuch perfon as the lecretary at war (hall appoint. Subfcriptions, arms, Sec. veiled in the commanding officer.

Dr.

£•

d.

per Contra

Paid	Yeo-

manry Men, for their Attendance at the Place.of Exercife on the Days appointed, being Days'Pay -

Paid . Allowance for	Horfcs, ufed

in Exercife for Days	-

Cr.

£-

s.'d

If fuHfcrlp-tiorfs or fines be not paid, a -.may

\

Which account (hail be figned by the o$cer having the com-jnand of fuch corps; and fuch officer (hall, within ten days afterl the time fuch exercife is (inilhed, deliver fuch account, and pay the balance, if there be any due, to fuch perfon as the fecretary, at war or his deputy (hall order and dirclt.

L» And be it further enalted, That all money fubfcribed bi or for the ufe of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers, and all arms, (tores, ammunition, drums, fifes, or mufical inftruments, or other articles, of whatever kind or fort the fame may be, belonging to any fuch corps, or ufed by any fuch corps, not being the property of any particular individual of fuch corps, (hall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be veiled in the commanding officer thereof, for all purpofes of indidmenr, a&ion, or fait, criminal or civil, in law or equity, and (hall for fuch purpofe be deemed and tak>en to be the property of fuch commanding officer, and (hall and may be laid fo to be in any indiAtnenr, or may be fued for and recovered as fuch, or may be dated to be fuch in any action or fuit relating thereto; and no indidmenr, fuit, allion, or profecution, (hall be difcontinued or abated by the death, refignation, or removal of any fuch commanding officer, but the fame may be proceeded in by the fuccecding commanding officer, or the commanding officer for the time being, any law, cuftom, or uCage to the contrary notwitb-(landing.

LI. And be it further enalted, That'Where anyperfcn enrolled in any corps of yeomanry or volunteers (hail negled or refufe, on demand made for that purpofe, to pay any fum or

fums

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gborgii III* c. 54.	213

foms of money fubferibedor required by iny rules or regulations dircft double of fuch corps to be fubferibed by him, towards any expences thereof, or to pay any fines or penalties incurred under any of roJly he'levied the rules or regulations thereof, then aad in fuch cafe it (hall be by diftrefs* * lawful for any juftice of the peace.refiding in or near to the place where fuch corps (hail be, on application made for that purpofe by any commanding or field-officer, or adjutant, or ferjeant* sujor, under any order of the commanding officer of any fuch corps, and proof thereof, to diredt double the amount thereof, to he paid as a penalty or forfeiture; and if fuch perfon (ha|l refufe or neglcd to pay tne fame for the fpace of feven days, then to ( ciufe the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the defaulter’s goods and chattel, by warrant under his hand and feal, rendering the overplus, if any, on demand, after deducing the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale, to the perfons whole gd-ds and chattels (hall have been fo diftrained and fold; and the fums fo Applicationot levied lhall go to the general ftock of fuch corps, to be applied *h« in the general expences thereof, in like manner as any fub-feription or fum of money received by or for fuch corps may be applied; or where there (hall be no fuch fubfeription or ftock of fuch corps, then to any fuch purpofes relating to fuch corps as the commanding officer thereof may think fit: provided always, Juftice may that it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice of peace to mitigate any mitigate pc-sccumulated fines or penalties, in fuch amount as he (hall in* his nalUcS> diferetion think fit, having regard to the circumftances and fitua* tian of the party incurring the fame; but fo as that the amount offuch mitigated fines or penalties (hall not be lc(s than one half of the full amount of fuch accumulated fines and penalties.

L1I. And be it further enaded. That eyery perfon who (hall PeHons rebut received, or may have in his cuftody, power, or poffefBon, or /hall hereafter receive, or have in his cuftody, power, or pof- &*. fable to fdfion, any arms, accoutrements, cloathing, ammunition, or penalty,which (lores, or drums, fifes, or mufical inftruments, or other articles may. tforefaid, heretofore or that may hereafter be furniftied from the publklt (tores, or at the publick expence, or at the expence or'diftreit the charge of any fubfcriptioQ for providing fuch articles, or of any offender may * perfon or perfons, and who lhall refufe or negledt, on being re- be committed quired by the commanding officer for the time being, or by his direfiion, to deliver up any fuch arms, accoutrements, cloathing, ammunition, or ftores, or drums, fifes, or mufical inftruments, or other articles aforefaid* (hall, on being convi&ed thereof before any juftice of the peace of the county within which fuch arms, accoutrements, cloathing, amtnuni ion, or ftores (hall be, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds for every fuch offence, and double the value of the arms, accoutrements, cloathing, ammunition, or ftorps fo detained as aforefaid, to be levied by diftrefs and (ale of the offender’s goods and chattels* by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducing the charges of fuch diftrefe and fair, to the perfon whofe goods and chattels lhall have been fo dif-trained and fold; and for want of fuch fufficient diftrefs, fuch

juftice

penalty.

Money paid by receiver-general to be replaced out pf the fir ft aids.

Clerks to general and fubdiyifton meetings in

Anno regni quadfagefimo quarto Gboroii III. c. 54. [1804.

Jufiice is hereby required to commit fiich offender to the coo raon gaol of the county, riding, or place where the offence (bill have been committed for any time not exceeding two months\ ^PP^cati<mofwd tfoc ponies arifing by fuch penalty (haU go and be applied fTf to the ufe of his Majcfty, his heirs and fucceflors.

LIIL And be it further ena&ed, That all fums of mtj paid by any receiver-general in pursuance of this act, and returned into	and allowed in	the receipt* of his	Majeftyls exchequer, (hall	be replaced to	fuch accounts as	the fame* were

law applicable, out of the firft aids and Supplies which (hall be thereafter granted to his Majefiy by parliament*

LIV. And be it further' ena&ed, That the refpe&ive ctoki {0 the general meetings of lieutenancy, and clerks to fubdivilioa meetings in England, (hall receive fuch reward for their paint England to be and trouble	in and about the execution of this	a&, and for wr.id

rewarded for	they (hall not be entitled to	any reward under	any laws rel-Mtg

fqeir trouble. to t[jC militia, as the deputy-lieutenants aflembied at any meetir?

held for that purpofe, at which not fefs than five deputy* lieutenants (hall be prefent, (hall think reafonahle and propr*; fuch reward to be paid and allowed as any rewards to fuchdcrii refpc&ively, are paid and. allowed under any fuch laws relate to the militia*

Such rewards LV\ And be it further ena&ed, That in Scotland fuch rewanJt In ^cotianrt, to as the refpe&ivc clerks to the general meetings of lieutenant th/barons of c*erks °f fubdivifion meetings, (hall be entitled to for their thccxchcquer. pains and trouble in and about the execution of this a&, Ifol be certified by the lieutenant of the county where the fame ihd rcfpe&ively be occafioncd, or by any two or more deputy, lieutenants of fuch county, to the lord chief baron *nd barctf of the court of exchequer in Scotland, who are hereby empowered to reftri& the amount, and to grant warrant for payment there* of in the manner herein-before dire&ed, in the cafe of expend attending the placing and keeping of arms and accoutrements and maintaining the fame in good repair, order, and condition. So future	LV1* And be it further ena&ed. That, from and after (fit

rules or re-	paffing of this a&, no future rules or regulations (hall be vaM

vadMuSef* or	on	My c01fps of yeomanry or volunteers, or for any

fifemitted to purpofes of this a&, or for any other purpofe, unleft the ro'n-the principal mantling officer of fuch corps, (hall think fit to tranfmit the fame fccretary of to the lieutenant or vice-lieutenant of the county in which fuch not difallowed CQrPs have been or (hall be formed, and unlefs the (a.d py hi* Majcfty. lieutenant or vicerlieutenant of the county (hall think proper to 7 fubmU the fame to his Majefty’s principal fecretary of ftate; and fiich rules and regulations fo tranfmitted and fubmitred, Itol), if not difallowed by his Majefiy, within twenty-eight days alter the receipt thereof, by his Majefty’s principal fecretary of (toe, be confidered as approved and confirmed j and the lieutenant or yice-Iieutcnant of tbd county (hall fignify fuch approbation and confirmation to .the. faid commanding officer, to be forthwith communicated by him *o his corps; and the rules and regu-lajtions fo uaniiniUed, fubmiticd* confirmed, and communicated,

;	;	dull

rSo4*] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgn III. c. 54*	21$

ftall be binding and valid for thfc purpofes of this aft, or*for any other purpoie regarding the fervicet and good tonduft of fuch corps.

LVII. Provided, That nothing in this aft contained, {hall His Majefty extend, or be cpnflrued to extend, to prevent his	from	m*y annul

annulling at any time, any rules 6r regulations which may have J^iJrionsf been or (hall be made refpefting any corps 'of volunteers,	.	„

LVIII. And be it further declared and enafted, That no Acceptance of perfon who has accepted or (hall hereafter accept of a commiflioii'commi®on8 in any corps of yeomanry or volunteers in Great Britain or *?nVp**l* bdand^ (hall be deemed in refpeft thereof, to have vacated or to lament. * vacate his Cm at as a member returned to ferve in parliament. .

LIX. And be it further enafted, Thar the feveral forms of Returns, returns, certificates, and fchedules, hereunto annexed, (hall be	yaiyr

deemed refpeftively valid and effeftual for the feveral purpofes of this aft to* which they apply; but that if, from any variation bC hcMtfiftt. of circumftances or other reafon, the faid forms {hould not be	»

drift!y adhered to, ihftruments of a ifimilar import (hall never-, thrlefs he admitted and received, and be held in like manner valid and effeftual.	'

LX. And be it further enafted, That all provifions, directions, Provifions re-daufes, matters, and things whatever in this aft contained, re*- lating tp bring to counties, (hall extend and be confirmed to extend to all ftewartries, ridings, divifions, cities, and places in Gnat Britain $ n^fngS,&c. and all provifions, direftions, claofes, matters, and things what* and to corps, ever in this aft contained, relating-to corps of yeomanry or ,t0 **tc»d to , volunteers, {hall extend to and be conftrued and deemed to ex-? [^^g^rcnt’ tend to all independent troops of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry companies# and companies of infantry, as fully and amply as if they were lererally and refpeftively repeated ifi every fuch provifion, dU region, and claufe, and with relatiop to every fuch matter and thing. •	:	I

LXI. And be it further enafted, That this aft may be altered, A& m*y be » varied,' or repealed, by any other aft or in ttys feffion of rlp^lrcTrlns parliament# -	».

4

SCHEPULE .

1x6 Anno regni quadragcfimo qnarto Georgii III. c.54. £1804.

SCHEDULE (A.)

To A. B. his Majcfty’s Lieutenant for the	of

MUSTER-ROLL of the Perfons enrolled and ferving in the of	commanded	by

6FFECTIVESjY*md, tftmtitUd /• Ex-'mHi m, entitled to Exemption.				EFFECTIVE SUPERNUMERARIES (if any), not entitled lo Exemption.				N 0N-EFFEC1 IVES.			
No.	Parilh.  0	Name.	When  enrolled.	No.	Parifh.	Name.	When  enrolled.	No.	Panlh.	Name.	When en oiled.
X  - a.  3-  '  5  6.  7-  8.  9  10.  11.  is.  *3-	A.  B.	A.	B.  C. D.  B.	k G.H.  L. M. NO.	■								
				EFFECTIVE MEMBERS, entitled to Exemptions, a Went on leave.							
				No.	Parilh.	Name.	When  enrolled.				
											

■BftabUtbment allowed .

%

fupernumerariei allowed • Total number -

N. B. Difcharged or quitted iincc the date of the laft mufter-roll;

A B,

C.D.&C.

Total number in the corps ex* empt under this a£t from ferving in the militia or other additional force............................

Ditto - - not exempt from ferving in the militia or other additional force *

Total number of men enrplled in the corps -

1 do hereby certify, That the abort corps [sr company, as jAr toft may to], was infpefted on the	day	of	by	or,	has	been

ready and willing to be infpe&ed in thclaft four months.

Signed, A. B.

C. Dm	Commanding	Officer.

Adjutant} er Seijeant* Major.

A

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgi 1 III. c. 54* 217

SCHEDULE (B).

IL L. commanding officer of the"

do hereby certify, upon my honour, mpurfuance of an aft of parliament, palled in the forty-fourth jfcrof his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft [hen, injert ‘ tie title of tbit That I have not, to the belt of nn knowledge and belief, infer ted or caufed to be inferted, in the above \ ©uUer-roll, as an efFeftive man, the name of ai.y perfon who | has not duly attended, properly armed and accoutred, and " mounted [// cavalry] [if arms and accoutrements have been fupplied] at the mufter and exercife of the (aid corps [*r, company, as the cafe may £;], as required by the faid aft, and who has not taken the oath ot allegiance, or been abfent on leave given in purfusnee of the faid aft, or prevented by aftual ficknefs, as has been certified to me by a medical praftitiondr, or as has been otherwife 'proved to my fatisfaflion, and who is not an efFeftive man*

Dated the

Signed, K. L.

Commanding Officer,

[If arms, accoutrements, or doathing have not been received, fuch circumftance mult be fpccially certified.]

SCHEDULE (C).

To A. B. his Majefty's Lieutenant for the	of

IK. L. commanding officer of the .	of

yeomanry, or infantry [as the cafe may be] ferving in the county * of	or city of	[as	the	cafe	may be] do hereby certify, That C. D. of	[his defeription and

perijh] is an efFeftive member of the faid corps or company [as the cafe may be] within the provifions of an aft palled in the fortj.fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty.

Dated the

Signed, K. L.

Commanding Officer.

SCHEDULE

218 A'ino rcgni giiidrlgcfi;no quarto Georgii III. c, 54. [1S04,

SCHEDULE (D.)

ABSTRACT of MUSTER-ROLLS to be tranfmitted Clerks of the General Meeting of Counties to Hit M*$l Prjmipal Secretary of State*

To	bis	Mayfly s Principal Secretary of Stilt*

Abftra3 of Mutter-Rolls of Corps and Companies of Yeomanry anti Volunteers, within the	of

received by me, O. P. his Majefty’s Lieutenant for the fame, _ fince the Day of	in	the Year

•	Ntmes .ind Dc-feriptions of  C'Oi pB.	Number of IVrfrns enrolled and fa ving thnein	Number o< Pcrfons *x empt from Militia, and Arrpy of Kdcrve	■ L 1 '• ' ■ t,  When infpefted, or if to be fo.  	J
I.	'Yeomanry .	600	200  **	n  fnfpefled 0£t 25, iS~
2.	Ditto • .	7CO	too	
3-	Infantry • ,	J,COO	600	Not infpe&cd, but w3*, ling to be fo.
•4*  5-	Artillery . . Ditto . .	700	4co	Ditto.
&c.	kc. . . .	kc.	See.	I  1  1

SCHEDl’I'E

1S04J Anno regni quadragefimo quarto G$orgu III. c. 55.	219

'	.0 \ :*'	1	;	'	'	:	“	•	‘	:

SCHEDULE (E,) ;

FORM of CERTIFICATE.

I	commanding	officer of the

Jo hereby certify, in purfttancc of an a€t pafled in the forty* fourth year of the reign-of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An gG [to Injirtm the title of the aft] That * the feveral perfons herein named and ^defcribed are federally enrolled and lerving in rhe hid corps, as efteftive members thereof and were effeftive members up ro and qxi tine fifth day of April preceding the date of this certificate.

Signed

.... i' Commanding Officer*

Pated the .	day	of

' CAP. LV.

Jn aftfor more effectually preventing the fale of excifeable liquors in Scotland by per fans not duly licenfed \ andfor altering the times of granting licences tofclljuch excifeabU liquors by retail.—[June 5,

1804.J

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of bis late majefty King George the Second, intituled,

An aft for granting to his Majefty a duty upon licences for rc- *9 Geo. *• tailing beer, ale, and other excifeable liquors; and for eftablilh- c* xa* ing a method for granting filch licences in Scotland; and for allowing fuch licences to be granted at a petty feffion in England* inaceitain cafe therein mentioned; aft amp-duty of twenty /hillings is impojed an licences for felling ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors by retail, to be raifed, levied, collected, and paid throughout Great Britain, in manner thereby directed'*, and by another aft, paffed in the fifth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft 5 Geo. > for altering the ftamp-duties upon admifllons into corporations c* or companies, and for further fecuring and improving the (bmp-duties in Great Britain, the provifiem in the former aft* for iffuing tbe faid licences, and for raiftng, levying, collecting, and paying rhe duties thereupon, are altered and amended; end by another aft, pajpd in the twenty fourth year of his prefent Majefty* s reign, intituled. An *4 ^co act for granting to his Majefty an additional duty upon licences.c* 3°* for retailing beer, ale, and other excifeable liquors, an additional ftamp-duty of ten /hillings and fixpence is graved on the faid licences; and by another aft, pajjed in the thirty fecond year of his prefent Majefty*$ reign, intituled'. An aft to amend fo much of two afts, 3% Geo. y made in the twenty-fixth and twenty~ninth years of the reign V S9-of his late majefty King George the Second, as relates to the liccnfing ot alehoufc-keepers and viftuallers; and for better regulating ale-houfes, and the niannef of granting fuch licences in future; and alfo of granting licences to perfons felling wines to .	be

2 20

35 Geo. 3. cxU3.

4it Geo. 3.

Ci 86.

Anno regni qxiadragcfimo quarto Georgii TIL c.55. [1804*

be drank in their houfes, the faid duty and an additional duty ard exttnded to perfons filling foreign wines or Britifyi made wines of fweets by retail to be drank in their houfes or plates adjoining thereto *,1 and by another aft, faffed in the thirty-fifth year of hit prefcnt Ms-fifty's reign, intituled, An ad for the more effe&ual prevention of Jelling aic,and other liquors by perfons not duly licenfed,y& mock of the faid aft of parliament, pajfid in the fifth year of the reign tf his prefent Mg fifty, as is therein recited applicable to the pecuniary and to+poral punifkment of perfons felling ale% beer, or other cxcift-able lijuors in that part of Great Britain called England, and dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, is repealed ; and by another aft, paffid in the forty-fir ft year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, intituled. An ad f >r granting to his M^jertyj Additional ttamprduties on cards and dice 1 on probates of wills; on certain indentures, leafes, bonds, or other deeds; and on ale licences; an additional [lamp-duty of ten /hillings and Jixpeme is made payable throughout Great Britain on licences for felling fib, beer, or other excifeahle liquors by retail, by which loft-mentioned oil the faid oft, paffed in the thirty fifth year of his prefent Mafifijs reign is extended to Scotland; and it is enaftea, that, from and afur the firjl day of November one thoufand eight hundred and one, every per [on in Scotland who Jhould keep an ate-houfe, tippling- boufi, or viftualling-houfi, or Jhould fell ale, beer, or other excifeahle liquors by retail, except in fairs, without being litenfed thereto according to tbt directions of the feveral afts now in force, Jhould be liable to the penalty of twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, which penalty and forfeiture Jhould be recovered and applied as by the faid act is direfted\ and that all other the claufes, powers, provifions, paid-ties, forfeitures, incapacities, and other matters and things prefiribel in thejaid aft, with refpeft to England, Wales, and Berwick* upon Tweed, Jhould extend to Scotland, in like manner, and be applied and put in fra flic* in Scotland, as if the faid aft had been exprefsly extended thereto 5 and it is thereby further enabled, that it Jhould be lawful for the jufiice of the peace, mag fi rates, or oihtr perfons empowered by any law or aft or afts in force to grant licenas to keep ale-houfes, tippling houfes, or viftualling houfes, or to fell e!(, beer, or other excifeahle liquors, by retail, in Scotland, to grant fuck licences on or immediately after the fifteenth day of May in each year, in like manner, and with all fuch and the like powers, and under and fubjeft to the like regulationr, provifions, penalties, and forfeitures, os fuch licences are by law granted an or immediately after, the fir/} day of November in each year, and all and every the claufes, powers, provifions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, in any aft or afts contained relating to the granting any Juch licence in that part of the united kingdom called Scotland, at the period in cock year in which the fame may be granted by law, fhall extend to end be in full force in relation to the granting Juch licences at the period in each year, in the faid recited aft mentioned, and Jhould be applied end enforced, and put in praftice, in like manner in every refpeft for tbot furpoji, as if all fuch claufes, powers, provifoes, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, matters, ana things, were fever ally and fiparaulj re-

1804.I AnoO regm quadragefimo quarto Gbokgii III. c. 5$. m

enabled in and made Part of the faid aft : and whereas it has ton found

by experience that tie ctaufn, powers, provifieriSy penalties) forfeitures^

end ether matters and things prefer tied by the faid ait, pcffed in the

thirty-fifth year of his preffnt Maj'ejtfs reign, cannot be carried into

full effetk in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, andJikewife

that it is inexpedient to have two terms for ifjuing the lice tiers before-

mentioned^ or to iffue the fame oftoner than once in the year) at tbo

octufomed term of entry to and removal from houfes in Scotland; fov

remedy whereof be it cnaded by the King's moil excellent ma-

jefty, by and with the advice and confeht of rite lords fpiritual

and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-

bled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of she So much at

laid ad, palled in the forty-firft year.of his prefent Mejefty’s	5*°^*

reign, as is above recited, (hall be and is hereby repealed^ except £ere rerited,

as to all Judgements obtained, or pnofecutions in dependance or repelled, &c.

to be commenced for the recovery of fines, penalties, and for*

feitures, for any offence committed ptevioufly to the paffing of

this ad.

II.	And be it farther enaded, That all licences for retailing Licences for . ale, beer, and other excifeable liquors, to be granted by rbe jetwlinr afe, magiftrates of any royal burgh within Scotlandor their clerks, mmedin

in the month of UBeber one thoufand eight hundred and four; Scotland by fhall be and the fame are hereby limited: to the fourteenth day magiftrarc* of of May one thoufend eight hundred and five, and that all fuch burghs in Oc« licences to be granted by the juftices of peace of any (hire or Aewartry within Scotland, or their clerks, in the month of No- C(j to May ttemher one thoufand eight hundred and four, (hall be, and the 1805* and fame are hereby limited to the twenty-iirft day of *May one licences to be thoufend eight hundred and'five; and that it (hall not thereafter be lawful for any magiftrates of royal burghs, or juftices of the ^ov. 1804, peace within Scotland) or their clerks, or the deputies of fuch fhallbfclimited clerks, to iffue any fuch licence as aforefaid, at any other time, to May ax, or in any other manner than is herein-after mentioned; any l*°s* thing in any former ad or ads of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	Provided always, That it (hall, notwitHftanding the li- Pcrfons fo

mitation aforefaid, be competent to and in the power of the licenfcd io lawful holder or holders of any fuch licence or licences to be	to

iffued in OBober or November one thoufand eight hundred and continue t* four, to continue to retail ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors, retail ale,

for the full fpace fof which fuch licence would be current but &c. notwith* for the (aid limitation, in cafe fuch holder or holders thereof (hall, from and after the expiry of that fpace, ceafe to retail ale, >n beer, or other excifeable liquors, until he, (he, or they (hall be again duly licenfcd under the authority of this ad.

IV* Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That the lawful Pcrfons to K-holder or holders of any fuch licence or licences as aforefaid, to ^to?*1" be by virtue'of this ad limited to the fourteenth or twenty*firft drawback bt days of May one thoufand eight hundred and five, (halt be en- account of titled to a drawback at the rare of eighteen (billings and four- fuc.h limU pence for each licence, as a juft proportion of the ftarop-dutiestatlon*

original y

i .	•»	•,	•	» • < J ‘ •	'•<	V. (. . I	I	■	•'	•	lit/	l<	-g	.	.	*	‘	.	«

Anno regm qua^rageUmoquarto pKO^ti III* c. j}£, [i S04.

priginally .payable .therefor; xorrefpondirig t#.the,period for which the fame wouJAbave remained ourem, but fiqr the limitation aforefaid, in cafe fuchhblddf or holders thereof either (hall ceafe to retail excifeable.liquors at the period to which the fame are fo limited, or (hall at that period obtain any newlicence or licence? under the authority of ibis ad; and the coraoiidioners of (lamp-duties are hereby author]fed and required So repay or make fuitable provifion .for repaying the (aid fum of eighteen (hillings and* four-pence from the produce of the Cbrxefpondiog duties under.their management, tp the perfon or perfoOs who (hail be duly entitled to receive tho faid drawback, either at tfct •	~ office or. place where .the original duties. for the relative licences

h*vr'.bcpn paid, or atihe office or place where fuch perfon or ,*	per to ns (hall have occafioo to pay the (Ump+dutics upon any

new licence .or licences as aforefaid.

After May 151 . j Y-And be it further.eqa&ed, That,, from and a£er the fif-fa (Hughs, and teenth day cf May one thoufand eight hundred and five, in flilres^no*11 every :royal burgh, and .froth and after the twenty*fec6od day oi peirfon (hall Mayone thoufand eight hundred and fiye, in every/hire and keep any ale- ftewartry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, no perfon bnt Arh as	direftly,	or indireftly, keep any ale-houfe, tippling-houfo,

diall be an* or viftualling-houfe, or fell ale, beer, fpirits, ftrong waters, or nually licenfed other excifeable liquors by retail, hut fuch peribns only as (ball according fo be annually admitted, allowed, and licenfed according to ibe ^edbon, directions contained .in.this aft.

Magiftnites of	And	lt further.enaftcd. That the magiftrates of each

buighsTo * ° r°ya* burgh within Scotland, (hall yearly and every year, on the grant licences fifteenth day of May, or the next lawful day thereafter, the firft for felling *le, meeting to be on the fifteenth day of May one thoufand eight &c. on May j)unt]re(j an(j five, affemble and meet together at the time and place, when and where they ufually have met.for tranfafting the bufinefs of fuch royal burgh; and the faid magiftrates, or any two of them at leaft, (hall, at fuch annual meeting, admit, allow, and liccnfe for the year then next enfuing, fuch and fo many pdrfohs as the faid magi Urates, or two qf them at the leaft, (hail think meet and convenient to keep ale-houfes, tippling.houfes, viftualling-houfes, or to fell ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors by retail within every fuch royal burgh and die royalty thereof; and the faid magiftrates, or two of them at the lead, (hall deliver or taufe to be delivered to each perfon fo by them admitted, allowed, and licenfed, a licence ingrafted, written, or primed Vpon. vellum, parchment, or paper, figned by two of the. /aid magiftrates, and by the clerk of fuch royal burgh, and legally ftampt with a (lamp or (lamps, denoting the faid fevers! duties of twenty (hillings, and ten (hillings and fixpence, and ten (hillings and fixpence, or the total amount thereof, being two pounds one (hilling, for each of which licences a fee of one (hilling, over, and above the faid ft amp-duties, and no morcy (hall be paid and payable.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further .enabled. That if in any royal burgh there foalfoot be a fufficient number of roa-

ij, yeaily.

Stamp-duty a/. 1/. and a let'of x/«

In default of

a fufficient —-““Tiber of

iS04.] Anno regm quadra^eltmo quarto Georgii IIT. c 223

gi/lrates capable to grant licences purfiiant to the qualifications n&jgiftraie# ■ and dire&ions of this a<% at any of the'tinaes when lipenc^s	t

for ale-houfcs, tippling-houfesi or vldf ualling-KQufes ip jbe ro>4I fhirc^ip vyiurih burghs, are hereby appointed to be granted $ then and ip fucji fuch burghs Cife it fhall and maybe lawful to and fot the juftice$ of the are fituited, peace of the (hire or ftewartry in'which. fuch. royal burgh 9r boroughs {hall be fhuated, to grant licences for fuch xoyal burg)i lct ' * cr boroughs at the fame time and in the fame manner as they ere hereby empowered to do for the fhire or ftewartry, and all , licences fo granted for royal burghs by juices of the peace of the (hire or ftewartry, (hall continue in force until the next annual clay for granting licences according this a£f and nb	*	J'

longer.	‘'	;	.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That the jufticcs of the Jufticet in peace in each fhire and ftewartry within Scotland, (hall have fu]l fttirestomett power and authority, and they are hereby empowered anp May */♦ aod required annually to afTcmble and meet together, in their hceiifcpit* nrfpecHve (hires and ftety^rtries, on the tw^nty-fecond day of ioftn.tafcil AJajy or on the next lawful day thereafter, at the hour and placed**

when and where the general quarter-feflions for fuph fhire qr ‘	,	,

ftewartry have ufually been held, on the twenty-fecond day of ;

Mcj one thoufand eight hundred and five^ and at fuch annual meeting to admit, allow, and licenfe for the year then next enfuing, fuch and fo many perfons as the major pint of the jut- ' ticss then aflembled {hall think meet and convenient, to keep ale-houfes, tipplipg-Iioufes, vi&ualling-h’oufes, ‘or to fell ajq, beer, or other excifeable liqviors by retail, within fuch refpeclivp (hire or ftewartry, or in the event before-mentioned, yvithin any royal burgh or boroughs fituated in fuch’ (hire or ftewartry $ and the faid juftices (hall deliver or caufc to be delivered to each perfon fo by them admitted, allowed, and licenfedj ? licence ingroffed, written, or printed upon vellum, parchmept, or paper, figned by the prefes of the faid meeting and by the clerk of thp peace of the faid (hire or ftewartry, and legally (lamped with *

(lamp or (lamps, denoting the faid feveral duties, of twenty (hillings, ten’(hillings and fix-pence, and ten (hillings and fix* pence, or the total amount thereof. Being two pounds one (hilling; for each of which licences there (hall bepaicj and payable a fee of one (hilling to the clerk of the peace for his trouble, ever and above the faid damp-duties, and no more.»

IX.	And be it further ena<5led. That neither his Majefty’s Excife not commifioners of excife in ScotIandy nor any of the colledlors or fuj>ervifors of excife, or any other officers by the faid commit-

fioners appointed to deliver licences to the retailers,pf any fpi- fpirits till rituous liquors or ftrong waters, (hall grant or deliver any,(ucli they produce licence to any perfon who (hall not produce a licence, duly'iccn.^f ^rora (lamped, granted to him or her in due form of Jaw, by magi- for^Tcliin^S Antes or juftices of the peace, to fell ale, beer, or other excife- ale, See. ° able liquors, by retail.	,

X.	Provided neverthelefe, and be it enafled, That if any Occupier, 5rc. perfon licenfcd to fell ale, beer, or other exciieable liquors, in ^ *hfie Prf~ .

terms c may c

ale, dec. after terms of this adt, (hall die or remove from the alc-houfc, or the death or other place wherein fuch ale, beer, or othe% liquor*, (hall, by tbe'perfon	virtue of his or her licence, be fold, it (hall and may be hwful

licenced.	for the executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, of fuch perfon fo

„	dying or removing, who (hall be poflefled of fuch houfe or place,

,or the occupier thereof, to fell ale, beer, or other liquori therein, during the refidue of the term for which luch licence (hall have been granted to the perfon fo dying or removing. JPerfons felling Xf. And be it further enadled, That every perfon who {hail ale, &c. in a fell ale, beer, or other liquors, by retail, in any prifon or houfe ^houft^tmCd corrC(^lon» or Wbrkhoufe appointed for the reception of poot keeper*. perfons, (hall be deemed a keeper of common ale-houfe, or tippling-houfe, and (hall be fubjedl to the penalties inflicted by law on the keepers of common ale-houfes and tippling-houfe;, unlefs he or (he (hall obtain from the magiftrates or juftices of the peace, according to due courfeof law, a licence, (duly (lamped) to retail fuch beer, ale, or other excifeable liquors. Clerks of XII. And be it further cnafled, That, from and after the b^hsand fifteenth day of ?fcfoy one thoufand eight hundred and five, in indefeultof* ca^c l^e maglftrates of any royal burgh, or the juftices of the the meeting peace of any (hire or ftewartry within Scotland, (hall, in that or of magiftrates any preceding year, neglcdt to affemble upon the days, and it or juftices, the tjmc an(j piaces before-mentioned, in order to admit and Vrfrnm VC J,ccn^c f°r lbe year then next enfuing, fuch and fo many perforo 9	’ as they (hall think meet and convenient to keep ale-houtw,

‘tippling-houfes, viclualling-houfes, or to fell ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors by retail, within their rtfpe&ive borough;, (hires, and ftewartries,. according to the directions of this ad, chen and in that cafe it (hall be lawful to the clerk of any fuch royal burgh, or his lawful deputy, and to the clerk of the peace of any fuch (hire or ftewartry, or his lawful deputy refpe&vel), and they are hereby required, after making an entry or record that the magiftrates or juftices of peace aforefaid, had neglected to aflemble in purfuance of this adl, to deliver or caufe to be delivered, to every perfon living or refiding within fuch rod burgh, (hire, or ftewartry refpeclively, who (hall apply for the fame, (unlefs fuch perfpn (hall be disqualified to have a licence), ft licence engrofted, written, or printed, upon a piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, damped with a (lamp or damps, denoting the fcveral duties before-mentioned, or the total amount thereof, and figned by the clerk of fuch royal burgh, or the clerk of the peace of fuch (hire or ftewartry, or their lawful deputies refpec-#	tively; for each of which licences there (hall be paid and payable

the (ums before-mentioned in this ad, and no more; and which licences, fo figned and delivered by the clerk of any royal burgh, or the clerk of the peace of any (hire or ftewartry, or their lawful deputies refpe&ively, (hall be, to all intents and purpofe*, as good and effectual to the receiver or receivers thereof, as if the fame had been allowed, granted, and figned, in a meeting of the magiftrates of fuch royal burgh, or juilices of peace of luch ' (hire or ftewartry.

- rnAtxi

iSrifJ Anno regni tpjttJrageGhld qtfarto GfeORbn III. C; 55.	22 f

m And be it enaAed, That in cafe the magift rates of any may do royal burgh, or the juft ices of the peace ofany (hire or ftewartry fo within St§tland% afiembled upon the days appointed by this aa {Juftices for executing the powers thereby committed to them, (hall find neglecting, itoeedfary, it (hall and may be lawful for them to continue or Ac. adjourn their meeting to the next lawful day/and no longer r and in cafe the magiftrates of any royal burgh, or the juftices of pace of any (hire or ftewartry, (hall nor, upon one or other of tWe days, completely execute the powers committed to them 1; this a&, by allowing or refuting the petition or claim of every perfon within their feveral diftridb, who (hall apply to . them for a licence to fell ale, beer, or other excifeabte liquors by retail, then and in that cafe, >t (hall be lawful to the clerk of fuch royal burgh, or his lawful deputy, and to the clerk of the * peace of fuch (nire or ftewartry, or his lawful deputy refpeClivcly,	*

and they are hereby required, after making an entry or record that the (aid magiftrates or juftices of peace had hot completely executed the powers committed to them by this aft, to deliver or caufe to be delivered to every perfon who fhall have (b applied to the magiftrates or juftices of peace aforefaid, and upon whole application no deliverance or order (hall have been made asf aforefaid, a licence duly ftamped as afbrefaid, and figned by fudir clerk as before direAed, which (hall be as good and effeAual fo the receiver thereof as if the fame had been allowed, granted, and figned in a meeting of the faid magiftrates or juftices re-fpedively: provided always, that no cleric of any royal burgh,-• or clerk of the peace, or their deputies, (hall grant any licence ' under this aA, at any other time than within three days foU lowing the days appointed by this aA for the magiftrates of juftices of peace to grant the fame.	*	•*

XIV.	And be it enabled. That in cafe the clerk of any royal Prnxltv 00

burgh, or any clerk of the peace, or their deputies, (hall, in fuch citrks for either of the cafes before exprefled, refufe to lign and to deliver	u?*•	*

fuch licence to any perfon applying for the fame as aforefaid,

and offering payment of the (bmp-duties with the forefaid fee of one (hilling, then each of them fo offending (hall forfeit and pay to each and every perfon to whom or for whofe behoof fuch licence ought to have been delivered as aforefaid, the fum of ten pounds, with full cofts of fait; to be fued for and recovered before the (heriff or ftewart-court of the (hire or ftewartry within which the perfon fo offending (hall refide, in manner bercin-after direAed.

XV.	And beit further enaAed, That the clerk of each royal Clerks anna* burgh, and the clerk of the peace of each (hire or ftewartry al,y ^ *na^° refpeftively, (hall be bolden and obliged annually to make up a

true and exaA lift in a book or regifter to be kept for that pur-licenfed, an & pofe, of the names, defigoations, or additions and places of abode tranfmit a of ail perfons within their refpeAive diftri As, to whom licences C0P7~° for retailing ale, beer, or other exciieable liquors, (hall be deli-vered in purfuance of this or the aforefaid aA, which lift (hall be’ duties at figned in the book or regifter aforefaid by the clerk of each royal Edinburgh* VOI.XLV.	CL	burgh,

«6 Aanq icgni quadragefirao quarts GsOR&ti IK. c. 55, [r8o$.

burgh, or clerk of the peace of each (hire or ftewartry, or their lawful deputies refpe&ively, and (hall be carefully preferred with tjfye other records under their care; and the clerk of each royal burgh, and the clerk of the peace of each (hire or ftewartry, and their deputies ceipe&ively, (hall be holden and obliged, on or before the twenty-fifth day of June in every year, to tranfmit to the colled or of the ftacnp~duties at Edinburgh an exad copy of frefc lift taken from the (aid book or regifter, duly attefted and figoed by fuch clerk or his deputy; and in fcafe any clerk or his deputy dull negledt or fail to make up and fign fuch lift in a book or regifter as above direded/or (hall neglcft or fail to tranfoiit an exa& copy of fuch lift as entered in the faid book or regifter to the collector of the ftamp-duties at Edinburgh as above required, the perfon or perfons offending (halt, for every Penalty. fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fura of ten pounds, to be faed for and recovered before the flieriff or ftewart-court of the (hire or ftewartry within which the perfon fo offending flull re fide, io manner hereinafter dire&cd; and in cafe any (uch clerk or his deputy (hall wilfully omit to infert in the afbreiaid regifter, or in the copy thereof, to be tranfmitted as aforefaid, the name of any perfon who (halt be licenfed to retail ale, beer, or other fxcifeabte liquors, within their feverai diftrufts, or (hall wilfully infort m fuch regifter, or copy thereof, to be tranfrokted as gforefrid, the name of any perfon as licenfed who (hall not have been fo licenfed, fteeb clerk (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pav the foot of forty (hillings for each perfon licenfed, whofr name mail be omitted to be inferted in the (aid regifter or copy thereof, to be transmitted as aforefaid; and five pounds for etch perfon not licenfed, whofc name fhallbe inferted in fuch regifter or copy thereof; to be fued for and recovered before the (hcriff or fiiewart-court of the (hire or ftewartry within which the perfon fo offending (halt refide, in manner hereinafter direded, Penalty on XVI, And be it ena&ed. That every perfon in that part of keej^ Great Britain caHed Scotland, who, after the paffirig of'this ad, J^^hout heep ** alc‘houfc, tippling-houfe, or vifiualling-houfe, or yCCOCCe (hall fell ale, beer, (pints, or other excifeable liquors, by retail, except in fairs, or who (hall fell foreign wines, or Briti/b-mito wines, or. fweets, by retail, to be drank in their houfes or placet adjoining thereto, without being licenfed according to the di» re&ioos of this aor the former ads before noticed, and (hall be thereof, donvi&ed in manner hereinafter mentioned, every fuch offender (hall forfeit and pay for the firft offence the fum of five pounds, for the fecond offence the fum of ten pounds, and for the third, or toy fubfequent offence, the fum of twenty pounds, and (hall, after the faid third offence, be incapable of keeping an ale-houfe, tippling-houfe, or vi&ualling-houfe, or of felling ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors, by retail, or of having any licence for fuch purpofe thereafter; all which rtfpec* five penalties and forfeitures (hall and may be fued for and •	recovered before the (hedff or ftcwart-court, or before any jufticc

or jufticcs'of the peace of the (hire or ftewartry, or the baillie*

227

4

cwrt of aay royal burgh, within whofe jurifdiCiion rcfpc&ively the offender or offenders (hall refide,’ by any perfon who (hall icfonn, and fue, and profecute for the fame: provided always, that it (hill and may be lawful for the judge or judges before whom any profecution (hall be brought for a nrft or fecond offence in felling cxcifeable liquors without the licence hereinbefore preferibed, if he or they (hall fee caufe, to mitigate or lefien the forefaid penalties to die extent of one half, but no fur* ther, fo that the judge or judges (hall not be at liberty to reduce the penalty for a firft offence below two pounds ten (hillings, or the penalty for a fecond offence below five pounds; and in every cafe of mitigation, the expences of conviction mull be awarded againft the offender over and above the mitigated penalties,

XVII.	And be jt further enaCted, That any perfon or perfoni What woof

fued or profecuted . for retailing as aforefaid, without licence,“	for

may and (hall be legally convicted thereof, on their own con- conviaK>a* frflion, or on the oath of one credible witnefs, or upon evidence,

by the (lock-book or other accounts kept by the gauger or officer of excife, which he is required to produce, attelled by the oath of fuch gauger or officer, that the perfon fo fued or profecuted has been charged or furveyed as vidualler or retailer, and has been charged with the fame duties of cxcife that victuallers and retailers are ufually charged with and pay for all beer and other excifeable liquors within the period mentioned in the information, complaint, or other procefs,

XVIII,	And be it enaded, That all penalties and forfeitures Penalties a«d herem-befbre deferibed may be fued for or profecuted before the

refpedive courts herein-before appointed, by fummary com- recovered, plaint or ordinary aCtion, within fix months after the committing of the offence, and (hall be payable, one moiety thereof to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and the other moiety thereof to any perfon or perfons who (hall fue or profecute for the fame, and may be recovered and levied either by the ufual execution of the law of Satlafidj or by diftrefs and fate of the goods and chattels of the offender (rendering to him or her the overplus after the charges of the faid diftrefs and fale (ball be deduced], by a warrant figned by the judge, juftice, or magiftrate, before whom fisch offender (hall be convicted, and which warrant (hall contain power to enter houfe$, and break open doors, in order to make* fech diftrefs effectual, and may be carried into execution without neceffity of any previous intimation of the conviction: provided always, that no fuch warrant for diftrefs (hall be carried' into execution before the expiration of fix days after the conviction of every fuch offender; and the clerk or clerks of the respective courts aforefaid before whom any conviction of any of the. offences aforefaid (hall proceed, (hall, and they are hereby required carefully to preferve the whole grounds and warrants of every fuoh conviction amongft the other records of fuch court, and (hall not be obliged to return or certify the fame to any other court; any thing in the aforefaid a£t to the contrary notwith-tadiqg.

v	XIX.	And

a*8.

v

Pylons aggrieved may appeal to the court of ex-ckqocr^c.

XIX.	And be it further ena£ied,That no procefs or fentence upder the authority of (his ad (hall be fubjed to the review of the court of feflion in Scotland, but that it (hall and may be lawful to any perfon or perfons who (hall think him, her, or them-felves aggrieved by the fentence or decree of any judge, juftice, or tnagiftrate, cooviftiog him, her* or them of any of the offences aforefaid described in this ad, within three days after the date of fuch decree or fentence to appeal to the barons of his Majefty's court of exchequer at Edinburgh^ which appeal (hall either be taken in open court, in prefence of the judge, juftice, or magi-flratc, who (hall have pronounced the decree or fentence appealed from, by 2 writing figned by the appellant or his procurator, or at the office of the clerk of fuch court, by a writing figned as afoce(atd,all which appeals the clerk of fuch court (hall carefully lodge and prefefve ajong with the proceedings in the original fuit* and the perfon or perfons fo appealing (hall, within fix days after lodging fuch appeal, give in to the clerk of the faid court his reafons of appeal, and a bond with a fufficient furety to profecuae die faid appeal with effed, and to pay fuch colls as ftull be awarded againft him, her, or them, in cafe the appeal dull be difatided, or the fentence or decree appealed from be affirmed, and which reafons of appeal and bond (hall likewife be lodged and preferved by the faid clerk along with the proceedings in the original fuit; and in dafe the perfon or perfons fo appealing (hall negleft to give in his reafons of appeal and bond to pro-fecute the fame as above required, the appeal (hall be holden as parted from, and the fentence or decree againft which the appeal was taken, (hall to all.intents and purpofes, become Anal,and be carried into execution according to the directions of this a &j and in Cafe the reafons of appeal and bond for profecuting the fame (hall be duly lodged as aforefaid, the clerk of the court appealed from, (hall and u hereby required, within fourteen days after the date of fuch appeal, to tranfmit to the folicitor of the ftamp-dutics at Edinburgh a full extraft of the whole proceeSings in the original fuit, and of the decree or fentence following thereupon, and of the appeal, and reafons of appeal and bond for profecuting the lame, duly figned by him or his lawful deputy, for which he (hall be entitled to receive the ordinary fees of an extracted decree, and which exrraft the folicitor of the (lamp-duties (hall immediately lodge in the office of the King’s remembrancer in the court of exchequer, and fo foon as fuch extra ft (hall befo lodged, it (hall ami may be lawful to cither party, appellant or refpdndent, to apply to the barons of the faid court, or any one of them, as well out of term time as in term time, in order to have a day appointed, for hearing and determining fuch appeal* and the hid barons, or any of them, (hall accordingly appoint fuch day as they {hall think proper, of which due notice (hall be given by the party who applied for fuch day, to the other party in the faid appeal, ten days at lead before the day for hearing and determining luch appeal.

XX.	And

1S04.]Anno regni quadragefimo quarto GeorctiTII. c.55. 229

XX.	And be it enafted; That the fard barons, or any one of Bmm* of e*> them, (ball, and he or they is or are hereby empowered, as well out of term time as 5n term time, to hear and determine fuch appeal appeal, and to give fuch judgement thereupon as to him oir them cither »oor (hall feem juft, and to award full cofts of furt in cafe the appeal (ball *»t of urm. be difmiffed, or the fentence or decree appealed from (hall be affirmed, which judgement (hall be final to all intents and porpofes, wdfubjeft to no other review whatfoever; and the feid barons, or any one of them, who (hall give fuch judgement, may and fa\\ grant warrants for levying the fum or (urns awarded by fuch judgement, by diftrefs and fale of the gjoods and chattels of the perion or perfons againft whom fuch judgement (hall be given, and his, her, or their furety or fureties, and for fuch other execution of the law, in the fame way and manner as the inferior judge, juftice, or magiftrate before whom the original furt was brought, might have done for levying any of the penalties in-Med by this aft.

XXI.	And whereas it is expedient that perfons empowered to grant licences by virtue of this aft Jhouli not be fwaytd by inter eft in the execution of the powers vefted in them y be it therefore enafted.

That no juftice of the peace or magiftrate in any (hire, ftetfrartry, No juftice or

or royal burgh, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland\ who nwgiftrate,

is a brewer, maltfter, diftiller, or retailer of ale, beer, or other

excifeable liquors, or is concerned in partnerlhip or otherwife with fj,a|j io *

any brewer, maltfter, diftiller, or retailer of ale, beer, or other any infecting

excifeable liquors, at any of the time or times when any of the jp* granting

powers in this aft are to be executed, (hall aft in any of the «ceDce,>

meetings for granting any licence or licences, or (hall convift or

join in any conviftion direfted by this aft; and every magiftrate

or juftice of the peace who (hall offend in any of the premifes

(hill for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds,

to be recovered by any perfon who will fue for the fame, within

fix months after fuch offence is committed, by aftion, bill, plaint,

or information in his Majefty’s court of exchequer in that part

of Great Britain called Scotland, in which no effoign, protection,

wager pf law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed;

which faid penalty of fifty pounds (hall be paid, one moiety

thereof to the perfon who fue$ for the fame, and the other moiety

to the colleftor of the cefs for the (hire or ftewartry within which

fuch juftice or magiftrate has offended, to be applied for the re*

pafation of the highways or bridges in fuchibire or ftewartry,

in fuch manner as the perfons who by law have the ordering and

dirc&ing of fuch reparations, (hail think proper,

XXII.	And be it further enafted. That in cafe any aftion, AdMonatobe

fiiit or otl)qr, profe^itfipi), (hall be had* brought, or profecuted,	ex-

againft any perfon or perfons, for or by reafon of any aft, matter, chequer at* or thing, by him, her, pr tb$try dohe or committed by virtue or Edinburgh* in purfuance of this aft, that.then, in every fuch cafe, the aftion,

fuit, or prqfecutjon {foil be laid and profecuted in the court of exchequer in Edinburgh% Mid not qlfe where;,and*that.in every fucb aftioq, fqitj or pr$j^tion, the de&fldttt dr defendants may

*30 Anno itgni quadragefkno quarto Georgii HI. c. 56. [1B04.

General ifliie. plead the general jffoe, and give this a£t and any other a£t or ads of parliament, and any other matter or thing, in evidence} and in cafe there {hall be a verdi& or verdi&s therein for the defendant or defendants, or judgement therein (hall be given for th<| defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs, profecutoi or profecutors (hall become nonfuited, or the plaintiff or plains tiffs, profccutor or profecutors, (hall difeontinue fuch aftion 01 fuit, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the defendant and defend ants in every fuch a&ion, fuit, or profecution, (hall recover hit Treble colts, her, or their treble coils of fuit.

CAP. LVI.

An aft for eftablijhing and maintaining a permanent additional fsru for the defence of the realm, and to provide for augmenting his M* jejiy's regular forces; and for the gradual reduction of the milit'U of England.—[June 29, 1804.]

w;

HEREAS it is expedient that a permanent additional fern Jhotdd be eJtabUJhed and maintained under regular officers for the defence of the realm, and for augmenting and /applying bn Mayefty's regular forces \ and that the militia v/* Eng! and j/bouli bi gradually reduced, under certain rejlriftions and regulations, t$ tk original quotas fpecified in an aft, paffed in the forty-fecund year oftk reign of his prefent Majejly: may it therefore pleafe your Majeity that it may be enabled; and be it ena&ed by the King's molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament! affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That a permanent rorec 10 uc additional force (hall be eftablUhed and maintained in Engicnl, ralfed)andthe a°d toall be raifed and completed in the manner by this aft di-quotas of the re&ed; and from and after the completion of fuch additional force (everal coun- under this a£l, the quotas to be maintained and fupplied in the manner diredled by this aS, by each of the feveral counties in England,, (hall be as follows} that is to fay:

A permanent additional force to be

al counties fixed. s

For the county of Bedford four hundred and twenty-two;

For the county of Berks feven hundred and forty-eight}

For the county of Bucks feven hundred and ninety-eight}

For the county of Cambridge fix hundred and forty-one;

For the county of Chtftor, with the city and county of the city of - Chefier, one thoufand one hundred and eighty5 For the Cinque Ports four hundred and forty*two $

For the county of Cornwall eight hundred and fixty-two;

For the county of Cumberland eight hundred and twenty;

For the county of Derby one thoufand two hundred and fifty* two;

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city of Exeter, two thoufand and fintecn;

For the county of Dorfet, with the town and county 6f the tdwa , of Pool, five hundred and forty-eight;

For the county of Durham fix hundred and. fifty-fix;

5	For

iSo4«] AaMrcgBiquadfAgefioioqi»rtoGc<>ftMiU)^ c,$<*

For the county of Bgex one thoufand fix hundred and fiftv-eigfat ;

For the county of Sloucefter, with the city and county of the cky of Ghute/hr, and the city and county af the city of Brifl$l> one thoufand five hundred and fifty j For the county of Htreford fix hundred and ninety-three ;

For die county of Hertford fix hundred and forty;

For the County of Huntingdon two hundred and twelve;

For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city ef Canterbury (and exdufive of the Cioque Porto), one thouland (even hundred and twenty-eight;

For the county of Latuafer three thoufand two hundred and fifty- » two;

For the county of Leicefier eight hundred and fifty-(even;

For the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the city of Lincoln, one thoufand eight hundred and twenty-four;

For the county of Mddtejex (exclufive of the Tower Divifion, commonly called The Teuter Hamlets), four thoufand and fifty• For die city of London one thoufand fix hundred;

For die Tower Divifion, commonly called The Tower Hamlets, one thoufand four hundred and ninety-three;

For the county of Monmouth three hundred and feventy-tbree;.

For the comity of Norfolk, with the city and county of the city of Norwich, one thoufand fix hundred and twelve;

For the county of Northampton nine hundred and fixty-fivc ;

For the county of Northumberland, with the town and county of the town of Newcaflle-upon-Tync, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, eight hundred and fixty-five;

For the county of Nottingham, with the town and county of the town of Nottingham, feven hundred and fifty-two; for the county of Oxford eight hundred and four; for the county of Rutland one hundred and ten;

For the county of Salop one thoufand three hundred and twenty-one;

For the county of Somerfet two thoufand and feventy-four;

For the county of Squtbampton, with the town and county of the town of Southampton, one thoufand one hundred and thirty-three; .

For the JJle of Wight one hundred and forty-pine ;

For the county of Stafford, with the gty and county of the city of Litchfield, one thoufand five hundred and ten;

For the county of Suffolk one thoufand three hundred and eighty-nine ;

For the county of Surrep one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one;

For the county of Suffex, exclufive of the Cinque Ports, one thou-land and feventy;

For the county of Warwick,' with the city and county of the city of Coventry, qnc thoufand one hundred and thirtY-feven ;

Foe the county of Weflmoreland three hundred and twenty-four; For the county of Worcefttr, with the city and county of the city of Wmyjler, eight hundred and twenty-one ;

For

s$z Anno regni qtiadragefimo quarto Georoii IIL c. 56. [1804.

For the county of Witts one thoufand two hundred and twenty-two 5

For the Weft Riding of the county of York% with the city and county of the city of York, three thoufand two hundred and thirty-eight;

For the North Riding of the faid county one thoufand two hundred'and fourteen;

For the Eaft Riding of the faid county, with the town and county ’ of the town of Kingflon-upon-Hull, feven hundred and fifty-two;	#

For the county of Anglejea one hundred and feventy ;

For the county of Brecknock two hundred and feventy-two;

„	For the county of Cardigan three hundred and twenty-five;

For the county of Carmarthen, with the county borough of Car* I marthen, five hundred and forty;

For the county of Carnarvon one hundred and feventy;	|

For the county of Denbigh four hundred and fifty-eight; '

For the county of Flint two hundred and fixty-eight 5 For the county of Glamorgan five hundred and thirty-feven;

For the county of Merioneth one hundred and fixty-one;

For the county of Montgomery three hundred and feventy-two; For the county of Pembroke, with the town and county of the town of Haverford'Wefty two hundred and fixty-eight; and, for the county of Radnor one hundred and eighty-Jix.

iti^o be^de- * And be it further enaded, That in the feveral counties in ficient by re- which the full number of men required to be raifed by an aft, turns of clerks parted in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled. An ad to enable °t g?ner.il his Majcjly more effectually to raife and offemble in England an ad-befimmediate- ^itional military force for the better* defence andfecurity of the United ly raifed, and Kingdom, andfor the more vigorous profecution of the war, (hall not when the de- have been raifed purfuant to the provifions thereof refpechvely, ficiency (hall the number of men that (hall appear to be deficient upon there-afeertai^ned turns to be ma<*c under this a & by the clerics of general meetings, and certified AhzW forthwith and without any delay be raifed in manner in this according to a& directed, for the additional force undeMhis a£t; and when and this ad, »f it fa foon as the a&ual number of men deficient in any Tuch county nuinSr the ^avc ^eon a^ccrta*nc<* under this a6t, and certified purfuant remainder to the provifions thereof, if fuch number fliail exceed the number fiiall be forth- returned deficient by the clerk of the general meetings, then and with raifed. -ip foch cafe the remainder of fuch deficiency (hall be forthwith raifed in fuch county, for fuch additional force; unlefs the full number of men fpecified as the number deficient (hail have been raifed and completed therein, before the delivery of the certificate of the deficiences and vacancies under this a&.

Infpe&ttvge- UI. And be it further enaded, That the infpedor-general of of^iSrv^tcT arm^ re^crvc> or his deputy, (hall, as (bon after thepaffing make returns ofthis a£t as may be, tranfmit to the clet ks of the general" media the form in ings of lieutenancy for the feveral counties in Engiaud,in which fehedule (A,) whole (lumber of men required by the (aid recited a<5t of the to clerks of jaft fC|f:oa 0f parhament (hall not have beon jaifed, or in which

1804.I Anno rcgni quadragefimo quarto Georgn III. c. 56.	433

anv deficiencies may remain therein, or in which any vacancies pciaeral -any have arifen, which have not been fupplied, an account, in *ve^iwticcto* the form in the fchedule to this aft annexed, marked (A.), fpe* fh^county citying the numbers of men that have been received, and that lieutenant, kave been difeharged, or have died or deferred, before the lateft who fhall fun** period to which fuch account can be made up, and the number •fe/Feftive men ferving, and the number that (hail remain de- •* feient of the whole quotas in fuch additional force in fufh re*

IjxJiive counties ; and every fuch clerk of general meetings (hall

immediately give notice of the receipt of fuch account to the lieu-

fcnanr, or, in his abfence, to the vice-lieutenants refpeftiveiy of

tie country to which he (hall belong, who (hall forthwith fum-

fcon a fpecial meeting of lieutenancy of fuch county, to meet

ekhin any period, not exceeding twenty-one days nor lefs than

burtecn days, after the receipt of fuch account as aforefaid 5 and Clerk to give

every fuch clerk to the general meetings (bail alfo immediately notice of

Eve notice in writing of the place and day and hour appointed tlirinfpeaor-r fuch meeting of lieutenancy, to the faid infpeftor-general, or general or his & deputy; and on the requeft of the infpeftor-general, or his deputy, on fcputy, fignified to the clerk of the general meeting, fuch day rwlueft toy be altered, by ptiblick notice from two deputy-lieutenants printed in fome county paper, to any day, not exceeding four-iten days from the Jirft day fo appointed, nor lefs than fevett kys from fuch notice, and the clerk of general meetings (hall (hereupon forthwith give notice of fuch alteration.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for the Infpeftor-ge* bid infpeftor-general,or his deputy, to appoint in writing one or more proper perfons to attend at each of fuch general meetings, to attend who (hall a (Tift the deputy-lieutenants at fuch meetings during meetings, to the examination of fuch accounts, and of all other papers relating **?« ^c" fherero, or to the railing of any fuch additional force, or any de- nante in^xa-ficiencies therein, and in the comparing the fame with the re- mining returns to be made by the clerks of general meetings under this aft, turns, &c. and and for the purpofe of giving any fuch information on the behalf1" tranfmit of the infpeftor-general as may be neceflary; and the infpeftor- [o^th^clerks general aforefaid or his deputy (hall, as foon as may be after the 0f the general palling of this aft, tranfmit to the refpeftive clerks of the general meetings, meetings the names of the perfons fo appointed by him for the purpefe aforefeid, and of their places of refidence.

V.	And be it further enafted, That the clerks of Ihe fevcral fubdivifion meetings in fuch counties (hell, immediately after the j“^t^l,10"0 palling of this aft, make out, for the ufe of the clerks of the gene- tranfmir to ral meetings of lieutenancy of their refpeftive counties, an account, the clerks of in the form in the fchedule to thi£ aft annexed, marked (B.), of thc general the number of men who have been ballotted to fcrve in fuch ad-	the

d.tional force as aforefaid, for their refpeftive fubdivifions, fince form jn fcbe-thelaft return^ made by them, to fuch clerks of the generafmeet- dule (».) of ings refpediveJyi if any fuch. returns (hall have been made,and if *he number no fuch returns (hall have been made* then fince the paffing of the faid recited aft bf the laftfetiidn of pailiament; fpecifying in fuch C * fturns the names of the merr fo ballotted to ferve as aforefaid, and the. parifhes or places for which they have been ballotted.

Penalty on ikrkfc for pegled or making falic returns.

Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gxorgii III. c. 56. [xJ04.

«id which of fuch men are adualiy ferviag or have provided fubJ ftitutes 10 ferve in fuch additional force, and which of them have paid ihe penalties by the bid recited ads impofod, for not Serving or finding a fubftiturg to ferye therein j and if any fuch clerk of any fubdivifion meetings (hall omit or negled to make fuch return as aforefaid, for the (pace of ten days after the paffing of this ad, or fliall knowingly or, wilfo|ly make any falfc return, focb clerk (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as any fucb penally ' may be recovered uodtr any aft relating to the militia, or under, this ad. '

Clerks of gc~	VI. And be it further enaded, That the clerks of the gcnei

neral meetings meetings in fuch counties refpc&ively (hall make out, for tl turn*in the	°* loch meetings of lieutenancy, returns in the form in tl

form in fchc- fchedule to this ad annexed, marked (C.); and (hall fpecify is dule (C.) and fuch returns the number and names of the men who have bees rfCm ra^ flm* enrolled in their refpedtive counties, and alfo the appointed by* divifions, parities, and places, or united pari(hcs and places for Mlpeltor-gc- which fuch men (hall have been fo raifed and enrolled, and the serai | and number deficient in each of fuch divifions, parUhes or places, t0 or united parifhes or places,.as far as the fame cam be afeemined, u&>&Ca and (hall alfo fpecify the number and names of the men charged, together with the number and names of ail men certified or known to have deferted or died fince their enrolment; and (hall refpc&ively tranfmit fuch returns to the perlonsfo appointed in the refpe&ive counties -and places as aforefaid by the infpe&or-gencral, five days at leaft before the days rcfpcc-tively appointed for the firft general meetings of lieutenancy is aforefaid, and (hall at the fame time tranfmit duplicates of fccii returns to the infpe&or-general aforefaid, or his deputy, and jhal alfo produce at fuch general meetings as aforefaid, corred duplicates of fuch returns, together with any other papers, vouchers, and documents, relating to fuch additional force jss aforefaid, as may be requifite to facilitate the invefiigation and com-parifon of inch accounts and returns; and if any fuch clerk (hall omit or neglc& to make or tranfmit any fuch return or dupli-cate, or to produce any fuch duplicate as aforefaid, or (hall knowingly or wilfully make any falfe return, fuch clerk (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as any iii?^ penalty may be recovered under any a & relating m the militia.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for any perfon or perfons fo appointed by the infpe&or-geoeral or

.....^__ Isis deputy as‘ aforefaid, and every fuch perfon and perfons is

fpclt returns, and are hereby authorised at any time after the paffing of this c. in poflef- ad, during the period of his or their being employed in tie execution of this ad, at all fcafonable times to infped, examine and take copies of any returns, papers, books, vouchers, or documents, relating to the levying or completing ti e (aid additional force, that may be in the cuftody or pofleffion of the clerk of the general meetings of the county for which be or they (hall have been appointed for the purpofe aforefaid.

V01. AaJ

Penalty for negled.

Perfons appointed by miptdor-ge-neral may m

fion ot clerk of gtn^rfcl mceungr.

i3©4«] Anno regoi qnadrageirmo quarto Gkoxgii III. c. 56.	235

VIII.	And be h further eha&ed, That the depuy-iieetenanti Deputy-lieu-of fuch refpedive counties (hall afiemble at fuch fpecial meet-tt>nantf to esc" inp as aforefaid, and adjourn fuch meetings if necefiary, fo *•

tha1 e*ery fuch adjourned meeting (hall be held wichui (even infpeaor-ge-days after the meeting immediately preceding; and (hall care- m«v»I and fully examine and compare the accounts of the infpe&or»generalcauf** fc tranfmitted as aforefaid, ani the returns which (hall be pn0- Sficatc^to beT" duced and laid before them by the clerks of the general meet- made out in ags, and all otftier proper documents and vouchers that may be the form in produced a\ fuch meetings, by any perfon or perfons fo appointed fch«lu^ (D*) by the infpe&or-general as aforefaid, together with all fuch re- ™ be fenuo* turns, vouchers, papers, and documents, as may be in. the the inl’petfor bands of the clerks of the general meetings relating to fuch ad- and another to ditional force, and to tbc deficienccs that may exift therein} and the county (hall, after fuch examination and comparifon as aforefaid, catifciieu nan to be made out a ftatement and certificate in the form in the fchedole to this a St annexed, marked (D«), fpecifying the numbers of men that (hall have been raifed and enrolled in their refpe&ive counties, and in their refpedive fubdivifions and pa* tifhes thereof, and the numbers of men fo raifed that (hall have been discharged, and the numbers that (hall have died or have deferted, and the numbers that (hall have enlifted for general fervice; and the deputy-lieutenants prefentat fuch meetings (hall fign two of fuch ftatements and certificates, and caufe one thereof to be forthwith tranfmitted to the faid infpedor-general or his deputy, and the Mother thereof to be tranfmitted to the lieutenants or their vice-lieutenants of fuch refpe&ive counties.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful for Lieutenants soy lieutenant or vice-lieutenant to whom any fuch ftatement

and certificate (hall be tranfmitted* as aforefaid, who (hall fee meetings to be ration to apprehend that the fame is erroneous or defe&ive, or fummoned lor who (hall receive his Maiefty’s directions, to be communicated ie-ex«minA-by one of his principal fecretaries of date for that purpofe, to t,on caufe another fpecial meeting of deputy-lieutenants to be fum-mcnl8' c* moned to meet within fourteen days to re-examine the feme 5 and the deputy-lieutenants at fuch meeting, together with any perfon or perfons fo appointed by the irifpedor-general as aforefaid, (hall meet and re-examine fuch ftatement and certificate, and examine any further information that may be laid before them in relation thereto, and confirm or alter the fame as they (hall fee fit; and fuch deputy-lieutenants (hall fign two of the ftattments and certificates fo confirmed or altered, and caufe one thereof to be forthwith tranfmitted to the faid infpe&or-general or h?s deputy, and the other thereof to be tranfmitted to fuch lieutenant or vice-lieutenant as aforefaid; and every fuch lieutenant or vice-licutenant (hall, on the receipt of fetch firft * ftatement and certificate, if he (hall fee no reafan tb apprehend that the fame is erroneous or defective, or if no directions (hall have been communicated to fetch lieutenant or vke-ttetitenant refpe&vely, through one of his Majefty’s principal (ternaries of

ftatc.

i$6 Anno rcgni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c.56. [1804.

flate, within fourteen days, or after fuch re-examination tbercuf as aiorefaid, fign the fame.

Militia to be X, And be it furiher enafted, That, from and after the ^wd^othe ^PW'3^11 °f fourteen days after the palling of this ad, the onginaiquotas mditia raifcd in the feveral counties in England\ under an ad mentioned in pafied in the forty-(econd year of his prefent MajeAy, relating ts 41 Geo. 3. the miiitia, (hall be gradually reduced, in the manner and unda if s°-	and fubjeft to the reftriftitms and regulations in this aft con-

tained, m each of the feveral counties in England^ to the quota! in the laid act fpecified as to fuch counties refpeftiveLy* and . from and after fuch reduction (hall have taken place under this aft, the numbers fpecified in the faid aft as the original quotas of fuch refpeftive counties, exdufive of any fupplcmentary militia, and no more, (hall be fupplied, and continue to ferv$ for each or fuch counties.

Where the XI. And be it furiher enafted, That, from and after the. original quota expiration of fourteen days atter the palling of this aft, no max no foaM	or	be	enrolled	to	ferve	in	the	militia	of	any,

I allot to take county, in which the number of men aftually fervmg in thp^ j lace tiU the militia (hall exceed or amount to fuch original quota as afore^ runiberjs re- fajdv or for tfje. fupplying any vacancies then exifting, or that cuce ow may ihcreafter arife in fuch militia, until the militia of fuch county (ball be reduced below the original quota thereof fpe* eified in the faid aft relating to the militia.

^^®her equal XII. And be it further enafted, Thai in every county in^ inanycounty	foil	number of men required for the militia of fuch.

to be raifcd * county lhall not have been completed, or in which any vacancies for additional that (hall have ari.eo therein lhall not have been, fupplied, there ft rce under lhail be raifcd in manner in this aft direfted, as foon after the this act, &c. expiration of fuch period of fourteen days as aforefaid as the fame can be done, for the additional force under this aft, a i number equal to the whole of the deficiency that (hall then ex ill j in the militia of fuch couuty; an.i as often as any vacancies (hall thereafter arife by the death, dchnion, or difebarge of any men ferviog in the ini nia of fuch county, and until by means of fuch vacancies the mil.ua of fuch county (hall be reduced to the original quota thereof, there (hall be railed in like manner, according to the provifions.of this aft, for the additional force under this aft, a number equal to the amount of fuch vacancies. Where lefs XIII. Provided always, and be k furiher enafted. That if than the on- the nurnber of men aftually ferving. for any county (hall be lefs fs^emiaguhe l^an die original M^ota of fuch county, then and in fuch cafe 1 deficiency .number fufficieiu to complete (uch quQta (hall firft be. raifed and (hall firft be .enrolled in the mi itia of fuch county, according to the feveral raifed for the a(qg relating to the militia.

y lUa\ ,	. XIV. And be k fun her enafted, That, from and after the

d^hTdefcr P3®ng °f *hjs a^* cvpry vacahqy that (hall arife in any regt-tion, &C. to be menu, battalions, or ^prps ot fuch additional -force, by death or certified by defertion, or iix.confequence of any men being reclaimed as dc-r fcrters from his Majefty’s other .forces, oc from the oigopes or

manning 01-	adlkia,

1S04] Aftfio regtii qitadragefimo quarto Geough III. c. 56. 237

mtliria, or by fuch men being claimed as apprentices, or becoming fioer to the vnfit for fervice and being difcharged accordingly, fhall forthwith certified by the commanding officer thereof to the in- ihaJl wmwlly Ipfftor-general aforefaid, who (hall annuaHv tranfmit to bis Ma- inmfmit the jefy's privy council the total number of fuen vacancies aforefaid, numbers to ftat (hall have arifen and been certified to hinTin the year ending «the firft day of September in each year. '

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the Men to be an* jrtSng of this aft, there fhali be raifed in thefeveral counties in

hilindy for the year ending on the firft day' of OSfobsr onc^^*Jnfing rtoufand eight hundred and five, towards fupplying the va- from men en-cancies that have arifen in fuch additional force, by reafon ofhftinRtntothe the enlifting of any perfons ferving therein into his Majefty’s regular forces, a further and additional number of nine thoufand thilJI qoooim men; and after the expiration of fuch year, there fhali, as foon one year# dteras the fame can be done, be railed for the year beginning . on the firft day of Ofiober one thoufand eight hundred and five, and ending on the firft day of October one thoufand eight hundred and fix, for fuch additional force, amumber of men equal -to the full number that (hall have enlifted in his Majefty’s regular forces in the preceding year 5 and in each and every fuc-ocediftg year a number of men equal to the number that fhali bwe enlifted into his Majefty’s regular forces in-the then pre-: ceding year lhall in like manner be raifed for fuch additional force: provided always, that rio greater ntimber than nine thoufand men lhall be required to be raifed for any one year, towards the fupplying any vacancies that fhali have arifen by toeenlifling of men from fuch additional force into his Majefty’t regular forces in any preceding year,

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That -his Majefty’s privy Privy council council fhali canfe fuch number of nine thoufand men, and alfo*°

toe number of men required to be raifed in each Aacceeding

year, for the fupplying the vacancies arifing from the enlifting ^ apportioin

of men as aforefaid, together with the total amount of fuch ed among the

vacancies as aforefaid, which (hall have arifen in the courfe ofcounties ac- '

the preceding twelve months in the feveral counties in

to be apportioned among fuch counties according to the re- awtVnclinam-

fyeflive original quotas of men, required at the time of makingben tnutf-

fech apportionment, to be raifed in fuch rcfpedlive counties, hutted to the

under the fa id a<5ts relating to the militia, and (hall, as

after fuch apportionment fhali have been made, as the fame can noticegiveni*

be done, caufe the numbers fixed and fettled * by fitch ap- the Gazette,

ponionment, to be tranfmitted to the refpe&ive lieutenants of &e,

the feveral counties in England, or their vice-lieutenants, and

ftalfalfo caufe notice thereof to be given in the London Gazette,

and fuch lieutenants-or vice-lieutenants (ball immediately fum-*

mon general and fubdivifion meetings of lieutenancy in their

refpeflive counties;, and the deputy-lieutenants at fuch meetings*

Itiall divide a nth apportion the numbers fo fixed and fettled* among the hundreds in their refpeftive counties, and among* toe leveral paiifhes of fuch hundreds, according to the pro-

vifions

A$no rcgnj quadragefimo quarter Gsorghill. c. 56. [1804.

vifions of the fevcral afts relating to the militia, in ordet that fuch men may, as fpeedily as portable, be raifed for the additional force under the provifions of this alt.

Mbn raifed XVII. And be it farther eitafted, That aU men raifed under aft ofiatt ^ (^e ^*d recited aft of the laft feflion of parliament (hall be fvffion to he deemed and taken to be part of the additional force under this1 deemed-part aft, and (hah be maintained, (applied, and regulated, from and oj the kree aftcr fa paffiog of this aft, according to the provifions thereof. Un<kr this aft. X VjjL And ^ h fgrthw d> That, from aftd after the

aritin^inW expiration of fourteen days after the pafling of this aft, no

a^ldtiubnal	vacancies which (hall have arifen fo the fain additional force

' force railed	raifed tinder the faid recited aft of the laft feflion of parliament,,

****** bc ®*tc* ul> ^ applied *>y ballot in the manner direfted by

rAffd under the ^id recited aft; but all fuch vacancies, and alfq all vacancies

the provifions which (hall at any time after the parting of this aft arife in the

of this aft. additional force to bc raifed under the provifions of this aft, by

death or defertion, or in confcquence of any men being re-

♦ claimed as deferters From his Majcfty's other forces, or front

the marines or militia, or by fuch men being claimed as ap-

£0 much of prentices or becoming unfit for fervice, and being difeharged

recited aft as accordingly, (ball be fupplied in the manner direfted by this aft.

relates to af- XIX. And be it further enafted, That fo much of the faid

feffing fines rtcjled of the Taft feflion of parliament, as relates to the

proXIeiUc- sdJcffing or levying of any fines or penalties on any counties or

cording there* parifhes, in refpeft of any men that (ball not have been provided

to; and to according to the provifions of the faid recitedj aft, fall be tod

affcfiing fines ,^c £,pc js hereby repealed, and fo much of the faid aft relating

** tbc	°f	England*	as relates to the artefling or levying

men in Eng- any fines or penalties for any default in not having found and

land repealed, provided men for the militia, according to the provifions of the

as to deficit	from	and after the parting of this aft, be and the

tirae^fpaf-9 is hereby repealed as to all deficiencies exifling at the time

' £ng this aft, of the pafling of this aft, and alfo as to all vacancies that may

ana to future hereafter arife in any county, until the militia (hail have been

vacancies till reduced to the original quota accprding to the provifions of this the militia bc ^

^ginal^9 XX. And be if further enafted. That it (ball be lawful for quotas. the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of anv pariih, at PuiHi officers any time within one month after the expiration of fuck four-may provide teen days as aforefaid, as to all fuch men as are by this aft he°* ■■Sf* re<lu*red to be r fifed after fuch period, in refpeft of deficiencies ^mmeuto ^ t^c. milfoil Qr fach additional force, and alfo within on* month after any apportionment (ball have been made at the ftsbdivifton meeting within fitch pariih, in refpeft of fuch nine thoufend men a* aforefaid, or of any further xumberof men required to fupply the place of any men that (hall have been eniifted inbo his Majefly’s regular- forces, or of any vacancies that (hail have arifen in fuch additional force, and alfo at any time after any fuch refpeftive periods as aforefaid, before any recruit (ball have been provided by dny commanding-officer under the provifions of this aft, to fupply any fuch deficiency or _____	vacancy,

L

iSo4-2 Anna tegoi quadrageflmo quarto Georgi i HI. c. 56.	039

vacancy, to provide end produce to the perfbns appointed ta	s

recent fuch men any per (on to fcrvc in foch additional forces

tnd every facb churchwarden or overleer of the poor, producing

uj man for fuch additional force, Jhatt be entitled to reccHr#

fach proportion of the whole bounty to be allowed in rtfped ai

nch maa, as his Majefty (hall from time to time by any regu*

Wons made in that behalf diredt

XXI.	Provided always, and be it farther enaded. Tine every Sttch **** fad mas who (hall be found and provided by any fach church- resident Hardens or overfeers, (hall have been ordinarily relident thirty Within certain days or more within the parilh for which flxch man dull be limits, of found sad produced, or in fame ether parifli in the fam^fobdi- which they vifion or hundred, or in fome parifli in the fame county, ^Jtincatis^o sore than twenty miles, or in fome adjoining county not more ^

fan ten miles, diftant from the parifli for which fach man (hall ft raws atteft* he found and produced, and (hair produce to the juftice of the mg them, pace or magi (Irate before whom he (ball beartefted, a certificate.

«r fuch refidcnce from any one of the churchwardens or over*

fans of the parilh in whicn he (hall have fo redded, which certi-

feite the churchwarden or overfeer finding or providing fach

mats hereby required to give; and in cafe fuch churchwarden Penalty

or overfeer (hail negled or refufe to make out, figo, and dfeiivec

fach certificate to the man (b found and provided by him, or

lull knowingly make out and deliver a falfe Certificate, fuch cates or giving

churchwarden or overfeer (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and folk ones.

pay any fom not exceeding five pounds nor Lefs than twenty

(hillings, at the diferetion of the juftiec before whom he (hall be

coavifted thereof, to be recovered as any like penalty may be

recovered under any ad relating to the militia.

XXII.	And be it further enaded. That, from and after the No rates or palling of this ad, it flull not be lawful for any churchwarden fubicriptions or overfeer of the poor of any parifh, or any other peefan or

perfon* to make, raife, or levy any rate or rates, or any fob- foai to wh*."

krription or fubferiptions, or funq or Turns of money, or to give,

sdmee, or promile any fum or fums of money for thfc purpofa

cf inducing any perfon to eniift as a volunteer, in any fuch

additional force as aforsfaid; and every churchwarden and over- Penally for

fcer of the poor, and other perfon who (hall in any. manner pay gi ving or pro*

or give, or advance to any perfon any fum or fums of money, or

any bounty, gift, or reward, or who (hall promife any fum or bounty.

fums of money, or any bounty, gift, or reward, other than fuch

bounty as feaH be allowed and paid by or under his Majefiy’s

Stations in that behalf, (hall forfeit and pay for every fuoh eoce the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered, levied, paid, and applied as any like penalty may be recovered, levied, and applied, under any ad or a&s relating to the militia : provided Overfeers may aifo, that it (hall be lawful for any overfeer of 4he poor of any advance fub-. parilh, out of any rate in his hands for the relief of the poor, to advance, for the fubfiftence of any man r>fcd and provided for ^arch to the fuch force by any fuch parilh, during his march to the place of cemlcavous. rendezvous, any fom not- exceeding the rate of pay as two flail-

lings ..

24°	Annoregni quadragefimoquarto Georg nTIL c* 56I [1804.

lings per day, of (o many days as would enable fuch man to march from the place where he was raifed, to fuch place of rendezvous, to be calculated at the rate of not lefs than ten miles per day, with the afual number of halting days: provided always, that all Aims of money fo advanced, in refped of any men that (hall be approved and attefted for fuch additional force* (hall be repaid to fuch overfeer by the officer appointed for receiving fuch men, to be by fuch overfeers carried to the account of the rates from which the fame (hall have been advanced as afore* . faid.

His Majefty XXIII. And be it further enabled, That it {hall be lawful may appoint for his^lajefty to appoint a convenient place or places of ren-&*‘vou°/and‘ dezvous in every county in England^ for the men to be railed officer to”ap- f°r additional force, and to appoint at every fuch place of prove or re- rendezvous an officer, efpecially authorifed by his Majefty, or jfft Bum, who the commander in chief of his Majefty’s forces for the time re>klon/to 'being, to approve or rejeft the men produced and provided the clerk$of° u°der this ad, according and fubjedl to fuch regulations as his the fubdivi- Majefty (hall from time to time eftablifh for that purpofe, and fions, and the fuch officers way approve of or reject any fuch men accordingly; act^ralT* an<* cvcry °^cer rejefting any fuch man (hall forthwith certify c	the fame to the clerk of the fubdivifion meetings of the fubdi-

vifion for which fuch man (hall have beeh produced, and alfo to the infpedlor-general aforefaid, or his deputy.

Bounty tothe XXIV. And be it further enafted, That fuch bounty as his Majefty (hall diredfc, not exceeding' three fourth parts of the Ibch regula- b°unty l^at ftiall be from tittle to time allowed by his Majefty tions as bis for recruiting the infantry for general fervice, (hall be allowed Majefty Ihall and paid in refpedl of every man who (hall be provided or raifed direft. to fcrve jn fuch additional force under this adl; and fo much of fuch bounty (hall be paid to every fuch man at fuch times and places, and in fuch proportions as to any advance of any part thereof, and in fuch manner, and under and fubjedi to fuch regulations, as his Majefty (hall, by any regulations from time to time made in that behalf, be pieafed to order and diredt; and Treafury may it (hall be lawful for the lords-commiflioners of his Majefly's order twunties treafury, or any three or more of them, to order any receiver-of anyPdutics16cneralto advance and pay any fum or fums of money for or in under the rcfpedfc of any fuch bounties, or any advances in refpedt thereof, management as may be neccflary, out of any publick monies in their hands, of tiie com- or received or receivable by them out of any rates and duties mituoneriof uncjcr thc management of the cornmjffioners for the affairs of taxes •, and all mopies paid under any fuch orders as aforesaid (hall be good and valid, and be allowed to all fuch receivers* Bounty to be general in their accounts: provided always, that fuch bounty in lieu of all fliall be in lieu of all allowances and payments of money ta allowances. wjjjch any fuch man might be or claim to be entitled under any of the provifions of the faid recited adt; any thing in the (aid recited adt contained^ the contrary notwithftanding. Commanding XXV. And be it further enadted, That whenever any man pfEcers may ferving in fuch additional force as aforefaid (hall become unfit

for

iSo4*J Anno regni quadrngefimo quarto Gsoactx III. c* 56.	242

for ftrvjct in the judgement of the commanding officer of	men

battalion or corps to which he (hall belong, it (hall be lawful for fuch commanding officer to difeharge fuch man, under (uch xeAriflions as by. any regulations of his Majefty are or may be provided in that behalf* as to his regular forces, or to the additional force under, this a61, and every fuch difeharge (hall be valid and effectual to all intents and pirrpofes.'

XXVI.	And be it further enaded, That In every cafe In Where the which the number of men required to be raifed in any pari(h

under this ad, (hall riot be found or provided within fuch re- not beprovid* fpedive periods as aforefaid, or (hall not the approved in fuch ed, theparifh manner* and according to fuch regulations as his Majefty (hall (hall pay »«{• dired in that behalf, fuch pari(h (hall become fubjed to the	by*

payment of the Aim of twenty pounds, by way of fine, to be tbe dqmty-adefied and ftifedin manner by this ad direded, and the deputy lieutenants of lieutenants of the fubdivifion in which fuch patifh (hall be, (hall, the fubdiviand they are Etereby required forthwith to certify the fame to the raid infpedor-general or .his,deputy; and it (hall be lawful r£]y and upon for the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps, notice from to which fuch men (hail have been appointed, upon the receiptfhc C°FK of any notice from the fayi infpedor-general or his deputy, °f	oSg

any fuch deficiency not having, been made good, or of any fuch ^cruitL vacancy not having been filled up, to enlift, from any place # where he (hall find it mod convenient, any recruit or recruits to make good any fuch deficiency, or to fill up fuch vacancy, and to pay to each fuch recruit fo enlifted any fuch Aim by way of bounty,* not exceeding the proportion herein-before direded, as	•	-

(hail be allowed by his Majefty’s regulations in that behalf. •

XXVII.	And be it further enaded, That it lhall be lawful Generalities*-for the lieutenant and deputy-lieutenants, aflemblcd at any baf?0t°the or^ general meeting of lieutenancy under any ad relating to the^r°nw^* mi/itia, or to any fuch additional force, and they are hereby A^bdivifions, required, at fome general meeting in each year, to afeertain and fluHftand fix by-ballot the.order in which the rcfpeclivq

hundreds, and pari(hes refpedively, in their rclpedive counties and^aufe a (h?lf fbnd, as to the Supplying any deficiencies or vacancies that lift m the (arm may exift or arife therein, by the recruiting of any men by any in fchedule commanding officer under the provifions of this ad $ and (ha I, (E.)tobefcftt immediately after the fame (hall have been fo afeertained and ^Q”r^c* fixed, caufe a lift of fuch fubdivifions, hundreds, and pari(hes and the agent refpedively.entered in fuch order* and in the form in the fche* general for the dule to this ad annexed, marked (E.) to be transmitted to the ofre* infpedor-general aforefaid, orchis deputy, and to the agent-it^owWch general for the army of referve; and all recruits that (hall be the recruits * raifed by any commanding officer (hall be appropriated to the lhall be apteral, fubdivifions, hundreds, and pari (hes relpedively, in the propridtei order in which fuch fubdivifions, hundreds, and parifhes (hall have been entered in fuch lift as aforefaid; and the infpedor- nrr^|9 0rge-general aforefaid, or his deputy or general agent aforefaid, fliall, neral’agent, as foon as the fame can be done, give notice thereof to theto g*vc notice overfeers of the poor of the parifh to the account of which fuch of uleparHh Vox*. XLV.	R	recruit	jq	whoie ac-

&4t Aftno regni quadragefitao qtuurto Gmroii IH. c. 56. [1804.

epunt the men recruit (hall have been Entered, and (hall fpccify the name, y.r;„a7e^cc> tefidence. occupation, and defcription of fuch recruit. m. ♦ « La XXVIII. And he it further enabled, That every man pro. the folio win z v»<led apd railed under this aft, to (me in fuch additional force, thall take the following oath; (that is to (ay),

oath.	<	T A.B. do make oath. That to the beft of my knowledge

JL and belief I am	yegrs	of	age;	was	born	in

the pariflt of	In	or	near	to	the	town	of

in the county of	that	1	am	by	trade	or	occupation

a ■ that my left piece of. refidence was at in the pariflt of	in	or	near	to	the	town	of

in the county of	in	the	character	or	occupation

of	that	I am np ways difabled by lamenels, but

have the perfeft ufc of my limbs; that I ant not fubjeft to fits, have no rupture, am no apprentice, nor belong to his Majefty’s other forces either of army, navy, or marines; and I do further fincerely promife »n<| fwear, That I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to his majefty King	and that 1 will

faithfully ferve his Majefty ip Britain and Ireland, and the iflands of Gnernfij, jtr/ey, and Alderney, for the defence of the fame for the period of Eve years, and further until fix months after the termination of any war iq which this kingdom may at the expiration pf the faid period be engaged, by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, unlefs I (hall be foooer difeharged. As witnefs my hand, this	day	of

the regular forces.

By whom the which oath may be adminiftered in like manner, and by fucb and the fame perfoos, as any oath may be adminiftered to any men raifed under the faid recited aft of the laft feffion of par* liament, or to any men enlifted in any of his Majefty’* regular Men to be at- forces; and every fuch man (hall be attefted in like manner, and tefted at for by fuc(, perfons as any man may be attefted for his MajellyY regular forces, fo far as fuch arteftation, or any certificates relating thereto, can be made to apply to the fervice of any man in the-additional force under this aft.

Hu Mijefty XXIX. And be it further enafted, That it ihall be lawful men here- <M f°r bis Majefty, from time to time to caufe the private nun toforeor here- heretofore railed, or that fttall hereafter be raifed to ferve in after raifed fuch additional force, to be formed into additional or reGervcd he formed battalions; to be attached, (where circumftances will admit of S^aUon»?to *be fame), to any regiments or battalions of his Majefty’s re-be attached to gutar forces, bearing the name of the county, or counties in battalions of which fuch additional force (hall have been railed, or into fc• the regular	parate battalions, not attached to any other regiment or b«-

feraatebat-0 ta^on: provided always, that in any cafe in which the men taiions not fo raifed to ferve for any county, or any proportion thereof, cannot attached, itc. conveniently be attached to any fuen battalion bearing the name of any fuch county or counties, it (hall be lawful for bis Majefty to attach the fame feparately, or with any other men railed in. any other county, to any other battalion of his Majefty’s re*. gular army, as flull appear to his Majefty to be moil proper.

XXX. And

L

i$04'] Anno rcgni quadragefimo quarto (Geokgii III. c> 56.	243

XXX.	And bo it further ena&ed, That none of the (aid men, Men not to be to to raifed by virtue of this ad, Audi be compellable or com- compellable to pelled, on any pretence whatever, to ferve out of the United certain Umiu. Kingdom, and the illands of Guimfyk Jtrfey* and Aldefney^ uri-

lefs tjicy (hall freely and voluntarily enlift in any of his Majefty’s forces for general fcrvice, and (hall bare been for that purpofe previoufly and duly difchirged from their fervice in the additional force to be raifed by virtue of this adt.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful HU Majefty for his Majefty to appoint fuch officers and noo-commiffioned ®ayappoint officers to command and difcipline fuch regiments^ battalions,

or corps, as his Majefty (hall think fit; and every fuch officer, fioned officers, and every non-com miffioned officer and drummer, ip any fuch who, as well regiment, battalion, or corps, and every fuch private man, from *• the time of his being' (Worn as aforefaid, and during the time j^t^muuny for which fuch force (hall remain embodied, as well as the ad- iaw$4 ' ditional force to be raifed by virtue of this a&, (hall be fubjeft to all the provifions, rules, regulations, pains, and penalties as well pains of death as others, as are or may be contained in any a& of parliament then in force for punching mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; and any articles of war made in purfuance thereof; and all the provifions, powers, authorities, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as well pains of death as others, contained in every fuch a& and articles of war, (hall be in force with refpe& to the additional force to be raifed by virtue of this adt, and (hall extend to *U officers, non-commiffioned officers, drummers, and private men of the fame, in all cafes whatever.

XXXII.	Provided always, and berit further ena&ed, That Term for

no part of the force to be raifed or maintained under this adl which the men

(fuch men only as (hall have enlifted for general fervice ex-

cepted), (hall remain embodied for more than fix months after

the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, unlefs in purfuance

of any a6k or a£k$ of parliament which may be hereafter patted

for that purpofe.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That at the expiration Infpeftors-ge-of fuch vefpc&ivc periods within which any man may be found ner^to fcnd. and provided by the churchwardens or ovcrfcers of the poor of q^arter-fcf-^ any parifh as aforefaid, or as foon after as the fame can be done, fions, certi-the (aid, infpe&ot-general or his deputy (hall from time to time ficatesof de-traofmit to the juftices of the peace or magiftrates aflcmbled at y^ndes who the fevcral general quarter-feffions of the peace, held for

refpc&ive counties in England, certificates of the deficiencies penalty, &c. and vacancies that remain to be filled up in their refpe&ive counties; and fuch juftices of the peace, or the magiftrates. aflcmbled at fuch feflions, (hall aflefs the penalty ^of twenty pounds for each private man fo certified to be deficient as aforefaid ; and every fuch penalty may and (hall be affefled and apportioned as to the parifhes or united parities which (hall have made default according to the provifions of the faid a& relating to the militia, and.ftall be recovered as dire&cd by this atf, and

r 2	applied

z44

Anno regni quadragefirao quarto Gborgii IIL c. 56. [1804,

applied towards the railing the men for filch additional force: provided always, that if at any time after any fuch penalty fhall have been afiefied and paid as aforefaid, and before fuch notice (hall have been given of any recruit having been raifed as : aforefaid, a man (hail be found and provided by the churchwardens or overfeers of fuch parifh or united parimcs, to fupply . the deficiency in refpeft of which fuch penalty was ailefled and paid, then and in fuch cafe three-fourth parts of the amount of fuch penalty (hall, under the order of the fecretary at war or his deputy, be applied towards the payment or difcharge of any other fine or fines due from fuch parifh or united pariflies, or if no fines (hall be due, then (hjdl be paid to the overleers of the poor for the relief of the poor of fuch parifii or united parilhes. Separaterates XXXIV. And be it further epafted, That, from and after to be made for the puffing of this aft, no fines or penalties afiefied on aoy parilb, StteT^from ky reafon of any default in not having provided or produced any which certain men for fuch additional force, according to the provisions of perfons (hall this aft, (hall be paid out of the poor’s rates ; but in every fuch be exempted. cafe a feparate, diftinft, and fpecial rate (hall be made for the payment of fuch fines, in fuch and the like manner, and according to fuch and the like rules and regulations as any rate may be made for the relief of the poor, and (hall and may be collefted, levied, and recovered by fuch and the like powers as any rate raifed for the relief of the poor may be collefted, raifed, levied, and recovered: provided always, that every perfon ferv-ing in any volunteer or yeomanry corps, and entitled under aoy aft relating to volunteer or yeomanry corps to any exemption, and every perfon who (hall be now ferving, or who (hall during the prefent war have ferved either perfonally or by fubftitute as a private man in the militia or any additional force under the (aid recited aft of the laft feffion of parliament, whole aileflment in any rate for the relief of the poor (hall be mad4 on any pro-. perty not exceeding in annual value according to the valuation on which fuch rate (hall be made, the fum of twenty pounds,

*	(hall be wholly exempt from fuch rate; and every fuch perfon

whole afleffment (hall be made on any fuch property, exceeding in annual value as aforefaid fuch fum of twenty pounds, (hall by reafon of fuch fervice be exempt as to fuch property to the amount of fuch fum of twenty pounds, and be ratted in fuch rate only to the amount by which fuch property (hall exceed fuch annual fum of twenty pounds as aforefaid; and if any perfon (hall think himfeif or herfelf aggrieved by any fuch rate as aforefaid, fuch perfon may appeal to the next general or quarter feflions, in fuch manner as is provided in cafes of appeals againft rates for the relief of the poor,.

XXXV.	And he it further enafted. That all fines, and alfo all arrears of fines, and all moieties of fines, paid or to he paid under any afts relating to the militia, or fuch additional force as aforefaid, and remaining in the hands of any perfon or perfons whatsoever, and alfo all monies remaining in the hands of any clerks of fobdivifioo meetings, or any other perfons what-

. .	Ibcvcr,

Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fef-boat.

Recovery of hues, &c.

1804.3 Anno regniquadragcfimo quarto GeOroii III. c. 56.	24$

fever,* arifing from any half part or refidue of any Turns of money paid by or on account of any perfon ballotted to ferve in tbe militia or fucb additional force as aforefaid, for the engaging of any fubftitute or volunteer to be enrolled in his ftead, and not fubfequently paid over to the perfons entitled to receive the fame, purfuant to the directions of the ads relating thereto, *

(hall be debts to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and may be recovered as fuch, or in manner directed by this ad, or may be levied under any ad or ads relating to the militia or the faid recited ad Of the laft feflion of parliament, and (hall be tranf-mitted, font, and paid to the receiver-general ef the county, and Hull Iks paid over by fuch receiver-general to the order of the Secretary at war, for the benefit of fuch perfon or perfons as may be iuftly entitled to the fame.	*

XXXVI.	And be it farther enaderf. That all fuch half parts Application or refidues of any fuch Aims of money as aforefaid, remaining in °f refidue of the hands of any clerks of fubdivifion-meetings, or of any other perfon or perfons whatever, arifing out of any monies paid by c\tvk* of fub-or on account of any perfon ballotted to ferve in the militia, or divifion-mect-the additional force raifed under the faid recited ad of the laft feflion of parliament, for the engaging of any fubftitute or volunteer to.be enrolled in his ftead, and not fubfequently paid over to the perfon entitled thereto, fhall, in all cafes in which the perfon fo entitled thereto (hall have been difcharged as unfit for fervice, or have deferted, go and belong to the parifh, tything, or place, for which, fuch man (hall have been enrolled to ferve, and (hall, by the order of the fccretary at war, or his deputy, be paid to the overfeers of the poor of fuch parifh, tything, er place; and all fuch Turns of money, when paid to fuch over-leers, and alfo all Aims of money arifing from any moieties of any fines or penalties that fhall, after the expiration of twenty-one days after the palling of this ad, remain in the>hands of any overfeers of the poor of any parifh, tything, or place, under the (aid recited ads, (hall go and be applied in aid of the poor rates of fuch parifh, tything, or place, towards the payment of any fines or affefTments under this ad, and the furpius, if any, fhall be carried to the account of the faid rates.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded, That in every cafe in Mode of re-whicb any fuch affefTments (hall not be made by fuch juftices °f the peace or magiftrates, purfuant to the provisions of this ad, ntdcbj juf-&nd in every cafe in which any treasurer of any county (ball tices, monies negled or omit to pay any fums of money from time to time received by received by him in refpedof any fuch affefTments to any re- county-tree^ ceiver-general within twenty-one days after the receipt thereof;	by*

aod alfo in every cafe in which any overfeers of the poor of any overfeers, parifh, tything, or place, (hall refufe or negled to raife any fines, &c, money required to be raifed for the payment of any fuch affefi-ment,* within twenty-one days after the date of fuch afleftment; and alfo in every cafe in which any fuch clerks of fubdivifion-meetings, or other perfons wbatfoever, having in their hands *ny fuch moieties of fines, or h*lf parts or refidues of fuch Aims

£46 Annoregni qciadragefimo quarto GfcoRdii IIL c- $6. [1^04^

of money a* aforefaid, (hall not, within twenty-one days after the patting of this ad, pay the fame to fuch refpedlve receivers-general as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for his Majefty’s court of exchequer, and the fame court is hereby authoriied, on the ap-plication of his Majefty’s attorney-general, by motion to the (aid court, in a fummary way, to hear and determine on the matter of fuch application; and if, on notice of fuch application to the clerk of the peace, or trcafurer of the county, riding, divifion, 9’ity, town, or place, or overfeers of the poor of the parifli, tything, or place, in refpeft of which default (hall have been made, or to.the clerk of fubdivifion-mcetings, or other perfons aforefaid, in relation to whom fuch application fhall have been made, as the cafe may require, no fufficient caufe fhall be (hewn for fuch default, negled, or omittion as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the faid court of exchequer to fine any fuch county, riding, divifion, ftewartry, city, town, parifli, or place, or treasurer, overfeer of the poor, or clerk of fubdivifion-meetings, or other perfon as aforefaid refpe&ively, in any fum not exceeding double the amount of the fum that ought to have been afiefled, or paid, or levied, or accounted for, as the cafe may be, and to caufe the feme to be levied by dtftringas, or other prdeefs applicable to the nature of the cafe* according to the rules and v p rad ices of fuch court.

If meetings XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That arCh*0t hCld ^ through the negled or miftake of any lieutenant or deputy-riod herein^6" h«ut*nants, or of any clerk of any general meeting, or other

Jirefcribed,	officer or perfon, or from any other caufe, any meeting required

pectal meet-. to be held for anv of the purpofes of this ad, (hall not be held }"?• may ^ within the period herein preferibed, a Special meeting may and ft cn, &c.	^a|| ^	fummoned and holden, for the purpofes for

which any fuch meeting ought to have been holden purfuant to this ad,-as foon after fuch period as may be; and if any afl, matter, or thing, by this ad required to be done at any meeting as aforefaid, (hall not be performed at fuch meeting, it (hall be lawful for the perfons refpedively authorifed and required to do ,any ftich ad, matter, or thing, to carry the fame into execution at any fubfequent meeting; and all fuch meetings fo fummoned as aforefaid, and all ads, matters, and things refpedively, which (hall be done and performed at any fach meetings as aforefaid, (hall be as good, valid, andeffedual, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch meetings had been fummoned, and fuch ads, matters, and things, had been done purfuant to the diredions of this ad.

Provisions relating to counties to extend to ridings, &c. ' and relating to hundreds to extend to other diyi*

XXXIX. And be it further enaded. That all provifions, diredions, claufes, matters, and things whatever, in this aft contained, relating to counties, (hall extend, and be conftrued to extend, to all ridings, divifions, cities, towns, and places; and all provifions, diredions, claufes, matters, and things, in this ad contained, relating to hundreds, (half extend, and be cofl-ftrued to extend, to all rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other dl-vifidns-in or to any fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, or

c	nlace;

z8o4-} Anbo rcgni quadragefttoc quarto Osorgii III. c. 247

place; and all provifiom, dircdions, claufes, matters, and things, in this ad contained relating to pariihes, (hall extend, and be conftrued to extend, to all united pariihes in every cafe in which any parifhes tpay be united for the purpofes of this ad, and to all townfbips, tythings, and places, and to all extra-parochial places united therewith, for the purpoles of this ad or any ad relating to the militia, or to any additional force railed under any ad or ads of the laft feffion of parliament, as fully and amply as if they were feverally and refpedively repeated in every fiich provifion, diyedion, ana daufe, and with relation ta • every fuch mattet^or thing.

XL. And be it further enaded, That all the powers, pro- Powers pf vifees, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties; claufes, matters, recited ad and things, contained in the laid ad of the forty-fecond year ** his prelent Majefty’s reign, or in any 6ther ad relative to the {££ to militia, or in the laid recited ad of the lad feffion of parliament, * for railing and aflembling an additional military force in iha.ll, in fo far as the feme are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, or other and different provilions made in relation to < fuch additional force, or tl\e additional force under Wt» ad, be applied and pradifed for the purpofes of this ad, and as to the additional force required by this ad, in as full and ample k manner as if the laid powers, provilbes, rules, regulfeioifr, for* feitunfs, penalties, claufes, matters, and things, were sgaifc repeated atid enaded in this ad.

XL1. Provided always, and Stf it further enaded. That none but not to the of the'provilions or claufes in the faid ads or any. or either pf riving any al. them contained lhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to th<- IhTtv^es or aathorifing, allowing, or giving any allowances 'or fuftjs df faLlies of money, or provifion for the wives or families of any men men railed railed for the additional force- under this ad, after the paffinfc *fter P*®0* thereof.	^a^'

XLLT. And be it further enaded, That this ad may be Aft may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any ad or ads to bepaffed in this a,t*reJ* ?f r<" (f2w of .parliament,	. '	$£**

SCHEDULES

*48 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto GeOrqii III./ c. 56. [1804.

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.

Schedule [A.]

ACCOUNT of Infpeaor-Generel of the ARMY of RESERVE for	of

Men received - - - 500	Quota » » 65°
Men discharged as unfit 60	Effe&ives who arc
	now ftrving, or
	who have entitled
Dead - - ' » ao	for General Ser-
	vice - - 39S
	
Defcrted - * • w	
— IIO	Deficiency - 260
■ 390		n 1 	

G. A. Infpedor-General of Army of Referve. ort

-	£•	Deputy Infpc&or-General of Army ofRelerve.

iSo4*J AnnoregniquadragefunoquartoGEORGii III.c.56.	249

Schedule [B.]

s

SUBDIVISION of	'	in th*

County, of	'	<

j  f	Tythinga,	, Names o£ Men.  >			Date  of  Enrolment.	Penalties and Fines paid.
	or ” Places.	Principals,	Substitutes. *	Volunteers.		
	Hackney  tflington	Sam1 Joqcs -Tho» Smith -£dwd Smith -Will" Gray -  1	John Na(h -	John Merks • ¥	April 2.  m	<0>
	Totals -	»■ ^	'			

(Signed) A. B. Clerk to Subdivifion-Mcetings.

Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georqii III. c.56. [1804:

Schedule [C-]

RETURN of Clerk of General Meetings of Lieutenancy o/the County of

Quota of County	650.

SubdiviGon of A, Quota z8.				SubdiviGon of B, Qjiota % 4J				SubdiviGon of C. Quota 31. '			
• P*ri<h of C, zo»				Parifli of E. $.				Parilh of P. xi.			
Men railed jmd enrolled.	Dif-  charged.	Dead.		Men railed and dprolled	Dif-  charged.	Dead.	Defartcd.	Men raifed and enrolled.	Dif-c barged.	Dead.	pdertci !
A. B.  C.D.  E.F.  G.H.  I.K.  L.M.	k	•	•					\	•*	•	1
6	I	I	X								
Parilh of D. 8.											
a.b:  C. D E.F. G.H.				Parifli of							
											
.4	I	I	1								

A

A.B.

Clerk to General Meetings.

ifof ] Anno ngni qnadragefitno quarto Ge6roti III. c. 56. 051

Schedule [D.]

CERTIFICATE of the Deputy •'Lieutenants of tb»v of

Total Quota of the				of		O  O  *0	
	Subdivifion of B.				Quota 740		
PARISHES.	awsat	Men nriferi and carolled.	Dtfchaifced	Dead.	feefcxted.	(/cMieiCj*	Meo cm tided in  Ann 7.
A,  B.  C.			1	- *	•		s
Totals	-						
	Subdivifion of £•		- -		Quota Ss.		
FUtlSHCS.	Ob	Men ratted and enrolled.	DilSurged.	Dead.	Defcrted.	Deficiency.	Men eniiftedin Atjny*
A.  B.  a	-	j	-	/		•	•
Totals -							s

Confirmed	(Signed)	££}	Deputy-Lieutenant*.

Lieutenant.

N. Bo Where new Appointments have been made the new Quotas mull be (petrified, becaufe Deficiencies arifing from Vacancies will be altered in confequence.

252 Anporegni quadragefimoquarts Georgii III. c. 56. [1804,

Schedule [E.]

LIST of Hundreds and Parities,'in the Order in which Men are to be. recruited for the Year 1805, or (as the cafe may be.)  • ■ " ’ . . . - 		 '		
Subdivifion of D. t		
* i-  Hundred of C. ■», or Rape of C.  [as tht cafe may te.]	*3*  Hundred of M,	4-  - Hundred of P.  \  s  J  1
1. Pariih of E. a. - - of F. j. • - of 6. 4.- . of	t. Pariih of P.  *• - - - Q  3.	- - - F.  4.	- - - M.  5.	- - - AT.	1* Pariih of 2» -  3.	- - -  4.	-  5.	- - .
		
Hundred of M.	*1 1 •  • 1 1 1  vO is	. Hundred of
	8. - - . r.  9* * • • A io, « . -	
Pariih of L. - -• * • 0.		1.	Pariih of  2.	- - -r  3-  4* - • * •  5.	- - .  6.	- r f  1

Afcertained by Ballot, at a General Meeting of Lieutenancy of the abort County, held at	on	the	Day	of	180

Signed,.	/	B:	*

Clerk of General Meetings.

A

i8o4*J Anno regni quadragcfimo quarto Georoii III. c. 57958. 253

CAP. LVII.

h ad to

exempt from duties on export all limns of tie mansfoRurt of tie United Kingdom.—[June 29, 1804.]

TI7HERE AS tie inttrejls of tie empire require that every W practicable encouragement Jbould be given to the linen menu-1dure thereof: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may je enacted ; and be it enaAed by the King's moil excellent lajcfty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiri-ktl and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament fcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and No duty to fer the palling of this aft, no duty whatever fhall be payable h* payableoit • the export of any linen of the manufacture of any part of |~f^xpoit ” ^ : United Kingdom; but that all linen of the manufa&ure of United Kingdom (hall and may be exported free to any x whatsoever, and without payment pf any cuftom, fubfrdy, r duty whatlbvcr ; any thing contained in any a£t or a£U to the Dtrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

t

CAP. LVIII.

aB for directing certain publick accounts of Ireland to bo kid annually before parliament.—[June 29,1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the publick accounts {/'Ireland Jbould be prepared and mode ready add laid, before both boufes y parliament unthin a limited time after the clofe of each year; may jk therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be erta&cd; and b6 Itena&ed by the King's mod excellent Majefty, by and with put advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and Yommons, in this prefent.parliament aflembled, and by the	:	*

authority of the fame, Thar, from and after the fifth day rfThetreafiiry •January one thoufand eight hundred and five, the lords-comr *nifioners for executing the office of lord-high-treafurer of Ire- publick ac-Jdnd for the time being ft^all annually caufe an account of the counts to be total publick income of lreland% including all its ordinary reve- anauaDy xtues and extraordinary revenues, to be prepared and made out ^^Pa<v" for one year, ending the fifth day of January in each year, tor U gether with an account of the income of the confolidated fund of Ireland for every fuch year, and of the a&ual payment thereon within the faid year, and of the future annual charge upon the laid fund, as the fame flood on that day; and alfo an annual account of the net produce of the taxes within the faid year; and alfo an account of the arrears and balances due from all publick accountants on the faid fifth day of January in each year; and*alfo an account of the exports and imports of Ireland» and of the (hipping regiftered in or belonging to the fcveral ports of Ireland, within the faid year; and alfo an account of the publick expenditure* of Ireland within the faid year; .and alfo an account of the publick funded debt of Ireland^ and the tedu&ion thereof; and alfb an account of the unfunded and

outftanding

Anno rcgni quadragdimo quarto G&q&oii III* c $9. [1804

outftanding debts of Ireland, as the fame ftood refpeftivcly on the fifth day of January io each year} and aUo an account, ihewing how the monies riven for the fervice of Ireland for t&c year preceding the faid fifth day of January have been difrofed of; and alfo an account of the receipts and ifliies of the treasury of Inland within the faid year, together with the balance thereof atthe end of the faid year; and that the faid lords-com- | < xniffioners <hall in each year caufe fuch account to be laid before both houfts of parliament, on or before the fifth day of M&& in each year, if parliament (hall be then fitting, or if p*rli>-snent (hall not be then fitting, within fourteen days after the next fitting of parliament,

CAP, UX.

fin aft to indemnify folicitors, attornies, and others, who have ntr-j lifted to enter certificates within the time limited by an eft nek \ in the thirty feventh year of hit prefent Majefty \ and to amendji much of the faid aft as relates to 'the entering fueb certificates [June ig, 1504..]

WHEREAS by an aft, faffed in the twenty-fifth year $f th ^	reign of bis prefent Majefty, intituled. An for granting

?£* **	*° his Majefty certain duties on eertificates to be taken out by

folicitors, attornies, and others* pra&ifing in certain courts of juftice in Great Britain, and certain other duties with refcsdu warrants, mandates, and authorities, to be entered or nlcd of record as therein mentioned, certain duties were granted on certi-ficates to he taken out by any felicit ir% attorney, notary, proftor, ogut or procurator, of bis admijfion, enrolment, or regifter, in tiny of th courts therein mentioned: and whereas by another aft, pafjediniU 37 Geo. 3.	thirty feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty,	intituled,	An

c. 90.	ad	tor granting to his Majefty certain ftamp-duties on the k-

veral matters therein mentioned, and for better fecuring the duties on certificates, to be taken out by folicitors, attornies, and others, pradlifing in certain courts of juftice in Gnat Britain, it was enafted, that, from and after the time in the fold frj recited aft mentioned\ every perfon admitted\ fwom, enrolled, cr rt• giftered a folicitor, attorney, notary, proftor, agent or procurator, i% any of his Majeftfs courts at Weftminfter, or in any other oj A courts in the fata aft fpecifiei, fhould annually, between the firjl lej of November and the end of Michaelmas term then next filming during fuch time as he Jbould continue to praftife in any of tit jail courts, or before fuch perfon Jbould commence, carry on, or defender* aftion or fuit, or any proceedings whatfoever in any of tbt fai courts, denver in to the perfon or perfons in the faid loft recited ad in that behalf mentioned, a paper or note in writing to thttfift therein direfted*, and that thereupon .and upon payment of themul impofed by the faid aft faffed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign if his prefent Majefty, every fuch perfon Jhould be entitled to fuch eertiji-cate as in the faid recited aft is mentioned; and that every certifau Jo to be obtained, Jhould be entered in one of the courts in utbitb th

r&of] Anno regnt quadragefimo quarto Gkorgii III. c. 59.	>55

frrftn itfcribed therein JbouU bo admitted, enrobed, fwern, or regifi •

It'd, with the proper officer or officers of the fold counts, within

tb* time therein before defcrihei, before fucb perfen JbouU be adU

Wti to praaife ; and whereas fevered of theperfons who by the faii

kj recited aR are repaired to obtain and enter the certificate therein

Irationed, have, without aery intention to defraud bis Mayefty's re*

ume, negJeRed or omitted to obtain and enter the faid certificate

Mil the time limited by the faid laft mentioned aQ\ by reafm

Vbtrtof fucb perfons have incurred the penalty thereby impofed, and

OnfubjeR to actions for the fame, netwithfianding they have after.

bnrdi obtained and entered fucb certificates and pend the duty thereon :

mi whereas feme afliont nave been commenced and are depending,

yd ether aQions mty be commenced againji fucb perfons for the re-

Usury of penalties incurred by them: and whereas it is expedient

Jkf nftef JbouU be given in the cafes before mentioned, and that the

|pi all Jbeuld he amended, as far as tfre fame relates to the time of

rntry rffucb certificates: may it therefore pleafe your Majcrtv

put it may be eroded; and be it eroded by the King's molt .

excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the

lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-

jbment affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Perfons negu

Eere any perfon who by the faid laft recited ad is required to er his certificate ia the Cud ad mentioned, (hall have neg- ™J^ficatei led or omitted to enter the fame within the time preferibed purfuaat to the faid ad, but who ihall neverthdefs afterwards, and before 37 Geo, 3, ittecommencement of any adion for recovery of the penalty? 9°* dapofed by the faid ad for fuch negled or omiflion, have en- jfenSred*' teed or ihall enter fuch certificate in manner therein direded, before next /ponded that fuch ceriifibate hath been obtainod in manner Hilary term, .lad time by the (aid recited ad direded, and ihall he entered ‘On or before the commencement of Hilary term next enfuing,

<t iweinafter mentioned and direded, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch perfon (hall be and is hereby indemnified, freed,

-aid difchargcd from and againft all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and durabilities incurred or to be. incurred for or by reafon of fuch his negled or omiflion as aforefaid; and all ads done by fuch perfon (hall iri fuch cafe be of the fame force and validity as the fame or any of them fhould have been in cafe fuch perfon had entered the faid certificate within the time and in manner by the faid laft recited ad limited and direded*

11.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe any adion or In adion*, .adion* (ball before the pafling of this ad have been brought ©r tefore paffing commenced againft any perfon or perfons, for or by reafon of foch negled or omiflion as aforefaid, and which perfon or per- penalties for font Dull have obtained and entered his or their certificates in negled, the manner direded by the faid laft-recited ad before the com- plaintiff* to mcncement of fuch adion or adions, that then fuch perfon or cofo^anTau perfons .ihall not be liable to the payment of any penalty for or additional on account of fuch negled or omiflionj and the plaintiff or fum of 10/. plaintiffs in fuch adion or adions fhall not recover or be entitled to recover, in refped thereof, more than his or their

coils

z$6 Anncrregni quadragcfimo quarto Georgii III. c. 60. [1864,

cods which piay have been actually incurred in fuch aflion, or actions up to the twenty-third day of January one thoubnd eight hundred and four, to be taxed by the proper officer of the court wherein fuch aftion or adfons (hall have been brought, together with the further fum of ten pounds in addition to fuch coils; and the perfon or perfons againft whom any fuch adiou (hall have been brought, (hall, upon payment or tender-made to the faid plaintiff or plaintiffs, or to the attorney or attornies employed in profecuting fuch a&ion or motions, of the cofts fo taxed as aforefaid, and of the faid additional fum of ten pounds as aforefaid, be wholly indemnified, freed, and difeharged from j and againft all penalties and forfeitures incurred by reafonof Jut no perfon any fuch pegledl or omiffion as aforefaid: provided always, finaljiXc- t^lat nothing herein contained (hall extend or be conftrucd to ment than extend to indemnify any perfon againft whom final judgement have been en- (hall have been regularly otyained and entered up, on or before the faid twenty-third day of January one thoufand eight hun-Jan. *3^1*04, ^rC{* anc* f°ur* *n anf	*n	any of his Maj^fty’s. courts of

ffiali be in- * record brought for recovery of any penalty or penalties incurred damnified. by reafon of any fuch negledt or omiffion as aforefaid.

Inftead of the III. And be it further enadted, That fo much of the faid ad iftof Novem- made in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefem certificates^ Majcfty, as requires fuch certificate as aforefaid to be entered to be made *n the manner in the faid a& mentioned before the end of any time be- Michaelmas term in the year in which the fame (hall be ob- ' fore Hilary tained, (hall be and the lame is hereby repealed; and that, tcnru	from and after the paffing of this adl it (hall be lawful for any

perfon or perfons, who by the faid laft-recited a & is or are required to obtain fuch certificate," in any year after the firft day of November, to enter the fame at any time before the' commencement of Hilary term then next following; and every certificate fo entered as laft aforefaid (hall be as good, valid, and cffe&ual, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if the fame had been entered within the time for that purpofe limited by the faid laft recited a&.	.	.

CAP. LX.

An aft for the preventing of bribery and corruption in the election of member: to ftrve in parliament for the borough of Aylelbury hi the county ^Buckingham.—[June 29, 1804.]

WHEREAS there was the moft notorious bribery ami corruption at the laft eleftion of burgeffas to ferve in parliament for the borough of Aylelbury in the county of Buckingham: and whereas fuch bribery and corruption is likely to continue and be froc* tifed in the faid borough in future, unlefs fame meant are tetktn to prevent the Jame: in order, therefore, to prevent fuch unlawful prat-tiers for the future, and that the faid borough may from henceforth be duly reprefanted in parliament; be it cnaded by'the King's inoft excellent majfefty, by and with the advice and cbnfent of the lord’s fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent

parliament

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 60.	2 57

prliamcnt aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Perfona hav-from henceforth it (hall and may be lawful to and for every ,n£ * freehold freeholder, being above the age of twenty-one years, who (hall threehunt I have within the three hundreds of Aylefburyy or one or more of dreds of | them, in the county of Buckingham, a freehold of the clear Aylelbury of t yearly value of forty (trillings, to give his vote at every eledionYcajfy * of a burgefs or burgeffes to ferve in parliament for the faid vote at°,#

\ borough of Aylejbury.	elcaions for

II.	And be it further enalted. That the right of elefiion of Aylefbury.

I-1 member or members to ferve in parliament for the faid Right of t'-borough of Aylejbury (hall be and is hereby declared to be in fh«i°n to be v fuch freeholders as aforefaid, and in the perfons who, by

4 cuftom and ufage of the faid borough, have or (hall hereafter pcrfons hav-fbave a right to vote at fuch ele&ion 5 and the proper officer for ing a right > the time being, to whom the return of every writ or precept by cuftom of does belong, is hereby required to return the perfon or perfons of a ^fbury to ferve in parliament for the faid borough who (hall have theto Votc,

'‘major number of votes of fuch freeholders, and other perfons Having a right to vote at fuch election; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding: provided always,4* that fuch freeholders only (hall be entitled to vote as (hall be duly qualified ho vote at elections for knights of the (hire for the faid county w Buckingham, according to the laws now in being for regu-Natiog county elections.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That every fuch freeholder, Freeholders, ‘before he is admitted to poll at any election for the faid ***“£ borough, (hall, if required by the candidates, or any of them,f°Uow** c or any other perfon having a right to vote at the faid election,

:£tfttake the oath, or, being one of the people called Quakers* thelblemn affirmation following; videlicet,

*T DO fwear, [sr, being a Quaker* folemnly affirm,] That 1 Oath.

1 am a freeholder in the three hundreds of Aylejbury* or any one or more of them, in the county of Buckingham* and have a freehold eftate, confifting of	[/?*!/}*#£

the nature thereof; and, if it confifis in mejfuages, lands* tenements, tr tjthtSy in whofe occupation the fame are; and* if in rent* the neats of the owners or poffeffors of the tenements out of which fuch unt is iffidng* or of fome of them], f&tuate, lying, or being at in the aforefaid hundreds, or in one or more of them, of the clear yearly value of	over and abovq

all rents and charges payable out of or in refpedt of the fame; and that I have been in the afiual pofTeflion or receipt of the rents and profits thereof, for my own ufe, above twelve calendar months [or* *bat 'the fame came to me within the time aforefaid by itfunty marriagty marriage fettlementy devife* or promotion to a benefice in a church* or by promotion to an office]* and that fuch freehold eftate has not been granted or made to me fraudulently on purpofe to qualify me to give my vote; and that the place of my abode is at	in	and	that I am

twenty-one years of age, as I believe; and that 1 have noc been polled before at this elediion.’

Voi. XLV.	S	Which

&5& Anno regni quadragefimoquarto Georgii III* c. 6r. ^1804.

Which oath or folemn affirmation the proper .officer to whom the return of any writ or precept for fuch eleflion Khali belong, Penah’, for is hereby required to adminifter; and in cafe any freeholder or taking a falfe othCr perfon taking the faid oath or affirmation hereby appointed, Khali thereby commit wilful perjury* and be thereof con-vifled; or if any perfon Khali unlawfully and corruptly procure or fuborn any freeholder or other perfon to take the faid oath or affirmation, in order to be polled, whereby he (hall commit fuch wilful perjury, and (hall be thereof convifled, he and they for every fuch offence refpeflively (hall incur fuch penalties as are inflicted on perfons guilty of perjury or fuboraathm of perjury in and by two afls of parl:ament, one made in the fifth year of the reign of queen Elizabeth, intituled. An aft for punifbing fy.h perfons as Jhall procure or commit wilful perjury, or Juborn or procure any perfon to commit any wilful or corrult ptrju7, and the other made in the fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An afi for the mart effeftuul preventing and further puni/bmeni offorgery, perjury, and Jubor nation of perjury, and to make it felony to Jleal bonds, notes, v other fecurities for payment of money, contrary to the faid a&s. Proper officer IV. And be it further enafled, That fuch proper officer to to	on	whom	any writ or precept (hall be direfled for making any

anVekdion c^C(^*on f°r feM borough, (hall, upon the receipt of fuch the day of his writ or precept, indorfe upon the back thereof thedayoN.il receiving it, receipt thereof, in the prefence of the party from whom here* and proceed ceived fuch precept, and (hall forthwith caufe publick notice to withhiVcer^n S*vcn within the faid borough of Aylefbury, and the fevenl tain period, towns of Great Miffendm, IVendwer, and Haddenham% by affixing up a notice thereof in writing on the market-houfes, or on it* doors of the churches of the (aid towns, of the day of eleflior, and (hall proceed to eleflion thereupon within the fpace of twelve days, and not lefs than eight days next after his receipt of the fame precept.,

Afl to be	V. And be it further enafled, That this afl (hall be pub*

read before Jkkly read at every eleflion for the faid borough of Aylejkn ^ededioa.10 immediately after the afls direfled by any afl of parliament to . be read thereat, and before the perfons prefeut (hall proceed to . make fuch eleflion.

CAP. LXI.

An afl ta amend two afls, made in the eighteenth and thirty-ninft . years of his orefent Adverty, for the errfting a court-boufc for the holding of feffions of the peace in the city of Weftminfter) and for purchasing certain buildings and ground between Saint Margaret* Itrect, (Jnioo-ftrcet, and King.ftreet, in the faid city, for theufcuf the publick.—[June 19, 1804.]

Afls is Geo. v c. 7%. 19 Geo. 3. c. ft*. *3 Geo. a. e. 14- recited. And whereas the commifftoncrs appointed by the faid recited afls, puffed in the eighteenth andthirty-ninth years of his prefent Majefty, have pur-chafcd, and agreed to ptmrhafe, certain ground, houfes, and prettifo, for the purpofe of erefling a building for rhe holding the courts in the laid afls mentioned on the foe thereof j and whereas the erefling of the

laid

i8o4.3	Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Geokcii III. c. 259

laid courts on fuch ground* and the refort of pcrfons to fuch courts, would incommode the approach to the two houfes of parliament* and produce oonfidevablc inconveniences i and whereas the dean and chapter ot the coihgiate church of Saint Peter in Weftminfler are willing to fell the fit* of the faid market of the city of Wettmintter (which market haa fatten into disufc) ; and fuch fite will be more convenient for the purpofei of errfl hag fuch boil ding for holding the faid courts: and whereas the eommrffloners appointed by the faid recited acts are willing to fell the ground, houfes, and premifcs, already purchafed and agreed to be pur-thafrcL, to his Mtjetty, and to purchafe the fite of the laid market in lien thereof, and to ereft the Lid court-houfe thereon: and whereas it is t^cflary that additional commiffioncrs ihould be appointed for carrying ko efi'tft the faid recited ads. General commiflioners appointed who dmv fell the premifes vetted in them to the ipecial commiflioners mentioned in rhis ad for his Majetty. General commiflioners may build the court-houfe on the flte of the market. General commiflioners not to (red other buildings than the court-houfe. Performance of covenant with Elizabeth Doughty. For purchafe of buildings and ground between Saint Margaret-ftrtct, Union-ftreet, and King-ftreet, for the improvement ot the acccfs to the houfes of parliament. Extending provifions of 41 Geo. 3. c. 13 Premifts conveyed by this ad not to be granted or leafed under ads relating to crown lands. Directing the application of coirpenlation money. Where any quettion (hall anfc, touching the title to money to be paid, the perfon who (hall be in pofleflion of the lands, &c. at the time of f'uch purchafe lhall be deemed entitled thereto according to fuch pofleiflon. Direding the court to order reafonable expenurs of purchaies to be paid by the trultees. Publick ad,

CAP. LXII.

Ad ad for making further provifion for making and maintaining an hi-

hnd navigation, commonly called The Caledonian Canal, from the Ealtern to the Weftern Sea by Invcrncfs and Fort William, in Scotland.— [June 29, 1804 ]

Aft 45 Geo. 3. c. vos. recited. Grant of fifty thoufand pounds. Com-ffilfoners to meet in the manner direded by the recited ad, and for the pnTpofes of this aft, to excrcife all the powers, and to obferve all the direftions given by the recited aft. Commiflioners may appoint officers and take iecurity. Officers quitting or difeharged, and executors of trol'e oying, to deliver up books, &c. Commiflioners to fettle accounts cf officers. Commiflioners may make bye-laws. Subfcriptions may be received. After the navigation mail be completed, commiflioners may fell fiiares. Produce of fales to be paid at the receipt of the exchequer.

Committee of fubferibers to be appointed. New fite of harbours forming either extremity of the navigation. Powers for making navigation. Loch Girry, Loch Quoich, or Qtpcta, and’ Loch Arkeg to be embanked..

Houles, gardens, &c. not to be injured. Breadth of canal and towing pith. No building to be ereded on the towing paths except for the navigation. If old roads are deftroyed, new ones to be made. Plan and book of reference to be authenticated by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, and depofited. Not to deviate from the plan more than one hundred and fifty yards. Bodies politick. See. empowered to fell and convey lands, it' parties cannot agree, price to be fettled by a jury. Application of compenfation-money. In cafe of not making out titles, orifptrfons cannot be found, purchafe-money to be paid into the bank of Scotland. Rates of tonnage not to exceed twopence fteriing per ton per mile. Mile-ftones to be ereded. Commiflioners empowered to ieafe the rates. Navigation to be free upon payment oF rdei. Drains to be made to convey water from the lands adjoining, for fencing off towjng paths and makimr bridges, &c. Swivel or draw-bridgestobc (hut after veflels have palled. Works damaged by floods to be repaired by the cofnmiffiontrs. Land-owners may ereft wharfs* fcc. Application of rates. Commiflioners ndt to ufe private wharfs.

s a	Penalty

Penalty not exceeding five pounds nor lets than forty (hillings on perfont taking in or unloading goods, unlefs at publick or private wharfs. Meters to put their names and number on the outude of boats. Veffcls obftruCHng the navigation to be removed. Penalty on perfons ohftru&ing the navigation, opening locks, or rieftroyuig the works. Regulations for vcflels palling locks. Rights of land-owners to the fifliery preferred. Power for land*owners to ufe plcafure-boats. Miner referred to proprietors. Recovery of fines and forfeitures. Perfons aggrieved by irregularity in diftrefs to recover only the fpecial damages. Appeal. Limitation of a&ions. General ifltie. Double coils. Publick aft.

CAP. LXIII.

An aft for veiling a capital me Ullage, with the appurtenances, Gtuate in Kevin-ftreet, in the city of Dublin, called The Palace of the Archbi(hop of Dublin at Saint Sepulchre’s, in his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors; and for applying the purchafe-raoney, together with another fun therein mentioned, in manner and for the purpofes therein mentioned. —[June 19, 1804. J

C A LXIV.

An aCl to continue, until the firft day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five, the operation of an aCt palled in the laft fettion of par-liamenr, to fufpend proceedings in actions, profecutions, and pro*; ecedings under certain aCts relating to the woollen manufacture, and alfo under an aCt of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, fo far as the fame relates to certain perfons employed or concerned in the (aid manufacture,-[June 30,1804.]

ACt 4i Geo. 3. c. 136. continued to July.i, 1805.

CAP. LXV.

An ad to continue, until the fir ft day of July one thoufand eight hundred and five, an a& patted in the laft fettion of parliament, fur continuing two ads, the one patted in the forty-fecond year of his prefent Majefty, for regulating the prices at which grain, meal, and flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Greit Britain; and the other made in the laft fettion of parliament, for permitting the exportation of feed-corn from Great Britain to Ireland, sad the importation of malt into Great Britaiu from Ireland.—[July 3, 1804.]	*	j

CAP. LXVL

Jn afl for eftahlijhing and maintaining a permanent additional font for the defence of the realm^ and to provide for augmenting bis Majefty s regular forces \ and for the gradual reduction of th militia of Scotland.—[July ic, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a permanent additional font Jbould he eftablijbed and maintained, under regular officers^ for the defence of the realm% and for augmenting and fupplying bis Majefty* s regular forces \ and that the militia of Scotland jbould bt gradually reduced, under certain reftrifiions and regulations, to tbt original quotas fpecified in an afi, pajfed in the forty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty: may it therefore plcafe your Ma-jefly that it may be enadled; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty,* by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and* temporal, and commons* in this prefent ^	parliament

i$04'] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georoii III. c. 66.	261

parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That a permanent additional force (hall be eftablifhed ancTmaintained in Scotland, and (hall be raifed and completed in the manner by raffed, and the this aft direfted; and from and after the completion of fuch quota* of the additional force under this aft, the quotas to be maintained and Several couiu fupplied in the manner direfted by this aft, by each of thetici feveral counties in Scotland, (ball be as follows ; that is to fay,

For the county of Edinburgh four hundred and forty-four;

For the city of Edinburgh tour hundred and thirteen;

For the county of Linlithgow'one hundred and twenty-five;

For the county of Haddington two hundred and five;

For the county of Berwick two hundred and feven;	'

For the county of Peebles fixty;

For the county of Selkirk thirty-three;

For the county of Roxburgh two hundred and thirty-feven;

For the ftewartry of Kirkudbright two hundred and one;

For the county of Wigton one hundred and fifty-nine;	*v •

For the county of Ayr five hundred and eighty-one;

For the county of Renfrew five hundred and thirty-nine;

For the county of	Lanark	one thoufand	and two;

For the county of	Stirling	three hundred and fifty-one;	• -

For the county of	Kinrofs	forty-feven;	#	;

For the county of	Fife fix	hundred and	forty-five;	’

For the county of Dunbarton one hundred and forty-three;

For the county of Bute eighty-one;

For the county of Argyle four hundred and eighty-five;

For the county of bivernefs five hundred and twelve;

For the county of Perth eight hundred and feventy-one;

For the county of Forfar fix hundred and eighty-one;

For the county of Kincardine one hundred and eighty-one;

For the county of Aberdeen eight hundred and fifty-four;

For the county of Banff two hundred and thirty-nine;

For the county of Elgin one hundred and eighty-four;

For the county of Nairne fifty-feven;

For the county of Cromarty twenty-one;

For the county of Rofs three hundred and fixty;

For the county of Sutherland one hundred and thirty-three;

For the county of Caithnefs one hundred and fixty-one;	*

For the county of Dumfries three hundred and feventy-nine;

For the county of Clackmannan feventy-five.

II. And be it further enafted. That in the feveral counties Men appear-and ftewartries in which the full number of men required to bein?to be dc-raifed by an aft, pafled in the lad fefiion of parliament, intituled, returns of An all to enable bis Majcjly mare effeftually to raife and ajfemble an derks Qf additional military force in Scotland, for the better defence and fetu- general meet-rify of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous profecution e/’?n?s to.be the vjar, (hall not have been raifed purfuant to the provifions thereof refpeftively, the number of men that (hall appear to be when the de-deficient upon the returns to be made under this aft by the fidency (h«ll

clerks have been

264 Anno regni quadragcfimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66. [1804.

aforefaid, and (hall at the fame time tranfmit duplicates of fuch returns to the infpcdtor-general as aforefaid, or his deputy, and (hall alfo produce at fuch general meetings as aforefaid corred duplicates of fuch returns, together with any other papers, vouchers, and documents, relating to fuch additional force as aforefaid, as may be requifixe to facilitate the inveftigation and comparifon of fuch accounts and returns; and if any fuch

ne jea or for c^er^	om^ or ne6^®^ to ma^c or tranfmit any fuch

m^kfug falfer return or duplicate, or to produce any fuch duplicate, as afore* faid, or fhall knowingly or wilfully make any falfe return, fuch clerk (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as any like penalty may be recovered under any ad relating to the militia.

VII. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for any perfon or perfons fo appointed by the infpedor?general or his deputy as aforefaid, and every fuch perfon and perfons is

Penalty on clerks for

returns.

Perfons appointed by infpe&or-ge-neral may in-

fix, in poflef-fion of clerk of general meetings.

* Deputy-lieutenants to examine accounts of

caufe a ftate-ment and certificate to be made out

fpeft returns, and are hereby authorifed at any time after the patting of this r	during the period of his or their being employed in the

execution of this ad, at all feafonable times to infped, examine, and take copies of any returns, papers, books, vouchers or documents, relating to the levying or completing the faid additional force, that may be in the cuftody or pofleffion of the clerk of the general meetings of the county for which he or they (ball have been appointed for the purpofe aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That the deputy-lieu-tenants of fuch refpedive counties or ftewartries (hall aflcmble at fuch fpecial meetings as aforefaid, and adjourn fuch meetings the infoc&or- if neceflary, fo as that every fuch adjourned meeting (hall be general, and held within (even days after the meeting immediately preceding ; and (hall carefully examine and compare the accounts of the infpedor-general fo tranfmitted as aforefaid, and the returns which (hall be produced and laid before them by the wd c*er^s ^e gcn®r*l meetings, and all other proper documents and one copy anc* vouc^crs that maybe produced at fuch meetings, by any to be fent to perfon or perfons fo appointed by the infpe£lor-generS as afore, the infpe&or- (aid, together with all fuch returns, vouchers, papers, and do-general and cuments, as may be in the hands of the clerks of the general county^lieu- C mee**nSs relating to fuch additional force, and to the deficiencies tenant. that may exift therein and (hall, after fuch examination and comparifon as aforefaid, caufe to be made out a ftatement and certificate in the form in the Ichedule to this a& annexed, marked (D.), fpecifying the numbers of men that (hall have been raifed and enrolled in their refpe&ive counties or ftewar-trics, and in the refpedive fubdivifions and parifoes thereof, and the numbers of men fo raifed that (hall have been difeharged, and the numbers that (hall have died or have deferted, and the numbers that (hall have enlifted for general fervice; and the deputy lieutenants prefent at fuch meetings (hall fign two of fuch (htements and certificates, and caule one thereof to be forthwith tranfmitted to the faid infpedlor-general or his deputy,

and

i$04'] Annoregni quadragefimo quarto G rough III. c. 66*	265

and the other thereof to be tranfmitted to the lieutenants or their vice-lieutenants of fuch rcfpeftive counties and ftewartries.

IX.	And be it further enafted; That it (hall be lawful for Lieutenants any lieutenant or vice-lieutenant to whom any fuch ftatement cau1e. . ani certificate iball be tranfmitted as aforefaid, who (hall fee meetbgsTo rtifon to apprehend that the fame is erroneous or defective, or be fummoned who (hall receive his Majefty’s direftions, to be communicated forre-exa-

i by one of his principal fecretaries of date for that purpofe, to ictufe another fpecial meeting of deputy-lieutenants to be fum* £C,Cmcnt5* moned to meet within fourteen days to re-examine the fame$ and the deputy-lieutenants at fuch meeting, together with any perfon or perfons fo appointed by the infpeftor-gcneral as afore-hid, (hall meet and re-examine fuch ftatement and certificate and examine any further information that may be laid before them in relation thereto, and confirm or alter the fame as they (hill fee fit; and fuch deputy-lieutenants (ball fign two of the fbtements and certificates fo confirmed or altered, and caufe one thereof to be forthwith tranfmitted to the infpeftor-general or his deputy, and the other thereof to be tranfmitted to fuch lieutenant or vice-lieutenant as aforefaid; and every fuch lieutenant or vice-lieutenant (hall, on the receipt of fuch firft ftate-©ent and certificate, if he (hall fee no reafon to apprehend that the fame is erroneous or defeftive, or if no direftions (hall have been communicated to fuch lieutenant or vicelieutenant refpeftively, through one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, within fourteen days, or after fuch re-* examination thereof as aforefaid, fign the fame.

X.	And be it further enafted, That, from, and after the Militia to be

expiration of twenty-one days after the paffing of this aft, the	^

militia raifed in the feveral counties and ftewartries in Scotland^ original * under an aft palled in the forty-fecond year of his prefent quotas fpc-Aiajefty, relating to the militia, fhall be gradually reduced, cified in a# in the manner and under and fubjeft to the reftriftions and re- *a Geo. 3. gilations in this aft contained, in each of the feveral counties c'

and ftewartries in Scotland, to the original quotas in the faid act fpecified as to fuch counties and ftewartries refpeftively; 4 and from and after fu:h reduction (hall have taken place under this aft, the numbers fpecified in the faid aft as the original quotas of fuch refpeftive countjes and ftewartries, exclufive of any fupplemcntary militia, and no more, (hall be fupplied, and continue to .ferve for each of fuch counties and ftewartries.

XL And be it further enafted. That, from and after the	.

expiration of twenty-one days after the paffing of this aft, no°J[^Jor

man (hall be ballotted or be enrolled to ferve in the militia of moreis ferv-

any county or ftewartry, in which the number of men aftually ing, no ballot

ferving in the militia (hall exceed or amount to fuch original tak* place b c r •. t	r	1	•	till the num-

quota as aforefaid, or for the fupplying any vacancies then ^ j8 rc<juced

cxifting, or that may thereafter arife in fuch militia, until the below it.

militia of fuch county (hall be reduced to the original quota

thereof fpecified in the afts relating to the militia.

XII. And

this act, &c.

NumhcTcqu.il XII. And be it furtherena£led,That in every county and ftew-to deficiency artry jn wfftch the full number of men required for the militia of (h^ri^rai?e5 county or ftewartry (hail not have been completed, or iry for additional which any vacancies that (hall have arifcn therein (hall not have; force under been fupplied, there (hall be raifed in manner in this aft di« reeled, as foon after the expiration of fuch period of twenty-one days as aforefaid as the fame can be done, for the additional force under this a<ft, a number equal to the whole of the deficiency that (hall then exift in the militia of fuch county or ftewartry; and as often as any vacancies (hall thereafter a life by the death, defertion, or difeharge of any men ferving in the militia of fuch county or ftewartry, and until by means of fuch vacancies the militia of fuch county or ftewartry fhall be reduced to the original quota thereof, there (hall be raifed in like manner, according to the provifion of this a<5t,for the additional force under this aff, a number equal to the amount of fuch Lieutenantto vacancies; and the lieutenant, vice-lieutenant, or deputy-lieu-trA^minif- tcnants cvery county or ftewartry, city, or place, (hall ters a notke” tranfmit, free or expence, to the minifter of every pari(h bound in form in to fupply any fuch deficiency or vacancy, a notice according to fchedu!c(F.), the form in the fehedule (F.) hereunto annexed, directing the it h? church"1^ heritors of fuch parilh, by themfelves or their agents, or fomc and caufe a* perfon authorifed by them, to fill up fuch deficiencies or vacin-copy to be cies in manner herein-after mentioned; which notice every fuch affixed on the minifter (hall read, or caufe to be read, in the church after church-door, divine fervice, before the congregation is difmi(Ted, the firft Lord's day after receiving the lame; and (hall further caufc 1 true copy thereof to be affixed on the church-door the fam: day.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if °uou^ ferv number of men a£hially ferving for any county or ftevvarrr/ ing^the de-V"	original	quota	of	fuch county, then zrA

* *	"	”	in fuch cafe a number fuflicient to complete fuch quota fljail

firft be raifed and enrolled in the militia of fuch county or

Where lefs than the original quota is ing, the ficier.cy ftvdl firft be ratfed

for the militia, ftewartry, according to the feveral afts relating to the militia. Je^Th^defr^ XIV. And be it father enafled, That, from and after the tion ifcc. tobe Pa®nS’	every	vacancy	that (hall arife in any regi-

ctrtified by mcnis, baitalions, or corps, of fuch additional force, by desrh or defertion, or in confluence of any men being re-clatmcd as deferters from his Majefty’s other forces, or from the marine or militia, or by fuch men being claimed as apprentices, or becoming unfit for fervice, and being difeharged accordingly, (hall annually (hall be forthwith certified by the commanding officer thereof to the infpeftor general aforefaid, who fhall annually tranfinit to his Majefty’s privy council the total number of fuch vacancies aforefaid that (hall have arifen and been certified to him in the year ending on the firft day of September in each year.

XV. And be it further cn-idled. That, from and after the palling of this a&, there (hall be raifed in the feveral counties

4	  and	ftewartiies in Scotland, for the year ending on the firfi* J.sy

uc* tnftng by of 0Huber one thouLad eight hundred and five, towards (u:-

P’)ir‘S

the commanding officer to the »ifpe&or-g€-ncr.il, who

tranimit the numbers to the privy council.

Men to be

annually raifid to flip ply itn-

i 8o4-3 Anno regmquadTagefi mo quarto GeorgiiIII c.66.	267

plying the vacancies that have arifen in fuch additional force, men entitting

by reafon of the enlifting of any perfons enrolled therein inro tmo

Ms Majcfty’s regular forces, a further and additional number but^ounore

of one thoufand eight hundred men; and after the expiration th..n t,3co ia

of fuch year there (hall, as foon after as the fjme can be done, one year.

be raifcd for the year beginning on the faid firft day of Q*t:bcr

one thoufand eight hundred and five, and ending on the fir ft

day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and fix, for fuch

aJJiiional force, a number of men equal tp the full number that

(hall have enlifted into his Majefty's forces in the preceding

year, and in each and every fuccceding year a number of men

equal to the number that fhall have eniifted into his Majefty’s

regular forces in the then preceding year, (hall in like manner

be railed for fuch additional force; provided always, that no

greater number than one thoufand eight hundred men (hall be

required to be raifed for any one year, towards the fupplying

any vacancies that (hall have arifen by. the enjifting of mea

from fuch additional force into his Majefty’s regular forces in

any preceding year.

XVI.	And be it further enabled, That his Majefty's privy Privy council runcil (hall caufe fuch number of one thoufand eight hundred rr.en,and alfo the number of men required to be raifed in each {,e r^ed to fucceeding year, for the fupplying the vacancies arifing from be apportion* the enlifting of men as aforefaid, together with the total ed among the amount of fuch vacancies as aforefaid, which (hall have arifen in the courfe of the preceding twelve months in the feveral mhku ° counties and ftewartries in Scotlandto be apportioned among quotas, and fuch counties accoiding to the refpedlive original quotas of men fuch numbers required at the time of making fuch apportionment, to be	to

railed in fuch refpe&ive counties and ftewartries, under the faid naiit^am! ad, relating to the militia, and fhaii, as foon after fuch ap-notice given portionment (hall have been made, as the fame can be done, in the Edin-caufethe numbers fixed and fettled by fuch apportionment to bu,^ G;j-be transmitted to the refpetfive lieutenants of the feveral coun-	fum-

tics and ftewartries in Scotland, or their vice-lieutenants, and (ball uioueii, Sec. alfo caufe notice thereof to be given in the Edinburgh Gazette, and fuch lieutenants or vice-lieutenants (hall immediately fum-mon general and fubdivifiun-mcetings of lieutenancy in their relpeftive counties and ftewartries; and the deputy-lieutenants at fuch meetings (hail divide and apportion the numbers fo fixed and fettled among the fubdivifions, parifhes, cities, or places, in their refpetfive counties and ftewartries, according to the proviftons of any a£t relating to the militia, in order that fuch men may, as fpeedily as poftible, be raifcd for the additional force under the provifions of this ad; and for thatDeputy-lteu-purpofe fuch deputy-lieutenants (hall tranfmit, free of expencre, a notice in the form in the fchedule (F.) hereunto annexed, torh-minir- * the minifier of every parifti within their refpedive fubdivifions rers a notice within which fuch men are to be raifed, which notice every fuch in form in minifter (hall read, or caufe to be read, in the church after f^ednle (R). divine fervicc^ before the congregation is difmified, on the fir ft i„ chulch?

Lord’d and caufe a

copy to be Lord’s day after receiving the fame; and (hall further caufe a a?xc u jn thc true jC0Py thereof to be affixed on the church-door the fame

church-door. »	..

church-door.

Men raifed binder re :ited aft oF laft feflion to be deemed part of the force under this aft.

Vacancies

Lord’s day.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That all men raifed under the faid recited aft of the laft feffion of parliament (hail be deemed and taken to be part of the additional force under this aft, and fhall be maintained, fupplied, and regulated, from and after the palling of this aft, according to the provifions thereof,

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That, from and after the arifeninaddi- expiration of twenty-one days after the palling of this aft, no tionft Force Vacancies which fhall have arifen in the faid additional force

raifed under the faid recited aft of the laft felfion of parliament fhall be filled up or fupplied by ballot in the manner direfted by the faid recited aftj but all fuch vacancies, and

raifed under recited aft. See. (hall be raifed under the provilions of this aft.

alfo all vacancies which fhall at any time, after the palling of this aft, arife in the additional force to be raifed under the provilions of this aft, by death or defertion, or in confequence of any men being re-claimed as deferters from his Majefty’s other forces, or. from the marines or militia, or by fuch men being claimed as apprentices, or becoming unfit for fervice, and being difeharged accordingly, fhall be fupplied in the manner direfted by this aft; for which purpofe a notice fhall be transmitted to the ininifter of the parilh, read in the church, and i copy thereof affixed on the door of the church in the manner herein-before direfted, in the cafe of deficiencies or vacanciej to arife in the militia.

XIX.	And be it further enafted. That fo much of the fad recited aft of the laft feffion of parliament, as relates to the afleffing or levying of any fines or -penalties on any counties, ftewartries, or parifhes, in refpeft of any men that fhall net have been provided according to the provifions of the faid recited aft, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealedj and fo much of the faid aft relating to the militia of Scotland, as relates to

vKling militia- the afleffing or levying any fines or penalties for any default in aTtodefiden- noc having found and provided men for the militia, according ties, at pairing to the provifions of the faid aft, fhall, from and after the this aft, and palling of this aft, be and the fame is hereby repealed, as to all deficiencies exifting at the time of the paffing of this aft, and alfo as to all vacancies that may hereafter arife in any county or ftewartry, until the militia fhall have been reduced to the original quota, according to the provifions of this aft.

XX.	And be it enafted, That as foon as conveniently may be after the paffing of this aft, and before the expiration of ten days after the firft of any fuch notice fhall have been fo read m the church as aforefaid, the heritors of each parifh, or their agents, fhall meet and aflemblejn fuch manner as heritors in Scotland ufually meet and afTemble, for the purpofe of ap* pointing fome perfon to provide and produce men for fuch parilh, to be raifed under the provifions of this aft, and (hall iroin time to time as often.as fuch appointment fhall be recalled,

which

So much of recited aft as relates to 2(Telling fines for men not provided according thereto, and for not pro-

futnre vacancies, till the militia (hall be reduced to original quotas. Heritors to meet and appoint perfons to provide men.

1S04.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gboroii TIT, c. 66.	£69

which fuch heritors are empowered to do, or any fuch perfon (hall rcfign or die, meet and aflemble for the purpofe of ap-pointing t’dme fuch other perfon.

XXL y\nd be it further enabled. That it (hall and may be Heritor*, &c. lawful for the heritors of every parifli, by themfelves or their may produce agents, or any of fhem, or for fome perfon by them appointed for the purpofe of providing men to be raifed in the manner tional force, dire&ed by this a&, at any time within one month after fuch and (hall be notice fhall have been read in the church as aforefaid, and alfo	10

at any rime after fuch period, before any recruit (hall have bounty' been provided by the commanding officer under the provifions of this a&, to fupply any deficiency or vacancy, to provide and produce to the perfons appointed to receive men to be raifed purfuam to this a&, any perfon to ferve in the faid additional force; and the perfon appointed by fuch heritors as aforefaid* producing any man for fuch additional force, (hall be entitled to receive fuch proportion of the whole bounty, to be allowed in refpe£t of each man, as his Majefty (hall from time to time by any regulations made in that behalf dired.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That Such men every fitch man who (hail be found and provided by any fuch rcfid<nt heritors, agents or perfon appointed by them, (hall have been within certain ordinarily refident thirty days or more within the parifli for limits* of which fuch man (hall be found and produced, or in feme other JJ'hjch parilh in the fame fubdivifion, or in/ome parifli in the fame ccrti£rares to county or ftewartry, not more than twenty miles or in fome the magif-adjoining county not more than ten miles diftam from the trates atteft-parifli for which fuch man (hall be found and produced, and *n£ th*10»

Quit produce to the juftice of the peace or magistrate before whom he (hall be attefted, a certificate of fuch rcfidence from anyone of the elders of the parifli in which he (hall have fo rended, which certificate fuch elders are hereby required to give; Penalty c? and if in cafe any elder when required (hall negledt or refufe to fin^tVgive make out, fign, and deliver fuch certificate, to the man fo found certificates, or provided, or (hall knowingly make out and deliver a falfe or giving faifc certificate, fuch elder (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and oncs-pay any fum not exceeding five pounds nor lefs than twenty Hulling* fterling, at the diferetion of the jufiice before whom he (hall be corivi&ed thereof, to be recovered as any like penalty may be recovered under the faid recited a & relating to the militia*

XXIII* And be'it further enafled, That, from and after the No aJTeffment parting of this a it (hall not be lawful for the heritors of any ^ontobe^ parifli, or any orher perfon or perfons, to make, raife, or levy ma(je for jfU any afleflment, or any fubfeription or fubfcriptior.s, or fum or during per-fums of money, or to give, advance, or promife, any fum or fons to enlift* fums of money to any perfon, for the purpofe of inducing fuch perfon to enlift as a volunteer, or in any manner, in any fuch Penalty for additional force as aforefaid; and every heritor, agent, or giving or perfon appointed, or other perfon, who (hall in any manner profiling pay, or give, or advance, to any perfon any fum or fums of ^ted ™

money, bou uy.

270 Anno regni qu&dragefirao quarto Georgii III. c. 66. [1804.

money, or any bounty, gift, or reward, or who flull promife any fum or turns of money, or any bounty, gift, or reward, other than fuch bounty as fh^ll be allowed and paid by cr under his Majefty’s regulations, in that behalf, flull forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered, levied, paidi and applied, as any like penalty may bej recovered, levied, and applied, under the faid ad relating to the militia.

CoHeftors of XXIV. Provided always, and be it enabled, That it fhaH adVancelJub-	f°r colIe<9or of the county or ftewartry wheiein

irWnct. to	any perfon fo enlifted fhall refide, and fuch colledor is hereby

enable men to required, to advance, out of any monies in his hands, to any march to the perfon fo enlifted, producing to fuch colledor an order to that rendezvous. effe(q? figned by any deputy-lieutenant, or any one juftice of the peace of fuch county or ftewartry for the fubfiftence of fuch men raifed and provided for fuch force by any fuch parilh, during his march to the place of rendezvous, any fum not exceeding the rare of pay at two (hillings per day, of fo many days as would enable fuch man to march from the place where he was raifed to fuch place of rendezvous, to be calculated at the rate of not lefs than ten miles per day, with the ufual number of halting days: provided always, that all fums of money fo advanced in rerpe& of any man that (hall be approved and at. tefted for fuch additional force, (hall be repaid to the collector who (hall have advanced the fame, by the officer appointed fer receiving fuch men.

HJs Majefty XXV. And be it further enadfed, That it (hall be lawful may appoint for his Majefty to appoint a convenient place or places of ren-rendezvous dezvous in every county and ftewartry in Scotland, for the men and officers’to to	for fuch additional force, and to appoint at every

fuch place of rendezvous an officer fpecially author! fed by his Majefty or the commander in chief of his Majefty’s forces for the time being, to approve or rejedi the men prodbeed ar.d provided under this adt, according and fubjedi to fuch regulations as his Majefty (hall from time to time eftablifh for (hat purpofe, and fuch officers may approve of or reject any fuch men accordingly ; and every officer rejecting any fuch man (hail forthwith certify the fame to the clerk of the fubdivifton-meer-ings of the fubdivifion for which fuch man (hall have been produced, and alfo to tire infpedor-general aforefaid or hi* deputy.

XXVI. And be it further enafied, That fuch bounty as his Majefty (hall dired, not exceeding three-fourths of the bounty that (hall be from time to time allowed by his Majetty for recruiting the infantry for general fervice, fhall be allowed and paid in refpeci of every man who fhall be provided or raifed to fervn in fuch add tional force under this a& $ and fo much of fuch bounty (hall be paid to every fuch mao, at fuch times and places, and in fuch proportions, as to any advance of any part therejf, and in fuch manner, and under and fubjefl to fuch regulations as his Majefty (hall, by any regulations from time

to

approve or reject men, who (ball certify rejections to the c)erk of the fubdivifion, and the infpedtor-gtneral.

Bounty to be paid under Inch regulations as his Majefty Jhall direct.

1804.] Anno icgni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66* 271

to time made in that behalf, be pleated to order and dired; and it /hall be lawful for the lords commiflioners of his Ma- Treafury may jelly’s treafury, or any three of them, to order the receiver-order the general for Scotland^ or the collector of the cefs of any county or lie war try, to advance and pay any fum or films of money Scotland or for or in refpedt of any fuch bounties, or any advances in county-col* refped thereof, as may be ncccffary, out of any publiclc monies Ic&or to pay in their hands, or received or receivable by them out of any bounties, rates and duties under the management of the commiflioners * ter the affairs of taxe$; and all monies paid under any fuch orders as aforefaid, (hall be good and valid, and be allowed to fuch receiver-general, or colle&ors in their accounts: provided Bounty to be always, that hich bounty (hall be in lieu of all allowances and1 heu ot all payments of money to which any fuch man might be or claims ali0Wdnccs* tc be entitled, under any of the provifions of the faid recited ad; any thing in the faid recited aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVIL And be it further enaded, That whenever any Commanding men ferving in fuch additional force as aforefaid (hall become ®.®cer8 may tinSt for tervice, it (hall be lawful for the commanding °®ccr men Iwom-of the regiment, battalion, or corps to which he (hall belong, jng ungt for todifeharge fuch man, under fuch reftridions as by any regu- fcrvice. lations of his Majefty are or may be provided in that behalf, as to his Majefty’s regular forces, or to the additional force under this ad, and every fuch difeharge (hall be valid and effectual to all intents and purpotes.

XXVIII.	And be it further -enacted, That in every cafe in Where the which the number of men required to be raifed in any parifli due “umber under this ad, IhalJ not ]be found or provided within fuch not^pri. rdpedive periods as aforefaid, or (hall not be approved in fuch vided, the manner, and according to fuch regulations as his Majcfty (hall pari(h (hail d;re2 in that behalf, fuch parifli (hall become fiibjed to the P*X which payment of the fum of twenty pounds by way of fine, to be u/the affdTcd and raifed in manner by this ad direded, and the de- dcputy-licu-puiy-lieutenants of the fubdivifion in which fuch parifli fliall tenants of the be, (hall and they are hereby required forthwith to certify the f“hdivificm to fame to the laid infpedor-general or his deputy; and it (hall be gencra^and" lawful for the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, upon notice or corps to which fuch men (hall have been appointed, upon from him the the receipt, of any notice from the (aid infpedor-general or commanding his deputy, of any fuqh deficiency not having been m*de 8^^* enlift rccrmti. or of any fuch vacancy not having been filled up, to enlift,

from any place where he (hall find it mod convenient, any recruit or recruits to make good any fuch deficiency, or to (ill up fuch vacancy, and to pay to each fuch recruit to enlifted any tech fum by way of bounty not exceeding the proportion hereinbefore direded, as (hall be allowed by bis Majefty’s regulations in that behalf.	rvneral nwt-

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That it /hall be lawful to fix ' for the lieutenant, and deputy-lieutenants aflembled at any by ballot the general meeting of lieutenancy under any ad relating to the"J^Vfubdi-

5	.	n,ilitia>	Wfions,

zji Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii TIL c. 66. [1804.

(hall ftand, as militia, or to any fitch additional force, and they are hereb? to (applying required, at fome general meeting in each year, to ascertain aod^aufcTa’ an^ by ballot the order in which the refpe&ive fubdivifions lift in the	and pari flies in the refpeflive counties and ftewartries (hall

form hi	(land, as to the fupplying any deficiencies or vacancies that

to^e fent to^ ma7 cx*^ or ar*k	by the recruiting of any men by any

the infpetfor- commanding officer under the provifions of this ad, and (hail generaland immediately, after the fame (hall have been fo afeertained and fixed, caufe a lift of fuch fubdivifions and parifhes entered in fuch order, and in the fchedule to this a£t annexed, marked (E.)J to be tranfmitted to the infpe&or-general aforefaid, or his deputy, and to the agent-general for the army of referve; and all recruits that (hall be railed by any commanding officer (hall be appropriated to the feveral parifhes from which fuch money {hall have been remitted, in the order in which fuch fum of money The infpc&br- Giall *,avc been entered in fuch difeharge, and the infpe£for-general, or	general aforefaid, or his deputy or general-agent aforefaid, lhaH,

general- as foon as the fame can be done, give notice thereof to fome notice to* the* Per^on *n *be Par^> to be appointed by the heritors or their parifh, to 1C agents, for the purpofes of this a &, to the account of which whofeaccount fuch recruit (hall have been entered, and (hall fpecify the name, the men.(hall refidence, occupation, and description of fuch recruit.	1

enter^Cn	XXX. And be it further enabled. That every man provided

Mentotake an<* un<^cr *hi» aft, to ferve in fuch additional force (hall the following take the following oath; that is to fay.

the agent-general for the army of referve, according to which the recruits (hall be appropriated.

Oath.

, T A.B. do make oath, That to the belt of my knowledge and | JL belief I am	years of age, was born in the

parifh of	in or near to the.town of

in the county of	that	I am by trade or occupation

a	that	my	laft	place of refidence was at

in the parifh of	in or near to the town of

in the county of	in	the	character	or	occupation of

that I am no ways difabled by lamenefs, but have the perfeft ufe of my limbs, that 1 am not fubjedt to fits, have no rupture, am no apprentice, nor belong to his Majefty’s other forces, cither of army, navy, or marines; and I do further fincerely promife and fwear, that I will be. faithful and bear true allegiance to his majefty King Getrg$% and that I will faithfully ferve his Majefty in Great Britain and Ireland\ and the iflands of Gusmfey, jerfey, and Alderney, for the defence of the fame, for the period of five years, and further until fix months after the termination of any war in which this kingdom may at the expiration of the faid period be engaged, by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, unlefs I (hall be fooner difeharged. As witnefs my hand, this . day of

By whom the Which oath may be adminiftered in like manner, and by fuch and thc famc perfons as any oath may be adminiftered to any 1111	*	men raifed under the faid recited a& of the laft feffion of par-

liamem, or to any men enlifted in any of his Majefty’s regular ^	forces	j

iSc4-] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66.	273

forces; and every fuch man (hall be attefted in like manner, Men to be and by fuch perfons as any man maybe attefted for his Ma-jed/s regular forces, fo far as fuch atteftation or any certificates f©rcciT1*1 relating thereto, can be made to apply to the fervice of any man in (he additional force under this aft.

XXXI. And be it further cnafted, That it (hall be lawful HU Majefty for his Majefty, from time to time, to caufe the private men heretofore railed, or that (hall hereafter be raifed to ferve in fuch addiiional force, to be formed into additional or referved bat-after raifed, tdions, ro be attached (where circumfiances will admit of the to be formed fame) to any regiments or battalions of his Majefty** regular forces, bearing the name of the county or ftewartry, counties or ™ be attich-ftewartries, in which fuch additional force (hall have been ed to batta-nileJ, or intp feparate battalions not attached to any other regi- Hons of the ment or battalion : provided always, that in any cafe in which	.

the men fo raifed to ferve for any county or ftewartry, or any ftpaJate bat-proportion thereof, cannot conveniently be attached tu any fuch tafions not fo battalion bearing the name of any fuch county or ftewartry, attached, &c. counties or ftewartries, it (hall be lawful for his Majefty to attach the fame fe para tel y, or with any other men raifed in any

proper.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted, That none of the (aid Mennotcora-men, to be raifed by virtue of this aft (hall-be compellable or j*liable to compelled, on any pretence * hatfoever, to ferve out of the Slr^UUmita. United Kingdom, and the iflands of Guernsey, Jerj}y9 and

Mkrney^ unlefs they (flail freely and voluntarily enlift in any of lii» Majefty** forces for general fervice, and (hall have been for that purpofe previoufly and duly discharged from their fervice in the additional force to be raifed by virtue of (his aft.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful His Majefty for his Majefty to appoint fuch officers and non-commiffioned

c5cers to command and difcipline fuch regiments, battalions, „0n\*0mmif-or corps, as his Majefty (hail think fit; and every fuch officer, fioned officers, and every non-commiflioned officer and drummer in any fuch who, as well as regiment, battalion, or corps, and every fuch private man, from *hc the time of his being fworn as aforefaid, and during file the mutiny ° for which fuch.furce (hail remain embodied, as well as the laws, additional force to be raifed by virtue of this aft, (hail be fub-ject to all the provifions, rules, regulations, pains, and penaltes, as well pains of death as orhers, as are or may be contained in any aft of parliament tben in force for punching mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and any articles of war'made in purfuance theieof; and all the provifions, powers, authorities, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as well pains of dea*h as others, contained in every fuch aft and articles of war, (hall be in force with refpeft to the additional force to be raifed by virtue of this aft, and fhall extend to all officers, non-com mi llioned officers, diummers, and private men of the fame, in all cafes whatever.

Vot. XLV.

T

XXXIV. Provided

274 Anno regni quadragclimo quarto Gborgii III. c. 66. [1804.

Term for XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That menflisdf	no Port the force to be raifed or maintained under this act

remain em* (fuch men only as (hall have enlifted for general fervice ex-bodied. fceptcd) (hall remain embodied for more than fix months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, unlefs in purluance of any a£i or a&$ of parliament which may be hereafter paff;d for that purpofe.

ncraftofencl XXXV. And be it further enabled. That at the expiration totheolerk	refpedtive	periods,	within	which	any man may be found

of (imply and provided by the heritors of any parifh or parifhes in any certificates of fubdivifion, or their agents, or any perfon appointed by them deficiencies for that pUrp0fCj or as foon after as the farnc can be done, the

and the corn ’ infpe&or-general of the army of referve, or his deputy, (hall miffioneni tranfmit, from time to time after the receipt of the certificates (hall aflefa the mentioned in this afl, to the clerk of fupply of the county or penalty, &c. ftewartry within which fuch parifh or fubdivifion (hall be fituated, certificates of the deficiencies and vacancies that remain to be filled up in the refpe&ive counties or ftewartries; and the faid commiflioners of fupply (hall, within two months after rhe receipt of each fuch certificate, make an afTefl'ment upon each parifh or fubdivifion, from which any deficiency or vacancy ought to have been fupplied, for the penalty of twenty pounds for each man which ought to have been io fupplied by fuch parifh or fubdivifion, in the manner in which fuch commit-fioners of fupply are directed to make afleffments for the relief of families of millia-men, by an a£t pafled in the lad feffion of parliament, to be applied towards raifing men for fuch additional force: provided always, that if at any time afrer any fuch penalty (hall have been afTefifed and paid as aforefaid, and before fuch notice (hall have been given of a recruit having been, raifed as aforefaid, a man (hall be found and provided by the heritors of fuch parifh, or their agents, or any perfon appointed by them as aforefaid, to fupply the deficiency, in refpedt of which fuch penalty was ailefied and paid, then and in fuch cafe the amount of fuch penalty (ball, under the order of the fecretary at war, be be applied towards the payment or difeharge of any other fine or fines, penalty or penalties, due or to become due from fuch - parifh or united parifhes.

Recovery of XXXVI. And be it further enafled, That all fines, and alfo fines. Sec. all arrears of fines, and all moieties of fines, paid or to be paid under any a&s relating to the militia, or fuch additional force as aforefaid, and remaining in the hands of any perfon or perfons whatfoever, and alfo all monies remaining in the hands of any clerics of fubdivifion-meetings, or any other perfons whatfoever, arifing from any. half part or refidue of any fums of money paid by or on account of any perfon ballotted to ferve in the militia, or fuch additional force as aforefaid, for the engaging of any fubftitute or volunteer to be enrolled in his (lead, and not fubfcquently paid over to the perfons entitled to receive the fame, purfuan: to the dire&ions of the atfs relating thereto, (hall be debts to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceiTors, and may be recovered as

1804*] Annoregni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66.	275

fuch, or in manner direded by this ad, and (hall be paid over

by fuch collector or colledors refpedively, to the order of the

fecretary at war, for the benefit of fuch perfon or perfons as may	1

be jurtly entitled to the fame.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded, That all fuch half Application of

parts or refidues of any fuch fums of moneyas aforefaid, re- refi<,ue ,of . maining in the hands of any clerks of fubdivifion-meetings, or	*

of any other perfon or perfons whatever, arifing out of any cicrks of fub-monies paid by or on account of any perfon ballotted to ferve in *iivifion-mcet-the militia, or the additional force Taifed by the faid recited adin5s>

of the lad fefiion of parliament, for the engaging of any fub-ftitute or volunteer to be enrolled in his dead, and not fub-fequently paid over to the perfon entitled thereto, (hall, in all cafes in which the perfon fo entitled thereto (hall have been difcharged as unfit for fervice, or have dcferted, go and belong to the parifh or place for which fuch man (hall have been enrolled to ferve, and (hall; by the order of the fecretary at war* be applied in payment of fo much of the fine or fines, penalty or penalties, a defied upon fuch parifh or place; and all fuch fums of money, and alfo all fums of money arifing from any moieties of any fines or penalties that (hall, after the expiration of twenty-one days after the palling of this ad, remain in the hands of any other perfon or perfons under the faid recited ads,

(hall go and be applied towards the payment of any afieflments under this ad, and the furplus, if any, (hall be carried to the account of the faid afiefiments thereafter to be made.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaded, That in every cafe in Mode ofre-which any fuch afieflments as aforefaid fhall not be made by fuch commiflioners of fupply', purfuant to the provifions of this ad, not by and in every cafe in which any colledor (hall negled, omit, or commiflioners refufe to levy and account for any fums fo afleffrd, within of fupply $ twenty-one days after the date of fuch afleflment; and alfo in™viedor0t every cafe in which any fuch clerks of fubdivifion-meetings, or aCcountcd for other perfons whatfoever, having in their hands any fuch by collectors; moieties of fines, or half parts or refidues of fuch fums of monies not money as aforefaid, (hall not, within twenty-one days after ^ubJivifion-the palling of this ad, pay the fame to fuch colledors as afore- meetings, &cl faid, it (hall be lawful for his Majefty’s court of exchequer in

Scotland, and the faid court is hereby authorifed, on the application of his Majefty’s advocate for Scotland, by motion to the faid court in a fummary way, to hear and determine on the matter of fuch application; and if, on notice of fuch application to the clerk of fupply, or to the clerk of fubdivifion-meetings, or other perfons, in relation to whom fuch application (hall have been made, as the cafe may require, no fufficient caufe is (hewn for fuch default, negled, or omifiion as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the faid court of exchequer to fine any fuch com-miflioners of fupply, colledor, or clerk of fubdivifion-meetings, or other perfon as aforefaid refpedively, in any fum not exceeding double the amount of the fum that ought to have been aflefied, or paid or levied, or accounted for, as the cafe may be,

,	t	2	2nd

IF meeting* are not held within the period herein Vrcfcribed, fpecial meef-inus may be hoi Jen.

Powers of former afts extended to thiej

but not to the

giving any allowances to toe wives or fami.it6 of mvn railed after p tiling this aft.

Aft may be

altered or rroealed iisia It/Bon.

and tocaufe the fame to be levied by difttingas, or other procefs applicable to the nature of the cafe,' according to the rules and praftire of fuch court.

XXXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if through the negleft or miftakc of any lieutenant or deputy-lieutenants, or of any clerk of any general meeting, or otner officer or perfon, or from any other caufe, any meeting required to be held for any of the purpofes of this aft, (hall not be held within the period ‘herein preferihed, a fpecial meeting may and (hall be forthwith fummoned and holden, for the purpofes for which any fuch meeting ought to have been holden purfuant to this aft, asfoon after inch period as may be; and if any aft, ma ter, or thing, by this aft required to be done at any meeting as aforefml, (jiall not be performed at fuch meeting, it (hall be lawful for the perfons refpeftively authorifed and required to do any luch aft, matter, or thing, to cany the fame into execution at any fub equent meeting; and all fuch meetings fo fummoned as aferefaid, ?nd all acts, matters, and things refpeftively, which (hall be done and performed at any fuch meetings as aforefaid, (ball be a« good, valid, and effeftuid, to all intents and purpefes, as if fuch meetings had been fun> moned, and fuch afts, matters, and things, had been done purfuant to the direftions of this aft.

XL. And be it further enafted, That all the powers, provisoes, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties, claufes, matters, and things, contained in the fa d aft of the forty-fecond vear of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or in t^e afts of the laft fclfion of parliament, for raifing and a(T mbiing an. additional military force in Scotland, (hall, in fo tar as the fame are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, or ctl.er and different provilior.s made in relation to fuch additional force, or the additional force under this aft, be applied and praftifed for the purpofes of this aft, and as to* the additional force required by this aft, in as fu:l and ample a manner as if the faid powers, provifoes, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties, claufcs, matters and things, were again repeated and enafted in this aft.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That none of the provifions or Claufes in the Lid afts, or any or either of them, contained, (ball extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the authorifing, allowing, or giving any allowances or fums of money, or provifion for the Wives or families of any men raifed for the additional force under this 3&'after the paifirg thereof.

XLII. And be it further enafted, That this aft may be altered, varied or repealed, by any aft or afts to be palTed in this feffion of parliament.

SCHEDULES

18>4.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66. 277

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

Schedule [A.]

ACCOUNT of Infpeaor-General of ARMY of RESERVE for	of

Men received - - 500	Quota - - 65c
Di (charged as unfit - 60	Effcflives who are
	now ferving, or
	who have eniified
Dead - - 20	for General Ser-
	vice - 390
Deferted - - - 3°	
— IIO	260
0	•

G.A. Infpe&or-General of Army' of Refcrve,

F. B. Deputy Infpeaor-General of Army of Rcfttve.

278 AnnoregniquadragcfimoquartoGEOROiiIII.c.66. [1804.

Schedule [B.]

SUBDIVISION of	in	the

County of

Pari flies, or		Names of Men.		Date  e	Penalties and Fincfc paid.
Places.	Principals.	Subititutes.	Volunteers.	or  Enrolment.	
St. Giles	Sam1 Jones -			April 2.	
- - -	Tho* Smith -				
St.Cuthbert	Edwd Smith • Will* Grey -	John Nalh -	John Merks -	*	
Totals -					

(Signed) A. B. Clerk to Subdivifion-Meetings. '

1S04.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c.66.	279

» Schedule [C-]

RETURN of Clerk of General Meetings of Lieutenancy of the County of

Quota of County

650.

Snbdivifion of Av Quota 18

Subdivifion of B, Quota 14.

Subdivifion of C. QmoU 3*.

Parifh of C. zo.

Parifh of £. 5.

Parifh of F. **•

Men raifed and enrolled

A.B.

C.D.

E.F.

G.H.

IK.

L.M.

Dif-

charged

Dead.

Deferted.

Men railed and enrolled

X

Parifli of D. 8.

Dif-charfed.

Dead.

Deferted.

IB. C. D. E.F. G.H.

lien raifed and enrolled.

Parifh of

X

Dif-

charged.

Dead.

Deferted

J.'B.

1

Clerk to General Meetings.

Schedule [D.]

CERTIFICATE of the Deputy-Lieutenants of the of

T—							*	*  Total Quota of the of 500							
Subdivifion of B. Quota 74.							
PARISHES.	Quotas.	Men railed auc enrolled.	I  Di (charged	Dead.	Defcrted.	Deficiency.	Men enliilf'li* AiiU).
A.  B.  C.							■
Totals' -							
• Subdivifion of E. Quota s*.							
PARISHES.	Quotas.	Men raifed and enrolled.	Difcb*rged	Dead.	Defcrted.	Deficiency.	Men entitledui Army.
A.  B.  a							
Totals -			•				

(Signed)	A.B.	j	DeputyvLieutenaDts.

Lieutenant,

N. B. Where new Appointments have been made* the new Quotas muft be fpecificd, becaufe Deficiencies arifmg from Vacancies will be altered in conference.

i$04.] Annoregni quadragcfimo quarto Georgix III# c. 66.

Schedule [E.]

LliT of Subdivlfions, Parifhes and Places, in the Order in which Men are to be recruited for the Year 1805, or (as tht cafe may be.)

1	Suhdivifion of Z).	
1. County of C.	3. Subdivifion of M.	4. Subdivifion of /*•
1. Parifli of E.	l. Parifli of P.	x. Parilh of
2. - - of	2. - - - ^	2.  3.
3. - - of G.	3- - - - F.	4-
4. - of H.	4. - - - M.	5- 	
2. County of M*  Parifli of L.  -	- of  -	- of	s- - - - M  6.	- - - P.  7.	- - - S.  8.	- - - T.  9.	- - - F. 10.	5.	Subdivifion of  1.	Parifli of  2.  3-  4*  5*  6.

Afccrtained by Ballot, at General Meeting of ihe Lieutenancy of the above County, held at	on	the *

Day of	180

Signed,	A\ B.

Clerk of the Meetings.

Schedule [F.J * NOTICE.

THE Heritors of the parifli of A\ or their agents, or the perfim appointed by them for that purpofe, purfuant to an adl pa (Ted in the forty-fourth year of the reign of his prefenr Majcfty, intituled, [here fat forth the title if this acl\ are hereby required to provide and produce	men	to	lupply	t.ie

deficiency or vacancy which this parifli is bound to fupply to the additional force railed purfuant to the faid adh

(Signed, as the cafe may be)	A\ /?. Lieutenant, or

C.D. Vice-Lieutenant; or

E F 1

G H \ Deputy-Lieutenants.

282. Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. q. 67. [1804.

C A P. LXVII.

An aft for granting to his Maje/iy, until the twenty-fifth day 0) March one tbovjand eight hundred and fivey certain duties on tbt importation of the goods, wares, and merchandize, herein mentioned, into Ireland, and alfo certain duties of cxcife onfpirits, malt, ani tobacco, in Ireland; and for the increafe of certain tublick rt* venues in Ireland, by making the fame payable in Britiu currency —[July 10, 1804.]

Mod gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjefls, the com* mons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament aflembled, towards railing the fupplies granted to your Majefty, and for the fupport of your Majefty’s govern* ment, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it maybe enafled; and be it enadied by the King’s mod excellent on* The addition-jedy, by and with the advice and confirm of the lords fpiritui drawbacks041 anc* temPoraL and commons, in this prefent parliament a(^ foecified in femblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after Schedule (A. J the paffing ot this aft, and during the continuance of this ad, fhnllbe paid there Shall be raifed, levied, colleded, and paid, unto and for and allowed. tjlc 0f his Majedy, his heirs and fuccedors, in ready money (except as herein-after is provided), without any difeount whatever, upon the importation of the feveral goods, wares, 2nd merchandize, mentioned and fet forth in the Schedule here-1 •	unto annexed, marked (A.), imported into Ireland\ the fcvenl j

duties inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in figures in the fad fchedule; and that there (hall alio be paid or allowed the feverd drawbacks in refpeeft of the faid duties as the fame are alfo «• fpe&ivcly inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in figures in tiie faid fchedule marked (A.), in addition to the duties and drawback!

'	payable in Ireland upon the importation and exportation of fuck

goods, wares, and merchandize, under or by virtue of an ad or ads of parliament in force in Ireland at the time of the paffinj of this ad.

Sx per cent. II. And be it further enabled, That, from and after the t^a.m?unt palling of this ad, and during the continuance of this ad, j to be pnyable there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for j ®n goods	the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, a duty of fit |

(except	pounds upon every one hundred pounds of the amount of the j

&c.)imporred duties which (hall be payable on all goods, wares, and mer*1 byriierAaikr chandize (except fug3r, and except goods the growth, produd, I thereof. or manufacture of Great Britain), imported into Ireland by any j perfon being a retailer or confumer of fuch goods, wares, and merchandize, over and above the full amount of all other payable thereon refpeCUvely.

On therm- III. And be it further enabled. That, from and after the port41 ion of piling of this ad, there fhall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and tea lato ire-	unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccdflbrs,

^	'	for

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii HI c. 67i	283

for and upon the importation of tea into Ireland, the feveral and land, the fol-rcfpediveduties following; (that is to fay),	'

Ofall tea which (hall have been purchafed at any Tale of the Tea-Jutie*. Edit-India company in London, for iefs than two (hillings and ixpence Britijhper pound weight avoirdupois, a duty of fifty-one pounds fourteen (hillings, for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof, according to fuch price:

And of all tea which (hall have been purchafed at any fale of the Eajl-India company in London, for two (hillings and fixpence^

Britijb per pound weight avoirdupois, or upwards, a duty of lighty-four pounds fourteen (hillings for every one hundred

(Kinds of the value thereof, according to fuch price, in lieu and !1 fatisfaftion of all fubfidies, duties, and cuftoms payable on fte importation thereof into Ireland, by virtue of any ait or ails io force in Ireland:

And that on exportation of fuch tea, the following drawbacks or liiowances (hall be made in lieu of former drawbacks or allow-ttcesj (that is to fay),

In refpeft of the faid duty of fifty-one pounds fourteen (hil- Drawbacks fogs, a drawback of forty-eight pounds four (hillings:	oa

And in refpeft of the (aid duty of eighty-four pounds fourteen Stillings, a drawback of eighty-one pounds four (hillings.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral and refpec- Duties to be live duties by this aft granted on the importation into Ireland of payable < n Ac goods, wares, and merchandize in this ail or the faid fche- g°oj8 *ot dule marked (A.) mentioned, (hall be charged and payable on all goods, wares, and merchandize which (hall not have been before the entered on or before the palling of this a61, or on which the piling of this duties due and payable on the importation thereof (hall not have keen paid, notwithftanding fuch goods, wares, and merchandize uiav have been imported into Ireland before the paffing of this A

V.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the and al To on duties mentioned and fet forth in the faid fchedule marked (A.) 8°°d» m (hall be charged and payable on all fuch of the goods, wares,	t	to

and merchandize therein mentioned, as, having been imported ^ny into Inland, (hall have been or (ball be warehoufed, and (hall remain at the time of the paffing of this all in the warehoufes in purfuance or by authority of any aft or afts of parliament in force for that purpofe, although fuch goods, wares, or merchandize may have been imported before the palling of this aft: provided always, that fuch duties (hall not be charged or payable on any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, until the duties which fuch goods, wares, and merchandize (hall have been fobjeft to before the palling of this aft (hall be payable.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That there (hall be raifed The following levied, cdlefted, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majelly, *Xcifcduties his heirs and (ucceffurs, for and upon all wines which, at or after to be pait' on

the

284 Anno regni quadragefioio quarto Georgii III, c. 67. [1804.

wines »n the the patting of this ad, (hall have been or (ball be in the (tores or warehoufcs, or in the cuftody, power* or pofleffion of any importer of, or dealer in, or feller or retailer of wine in b eland, and which (hall have paid the duties payable on the importation thereof under or by virtue of any ad or ads in force in Ireland at the pitting of this ad, the refpedive additional duties of excife following; (that is to fay7,

po(T Hi on of intpoitcrs or Oral. rt.

Duties*

Brown or

MuiC'Jvado fbgrar to be charged with an addition!I duty of %s. 8d. per cwt.

The addition-. ai rx ife du-t*es fpecifitd in fchcdule (H ) on .'pints and tobicco made* in Ireland to be paid*

Additional duty on malt •s. 5//. per barrel.

For and upon each and every tun of French wine, the fum of eleven pounds nineteen (hillings and one penny;

For and upon each and every tun of Madeira wine, the fum of nine pounds feventeen (hillings and nine-pence:

For and upon each and every tun of Rhenijh wine and wind of Germany and Hungary, the fum of twenty-two pounds nine (hillings and four-pence:

For and upon each and every tun of Portugal wines and Spanijh white wines, nine pounds nineteen (hillings and eight-pence:

For and upon each and every tun of Spani/h red wines and Canary wine, and all other wines of the dominion of Spain, and the wines of Naples and Sicily, the futn of ttateen pounds nineteen (hillings and eight-pence:

And for and upon each and every tun of any other fort of wines, not orherwife enumerated, the fum of twenty-four pounds fifteen (hillings and (ixpence; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch wines refpedively.

- VII. And be it further ena&ed. That there (hall be raifri, levied, colledled, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majeftv, his heirs and fuccettors, an additional duty of two (billings and eisht-pence for and upon every hundred weight of brown cr Mufcovado fugar, which, at or after the time of tbepaflingcf this act, (hall have been or (hall be in the Acres or warehojfes I of any importer of fugar in Ireland, and which (hall have been charged with the duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any adl or adls in force immediately before the paffing of this a£t.

VIII.	And be it further enadled, That, from and after the patting of this a&, and during the continuance of this adt, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccettors, upon all fpirits made or dittilled in Ireland, and upon all tobacco manufadtured in Ireland, the additional duties of excife inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in figures in the ichedule or table marked (B.), over and above all other duties of excife whatever payable in Ireland thereon, by virtue of any adt or adts in force in Ireland at the time of the patting of this adh

IX.	And be it further enadfed. That, from and after the patting of this adt, and during the continuance of this aSt, there (hall be raided, levied, colledhd, and paid, unto and fortbeufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccettors, for and upon every

barrel

1S04.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgu III. c. 67.	285

barrel of malt, ground or unground, which (hall be made in Inland of barley, or any other corn or grain, whether the fame {all be or (hall not be for fair, an additional duty of one .tilling 2nd five-pence, over and above all duties payable thereon under or by virtue of any aft or aft» in force in belong which duty (hall be paid by the mahftcr or maker pf fuch nia!t.

X.	And be it further enafted, That there (hall be raifed, ,w kr ed, collected, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty,

|h heirs and fucceflfors, an additions! duty of one (hilling and 0id <{u> > ]i ,l>le

live-pence for and upon every batrel of malt which (hall have to the new.

|cenorfhall be in the pofieflion of any perfon in Ireland at or

after the pa/Ting of this aft, and which dial! have been charged

pc! argcable with the duty payable thereon under or by virtue

if any aft or afts in force in Ireland immediately before the

piling of this aft.

i XL And be it further enafted. That there (hall be paid to	^

tierjr perfon who (hall export ftrong beer or ale from Ireland Ki,* expert;.-' [except to Great Britain), a drawback or allowance of fix fhil- tion of ttroug fogs and eleven-pence farthing, for every thirty-two gallons ofbtcr. kh ftrong beer or ale, in lieu of all former drawbacks or allow-aces thereon.

Xil. And be it further enafted. That there (ball be raifed, Jj® f tried, collefted, and paid unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, filler* or lis heirs and fucceflors, an additional duty of (ixpence for and ictaUers to be ipon every gallon of aqua vitae, ftrong waters, or fpirits made charged with >r Milled in Ireland, from malt, corn, or grain, or from melafles *n ^j**^1** irfugar, or any other material which, at or after the palling of p^r gallon, iisad, (hall have been or (hall be in the ftock, cuftody, or pof-fclDoaof any diftiller, reftifier, or retailer of or dealer in fpirits inlfiktid, and which fpirits (hall have been charged or charge-iWe with the duty payable thereon, under or by virtue of any idoncUin force in Ireland immediately before the palling of Lis act

XHL And be it further enafted, That, from and after the Duties and apirarion of ten days after the paifing of this aft, all duties	io

rhatfoever payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbr , Bririth cur-iiher by this or any former or other aft or afts, as excife or rcncy. aftoms, or under any.other name or defeription w hatever, by <rtueof any aft or afts in force in Ireland, and all drawbacks wor in refpeft of fuch duties, (hall be paid and payable in Bri-$ currency; that is to fay, for every (hillirg to which the laid utics (hall amount, there (hall be paid the Turn of thirteen-uc% arid fo in proportion for any greater or JefTer fum, fo as lat the faid duties ftiall be increafcd thereby after the rare of ght and one-third per centum in amount; and that in all cafes 'here any duties or drawbacks on the importation or exportation f goods, wares, or merchandize, into or from Ireland, are by \w direfted to be ascertained, not by the tale, weight, gauge* or Kafure, but by the value thereof, fuch value, as well as the ite of duty thereon, (hall be taken in Britijb cuirency, any vv, ufage, or culiom to the contrary notwitktiajadir.g, (except Exceptions.

the

*86 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gsoium III. c. 67. [1804*

the duties payable on the importation of goods of the growth, product, or manufacture of Great Britain, and all drawbacks in jefp<& thereof; and except the duties on the exportation of goods of the growth, product, or manufa&ure of Irelands to Great Britain; and except duties on the importation of raw or thrown filk, or (orei^n fair, into Ireland, and all drawbacks in refpecfc thereof; and except the duties on coaches and chaifes, on fire-hearths, on male fervants, and on dwelling-houfcs sc-cording to the number of windows or lights; and except inland duties of excife on leather and leather manuta&ures; glafs bottles ; vellum, parchment, and paper of all forts, plain, printed, flained, or coloured; and fweets; and alfo except quit crown compofition and port corn, and other rents; and the rates and duties on letters and packers fent by the poll in Ireland): provided always, that no drawback whatever (hall be paid in Britik currency, unlefs the duty which is to be drawn back (hall hare been likewife paid in the fame currency.

XIV.	And whereas it is expedient, purfuant to the provifions tf the aits for the union of Great Britain and Ireland, that, in rapid of the additional duties hereby impofid on articles of the growth produce, or minufufture {/'Ireland, or on the materials of which m may be compofed, additional countervailing duties Jbould be charged the goods, wares, and merchandize, articles, matters, and tbi,vt mentioned, dejeribed, and fit forth in ibe table or Jchedule htrvstw annexed marked (C>), being the growth, produce, or manufaftutt tf Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, Juffcicnt tt countervail the faid additional duties in Ireland; be it therefore The counter- further ena&ed, That, from and after the paflxng of this ad, fwcifi^d'in** r*'cre	charged	on	the goods, ware?, and incrchandiic,

frhedulc (C.) ar”cles, matters, and things, mentioned, fet forth, and deferibed (hall be	in the table or fchedulc marked (C.), the feveral countervailing

chargeable,	duties therein in figures refpedlively inferted, deferibed, and ki

forth, in lieu, and full fatisfa&ion of all countervailing duns whatever, payable on fuch goods, wares, and merchandize articles, matters, and things, under or by virtue of any aft or ails of parliament in force in Ireland at the time of thepaffingof this aft; and that upon the exportation of any article of W denomination, being of the growth, product, or manufacture cf Ireland to Gnat Britain, there (hall be allowed and given 1 drawback equal in amount to the countervailing duty on the like article in the faid fchedulc, in lieu of and full fatisfaflion oi all drawbacks now allowed by law on the fame.

X V. And whereas it is expedient, on account of the additional ittj by this aft impofid on raw or Mufcovado fugar imported into Ireland, that an additional bounty or allowance Jhould be paid on the exportotm from lielsfnd of all refined fugar manufactured from fugar on th importation whereof the duties impofid by this aft Jhall have ban dull Additional paid; be ir therefore enafted, That there (hall be paid and do intV° kf aH°wc<1 on the exportation from belandof any fuch refined fugar, f xo'rt \:ion*ot’ 2n additional bounty, to be calculated at and after the rate cf reined iugar. twenty two puunds ten (hillings for every one huadied pounds '	in

1804.3	Anno rcgni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. 287

in money, on the produce end amount of whatever bounty may be due and payable on any fuch refined fugar refpc&ively by any ad or ads of parliament in force in Ireland at the time of the exportation thereof, over and above the additional bounty on itch fugar granted by an a61 of the prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft fir charging, until the twertiy-fifth day of March 44 Geo. $• w thmftmd eight hundred and Jive, certain rates and duties, and fir c* diewing certain bounties and drawbacks upon goods, wares, and mr-|chandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and alfo for charging certain inland duties of excife and taxes in Ireland, in lieu of firmer rates, duties, and taxes, bounties, and drawbacks: provided .always, that the additional bounty by this a£t granted (hall not be (jpid or allowed on any refined fugar, unlefs it (hall appear that 'jk additional duty hereby impofed was paid on the raw fugar ■Iron which the fame was produced.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That in lieu and inftead of Drawback* to

all former drawbacks on fpirits diftilled in Ireland, and exported	011

.(except to Great Britain), every perfon who (hall, from and ta£**45

after the paffing of this atf, export fpirits diftiiled in Ireland to (except to •ciy place (except to Great Britain) (hall be entitled to and (ball Great Bri-ittceivefor every gallon of fuch fpirits as and for a drawback oftain>^

^he whole duty of excife, as well that on fpirits as on malt, paid jfororin refpe& of the faid fpirits, the feveraland refpe&ive fums following; that is to fay, of fuch fpirits as (hall be pf a ftrength iqual to Britijb hydrometer proof, the fum of three (hillings and nine-pence halfpenny*, and of fuch fpirits as (hall be of a ftrength BOtlcfs than a ftrength equal to five degrees, or ter) per centumf over Britijb hydrometer proof, the fum of four (hillings and Eve-pence half-penny; and of fuch fpirits as fhall be of a ftrength not kfs than a ftrength equal to ten degrees, or twemy per cen-over Britijb hydrometer proof, the fum of five (hillings and one-penny three farthings; and that if the fpirits fo to be exported (hall be of a greater ftrength than ten degrees, or twenty fir centum, over Britijb hydrometer proof, there (hall be paid for every degree which the faid fyiriis Hull exceed the ftrength before mentioned, a further drawback after the rate of two pounds for every one hundred pounds on the amount of fuch drawback of five (hillings and one-penny three farthings, and fo is proportion for a greater or lefs quantity.

XVII.	And whereas it is deemed expedient to change the mode of

t&tfting the revenue arifing from licences for the fale of fpirituous liquors in Ireland, by putting the fame under the management of the mmiffmers of Jlamp-duties in Ireland; be it cnadted, That, from From Sept, tt, and after the twenty-eighth day of September one thoufand eight 1804* duties hundred and four, the duties payable under or by virtue of any fJJ.	^

ad or a&s in force in Ireland upon licences to any perfon to feil rto.Vc.*to any kind of fpirituous liquors, wine, ale, or beer, by retail in any ceafe,

city,town, or place in Ireland, (hall ceafe and determine.

XVIII.	And, in order to fecure the duty on every gallon of fpirits made or difl'dled in Ireland, in the foci of evety dijiiller, reftifier, retailer of or dealer in fpirits and of the additional duty on every

barrtl

283 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. [1804.

barrel of malt by this aft herein before feverally impofed\ be it en-

Accountofthe adled, That any officer or officers of excife in Ireland, authoriled

* 1* °n^ri!# or required thereto by the commiffioners of hi* Majefty’s excife, and malt to be ^	„	,	3	c	L * A	J 3	^	t

t^ken by the	and	may take an account of the juft and true quantity ot

excite	officer,	ail fpirits	in the Aock,	caAody, or pofieffion of any difii ler, or

and a	mum	redtifier,	or fadlor, or	retailer of or dealer in fpirits in lrcLnl>

and of all malt, whether ground or unground, in the pofieffion StkT C any Per^on >n Ireland, at or after the paffing of this adt, and of a!) fpirits and malt in the pofteflion of any fuch diftilier, rectifier, retailer, dealer, or other perfons, after that or any fub-fequent day on which the faid additional duties refpedlively ikll not have	been charged,	in fuch manner as fuch officer or officers

is or are	now required	by law to take an account of any fpirits

or inah, and (ball make a return or report in writing to the colledlor of the diftrict in which fuch perfon (hall re fide, or in which his or her malt-houfe or (lores (hall be fituated, of thejuil and true quantity of all fuch fpirits and malt, and of the hid duties payable thereon, over and above the duty theretofore payable thereon; and fuch return or report (hall be a charge oa every fuch perfon refpedlively.

Duties on XiX. And be it fmther enabled, That all diftillers, redifiers, fuch fpirits retailers, fa&ors, dealers, or other perfons charged with the tad paid whhinthe ment^ncd additional duties on fpirits and malt, (hall, within one month from the time they (hall be charged therewith, pay to rhe colledlor of the diftrid all fuch duties as (hail be due from them refpectively for or on account of fuch fpirits or malr, un-lefs fuch fpirits or malt (hall be fooner removed, in which cafe the faid additions! duties (hall be paid for all fuch fpirits or malt before the fame (hall be removed, and before any permit for removing or conveying the'fame (hall be granted: provided always, that if any fuch chaige on any one perfon (hall amour,t to the fum of two hundred pounds, it (bail be lawful for hs AJ.1 jetty's commiffioners of excite, with the approbation of the Commiffioners or his Majeily’s creafury, to take fecurity for the payment thereof, in fuch manner and payable at fuch time or times as (hail be expreiied in fuch approbation, not exceeding fix months.

XX. And be it further enabled. That all fuch perfons fo having fpirits or malt in their pofieffion, who (hall nor pay, within the time afotefaid, or, in cafe of fecurity being given, within the time or times fpecitied, the duty charged on all fuch fpirits or malt, or (hall remove any fuch fpirits or malt without having paid or cleared (he faid additional duties refpc&ively, or in whofe (lock-account kept by any officer of excife there (hall appear to have been any dccreafe of fuch fpirits or malt without permit, (hall forfeit the amount of rhe duty chargeable on fuch fpirits or malt; and if fuch perfon (hall not have given fecurity, he or 0>c (hall forfeit alfo the fum of fiftv pounds for each offence. XXL And be it further enacled. That all wines, which, be-portert brforr forc the parting of this act, (hall have neen imported, the duties

thuTcV Jn°f Pa)able upon the import of which (hali not have been duly paid i *	and

time nerun mentioned.

Penalty for default in paymtnr of fuch duties, Ac.

WinCim-

t8o4-1 Anno regni quadragcfimoquarto Geo&gii III. c. 67. 279

and difcharged, (hall be confidered as wines remaining in his which the Majcfty’s (lores or warehoufes at the palling of this ad, and (hall	have

be charged accordingly; and the proprietor thereof (hall be fub- been paid, to jeft to the additional duties on the importation thereof men* be charged tioned, contained, and fet forth in the fchedule or table hereunto with the addi-annexed, marked (A.), over and above all former duties payabletional duty# on the fame,

XXII. And, for afeertaining tie Jiock of all foreign wines belong- . is* to all merchant importers of faftors and dealers in, or fellers or Tttailirs of foreign wines, and of all brown or Mufcovaclo fugars in the Jiock ofany importer of fugar in Ireland, dt or after the pajjing of this aft9 and for fecuring the additional duties by this aft impofed . therm, be it further enaded, That every fuch importer of. Importer* and dealer in, feller or retailer of foreign wines, and every importer d*alcri ,n‘ of fugar in Ireland, who (hall refpedively have any fuch wine or barters of fugar refpedively in his, her, or their pofieflion, in any ware- fugar, to deli* houfe, ftore-room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, or in the ver anaccount cuftody or pofieflion of any other perfon for his, her, or their trie, (hall, within three days after the thirty-firft day of July one of excife of the thoufand eight hundred and four, deliver, at the office of the diltridt, in the colleflor of excife of the diftrid in which fuch wine or fugar mannerherein refpedively (hall have been on the day of the paffing of this ad, mentioned, or any other day between-that day and the faid thirty-firft day of 7«^inclufivc, a juft, true, and particular account m writing of the quantity of all the foreign wine, and of all the brown or Mulcovado fugar refpedively, which, on the day of the paffing of this ad, or on any day between that day and the faid thirty* firft day of July inclulive, (hall have fp been in the cuftody or pofieflion ot fuch dealer in, or feller or retailer of foreign wine, or importer of fugar refpedively, in every fuch warehoufe or other place, or in the cuftody or pofieflion of any perfon for his or her ufe, deferibing the places in which the fame (hall refpec-tively be, and the fituation thereof, and diftinguifliing fuch foreign wines from each other, according to the true denomination thereof, as the fame are herein-before deferibed, and alfo diftinguifliing whether fuch wines are white or red; and all wines in bottles (hall be accounted for according to the number of bottles, without exprefiing the number of gallons of wine contained in fuch bottles, but eftimating the number of fuch gallons in the whole by a fair calculation made on the adual content of . any given number of fuch bottles indifferently chofen; and every fuch importer of or dealer in, or feller or retailer of foreign wine, and every fuch importer of fugar refpedively, (hall make oath, or, if a quaker, a folgmn affirmation, before any chief commif-fioner or fub-commiffioner of excife, that fuch account is a true, juft, and perfed account of all fuch wines and fugars refpec-tively as aforefaid, which oath or affirmation any fuch com-miffioncr or fub-commiffioner is hereby authorifed to adminifter; and every fuch importer, dealer, feller, retailer, or other perfon. Penalty for who (ball negled to deliver or caufe to be delivered fuch account default within the time afordaid, and to make fuch oath or affirmation,

V01, XLV.	U	ot

2So Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. [1804.

or who (hall deliver or caufe to be delivered any falfc or untrue account) (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds; and all fuch foreign wine and fugars refpedtivcly, of which fuch account (hall not be delivered, or of which any falfe or untrue account (hall be delivered, (hall alfo be forfeited, together with the calks, bottles, jars, veflels, hogfheads, and pattages containing the fame refpedtively, and (hall and may be ferzed by any officer or officers of his Majefty's revenue in Ireland*

Officers of	XXIII. And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be

ente?theay	f°r y officer or officers of excife, as foon after the paff-

premifes of *ng °f z& as conveniently may be, to enter into all or any wine-dealers of the warehoufes, ftorehoufes, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, and and importers other places of any fuch importer of, or dealer in, or feller of fate uact f°rc‘gn wine, whether by wholefale or retail, and into any place count of flock, where any wine belonging to any importer of, dealer in, or feller or retailer of wine (hall be, and, by tatting, gauging, or other-wife, to take an account of the quality and quantity of all wine then and there found in the cuftody of or belonging to any fuch importer, dealer, feller, or retailer, in any calk, or in any veffel, except bottles, and alfo to take an account of all fuch wine which (hall be then and there found in bottles, in any other manner than by tatting the fame, or by uncorking or opening the bottles! containing fuch wine, unlefs with the confent of the proprietor, for the purpofe of afeertaining the number of gallons therein in manner afore-mentioned; and in cafe of refufal of fuch confent, each bottle (hall be deemed to contain the quantity which its common denomination of pint, quart, two quarts, and fo forth, imports; and in like manner it (hall and may be lawful for anj officer or officers of excife to enter into all or any of the ware-houfes, ftorehoufes, rooms, or other* places of any importer of fugars, and to take an account of all brown or Mufcovado fugars, and the quantity thereof, then and there found in the cuftody of or belonging to any fuch importer; and if any officer officers.108 or °®ccrs °f excife (hall not, on demand made by him or them at any fuch warehoufe, ftorehoufe, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, be admitted therein, or (hall not be fuffered to take an account of all wines and fugars refpe&ively in manner afore-laid, or if fuch importer, dealer, feller, retailer, or perfon having the cuftody or pofleffion of fuch wines, or fuch importers ot fugars, (hall negle& or refufe to (hew or caufe to be (hewn to " fuch officer all the wines and fugars refpe&ively in every iuc.i warehoufe or other place refpedlively, fuch perfon refpettivel;, into or at whofe warehoufe or other place fuch officer (hall nut be admitted, or (hall not be fuffered to take fuch accounts re-fpedkively, and every fuch perfon who (hall refufe or ncgled t$ (hew or caufe to be (hewn to fuch officer all fuch wines or fugars as aforefaid refpedtively, (hall for every fuch offence or default refpeftively forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

In cafe of dif- XXIV. And be it further enarfted. That in cafe of any dif-may ta*CCTi Pute ^etween the °fficer of excife and any fuch importer of, or foroplea of dealer, or feller of foreign wine, as to the nature or fpecies d —^ &c.	;	aty

1804J Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. 281

any particular wine, and the country of which it is the growth or manufacture, it (hall and may be lawful for any officer of excife, and every fuch- officer is hereby authorifed and empowered to take, at any time or times, a fample or famples, not exceeding one quart, of any fuch foreign wine, whether in bottles or in calks, or in any other veflel or veflels, paying for the lame wine the ufual price thereof; and if fuch officer or officers (hall not be permitted to take, fuch fample or famples as aforefaid, upon his offering to pay for the fame after the rate aforefaid, or (hall in any wife be obftru&ed or hindered by any perfon or perfons whatever in taking fuch fample or famples, the importer of or dealer in, or feller or retailer of fuch wine, or other perfon in whofe cuftody fuch wine (hall be, (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That all and every fuch Officen tak-officer and officers of excife who (hall take fuch account of

fuch wines and fugars refpe&iv^ly, (hall infert therein the fug^ to in-amount of duties hereby charged and payable thereon ; and the fert therein fums charged in fuch account mall be a charge on fuch importer the amount of, dealer in, or feller or retailer of wine, or other perfon or ^ch^all perfons, and on fuch importer of fugar refpedively, who (hall ^ charged pay the (aid duty accordingly, in cafe fuch return or report (ball accordingly, contain a greater quantity of wines or fugar refpediively than (hall be refpe&ively comprifed in the refpe&ive accounts hereinbefore direded to be returned by the parties refpe&ively to whom fuch wine or fugar (hall belong, otherwife the account given by fuch parties (hall be a charge on him or her, and he or (he(hall pay the faid duty accordingly; and where no fuch account (hall have been returned by fuch importer or other perfon, the return made by the officer under this ad (hall be a conclufive charge on fuch importer or other perfon.

XXVI.	And be it further ena&ed. That every perfon charge-Duty on fu-able with the faid additional duties on fugar (hall, within three £ar calendar months after the faid thirty-firft day of July, pay t°accrtain pe-** the collector of excife the (aid duties m refpedt of all fuch fugars r’10d, p * ' as aforefaid in his or her pofleflion, or in the pofleflion of any

other perfon or perfons for his or her ufe as aforefaid 5 and in default of payment thereof at the time aforefaid, every fuch perfon fo chargeable as aforefaid (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and double the amount of the duty for which he (hall be fo chargeable as aforefaid.

XXVII.	And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may Bond to be be lawful for any fuch importer, dealer, or other perfon charge- ^nt of duty" able with the faid additional duties on wines in refpeft of fuch on ^ y wines in his or her flock or pofleflion, to give fecurity .by bond flock.

to his Majefty, with two fufficient fureties,'to be approved of by the colle&or of the diftrift in which fuch importer or other perfon refides, which bond fuch colle&or is hereby authorifed to take for his Majefty’s ufe in a penalty of not !efs than double the amount of the faid additional duties, conditioned that fuch im«

v 2	porter*

282 Anno regni quadragcfimo quarto Georgii til. c. 67# [1804.

porter, dealer, or other perfon (hall pay the amount of the faid additional duty on or before the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred and five, by fix equal inflalments; the firft of fiich inflalments to be paid on the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and four, the four fuc-ceedmg inflalments on the twenty-firfl day of December, the twenty-fifth day of March, the twenty-fourth day of June, and the twenty-ninth day of September then next enfiling, and the fixth and laft inftalment on or before the faid twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred and five.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted. That if the merchant

No permit

*h»b* importer ot, dealer in, or teller or retailer ot any tucn wines, or tiieremoval of importer of fuch fugar refpedlively, fhall have fold or fhall wine or fugar fcH the fame, or any part thereof, and Ihall be defirous of re-from theftock moving the fame out of his flock before payment of the rcfpcc-the dealer tive additional duties by this a6t impofed, no permit (hall be nuxlutics are grantC(j for the removal thereof, unlefs the faid refpe&ive additional duties, and all duties of cufloms and excife due thereon, (hall have been previoufly paid.

A difcount of XXIX. And be it further ena&ed. That if any perfon who charged with qr be liable tb the faid refpe&ive addi-promptpayw>rli°nal duties, fhall pay the fame or any part thereof before the meat/	expiration	of	the	refpe£tive times when the fame are by this ad

required to be paid, every fuch perfon (hall be allowed, as a difcount for prompt payment, a fum out of fuch duties as he or file (hall fo pay, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum for fach time as any fum (hall be paid by him before the time when the fame is by this adl required to be paid.

Additional XXX. Provided always, and be it enabled, That in all cats feSmbybCwhcre t^lc w^°*e or any Part duties on importation of -e -	^	any goods, wares, or merchandise into Ireland, are permitted to

be fecured by bond, by virtue of any a61 or ads of parliament in force in Ireland at the time of fuch importation, the duties by this adl granted or impofed may, in like manner, and tinder the fame rules, regulations, reftridtions, and conditions, be permitted to be fecured by bond.

XXXI.	Provided alfo, and be it further cna&ed, That no bond that may be taken in purfuance of this act fhall be chargeable with any of the duties upon (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithflanding.

XXXII.	Provided alfo, and be it enadled, That if any perfon who fhall be charged with the additional duties by this adl im-

___________ pofed upon any wine, fugar, malt, or fpirits, in his or her poffef-

tional duty to fion, fhall have fold or controlled to fell any fuch wide, fugar, buyer before malt, or fpirits to any perfon or perfons, and (hall not have de-delivery. Jivered the fame to the buyer thereof, then and in every fuch cafe the buyer of the faid wine, fugar, malt, or fpirits fhall not be entitled to claim the delivery of fuch wine, fugar, malt, or fpirits, without firft paying the additional duty which fuch teller fhall have been charged with or paid for fuch wine, fugar, malt, or fpirits.

•	XXXIII/

A	I

tond not fuojedt to ftaxnp-duty.

Dealer in wine, Ac. entitled to charge addi-

1804] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. 283

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the price of all Price of teas teas imported into Inland (hall be inferted in the cockets, and

(hall be further ascertained by reference to the fale books of the thc^ockeU,*11 Ea/l-India company, according to the manner heretofore efta- &c.	*

blifbed in Ireland for that purpofe.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted, That all monies arilipg Ihities to be by the additional duties impofed by this ad, (hall be carried to

and made part of the confolidated fund of Ireland.	fund 0f

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That Ireland,

the fees due and payable by law at and immediately before the No greater palling of this ad upon any entry or cocket, inwards or out- *** to ** wards, (hall not be demanded or taken by or for the ufe of any	or

officer of his Majefty’s revenue for any entry or additional entry cocket on neceflary to be made on account of the additional duties impofed account of by this ad, of any of them.	additional

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded, That all the duties,

drawbacks, bounties, and allowances in this aft and the refpedive	to

(chedules hereunto annexed, fpecified, mentioned, and contained, be pajd (ball be paid and payable and received and receivable in Britijh Britflh cur* currency, except as is herein-beforc excepted j and that the faid rcncy> &c. duties, drawbacks, allowances, and bounties, (hall be paid and

received upon the feveral articles and things in this ad and the refpedive fchedules hereunto annexed, fpecified, mentioned, and contained, according to the tale, weight, gauge, mcafure, or value of the faid articles refpedively fpecified, and alfo in proportion upon any greater or lefs number, weight, quantity, meafure, or value of fuch articles, matters, and things re* fpedively.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded, That the feveral duties, Duties and rates, and impofitions hereby granted upon goods, wares, and merchandize imported into Ireland (ex ceps as to frch of the (aid ^ applied, duties as may by law be bonded during fuch time only as fuch

duties (ball not be demandahle), and all penalties and forfeitures in refped thereof, and all inland or excife duties by this a St granted, (hall be raifed, levied, colleded, and paid unto his Majefty, bis heirs and fucceflors, and all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this ad inflided and enaded, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied, and applied, in the fame manner and under fuch powers and authorities, and by fuch ways and methods, and according tp fuch rules and direttions, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as are appointed, dir.eded, and ex prefled for the raif&ng, colleding, levying, paying, and managing of duties payable on goods, wares, .and merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland in and by an ad of parliament made in Ireland in th? fourteenth and fifteenth years of his. late .majefty King Charles the Second, intituled, An all for fettling of the excife or new impojl upon his fofajejly% his heirs and jucceJforsy ac-» cording to thi book of rates therein inferted, and by any other ad or ads in force in Ireland relating to the revenue of cuftoms and excife, or either of them, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were herein cxprelled and enaded,

with

284 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 67. [1804.

with the like remedy of appeal to and for the party or parties aggrieyed as in and by the faid lad-mentioned ad, palled in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his faid late majefty King Charles the Second, or any other ad or ads as . _ .	..	aforefaid	is provided.

no*fill March	XXXVIII- And be it further enaded, that this ad fliall

*5f *805. be and continue in force until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, and no longer; and that this ad may be amended, altered, or repealed by any ad or ads to be made in this prefent feffion of parliament.

Schedule (A,)

A SCHEDULE of the ADDITIONAL DUTIES payable on Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or deferibed, (not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain), and of the Drawbacks to be allowed , on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland,

	Duty.	Drawback.
		£,• J* d.
Snuff, the pound - -	0 0 6i	0 0 6i
Sugar, viz.  —— Mufcovado and Brown, of the Britilh plan-		O  00
tations, the cwt. - -	00  0	
—• Not of the Britifh plantations, except fugars imported by the Eaft-India company, the		
cwt. - - -	0 11 7rc	0 II 7A
- 	Candy Brown, the cwt. -	013 7	O 13' 7 .
■	Candy White, the cwt. -	1 9 3tc	I 9 3ts
	Refined fugar, of any other fort, the cwt.	1 9 3tV	1 9 s
Wine, the tun of 252 gallons, viz.		
— French - - -	11 19 1	11 19 1
- — Madeira - -	9 *7 9	9 17 9
— Portugal and Spanish White wines -	9 19 8	9 19 8
—— Spanish Red Wines, and Canary Wines, and all other wines of the dominions of Spain,		
and the wines of Sicily and Naples -	16 19 8	16 19 8
— Rhenifli, Germany, and Hungary wines -	22 9 4	22 9 4
— n&t otherwife enumerated or deferibed	24 IS 6	24 15 6

Schedule

Schedule (B.)

A SCHEDULE of INLAND DUTIES of Excite for, upon, and in refpe& of the feveral Articles therein mentioned.

duty.

SPIRITS.	£.	s.	i.

For and upon every gallon of aqua vitae, ftrong waters, or fpirits, made or diftilled in Ireland from-malt, or from corn malted or unmalted, to be made by the firft maker or diftiller thereof - o O ai

For and upon every gallon of fpirits made or diftilled from melafies in Ireland, to be paid by the firft maker or diftiller thereof -	-	-	o	o	6^

TOBACCO.

For and upon every pound weight of tobacco, which {hall be manufactured in Ireland in any manner, to be paid by the perfon manufacturing the fame, or taking any part thereof out of the original package, and to be paid for every pound weight contained in fuch package, at the time when the fame ihall be opened -	-004

Schedule (C.)

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES payable on the Importation from Great Britain into Inland or certain Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain.

DUTY.

BEER.	£•	Sm	dm

For and upon every barrel of beer or ale, containing 32 gallons, brewed or made in Great Britain - o 6 III And fo in proportion for any greater or left quantity.

SPIRITS.

For and upon every gallon of fpirits being of the tnanufa&ure of Great Britain -	-	-	O	J	ij

SUGAR refined^ of the manufacture of Great Britain.

For and upon every hundred weight, containing nalbs.

Of all fugars called Baftards, whole or ground, - i 6 6 Lumps , -	-	.	2	9	4{

Single Loaf Sugar -	-	2	13	o

SCHEDULE

286 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Geo&gii III. c. 68* [1804.

SCHEDULE (C.) continued.	duty*

Sugar continued.	£.	s.	d»

.Of all fugars called Powder Loaf and double loaf % 17 oj Sugar Cjindy Brown -	- 2 9 Ai

Sugar Candy White	-	- a 17 o|-

Of all refined fugar of any other forts -	- 2 17

TOPACCO and SNUFF.

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of unmanufactured tobacco of the growth or pro* duce of Great Britain over and above any duty of cuftoms now payable -	-	-	-009

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of Britifh manufactured Short Cut tobacco, or tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the name of Spanifh - - o 1 4^ Britifh manufactured Shag tobacco cut -	-01	2,V

Britifh manufactured Roll tobacco	«-	- o 1	44*

Britifh manufactured Carrot tobacco -	- o I 2**

Of every other fort of Britifh manufactured tobacco

not herein-before enumerated or defcribed	-01

Britifh manufactured Rappee fnuff	-	- o 1	1

Britifh manufactured fnuff called Scotch fnuff -01	8££

Britifh manufactured fnuff called Brown Scotch fnuff -	-	-	-	-01	2 a

Britifh manufactured Stalk Flour	-	*01	745

For and upon every pound weight of every other fort or kind of Britifh manufactured fnuff or fnuff work not herein-before enumerated or defcribed -	*	*	-	* O 1 8f|

CAP. LXVIII.

An Qtl for granting to bis Majejly certain jlamp~dutie$ in Ireland.— [July 10, 1804.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeCts, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Inland, in parliament affembled, towards railing the neceflary fupplies granted to your Majefty, and for the fupport of your Maiefty^s government, do mbft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enaCted; and be it enaCted by the Ring’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-The duties bled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after exprefled in the expiration of ten days after the paffing of this aCt, there fhh du?cxcd	throughout that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland,

ihail belaid bc raifed, levied, collc&cd, and paid, unto his Majefty, his —* ’	heirs

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III, c. 68.	2Sj

heirs and fucceffors, for and upon the fcvcral articles, matters, and things, exprefled in the fchcdule hereunto annexed, the feveral and rcfpc&ive rates, impofitions, duties, charges, and fums of money in the faid fchcdule refpefUvely mentioned and let forth; which faid fchedule fhall be deemed and taken as .part n . of this a St to all intents and purpofes.	tioncd in

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the ex- fchedule on piration of ten days after the palling of this ad, the ftamp- licences for duties now payable in Inland upon any licence to any perfon

toad as a notary publick, and on every letter of attorney cm-gttornCy to powering any perfon to receive rents, fhall ccafe and determine; receive rents# and that in lieu thereof the duties mentioned in the fchedule to be paid hereunto annexed fhall be paid and payable on fuch licences and i"**®** of letters of attorney refpedively.

III.	And be it further enaded, That every copy of any pro- p^iama-clamation, order of council, or ad of ftate, made by the lord- tfonB> &c#* lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for pubHfhed in the time being, or the privy council of Ireland, which fhall be any news-contained or publifhed in any gazette, newfpaper, journal, or

daily accounts, to be publifhed weekly or ofteoer, or in any Dublin O*-other printed paper or pamphlet, difperfed or made publick, zette), to be yearly, monthly, or at any other interval of time, (except the charged with Dublin Gazette,) fhall, from and after the expiration of ten days	0X1

after the paffing of this ad, be confidered as an advertisement, by" and (ball accordingly be charged with and pay the feveral duties 43 Geo. j. impofed on advert’) fements by an ad made in the forty-third c. si. year of his prelent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An oft for granting U bis Mojejiy feveral duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the mmijfmersfor managing the Jlamp-duties in Ireland; any thing in the faid recited ad, or any. other law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And.be it further enaded, That no affidavit, made for^^davit the purpofe of grounding thereon any prefentment of any grand a°pr|fcntmim jury for railing money for repair of roads or for any other 0f a

publick purpofe, fhall be lodged with or received by the fecre- jury, Sec. to tary of any grand jury, nor mall be entered in any fchedule received, delivered to any grand jury, nor (hall any fuch affidavit be de-	*

livered to any grand jury, unlefs fuch affidavit fhall be written “an>^ea* on paper damped with the ftamp required by the fchedule to this ad annexed; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enaded, That, from and immediately Commiffion-after the paffing of this ad, the commiffioners of ftamp-duties*™°^unp# in/r^of for the time being, or any of them, may, under his licences to or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, grant a licence to poftmaftm, any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon in Ireland, who fhall Sec. to let apply for the fame, to let qut horfes for hire, for the purpofe of^?^fcs ** travelling poft, by the mile, or from ftage toftage, and that alP ^

fuch licenced fhall be in force from the dav of granting the fame, or from fuch day fubfequent thereto as mall be mentioned in the laid licence, until the twenty-fifth day of March next

following

Penalty for letting horfes without licences.

So much of recited a& 43 Geo. 3.. c. ix. as

fation to be made in lieu, (hall be repealed.

288 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gsorgii HI. c.68. [1804,

following the day on which the faid licence {hall fo begin td have force, and no longer, in like manner as other licences granted by the commiffioners of ftamp-duties in Inland; and that no perfon (hall, from and after the expiration of ten days) after the palling of this ad, let out any borfe or horfes to bird as aforefaid, without having taken out fuch licence \ and that any perfbn who (hall let out any borfe or horfes to hire as aforefaid, without having obtained fuch licence, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.	j

VT. .And be it further enaded, That fo much of the (aid recited aft, made in the forty-third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, as exempts bank notes and bank poft bills, iffued by the exempts bank governor and company of the bank of Ireland) or by any other notes, &c. bank or bankers in Ireland,, from any of the (aid duties by the duT1 thereby ^ a<^ charged and made payable, and as authorifes any coincide payable, penfation to be made by or received from the faid governor and and author If- * company, or by or from fuch other bank, or banker or bankers, ing compen- for and in lieu of ftamp-duties payable on bank notes and bank poft bills iffued by them, (hall, from and after the expiration of ten days after the palling of this ad, be, and the fame is hereby repealed: provided always* that nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be corrftrued to extend, to charge the faid governor and company, or any other bank, or banker or^bankers in Ireland^ with the payment of any duty for any fuch notes or bills, during the time for which any fuch com penfation (hall have been a&ually and bona fide paid and made before the pafting of this ad.

VII.	And be it further enaded, That the faid commiffioners of ftamp-duties in Ireland (hall caufe feparate and particular (lamps or marks to be provided, to denote the duties payable on bank notes and bhnk poft bills iffued by the governor and corn-notes, and on, pany 0f bank 0f Ireland^ or by any other bank, or banker Ixrtificates:	br bankers in Ireland, and alfo new and particular ft amps or

all iffued after marks to denote the duty by this ad and the fchedule hereunto the time annexed made payable on permits relative to any excifeable or herein men- other goods, and on certificates of fuch permits; and all fuch having the bank notes and bank poll bills, and permits or certificates renew ttamp, to fpedively, as {hall be iffued after one month from the day on be deemed which publick notice (hall be given in the Dublin Gazette by undamped, the faid commiffioners of (lamps, that fuch feparate or new or particular (lamps or marks for the fame are refpedively provided, and (hall be written or printed on any paper or parchment without fuch (lamps or marks, or having any other (lamps or marks than thofe fo provided, for the purpofes aforefaid refpedively, although fuch damps may be of the amount by law required, (hall be of no other effed than if they had been written or printed on paper or parchment not marked or (lamped 3 and all perfons who (hall write or print any fuch bank note, bank poft bill, permit, or certificate, on any paper or parchment, having any other (lamps or marks than thofe fo provided for the purpofe aforefaid, (hall incur and fuficr fuch

penalty

6tamps to be provided to denote the duties payable on bank

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gborqii III. c. 6S.	489

penalty as they would be liable to in cafe fuch bank note, bank port bill, .permit, or certificate refpeflively, had been written or printed on paper or parchment not marked or

ftamped.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral duties hereby Duties to be granted ihall be under the government, care, and management under the

of the commiffioners for the time being appointed to manage

the duties charged upon damped vellum, parchment, and paper, miffioncrtibr

who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and (tamps.

empowered to employ the neceflary officers under them (or that

purpofe, and (in order to denote the feveral duties payable by

virtue of this aft on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper,

whenever they fee occafion) to ufe fuch (lamps as have been

heretofore provided, to denote any former duties on (lamped

vellum, parchment, or paper, (except where by this aft directions

are given for providing other (lamps,) or to caufe new (lamps to

be provided for that purpofe, and to alter or renew the fame, or

any of them, from time to time, and to do all other things

neceflary to be done for putting this aft in execution, with

relation to the feveral duties hereby granted, in the like and as

full and ample.a manner, as they, or the major part of them are

authorifed to put in execution any former law concerning any

duties under their management.

IX.	And be it enafted, That it (hall be lawful for any Ptrfons may perfon or perfons poflefled of, or who (hall be poffefled of, any ||ave old vellum, parchiqjnt, or paper, damped or marked with any c^g^3*{<* ftamp or mark to denote any of the duties now payable by law new, paying 00 ftamped vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which any duty the difference is hereby impofed, greater than the duties now payable thereon, of price, &c. 2t my time to bring fuch vellum, parchment, or paper to the

/aid commiffioners, at their head office in Dublin, who are hereby authorifed and required, upon requeft of fuch perfon or perfons, to order either that fuch vellum, parchment, and paper be ftamped with a duty denoting fuch greater or higher duty, the perfon or perfons requefting the fame paying the difference of price between the faid refpeftive (lamps, or that fuch vellum, parchment, or paper, as (hall be brought for the purpofe by the perfon requefting the fame, to be duly ftamped and marked with damps denoting fuch duties, as the perfon or perfons requefting the fame (hall require in exchange for fuch vellum, parchment, and paper, as (hall be offered for exchange, the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be given paying the difference, if any, between the faid refpeftive (lamps; provided always, that the damps marked on fuch vellum, parchment, and paper, to be offered for exchange, be cancelled,

X.	And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or perfons penalty on' (lull, at any time or times hereafter, counterfeit or forge, or counterfeiting caufe or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any type, mark, darop»>

or ftamp, to refemble any type, mark, or damp already kppt or ufed, or hereafter to be kept or ufed at the head office of the commiflioQers of (lamp-duties ia Dublin, for denoting the charging*

290 Annoregni quadragefimoquartoGsoaon III. c. 68. [1804.

mg, or marking, on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter direfted to be (lamped with any of the duties by this aft charged thereon, or if any perfon or perfons, fare and except fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be lawfully entitled to have and ufe the fame for the purpofe of (lamping vellum, parchment, or paper, in purfuance of this aft, (hall have in his, her, or their pofleffion, any type, die, mark, or damp, to refemble any type, die, mark, or damp already kept or ufed, or hereafter to be kept or ufed at the faid head office for denoting, charging, or marking, on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter direfted to be (lamped, any of the duties by this aft charged 'thereon, or (hall counterfeit, mark, or imprefs, or caufe or pro* cure to be counterfeited, marked, or imprefled, on any vellum, ^	parchment,	or	{taper,	any	mark	or	device, ufed or kept at the

bead office afore faid, for denoting the charging or marking, on vellum, parchment, or paper, or other matter or thing direfted to be (lamped, any of the duties by this aft charged thereon, or lhall utter, vend, or fell, or caufe to be uttered, vended, or fold, or (hall have in his or her pofTeffion, with intent to fell thg fame, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with any counterfeit device, mark, or impreffion thereupon, to refemble any mark or device ufed or kept at the head office aforefaid, for the purpofes afore* faid, knowing fuch device, mark, or impreffion to be counterfeited, then, and in any of the faid cafes, every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof convifted, (hall, for every fuch offence, be adjudged to fuffer, and (hall accordingly fuflfer fuch punifhment by fine, imprifonment, pillory, and other corporal punilhment, or by any or either ot the faid punilhments, as (hall be adjudged bv the court before whom fuch perfon lhall be tried, fuch impri (eminent not to exceed fix months*

XI.	And be it further enafted. That all the duties by this aft granted, and all other duties under the management ot the faid commiffioners of (lamps, (except only fuch of the faid duties as paid^mBritiih are under the fum of (ixpence, or between the fum of fixpence and the fum of one (hilling, and the damp-duties on certificates with refpeft to killing game,) (hall be paid and payable in Britijh Currency, any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithdanding; and that all monies arifing by the feveral duties hereby granted (hall be paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties on damped vellum, parchfrient, or paper, who (hall pay the fame (the neceflary charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the fame, being dedufted) into the receipt of the exchequer of Ireland^ at fuch time and in fuch manner as the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, are by law direfted to and carried to be paid; and all monies fo paid into the faid receipt as aforefaid r (ball be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund of

$££** IM.

Powers of	XII. ^nd lt ena®e<^* That all powers, provifions, rules,

former afts	methods, articles, daufes, penalties, didributions of penalties

relating to and forfeitures, and all other matters and things preferibed by

the

Duties under the commiffioners of (tamps to be

currency (except as herein men* tinned),

A

z 804.] Anno regm quadragelimo quarto Georgii III. c* 68*	291

the laid recited ad paired in the laft feflion of parliament, or by ftarop-dutic* any other a& or ads of parliament in force in Inland, relating |° to the ftgmp-duties on vellum, parchment, or paper, and not10 19 hereby exprefsly altered, (hall be of force and effed with relation to all duties hereby granted, and (hall be applied and put in execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and fecuring the (everal duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been hereby re-ena&ed, with relation to the duties hereby granted.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That the ftamp-duties Duties on

impeded by this ad upon affidavits, and all regulations refpeding affidavits to the fame, (hall take place and be in force from the firft day of	P,ac*

September one thoufand eight hundred and four, and no fooner j	**	K*

any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.	.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That this ad may

varied, altered, or repealed, by any ad to be palled in this pealed this felBoa of parliament.	fcffioa.

SCHEDULE to which this Ad refers.

A SCHEDULE of the (everal DUTIES to be paid on tho fcvcral and refpedive Articles therein fet forth.

For every Ikin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper, on which (hall be engrofled, written, or printed, any of the following articles, or any part thereof, the refpedive duties following $ videlicet,

£. x. d.

Any letter of attorney, empowering any perfon to

receive rents -	-	-	-	-	1	10	O

Any affidavit made in purfuance of any law for amending or repairing publick roads, or made before the truftees of any turnpike relative to the roads or tolls of fuch turnpike, or made for the purpofe of grounding thereon any prefentment of any grand jury, or tor railing money for repair of roads or any other publick purpofe, or for accounting for any publick money, or difeharging queries on prefentments -	-	-	-	-020

Any permit granted by any officer of his Majefty’s revenue, or any diftributor of (lamps or other person duly authorifed to grant the fame, relative to any exciieable or other goods, and alfo any certificate of any fuch permit required by law.

If the duties on the goods permitted thereby

amount to the fum of live pounds or lefs -002

,	If

*9& Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. [1804.

&	'• *

If the duties amount to more than five pounds

and not exceeding ten pounds -	-	-003

If to more than ten pounds and not exceeding

fifteen pounds -	-	-	-	-006

If to more than fifteen pounds -	-	-010

Any licence to any poftmafter, innkeeper, or other perfon in Inland, who (hall let to hire any horfe for the purpofe of travelling poft by the mile or from flage to ftage -	-	-	-	-100

Any licence to any perfon to a St as a notary publick 200 Any licence to any perfon to fell any kind of fpiri-tuous liquors by retail in the places following; videlicet,

In the city of Dublin or within the Circular Road furrounding the faid city, and within the diftridt of the metropolis -	-	-	-	-33	00

Beyond the faid Circular Road and wall of his Ma-jefty's park the Phoenix% not more than two miles diftant therefrom -	*	-	-	-	22	0	0

In every other place within the diftridt of the excife office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and . wall of his Majefty’s park the Phoenix, not diftant more than five miles therefrom -	-	16	10	0

Within the city of Cork and all places furrounded

by the faid city -	-	-	-	-33	0	0

And within the reft of the county of the faid city 22 0 0 Within the city of Waterford and all places fur-

rounded by the faid city	-	-	-	- 33 0	0

And within the reft of the county of the faid city 22 0 0 In the city of Limerick, including that part thereof called Saint Francis’s Abbey, and all places fur-rounded by the faid city	-	-	-	- 33 0	c

And within the reft of the county of the faid city 22 0 0 Within the cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and within the towns of BelfoJlj Newry,

Galway, Dundalk, Drogheda, and Qonmell - 16 10 0 Within all other cities, corporate towns, market-towns where markets are ufually held, and within one mile of the town-houfe, market-houfe, or principal market-place -	-	11	0	0

In any other part of Inland than thofe parts before

defcribed -	-	-	-	-	-	6	12	0

Any licence to any perfon to fell fpirits in any place in Ireland^ in quantities not lefs than two gallons, the like duty as is payable in fnch place on a licence to fell fpirituous liquors by retail.

CAP.

1804.] Anno regoi quadragefimo quarto Gsoftcu III. c.69. 293 CAP. LXIX.

Jn aCt to amend the laws for regulating the Unen manufacture of

Ireland,—fJ«ly 10, 2804.]	»

WHEREAS by the feveral laws for regulating the linen and hempen manufacture in Ireland, the trujlees thereof are empowered to appoint one infpeClor-gtneral to go from time to time through the various parts of Ireland, or to appoint one fuch infpedor-general to go through the various parts of the province of Ulfter, one other to go through the other three provinces; and alfo to appoint, in tofe they Jball judge it expedient, two perfons jointly to execute the office of fuch infpeftor-genergl: and whereas, in purfuance thereof they have appointed two perfons to execute the office of infpeQor-general for the province of Ulfter, and two other perfons to execute the office of infpeCl or-general for the other three provincees \ but they have lately deemed it urmeceffary to have two infpefiors-generalfor thefrovince <?/Ulfter; and it is neceffary and expedient) for the better execution of the trufl repofed in the faid trujlees, that the infpeClion of the linen and hempen manufacture in Ireland Jhould be new arrangea: may it therefore, pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled j and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, -and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if the faid truftees (hall think fit to Truftees may appoint one infpe&or-general to go from time to time through appoint prr-the various parts of Ireland, it (hall and may be lawful to and tors^eneral"" for the faid truftees to appoint pne other perfon to be provincial 0t liifm. infpe&or-gencral for the province of Ul/ler, and one other for the province of Connaught, and one other for the provinces of Ltinfier and Munfler, during their will and pleafure \ and every provincial infpedor fo appointed (hall perform the duties, and have all and Angular the powers and authorities, and be* fubjeft to all the rules and regulations preferibed by law for an infpedtor-general, and (hall likewife carry into execution, within his province or diftridt, all orders refpedting the faid manufa&ure which (hall from time to time be given to him by the infpedtor-general, and fhall from time to time make fuch inquiries and returns, refpeding the faid manufacture, and the execution of his office, as (hall be defired by the faid infpe&or-general j and the perfon fo appointed infpedtor-general (hall perform the duties, and have all and Angular the powers and authorities, and be fubje& to all the regulations preferibed by law for an in-fpe&or-general.

II.	Provided always. That no further or additional expence No additional (hall be incurred by the faid truftees, cither by increafe of falary, expencc to be or otherwife, for fuch infpe&or-general of all Ireland\ than they are enabled by law to incur for the firft infpedtor-general of the gjneraf, °rS" provinces of Leinjler, Munfler, and Connaught; nor any further5 or additional expence for the provincial infpector of Connaught,

than

*94 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gbor<gii III. c. 69. [1804.

than they are enabled by law to incur for the (econd infpe&or-gdneral of the faid three provinces; nor any further or additional expence for the provincial infpe&or of Ulfler* than they are by law enabled to incur for the firft infpe£fcor-general of Ulfler \ nor any further or additional expence for the provincial infpeSor of Leinfter and Munfter, than they are enabled by law to incur for the fecond infpe&or-general of Ulfler; fo as that the whole ex* pences to be incurred for the infpeftor-general of Inland* and three provincial infpe&ors as aforefaid, fhall not exceed in any one year the expences now allowed by law to be incurred for the two infpedors-general for Ulfler* and the two infpedors-general for Leinfler* Munfter* and Connaught5 and that all infpedtors-general, and provincial infpe&ors, to be appointed from t<me to time purfuant to this aft, (hall be appointed in like manner, and under the like rules, regulations, and reftric-tions, as any infpe&or-general may now by law be appointed.

III.	And whereas it would tend to raife the credit* and extend the file of the linen manufacture of.Ireland, if a more fpeedy and fatis-faftory redrefs were given to the purebafers of Irilh linens* fir damages occafioned by bad bleaching* or fraudulent or negligent Uppers* or fed-mafters: and whereas Irifli linens fent to Great Britain may not be dijeovered or fufpeCted to be damaged* or fraudulently bleached\ or lapped* until after their arrival there* and fucb linens cannot be fent to Dublin to be examined without much lofs and delay: and whereas no redrefs can be given under the ptefent laws* by the truftees of \the linen manufacture of Ireland, for fuch damages* nor can any pumjb-ment be inflicted by them on any fealmafter* or tapper* tn refpeCt of the fame* ntuefi fucb linen fhall he examined there; be it therefore Regulations cnafted. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid preventing truftees, or any twelve or more of them, aflembled at the linen bleaching.*	*n c*ly Dublin* to empower their agents in London*

•* by writing under their hands, to receive any complaints which fhall be made there againft any lapper, or fealmafter, in Ireland\ for fraudulent, unfound, damaged, or unmerchantable linens; and the faid agent (hall immediately tranfmit to the fecretary of the faid truftees a copy of each and every fuch complaint fo by him received, fetting forth the number or pieces complained of* and an account of the marks and feais on each piece, and fuch fecretary fhall enter the fame in a book to be kept for that pur-pofe, and (hall caufe notice thereof to be forthwith ferved personally upon each lapper, or fealmafter, whofe mark or name fhall be ftated in fuch complaint to be upon fuch piece or pieces of linen, either at the houfe in the city of Dublin* appointed by fuch fealmafter, or lapper, for the purpofe of receiving notices of complaints, or, in failure of fuch appointment, upon the in-fpefior, in whofe diftrid the parifh in which fuch fealmafter or lapper (hall refide, or be deferibed in his appointment to refide, fhall be fituate, to be by him pofted up in fome confpicuous place in fuch pari(h; and in every fuch notice a day, not fooner than twenty days nor later than forty days from the day of fuch

notice

A

x8o4*] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69.	305

notice being ferved, (hall be fpecified, whereon the complaint therein fet forth (hall be heard before the agent of the (aid truftees in the city of London.

IV.	And be it further enadled, That proof of the fcrvice of Agent to fum-every fuch notice, verified upon oath, fetting forth a copy thereof, ^°°tTto*«-deferibing the nature of fuch fervice, (hall be fent without delay amiae linen, by the faid fecretary to the faid agent, who fhall forthwith defire

the attendance of fuch number of merchants, drapers, bleachers, or other perfons, (killed in the linen manufacture, as he (hall think proper, fuch number not being more than five nor lefs than three of the city of London, on the day fo appointed in fuch notice for the hearing of the complaint, and to examine each piece of linen complained of, and give their opinion upon oath (which oath any of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county, city, or place where fuch examination (hall take place, is hereby empowered to adminifter) as to the ftate and quality of fuch linen, and whether the fealmafter, or lapper, has adted improperly, negligently, or fraudulently, in damping or fealing fuch linen; and the opinion of fuch perfons fo fworn, or the majority of them, delivered in writing, and figned by the perfons giving fuch opinion, (hall be tranfmitted by fuch agent to the laid truftees, and (hall be and be deemed and taken to be con-clufive evidence to the faid truftees, of the (late and quality of the linen fo complained of, and of the condudl of the lapper, or fealmafter, in.refpcdt thereof, except hi cafes of appeal made in manner herein-after mentioned; and the faid truftees (hall thereupon proceed to determine the faid complaint according to fuch opinion,, by difmiffing the fame, or fining the fealmafter, or Upper, in fuch Turn or Turns not exceeding the fum or Turns allowed by law, as they the faid truftees (hall think proper for his puniftiment, and for or towards recompenfing the party injured.

V.	Provided always, That fuch perfons fo called upon to give Perfonscalled their opinion as aforefaid, may, if thereunto required by the faid uP°n to give agent, declare likewife upon oath (which oath any one of

Majeftj’s juftices of the peace as aforefaid is hereby empowered jelled, to adminifter) their opinion of the amount of the damages fuf-tained by or occafioned to the complainant, by means of the bad ftate of the linen, or the mifconduct of the fealmafter or lapper; and that it (hall and may be lawful for either of the parties complained of or complaining, to ohjeCt to any perfon called upon to give his opinion, and if it (hall appear to fuch agent upon oath (which oath any fucU juftice of the peace as aforefaid is hereby empowered to adminifter) that fuch perfon is particularly interefted for either party, or concerned in the linens complained of, be (hall be fet afide, and another called on in his room.

VI.	Provided always, That no complaint as aforefaid fhall be Complaints received or proceeded upon under this a61, on account of any n(^j linens damaged by mildew (not being infide mildew) unlefs^months, fuch complaint (hall be made within fix calendar months after

Vol. XLV.	X	fuch

306 Anno regni quadrageficno quarto Georgii III. 0.69. [1804.

fuch linen (hall have arrived at the place of landing in Great Britain.

^C’eved a*"	VII. And be it further ena<9ed, That if any perfon fo cora-

^pead. may pla*ned of under the provifions of this a£t, (hall think himfclf or herfelf aggrieved by the opinion fo given of the ft ate and quality of the linen, and the conduct of the fealmafter, or lapper, in refpe& thereof, it (hall be lawful for fuch perfon to lodge an appeal againft fuch opinion with the fecretary of the faid truf-tees, upon his or her hr ft giving fecurity, to the faid truftees in double the amount of all fines or penalties, to which fuch perfon may be liable in refpeCi thereof, for payment of the fame, together with all damages and expences which (hall attend the removal of the linen, fo complained of and examined, to Dublin^ and the lofs by delay, or otherwife, which (hall appear to accrue to the complainant, in cafe fuch opinion fo appealed from (ball be confirmed ; and the faid truftees (hall forthwith proceed to hear the faid complaint in the fame manner as if it had been originally made to them, at any time not fooner than twenty days after the receiving fuch appeal, due notice being firft given to the complainant of the time fo appointed, and on fuch bearing, the opinion fo appealed from fhall be laid by the faid truftees before fuch perfons as (hall be fworn to examine into the faid complaint; and all opinions given under the authority of this ad (hall be regularly filed and preferved by the faid truftees, and be open to the infpe&ion of every perfon and perfons defirous of feeing the fame*

VIII. rfrul whereas by an ady paffid in that fart of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in the third year of his pre/ent Majtjif j 3Geo.3. c.34. reigny intituled, An ad for the better regulation of the linen i and hempen manufactures, it is enade'd, that every perfon leepini or occupying d bleach-yard/kail mark or Jiampy or caufe to be marled ! or /lamped, in legible letters with lamp-black, or Vermillion, or Jim j blue and fixe* his or her chriftian name and furname and place ef abode, with the addition of the word Bleacher, on each end of ever] piece of cloth by him or her bleached or whitened, before be or /be fall fell or expofe the fame to Jale, or deliver it to the owner thereof Bleachers to	furiher	enaded,	That	it	fhall and may be lawful for the

thei?name? ^ tru^ccsJ or any twelve or more of them, afferabled at the See, the word Linen-Hall in the city of Dublin, to require and order, if they * Muriatic ’ (hall think fit (by writing under their hands) every bleacher to where nurrr- mark or ft am pin like manner, clofe after or under his name bj ufed than gn(j pjacc aj)0(je> or tjje word bleacher, the word Muriatic, on each end of every piece of cloth, in the bleaching or whitening of which muriatic acid, or muriate of lime, fhall have been ufed : provided always, that notice of a meeting of the truftees for taking into conftderation the making of fuch order, fhall be publi(hed regularly, during the courfe of one month previous to their meeting, in fome one of the Dublin Dc*f-papers.

Penalty on IX. And be it further enabled. That if any bleacher (hall, ** after tbe tijne prefer]bed in fu^U requifition or ordcr'for marking

A

1804.] Annoregniquadragefimoquarto GeorciiIII. c. 70/71. 307

or /lamping the faid word Muriatic> omit or neeleft to comply therewith, he or (he (hall forfeit the fum of nve pounds for every piece of linen, in the bleaching whereof he or (he (hall have ufed muriatic aid, or muriate of lime, and (hall not have marked or ftamped the word Muriatic, as hereby enadled. .

X. And be it further enadted. That all fines and penalties ^^rcco-01* by this ad impofed, may be railed. levied, and recovered in tercd, liks manner as any fine or penalty or the like amount is, by any law or ftatute in force and effect refpeding the linen maiiu*

Mure, directed to be railed, levied and recovered.

CAP. LXX.

An ad to enable his Majcfty to authorife the exportation of the machinery neceflary for ertding a mint in the dominions of the King of Denmark.—[July 10, 1804.]

CAP. LXXL

An aft 10 prevent the counterfeiting offilver coin iflued by thi governor and company of the bank 4/England, called Dollars, and fiher coin which may he iflued by the governor and company of the hank of Ireland called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any counterfeit dollars or tokens.—[July 10, 1804.]

WHEREAS the governor and company of the bank England* have* for the convenience of the public lately caufed to bo ained or fiamped^ and circulated, a large quantity of filver dollarr, mtaining on the obverfe fide thereof an imprejfton of bis Majefiys W, and the following words and Utters, videlicet. u Georgius ///..

Dei Gratia Rex ” and on the reverfe fide thereof the imprejfton of Britannia, and the following words and figures, videlicet, 44 Five Shillings Dollar Bank of England 1804: 99 and whereas the governor end company of the bank of Ireland are preparing and intend to ijfue for the convenience of the publicin that part of the United Kingdom colled Ireland, a quantity of fiver coin denominated Tokens, containing on the obverfe fide thereof the fame imprefjion^ words y and letters as the faid dollars, and on the reverfe fide thereof the im-prejfm of Hibernia, and the following words and figures, 44 Bank of Ireland Token 1804 Six Shillings:99 and whereas for the fecurity of the publick it is expedient to prevent the counterfeiting of the faid re-Jpellive coins5 be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by. and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That ifP^onscoun* any perfon or perfons (hall, from and after the paffing of this fa^or?okena ad, make, coin, or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be made,gUjity 0f fe-coined, or counterfeited, or willingly aft or affift in the making, lony, and may coining, or Counterfeiting, any coin refembling or made with he tranfported, intent to refcmble or look like the faid dollars, lo as aforefaid iflued by the (aid governor and company of the bank of England^ at the (aid tokens fo as aforefaid intended to be coined or

x a	ftamped

308 Anno regnl'quadragefimo quarto Geo&gii III. c. 7f. (18041

ftamped and iflued by the faid governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or to pafs as fuch, every perfon fo offending and being thereof convidled by due courfe of law (hall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and (hall be tranf-ported for any term of years not exceeding feven years, ftrfons bring-1 H. And jt furthef enafted. That if any perfon or perfons jfingdon* * rtiall, from and after the-pafling of this adl, bring into the faid counterfeit United Kingdom any fuch falfe or counterfeit dollar or dollars, dollars or to- token or tokens, as aforefaid, refembling or made with intent to kens guilty of refemble or look like the dollars fo as aforefaid coined or may'be^tranf- ^amPec^ and circulated by the faid governor and company of ported for	the bank of England, or the faid tokens fo as aforefaid intended

(even years	to be coined of (lamped and iffued by the faid governor and

company of the bank of Ireland, or to pafs as fuch dollars or tokens refpe&ively, knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeited, to the intent to utter the fame within the faid United Kingdom, or within any dominions of the fame, every perfon fo offending, and being thereof conyi&ed by due courfe of lav, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and (hall be tranfported for any term of years not exceeding feven years. Perfons utter- Hf. And be jt further cnadled, That if any perfon or per-

co^inLrfdt S ^ons fr°m an<* a^ter l^c Pa®nS °f this a<^> utter or tender dollars or	ln payment, or give in exchange, or pay or put off to any per-

tokens to he	fon or perfons any fuch falfe or counterfeit dollar or dollars,

/ punitlied in token or tokens, as aforefaid, refembling or made with intent to

ttentioned^111 ^em^e or l°!Ph like dollars as aforefaid coined or ftamped and circulated by the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or the faid tokens fo as aforefaid intended to be coined or ftamped and iflued by the faid governor and company of the bank of Irelandy or to pafs as fuch dollars or tokens refpetfively, knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeited, every perfon fo offending, and being thereof convitfed „ ‘ by due courfe of law, (hall fuffer fix months imprifonment, and find fureties for his or her good behaviour for fix months more,

‘ to be computed from the end of the faid firft fix months; and .if the fame perfon (hall afterwards be convifted a fecond time for the like offence of uttering or tendering in payment, or giving in exchange, or paying or putting off any fuch falfe or v Counterfeit dollar or dollars, token or tokens as aforefaid, knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeit, fuch perfon (hall for fuch fecond offence fuffer two years imprifonment, and find fureties for his or her good behaviour for two years more, to be computed from the end of the faid firft two years; and if . *" ’	the fame perfons (hall afterwards offend a third time in utter-

ing or tendering in payment, or giving in exchange, or paying or putting off any fuch falfe or counterfeited dollar or dollars, token or tokens as aforefaid, knowing the fame to be falfe or counterfeited, and (hall by due courfe of law be convi&ed of fuch third offence, he ot (he (hall be adjudged to be guilty of felony, and (hail be tranfported for the term of fourteen years.

IV.	And

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 71. 309

IV.	And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or perfons I f perfons con-

(hall be convicted of uttering or tendering in payment any	bc

fuch falfe or counterfeit dollar or dollars, token or tokens, as uttcHng in aforefaid, and (hall afterwards be guilty of the like offence in another

any other county, city, diftrid, or place, the clerk of the aflize or county, the clerk of the peace for the county, city, diftrid, or place where	a

fuch former convidion (hall have been had, (hall, at the requeft certificate of of the profecutor, or any other on hi« Majefty’s behalf, certify the their fiift con-fame by a tranfeript in few words, containing the effed and victlon. tenor of fuch convidion, for which certificate two (hillings and fixpence, and no more, (hall be paid ; and fuch certificate being produced in court (hall be fufficient proof of fuch former conviction.

V.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or per-Penalty on fons (hall have in his, her, or their cuftody, without lawful perfons having excufe (the proof whereof (hall lie upon the party accufcd), tain'mmil^cr any greater number than five of fuch falfe or counterfeit dollars of count* ifeit or tokens as aforefaid, or rcfcmbling or made with intent to dollars or refemble or lock like the faid dollars fo as aforefaid coined or tokl;n8. hi their * (lamped and circulated by the f id governor and company of cfllou*

the bank of England, or the faid tokens fo intended to be coined or (lamped and circulated by the faid governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or to pals as fuch, every fuch perfon, .being thereof convidled upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnelTes, before one of his Majefty’s juftices of the pence, fliall forfeit and lofe all fuch falie and countcifeit dollars and tokens, which (hall be cut in pieces and deilroyed by order of fuch juftice ; and every offender fo convidled as aforefaid (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay any fum of money not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings, for every fuch falfe or counterfeit dollar or token refpeilively which fhall be found in the cuftody of fuch perfon, one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifh where fuch offence (hall be committed; and in cafe any fuch penalty (hall not be forthwith paid, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice to commit the perfon who (hall be adjudged to pay the fame to the common gaol or houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of three calendar months, of until fuch penalty fhall be paid.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be Sufjx&ed lawful to and for any one juftice of the peace, on complaint {£r![on® made before him upon (he oath of one credible witnefs, that hcndeU.C" there is juft caufe to fufped that any one or more perfon or

perfons is or are or hath or have been concerned in making or counterfeiting any fuch falfe or counterfeit dollars, token or tokens, as aforefaid, lefembling or made with an intent to re-? fcmble or look like the dollars fo as aforefaid coined or (lamped and circulated by the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or the token fo as aforefaid intended to be coined or (lamped and circulated by the faid governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or to pafs as fuch, by warrant under the hand of fuch juftice, to caufe the dweliing-houfe, room, work* ,

$IQ

Proceedings not to be quaftied for want of form, fee.

Limitation of j&iona.

Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georg!! III. c. 71. [1804.

(hop, outhoufe, or other building, yard, garden, or other place belonging to fuch fufpe&ed perfon or perfons, or where anf fuch perfon or perfons (hall be fufpefled to carry on any fuch making or counterfeiting, or to fecrete any fuch dollars or tokens relpe&ively, or the tools or implements for coining or making fuch falfe or counterfeit dollars or tokens, or the materials for making or coining the fame, to be fearthed for the fame; and if any fuch falfe or counterfeit dollar or dollars, token or tokens, or any fuch tools or inftruments, or aoy fuch materials for making or coining any fuch falfe or counterfeit dollars or tokens (hall be found in any place fo fearched, or if any fuch tools, implements, or materials (hall be found in the cuftody or pofleffion of any perfon or perfons whomfoever, not having the fame by fome lawful authority, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons whatfoever difeovering the fame, to feize, and he and they are hereby authorifed and required to feize fuch falfe or counterfeit dollar or dollars, token or tokens, tools, implements, and materials, and carry the fame forthwith to a juftice of the peace of the county, city, diftridt, or place where the fame (hall be feized, who (hall - faufe the fame to be fecured, and produced in evidence againft any perfon or perfons who (hall or may be profecuted for any of the offences aforefaid, in fome court of juftice proper for the determination thereof; and after fuch time as any fuch falfe or counterfeit dollar or dollars, token or tokens, or any fuch tools, implements, or materials, (hall have been produced in evidence as aforefaid, as well fo much and fuch parts thereof as (hall have been fo produced, as every other part thereof fo feized and nqt made ufe of in evidence, (hall forthwith, by order of the court where fuch offender or offenders (hall be tried, or by order of fome juftice of the peace, in cafe there (hall be no fuch trial, be defaced or deftroyed, or otherwife difpetfed of as fuch court or fuch juftice (hall diredt.

VII.	And be it further enabled. That no proceedings to be had, touching the conviction of any offender againft this ad, before any juftice of the peace, (hall be qua(hed for want of form, or be removed by writ of certiorari, or any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejlminjier.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That no aCtion or fuit (hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance or under colour of this ad, until fourteen days notice thereof (hall be firft given in writing to the perfon or perfons againft whom the fame is intended to be brought or commenced ; nor (hall any fuch adion or fuit be brought or commenced after fufticient fatisfa&ion or tender of amends (hatl be made or tendered to the party or parties aggrieved; and every fuch action or fuit (hall be commenced Within three calendar months after the fa& committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be brought in the county, city, or place where the caufe of aftion (hall arife* and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in, fuch action or fuit fo to be

hmuriit

i8o4»] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7*. $i1

brought may plead the genera) ifliie, and give this ad, and the General ilTue.

fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and

that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this

ad; and if it (hall appear to be fo done, or if any fuch a&ion or

fuit (hall be brought or commenced before f6uVreen days’ notice

(hall be given thereof as aforefaid, or after fufficient fatisfadion

or amends was made or tendered as^aforefaid, or after the time

before limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in any

other county or place than as aforefaid, then and in every fucli

cafe the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants ; and if

upon the trial a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defend

dants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfutr, or

or difeontinue his, her, or their action, or if upon demurrer

judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the

defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and Treble colts.

have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or <)cfendants

bath or havd for cofts of fuit in other cafes by law*

CAP. LXXII.

An aft for allowing the fale of certain Eaft-India prize-goods in the port 0/* Liverpool.—[July xo, 1804.]

WHEREAS by an aft, pajjedin the lajl feffton of parliament, intituled, An aCl for the relief of the captors at prizes, with refped to the bringing and landing certain prize-goods in Great Britain during hoftilities, 4t is amongfl other things enaftedy that oil goods of the growth, production^ or manufacture of China or the Eaft Indies, taken and condemned as prize, Jhall be ^ublickly expofed U fale in the city of London: and whereas five Eaft-Indla fiAps hinging to the enemy, laden principally with coffee, fugary cocoay and cMon, have been brought into the port of Liverpool and been con* (fanned as lawful prize, and it will be greatly difadvantageous to the forties, if the fale thereof cannot be made in the port of Liverpool: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled: and be it enafled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with (he advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all fugar, coffee, cocoa, and cotton, being of the growth, production, or manufacture of the Eaft IndieSy and brought into the port of Liverpool in any of the five following (hips, namely, V Aimable LucelUy La Ville it Lyons, La feme Jmelie% Die Vrow EJlhery Vrow Anna Cat ha-rlna, and condemned as lawful prize, may be expofed to fale in the port or town of Liverpool, by the captors or their agents, notice of fuch fale being firft given to the proper officers of the cuftoms or excife refpcClively concerned therein; which fugar, coffee, cocoa, and cotton, (hall be fold on fuch conditions, and lhall be fubjeft to fuch duties, reftriCtions, rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as the fame would be liable to if removed to London, according to the provifions and directions in the faid aCt contained, any thing in the (aid a& to the contrary

notwitft-

43 Geo. j.

Sugar, See* of the production of the Eaft Indies, brought in the ihips herein mentioned, condemned as lawful prize, may be ex-poled to fale in Liverpool, fubjeft to the fame conditions as if the goods had been remov< *

31a Annoregiii quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 73, 74. [1804.

notwithftanding: provided always, that all fuch fugar, coffee, and cocoa fo fold, (hall be exported, and (hall not be ufcd or confumed in this kingdom.

CAP. LXXIII.

An a 6t to enable the lord a-comm iffi oners of his Msjefty's treafuty of Great Britain to iflue exchequer* bills on the credit of fuch aids or fupplies as have been or (hall be granted by parliament for the fervice of Great Britain for the year one thoufand eight hundred and four.— [July 10, 1804 ]

The treafury may iflue exchequer* hi Us agreeably to thofe i(Tued under the malt adt of this fefiion, c. 16. to be payable out of the fupplies for 1804, on 14 days' notice in the Gazette, &c. But treafury not roiiTue under this adt exchequer*bills on the credit of 44 Geo. 3. c. 16. And . , c. 17. or on any aids that may be granted next feflion. Exchequer*bills fhall bear an mtereft not exceeding three-pence-halfpenny per cent per diem, &c. No exchequer-bill fo inued to be received in payment of tiie revenue, or at the exchequer until the fame become payable. Bank of England may lend 2,000,000/. on the credit of this adt.

CAP. LXXIV.

An ad for eftablijhing and maintaining a permanent additional fora to be raifed in Ireland, for the defence of the realm, and to provide , for augmenting his Majejlfs regular forces.—[July 14, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a permanent additional force, raifed and to be raifed in Ireland, jhould be ejiablijhcd ad maintained under regular officers, for the defence of the realmy and for augmenting and jupplying bis Majeftfs regular forces \ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted ; and be it enadted by the ICing’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the A permanent authority of the fame, That a permanent additional force often force to be	thou fend men (hall beeftablifhed and maintained in Ireland, and

raifed. fhall he ra^e^ and completed in the manner by this adt diredtedj Quotas underanc* *hat, fr0fn anc* a^ter *he completion of fuch permanent adt 43 Geo. 3. additional force in manner hereinafter diredted, #the quotas c. 85, to regu- diredted to be raifed in the feveral counties of Ireland, under latethequotas anc| by virtue of an adt, patted in the laft fefiion of parliament, under t s act.	fa aft to enable bis Majejly more effectually to raifeand of

femble in Ireland an additional military force for the better defence and fecurity of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous profeiutisn of the wary fhall be and remain the quotas for each of the feveral counties in Ireland, whereby to regulate the quotas or numbers to be from time to time raifed by fuch counties refpedlively -	towards	the	maintaining and fupplying fuch permanent additional

force of ten thoufand men, in the manner diredted by this atf. Men railed II. And be it further enadted, That all men raifed under the aft, to b^alt rec'te<*	^ fefiion of parliament fhall be deemed

of the force anc* ta^en to he part of the additional force under this adt, and under this adt. fhall be maintained, fupplied, and regulated, from and after the patting of this adt, according to the provifions thereof.

III. And

Jl

1804#] Anno regm quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74* 313

HI. And he it further enatfed, That in the fevera! counties in which the full number of men required to be raifed by the ?,cnc!5*JhaJi fuid recited a£, paffed in the laft feflion of parliament, (hall not °C ral*C * Lave been raifed purfuant to the provifions thereof, the number of men that (hall appear to be deficient upon the returns to b? made under this adt by the clerks of general meetings, (hall, on or before the firft day of September one thoufand eight hundred ani four, be raifed in manner diredted by this atf, and to be applied uilder this a<ft towards the faid permanent additional force; and when and fo foon as the adlual number of men deficient in any fuch county (hall have been afeertained under this adl, and certified purfuant to the provifions thereof, if fuch number (hall exceed the number returned deficient by the clerk of the general meetings, then and in fuch cafe the remainder of -fuch deficiency (hall, on or before the faid firft day of September one thoufand eight hundred and four, be raifed in fuch county for fuch additional force, unlefs the full number of men fpecified as the number deficient (hall have been raifed and completed therein before the delivery of the certificate of the deficiencies and vacancies under this adh

IV. And be it further enadled, That the infpedtor-general ofRrturn5to^® the army of referve, or his deputy, in Ireland, (hall, as foon after i™fp/&orfhc the palling of this adt as may be, tranfmit to the clerks of the general of the general meetings for the fevcral counties in Ireland, in which army of the whole number of men required by the faid recited adt ofrek1^*0 the laft feflion of parliament fhall not have been raifed, or in which any deficiencies may remain therein, or in which any va- jngs# cancics may have arifen which have not been fupplied, an account in the form in the fchedule to this a<5t annexed, marked (A.), fpecifying the numbers of men that have been received, and that have been difeharged, or have died or deferred before the lateft period to which fuch account can he ihade up, and the number of effedlive men ferving, and the number that fhall remain deficient of the whole quotas in fuch additional force in fuch refpedfive'counties ; and every fuch clerk of general meetings (hall immediately give notice of the receipt of fuch account to the governor or governors, or, in their abfence, to any three deputy governors of the county to which he (hall belong, who (hall forthwith fummon a fpecial meeting of the governors and deputy governors of fuch county, to meet within any period not exceeding twenty-one days, nor lefs than fourteen days after the receipt of fuch account as aforefaid, and every fuch clerk to the general meetings (hall alfo immediately give notice in writing, of the place and day and hour appointed for fuch meeting, to the faid infpedtor-general or his deputy; and on the requeft of Firft general the infpedtor-general or his deputy, fignified to the clerk-of the roeetmgnnder general meetings, fuch day may be altered by publick notice from a^m the governor or governors, or three deputy governors, to be in-ferted in fome paper printed within the county, or where no paper is fo printed, then in fome paper printed in the city of Dublin, to anydaynot exceeding fourteen days from the firft day fo appointed,

nor

3*4

Infpe&or-gcneral may appoint a f-mntf who ihall attend meetings of deputy governors.

Annoregni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. [1804,

nor lefs than feven days from fuch notice; and the clerk of th< general meetings ihall thereupon forthwith give notice of fud alteration.

V.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful forth faid infpe&or-general or his deputy, with the approbation of thi lord-lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Irelaa for the time being, to appoint in writing one or more prope perfons to attend at each of fuch fpecial meetings, who ihal aflift the governors and deputy governors at fuch meeting during the examination of fuch accounts, and of all other paper relating thereto, or to the railing of any fuch additional force or any deficiencies therein, and in the comparing the fame wid the returns to be made by the clerks of the general meeting! under this ad, and for the purpofe of giving any fuch infor-.mation on the behalf of theinfpcdor-general as may be neceffary; and the infpedor-general aforefaid, or his deputy, {hall, as foot as may be after the pafling of this aft, tranfmit to the refpeftivt clerks of the general meetings the names of the perfons fc appointed by him for the purpofe aforefaid, and of their places ol rchdence.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That the clerks of the feveral fubdivifion-meetings in fuch counties {hall, immediately after the pafling of this ad, make out, for the ufe of the clerks of the general meetings of their refpedivc counties, an account in die| form in the fchedule to this ad annexed, marked (B.), of the number of men who have been ballotted or fet down to ferve in fuch additional force as aforefaid, for their relpedive fubdivifions, fince the laft returns made by the deputy-governors ading in and for fuch fubdivilion, or by the faid clerk of the fubdivifiooj meetings, to fuch clerks of the general meetings refpedively, if any fuch returns (hall have been made; and if no ftich returns Ihall have been made, then fince the pafling of the faid recited ad of the laft feffion of parliament, fpecifying in fuch returns the names of the men fo ballotted or fet down to ferve as afore-

j	faid, and the baronies or half baronies within which, and the

parifhes or places for which they have been ballotted or fet down, and which of fuch men are adually ferving or have provided fubftitutes to ferve in fuch additional force, and which of them have paid the penalties by the faid recited ad impofed, for _ not ferving or finding a fubftitute to ferve therein; and if any fuch clerk of any fubdivilion meetings (hall omit or negle# to make fuch return as aforefaid for the fpace of twenty days afer the pafling of this ad, or (hall knowingly or wilfully make any falfe return, fuch clerk (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as any fuch penalty may be recovered under any ad relating to the militia.of Ireland, or under this ad.

Returns to be VII. And be it further enaded. That the clerks of the by »cncrai meetings ih fuch counties refpedively (hall make out, geoeraTmeet- *or	°f ^uch meetings of the governor or governors, and

Saga, of men deputy-governors, returns in the form in the fchedule to this aft

annexed,

Returns to be made by clerks of Ibbdivi lions of men ballotted or fet down under recited ad.

1804J Anno regni quadragcfimo quarto Ghoech IIL c. 74.	375

annexed, marked (C.), and (hall Tpecify in filch -returns the enrolled, and

number and names of the men who have been raifed and enrolled °fdeficten»

in or for their refpe&ive counties, and alfo the baronies or half c

baronies within which, and the divifions, parifiies, and places9

for which fuch men (hall have been fo raifed or fet down and

enrolled, and the number deficient in each of fuch baronies or

half baronies, divifions,' parilhes, or places, as far as the fame

can be afcertained, and (hall alfo fpecify the number and names

of the men difcharged^together with the number and names of

all men certified or known to have deferted or died fince their

enrolment; and (hall refpedHvely tranfmit fuch returns to the

perfons fo appointed in the refpedive counties aod places as

aforefaid, by the faid infpedor-general, or his deputy, five days

it ieaft Wore the days refpeflively appointed for the firft general

meetings of the governor or governors and deputy-governors as

aforefaid, and (hall at the fame time tranfmit duplicates of fuch

returns to the* infpeflor-general aforefaid, or his deputy, and

(hall alfo produce at fuch general meetings as aforefaid corre&

duplicates of fuch returns, together with any other papers,

touchers, and documents, relating to fuch additional force as

aforefaid, as may be requifite to facilitate the inveftigation and

comparison of fuch accounts and returns; and if any fuch clerk Penalty o

(hall omit or negled to make or tranfmit any fuch return or clerks for

duplicate, or to produce any duplicate as aforefaid, or (hall nc&le&» or

knowingly or wilfully make any falfe return, fuch clerk (hall

forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds,

to be recovered as any like penalty may be recovered under any

aft relating to the militia of Ireland, or under this a£h

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for Infuedor’s

any perfon or-pmTons fo appointed by fuch infpe&or-general or	®*T

hit deputy as aforefaid, and every fuch perfon and perfons is and 2wums &c» are hereby authorifeef, at any time after the paffing of this ad,	*

during the period of his or their being employed in the execution

of this ad, at all feafonable times, to infped, examine, and take copies of any returns, papers, books, vouchers, or documents, relating to the levying or completing the faid additional force, that may be in the cuftody or pofleffion of the clerk of the general meetings of the county for which he or they (hall have been appointed for the purpofe aforefaid,

IX.	And be it further eqa&ed. That the governor or go- Proceedings vernors and deputy-governors of fuch refpe&ive counties (hall »tfiHlfpeaal alfcmble at fuch fpecial meetings as aforefaid, and adjourn fuch

meetings if ncceuary, fo as that every fuch adjourned meeting returning (hail be held within (even days after the meeting immediately ftatements of preceding; and (hall carefully examine and compare the accounts of the infpe&or-general pr his deputy fo tranfoiitted as afore- dencics, faid, and the returns which (hall be produced and laid before them by thf clerks of the general meetings, and all other papers, documents, and vouchers, that may be produced at fuch meetings by any perfon or perfons fo appointed by the infpe&or-general of his deputy as aforefaid, together with all fuch returns,

vouchers.

£16 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. (1S04

vouchers, papers, and documents, as may be in the hands of th clerks of the general meetings relating to fuch additional force and to the deficiencies that may exift therein; and (hall, afte fuch examination and comparifon as aforefaid, caufe to be m2d out a ftatement and certificate in the form in the fchedule t this aft annexed, marked (D.), fpeciTying the numbers of me that (hall have been raifed and enrolled in their refpectiv counties, and in the refpeftive baronies or half baronies, Tub divifions and parifhes, and the number^ of men fo raifed tha (hall have been difeharged, and the numbers that have died 0 have deferted, and the numbers that (hall have entitled fo general fervice; and the governor or governors, and depur governors, prefent 'at fuch meetings, (hall fign two of fuch Gate mentis and certificates, and caufe one thereof to be forthwitl tranfmitted to the faid infpeftor-general or his deputy, and tin other thereof to be tranfmitted to the clerk of the genera meetings of fuch refpeftive counties.

Such ftate- X. And be it further ena£ed, That it (hall be lawful for 2111 meets may be governor of any county in Ireland, who fhall receive direction! re-examine . £or pUrp0fe from his Majefty, or the lord-lieutenant <x other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time beinj, to be communicated by the chief fecretary of fuch lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors, to caufe another fpecia meeting of the governor or governors and deputy-governors tq be fummoned to meet within fourteen days, to re-examine any fuch ftatement or certificate; and the governor or governors and deputy-governors at fuch meeting, together with any perfonor per Tons fo appointed by the infpeftor- general or his deputy as aforefaid, (hall meet and re-examine fuch ftatement and certificate, and examine any further information that may be kid) before them in relation thereto, and confirm or alter the fame as they fhall fee fit; and fuch governor or governors and deputy-governors (hall fign two of the ftatements and certificates ib confirmed or altered, and caufe one thereof to be forthwith tranfmitted to the faid infpeftor-general or his deputy, and the j other thereof to be tranfmitted to the clerk of the general meei-ings as aforefaid; and every fuch clerk of the general meetings after fuch re-examination, or if no directions refpedting fuch firft ftatement fhall have been communicated to fuch governor •	or governors refpeftively, through the faid chief fecretary, within

Commanding officers (hall

certify all palling of this aft, every vacancy that fhall arife in any reg'r ments> battalions, or corps, of fuch additional force, by reafon tapMn to ^le cn^ng °f any perfons ferving therein intohis Majefty’s the mfpettor- regular forces, or by death or defertion, or in confequence of general/who any men being reclaimed as deferters from his Majefty’s other ffiall annually forces, or from the marines or militia, or by fuch men being numbertoC c^a‘mc(^ as apprentices, or becoming unfit for fervice, and being the chief difeharged accordingly, (hall be from time tQ time certified by fecretary.	the

fourteen days then after the expiration of fuch fourteen days, i (hall fign the fame.

XI. And be it further enafted, That, from and after the

1804.] Anno regni qaadragefimo quarto Geor«ii III. e. 74.

the commanding officer thereof to the infpeftor-general afore-hid, or his deputy; and the faid infpeftor-general or his deputy (ball, on or before the firft day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and four, as to all fuch vacancies as (hall have arifen and been certified to him between the period to which fuch firft account (hall have been made up by him in manner hereinbefore mentioned, and the firft day of September one thoufand eight hundred and four, and afterwards annually, on or before the firft day of Oftober in each year, tranfmit to the chief fecre-tary of the lordrlieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, to be laid before the privy council of Ireland, the total number of (uch vacancies aforefaid that ffiall have an fen and been certified to him in the year ending on the firft day of September preceding.

XII.	And be it further enafted. That, on or before the firft When prefent

day of November one thoufand eight hundred and four, there	tod

Hull be raifed in the feveral counties in Ireland fo many men as how vacaudci fhall be requiiite for fully fupplying the vacancies that mall have (hall be

arifen in fuch additional force, on or before the faid firft day of annually September one thoufand eight hundred and four, by reafon of the^PP^*”* entitling of any perfons ferving therein into his Majefty’s regular forces, not exceeding four thoufand men, and alfo fo many men as (hail be requifite to fupply fuch vacancies as (hall have arifen on or before the faid firft day of September one thoufand eight hundred and four, by death, defertion, or other cafualty before mentioned j and that after the expiration of the year ending on the firft day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and five, there (hall, as foon after as the fame can be done, be raifed for the year beginning on the firft day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and five, and ending on the firft dAy of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and fix, for fuch additional force, a number of men equal to the full number that fhall have enlifted in his Majefty’s regular forces in the preceding year, and alfo a number of men equal to the total amount of fuch vacancies as (hall have arifen in the faid preceding year, by death, defertion, or other cafullty before mentioned; and that in each and every fucceeding year a number of men, equal to the number that lhall have enlifted into his Majefty’s regular forces in the then preceding year, and alfo a number of men equal to the total amount of fuch vacancies as (ball have arifen in the faid preceding year by death, defertion, or other cafualty before mentioned, ihall in like manner be raifed for fuch additional force: provided always, that no greater number than four thoufand men (hall be required to be raifed for any one year towards the fupplying * fuch vacancies as lhall have arifen by the enlifting of men from fuch additional force into his Majefty’s regular forces in any preceding year.

XIII.	And be it further ena&ed. That the lord-lieutenant or Mode of ap-other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, portioning and the privy council of Ireland, (hall, on or before the tent^ ^coum^ei^ day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and four, c*ufe the baronies, &L

number

3Annoregni quadfagefimo quarto Geo&gii III. c* 74. [1804

number of men which (hall be requifite to be raifed for the fupplying the vacancies in fuch additional force that (hall have arifen on or before the faid firft day of September one thoufaad eight hundred and four, by reafon of fuch enliftment, death, defertion, or other cafualty before mentioned, and alfo (hall from time to time, within ten days after the firft day of Ottebn in each fucceeding year, caufe the number of men required to lx raifed in each fucceeding year for the fupplying the vacanciei arifing from fuch enliftment, death, defertion, or other cafualtj before mentioned, which (hall have arifen in the courfe of the preceding year in the feveral counties in Ireland, to be apportioned among fuch counties according to the refpeftive original quotas of men required td be j-aifed in fuch refpeftive counties, under the faid recited aft of the laft feffion; and (hall, asfoon after fuch apportionment (hall have been made as the fame can be done, caufe the numbers fixed and fettled by fuch apportionment to be tranfmitted to the refpeftive governor or governors of the feveral counties in Ireland, and (hall alfo caufe notice thereof to be given in the Dublin Gazette \ and fuch governor or governors (hail immediately fummon general and fubdivifion meetings of the governor or governors, and deputy-governors in their refpeftive counties; and the governor or governors and deputy-governors at fuch meetings (hall divide and apportion the numbers fo fixed and fettled among the baronies and half baronies, or fubdivifions, in their refpeftive counties, or if they, (hall fee fir, among the refpeftive parifhes and places within the fubdivifions in their refpeftive counties, as they {ball think modi expedient for the purpofes of this aft, or in fuch manner as they are empowered to do under any aft or afts relating to the militia of Ireland\ in order that fuch men may, as fpeedily as poffible, be raifed for the additional force under the provifiow of this aft.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful for the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor cr governors of Ireland for the time being, and the privy council of Ireland^ from time to time to afeertain, fix, and declare the number of men which the county of Limerick, and the county of the city of Limerick (hall refpeftively furni(h towards the number of men required to be raifed under this aft, in proportion to the number of four hundred and ninety, required by the /aid recited aft of the laft feffion of parliament to be raifed by the, faid county of Limerick and the county of the city of Uner'ul and that fuch number (hall be fo afeertained, fixed, and declare by an order of council, to be made and tranfmitted to til governor or governors of the faid county of Limerick for thi time being, and to the mayor of the faid city of Limerick refpert tively, within ten days after the pafiing of this aft. topeat of pc-	XV. And be it further enafted. That fo much of the liiJ

Sec^tS ft Cr rccilc^ °f laft feffion of parliament* as relates to th$ rafting ’ afleffing or levying of any fines or penalties on any counties of mw de&cm. pannes, in refpeft of any men that fluli not have been proridedj

according!

Proportions upon Limerick county and city may be fettled by order of council.

iSo4«] Anno regpiquadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74.	319

according to the provifions of the fai.d recited ad, fhall be and the fame is hereby repealed as to all deficiencies exifting at the expiration of ten days after the palling of this ad, and alfo as to all vacancies that may hereafter arife in fuch additional force.

XVI.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the Rates not to expiration of ten days after the palling of this ad, it lhall not be

lawful for any churchwarden of any parilh, or any other perfon ^vo&ntcer? or perfons, to make, raife, or levy any rate or rates, or any Tub-* feription or fubferiptions, or fum or films of money, or to give, advance, or promife any fum or Turns of money for the purpofe of inducing any nerfon to enlift as a volunteer in any fuch additional force as aforefaid, except in manner by this act provided; and every churchwarden and other perfon who fitall in any^®*^*** manner pay, or give or advance to any perfon any fum or fums of money, or any bounty, gift, or reward, or promile any fum bounty, or Turns of money, or any bounty, gift, or reward, other than fuch bounty as lhall be allowed and paid by or under his Ma^-jefty’s regulations in that behalf, or as may be advanced in manner by this ad provided, (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds, to be recovered, levied, and applied as any like penalty may be recovered, levied, and applied, under any ad or ads relating to the militia of Inland.

XVII.	And be it further enaded, That it lhall be lawful for Appointment his Majefty, or the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or °f place# of governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint a convenient^ of regu-place or places of rendezvous in every county in Ireland, for the Uting officers, men to be raifed for fuch additional force, and to appoint at

every fuch place of rendezvous an officer efpecially authorifed by his Majefty, or fuch lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, or the commander of his Majefty’s forces in Ireland for the time being, tp approve or difeharge the men produced and provided under this ad, according and fubjed to fuch regulations as his Majefty, or fuch lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, (hall from time to time eftablilh for that purpole, and fuch officers may approve of or difeharge any fuch men accordingly; and every officer difeharging any fuch man (hall forthwith certify the fame, together with the caufe of fuch difeharge, to the clerk of the fubdivifion-meetings of the fubdi-vifion for which fuch man (hall have been produced, and alfo to the infpedor-general aforefaid, or his deputy.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That a bounty equal to Amount and

three-fourth parts of the bounty that lhall be from time to time £^2^°° • allowed by his Majefty, or the lord-lieutenant or other ohief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, for re-	9

cruitlng the infantry for general fervice, lhall be allowed and

paid in refped of every man who (hall be provided or raifed to ierve in fuch additional force under this ad: provided always, that fuch bounty, when paid under this ad, (hall be in lieu of all allowances and payments of money to which any fuch man might be or claim to be entitled under any of the provifions of

the;

Commanding officer may difcharge

Penalty for deficiencies on baronies* which the commanding officer may fupply by recruiting.

How the order of baronies in re-

the faid recited aft; any thing in the faid recited aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That whenever any man ferving in fuch additional force as aforefaid {hall become until for fervice in the judgement of the commanding officer of the battalion or corps to which he (hall belong, it (hall be lawful for fuch commanding officer to difcharge fuch man, under fuch reftriftions as by any regulations of his Majelty, or the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Inland for the time being, are or may be provided in that behalf, as to his Majefty’s regular forces, or to the additional force under thij aft; and every fuch difcharge fhpll be valid and effeftua), to all intents and purpofes.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That in every cafe in which the number of men required to fupply the deficiencies in (he full number of ten thoufand men direfted to be raifed by the faii recited aft of the laft feffion, and to be completed by this act, or the number of men required to be raifed in any barony, h:'i barony, fubdivifion, parith, or place under this aft, (hall not be found or provided within the refpeftive periods herein-before refpeftivcly mentioned and direfted, or (hall not be approved in fucb manner, and according to fuch regulations, as his Majellv, or the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being (hall direft in that behalf, fuch barom, half barony,7 fubdivifion, parifh, or place, (hall become fubjectu the payment of the fum of twenty pounds, by way of fine, for every man deficient, to be levied in manner by this aft direfted; and the clerks of the fubdivifion-meetings for the fubdivifions h which flich deficiency (hall arife refpeftively, {hall, and they ire hereby refpeftively required fGrthwith to certify the faid den-ciency to the feveral clerks of the general meetings for the county in which fuch fubdivifion (hall be refpeftively fituate, fpecifjin: in fuch certificate the number deficient in each barony or hf: barony, and parifh or place within fuch fubdivifion, and fuch clerks of the general meetings fhall, and they are hereby required forthwith in like manner to certify all fuch deficiencies to the faid infpeftor-gcneral or his deputy; and it (hall be lawful for the commanding, officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps to which fuch men (hall have been appointed, upon the receipt of any notice from the faid infpeftor-general, or his deputy, of anv fuch deficiency not having been made good, or of any luc.i vacancy not having been filled up, to enlift from any place, where he (hall find it moft convenient, any recruit or recruits to make good any fuch deficiency, or to fill up fuch vacancy, and 'to pay to each fuch recruit fo enlifted any fuch fum by way of bounty, not exceeding the proportion herein-before direfted, as lhall be allowed by the regulations of his Majefty, or the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Inland (of the time being in that behalf.

XXL And be it further enafted, That it fhall be lawful for the governor or governors and deputy governors, affcmbled at

any

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74,	321

any general meeting under any aft relating to the militia of cmiiing fhall Inland^ or to fuch additional force, and they are hereby required, 'tertM-2t fome general meeting in each year* to afeertain and fix by e 1 c* ballot the order in which the refpeftive fubdivifions and baronies and half-baronies, or parifhes or places refpeftively in their refpeftive counties (hall ftand, as to the recruiting of any men by any commanding officer under the provifions of this aft, for the purpofe of fuppiying any deficiencies or vacancies that may exift or arife in fuch additional force, and (hall, immediately after the fame (hall have been fo afeertained and fixed, caufe a lift of fuch fubdivifions and baronies and half-baronies, or panflies or places refpeftively entered in fuch order, and in the form in the fchedule to this aft annexed marked (£.) to be tranfmitted to the infpeftor-general aforefaid or his deputy, and to the agent-general for the army of referve; and all recruits which (hall be raifed by any fuch commanding officer (hall be appropriated and fet down to the feveral fubdivifions and baronies and half-baronies, or parifhes or places refpeftively, in the order in which fuch fubdivifions and baronies and halfbaronies, or parilhcs qr places, (hall have been entered in fuch lift as aforefaid; and the infpeftor-general aforefaid, or his deputy; or general agent aforefaid, (hall, as foon as the fame can be done, give notice thereof to the high conftable or chief conftable of the barony or half-barony, or to the churchwarden of the parifh or place, to the account of which fuch recruit (hall have been fet down, and (hall fpecify the name, refidence, occupation, and defeription of fuch recruit.

XXII. And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for Empowering anyperfon or perfons, whether high or petty or fub-confiable, churchwarden, or others fpecially appointed for the purpofe, and fopa’fpecially in fuch manner as fhall be directed by the governor or governors appointed, to and deputy-governors of the county, at the firft fpecial meeting provide men. to be held under this a ft, as herein-before direfted, at any time, before the faid firft day of September one thoufand eight hundred and four, as to all fuch men as are by this aft required to be railed in refpeft of any deficiencies under the faid recited aft of the laft feflion of parliament; and at any time, before the faid firft day of November one thoufand eight hundred and four, as to all fuch men as are by this aft required to be raifed in refpeft of vacancies in fuch additional force by eoliftment, death, defer-tion, or other cafualty, arifing before the firft day of September one thoufand eight hundred and four; and alfo within one month after any apportionment fhall have from time to time been made for the baronies, half-baronies, and fubdivifions, in the refpeftive counties, or for the parifhes or places therein, as the cafe may be, in refpeft of fuch four thoufand men as aforefaid, or of fuch number of men as (hall be required to fupply the place of any men that (hall have been enlifted into his Majefty’s regular forces, or any vacancies that (hall have arifen in fuch additional force; and alfo at any time after any fuch refpeftive periods as aforefaid, before any recruit (hall have been provided Vet. XLV.	Y	by

3*2, Annoregni qoadragefimo quarto Georgii ITI.c. 74. [1804.

by any commanding officer under the provifions of this aft, to fupply any fuch deficiency or vacancy; and fuch perfonfo fpecially appointed is hereby authorifed to provide any man, and to produce fuch man to the officer empowered to approve recruits in manner aforefaid to ferve in fuch additional force; and every fuch perfon producing any man for fuch additional force (hall be entitled to receive fuch proportion of the whole bounty to be allowed in refpeft of each man, as his Majefty, or the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ire* land for the time being (hall, from time to time, by any regulations made in that behalf, direct.

Such perfons XXIII. And be it further enabled, That it (hall and may be may advance lawful for fuch perfon fo appointed as aforvfaid, for providing

bounty to men, &c.

recruits, to pay in advance to any recruits fo provided by him, any part of the bounty payable to recruits under or by virtue cf this aft, not exceeding one fourth part of the bounty which fuch recruit would be entitled to receive in money at the place of rendezvous ; and that fuch perfon (hall, together with fuch recruit, deliver to the officer appointed to approve fuch recruit, a receipt for the money fo advanced, figned by fuch recruit; and fuch officer, if he (hall approve of fuch recruit, (hall immediately in the prefence of fuch recruit, pay to fuch perfon fo appointed and providing fuch recruit, the whole of the bounty allowed for fuch recruit, out of which fuch perfon is hereby authorifed and empowered, and required and dircfteii, to deduft and retain the amount of money fpecified in fuch receipt, and after fuch deduction he fhall immediately, in the prefence of fuch officer, pay the remainder of fuch bounty to fuch recruit; and if any fuch perfon fhall negleft or refufe fo to do, he (hall for every offence forfeit fifty pounds, to bq recovered as any penalty may be recovered under the laws in force relating to the militia of Ireland: provided always, that in cafe fuch recruit (hall not be approved of by fuch officer, or (hall defert before or without having arrived at the place of rendezvous, or without being fo approved, no part of the bounty fo advanced (hall be repaid by fuch officer to the perfon having provided fuch recruit as aforefaid.

For providing XXIV. And^ in order to provide for fuch advance, be it enafted, That it (ball be lawful for the governor or governorsof any county, or in their abfence, for fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be thereunto fpecially authorifed by the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, by hi; or their order in writing, to direft the collector of his Majefty’s cxcife of the neareft diftrift, to advance to the perfon appointed as aforefaid for providing recruits, fuch fum or fums of moneyas fuch governor or governors or other perfon or perfons fo an-thorifed as aforefaid, (hall in his or their diferetion think necefiary, and as (hall be fpecified in fuch order; and fuch colleftor of ex-cife (hall accordingly advance and pay the fame out of any pub-lick monies in his hands, or received or receivable by him; and fuch perfon fo appointed as aforefaid for providing recruits, (ball apply fuch money in making the advances herein-before authored

for the advance of mo ©ey to re-

A

iSo4*] Annp regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74.'	323

rifed to fuch recruits, as may be provided by him on account of their bounty, and fhall account for the difpofition of all fuch iurns, and of all fums which lhall or may be repaid to him as afore fa id, to the faid governor or governors, or other .perfon or perfons fo authorifed as aforefaid, whenever he lhall be thereto required, and (hall within ten days after he fhall be thereto required by fuch governor or governors, or other perfon or perfons fo authorifed as aforefaid, pay over fuch refidue or balance of any fuch money in his hands as lhall not be applied to the purpofes aforefaid, to the faid colledtor of his Majefty’s e*cife: provided always, that fuch gpvernor or governors, or other perfon or perfons fo authorifed as aforefaid, (hall, before giving any fuch order as aforefaid, require and take fufficient fecurity from fuch perfon appointed as aforefaid, cither from himfelf or with one or more fuficient furety or fureties, for providing fuch recruits, by bond to his Majcfty, his heirs and fucceffors, for which no ftamp-duty (hall be payable, in a competent fum, which bond fuch governor cr governors, or other perfon or perfons fo authorifed as aforefaid, is hereby authorifed and empowered to take; and fuch governor or governors, or other perfon or perfons fo authorifed as aforefaid, at the time of making fuch order on fuch collector for the advance of fuch fums, fhall fpecify to fuch collegers the particulars of fuch fecurity, and the number of recruits to be raifed by fuch perfons as aforefaid; and all fums fo advanced by fuch collectors of his Majefty’s excife under any fuch orders as aforefaid, fhall be good and valid, and lhall be allowed them'in their accounts ; and all money fo repaid to and received by them (hall be carried to account, as other publick money in their hands.

XXV.	And be it further enadfced, That it fhall and may be Subfiftenceto lawful for fuch perfon, fo appointed as aforefaid for providing ^ recru^ts^to recruits* out of any money fo put into his hands, to advance for carfy them the fubfiftence of any man raifed and provided under this aft from to therendez-the time when fuch man (hall be duly attefted, until his arrival vous.

at the place of rendezvous, any fum not exceeding the rate of one (hilling Britijb per day; and all fums of money fo advanced in refpedt of any man that fhall be approved by the officer appointed for that purpofe, fhall be repaid to the perfon providing fuch recruit, or to his order, by the faid approving officer, and (hall be accounted for by fuch perfon in fuch manner as is hereinbefore diredted with refpedl to the other fums to be advanced to him as aforefaid under this adt; and in cafe any recruit fo provided fhall not be approved by fuch officer, the amount of fuch fubfiftence fhall be defrayed out of his Majefty’s revenues, in fuch manner as the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or gover-, nors of Ireland for the timebeino; (hall diredt and appoint in that behalf.

XXVI.	And be it further enadfed, That every man provided

and raifed under this adt, to ferve in fuch additional forte, (hall this aft. take the following oath$ (that is to fay).

€ T A. B. do make oath, That to the beft of my knowledge and X belief I am	years	ot	age; was^ born

in the parilh of	in	or near to the town in the

county of	that	I am by trade or occupation

a *	that	my	laft	place of reUdence was at

in the parilh of	in or near to the

town of	in	the county of $

in the chara&er or occupation of

that I am no ways difabled by Iamenefs, but have the perfect ufe of my limbs; that I am not fubjedt to fits, have not rupture, am no apprentice, nor belong to his Majefty’s other forces, either army or navy, or marines; and I do further fincerely promife and fwear, that I will be faithful and bear true allegiance to his Majefty King George, and that I will faithfully ferve his Majefty in Great Britain and Ireland9 and the iflands of Guernfey, Jer/ejt and Alderney, tor the defence of the fame, for the period of five years, and further until fix months after the termination of any war in which this kingdom may at the expiration of the laid period be engaged, by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, unlefs I (hall fooner be difeharged. As witnefs my hand, this

day of

tty whom it Which oath may be adminiftered in like manner, and by fuch and a<”m* kme Pcr^ons ** anY oat^ may adminiftered to any men raifed under the faid recited of the laft feffion of parliament, or to any men cftlifted in any of his Majefty’s regular forces; and every fuch man (hall be attefted in like manner, and by fuch per-fons as any man may be attefted for his Majefty’s regular forces, fo far as fitch atteftation. or any certificates relating thereto, can be made to apply to the fcrvice of any man in the additional foice under this ad.

flow men Shall be formed into battalions, and may be attached or not to regular forces.

Extent of fer-vicc.

Appointment of officers.

XXVIL And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall be lawful for his Majefty, from time to time, to caufe the private men heretofore railed, or that (hall hereafter be raifed to ferve in fuch additional force, to be formed into additional or referved battalions, to be attached to any regiment or battalion of his Majefty’s regular forces, or into fcparate battalions not attached to any other regiment or battalion*

XXVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That none of the faid men to be raifed by virtue of this a& (hall be compellable or cora-

glled, on any pretence whatever, to ferve out of the United ingdom, and the iflands of Guernfeyy Jerfey^ and Aldernej, unlefs they (hall freely and voluntarily enlift in any of his Majefty’s forces for general fervice, and (hall have been for that purpofe previoufly and dulv difeharged from their fcrvice in the additional force to be railed by virtue of this a&.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful for his Majefty to appoint fuch officers and non-commilSoned officers to command and difeipline fuch regiments, battalions, or corps, as his Majefty (hall think fit j and every fuch officer, and •	.. *	every

1804*] Annoregnf quadragefimo quano Gkorgii III. c- 74.	325

every non-commiflioned officer and druromer in any fuch regiment, battalion, or corps, and every fuch private man, from the time of his being fworn as aforefaid, and during the time for which fuch force (hall remain embodied, as well as the additional force to be raifed by virtue of this a6t, fhall be fubjedt to all the provifions, rules, regulations, pains, and penalties, as well pains of death as others, as are or may be contained in any a& of par* liament then in force for punishing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and any arti-cles of war, made in purfuance thereof; and all the provifions, powers, authorities, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as well pains of death as others, contained in every fuch ad and articles of war, (hall be in force with refped to the additional force to be raifed by virtue of this ad, and fhall extend to all officers, non* commiffioned officers, drummers, and private men of the fame, in all cafes whatever.

XXX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no part of the force to be raifed or maintained under this ad (fuch

men only as (hall have enlifted for general fervice excepted) fhall embodied* remain embodied for more than fix months after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peaee, unlefs in purfuance of any ad or ads of parliament which may be hereafter pafled for that purpofe..

XXXI.	And be it further enaded, That at the expiration of	m#f

fuch refpedive periods within which any men maybe found j*

and provided by any perfon or perfons appointed for that purpofe ments of * as aforefaid, or as foon after as the fame can be done, the fa id grand juries* infpedor-general, or his deputy, fhall, from time to time, tranfmit to the feveral and refpedive treafurers for the feveral counties and counties of cities in Ireland, ten days at lead previous to every general affizes, or, if to the treafurer of the county and city of Dublin, within fourteen days previous to each prefentiog term, certificates of the deficiencies and vacancies that remaia to be filled up in their refpedive counties and counties of cities, fpe-cifying the number deficient in each barony or half-barony, and in any parifh or place within the fame; and the governor or go* vernors of each county fhall, in like manner, tranfmit to the (aid treafurers, certificates of the amount of fuch fums as fhall have been advanced under the order of fuch governor or governors in manner aforefaid, to any recruit or recruits, who, after having been provided, (hall not have been accepted or approved by the officer appointed for that purpofe, fpecifying the barony or halfbarony, and the parifh or place refpedively for which fuch man was provided; and the faid treafurers fhall, and they are hereby reflectively required to lay the faid certificate before the judges of affize on the commiffion-day of affize, or, in the county and city of Dublin, before the court of King’s bench, on the firft day of fuch term; and it fhall be lawful for the faid judges of affize, or the court, and they are hereby required, upon due inquiry firft made in open court, to order and direlt fuch treafurers refpedively, to levy on any barony, half-barony, county of a city, parifh, or other place, the quotas of which (hall appear to be deficient, or on account of which fuch fum or fums of money (hall

have he*n fnodvanrnl. tH* amnunt nf the nenalties under this ad.

Treafurers (hall pay money levied to the collectors.

526 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georg 11 III. c. 74. [1804.

and of the fum or fums of money fo advanced, as if the fame had been prefented by a grand jury, fo that the fame (hall be railed and levied forthwith.

XXXII.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral treafurers of the refpeftive counties and counties of cities as aforefaid (hall collect and receive the fums fo ordered to be levied, and pay the fame to the colleftor of his Majcfty’s revenue for fuch county or county of a city; or, in cafe any county (hall be divided into two or more diftrifts, with two or more colleftors, then to the collector of that part of fuch county in which the county town isfituate; and every fuch colleftor (hall, and he is hereby required to give a receipt for all fums of money that (hall be fo paid to him as aforefaid; and fuch receipts (hall be lodged by thetreafurer among the records of the county.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafted, That all and every fuch

...	•	-..1	"	-----	-

. railing men.

Penalties fliall

be applied m penaitjcs^ when fo levied and paid, (hall be applied towards the

raifing the men for fuch additional force: provided always, that if at any time after fuch penalty (hall have been levied and paid as aforefaid, and before fuch notice (hall have been given of any recruit having been raifed as aforefaid, a man (ball be found and provided by the perfon or perfons appointed for that purpofe as aforefaid, for any barony or half-barony, pariih or place, to fupply any deficiency in refpeft of which fuch penalty was levied and paid, then and in fuch cafe, three-fourth parts of the amount of fuch penalty (hall, under the order of the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, be applied towards the payment and difeharge of any fine or fines due from fuch barony-or half-barony, pariih or place; and if no fines (hall be due, then (hall be paid to the treafurer of the county, to be placed by him to the credit of fuch barony or half-barony, pariih or place, as an advance in account of any future publick cefs to be thereafter levied thereon.

Recovery of XXXIV. And be it further enafted, That all fines, and alfoall fines, and arrears of fines, paid or to be paid under the faid recited aft of the ine^hands7 k® feffion of parliament, and remaining in the hands of any perfon oy perfons whatfoever, and alfo all monies remaining in the hands of any perfons whatfoever, arifing from any refidue of any fums of money paid by or on account of any perfon balloted to ferve in fuch additional force as aforefaid, for the engaging of any fubditute or volunteer to be enrolled in his (lead, and not fubfe-quently paid over to the perfons entitled to receive the fame, pur-fuant to the direftions of the faid recited aft of the lad feflion, and all money received by any high conftablc, chief conftablc, fub-conftable, or other perfon, for the purpofe'of advancing bounties to recruits under this aft, and not paid and applied in fuch manner as by this aft is direfted, (hall be debts to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and may be recovered as fuch, or in manner direfted by this aft, or may be levied under the faid recited aft of the lad feffion of parliament, and (hall be transmitted, fent, and paid to the colleftor of the didrift within which fuch fums (hall be paid, and (hall be paid over by fuch colleftor to the ^order of the chief fecretary of the lord-lieutenant of Inland^

the

of perfons having received the (amp.

1804 ] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74.	327

the benefit of fuch perfon or perfons as may be jufily entitled to the fame.

XXXV.	And be it further enabled, That all fuch refidues of Application any fuch fums of money as aforefaid, remaining in the hands of bounties of any perfon or perfons whatever, arifing out of any monies paid deierters, &c. by or on account of any perfon balloted to ferve in the additional

force raifed under the faid recited aft of the Jaft feflion of parliament, for the engaging of any fubftitutc or volunteer to be enrolled in his fttrad, and not fubfequently paid over to the perfon entitled thereto, lhall, in all cales in which the perfon fo entitled thereto fhall have been difeharged as unfit for fervice, or have 'deferted, go and belong to the parifli or place for which fuch man (hall have been enrolled to ferve, and (hall, by the order of the chief fecretary of the lord-lieutenant of lrehr.dy be paid to the collcftor of the publick cefs within fuch parifh or place; and all fuch fums of money, when paid to fuch collector, fhall go and be applied in aid of any publick cefs within fuch parifh or place, towards the payment of any fines or afleflments under this aft; and the furplus (if any) fhall be carried to the account of the faid cefs.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted. That in every cafe in Recovery of which fines for deficiencies fhall not have been or fhall not be fines, &c. by levied under the direftions of the faid recited aft of the laft feflion £rofcfs *n

of parliament, or of this aft, and in every cafe in which any CXc cc* treafurer of any county fhall have negfefted or omitted, or fhall ncg:eft or omit to pay any fum or fums of money from time to t me payable by him.ro any collector ofexcifc, within twenty-one days *f:er the receipt thereof, or in which any fuch colleftor fhall tavc neg'efted or fhall negledt: or omit to pay the fums leceived bv him to the receiver-general of excife, according to the direction* of this aft, within twenty-one days after the receipt thereof, and ailb in every cafe in which any churchwardens of any parifh or place, or any co’Jeftor of any publick cefs or any other perfon or perfons fhall have refufed or negleftcd,*or fhall refufc or ncgleft to raife any money required to be raifed by the faid recited aft of the Isft feflion, or this aft, or to pay and apply the fame in manner direfted by the laid recited aft, cr this aft, and alfo in every cafe in which any perfon or perfons”whatfoever, having in their hands any fine or fines, or refidues of fines, or fums of money, under the faid recited aft, at the time of parting of this aft, lhall not within twenty-one days after the parting of this aft, pay and apply the fame according to law, it fhall be lawful for his Majefly’s court of exchequer in Ireland\ and the fame court is hereby authorifed, on the application of his Mnjcfty’s attorney-general, by motion to the faid court in a fummary way, to hear 2nd determine on the matter of fuch application ; and if on notice of fuch application to the clerk of the peace, and the treafurer of the county (in cafes where fines have not been duly levied), and in fuch and all other cafes, on notice of application to fuch perfon or perfons refpeftively, in relation to whom fuch application fhall have been made, as the cafe may require, or as the faid

court

328 Anno regni qoadragefimo quarto Georgii TII. c. 74. [1804.

court (hall dired, no fufficient caufe ihall be (hewn for fuch neg-]e6t9 default, or omiffion as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the faid court of exchequer to fine any fuch county* or the treafurer thereof, or any perfon or perfons againft whom fuch application (hall be made, in any fum not exceeding double the amount of the fum that ought to have been levied or applied, paid or accounted for, as the cafe may require, and to caufe the fame to be levied by diftringas, or other procefs, applicable to the nature of the cafe, according to the rules and pradice of the f*id court of „ exchequer.

Meetings may XXaVII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That times ftibfe- if through the negled or miftake of any governor or deputy go-quent to times vernors, or of any clerk of any general meeting, or other officer appointed. or perfon, or from any other caufe, any meeting required to be held for any of the purpofes.of this ad (hall not be held within the period herein preferibed, a fpecial meeting may and (hall be forthwith fummoned and holden for the purpofes for which any fuch meeting ought to have been holden purfuant to this ad, as foon after the period as may be* and if any ad, matter, or thing, by this ad required to be done at any meeting as aforefaid, fhall not be performed at fuch meeting, it (hall be lawful for the per* fons refoedively authprifed and required to do any fuch ad, matter, or thing, to carry the fame into execution at any fubfequent j meetings and all fuch meetings fo fummoned as aforefaid, and | all ads, matters, and things refpedively which (hall be done and performed at any fuch meetings as aforefaid, (hall be as good, valid, and effedual, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch meetings had been fo fummoned, and fuch ads, matters, and things, had been done purfuant to the diredions of this ad. fr«i!i0n*r'‘- XXXVIII. And be it further enafted, That all provifions tie* fllall m*1"* dsufcs* matters, and things whatever, in this aft contained, re-tend to coun- lating to counties, (hall extend and be conftrued to extend to all ties of cities, counties of cities and counties of towns, and to all places having &c.

Powers of

militia and defencemans extended to this an*

a feparate governor or governors, for the purpofes of this ad, or the faid recited ad of the laft feffion of parliament, as fully and amply as if they were feverally and refpedively repeated in every fuch provifion, diredion, and claufe, and with relation to every fuch matter or thing.

XXXIX. And be it further enaded,That all the powers, provides, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties, claufes, matters, and things, contained in any ad or ads relative to the militia of /r*-landj and in the faid recited ad of the laft feffion of parliament, for raifing and aflembling an additional military force in Ireland, fliall, in (o far as the fame are not altered, varied, or repealed, or other and different provifions made \n relation to fuch additional force under this ad, be applied and pradifed for the purpofes of this ad, and as to the additional force required by this ad, in as full and ample a manner as if the faid powers, provifoes, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties, claufes, matters and things, were again repeated and enaded in this ad.

XL. Pro*

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gkorgii III. c. 74. 329

XL. Provided always, and be it enabled, That none of the Except as to provifions or daufes in the faid ads, or any or either of them thc families of contained, (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to the autho- erfaffing riling, allowing, or giving any allowances or fums of money or this act. provision, for the wives or families of any men raifed for the additional force under this ad, after the paffing thereof; and that No remunera-no fum fhall be given, paid, or allowed to any perfon or perfons tlo.'Jt£ ^ as a remuneration for their pains and labour in executing the pro- £*dcr vifions of this ad, unlefs the governor or governors of the re- county-go-fpedlive counties (hall put his or their Agnature to the order for vernor. that purpoie; any thing in the faid recited ads, or any of them,

10 the contrary notwithftanding.

XLI. And be it further epaded, That this ad may be altered. A# may he varied, or repealed, by any ad or ads to be paffed in this fcifion ?? rc‘

.fp»w»?r	si,h“

SCHEDULES

33<? Anr.o regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. [1804.

SCHEDULES to which this Ad refers.

I

Schedule [A.]

ACCOUNT of Ti/pcaor-General of the ARMY ci RESERVE, or his Deputy, in	,	for

of

Men received - - 300  4	Quota - -
Men difeharged as unfit 30	Effe&ives who are
	now ferving* or
	who have enlifted
Dead - - - 10 .	for General Ser-
	vice - 240
Defcrted - - - 90	
— 60	Deficiency no
240	

G.	A. InfpcQor-General of Army of Referve it

Ireland ;

%

1804.] AnnortgniquadragcfimoquartoGeougn III.c.74.	331

Schedule [B.]

SUBDIVISION of	In	‘he

County of

Birony of	Names of Men.			Date  of  Enrolment	Penalties
A.	•?  Principals.	Suoftitutcs.	Vuluntee: 8.		and Finch p.,J
Parish of ) St. George 3	Sam1 Jones -			April 2.	
. - -	Xho» Smith -				1-20
- - -	Edwd Smith -	John Nalh -			
Swords	Will" Grey -			John Merks		
Half Barony of	*  #	*	4		
Paish of A.					
B.		'		*	
Totals -  1		•				a

(Signed) A. B. Clerk to Subdivifion-Meeting*.

J3& Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gkorgii III.c.74. [1&04.

Schedule [C.]

RETURN of Clerk of General Meetings of the County of

Quota of County	330.

Subdivifion of A. Quota 18				Subdivifion of B. Quota 14J				Subdivifion of C. Quota 51.			
Barony of G. Parifli of C. xo.				Barony of IL Paritli of £. 5*				Half Barony of I. Parifli of F. xi.			
Vico ratted and enrolled	Dif-  charged	Dead.	DeCcrted	Mm raifed and enrolled	Dif-  clurged.	Dead.	Ddarted.	Men raifed and carolled.	Oil.  charged.	Dtxi.	Deferri
A.B.  C.D.  E.F.  G.H  I.K.  L.M.	X	X	X						•		
6	I	I	I								
Half-Barony of K. Pariih of Da 8.											
A.B. C. D E.F. G.H.	X	/  X	X	Parifli of							
											
4	I	I	I	• '							

A. B.

1804.] Anno icgni quadragefimo quarto Gborgu III. c. 74.	333

.4

Schedule [D.]

i

! CERTIFICATE of the Deputy .Governors of the of

Total Quota of the of . 300							
8ubdivifion of B. Quota 50.							
Barony of D.	Quotas.	Men raifed and enrolled.	Difcbaifed.	Dead.	Deferred.	Deficiency.	Men entifted in Army.
Parifh of A.  B.  C.							
Totals -			•				
Subdivifion of B« Quota 60.							
Barony of E.	Quotas.	Men rsHed and enrolled.	Difcharged.	Dead.	Defcrted.	Deficiency.	Menenlffledtn  Any.
Parifh of A.  B.  C.			•				
Totals -		: •				*	.

Confirmed,	(Signed)	Deputy-Governor*.

E.F. Clerk of General Meetings.

(N. B. Where new Apportionments have been made, new Quotas muft be (petrified, becaufe Deficiencies, arifiog from Vacancies muft be altered in confcquence.X

334 Ann6regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii IIT. c. 74. [1804.

Schedule [E.]

LIST of Subdivifions and Baronies, and Half-Baronies, [#r, Parjfhes, as the cafe may be'] in the Order in which Men are to be recruited fot the Year 1805, or (as cafi may **•)

1. Subdivifion of D.		
1. Barony of C.	2. Barony of M.  V	3, Half-Barony of P.
		
	2. Subdivifion of E,	•
1. Parifh of A.	2. Parifh of B.	3. PariOi of C.
•	/	

Afcertained by Ballot, at a General Meeting of the above County, held at	on	the	Day	of	180

(Signed) A. B. Clerk of General Meeting*.

1804.] Anno rcgni quadragefimo quarto Georgii IIL c. 75.	335

C A P. LXXV. ,

in *8 for enabling fubjetts of foreignfates to enlijl as foldiers in bis Majeflfs fervice, and for enabling bis Majejly to grant commiffions to Jttbjefls of foreign Jlatcs to ferve as officers or as engineers, under certain rejirifiions ; and to indemnify all per fins who may have ad~ vijed his Majejly to enlift any fuel) foldiers, or grant anyfuck comm if-Jr.ns as aforefaid.—[July 14* 1804,]

WHEREAS it hath been deemed expedient by his Majefty, in order to provide in the fpiedicfl manner for the better defence end greater fecurity of the United Kingdom, in the prefent important juncture ef affair/, to permit certain foreigners> now in Great Britain* tunlifi 05 foldiers into his Majeflfs fervice, and, for the better dif-ciplining of fuck foldiers, to form them into regiments, battalions, or tsrpi, and to grant commiffions or letters of fervice therein^ to certain fiuign officers acquainted with their manners and language; and it mj be expedient, during tin continuance of the prefent war, to augment fucb regiment, battalions, or corps, and to form other regiments, battalions, or corps, and to enlijl as foldiers to ferve therein relpeftively fuch other foreigners as /ball be willing to enlijl themfelves in his Ada-jiffs fervice; and alfo to enable bis Majejly h grant commiffions or litters of fervice to foreign officerst therein; and it is proper, that all per-Jm who /ball or may have advifed his MajeJly to enlijl fuch foldierst and to grant fuch commiffions or letters of fervice as aforefaid, Jhould be indemnified; and it is neceffiary that quarters Jhould be provided for fucb regiments, battalions, or corps, during their continuance in any fart of the United Kingdom: be it therefore enadled by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confetu cf the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all Foreign fo1-fuch foreign foldiers as have been already enlifted into his Ma-jetty's fervice, and formed into regiments, battalions, or corps, as aforefaid, {hall be deemed and taken to have been and to be regiment* legally and effectually enlifted and formed ; and all fuch commit (hnllbe deem-fions or letters of fervice as have been already granted by his Ma- cd legally en-jetty to any foreign officers in fuch regiments, battalions, or formed11 and corp«, ft1^ be deemed and taken to have been and to be le- commifTions gaily and effe£tually. granted, and (hall remain and continue in granted tofo-force in like manner in all refpe&s as if fuch foldiers had heen en-lifted and formed, and fuch commiffions or letters of fervice had0151 ** v ^ been granted, after the paffing and under the provifions of this aci; and all and every perfons or perfon who (hall or may have advifed his Majefty to enlift fuch foldiers, and to grant fuchcoov-miflions or letters of fervice as aforefaid, (hall be, and they and he are or is hereby fully and effectually indemnified ; any law or ftatuie to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enabled. That it {hall and may be lawfulSuc^ for his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, from time to time, to ^femented augment fuch regiments, battalions, or corps, fo already formed as not toex-as, aforefaid, and to form any other regiments, battalions, or corps, ceed xo}oo«

and racn*

Subjects of foreign ftates nay calaft and accept commiffions.

entitled to If-pay; h \ Majefty may make

J>rovifion for iich as are wounded in the fervice, SCCm

336 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. 0.75* [1804.

and to that end to enlift as foldiers to ferve in any fuch regiments, battalions, or corps, any foreigners who (hall voluntarily enter themfclves as foldiers to ferve therein: provided always, that there (hall not be, within any part of the United Kingdom, more in the whole than ten thoufand men ferving in fuch regiments, battalions, or corps, at any one time.

III.	And be it further enadted, That it (hall be lawful for fuch perfons fubjedts of any foreign dates, as (ball be willing to ferve his Majefty, to enlift as foldiers, and to accept comtniffions or letters of fervice, to ferve as officers or engineers, from his jefty, his heirs and fucceftors, or from any perfons duly autho-rifed by his Majefty to gfrant fuch commiffions or letters of fervice (which commiffions and letters of fervice it (hall be lawful for his Majefty, or for any perfons duly authorifed in that behalf Officers when as aforefaid, to grant): provided always, that no fuch officer, reduced not when he (hall be reduced, lhall be entitled to receive half-pay: entitled to^ provided neverthelefs, that when any fuch officer (hall be rendereJ hfs Majefty incapable of military fervice by wounds or infirmities, contrafled while he (hall be discharging his military duty during the period of his continuing to ferve as fuch officer under the provifions of this adt, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for his Majefty to make fuch provifion for fuch officer as he (hall think proper and neceflary, fo that fuch provision (hall in no cafe exceed the half-pay of tne rank in the Briti/b fervice, (imilar to that which fuch officer (hall have held at the time of his becoming fo incapableas 1 aforefaid: provided alfo, that no fuch perfon as aforefaid (hall be liable to any pain, penalty, or forfeiture whatever, for having accepted any fuch commimon, orenlifted as a foldier in any fuch regiments, battalions, or corps as aforefaid, by reafon ofhis hav. ; ing profefled the Popijb religion, and not having declared the fame at the time ofhis accepting fuch commiffion or enlifling. Foreigners IV. And be it further enadted, That all officers, non-com-?nHCr m*ffi°ned officers, drummers, and private foldiers refpedtively jedt to the ar- fcrv^ng under the provifions of this a<ft, (hall, whilft in his Ma-ticlcs of war, jefty** fervice as aforefaid, be fubjedt and liable to fuch articles of kc.	war	as	his Majefty hath eftabli(hed or may think fit to eftabliih

for the better government of the faid forces, and for bringing offenders againft the fame to juftice, and for conftituting courts-martial with power to try, hear, and determine any crimes or offences by fuch articles of war, and inflidt penalties, by (entente or judgement of the fame, and may be billeted and quartered, and be received and provided for in quarters; in the fame man- | ner, to all intents and purpofes, as my of his Majefty’s regular forces in the United Kingdom now sJe or by law may be billeted and quartered, and received and provided for in quarters: provided always, that no officer, non*commiffioned officer, drummer, or foldier, (hall by fuch articles of war, be fubjedt to any puni(hmcnt extending to life or limb, for any crime which is not exprefled to be fo puni(hable by an adt of this feffion of parliament, intituled,

An a£f for punijbing mutiny and defertion% and for the bitter payment the army and their quarters 5 nor for fuch crimes as arc expreffed —	to

A

1804.] AnnoregniquadragefimoquartoGeoroiiIII. c.76,77. 337

to be lo puni(liable in the faid afl, in any manner or under any regulations which (hall not accprd with the provifions of the faid ad: provided alfo, that every pcrfon who (hall be enjiftcd as a foldier under the authority of this adt, (hall be atteftcd in fuch manner as his Majefty (hall dired, by fuch articles of war and not othcrwife; and that fuch officers, non-commiffioned officers, drummers, and private foidicrs refpedHvely (hall take fuch oath for their fidelity, during their continuance in his Majefty’s fer-vice, as his Majefty QmIJ in like manner diredt, and no other. .

V.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That this ad Qf>”^,uanc, (hall continue in force during the prefent war, and until one year after the termination thereof by the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, and no longer.

CAP. LXXVI.

An ad for fettling and fecuring a certain annuity on the vifcountess Kfl-warden, and on the family of die late Arthur lord vifcount KiiwarJtn.—

[July 14* **<>♦•]

Annuity of i,soo/. payable out of the conColidatcd fund of Ireland, (hall be paid quarterly to the vifcounteft Kilwarden for her life. After her death toot. to the prefent vitcount Kilwarden, and 4001 to Mary Anne and Elizabeth, daughters of the late vifcount Kilwarden for their lives : snd after their death to the next fucceflor to the title of vifcount Kilwar* den. Acquittance of vilcountefs Kilwarden, &c. to be a fufficient dif-chirge. Annuity not to be conveyed or incumbered.

CAP. LXXVII.

An a£I to render valid certain marriages folemnized in certain churches and publick chapels in which banns had not vfually been publijhed before or at the time of pajfmg an afty made' in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majcfly King George the Second, intitule An aft for the better preventing of clandeftine. marriages.—,	,

[July 14, 1804.]

\\THERE h^fince the making of an afty pajfedin the twenty-ftxth V V year of the reign of hismajejty King George the Second, intituled, An adt for the better preventing of clandeftine marriages ; %6 Geo. s. and alfo of an aft9 pajjed in the twenty frjl year of the reign of his c. 33-prefent Majejly9 intituled^ An a St to render valid certain marriages si Geo. 3; folemnized in certain churches and publick chapels in which barms c,*3* had not ufuaily been publifbed before or at the timp of patting an ad, made, in the twenty-fixth year of King George the Second, intituled, ‘ An alt for the better preventing of clandeftine marriages,* divers churches and chapels have bun erefted and built within that part of Great Britain called, England, Wales, and town of , Berwick~upon-Tweed, which have been duly conficrated, and divers marriages have been folemnized therein fince the pajfmg of the faid lajl-mentioned aft i but9 by reafon that in fuch churches and chapels banns of matrimony had not ufisally been pftblijbsd before or at the f ime of paffing the faid fir^mentioned aft 9 fuch marriages have been or may be deemed io le void: may it therefore pi cafe your Majefty that it Rendering may be enacted ; and be it enadted by the Kang*s moft excellent Vo*. XLV.	2	majefty,	nized in

I

have folem nized fuch marriages*

Anoo regni qiiadrdgefirtio quarto Georgii IIL c. 77. [1804. chapels majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual «	and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembM,

s*	5* and by the authority of the fame. That all marriages already fo-

letnnized, or to be folemnized before the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, in any church or publick chapel in that part of Great Britain called England Wales > and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed^ ereded fincethe making of the faid ad of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his late majedy King George the Second, and confecrated, (hall be as good and valid in law as if fuch marriage had been folemnized in parilh churches, or publick chapels having chapelries annexed, and wherein banns had ufuaily beon publilhed before or at the time of palling the faid lad-mentioned ad.

Indemnifying II* And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That minifterg who all parfons, vicars, minifters, and curates, who, before the faid ^ r * twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, (hall nave folemnized any of the marriages which are herebj enaded to be valid in law, (hall be and they are hereby indemnified againft the penalties inflided by the faid ad of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his faid late majedy King George the Second, upon perfons who (hall folemnize marriages in any other place than a church or publick chapel in which banns bad been ufuaily publilhed before or at the time of paffing the faid lad-mentioned ad.

•IIL And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the regiders of marriages folemnized or to be folemnized in the faid churches or chapels, which are hereby enaded to be valid in law, or copies thereof, (hall be received in all courts of law and equity as evidence of fuch marriages, in the fame manner as the regiders of fuch marriages folemnized in parilh churches or pub-lid: chapels in which banns were ufuaily publilhed before or at the time of palling the faid ad of the twenty-fixth year of the jeign of his faid late majedy King George the Secona, or copies thereof, are received in evidence: provided neverthelefs, that in all fuch courts the fame objedions (ball be available to the receiving fuch regiders or copies in evidence, as would have been available to the receiving the fame as evidence, if fuch regiders or copies had related to marriages mentioned in luch lad-mentioned parilh churches or publick chapels as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforelkid, That the regiders of all marriages folemnized in any publick chapels, folemnized in which are hereby enaded to be valid in law, (hall, within fourteen diapcls,to. . days after the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thouftnd eight hundred and five, be removed to the parifh church of the parifh in which fuch chapel (hall be fituated, and in cafe fuch chapel : (hall be fituated in an extra-parochial place, theft to the parilh church next adjoining to fuch extra-parochial place, to be kept with the marriage regiders of fuch parilh, and in like manner as parilh regiders are direded to be kept by the faid z& of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his faid late majefty King Garp the Second.•'

CAP.

Regiders of fuch marriages to be received as evidence.

Regiders of marriages

be removed to the parilh churches adjoining.

1804.] AnnoregniquadnigefirnoquartoGEORciiIII.c.78—80. 339 CAP. LXXVIII.

An aft for making compenfation to the proprietors of certain lands and hereditaments, iituate at Weedon Beck in the countv of Northampton, purchafed in purfuance of an ad, made in the forty-third year of his pre-fent Majefty, for ere&ing buildings thereon for the fervice of bis Ma-jefty’s ordnance.—[July 14, 1804.]

CAP. LXXIX.

An aft to veft certain mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments in trnfteea, for better recuring his Majefty’s docks, (hips, and (lores, at Chatham, and for the ufe of his Majefty's ordnance at Warley Common and Woolwich.—[July 14,1804.]

CAP. LXXX.

An aft for the better fupport of hit Maiejlys boufebold, and cf the honour and dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom; and for preventing accumulation of arrears in the payments out of the civil lift revenues.—[July 20, 1804.]

May it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty,

WHEREAS by two feveral ads, paffed in the firft and feventeenth years refpedively of your Majefty’s feign, the clear yearly rents or Turns of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and one hundred thoufand pounds, refpe&ively, were granted to your Majefty ; and were, by another ad, paffed in the twenty* feventh year of your Majefty’s reign, made payable out of and charged upon the confolidated fund: and whereas the fame hath, flora various caufes, become inadequate to the purpofesfor which the faid grants were made, and it is expedient that an addition (hould be made thereto; We, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in parliament affejmbled, with hearts full of the warmeft gratitude for the ineftimable blef&ngs which your fubje&s do enjoy under your Majefty’s moft aufpicious government, do pray your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-mons,in this prefenrparliament aflembled, and by the authority of (he fame. That there be granted to his Majefty, during his life A farther (which God long preferve), over and befides the faid feveral fran^ fums of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and one hundred thou-	***

fand pounds, refpedively, the further revenue or yearly rent of fixty thoufand pounds, to commence from the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and four, and that the fame ftiajl be charged and chargeable upon, and payable and paid out of the confolidated fund, in like manner, and according to»the fame rules and under the fame authorities, powers, and provifions, as the faid fums of eight hundred thoufand pounds, and one hundred thoufand pounds, are by the faid feveral alts now charged and paid, as fully and effectually as if the claufes of the faid ad9 relating thereto were re enaded in this ad.

z 2	II.	And

£40 Annoregniquadragefuno quarto GeorgiiIII. c.8i,8i. [1804.

II. And whereas by an aflpajfed in the twenty-feconiyear of the i* Geo. 3.	reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a S for enabling his

1.1%.	Majefty to difcharge the debt contracted upon his civil lift

revenues, and for preventing the fame from being in arrear for the future, by regulating the mode of payments out of the faid revenues, and by fuppreffing or regulating certain offices therein-mentioned, which are now paid out of the revenues of the civil lift, provifion is made for the payment of his Majefty's civil lift in different clajfes, according to an order of payment therein Jpecified: and whereas it is expedient that more effectual provifton Jbould be made for preventing accumulation of arrears, in any of the fend claps, without the knowledge of parliament; fbe it therefore further froviftonfor ena&ed* That, from and after the faid fifth day of July one preventing thoufand eight hundred and four, whenever any of the faid of arrears in* d*®58 Iball have become in «rrear more than two quarters, the any of the lords-commiffioners for executing the office of lord-b'igh-trea-claires, with- furer for the time being (hall caufe an account of fuch arreir, out the know- anj thc cjafs or ciaflres 0n which the fame (hall have arifen, to lfamenL *** be laid before the houfe of commons, within one month after the fame (hall have arifen, if parliament (hall be then fitting, or if parliament (hall not then be fitting, within fourteen days after the next fitting of parliament.

CAP. LXXXI.

An ad for enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of two millions five hundred thoufand pounds for the ufe and purpofes therein-mentioned. —[July »o, 1804.]

His Majefty may empower the treafury to caufe loans to be received or exchequer*bills to be made out for 1,500,000/. any time before January s» 1805, agreeably to 44 Geo. 3. c. 16. Exchequer-bills to be figned by the anditor. Powers of 44 Geo. 3. c. 16. to extend to this aft. Loans or exchequer-bills chargeable on the fir ft aids granted next feflion, and if not granted before July 5, 1805; to be paid out of the confolidartd fund. Monies iffued from the consolidated fund to be replaced out of the firft fupplies. Bank, in cafe of invafion, may advance the money hereby an-thorifed to be raifed.

CAP. LXXXIL

An a£i to obviate certain inconveniencies which have keen experienced in the accountant-general's office in the court of chancery, in the execution, of an aft made in the loft feffio* of parliament, fir granting a contribution on the profits arifing from property, frs* fejjions, trades, and offices.—[July 20, 1804.]

43 Geo. 3. c* m.

WHEREAS by an off, pajfed in the laft ftffion of parliament, intituled, An ad for granting to his Majefty, until the fixth day#of May next after the ratification of a definitive treat; of peace, a contribution on the profits arifing from property, profeflions, trades, and offices, the accountant-general of the court of chancery was made anfweroble, or intended to be made anfweroble^ for the doing all fuch afts, matters, and things, as, according U the true intent and meaning of the faidaft, use re. required, or intended /*

be

1804.] Anno regni quadragcfimo quarto Georoii III. c.8*. 341

be required, to be done by him: and whereat not only by reafon of the nature of the office of the /aid accountant-general\ but atfo of the extent and courfe of the bufinefs of the faid courts it is highly inconvenient, if not impracticable, (due regard being bad to the interefl and regular payment of the fuitors of the' faid court), that the faid accountant-general fbouli do fucb aCls, matters, and things, and more efptciaOy if not author fid Jo to do by the order or orders of the faid cewrt, directing how and in what manner, and at what times the fame Jhould he done: be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual' and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem* bled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid accountant* TIJe *c*oun^ general fliall not be anfwerable for or required to do any of the cha^rynotn ads, matters, or things, for the doing whereof he is or was required to intended to be anfwerable, or is or was required to do by the comply with faid recited ad, unlefs he (hall be required to do the fame, by fome order or orders of the faid court made for that purpofe, ^ and it (hall be lawful for the faid court to make any order or cafes only orders, either general or fpecial, touching all or any of fuch a£fe, where he fliall matters, or things.	have the order

II.	And whereas by an order of the faid court, hearing date the °*thc COUI ** eighth day of November one tboufand eight hundred and three, it was ordered as follows: a Upon hearing his Majefty's attorney- Order of general, praying the directions of this court, in refpeCf of the manner court, dated in which the accountant-general of this court Jhould retain the duty upon dividends of flock payable under the orders of this court, in con- deSninjf of fermity to the aCl puffed in the laji fejjion of parliament, intituled\ An duty on divi-a& for granting to bis Majefty, until the (ixth day of May next deads,recited* after the ratification of a definitive treaty of peace, a contribution on the profits arifihg from property, profefiions, trades, and offices, it appeared to this court, that by the faid tiCi, at to fetch dividends as by tie faid orders of this court, made or to be made* are payable to perfons or parties, in fitch orders refpeCtivefy named, the accountant-general is not required by the faid aCf to retain any duty thereupon, the perfons or parties to whom the fame are payable appearing to this court to he liable to be otherwife affeffed for the fame, as part of the income of fucb perfms or parties, and this court doth thereupon order that the accountant-general do draw for the fums mentioned in fuch orders refpeCtivefy \ but it appearing to this court that in all cafes in which any orders have been or Jhall be made for laying out any dividends due or payable on or after Midfummer Day laft, except the dividends on Bank flock. South Sea flock, and Eaft-India flock, in the purchafe of any flock, that the duty impofld by the faid dCt ought to be retained out of the dividends ordered or to be ordered to be Jo laid out, this court doth order that the accountant-general Jhall, until further order, in all fuch cafes draw only for fa much of the fums directed by fuch orders refpeCtivefy to be drawn for as Jhall be the amount of the fame refpedively, after deducting the fum of one flitting in the pound, the duty impofed by the faid aCt, and that the fum fo to be deducted Jhall remain in the Bank netwitbflanding any orders as aforefaid, fubjeCt to this court's further orderbe it

therefore

542 Anno regni quadragefimo quartoGeprgii III. c. 82. [1804. Accountant- therefore further enatfed, That the faid accountant-general {hall ^aopN^uch aPP'y fura* as ^avc been or	retained	by	virtue of

fums as have kid order, to the ufe of his Majefty in fuch manner as the been or fhall fatd court (hall, by any order or orders general or fpecial, direft; be retained and which order or orders the faid court is hereby authorifed to fJch^rdw ma^c ^or PurP°^c °f trying into eflFeft the provifions of the in fuch man- fa*d a& as nearly as may be according to the judgement of the ner as the 1 faid court.

court fhall III. And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the diredb palling of this a£l, nothing in the faid recited a& contained (hall ACCc°rad n6t" bc ^cenlc<* or ta^en t0 render or to have rendered the faid ac-fjable tp"any countant-general in any manner whatfoever, or to any intent afieiTtnent or whatfoever, anfwerable for, or to be or to have been liable to penahy,under any affeflrnent, charge, penalty, or demand whatfoever, for or in forco* *fin rc*P?^ *be doing or having done, or the omitting or neg-wfcluheor- idling to do, or the having omitted or negledted to do any a§, der of court. matter, or thing which the faid accountant-general was required to do or made anfwerable for, or was intended to be required to do or made anfwerable for, by the faid recited a&, except fo far as the faid accountant-general fhall have refufed or negle&ed to obey or comply, or (hall refufe or negleft to obey or comply, with any order or orders heretofore or hereafter to be made by the faid court as aforefaid, in refpeft of any a<5ts, matters, or things required by the faid a& to have been done, or to be done by the faid accountant-general.

Officers of IV. And be it further ena&ed, That, to the intent more chancery and effe&ually to enable the faid court to carry into effe& any order and^omp^ny or orc*ers thereof, touching any a<3s, matters, or things, required of the Bank7 by the faid recited ad, or which the faid court is hereby enabled to obey the to make, the faid accountant-general, and all other officers of order of the tf,e faid court of chancery, and the governor and company of the bank of England, are refpe&ively hereby required duly to perform and execute all fuch ads, matters, and things, as by them refpeflively (hall, in or by any order or orders 6f the faid court, , be required to be performed or executed, touching any a#$, matters, or things, required by the faid recited a&.

V.	And whereas it is nafonable that compenfatidn fkould he mait for the trouble and expend whieb will be occafioned in the office of tb< accountant-general by the execution of the feveral matters required ($ be done by the faid recited aits or this aft\ and that the fame Jbould tret be made out of the money belonging to the fuitors of the faid court; bc ^°She made 11 ^urt^er crta&ed, That it (hall be lawful for the lord-chancellor, by the trea- lord-keeper, or lords-commiffioners fqr the great fcal, or the fury, for mafter of the rolls, for the time being, to certify to the lordt-'troublc oc- commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, from time to time, what the offic %t ^ums aPPcar to tbetn refpedtively jo be reafonable to be the account-i allowed, and to what perfon or perfons in refped of foch ant-general, trouble or expenefc as aforefaid ; and that it (hall be thereupon lawful for the faid lords-commiffioners of the treafury to give fuch direSions as may be neceflary for the payment thereof, of any part thereof, out of any of the fums of mQney charged or

chargeable

i8o4*] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III, c. 83. 343

chargeable under the faid recited ad or this ad, and to be raifed out of any dividends of funds under the management of the faid court of chancery; and which directions all pprfons concerned are hereby authorifed and required to obey*

CAP. LXXXIII,

An aft fir regulating the appointment of eommijfioners to aft in the execution of an aft of the lajl feffion of parliament, for granting to his Majefiy a contribution on the profits arifing from property, pro-fiffionsi trades, and offices•—[July 20, 1804,]

WHEREAS an aft was made in the UJl feffion of parliament,

intituled^ An ad for granting to his Majefty, until the 43 Oeo. , fixth day of May next after the ratification of a definitive treaty c- m* of peace, a contribution on the profits arifing from property, profeffipns, trades, and offices: and whereas it is expedient that certain of the provifions and regulations for cboofing commiffioners jbould be altered and amended, fo as more effeftually to fecure a due execution thereof: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the adviqe and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem* bled, and by the authority of the fame, Tfiat.in every diftrid Commlflion* where the commiffioners ading in the execution of the faid ad “^tu?the!? (hall not have completed their year’s afiefl'ments, and colledion year's afTefT-thereof, before the times limited by the faid ad for appointing raents and new commiffioners for the fubfequent year, and the fajd commifr cohesion are fioners fhall be willing to continue to ad as fuch commiffioners comPlctcd* in the execution of the faid ad, no new appointment of comr miffioners lhall be required $ and if in^ any fuch diftrid a new Any new ap-appointment of commiffioners {hall have taken or (ball take pointment place, either at a general meeting of the commiffioners of land- ™ tax, or at a diftrid meeting of fuch cqmmiffioners, whereby appointed com-commiffioner or commiffioners appointed for the prior year’s miffioners are afleiTment, and willing to ad as fuch commiffioner or cpmmif- willing toad* fioners (hall have been or (hall be removed before the year’s afleiTment (hall have been completed as aforefaid, the appoint* went of any other commiffioner or commiffioners, in the room of the commiffioner or commiffioners removed and willing to ad, (ball be and is hereby declared void, and it (hall be lawful for the commiffioner or commiffioners fo firft appointed to continue to ad as a commiffiqner or commiffioners by virtue of fuch appointment, notwithftanding fuefi fecond or after-appointment of commiffioners; and where any appointment of commifr Appointment fioners for the firft year’s afleiTment under the (aid ad (hall have taken place after the times limited by the faid ad, and the com- flrft^eav'aW miffioners fo appointed have begun to ad in the execution of the afleffinent faid ad, every fuch appointment is hereby declared valid, arid after the thne the commiffioners ading under fuch appointment for the firft	dc-

year’s afleiTment are hereby indemnified for all ads which com*-cUrc v ^ tniffioqers duly appointed may lawfully do under the laid ad.

‘	JI.	Anft

344 Anno regniquadragefimo quarto Georgii I!}, c.83. [1804.

Power of II. And be it further enafted, That in and for every diftrift holding gene- whcre there (hall not be fufficient commiffioners according to of thecon? the direftions of the faid aft to carry the fame into execution, nutfioncra of the power of holding a general meeting of the commiflioners of land-tax, in land-tax (hall be extended, for the prefent year, until the tenth ^he^hal^not	^°^(r onc thoufand eight hundred and four, until which

feTfofficicn; t*mc the P°^crs of the faid aft In relation to fuch nomination number of may be carried into execution; and every fuch general meeting commiflioners already held purfuant to the faid aft for fuch purpofe, although r°clt aftthC a^tcr the time limited by the faid aft, (hall be deemed valid, and extended till ^‘c appointment of comVniflioners at fuch meeting is hereby Oft. 10,1804, confirmed, except where by fuch nomination any commifiioner &c.	or commiflioners afting for the firft year’s afleument (hall be

willing to continue to aft, in which cafe the nomination of any other perfon or perfons to aft in his or their place (ball be null and void; and all appointments made or to be made at any dif-trift meeting of fuch commiffioners, where a general meeting Hull have been held, or (hall be held before the day limited by this aft, are hereby declared to be null and void.

Powers for III, And be it further enafted, That the (heriff of every convening ge- county in England, or his deputy, and the (heriff depute or fub-ings ancTap- ^>tutc *n every county in Scotland, and the chief magiftrare of pointing com- every city, borough, cinque port, town, and place iu Great Bri-miffioners, tain, where fuch general meeting is required to be holden, (hall, on notification thereof from the commiffioners for tbe affairs of taxes, convene the fame accordingly at the ufual or moft proper place for holding fuch meetings; and where the powers of the faid aft for the appointment of commiflioners (hall not have been duly executed, or where the commiffioners appointed (hall not have taken upon themfielves the execution of the faid aft, the (heriff, or his deputy, or the chief magiftrare aforefaid in England and the (heriff depute, or fubftitute, or chief magiftrare aforefaid in Scotland, (hall, by the direftion of the lords-commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, and by their nomination, caufe to be appointed fufficient perfons, qualified as direfted by the faid aft, to be commiflioners for the purpofes of the faid aft, or affiftant commiflioners, as the cafe may require; which commiflioners fo nominated and appointed (hall have full I power to carry tbe faid aft into execution, as well with refpeft to the afleffments to be made in the year of fuch appointment as for any prior year or years in which any default (hall have been made in carrying the faid aft into execution, and for fuch period of time as the faid lords-commiffioners (hall limit and I appoint.

Vacancies of IV. And be it further enafted, That all vacancies happening howto 1be*1* ™lhin the year (hall, if the fame cannot be fupplied from tbe fpppticd. lift of commiffioners for the purpofe of fupplying vacancies as direfted by the faid aft, be filled up, by the appointment of the remaining afting commiffioners, from fuch perfons as (hall be duly qualified to be appointed fuch commiffioners; and in all fafes it (hall be lawful for any of the perfons appointed to fupply

. vacancies

i 8c>4'] Annoregniqnadfagefimoquarto Gboroii TII. c. 84.	345

vacancies to aA as affiftant coramiffioners in the fame diftriAs, if the commiffioners for the purpofes of the faid aA in the fame diftriAs Hull think proper to appoint them, or any of them, to that office.

CAP. LXXXIV.

in a& to permit certain perfons in the office of ordnance, and the quarter-majler-general, to fend and receive letters free from the duty of pojtage; and to enable the board of ordnance, the adjutant-general, the quarter ~mafter-general, and the borrack-mafter-generalj to authorife perfons in their offices to fend Utters free from the faid duty.—[July 20, 1804.]

WHEREAS an afl was made in the fortyfecond year of the

reign of bis prefent Majefty, intituled. An aA to authorife 44 Geo. 3. the fending and receiving of letters and packets, vote*, pro. c. 63. ceedings in parliament, and printed newfpapers, by the port, free from the duty of poftage, by the members of the two houfes of parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain publick officers therein named; and for reducing the pottage on fuch votes, proceedings, and newfpapers, when lent by any other perfon: and whereas the privilege of fending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of pojtage is not by the faid all extended to the mafter-general ef his Majefty* s ordnance, to either of the fecretaries of the faid majler-general, to the fe&etary to the board of ordnance, to the injpeflor-general offortifications, or to the quarter-mafter-general of bis Majefty*s forces, who, by virtue of their rtfpefiive offices, necejfarily fend and receive many letters and packets relating to the publick concerns of this kingdom: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaAed; and be it enaAed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the paging of this ad, the Mafter-rgeite-matter-general of his Majefty’s ordnance, one of the fecretaries °^thc to the faid matter-general, the fecretary to the board of ordnance {^fp^or- ' the infpeAor-general of fortifications, and the quarter^matter^ general and general of his Maiefty’s forces, all for the time being, (hall quarter-mak and may fend and receive letters and packets free from the duty of poftage, in the fame manner and under fuch reftriAions J^eiveler-as the commander in chief of his Majefty’s forces for the time ten free from being, and other officers of his Majefty** forces, therein fpe- poitage. eified, are thereby permitted, in refpeA of their offices, to fend and receive letters and packets free from the duty of pottage.

II.	And be it further enaAed, That it (hall and may be The ord-lawful to and, for the lieutenant-general and principal officers of his Majefty’s ordnance to authorife and dire# certain perfons, neJrai, thc ’ not exceeding two in number, in their office or department; quarter-mat* and to and for the adjutant-general of his Majefty’s forces for ter-general, the time being, to.authorife and direA certain perfons, not ex- rok-mafter* ceeding two in number, in his office or department; and to general, m*y

and appoint ccr*

346 Anno rcgni quadrag^fimoquarto GeorgiiIII. c.85,86. [1804.

tain perfons and for the faid quarter-mafter-general of his Majefty’s forces to indorfe let- for the time being, to authorlfe and diredt certain perfons, not packets to be exceeding two in number, in his office or departitient; and to fcnt free from and for the bar rack-m after-general of his Majefty’s forces for their offices, the time being, to authorife and direct one perfon in his office

&C'

or department (a lift of whofe flames (hall from time to time be tranfmitted to the general poft-offices in London and Dublin), feveratly and refpe&ively to make and fubferibe an indorfemerrt upon letters and packets, to be fent by the poft free from their refpedtive offices, which (hall concern the publick bufinefs of fuch offices or departments, fignifying that fuch letters and packets are upon his Majefty’s fervicej which letters and packets, being fo fubferibed and fealed with the refpedtive feals of the faid lieutenant-general and principal officers of his Majefty’s ordnance for the time being, the faid adjutant-genera] for the time being, the faid quarter-mafter-general for the time being, and the faid barrack-njafterrgeneral for the time being refpec-tivelj, (hall and may b? fent and conveyed by the poft free from

vn^ing in- HI. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That if dorfement on any«perfon authorifed to make and fubferibe fuch indorfement letters not (hall knowingly make the fame, or procure the Tame to be S?11??inf ma4*, upon any letter or packet which does not really con-flftheoCDce. ccrn bu^incfs °f office or department to which he (hall ^	'	belong,	fuch perfon (hall for the fifft offence forfeit and pay

the fum of fifty pounds,-to be recovered and applied in fuch manner as by the aft of the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, for eftabli(hing a general poft-office, is direfted with refpeft to the penalties inflidi^d by the faid aft j and for the fccond offence (hall be difmifled frpiq his qffice.

CAP. LXXXV.

An adt for further continuing, for feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffien of parliament, an adt, made in the twelfth year of his prefeiu Majefty, for encouraging the manufacture of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak 4	bark,	when the price of fuch bark lhal| exceed a certain rate.—[July

no, 1804.]

CAP. LXXXVI.

An aft for reviving, amending, and further continuing fareral laws relating to the more effectual encouragement of the British fiflieries, until the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and fix $ ind to the encouragement of the trade and manufactures of the Ifle of Man, to the improving the revenue thereof, and the more effectual prevention of fmuggling to and from the fajd ifland, until the fifth day of July one thoufimd eight hundred and five.—[July so, 1S04.]

CAP.

i8q4>] Anno regni quadragcGmo quarto Georgn III. c. 87. 347 CAP. LXXXVII.

An aft to amend an aft9 pajjed in the thirty •ninth and fortieth years of bis prefent Maje]ly9 intituled, An ad for fettling difputes that may arife between matters and workmen engaged in the cotton manufadure in that part of Great Britain called England.—[July 20, 1804.]

WHEREAS by an aft9 pajfci in the thirty-ninth and fortieth

years of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intitukd9 An ad 39&40GC0.3. for fettling difputes that may arife between matters and work-6*?0"' men engaged in the cotton manufadure in that part of Great Britain called England9 provifions were enabled for fettling all difputes that arife in refpeft of fuch manufafture9 between the maf-ters and workmen engaged therein9 by way of arbitration, by two arbitrators 9 one to be cbofen by each party at his difcretion: and whereas the mode intended to be thereby eflablijhed hath not produced the beneficial effefts expefted therefrom: and whereas it is therefore expedient that fo much of the faid recited aft of the thirty-ninth and fortieth years aforeJaid9 as relates to the fettling fuch difputes by arbitration in manner therein mentioned9 Jhould be amended: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King's molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fo much of the faid So much of recitea ad of the thirty-ninth and fortieth years aforefaid, as	39

relates to fettling fuch difputes as aforefaid by arbitration, in ** manner therein direded, and alfo fo far as regards the powers latrs to fet-of the arbitrators to adminifter an oath or oaths to the parties tlingdifputea or their witneftes, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and arbltrfuj that, from andf after the palling of this ad, all fuch difputesWon rc**

{hall be fettled and determined in manner by this ad direded.

II.	And be it further enaded. That, in all cafes where an ar- Where parties bitration may be demanded by the faid recited ad, where the a8r^t0 ah?dc party complaining and the party complained of, (hall come natio^Sv* before or agree, by any writing under their hands, to abide by juftice, the the determination of any juftice of the peace or magiftrate of matter In difc any county, city, town, or place, within which the parties 5ute *nay be refide, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice of 4he peace hyhTm, or magiftrate to hear and finally determine in a fommary man- * ner the matter in difpute between fuch parties; but if fuch Where parties parties (hall not come before,• or fo agree to abide by the de-do not 10 termination of fuch juftice of the peace or magiftrate, then it (hall be lawful for any fuch juftice or magiftrate, and fuch juftice the party com-of the peace or magiftrate is hereby required, on complaint plained of, made before him, ana proof by the examination of the party, and appoint* making fuch complaint, that application has been made to the atrequeftof perfon or perfons agamft whom fuch caufe of complaint has {^owtofct-arifen, or his, her, or their agent or agents, if fuch depute has tie the matter arjfen with fuch agent or agents, to fettle fuch difpute, and in difpute.

348 Anne regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 87. [1804,

that the fame hat not been fettled upon fucb complaint being made, or where thedifpute relates to a bad warp, fuch caufcof complaint (hall not be done away within forty-eight hours after fuch application, to fummon before him fuch perfon or perfons, or agent or agents, on fome day not exceeding three days, exclufive of Sunday 1 before the making fuch complaint, giving notice to the perlon making fuch complaint of the time and place appointed in fuch fummon's for the attendance of fuch perfon or perfpns, agent or agents, as aforefaid * and if at fuch time and place the perfon or perfons fo fummoned (hall not appear by himfelf, or fend fome perfon on his, her, or their behalf, to fettle fuch difpute, or appearing (hall not do away fuch caufe of complaint, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch juft ice, and he is hereby required, at the requeft of either of fuch parties, to nominate arbitrators or referee? for fettling the matters in difpute; and fuch juftice (hall then and there at fuch meeting propofe not lefs than four nor more than fix perfons, one half of whom (hall be raafter-oianufa&urers or agents or foremen of fome cnafter-manufa&urer* and the other half of whom (hall be weavers in fuch manufadure (fuch refpe&ive perfons redding in or near to the place where fuch difpute (hail havtarifen) out of which maftpr-manufa&urers, agents, or foremen, the matter engaged in fuch difpute, or his agent, (hall chufc one, and out of whiclr weavers fo propofed, the weaver or his agent, fhall chufe another, who (hall have fuU power to hear and finally determine fuch difpute; and the faid juilice (hall thereupon appoint a place of meeting according to the directions of this ad, and alfo a day for the meeting, notice of which nomination, and of the day of meeting, (hall thereupon be given to 'the perfons fo nominated arbitrators or referees, and to any party to any fuch difpute, who may not have at* tended the meeting before fuch juftice as aforefaid; which appointment fl^all be by fuch juftice certified in the form following; (that is to fay).

Form of ap- * T R. one of the jqftices of the peace a&ing for potatment of X do hereby certify. That C. D. and E. F. are duly nominated *c**recf‘ referees to fettle the matters in difference between G. H. of

mafter-manufa&urer [*r, agent of, 4/ the cafe may it) and /. X of	weaver, purfuant to an ad patted in the forty-

fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty; and that the faid referees are hereby dire&ed to meet at	on

the	day	of	at of the clock.

ab:

*

And the perfons fo appointed as aforefaid (hall bear and examine the parties and their witnefles, and determine fuch difpute within two days after fuch nomination, exclufive of Su*iiji\ and the determination of fuch arbitrators (hall be final aod con-clufivc.

i

III.	Pro-

1804 ] Annoregni quadrageflmo quarto Geoagii III. c. 87.	349

III.	Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That if any perfon fo Perfons com- •

romplaining as aforefaid fhall not attend, or fend fome perfon	no*

yn his or her behalf, at the time and place appointed by fuch fofc^hTicne-uftice of the peace, for the purpofe of naming fuch perfons as fit of the ad/ iforefaid* fuch perfon dial] not in fuch cafe be entitled to the &c. benefit of this a6k j and if any perfon againft whom any fuch complaint fhall have been made as aforefaid, (hall not attend, or fend (bme perfon on his or her behalf, the juftice of the peace fhall thereupon nominate a perfon for him out of fuch perfons fo propofed as aforefaid.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enadled, That in cafe any orOnarbitra. either of the perfons fo propofed by any fuch juftice, fhall refufelors

or delay to accept fuch arbitration, or accepting, fhall not adl(0name* ***

therein, the juftice fhall proceed to name another or otherotbcrs.

perfons of the riefcriptions aforefaid, in the room of the perfon

fo refuiing as aforefaid to be arbitrator or arbitrators in the

place of fuch arbitrator or arbitrators fo refuting or delaying to

accept, or who (hall not adfc, out of whom the parties to luch

difpute fhall forthwith refpeftively nominate the arbitrators under

this adt; and in every cafe of a fecond nomination, the arbitra*

tors fhall meet within twenty-four hours after the application

for the fame, and at the fame place at which the meeting of the

arbitrators firft named was appointed.

V.	And be it further enadted, That in each and dvery cafe Arbitrators where the arbitrators cannot agree, they fhall forthwith go

fore the juftice or juftices by whom they were appointed ; and to go before in cafe of his or their abfence or indifpofition, before any other thejuftice, juftice of the peace for the fame county, riding, diyifion, city, liberty, or place, neareft to the place at which the arbitrators met to fettle the difpute ; and if either arbitrator (hail neglect	J

or refufe to go before fuch juftice of the peace, in the manner herein diredted, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch juftice, after fummoning the arbitrators to attend him, to determine the matter or matters in difpute, upon the ftatement and repre-fentation of either of the arbitrators who fhall come before him.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That in every cafe where pnC *rWtn-a fecond arbitrator fhall be appointed as aforefaid, and fuch|^^^^€ fecond arbitrator fhall not attend at the time and place ap- the other does pointed for fettling the matters in difpute, it fhall be lawful not attend, for the other arbitrator at fuch time and place to proceed by

himfelf to the hearing and determining of the faid matters in difpute, and in fuch cafe the award of fuch foie arbitrator fhall be final and ccnclufivc as to all matters in difpute, fubmitted to fuch arbitrators.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That all complaints Limiting the

by the weaver, as to bad materials, fhall be made within three	"

weeks after his receiving the fame, and all complaints arifing plants, from any other caufe fhall be made within three days after fuch

caufe of complaint fhall arife; and that it (hall not be allowable to any manufadlurer, who fhall have received into his pof-feflion any cotton cloth made by himfelf, or his clerk or foreman

fettled near the place of work. Penalty on rrfnfing to fulfil the award*

Aflrio feghi quadrageGmo quarto Georgii III. c. 87. [1804.

man, afterwards, to make any complaint on account of work fo received.

Comgaints VIII. Provided always* and be it further enaded, That in wi^pfor8 ^	where	complaints are made refpeding bad warps or

utenfils to be utenfils by workmen, the place of meeting of the referees (hall be at or as near as may be to the place where the work (hall be carrying on ; and in all other cafes at or as nfcar as may be to the place or places where the work has been given out.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That if either party (hall refufe to fulfil the award to be made in purfuance of this ad, for the fpace of forty-eight hour* next after the fame (hall be made, and have been reduced into writing in the form m the fcheduk to this ad annexed, or to the like effed, the party fo negleding or refuftng (hall forfeit and pay to the party in whofe favour fuch award (hall have been made as aforefaid, the fum of tea pounds, to be recovered as the penalties infiided by the (aid recited ad may be recovered.

X.	And be it further enaded, That with every piece of work given out by the manufacturer to a workman to be done,

^ WUK there (hall (if required by the workman to whom the fame given out with (ball be given) be delivered a note or ticket, (igned by the work. perfon delivering out the fame, or his agents, dating the quantity of the materials delivered out, and the nature of the work to be performed, and the price agreed upon for the executing fuch work in a workman-like manner; and which /aid note or ticket, in the event of difpute between the manufacturer and workmen* (hall be evidence of all matters and things mentioned therein or refpeding the fame.

Duplicate of XI. And be it enaded. That a duplicate of every fuch note

hTkeptby the **	ma<*c	anc*	maGcr	or	agent de-

maftcr. * Kvering tlie fame; which duplicate (hall be evidence of all the matters and things therein contained, in cafe the workman (hall not produce to the arbitrators or the faid juftice, as the cafe may be, the faid note or ticket fo delivered to him with the faid work.

XII. And be it further enaded. That every matter or agent refufing or negleding to give a note or ticket in the manner

Tickets dating quantity of materials, &c. to be

Penalty on not giving a ticket.

hereby preferibed, when required fo to do, (hall forfeit and pay

‘	~	  ‘	'	if-

any fum not exceeding forty (hillings nor lefs than twenty (hillings, for each failure or negled, to any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame, to be recovered and applied in the fame manner as other penalties may be recovered and applied by the faid recited ad: provided always, that no appeal (hall be competent againft any convidion for any fuch penalty.

Complaints Xlfi. Provided always, and be it further enaded, Thai where azSift agents an^ wor^ have been delivered to any workman by the or partners, agent or fervant of any mailer or matters, to be, when fini&cd, delivered to fuch agent or fervant, and alfo where two or more perfons (hall carry on the bufmefs of fuch manufadure as parr-^	ners,	in	every fuch cafe refpedively, the like proceedings (hall

and may be had and made againft fuch agent, fervant, or any

partner.

1804.] Artno rtgfai quadrAgefimo quarto Georgii III. c« 87.	3	31

partner* and (hall be as effectual as,if the fame had been had and made againft the principal or all the partners 5 and all the hid perfons re(peftively (hall obey the award made thereupon and all fuch order or orders as (hall be made by the (aid juft ice or juft ices, in or refpefting the matters in difpute, and (hall be fubjcft to the fame pains, penalties, and forfeitures, for refuting or delaying to abide by or perform the fame, as if the proceedings had been had againft the principal or againft all the partners.

XIV.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That in all How proceed* cafes where any proceedings may be had againft a mafter or

mailers under this or by the faid recited aft, or where fuch bankrupts, proceedings (hall have been commenced, and the mafter or mailers (hall become or be bankrupt, or any affignment of his or their eftate or efFefts (hall have been made under the faid bankruptcy, or.othefwife by deed or in law, the affignee or afiignees of fuch.eftate or efFefts (hall be liable to the proceedings authorifed by this>aft againft the mafter or mailers, as fully as the mafter or matters was or were before the bankruptcy or alignment; and fuch proceedings may be commenced or carried on againft. fuch affignee or afiignees, who (hall fulfil and abide by the award made thereupon; and all fuch order or orders (hall be made by the faid joftice or juftices in or refpefting the matters in.difpute, and (ball be fubjeft to the fame pains, penalties, and forfeitures, for refufmg or delaying to abide by or perform the fame, as if the proceedings had been had againft the mafter or mailers before his or their bankruptcy, or the affignment of his or their eftate or efFefts; provided that all fums of money to be paid in purfuance of fuch award or orders (hall be recoverable only out of the eftate or efFefts of fuch matter or mafters, and not out of the proper money of fuch affignee or afiignees.

XV.	And be it further enafted. That where any married Complaints of woman, or infant under the age of twenty-one years, (hall have married wo-caufe of complaint in any of the cafes provided for by this or the

(aid recited aft, againft any mafter or mailers, his or their agent or fcrvant, or affignee or afiignees as aforefaid, fuch complaint may be lodged, and all further proceedings thereupon had by and in the name of the huiband of fuch married woman, and of the father, or, if dead, of the mother, or, if on the death of both parents, of any of the kindred of any fuch infant, and of the furety or fureties in any indenture of apprenticeihip of any fuch infant being an apprentice; and all fuch proceedings (hall be a* effectual, valid, and binding, as if fuch married woman was foie, and fuch infants were of full age, and purfued by themfelves the remedies provided by this or the before-recited aft.

XVI.	And be it further enafted. That all coils, time, and Cofts to be

cxpences, attending the applications to juftices to be made	ar"

under this aft, and of the arbitration purfuant thereon, lha!l be	°r

fettled by the arbitrators or arbitrator by whom fuch difputesJ

(hall be fettled; and where the fame (hall be determined by any

35*	Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georg i i III. c. 87. [1804.

Fees to be allowed.

juftice of the peace, purfuant to the faid recited aft, then the cods, time* and expences aforefaid, (hall be fettled by fiich juftice^ and where the arbitrators appointed as aforefaid cannot agree as to the cofts, time, and expences to be allowed, the fame (hall be fettled by the juftice or juftices of the peace by whom the faid arbitrators wete named j and in cafe of his abfence or indifpofition, by any juftice of the peace for the fame county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or place, neareft to the place at Which the arbitrators met to fettle the difpute.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That the following and no hightr foes (hall be allowed to be taken for any proceeding under this a A; videlicet,

& *- d.

To the clerk of the juftice or juftices.

For each fummons	-	-	- o o 6

For every oath or affirmation •	-	-006

For drawing and entering the order	-	-006

For every warrant -	•	-	-	-010

For every conviftion	-	•	- o 10

To the con (table or other peace-officer.

For fervice of fummons or order *	-006

For executing warrant of diftrefs and fale of

goods -	-	•	-	-016

For cuftody of goods diftrained, per diem	- o 0 4 j

For every mile he (hall travel -	•	-004

And a table of foes, ftgned by the clerk to fuch juftice or juftices, (hall be bung up in every place where any general or Proceedings quarterwfeffions or petty feffions of the peace (ball be held, not to be XVIfL And be it enafted, That no proceedings under ibis /or a ft (hall be fet afide or quaflied for want of form, s h*d°i °™* XIX. And be it further enafted, That in place of the forms nexedto be* ^ct down in the fchedule to the faid aft, the forms contained in ufed initead of the fchedule hereunto annexed (hall be ufcd and obferved in tlx that under feveral inftances to which they apply; and all the provifionsof rc^tei?• the	which	are contrary to the provifions ot this aft, or

fions of^that" f°r	other	provifions are hereby fubftituted, (hall be aod

aft contrary the fame are hereby repealed; but the lame (hall in all other hereto re- refpefts remain and continue in full force and effeft.

P^cd*	XX. And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall be deemed

Publick aft. and taken to be a publick a ft in all courts within the kingdom, and all judges and juftices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch without fpccially pleading the fame.

SCHEDULE

iSo4«] Annoregni quadragefimoquarto Georgii IIT. c. 87. 353

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

FORM of the AWARD, to be written at the Foot or upon the Back of the Order of the Juftices appointing the Arbitrator!*

WE, I. K. and L. M. [name and deferibt the referees], the referees appointed to fettle the matters in difpute between the parties within named, [or, I, 7. K. the referee on the part of the within A, B. L. M. the referee appointed on the part of the within named C. 2).J having, notwithftanding the notice, failed to attend on me, N. O. the juftice [*r the cafe may be], do hereby adjudge and determine, that [here fet forth the determination to which the referees or referee, or jufticey as the cafe may be, Jhall fubferibe their names.]

FORM of INDORSEMENT, extending the Time limited for making the Award, to be written on the Foot or 00 the Back of the Order of the Juftice appointing the Arbitrators.

WE, A\ B. and C. D. parties to the within arbitration, do hereby agree to extend the fame to the day of	inclufive.	Witnefs	our hands this

day of

Witnefs A. B.

GA

FORM of ACKNOWLEDGEMENT of Fulfilment of the Award, to be written on the Foot, or on the Back thereof.

I A. B. do hereby acknowledge, That die above award hath been fulfilled by C. D. who is hereby difeharged of the fame. Witnefs my hand, this	day	of

Witnefs A. B.

FORM of CONVICTION for refilling or delaying tQ fulfil the Award.

BE it remembered, That on the	day of

in the	year	of	his	Majefty’s	reign,	and in the

year of our Lord	A.	B.	is	convidted	before	me

[or, name the juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifm, city9 or place of	1 that the faid At B. has refufed or	delayed

Vot/XLV.	Aa	‘	to

354 Anno rcgni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III, c. 88. [1804.

to fulfil the award within the time limited, contrary to the fta-tute made in the forty.fourth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft [here fet forth the title of the aft] and I [or, we) the faid juftice [or, juftices] do hereby adjudge and determine the faid A. B. for the faid offence, to forfeit and lofe the fum of of lawful money of Great Britain, and do otder the fame to be forthwith paid by hint [her, or, them, as the cafe way he].

CAP, LXXXVIII.

An aft for explaining and amending feyeral afts relating to hackntj coaches employed as ftage coaches, and for indemnifying the owners of hackney coaches who have omitted to take out licences, tuirfucri to an aft made in the twenty -fifth year of his prefent Majcfiy [July 20, 1804.]

WHERE AS by an aft, pajfed in the twelfth year of the u\gn of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An a<5t to explain and c. 49*	amend	an	a<51, made in the feventh year of the reign of his pre-

fent Majefty, intituled, ‘ An a£t for altering the (lamp-duties upon policies oF infurance, and for reducing the allowance to be made in refpedt of the prompt payment of the ftamp-duties on licences for retailing beer, ale, and other excifeable liquors, and for explaining and amending feveral adls of parliament relating

{0 hackney coaches and chairs/ fo far as the fame relates to tackney coaches, it is recited, that a great number of perfon\ licenfed by the commffioners for regulating and licenfmg badnty coaches to ufe and keep for hire hackney coaches, regularly iifed ad employed the fame as fated Jlages to and from different towns ad places in the neighbourhood ofthe cities of London and Weft minder and the borough of Southwark, as well within the bills of mortalllj as without, which was of great pub lick utility and convenience; ad it is alfo recited that a doubt had arifen whether, by the laws then in force relating to hackney coaches% fuch perfons being licenfed in tit ufual and general form were not compellable to do the frdtnary uwk of hackney coaches, and to carry fares for hire to any parts or plans within the cities if London or Weftminfter, or within tbt dijUnct qf ten wiles thereof, which would be attended not only with gretf inconvenience to the inhabitants of fuch towns and places, but alfo be a great hffening to his Majefty s revenue arifingfren ha<i»q coaches; it was by the fame recited aft declared, that, from and after the pajfvig thereof, the Jaid commijfoners for licenftng and regubung ( hackney coaches, or any other perfsn or perfons having authority ti pat any of the laws in. execution concerning licenfed hackney coathmtH, their renters, or their drivers, Jhould not he compelled or compdlaou to fine or pumjh any licenfed hackney coachman, his renter, or driver, for refufing to carry a fare out of the ordinary courfe of his ftage work or duty, who Jhould regularly ufe and employ his coach fo licenfed as a ftage coach to and from, any of the towns and places in tie neighbourhood of the faid cities of London and Wo$mmftcr, and who Jhould alfo*, by painting in legible, ekarafters on the door ef fuck coach,

or

1^04 ] Anno regni quadragefittfo quarto Georgii III. c. 88. 355

or by a boprd to be painted in legible char afters on the door of fitch cmh, plainly denote and difiinguifl the fame to be a fiage coach to and frm any fitch town or pldce; any thing in the faid therein-recited aft, or in any other aft relating to hackney coaches, to the contrary notwitb-funding: and whereas an aft, puffed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his prefint Majefiy, intituled, An ad for repealing the *5 Geo. duties on Kcences taken out by perfons letting horfes for the0-'*1* purpofe of travelling poft, and on horfes let to hire fey travelling poft and by time, and on ftage coaches, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, and al(o additional duties on horfes Ice to hire for travelling poft arid by time: and whereas certain duties in the fame aft fpecified in lieu of the duties by the fetid recited aft repealed were thereby granted on perfons who Jhould keep any carriage in the faid recited aft deferibed, and dJnong others the fum of five Shillings to be paid annually for a licence for that furpofe, and alfi one penny for every mile fitch carriage Jhould travel \ and fuch dutiet were thereby placed under the management of tho commiJfieHers of fiamp-duties: and whereas it was thereby further enafted and de+ claredy that nothing therein contained Jhould extend or be confirued t6 extend to any horfes ufed in hackney coaches licenfed purfuant to feveral afts of parliament made for that purpofe, where the borfee drawing fuch hackney coaches Jhould be employed to go no greater difianee than ten miles from the cities of London or Weftminfter, and thefitburbs thereof: and whereas a certain penalty of ten pounds for taco offence is by the faid lajl recited aft tmpofed on perjons who Jhould keep any fuch carriages as therein deferibed to be employed as publick fiage coaches without having Jirfi obtained a licence according to the provifiens of the faid aft: and whereas an aft, puffed in the tlirtyfieventh year of the reign of his prefint Majefiy, intituled, An 57 Geo. 3. ad for granting to his Majefiy an additional duty on fiage coaches, whereby an additional duty of one penny per mile was charged on the owner or owners of every coach or other carriage therein deferibed to be employed as publick fiage coaches: and whereas a great number af perjons, licenfed by the Jaid commiffioners to ufi and keep for hire hackney coaches, regularly ufe and employ the fame as fiated ftages to and from different towns and places in the neighbourhood of the cities of London and Weftminfter, feme of which towns and places are within and others without the weekly bills of mortality: and whereas it is olfo of great convenience to the perfons refiding in the faid cities of London and Weftminfter, and the towns, villages, and places in the neighbourhood thereff, to be conveyed to and from the fame at an eafy expense by means of filth licenfed fiated Jlages under proper regulations: and whereas doubts have arifih whether, under and by virtue of the fiveral afts herein-bfibre recited, or either of them, the owners of hackney coaches, licenfed by the comm miffioners for regulating and licenfing hackney coaches, are liable, when employed or let out as fiage coaches for conveying paffengers for hire to and from different t laces, to the annual duty of five Shillings for a licence, and the feveral duties of one penny and additional duty of onefenny, in the faid recited afts refpeftively mentioned, for every mile Juch carriage flail travel, or to any or either of fuch duties: uni whereas it is expedient that fuch doubts flould be removed: may

don, &c. un der fuch regulations as the trea-fui y (hall di red. '

356 Annq regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 88. [1804.

it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-> mons, in this prefem parliament aftembled, and by the authority Commiflion- Qf the fame. That, from and after the pafling of this aft, it (hall cenf?hack'ne	*aw^ ^or commiifioners for regulating and licenfing

coaches to be hackney coaches for the time being, with the approbation and employed as under the authority of the lords-commiffioners of his Majefty’s publick Rages treafury, or any three* or more of them, for the time being, to towns ^nd11 ^cen^e» authori(e, and empower fuch and fo many of the owners v?lbg*tin the 9^ hackney coaches licenced or to be licenfed by the faid Corn-neighbour- miflioners for regulating and licenfing hackney coaches, as fhall hood of Lon- from time to time appear to the faid lords-commiftioners of the treafury, on the reprefenntion of the faid comtmftioners for regulating and licenfing hackney coaches, to be neceftary, to ply for hire, and to ufe and employ, as publick ftated ftages, fuch their licenfed hackney coaches to and from any fuch towns, villages, or places in the neighbourhood of and to fuch diftaoces from the faid cities of London and Wejlminjler-axid the borough of Southwark, as well within as without the weekly bills of mortality, under and fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch regulations and reftriftions as (hall be required by the faid lords-commiftioners i/i that behalf: provided always, rhat the owners or renters of fuch licenfed hackney coaches do plainly denote and diftinguifh fuch their refpeftive coaches to be ftated ftages to and from fuch town, village, or place for which they (hall he refpeftively licenfed as aforefaid, by painting the fame in legible charafters on the door or orher confpicuous and open part of fuch their fcveral ^nd refpeftive coaches.

II. And whereas all or mojl of the owners or keepers of hackney coaches' licenfed by the faid commiff oners for regulating and licenfing hackney coaches ufed and employed its Jlage coaches to and from the/aid cities of London and Weltminfter and the borough of Southwark, find the fuburbs thereof have omitted to take out the annual licence required, by the faid recited att of the twenty •fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, to be taken out by thofe keeping coaches or other carriages employed as publick jlage coaches or carriages j and doubts have arifen whether by fuch omtffion they have not rendered tbemfehes liable to the penalty in the (aid recited afls mentioned \ be it therefore further enafteu and declared, That no owner or keeper of any fuch hackney coach or coaches, who dial) have been licenfed by. .the faid commiflioners for regulating and licenfing hackney Sage coaches epaches, (hall be, or be deemed, conftrued, or taken to be under racked fgbjeft or liable to the faid penalty, although he, (he, or they, aft of 35 (ball have kep‘, ufed, and employed any fuch hackney coach as j ^'’a publick ftage coach for the purpofe of carrying palfengers for havered the ^*re t0 anc* ^rom different places within the diftance of ten miles coaches as from the faid cities of London and JVeJlminfler, and (hall have let Rages within out fuch coach for fuch purpofe as aforefaid, without having firft obtained a licence under the hands of two of the commif-fioners for managing the duties .on (lamped vellum, parchment,

and

Such coaches to be diRin-uifhed as at>ea by painting the fame on the door.

P

R;

Licenfed owners of hackney coaches not liable to the penalty for omitting to take out licences for

10 miles of ^london and ^Tiinftcr.

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gboroii III. c. 89.	357

and paper, or feme perfon duly authorifed by them; and all per- Persons Tons again ft whom any profecution or proceeding (hall have been a*ain[* whom or lhall be laid for any fuch penalty, or in relation thereto, (hall foain^110"* be and are hereby indemnified ; any thing contained in the faid brought in-recited ads or any other ad now in force, to the contrary notwith- demnificd. (landing*

CAP. LXXXlX.

An a ft fir confirming tb$ previftons of an aft, made in Ireland in tie thirty-fecond year of bis trejent Majefiy fo far as the fame prohibits the import of malt into Ireland; and fir repealing the power given to the lord-tieutenant and council ^Ireland, by an aft of this prefent fijfion of parliament, prohibiting the ufe of oats and oatmeal in the diftiilation offpirits, in Ireland.—[July 20,1804. J

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the parliament cf Ireland in the thirty fecond year of the reign of his prefent Mayfly, intituled\ An ad tor the increafe of agriculture and commerce, by IHfh ad, eftablHhing a reciprocal preference in the corn trade between this 3* Gco* 3* kingdom and Great Britain, malt is prohibited to be imported into Ireland: and whereas the faid aft has been attended with beneficial effefts: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembied, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of an ad, pa fled So much of in this feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting to his^^c^ Majefty a duty upon malt made in Ireland for the year one thouf'and other ad, as eight hundred and four, and alfo fo much of any other ad and ads allows the im-now in force and effed, as allows, permits, or fuffers the impor- port.i»ion of tation of malt into Ireland by virtue of any proclamation of the ^retard-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, pealed, or by any other authority, (hall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to ail intents and pur- • pofes whatfoever.

II. And be it further enaded. That fo much of an ad, pafled So much °f in this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for enabling** u.^tna-ihe lordlieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, to blest he lord-frohibit, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thufand eight bun- lieutenant to dred andfive, the diftiilation of fpirits from oats or oatmeal in Ireland ; Prohibit the^ and for indemnifying fuch perfons as have afted in advifing or tarrying fo dUtUhtloii/ into execution a proclamation of the lord*licultnant and council of Ire- See. repealed. hnd,/*r prohibiting fuch diftiilation, as enables the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, with the advice of the privy council, to prohibit, by proclamation, the ufe of oats or oatmeal in the brewing, making, or fermenting any wort, wa(h, or pot ale, for making or extrading low wines or. fpirits, or inflids any penalty or forfeiture in refped of the fame, for any offence or offences committed fince the firft day of July one thou-fand eight hundred and four, (hall be, and the lame is hereby declared tobe repealed, and null and void to all intents and pur-pofes whatfoever.

CAP.

356 Annq regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 88. [1804.

it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may he enaded; and be it enabled by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority Commiflion- Gf the fame. That, from and after the palling of this afi, it (hall Tn^hackheyb® k^ful f°r the commiffioners for regulating and licenfing toadied to be hackney coaches for the time being, with the approbation and employed as under the authority of the lords-commiffioners of his Majefty’s publick ftages treafury, or any three or more of them, for the time being, to to and from ]icenfef authorise, and empower fuch and fo many of the owners ^lUg*i?nthe hackney coaches licenfed or to be iicenfed by the faid tom-neighbour- miflioners for regulating and licenfing hackney coaches, as (hall hood of Lon- from time to time appear to the faid lords-commiflioners of the d°nf&h Un* trca(WY, on representation of the faid commiffioners for regulations regulating and licenfing hackney coaches, to be neceflary, to ply as the trea- for hire, and to ufe and employ, as publick dated ftages, fuch fury (hall di- their licenfed hackney coaches to and from any fuch towns, rc&	villages, or places in the neighbourhood of and to fuch diftaoces

from the faid cities of London and Wejlminjler -and the borough of Southwark, as well within as without the weekly bills of mortality, under and fubjed neverthelefs to fuch regulations and reftri&ions as (hall be required by the faid lords-commiflioners Such coaches ip that behalf: provided always, that the owners or repters of t0 *rh	fuch licenfed hackney coaches do plainly denote and diftinguilh

Sires by# fuch tl)eir refpedtive coaches to be ftated ftages to and from fuch paintin/the town, village, or place for which they (ball be refpe$ively fame on the licenfed as aforefaid, by painting the fame in legible charadcrs on the door or other confpicuous and open part of fuch their fcveral «^nd refpedlive coaches.

II. And whereas ail or mojl of the owners or keepers of hackney coaches'licenfed by the faid commijftoners for regulating and licenfing hackney coaches ufed and employed •as Jlage coaches to and from thejoiJ aties of London and Wettminfter and the borough of Southwark, find the Juburhs there'bfi have omitted to take out the annual licence required, by the faid recited att of the twenty •fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty^ to be taken out by thofe keeping coaches or other carriages employed as publick jlage coaches or carriages j and doubts

_________ have arifen whether by fuch omijfion they have not rendered tbemfelves

liable to the liable to the penalty in the Jaid recited afls mentioned5 be it therefore penalty for further ena&eu ' and declared, That no owner or keeper of omitting to any fuch hackney coach or coaches, who (hall have been licenfed cenccsfor" by.-the faid commiffioners for regulating and licenfing hackney itage coaches Cfaches, (hall be, or be deemed, conftrued, or taken to be under recited Ajbje<5t or liable to the faid penalty, although he, (he, or they, adt of 25 (hau have kep% ufed, and employed any fuch hackney coach as lth 3’hCth,,a Pub,ick ^aJ£c coac^ f°r *he PurP°fe carrying palfcngers for have^iSfed the ^*rc t0 ant* ^om different places within the diftance of ten miles coaches as from the faid cities of London and JVeJlminfler, and (hall have let ftages within out fuch coach for fuch purpofe as aforefaid, without having Lo^on*arfd °kla*ncd a licence under the hands of two of the commif-Wcftminftcr. fc>ner* f°r managing the duties .on (lamped vellum, parchment.

floor.

Licenfed owners of hackney

rnarhps not

>8&4«] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgti III. c. 89. 357

and paper, or fome perfon duly authorised by them ; and all per- Perfons Tons again ft whom any profecution or proceeding (hall have been a^olvcution911 or (hall be laid for any fuch penalty* or in relation thereto, (halt ^[alfhe be and are hereby indemnified ; any thing contained in the laid brought in-recited afts or any other aft now in force, to the contrary notwith- demnified. Handing*

C A P. LXXXIX.

An aft for confirming the provisions of an afty made in Ireland in the thirty fecond year of his prefent Majejly fo far as the fame prohibit the import of malt into Ireland; and for repealing the fewer given to the lord-lieutenant and council ^Ireland, by an aft of this prefent fi/fion of parliament, prohibiting the ufe of oats and oatmeal in the diftillation of fpirits* in Ireland.—[July 20,1804. J

WHEREAS by an aft* made in the parliament cf Ireland in the thirtyfecond year of the reign of his prefent Mayfly* inti• tided, An aft for the increafe of agriculture and commerce, by Irtfh aft; eftablifhing a reciprocal preference in the corn trade between this Gco- 3* kingdom and Great Britain, malt is prohibited to be imported into Ireland: and whereas the faid aft has been attended with beneficial effefls: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conCent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of an act, pa fled So much of in this feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting to hit	anv

Majefty a duty upon malt made in Ireland for the year one thoufand other aft, as eight hundred and four, and alfo.fo much of any other aft and afts allows the im- • now in force and efFeft, as allows, permits, or fuffers the impor- potion of tation of malt into Ireland by virtue of any proclamation of the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, pealed, or by any other authority, (hall be, and the fame is hereby de-dared to be repealed, and null and void to all intents and pur-* * pofes whatfoever.

II. And be it further cnafted. That fo much of an aft, pafled So”}nch °* in this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for enabling** ,,^6 tiia-the lordlieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, to bleu the lord-frobihitj until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight bun- lieutenant to dred andfiuty the diftillation of fpirits from oats or oatmeal in Ireland ; andfor indemnifying fuch perfons at have afted in advifing or carrying jnVifl?nAtioii," into execution a proclamation of the lor d*k cute nan t and council of Ire* See. repealed, land,/or prohibiting fuch diftillationy as enables the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, with the advice of the privy council, to prohibit, by proclamation, the ufe of oats or oatmeal in the brewing, making, or fermenting any wort, wa(h, or pot ale, for making or extrafting low wines or. fpirits, or inflifts any penalty or forfeiture in refpeft of the fame, for any offence or offences committed fince the firft day of July one thousand eight hundred and four, (hall be, and the lame is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and yoid to all intents and.pur-pofes whatfoever.

CAP.

358 Annoregni quadragefinio quartoGEORGii III. c.90,91. £1804.

CAP. XC.

Am act to continue until (even years after the patting thereof, and from thence to the end of the next fefiion of parliament, an aft. made in the parliament of Ireland in the twenty-feventh year of his prefent Mi-jefty, intituled, An aft for the better execution of Jhe law and prefer-Vation of the peace within counties at large.—[July 20, 1804*}

CAP. XCI.

, Ah aft to permit the ijfue and negotiation of certain promijfhry rioter under a limited fum, by regiferei banters in Ireland ; and to refrain the ijfue and negotiation of certain other notes.—[July 2C, 1804.3

WHEREAS the ijfue and negotiation ofpromiffory nates, in Ire.

lander fmatljums, requires to be regulated; be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice andconfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority PromiOorjr 0f the fame. That all promiffory notes or undertakings in writing, ao^vciid/ being negociable or transferable, for any fum or fums of money lefs than and not exceeding twenty (hillings, or on which any •fum lefs than twenty (hillings (hall remain undifeharged, which (hail bear date or to be iffued in Ireland at any time after the fir ft day of Augufl one thoufand eight hundred and four, (hall be and the fame are hereby declared to be abfolutely null and void, and not to be negociableor transferable, anything in an a St patted in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An at1 to refrain the negotiation if promiffory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited fum, to the contrary notwithftand-ing * and the perfon or perfons who (hall iffue the fame (hall forfeit the fum often pounds for every fuch note or undertaking io iffued 5 and the perfon or perfons who (hall give or take the fame in payment, after the faid firft day of Augufl, (hall forfeit double the amount of each fuch note or undertaking to any perfon who (hall fue for the fame.

II. And whereas by an aft, paffed in the forty-third year of his Ma-43 Geo. 3*	Jeffs reign, intituled,	An a 61 to continue, during the reftriftion on

payments in ca(h by the bank of Ireland, and to amend an aft, made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, *An aft to reftrain the negotiation of promittfory notes and inland bills of exchange unuer a limited fum;9 and alfo an aft* made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, m continue and amend the faid aft 5 it was enafted, that allprotnijorj or other notes or undertakings in writing, being negotiable or tranftreble, for the payment Of any fum or fums of money lefs than the fum sf five guineas, or on which arty fum lefs than Jive guineas Jhali remain undifeharged, which Jhali be made or ijfued in Ireland at any time from end after the fit ft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four, Jb ill be abfolutely void and of no ejfeft, except inland bills of exchange, bank pf bills% or draughts in writing, for any fum not lefs than three

guineas

1804.] Anno regni quidragclimo quarto GabRoil III. c. 91.	359

guineas, which Jball he ijfued under and by virtue of the faid recited

ad of the thirty-ninth year of his prefent Majeftfs reign. which faid

aft was fufpended by an aft faffed in this prefentJejfton of parliament

until theprft day of Auguft One thoufand eight hundred and ftmr,fo

far as is therein mentioned$ be it therefore enafted^ That nothing ^teiu“™sr

contained in this aft, or in any aft or afts in force in Ireland, by”**

(hall extend to prevent any promiflory or other note or under- gifterrd bank-

taking in writing, (lamped according to law, and drawn or iflued «rs before

by any regiftered banker or bankers, for payment of any fum mayt*iwE<£

lefs than five guineas, and bearing date and iflued before the firft c^d tin s

day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and four, from being jan. x, 1805.

negotiated and transferred by any perfon lintil the firft day of

January one thoufand eight hundred and five, and no longer, or '

to fubjeft fuch perfon to any penalty for fo doing; and if any Penalty on

banker (hall, after the firft day of Oftoher one thoufand eight hun- !>*n.lccri

dred and four, te-ifliie or fuffer to be re-iffued any fuch note or notee^fter

undertaking in writing, drawn or iflued before the faid firft day oftober i,

of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and four, fuch banker, or 1804.

other perfon or perfons in his, her, or their behalf, re-ifluing or

caufing the fame to be re-iflued as aforefaid, (hall, for every (uch

note or undertaking in writing fo re-iflfued, forfeit the Turn of	.

ten pounds 5 and if any perfon (hall, after the faid firft day of	gkmg qf

January one thoufand eight hundred and five, give or take in taking them

payment any fuch note or'Undertaking in writing, he or (he (lull in payment

forfeit double the value of the faid note or undertaking in writing*	1*

to the perfon who (hall fue for the fane.	1

III.	And be it further cnafted, That all penalties impofedand Penaltiestobe

appointed by this aft, or any aft or afts in force in Ireland, re-	^

fpefting the iftuing, re-ifluing, negotiating, or transferring pro-

miflory or other notes or undertakings in writing for any futn lefs than five guineas, whatever may be the amount thereof, (hall be recovered by fuch perfon as (hall fue for the fame by civil bill* or before any juftice of the peace, if fuch penalty (hall not exceed forty (hillings on the oath of one credible witnefs; and every juftice of the peace is hereby empowered, in cale of nonpayment thereof, to iflue his warrant to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the offender.

IV.	Provided always,and be it enafted. That nothing in this £1^ ^Vhe*** aft contained (hall extend or be conftru&d to extend to the go- bank of Ire- -vernor and company of the bank of Ireland\ nor to any inland land, nor to bill of exchange, bank poft bill, or draft in writing for any fum any bill of not lefs than three guineas, which (hall or may be iflued under

the faid recited aft of the thirty-ninth year of his Majefty’s reign, ]e{£than three fubjeft neverthelefs to the regulations and reftriftions in the faid guineas, aft contained.

V.	And be it further enafted, That this aft maybe amended, Aft may^be altered, or repealed, by any aft or afts to be pafled in this prefent

fclSon of parliament.

C A P,

360	Annoregni qtiadragefimoquarto Georg 11 III. c.92.	£ 1804.

CAP. XCII.

An aft to render more eajy the apprehending, and bringing to trial, offenders efcaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and alfo from one county to another.—[July 20, 1804.]

WHEREAS it frequently happens that perfons, againft ivbciti warrants are granted by juftices of peace for thefeveral counties and places in Ireland, efcape into other counties or places, out of the ju-tifdiftion of the juftices of peace granting fuch warrants; and it may alfo frequently happen^ that perfons having committed offences in feme county or place in Ireland, may reftde or be in fome other county or place out of the jurifdiftion of the juftice or juftices of the county or place in which fuch offence was committed, whereby fuch offenders may or will eaftly avoid being punifbedfor the offences wberewtth they are charged; bqit therefore enadted by the King's moft excellent onajefty, by arid with the advice and confent of thc*lords fpirirual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and Where per- by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day fema,	Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and four, in cafe any per*

rant™havc* ^on> againft whom a warrant (ball be iffued by any juftice or been iffued, juftices of the peace of any county, city, liberty, town, or place, within Ireland, (hall efcape, go into, reiide, or be, m any other county, city, liberty, town, or place, out of the jurifdiftion of the juftice or juftices granting fuch warrant as aforefaid, it (hall and j'ufticca oTtbt may be lawful for any jflftice or juftices of the peace for the county where county, city, liberty, town, or place, where fuch perfon (hall fhSl ™d*ri c®:aPc» 8° *nto> tefide, or be, and fuch juftice dr juftices is and are the wairants hereby required upon proof being tftade upon oath of the hand-for the exe- writing of the juftice or juftices granting fuch warrant, to indorfe cution. his or their name or names on fuch warrant, which indorfement (hall be a fufficient authority to the perfon or perfons bringing fuch warrant, and to all other perfons to whom fuch warrant was Originally directed, to execute fuch warrant in the county, city, liberty, town, or place, where the fame was indorfed, and to apprehend and carry fuch offender or offenders before the juftice who indorfed fuch warranr, or before fome other juftice or juftices of fuch other county, city, liberty, town, or place, where Where often, fuch warrant was indorfed; and in cafe the offence for which Cw *^0^" fuch offender (hall be apprehended (hall be bailable in law, and tata bliL fuc^ °ffcn<^er he willing and ready to give bail for his or ^	their appearance at the next aflizes or general gaol delivery, or

next general quarter-feffions of the peace to be held in and for the county, city* liberty, town, or place, where the offence was committed, fuch juftice or juftices by whom fuch warrant was indorfed, or fuch other juftice before whom any fuch offender or offenders (hall be brought, fhall and may proceed with fuch of fender or offenders, and take bail for his or their appearance at the next affizes or general gaol delivery, or at the next general quartet-feifions of the peace to be held in and for the county, city,

liberty,

efcape into another' county in Ireland, the

i8o4*] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 92. 361

liberty, town, or place, where fuch offence was committed, in the fame manner as the juftices of the peace of the proper county, city, liberty, town, or place, (hould or might have done in fuch proper county, city, liberty, town, or place; and the juftice or juftices fo taking bail as aforefaid, (hall dehver the recognizance, together with the examination or confeffion of fuch offender or offenders, and all other proceedings relating thereto, had before fuch juftice, to the conftable or other officer or officers, or perfon or perfons fo apprehending fuch offender or offenders as afore-bid, who are hereby required to receive the fame, and to deliver over fuch recognizance, examination, or other proceedings to the clerk of the crown or cleric of the peace of the county, city, liberty, town, or place, where fuch offender or offenders is or are required to appear by virtue of fuch recognizance; and fuch recognizance, .examination, and confeffion refpdtively, (hall be as good and effeflual in law to all intents and purpofes, and of the fame force and validity, as if the fame had been entered into, taken, or acknowledged, before a juftice or juftices-of the peace in and for the proper county, city, liberty, town, or places where the offence was committed, and the fame proceedings (hall be had thereon ; and in caft any conftable, officer, or other perfon to whom fuch recognizance, examination, confeffion, or other proceedings (ball be delivered as aforefaid, (hall refufe or negle<£t to deliver over the fame-ro the clerk of the crown or clerk of the peace of the county, city, liberty, town, or place, where fuch offender is required to appear by virtue of fuch recognizance, fuch conftable, officer, or other perfon, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds Irijb currency, to be recovered againft him by bill, civil bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma« jefty’s courts of record in Irelandt by any perfon or perfons who will profecute or fuefor the fame, wherein no effoign, prote&ion, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, nor more than one imparlance; and in cafe the offence for which fuch offender or offenders (hall be apprehended and taken in manner aforefaid, (hall not be bailable in law, or fuch offender or offenders (hall not give bail foi* his or their appearance at the next affixes or general gaol delivery, or next general quarter-feffions of the peace to be held in and for the county, city, liberty, town, or place, where the offence was committed, to the fatisfa&ion of the juftice before whom fuch offender or offenders (hall be brought, then and in fuch cafe the conftable, officer, or other perfon lo apprehending fuch offender or offenders, fhall carry and convey fuch offender or offenders before one of his Majefty’s juftices of peace of the proper county, city, liberty, town, or place, where fuch offence was committed, there to be dealt with according to law.

II. And be it further ena&cd,- That no aftion of trefpafs, falfe Juftices in-

imprifonment, or indi&ment, or other a&ion, dial) be brought,

-r.	*	r	,	.	r	r	.*	'	rantsnot uaoie

lued, commenced, or profecuted by any perfon or perfons what- to aeVion.

foever, againft the juftice or juftices who.(hall indorfe fuch

warrant, for of by reafon of his or their indorfir.g fuch’warrants

provided always, that fuch perfon or perfons (hall be at liberty

<	*	to

$6z Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Geojrgii III. c. 92. [1804.

to bring or profecute his or their adion or fuit again!) the juftice or juftices who originally granted fuch warrant, in the fame manner as fuch perfon or perfons might have done in cafe this alt had not been made.

III.	And whereas it may frequently happen that felons and ether nthlefaftors, in that part of the united kingdom colled Ireland, make their efcape into that part of the united kingdom called Great Britain, as alfo that felons and other malefafiors in then part of the united kingdom called Great Britain may make their efcape into that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, whereby their cf* fences often remain unpunijhed, there being no fufficient provifun, h the laws now in force in Great Britain and Ireland refptftiveljy for apprehending fuch offenders and tranfmitting them into that pert sf the United Kingdom in which their offences were committed: for

^^pin^from r£me(ty thereof, be it further ensiled. That, from and after Ireland into the firft day of Augujl one thoufand eight hundred and four, if Great Britain any perfon or perfons agrinft whom a warrant (hall be ifliied by roayl*aP- any of the judges of his Majefty’s court of King's-bench, or and conveyed anY ju^ce °Y?r a°d terminer or gaol delivery, or any jurtice to Ireland 5 or juft ices of the peace or other perfon having authority toiilue the fame within Ireland, for any crime or offence againft the laws in force in Ireland, (hall efcape, go into, refide, or be in any place in England or Scotland refpe&ively, it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace of the county, ftewartry, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, in England ot Scotland refpeclively, whither or. where fuch perfon or perfons (hall efcape, go into, refide, or be, to indorfe his name on fuch j warrant, which warrant fo indorfed (hall be a fufficient autho- I rity to the perfon or perfons bringing fuch warrant, and to a!! perfons to whom fuch warrant was originally directed, and alfo to all conftables or other peace-officers of the county, ftewartr;, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where fuch warrant (hall be fo indorfed, to execute the faid warrant in ih* county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where it I is fo indorfed, by apprehending the perfon or perfons agaim: whom fuch warrant is granted, and to convey him, her, or them by the mod direlt way into Ireland, and before one cf the juftices of the peace of the county in Ireland, living rear I the place and in the county where he, (he, or they (hall arrive and land ; which juftice of the peace is hereby required to pro* ceed with regard to fuch perfon or perfons as if the faid perfon or perfons had been legally apprehended in the faid county in Ireland.

IV.	Andy for remedy of the Hie inconvenience by the efcape inn I and offenders Ireland of perfons guilty of crimes in England or Scotland rtfpic* efcapingfrom lively, be it further eaalted, That, from and after the firft day of Great Britain Augujl one thoufand eight hundred and four, if any perfon or tnay he*appre- Pcr^ons agfunft whom a warrant fhall be iflueJ by any of the | headed and judges of his Majcftv’s court of KingVbench, or of the courts of , conveyed back great feflions in IValcSy or any juirice of oyer and terminer or j in like man. gaol delivery, or anyjuftice or juftices of the peace of any county, j

[804.] Anno regni quadfagefimo quarto Georgxi III. c.92. 363

lewartry, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, within ingland or Scotland refpe&ively, or other perfon having authority,

0 ifliie the fame within England or Scotland rcfpe&itfely, for any Time or offence againft the laws of England or Scotland refpcc-ivcly,fhallefcape, go into, refide, or be in any place of that part if the united kingdom called Ireland, it fhali and may be lawful or any juftice of the peace of the county or place in Ireland,

/hither or where fuch perfon or perfons (hall efcape, go into, or efide or be, to inaorfe his name on fuch warrant, which war-ant fo indorfed (hall be a fufficient authority to the perfon or >erfons bringing fuch warrant, and to all perfons to whom fuch warrant was originally directed, and alfo to all Iheriffs’ officers, anftables, and other peace-officers of the county or place in Ireland where fuch warrant (hall be fo indorfed, to execute the aid warrant in the county or place in Ireland where it is fo in-lorfed, by apprehending tbe perfon or perfons againft whom uch warrant may be granted, and to convey him, her, or them,

>y the moft dircdl way into England or Scotland refpe&ively, and before one of the juftices of peace of the county or ftewartry, in Inland or Scotland refpcdlively, living near the place and in the :ounty where he, (he, or they (hall arrive and land, which juftice )f peace is herebyauthorifed and required to proceed with regard 0 fuch perfon or perfons as if fuch perfon or perfons had been egally apprehended in the faid county or ftewartry of England or fatland refpedHvely.

V.	And be it further ena&ed. That the expence of removing Expence of mfoners as aforefaid to any place in England, Scotland, and /re- removal of and refpe&ively, (hall be repaid to the perfon defraying the feme tobedd^aycJ >y the treafurer of the county in England or Ireland refpe&ively,

>r by the (heriff or ftewart depute, or fubftitute of. the county or lewartry in Scotland, in which the crime was committed, the iniount of fuch expence being previoufly afeertained by an ac-:ounr thereof verified upono^th before two of the juftices of the ftce of fuch county or ftewarty, and allowed and figned by them j md fuch treafurer, (heriff, or ftewart depute, or fubftitute, (hail >e allowed fuch payments in their refpedlive accounts.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That the treafurers of the fe- Treafurers of era! counties in Ireland, who have paid the amount of any fuch j^jand^be ixpences fo afeertained as aforefaid, ffaall lay the faid account, to- re?mburfcrt [ether with the allowance-of the fame fo figned as aforefaid, before their expen-he grand juries of their refpeftive counties, at the affizes holden cea by grand or fuch counties next after fuch expences (hall be paid, or at any juries, ubfcqusnt affizes j and it (hall be lawful for fuch grand juries

md they are hereby refpedively required to prefent a fum equal 0 the amount of fuch expence, to be raifed from the country at !*ge*for the purpofe of reimburfihg fuch treafurers.

VII.	And whereas it frequently happens, that perfons having(loUn >r otberwife felonioufly taken away money, cattle, goods, or other effefts, n m cf the parts of the faid United Kingdom, carry the fame into instber part f thefaid United Kingdom, and there have the faid money, aitUy goods, or other ejfifls, in their pojpjfwn or cu/hdy $ and doubts

364 Anno regni quadragefitno quarto GeORgm III. c. 93. [1804

mdy be entertained whether they could be indifled and tried is that for of the United Kingdom where /uch offenders have the faid money ^ cattle goodly and other effefis in their pojpffton or cuflodjy as the origins offence was not committed in fuch part cf the faid United Kingdom ; h Offenders	it therefore further enabled and declared. That, from and after tb

ereaping with firft day Qf Jugujl one thoufand eight hundred and four, if aij ma^bc^cd Per^on or Pcrf°ns having ftolen or otherwife felooioufly taka in*lf)e place money, cattle, goods, or other effeAs, in any one of the parts a where the the faid United Kingdom, (hall afterwards have the fameraonej fame fhall be goods, chattels, or other effeAs, or any part thereof, in his, ha; found. or thcir pofleffion or cuftody, in any other part of the United Kingdom, it (hall and may be lawful to indiA, try, and punift fuch perfon or perfons, for theft or larceny, in that part of tfc United Kingdom where he, (he, or they (hall fo have fuch money cattle, goods, or orher effeAs, in his, her, or their pofftflion at cuftody, as if the faid money, cattle, goods, or other effeAs, hd been ftolen in that part of the United Kingdom. .

Perfons re- VIII. And be it further cnaAed, That if any perfon or period ceiving fuch in anyone of the parts of the United Kingdom (hall hereafter re ft°be t8>d * ceivc or kaVc any catt*c> g°°d$* or other effeAs, ftolen or other-the place m w'^c Wonioufly taken in any other part of the United Kingdom^ where they knowing the fame to have been ftolen or otherwife feiooiouty receive the	taken, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall be liable to be inditfdU

k®6	tried, and punilhed for fuch offence in that part of the Uniid

Kingdom where he, (he, or they (hall fo receive or have thefaid| cattle, goods, or other effeAs, in the fame manner to all iniett and purpofes as if the faid cattle, goods, or other effeAs, bad bca originally ftolen or otherwife felonioufly taken, in that part of the United Kingdom in which fuch perfon (hall fo received have fuch cattle, goods, or other effe&s refpcAively.

CAP. XCIil,

An aA for granting to his Majefty a (urn of money to be railed by lot* teries*—[July so, 1804*]

Treafury may contraA with perfons for three lotteries, not to nett1.* the whole 80,000 tickets, for iuch fums and fubjeA to fuch ieguljtww«i (hall be ftipulatcd. Cafhlcr to give fecurity for the money paid into tw Bank for fuch lotteries. Treafury empowered to apply the money pd into the exchequer by the cafhier. Treafury to retain the money ti?cc !jr towards payment of the fortunate tickets, and one third of the f»ir^ (lull be applied to the fervices of Ireland 800,000/. (hall be diritWd tt* prizes, and pud out of the fuppties granted this iUGon. Min ago* at dirtAors of the lotteries (hall be appointed by the treafury. MctW* the lottery books. Managers to examine the books with the tickets. aii deliver them to the cafhiers of the Bank, taking a receipt for the furr; Cafbiers to return the books with the undifpofed tickets, and amount d money received and paid in. Undifpofed tickets to be delivered into iu exchequerr Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up and f ilb nd with thread and (ilk; and cut off indent wife into a box marked witn tx letter (A) j and put into another box to be locked up and felled Bccu to he prepared for the lotteries with two columns, on each ofwhkhtu number of tickets are to be printed. The number and value of tix timate tickets to he diftinguilhed. Tickets in the outennoft columM<j the Ult-mentipnrd bonks to be rolled up and tied, and cur off into a m marked with the letter <B), &c. Notice to be given of putting the Ukd

1804.] Anno regnl quadrngefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 92 * 3^5

nto the boxes. Notice to be given of thedrawing. Method to be ohfcrved 3 drawing, Arc. Lift of the tickets of each day's drawing to be printed.

) 1/putt9 to be adjufteri by the managers. Forging tickets felony. Mana* m to be fworn. Caihier may receive the Aims fubfetibgd, giving a note sr the fan e which (hall entitle the bearer to tickets lo the amount of t:.e jms fo paid. Caihier at the times appointed to deliver tickets not tx-ecding in value half of the fum actually fubferibed, and (hall give receipts ir the relidue. Contributors not making good their payments within k times limited, forfeit their depofit*; and the tickets to be returned to ttmanager*. Treafury may reward the manors. Sec. as they think fit.

00,000/. for the payment ot the fortunate tickets to be charged on any tppiics granted this feffion, and (hall be paid to the proprietors without &jr deduction, within two months after the conciulion of the drawing, &c.

Ungers to give notice of the time for exchanging tickets for certificates* crtmcites to be numbered. See. Treafury to defray the incidental exr (lets attending the execution of this aft. No fte to be taken for re» riving or paying contribution-monies, for receipts, Scc. on penalty of pA No peribns to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of rawing unlefs employed as a clerk by the managers or licenfed fo to do.

Worn fo licenfed to receive from the ftamp-office numerical books, rhich (hall be (tamped on every leaf. Commiffioners of damp-duties to rutfuch licences only on account of Hcenfed lottery -office s. Five pounds tnaity on unliceofed perfons taking down or publifiutig the numbers of Lkcts drawn. See. On complaint the magiitraUs of London may grant mints for apprehending offenders. Perfons in the actual commiliioq Fluch offence may be apprehended by any perfon and carried befo e a ugiftrate who may commit the offender if penalty be not paid. Fifty roods penalty on peribns (ummoned as witnelfes not appearing, Arc. oouniinoners for damps in England and commiffioners appointed in trend (hall grant licences for lottery offices on payment of duty. Licence > continue in force until the expiration of the drawing of the lotteries, lo licence) to be granted for any lottery-office within the univeriities of fcfonl and Cambridge. Licenfed perrons in Great Britain (hall depofit ad divide in (hares 30 tickets in each of the three lotteries or licence ull be void, Sec. Licenfed perfons to have the words " Licenfed to deal 1 Lottery Tickets,0 on the front of their (hop, or forfeit 10/. Perfons eeping an office contrary to licence (hall forfeit 100/. Perfons to whom etnees ire granted to give fecurity by bond. Commiffioners of ltarnps nil not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery-tickets unlefs (hall appear that the party is able to anfwer the penalty and depofited 3 tickets. Executors, Arc. may be authorifed to carry on bulinefs for the fidut of the term of licences.' Perfons convifted of offences (hall forf eit leir licence. Perfons counterfeiting licences or uling fuch as are coun-rfeitfhall forfeit 500/./ Lottery-offices not to open before eight of the ock in the morning, nor after eight ot the clock in the evening, under malty of 50/* No chances of any tickets for any lefs time titan the whole meof drawing (hallbe fold, or infurance made for or azainft the drawing Fany tickets nor (hall any perfon publifh any propofaT for fuch purpoie 1 penalty of 50/. No ticket to be divided into any other (hires than lives, quarters, eighths, and fixteenths, on oenalty of 50/. Peribns coun-rtriting (hares guilty of felony. Commiffioners of (tamps (lull eftablilh 1 office in London or Weftminffer for the depofit of tickets intended to i fold is (bares. Receiver-general\to giye a receipt for the (ante, which all not be transferable. Books (hall be kept by the receiver for regiftering ch tickets which may be infpefted on paying zd Receiver general (halt r paid id. for every (hare into which the ticket depoiited fhaH be divided, erfoos ftHiqg (hares other wife than on ftamped paper (hail forfeit 50/. • ickets fo depoiited in Great Britain or Ireland for the purpoie of being •Id in (hares lhall continue in poflelfion of the receiver general for the rriods mentioned. Application of the fees received at the ttamp-office 1 Great Britain, and money received on account ot licences to keep fttery-offioes in Ireland. Perfons preparing or having in their cuftody iy regifter or lift of tickets but as mentioned, or keeping any place for ami mug tickets by any other than fuch lifts, lhall forfeit $/. On complaint

366. Annoregni quadragefimoquarto'GEORGii III. c.94,95. [1804.

plaint on oath of offences a^ainft 17 Geo. 3. c. 1. whereby the parties rray he liable to punifhmmt as rogues. Juftictrs may autnorife perfons i«> break open houfes. &c. Perfons difeovered in fuch houfes concerned in carrying on illegal tranfactions to be punilhed as rogues. Penalty on per. fons obftrutting officers. Perfons employing or aiding others to c*nv oa fuch illegal tranfactions to be deemed rogues and vagabonds. Manner is which anions for penalties fliall be commenced. Where the amount of penalties fued for is not inferted in writs, the defendant to be ferved virk a copy of the procefa, &c. Offenders arfju !gtd rogues and vagahondi may be committed. Proceedings not removable by certiorari. GeoeraJ iflue. Treble colts.

CAP. XC1V.

An oft to explain an aft of the prefent feftion of parliament % for c;n-fclidating and amending the provifions of the feveral afti relating :s corps of yeomanry and volunteers in Great Britain, fi far as rt-fpefts the accounting for monies received by volunteer officers,— [July 28, 1804.3

WHEREAS by an aft\ paffed in the prefent fejfian of perils men^ intituled^ An ad to coufolidate and amend the pro-vifiops of the feveral ads relating to corps of yeomanry and volunteers in Great Britain) and to make further regulations relating thereto, certain fums of money are dir eft ed to be paid to the commuting or other officers of or perfons belonging to corps or troops or comp* vies of yeomanry and volunteersy in the feveral Cafes in the faid aRjpt-cified) to be by fuch officers or other perfons paid9 applied and «-counted fory in the manner and for the purpofes therein direfted: novr, be it enaded and declared by the King’s moft excellent majefty. Officers, &c. by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tem-deemcd*pub- P°raU and commons, in this prefent parliament afleaabled, and lick account" kv the authority of the fame, That no officer or other perfon beams on ac- longing to any corps or troop or company of yeomanry or volun-countof mo- teers, (hall be deemed a publick accountant or fub-accoununt, Sndcrredtcd ^Y reaf°n of any monies which have been ifTued or (hall be aCt> 1	imied to, or received by him, by virtue of the faid recited a&

CAP. XCV.

An aft to amend certain provifions of an al7, made in the forty-tliri year of his prefent Majefty, to enable his Majefty to provide forth defence and fecurity of the realm) which refpeft the pur chafe ofloots and hereditaments for the publick fervice.—[July 28, 1804.]

WHERE AS by an aft, paffed in theforty-third year of hi* prefect Majefty'$ reign, intituled, An ad to enable his Majefty more effedually to provide for the defence and fecurity of the realm during the prefent war, and for indemnifying perfons who may fuffer in their property by fuch meafures as may be necefliry for that purpofe, provifion is made for the taking of ground wonted fir the puplick fervice, and for putting his Majefty into pofjefpen thereof, andfor afeertaining the competition to be made far the poffej/io* or ufe thereof during the time for which the fame may be requiredfor tU

fubliii

*3 Geo. 3. c.jj.

iSo4-] Annoregni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c.95.

367

f ah lidfrr vice: and whereas doubts have ariftn whether the faid provi-fm of the faid aft extends to the purchaftng or taking any lands or here-d;:aments for permanent purpofes j and it is expedient that fuch doubts Jhould be removed, and that provifion Jhould be made for enabling his Majejly to pur chafe and take any lands or hereditaments necejfary for the erefting of fortifications, batteries, lines > and other military works cr barracks, military hofpitals, and other buildings necejfary for the pub lick fervice in the defence of the realm ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and co.ifent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority or the fame,

That the faid recited provifion of the faid adl of the forty third Provifion in year of his prefent Majefty’s reign (hall be and the fame is recited aft hereby repealed, fave and except as to any cominillion or com- ground*for millions before the palling of this adl granted by his Majefty, or the publiek the lieutenant or other chief governor of Ireland, to any general fervice repeal-officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons, under the faid but provifion of the faid recited a<St.

II.	And be it further cnadted. That every fuch commifiion commiffions granted by his Majcfty, or the lieutenant or chief governor of

Ireland, before the palling of this a&, (hall be and continue in ^continuein force for the purpofes of this adt; and all fuch general officers force, and other perfons in the faid comraiffion or commiffions named (hall and may adi in the execution of this adi, in like manner as if fuch commifiion or commiffions had been granted after the paffing thereof,

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That it fhall be lawful for his His Majefty,

Majefty, or for the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or	fr

governors of Ireland for the time being in Ireland, from time to fons to furvey

time to authorife any general officer or officers, or other perfon and mark out

or perfons commiftioned for that purpofe, to furvey and mark lands, and

out any lands or grounds wanted for the publiek fervice, and to trtat w!!h £* P, ,	tr	7	r	owners tor the

treat and agree with the owner or owners thereof, or any perfon abfolute pur-

or'perfons interefted therein, either for the abfolute purchafe phafc thereof.

thereof for the publiek fervice, or for the pofleffion or ufe

thereof, during fuch time as the exigence of the publiek fervice

(hall require.

IV.	And be it further enadted, That it (hall be lawful for all Bodies polf-bodies politick or corporate, ecclefiaflical or civil, and all

feoffees or truftees for charitable or other publiek purpofes, and fuch for all tenants for life and tenants in tail, and for the hufbands, lands, Sc guardians, truftees, committees, curators, or attornies of , fuch of the owners or proprietors of, or perfons interefted in any fuch lands or hereditaments required for the publiek fervice, as (hall be fences covert, infants, lunaticks, idiots, or perfons beyond the feas, or otherwife incapable of a&ing for themfelves, to contract and agree with fuch general officer or officers, or other perfon or perfoos authorifed as aforefaid, either for the abfolute fale of fuch lands or hereditaments, or for the grant of any leafe, either . , for any term of years certain therein, or for fuch period as the exigence Qf the public); fervice (hail require, and to convey,

furrender.

Aft not to affctt proceedings under recited «&, in relation to any ground re-

Anno regni quadragcfimo quarto Georgii HI. c. 95. [1804.

furrendcr, demife, or grant the fame to fuch general officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons, in truft for his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefl’ors, accordingly; and all fuch contracts; files, conveyances, furrenders, leal'es, and agreements, (hall be valid and cffeftual in law to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

V.	Provided always, and be it further cnafted, That nothing in this aft contained ('hall extend, os be conftrued to extend, to affeft or annul any proceedings that may have been had, or that may be now pending, under the faid recited aft, in relation to any ground required for the publick fefVicc, or to extend to any contraft or agreement made before the patting of this ad in

the relation to any fuch ground otherwife than for thepurpofeof publick fer* ...	j	'I

vice, Scc.

In default of treating, or where the

applying the powers and provifions thereof to the enabling ail parties thereto to carry the fame into effeft, in cafe fuch powers (hail be neceffary,

VI.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any fuch bodies or o her perfons hereby authorifed to contraft on behalf of .	themfelves	or	others as afcrefaid, or any other perfon or perfoiw

■a^eeTtiie n<>t interefted in any fuch lands or hereditaments which (hall befo

perfons authorifed by his Majefty may require two juft ices,

&c. to put his Majelty’s officers in pofleffion.

Jury to be

marked out and furveyed for the publick fcrvice, fhalJ, for the fpace of fourteen days next after notice in writing fubferibed by fuch general officer, or other perfon authorifed as aforefaid, fhi’I have been given to the principal officer or officers of any fuch body; or to fuch other perfons hereby authorifed to contra&on behalf of others, or interetted themfelves as aforefaid, or left at his, her, or their ufual place of abode, refufe or decline to treat or agree, or by reafon of abfence (hall be prevented fioo treating or agreeing with fuch general officer or other perfon authorifed as aforefaid, or (hall refufe to accept fuch fum of money as (hall be offered by fuch officer or other perfon, as the cooperation for the abfolure purchafe of fuch lands and hereditaments, or fuch annual rent or fum as (hail be offered for the hire thereof, cither for a time certain, or for fuch period as the exigence of the publick fervice may require, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch general officer or other perfon, fo authorifed by his Majefty, or by fuch lord-lieutenant or chief governor as aforefaid, to require two or more juftice* of the peace, or three or more deputy-lieutenants (one of whom (hall be a joffice of the peace) or two or more deputy-governors for the county, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, where fuch lands or hereditaments (hall be, to put his Majefty’s officers into immediate poffeflion of fuch lands or hereditaments, which fuch juftices, or deputy-lieutenants or deputy-governors, are hereby required to do, and (hall for that purpofe iflue their warrant under their hands and feals, commanding poffeffion to be !o delivered; and (hall alfo iffue their warrants to' the fheriffofthe

fummoned to county, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, wherein fuch lands or value the	hereditaments (hall be fituate, to fummon a jury; and every fuch

premifes.	(heriff is hereby authorifed and required to fummon amd return

a jury, properly qualified, of the number of twenty-four, and in the manner required by the laws of England, Intend, and Suik*d i	refpeflively,

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 95.	369

refpe&ively, who {ball meet at fome convenient time and place to be mentioned in fuch fupunons, out of whom a jury of twelve (hall be drawn, in fuch manner as juries for the trial of HTues joined in his Maiefty’s courts at Wejlnunjler and, Dublin are drawn by law in England and Ireland refpedtively, and in fuch manner as juries are drawn by law for the trial of offences in Scotland and in cafe a fufficient number (hall not appear, the faid (heriff (hall choofe others of the bye-ftanders, or that can fpecdily be procured, being qualified as aforefaid, and the faid jurymen may be challenged by the parties bn either fide, but not the array; and the faid juftices, deputy-lieutenants, or governors refpedively, may funrmon witnefles, and adjourn any fuch meeting, if jurymen or witnefles do not attend; and the jury, on hearing any wknefles and evidence that may be pro* duced, (hall, on their oaths (which oaths, as alfo the oaths of fuch witnefles, the faid juftices, deputy-lieutenants, or governors, refpedively, are hereby empowered and required to adminifler), find the compenfation, to be paid either for the abfolute purchafe of fuch lands or hereditaments, or for the pofleflion or ufe thereof, as the cafe may be.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further cna&ed. That if any ApPcaJ ma3r fuch officer or officers, for wbofe department of publick fervice fhe'cour^of fuch lands or hereditaments (hall have been taken, or any perfon exchequer, interefted therein, (hall be difiatisfied with the verdiA of any &c. if either fuch jury, it (hall be lawful for them or their attornies, in Eng- P*^y « dif-land and Ireland* to apply to the court of exchequer at Wejbmnfter [he v^ia^of or Dublin refpe&ively, in the term next, and, in Scotland, to the jury* apply, within fourteen days after the finding any fuch verdiS, to the court of feffion in Scotland in time of feffion, or lord ordinary on the bills in, time of vacation, and to fugged to the faid courts or lord ordinary refpelUvely, that they have reafon to be dif-(atisfied with fuch verdift, and forthwith give notice thereof to the officer or party (as the cafe may be) and thereupon, in Eng-land mi Ireland\ the proceedings that (hall have been had, and the verdi& of fuch jury, fhall be returned into the faid courts of exchequer refpe&ively; and if it (hall appear to the faid courts to be proper, fuch fuggeftion (hall be entered on fuch proceedings as aforefaid, and a writ (hall thereupon, by rule of fuch court, or order of any judge of fuch court, be dircded to the fherifFof At county where fuch lands or hereditaments (hall lie, or if the (ame (hall lie in two counties, to the (heriff of either of fuch counties, to fummon either a common or fpecial jury, according to the application that (hall have been made in that behalf, and ss the court or as fuch judge (hall allow, and who (hall refpec* lively be qualified according to law, to appear before the faid juftice or juftices of aifize or nifi prius of that county, at the next affizes or fittings of nifi prius, if the fame (hall not happen (boner than twenty-one days after fuch fuggeftion, otherwife at the next fucceeding aflizes or fittings; and The compenfation to be paid either for the abfolute purchafe, or for the poffeffion or ufe of fuch lands or hereditaments (as the cafe (ball be) (hall, at Vol. XLV.	B a	fuch

37° Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gborgii III. c. 95. (1804,

* fuch affixes or fittings* be ascertained by fuch jury, in like manner as any damages may be inquired of upon any inquifition or inquiry of damages, by any jury* before any judge of affize or tiifi prius, and the verdift of fuch jury (hail be returned to the faid court of exchequer, and (hall be final and conclufive; and in Scotland, if it (hall appear proper to the faid court of feffion or lord ordinary, upon fuch application fo to do, the faid court or lord ordinary (hall order and direft the (herifF of the county where fuch lands pr hereditaments (hall lie, or if the fame £ball lie in two counties, to the (herifF of either of fuch counties, to fummon another jury in the manner in which juries are fum-moned in Scotland) properly qualified according to law, to appear before the lords or lord of judiciary at the next circuit, if the fame (hall not happen fooner than twenty-one days after fuch application, otherwise at the next fucceeding circuit, and the compenfation as aforefaid for the lands or hereditaments (as the fcafe (hall be) (hall at fuch circuit be afeertained by a jury drawn from the jury fummoned as aforefaid, in fuch manner as juries are drawn in Scotland, under the dire&ion of the faid lords or lord of judiciary aforefaid $ and the verdift of fuch lad-mentioned jury (hall be final and conclufive, without being fubjeft to review or challenge of any kind, unlefs the court that (hall have allowed fuch inquiry (hall think fit, on any application made within four days after the commencement of the fucceeding term or fefiion, if in Scotland) to order any new trial in relation thereto.

Jury may VIII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That it (hall wooorfiM to ^ for any jury impannelled before any judice of the peace be paid out of or magidrate or deputy-lieutenant or deputy governor, or before compeoration any judge of affize or niji prius, to afeertain the compenfation to f°dTlal1	Pa^ ^or any *an<*s or ^crc^*taments under this aft, and they

knees, dec.	are |lcrcby required to afeertain and fettle the proportion to be

paid out of fuch compenfation, to any perfons having any intered as leflees or tenants at will or otherwife in any fuch lands or he* reditaments, and the proportion to be paid out of fuch compensation (hall be returned on the verditf: provided alfo, that where any fuch inquiry before any judge of aflize or nijipriys (ball he had on the application of any fuch leflee*or tenant at will, or other perfon having any inferior intered in any fuch lands or hereditaments who mav have been diflatisfied with the proportion of compenfation fettled by the jury to be paid in refpeft of fuch intered, it (hall not be lawful for the jury in any fuch cafe to alter the amount of the entire compenfation awarded by any former verdift to be paid for futh lands or hereditaments, but only the proportion thereof to be paid to the perfon or perfons having fc-parate interefts therein; and it (hall not be lawful for any jury on any inquiry had before any judge of affize or nifi prius9 as to any fuch compenfation, on the application of any fuch officer as a*ore-faid, in any cafe in which the whole compenfation awarded by them (hall be the fame as the whole compenfation awarded by the former jury, to alter the proportion that (hall have been fettled by any fuch former jury as to any feparate intcrelh in any fuch lands or hereditaments.

IX. Prc-

1804O Anno regni quadragefimb qbarrd Georgii III. c. 95. 371

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadied, That it (hall be Court to lawful for the court, or judge, or lord-ordinary, making any fuch require the rule or order, to require that the party* on whofe application the P*rtyto fc,ve fame (hall be made, (hall give fuch fecurity as (hall, to fuch y or court* judge, or lord«ordinary, feem proper for payment of cods,

under fuch circumftances as (nail be fpecified in any rule or order made for that purpofe.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no fuch Lands not to lands or hereditaments (hall be fo taken for the publick fervice be taken for without the confent of the owner or owners thereof, or of any the publick fuch perfon or perfons as aforefaid, adiing for or on the behalf of

the owner or owners thereof, unlefs the neceffity or expediency of owners, taking the fame (hall be firft certified by the lord-lieutenant, or unleft in ccr* two of the deputy lieutenants, or by the governor or two deputy tain cafes, governors of the county, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, in which fuch lands or hereditaments lie, or unlefs the enemy (hall have adhially invaded the United Kingdom at the time when fuch lands or hereditaments (hall be fo taken.

XI.	And be it further enadted, That in ail cafes where any Ere^|onaon

lands or hereditaments (hall have been taken under the faid pro- lands, taken vifion of the faid recited adt, or (hall be taken under the proyinons for a tempo-of this adt, for any term of years, or for fuch period only as the ray puiiwfe* exigency of the publick fervice (hall require, it (hall be lawful for	***

his Majefty’s officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons fo au- lands are re-thorifed as aforefaid, in the departments of publick fervice for the ftored to the ufe of which fuch lands or hereditaments (hall have been taken, owner, and

at any time before the poffeffion thereof (hall be delivered up to the jhajj^£*de owner or owners thereof,or other perfon or perfons adting on his, for the injury her,or their behalf, to take down and remove all fuch buildings or done, other eredtions which,(hall or may have been built or eredteef thereon, for the publick fervice, after the fame was fo taken as aforefaid, and to carry away the materials thereof, making fuch compenfation to the owner or owners of fuch lands or hereditaments, or other perfon or perfons adding on his, her, or their behalf, for the damage or injury which may have been done thereto, or to the foil thereof, by the eredtion of any fuch buildings, or otherwife, in confequence of the fame having been occupied for the publick fervice, as fuch officer or other perfon or perfons au* thorifed as aforefaid (hall think reafonable, and as (hall be agreed Upon in that behalf; and if fuch owner or owners, or other per- jn ^

Ion or perfons adting on his, her, or their behalf, (hall not be difagreement, Stilling to accept the compenfation fo offered, it (hall be lawful how comnen-for fuch officer or other perfon or perfons fo authorifed as afore- fat:on (hall be bid, to apply to and require two juftices of the peace, of the ctte * bounty, riding, ftewartry, city, or place, to fettle and afeertain the tempenfationwhich ought to be made for fuch damage or injury

aforefaid, and fuch juftices (ball fettle and afeertain the fime kcordingly, and (hall grant a certificate thereof; and the amount ■ fuch compenfation, fo fettled, and afeertained, and certified, pall forthwith be paid by the treafurer, accountant, or other toper officer for the time being, of the office or department for f	c	b	2	the

37*

Ad not to cffca any* agreement between the parties.

Where an

Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 95. [1804.

the life of which fuch lands or hereditaments (hall have been taken, to the perfon or perfons entitled thereto: Provided always, that nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued toex-tend, to alter, prejudice, or efFed any agreement which hath been or (hall or may be entered into by any fuch officer or other perfon authorifed as aforefaid, with any owner or owners of any fuch lands or hereditaments, or other perfon or perfons ading on his, her, or their behalf, in relation to any fuch buildings or eredrons, but every fuch agreement (hall remain valid and effedual, in like manner as if this ad had not been pafied.

XII.	And be it further cna&ed, That in all cafes where any —S annual rent or fum (hall be awarded by the verdid of a jury, as ed* the ver- * the compenfation for the poffeffion or ufe of any lands or hcredi-dia (hall be taments, during the time for which the fame (hall be required for certified to thepublick fervice, fuch verdid (hall be certified by the juftices, the	or deputy lieutenants or deputy governors aforefaid, tp the rc-

Suid-tax!&c.e ceiver-general of the land-tax or the county, riding, city, or place who (hall pay in England, or to the colledor of the land-tax of the county, the (kmc. ftewartry, city, or place in Scotland, or to the colledor of his Ma-jefty's revenues for diftrids in Inland, where fuch lands or hereditaments lie, which receiver-general or colledor (hall, out of any money in his hands, from time to time pay fuch compenfation to Gich perfon or perfons, and in fuch manner, and for fuch Purchafe mo- purpofes, as by fuch verdid (hall be direded; and where any ney payable to money or other confideration (hall have been or (hall be agreed, or tick*te*Ttobe ^all have been or (hall be found by the verdid of any jury* to be paid to the paid or given for the abfolute purchafe of any lands or herediu-deputy re- ments taken by virtue of this ad, belonging to any fuch body, or ^“hrancer other perfon or perfons under any difability or incapacity, or not tfTthe feme" h^ngthcfrbfolute intereft therein, the fame (hall be paid or trans-jo the court ferred by the treafurer, accountant, or other proper officer for the of exchequer, time being of the office or department, for the ufe of which fuch fce. .	lands or hereditaments (hall be taken, into the hands or into the

name of the deputy at the King’s remembrancer of his Majefty's court of exchequer at Wcjlminfier, Edinburgh, or Dublin refpec-tively for the time being, for the ufe and benefit of the owners and proprietors of fuch lands or hereditaments, who is hereby autho-rifed and required to receive or accept, and to give a difeharge for the fame, and upon the acceptation or receipt thereof to fign a certificate to the barons or judges of the faid courts of exchequer refpedively, under his hand, purporting and fignifying that fuch money or other confideration was received or accepted by, ad paid or transferred to him in purfuance of this ad, for the ufe and benefit of fuch owners or proprietors who (hall be named and de-feribed in fuch certificate, and the faid certificate (hall be filed or depofited in the faid court of exchequer at WtflminfUr, Edit-burgh, or Dublin refpedively; and a true copy thereof, figned bf the deputy remembrancer of fuch court, (hall and may be re* and allowed as evidence for the purpofes hereinafter mentioned and the faid deputy remembrancer is hereby required, upon re '	ccipt of any fuch fum or fums of money as aforefaid, to pay th

fan

i8o4~] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 95.	373

fame into the bank of England, or bank of Scotland, or royal bank of Scotland, or bank of Ireland^ as the cafe may require; and immediately upon the filing or depoliting of fuch certificate, the faid lands or hereditaments (hall be and become veiled in the general officer or other perfon marking out the fame for the publick fer-vice, to the ufe of his Majeily, his heirs and fucceflors.

XIII.	And be it further enaded, That the barons or judgesof Who (hall his Majefty’s court of exchequer at WeJlminJUr, Edinburgh^ or tioni m to"tha Dublin, of the degree of the coif for the time being refpedively, application of or any two or more of them, (hall be, and they are hereby autho- the money, rifed and empowered, in a luminary way, upon motion or by

petition, for and on behalf of any perfon or perfons interefted in or entitled to the benefit of the money fo paid to and received by the deputy remembrancer, or the interell or produce thereof, and upon reading the certificate direded to be figned by the faid deputy remembrancer concerning the fame as aforefaid, and receiv-ing fuch further fatisfadion as they fhall think neceflary, to make and pronounce fuch orders and diredions for paying the faid money or any part of the fame, or for placing out fuch part thereof as lhall be principal in the publick funds, or upon go-vemment or real fecurities, and for payment of the dividends or interell thereof, or any part thereof, to the refpe&ive perfons entitled to receive the fame, or for laying out the principal, or any part thereof, in the purchafe of other lands or hereditaments, to be conveyed and fettled, to, for, and upon the fame ufes, trufts, intents, and purpofes, as the (aid lands and hereditaments fo taken Hood fettled, at the time of the payment of fuch money as aforefaid, as near as the fame can be done, or otherwife concern* ing the difpofing of the faid money, and any part thereof, and the interell of the fame, or any part thereof, for the benefit of the perfon and perfons entitled to and interefted in the fame refpec^ lively, or for appointing any perfon or perfons to be truftee or trufteesfor all or any of fuch purpofes, as the faid court (hall think Juft and reafonable.

XIV.	And be it further enaded, That upon the death or re- °n inoval of any fuch deputy remembrancer, all ftocks and fecurities [hJTdeputv veiled in him by virtue of this ad, (hall veil in the fucceeding leroembran-deputy remembrancer, for the purpofes herein-before mentioned, cer, money without any alignment or transfer; and all monies paid into the *Rd fr**"*!*® faid banks refpedively, in purfuance of this ad, or remaining in

the hands of any deputy remembrancer at bis death or removal, and not veiled in the funds, or placed out on fecurities as afore-laid, lhall be paid over to the fucceeding deputy remembrancer for the time being.

XV.	And be it further enaded and declared, That if in any tIierc cafe the King’s remembrancer lhall execute the faid office in

perfon, then and in fuch cafe the feveral trusts, powers, and J*Vdeputy authorities, by this ad veiled in the faid deputy remembrancer remembran-and his fucceftors, lhall, during, fuch time as no deputy remem- ?°.vrcr brancer fhall be appointed, be veiled in, and be executed by, the faid King’s remembrancer for the time being,	F	^

CAP.

374 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georou III. e. 96. [1804.

44 Geo. 3. c. 56.

43 Geo. 3. c. 101.

CAP. XCVI.

An aft to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an aft, pajfed in * the prefent fejfion of parliament, intituled, An ad for eftablifhing and maintaining a permanent additional force for the defence of the realmf and to provide for augmenting his Majefty’s regular forces; and for the gradual redudion of the militia of England \ fo far at the fame relates to the city of London. —[July 28,1804.]

WHEREAS an aft, pajfed in this feffion of parliament, intituled, An ad for eftablifhing and maintaining a permanent additional force for the defence of the realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majefty’s regular forces; and for the gradual redudion of the militia of England: And whereas the city of London is, by ancient charter, exempt from raiftng men for military fer-vice, but have heretofore voluntarily rat fed their proportionate number of men for the defence of the realm: and whereas an aft pajfed for that purpofe in the lajl fejfton of parliament, intituled, An ad for railing in the city of London a certain number of men, as an addition to the military force of Great Britain, for the better defence and fecurity of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous pro-fccution of the war .* And whereas it is expedient that the rights and privileges of the faid city Jfrould be preferved; but the faid city an, neverthelejs, defirous of raijing their full proportion of men for the defence of the realm: and whereas, by reafon of the divifion of the faid city into wards, and the regulations of the faid recited aft of the kfl feftion of parliament, the provifions of the faid recited aft of this fejjion of parliament are not applicable to the raiftng of men, or levying cf money for fines, for any default in the faid city: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the Recited aft of fame, That, from and after the pafling of this ad, nothing in the

44.	Geo. 3. c. faj(j recited ad of this feflion of parliament contained fhall extend*1^ appor- tenc^ or ^ con®rue^ 10 extend to the apportioning of the men to tioning men be raifed by the faid city, among any of the parifhes in the faid among the pari flies, or railing rates in the city.

Number of men, and the

city, or to the mode of raiftng or levying any rates for the payment of any fines arifing from any defaults therein ; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. And be it further enaded. That the one thoufand fix hundred men, to be railed by virtue of this ad within the faid city proportions to of London, (hall be raifed and provided by the feveral wards of be raifed by the city, and the liberties and precinds within the fame, in the cac ward, proportions following; that is to fay.

By the wards of

Alder[gate Within and St. Martin's It Grand twenty-four men; Aldersgate Without twenty-eight men i Aidgate eighty men;

BaJRsJbaw iixteen men ;

Bmngfgate fifty-fix men ;

Bijhopfgate Within fifty-eight men;

Bijhopfgate Without fixty-fix men;

Bread Street thirty-two men;

Bridge thirty-four men;

Broad Street fixty-fix men;

Candlewick twenty-eight men;

Caftle Baynard fifty-eight men ;	*

Cheap fiftv-eight men;

Coleman Street forty-eight men;

Cordwainer thirty men;

Cernbill forty-eight men;

Cripplegate Wttbin fifty-eight men;

Cnpplegate Without forty-eight men;

Dowgate thirty-fix men;

Farringdan Within one hundred and twelve men ;

Farringdon Without two hundred and fifty-fix men;

Langbourn eighty-eight men;

Lime Street twenty-eight men ;

Portfoken fixty men;

Sfoeenhitbe twenty-eight men ;

Tower eighty-eight men ;

Vtntry thirty-two men;

Walbrook thirty-fix men.

375

III.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the Men /ernijg men railed and now ferving under the faid aft of the laft feffion

of parliament* (hall go in diminution of the number of men re- diminution of quired in the refpeftive wards for which they are fo ferving. the number.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That, from and after the Men to be railing and completing the faid number of men, all men to be r^fed to be hereafter raifed in the city of London for fuch additional force USonTSe (hall from time to time* be apportioned among the feveral wards ward*

in the faid city, by the commiffioners of lieutenancy of the faid city, and (hall be raifed under provifions, and according to the rules and regulations contained in the faid recited aft of this feffion of parliament.

V.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe of any default arifing Fine of %ol to within the faid city of London, or in any of the wards thereof, be for the commiffioners of lieutenancy for the faid city (hall and they p^i?etT not are hereby authorifed to aflefs the fum of twenty pounds for every p

man that (hall be deficient, and (hall order and direft that fuch fines (hall be raifed, aflefied, and levied in fuph wards as (hall have made default.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That all fuch fines (hall be In what man 1 afiefled and railed, collefted and levied, in the faid feveral wards ner the fine* of the faid city, according to/uch powers, provifions, rules, and J^daud regulations as are contained in the faid recited aft of the laft p^.

feffion of parliament, in relation to the levying and aflefling of any fum of money for the raifing of men under the faid aft; and all fuch fines, when collefted, (hall be paid to the receiver-gene-

plied 1 adt.

Arrears of affcffments under recited adt to be colledted'

376 Anno regm quadragefimo quarto Gkoroii III. c. 96. [1804.

ral of the land-tax for the find city, to be by him paid in and accounted for, according to the order of the Secretary at war or bis deputv; and all perfans authorifed and required by the faid recited adr if the Jail feffion of parliament to raife any money for the purpofes therein mentioned, who (hall refufe or negledt to afiefs, raife, levy, or colledt any money required by this act, to be raifed for die payment of any fines, (hall be liable to the prori-fions in the faid recited aft of this feffion of parliament contained for the enforcing the payment of fuch fines.

Monies raifed VII. And be it further enadted, That all monies raifed under under recited the faid recited adt of the laft feffion of parliament, in any of the

ioi+tobe3aC' war<*s l^c	an<*	not	aPpl*cc*fo the purposes of the faid

^Hed to tbis" before the paffing of this adt, (hall go and be applied in fuch refpedtive wards, if the fame (ball become neceffhry, towards the payment of any fum of money required to be raifed under this adt, as fines for any defaults in raifing men in fuch relpe&ive wards.

VIII.	Provided always, That in every cafe in which it (hall become neceffary to raife any fuch fum of money for any fines under this adt, in any ward in which any fum of money (ball have been affcffed under the faid recited adt of the laft feffion of parliament, and in which any part of any fuch afleffment Ihall not have been fully raifed, levied, and colledted, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the perfons authorifed to collect and levy airy fuch fum of money under the faid adt, to levy and colledt al! fuch fums of money for the purpofe of this adt, or the payment of any fines as aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enadted, That all the powers, proviibes, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties, claufes, matters and things contained in the faid recited adt of the laft feffion of parliament, or in an adt pafled in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for amending and reducing into one aft of parliament two fever al aftj, pajfed in the thirty-fourth and tkirty-ffjflb years of the reign of bis prefent Majefty^for the better ordering the militia of the city of London, and for the further regt* lating of the trained bands or militia of the faid city (ball, fo far as the fame are not altered or varied, or other and different provi-fions made in relation to the additional force under the faid recited adt of the laft feffion of parliament, or the additional force under this adt, be applied and pradtifed for the purpofes of this adt, and as to the additional force required by the adt of this fef. ftnn of parliament, and this adt, fo far as the fame are applicable, in as full and ample a manner as if the faid powers, provifoes, rules, regulations, forfeitures, penalties, claufes, matters, and things, were again repeated and enadted in this adt.

Aft 44. Geo- 3.	3^.	And in order that tlfe rights and privileges of the eity ef

c $6- and this London may not be hfringed^ be it further enadted. That the faid prriudiafthe rec*lct* °f this feliion of parliament, or this adt, or any thing - •* therein or herein contained, (hall not diminilh or be prejudicial to the rights, privileges, immunities, and exemptions to which the mayor and commonality and citizens of the city of Lonien^

or

Powers of 43 Geo. j.c 101., and 3i Geo. j.c.92. toex tend to this

rights of the City.

1804.] Anno regniquadragefimo quarto Gborgii III. c. 97.98.377

or the freemen, citizens, or inhabitants of the (aid city, or the fuburbs and liberties of the fame, or of all privileged places within the limits and precinds thereof, as well within the liberties as without, are entitled to enjoy by prefeription, aft of parliament, charter, or ufage, but tne laid mayor aqd commonality and citizens, and freemen citizens and inhabitants of the faid city, (hall and may continue to enjoy all and Angular the faid rights, liberties, ufages, cuftoms, privileges, immunities, and exemptions, in as full, ample, and beneficial a manner as if the faid recited a£k of this feffion of parliament, or this act, had not been made.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed. That this adt {hall be deemed PubEckaftl and taken to be a publick a£t, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges* juftices, and other perfons whorafoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XCVII.

An ad for railing the fum of eight hundred thoufand pounds Irifh currency, by treafury bills, for the fervice of Ireland, for the year one thoufand eight hundred and four.—[July sS, 1804.]

To be paid half yearly 5/. per cent per annum for 8oo,oco/. In Hi currency or fach part thereof as (hall be paid in the exchequer of Ireland. Bills for fuch fums may be ilTued ana taken in payment of the revenue after fuch time as ihall be appointed by the lord-lieutenant. Interest to ceafe on bills when received by any receiver of the revenue. Money to be paid into the exchequer at Dublin and carried to the confolidated Kind. Bills and intereft to be a charge on the firft fupplies granted next feffion.*

Bank of Ireland may advance the money.

CAP. XCVIII.

An aft to repeal the feveral duties under the commiffoners for managing the duties upon Jlamped vellum, parchment, and paper ^ in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional duties in lieu thereof—[July 28, 1804.]

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the feveral rates and duties upon damped vellum, parchment, and paper, and upon other articles and things under the care of the commiffionersfor managing the faid duties, are become very numerous, intricate, and complicated, and it will tend to give facility to bufinefs, and contribute materially to the publick benefit to confolidate and Amplify the fame; be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent Majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the tenth day of Ofloher one thoufand eight hundred and four, all and Angular the tieatmd draw~-duties, allowances, difeounts, compenfations, and drawbacks of backs under damp duties, and other duties under the care of the faid com- the care of miffioners for managing the duties upon damped vellum, parch- thecommif-mentand paper, granted by any a£l or atfs of parliament now in s^mpt <(hall force, (hall ceafe and determine (fave and except in all cafes re- Ceafe.F

lating

378 Anno regni quadragefiino quarto Georoii jll. c, 98. [1804.

taring to the recovering, allowing, or paying any arrears thereof refpe&ively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto refpe&ively, which (hall have been incurred at any time before or on the faid tenth day of Oftobtr one thoufand eight hun-^toduties or ^rcc*an<* ^our)> Provided always,that nothing in this a& contained | drawbacks	&all extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal, or in anywife

granted by	alter, the duties or drawbacks granted by an a& of the thirty-

39 and 40 ninth and fortieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, Geo. 3. c.*7« Jn afi for the union Great Britain and Ireland.

II. And whereas the commons of Great Britain and Ireland, in parliament ajfembled, towards raijing the necejfary fupplies to defr&j the expences of the juft and necejfary war in which your Motjeftj is en* [ gaged% have refohea to grant to your Majejly feveral new and additional and other duties on farnped vellum, parchment and paper, and upon other articles and things under the management of the commifi jtoners of the ftamp~duties\ and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majcfty that it may be ena&cd, and be it therefore enaAed, From Oft. 10, That, from and after the faid tenth day of O&ober one thoufand , d* tks^nd eight hundred and four,in lieu and inftead of the faid duties refpec-drawbacks in lively by this a& repealed, there ihall be raifed, levied, collected, the annexed and paid, in England unto his Majefty, his hcirs,and fucceflors, for fchedules fhall and in refpedt of the feveral inftruments, articles, matters, and be paid and things, mentioned, enumerated, and described in the fchedules owc marked (A.) and (B.) hereunto annexed, the feveral fums of money and duties as they are refpe&ively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in the column of the faid fchedules marked (A.) and £B.), intituled, “England*” and that there {hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid in like manner in Scotland, the feveral fums of money and duties as they are refpe&ively inferted, deferred, and fet forth in the column of the faid fchedules marked (A.) and (B.), intituled “Scotland-” and that there (hall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in refpedt of all fuch articles, matters, or things, as are inferted, enumerated, and defcribed in the fchedule marked (C.) hereunto annexed, the feveral allowances, drawbacks, or fums of money, as the fame are refpec-tively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in the faid fchedule marked (C.)

Aft not to III. And be it further ena&ed, That nothing in this a& con-liccnce mm- *a*nc<* extend, or be conftrued to extend, to make void any ed under any licence or licences granted under or by virtue of any taw or laws taw in force relating to his Majefty’s ftamp-duties, in force before or on the on Oft. 10, tenth day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and four, or to ikences52? require or compel any perfon, to whom any fuch licence (hall ftage coaches, have been granted, to renew or take out any frcfli licence until the end and expiration of the term for which any licence was granted, fave and except all fuch licences as may or (hall have been granted under the authority aforefaid, to any perfon orper-fons for employing any publick ftage coach or carriage for the purpofe of conveying paflengers for hire.

IV. And

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be law- Allowance to ful to and for the faid commiflioners for managing the duties on ** for ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and they are hereby di- term^fuch relfced and required, to dedult and allow, to fuch perfons refpec- licences, dvely as (hall pay the duties by this alt impofed on licences for

keeping or employing publick ft age coached or carriages for the purpofe of carrying paliengers for hire, at and after the rate of one (hilling and three-pence for each and every entire quarter of a year which may remain unexpired of the term of any former licence granted to any fuch perfons refpeltively for the like purpofe.

V.	And be it further enaltcd, That nothing in this alt con- Aft not to tained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to annul or make^traafor"^ void any contralt or agreement, made or entered into by his Ma- forming the jetty’s commif&oners for managing the duties on ftamped vellum, poft-horfe parchment, and paper, under or by virtue of any law or laws in duties.

force before or on the faid tenth day of Ottaber one thoufand eight hundred and four, for letting to farm the rates and duties on horfes let to hire, for travelling poft, and By time; any thing in this a St contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftand-

mg.

VI.	And be it further enaHed, That, for the better and more Duties to be ?ffe&ual levying and collelting the duties by this alt granted, the

fame (hall be under the government, care, and management of the S**he com-rommiffioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties miffioners for >n ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major ttamps, who part of them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and ^ccr^How rmploy fuch officers under them for that purpofe, and to allow foi^es) pro-W fuch falaries and incidental charges as may be neceffary, and to vide ftainpi, >rovide fuch marks, ttamps, or dies, in order to denote any of &c. ihe feveral duties payable by virtue of this alt, whenever they fee Kcafion, to ufe fuch ttamps as (hall have been heretofore prodded to denote any former duties on ftamped vellum, parchment,

>r paper, or to caufe new ttamps to be provided for the purpofe >f denoting the duties granted by this alt, and to alter or renew he fame refpeltively from time to time, and to do all other hings neceflary to be done for putting this alt into execution, with relation to the faid duties hereby gi anted, in the like and in is full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, ire authorifed to put in execution any law or laws concerning tamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

VII.	And be it further enalted, That it (hall be lawful for the Commiffion-aid commiffioners for managing the duties on vellum, parchment, ers may ilfue, ind paper, and they are hereby authorifed to iffue any vellum, Pufc°Y*l-)archment,or paper, ftamped before the tenth day of Ofiober with [Um, &c!Ve * my ftamp or mark denoting any duty of like amount, with any ftaxnpcd be*

>f the duties fpecified in the faid fchedule; or for any perfons, fore Oft. 10, laving in their pofTeffion any fuch vellum, parchment, or paper, 'Xnot o iffue, ufe, or apply the fame, in like manner as if the fame had in^duticTcf* >een ftamped with ttamps or dies exprefsly provided under the like amount luthority of this alt* any thing in this alt to the contrary not- withthofe

VIII. And

380 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gborgxi IU. c. 98. [1804;

Duties and VIII, And be it further enaded, That the faid fcveral fums of drawbacks to monCy refpedively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in the faid allowedfchedules marked (A.) and (B.) as duties payable to hit Majefty, former duties his heirs and fucceiTors, and the feveral allowances, drawbacks, and draw* and fums of money, for or in refped of the feveral articles, mat-backs; and ters, an(| things inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in the (aid fche-^^eradt^, ^ulc marked (C.) (hall and maybe refpedively raifed, levied, except hereby colleded, anfwe/ed, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated,.and altered, to ex-allowed, except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this tend to this, in fuch and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or fpecial means, ways, or methods, by which the former duties under the management of the (aid commiflionersof damped vellum, parchment, or paper refpedively, and the allowances and drawbacks under the management of the faid commif-fioners refpedively, were or might be raifed, levied, collected, anfwered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed; and the feveral perfons, and alfo all vellum, parchment, paper, or Other material of what nature or kind foever, upon which any matter or thing (ball be written, printed, or ingroffed, and by this ad refpedively made liable to the payment of duty, and alio the feveral other articles, matters, and things, by this ad refpedively made liable to the payment of duty, or which (hall be entitled to any allowance or drawback as refpedively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in the faid fchedules, marked (A.) (B.) and (C.), (hall be, and the fame are hereby made, except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this ad, fubjed and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, and reftridions, to which fuch perfons, and aUb fuch vellum, parchment, paper, or other material of what nature or kind ibever, upon which any fucb matter or thing as aforefaid (hall be written, printed,or eogrofled, and other articles, matters, and things as aforefaid,were generally or fpecially fubjed and liable by any ad or ads of parliament in j force before or on the faid tenth day of Oflobtr one thoufend eight hundred and four, refpeding the duties under the management of the faid commiffioners of (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper; , and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture (except where any alteration is exprefsly made by this ad}, for any offence what foever, committed againft or in breach of any ad or ads of parliament now in force, before or on the faid tenth day of Ofttbtr one thoufand eight hundred and four, for fecuring the duties under the management of the faid commiffioners of (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or for the regulation or improvement of the faid duties, and the feveral claufes, powers, provifions, di-redions, matters, and things therein contained (unlefs where exprefsly altered by this ad},-(hall, and are hereby dire&ed and declared to extend to, and (hall be refpedively applied, pradifed, * and put in execution, for and in refped of the feveral duties by this ad charged, impofed, and allowed, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if all and every the faid claufes, provifions, powers, diredions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, matters, and things, were particularly re-t	pcated	and rc-cnaded in the body of this ad.

k	*	IX,	And

1804.] Anno regoi quadragefimo quarto Georcii III. c. 98. 381

IX.	And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or perfons Perfons coun-whatfoever (hall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be

forged or counterfeited, any mark, (lamp, or die, which (hall be gujj^of ° provided, made, or lifed in purfuance of this aft, or (hall coun- felony with-terfeit or refemblc, or caufe or procure to be counterfeited or re- out clergy, fembled, the impreflion of any fuch mark, (lamp, or die, upon any vellum, parchment, paper, or other material, or upon any other matter or thing, or the impreflion of the (lamp or die, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, allowed to be iffued, ufed, or applied under the authority of this aft, thereby to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, of any of the duties by this aft charged or impofed, or if any perfon or perfons (ball utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, paper, or other material, or other matter or thing, with fuch forged or counterfeit mark, damp, or impreflion thereupon, knowing fuch mark, (lamp, or impreflion to be forged or counterfeit, every fuch perfon fo offending, being thereof convifted in due form of law, (lull be judged a felon, and (hall fuffer death, as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

X.	And be it further enafted, That, from and after the (aid From Oft. io, tenth day of Oflober one thoufand eight hundred and four, it (hall

not be lawful for any perfon or perfons whatfoever to commence, naltiestb^l be profecute, enter, or file, or caufe or procure to be commenced, commenced profecuted, entered or filed, any aftion, bill, plaint or information, but in name in any of his Majefty’s courts, or before any jurftice or juftices of the peace, or other magiftrate or magiflrates whatfoever, againft {England, any perfon or perfons, for the recovery of any fine, penalty, or and advocate forfeiture, made or incurred by virtue of this or any other aft or for Scotland, afts of parliament relating to nis Majefty’s (lamp-duties, or any ?fthe other duties under the management of the commiflioners of the gamp-duties, duties on damped vellum, parchment and paper, for the time being, unlefs the fame be commenced, profecuted, entered, or filed in the name of his Majefty’s attorney general, or his M4-jefty’s advocate for Scotland, as the cafe may be, in England or Scotland refpeftively, or in the name of the folicitor or fome other officer of his Majefty’s (lamp-duties in England or Scotland refpeftively; and if any aftion, bill, plaint, or information, (hall be commenced, profecuted, entered, or filed, in the name or names of any other perfon or perfoi\$ than is or are in that behalf before-mentioned, the fame, and every proceeding thereupon had; are hereby declared, and the fame (hall be null and void to all intents and purpofes.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That no (ingle inftmmcnt, No inftru-article, matter, or thing, which by this aft is fubjeft or liable to

only one fp.ecifick duty, (hall be charged or chargeable under any 0niyDfliall £e two or more feparatc and diftinft heads or denominations; any charged under thing in this or any other aft or afts of parliament contained to feparate the contrary in any wife notvvithftanding.	heads.

XII.	And whereas by an aftypajfed in the twentieth year of the reign

of bis prefent Majefly King George the Third, intituledy An aft for to Geo. 3. granting to his Majefty feveral additional duties on advertife- c. a$. ments, and certain duties on receipts for legacies, or for any (hare of a perfonal eftate divided by force of the ftatute of diftfibutions,

or	At

*3 Gco.i. c.58. and

»6 Geo, 3.

3$i Anno regni quadragefimo quarto GeorgIi III. c. 98. f 1804* or the cuftom of any province or place; by one other off, made inr the twenty-third year of his prefent Mayejiy, intituled, An ad for granting to his Majefty feveral additional yid new duties upon damped vellum, parchment, and paper, and alfo for repealing certain exemptions from the ftamp-duties; and by one other afi9 made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, in-,	tituled\ An ad for granting to his Majefty feveral additional ftamp-

^,51. recited, jmfcg on probates of wills, letters of adminiftration, aod on re.

ceipts for legacies, or for any (hare of a perfonal eftate divided by 2)uties charg- force of the ftatute of diftributions; certain duties are charged afts oiHegJu uPon receiPts or other difeharges for and in refpeft of legacies given or tics derived bequeathed by or derivedfrom perfons who died previous to the twenty from perfons feventh day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix: end who died pi e- whereas it is expedient to continue the f aid duties on receipts or £f-t^nl charges for and in refpeft of fuch legacies fo given or bequeathed by continue for derived from perfons who died previous to the faid twenty fieventh day two years of April one thoufandfeven hundred and ninety-fix^for and during the from Od. xo, fgrm tWo years9 from the tenth day of Odober one thoufand eight 1 °*'	hundred and four: be it therefore enacted. That the faid duties on

legacies, given or bequeathed by or derived from perfons who died previous to the twenty-feventh day of April one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-fix, (hall be and remain payable, and (hall# be paid to and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ce(lors,for and during the faid term of two years, from and afterthe faid tenth day of ORober one thoufand eight hundred and four, any thing in this ad or any other ad or ads of parliament contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding; and that, from and after the expiration of two years from and after the tenth day of October one thoufand eight hundred and four, every fuch receipt or other difeharge for or in refped of any legacy given or bequeathed by or derived from any perfon whatever, whether fuch perfons mall have died previous to or fince the twenty-feventh day of April one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-fix, (hall be, and the fame is hereby made fubjed and liable to the refpedive duties on receipts or other difeharges f<* legacies mentioned, inferted, and fet forth in the fchedule marked ,	(A.) hereunto annexed,

words^o be XIII. And be it further enaded, That all and every perfon or painted on perfons who (hall be duly licenfed to keep any coach, berlio, Ian-ftage-coaches. dau, chariot,diligence, calafh, chaife-marine, chaife chair, or other carriage, with two or more wheels, by what name foever the fame is or hereafter (hall be called or known, to be employed as a publick ftage coach or carriage for the purpofe of conveying paffengers forhire to and from different places in Great Britain,r (hall, and he, (he, or they, is and arc refpedively direded and required to paint, or caufe to be painted, on the outfide of each door of each fuch carriage, or on fome other confpicuous part thereof, in legible letters or charaders, of at lead two inches in length, and in a different colour from the ground on which the fame are painted, the words, 4i Licenfed to carry not exceeding ^	four, fix, eight, ten,” or more paffengers, as the licence obtained

for fuch carriages refpedively fhali fpecity or exprefs; and if ar.y

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98.	383

perfon or perfons (hall employ or make ufc of any fuch carriage Penaltyof 10/.

asaforefaid for carrying paflengers for hire to and from different j?r ne^c?»or

places in Great Britain, without having the faid words painted on more^han*fhe

the outfide of each door of fuch carriage, or in fuch other con* fpecifvdnum-

fpicuous part thereof, and in fuch manner as is herein-before di- her of perfons.

reded, or lhall at any time carry more infide paflengers (children

in lap excepted) than (hall be fpecified or expreflcd in the licence

for ufing fuch carriage, and the words fo painted on the outfide of

fuch doors or other confpicuous part of fuch carriage, every ptr-

ion fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and

kfe the fum of twenty pounds.

XIV.	And be it further enadled. That every perfon who (hall, Certain per-for or in expectation of any fee, gain, or reward, diredtly and in- J118 dircftly, draw or prepare any conveyance of, or deed relating to, ances^c^oa any real or perfonal elVate, or any proceedings in law or equity, penalty 0/50/. other than and except feijeants at law, barrifters, folicitors, at-

tornies, notaries, proliors, agents, or procurators, having obtained regular certificates, and fpecial pleaders, draftsmen in equity, and conveyancers, being members of one of the four inns of court, and having taken out the certificates, mentioned in the faid fchedule to this alt annexed, at the head office in London, of the comraiffioners for managing the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment and paper, and other than and except perfons foJeiy employed to engrofs any deed, infirument, or other proceedings not drawn or prepared by themfelves and for their own account refpe&ively, and other than and except publick officers drawing or preparing official inftruments applicable to their refpeltive offices, and in courfeof their duty, (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the fum of fifty pounds: Provided always, that no- Exceptions, thing herein-contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent any perfon or perfons drawing or preparing any will or other teftamentary papers, or any agreement not under feal, or any letter of attorney.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That nothing contained in an Duty of $x. aft pafled in the twenty-fifth vear of the reign of his prefent Ma- warrant* jefty, (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent any fo- fui£u^Cmay iicitor, attorney, notary, proltor, agent, or procurator, charging be charged by in his bill or bills of fees, charges, or difburfements, the amount folidtori,

of the duty of five (hillings by this act granted on warrants, mandates, authorities, minutes, or memorandums, given to commence, carry on, or defend, any fuit or profecution; any thing in this a& contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVI.	And whereas it may happen that Jlationtrs and other perfons may, after the pajfsng of this afl, haveftamps which have not been ufed% and wbicb% from the alterations herein made, may not be applicable to the purpofes for which they were originally intended; and it is exper dient that fuchft a ti oners and other perfons Jhould be allowed to exchange

the fame for other ft amps j be it therefore enalted. That it (hall Stamps brand may be lawful to and for the commilfioners for the duties 00 damped vellum, parchment, and paper, and they are hereby au- jlhangedwith-thorifod and required, at any time within twelve months after in \% months.

the

I

384 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii 1*11. c. 98. [1804,

the palling of this aft, to deliver to fuch perfons as (hall apply for the fame, in exchange for ftamps which by the alterations in this aft made may have become ufeiefs or inapplicable to the pur-poles for which they were originally intended, fuch other ftamps as the party or parties applying (hall require, without regard to the value or amount of each ftamp returned, fo as the value or amount of the whole quantity of ftamps to be delivered doth not exceed the aftual value or amount of the whole quantity of ftamps returned ; any thing in this aft or other aft or afts of parliament) contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding. Coraraiflion- XVII, And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful to and for the commiflioners of his Majefty's damp-duties to ex-fooiled upon* change, in the manner and under the fpecial circumftances men-fathfadory	tioned in an aft, made in the fifth year of the reign of his pre-

proof.	fent Majefty, intituled. An oft for the altering the ft amp-duties vpa

aimiffton into corporations or companies, andfor further fewing onI improving the ftamp-duties in Great Britain, any ftamps which fhall have been fpoiled, whether the inftrument on which the ftamp is or may be imprcfled (hall have been executed or not, upon fuch proof on oath,'or folemn affirmation in the cafe of the people called ^uakers% to the fatisfaftion of the faid commiflioners, as they fliall requirej and, in order to prevent any fraudulent claims that may be made in refpeft of the allowance hereby granted, it fliall alfo be lawful for the faid commiflioners to make fitch rules and orders for regulating the methods, and limiting the times, for cancelling or allowing other (lamps on vellum, parchment, or paper, in lieu of fuch as have been by any means fpoiled, damaged, or rendered unfit for ufe, and which have not . beenaftually made ufe of for the purpofes intended, as they thall find neceflary and convenient for effeftually fecuring the dudes under their management, and doing juftice to the parties claim* ing the benefit of fuch indulgence.

No damn- A VIII. And be it further enafted. That, from and after the P*®ng of this a&, no damp-duty whatever (hall be chargeabe comnuffions or ch*rg«d* or payable or paid, for or in refpeft of any commit* in theyeo- fions granted to any officers of the yeomanry cavalry or voiuo-manry ca- teer infantry; any thing in any aft of parliament to the contrary yalry, or vo- notwithftanding.

lrateer man- XIX. And be it further enafted. That pothing in this aft con-Aft not to	(hall	extend	or	be	conftrued	to	extend,	to	charge	with	any

extend to cer- duty by this aft impofed, any proceedings whatever with refped tain proceed- to any perfon or perfons that (hall be admitted to fue or defend ^8®*	in formd pauperis, nor any proceedings of any court-martial which

relate to any trial of any common foldier, nor any orders, decrees, or proceedings before any commiflioners of fewers, or in the court of (tanneries, nor any inftruments, matters, or things which by virtue of the afts palled in his prefent Majefty’s reign relating to the redemption or purchafe of any land-tax, or any of them, are fpecially exempted from ftamp-duties j any thing in this aft, or any other aft or afts of parliament^ contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

XX. And

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii HI. c. 98.	385

XX.	And be it further enabled, That no promiflorv note or No note pay. other note for the payment to the bearer on demand, or any fum hewer of money exceeding the fum of twenty pounds, fave and except ° “r nothin promiflory notes or other notes for the payment by or on ac- *0/. (except count of the bank of Scotland^ or royal bank of Scotland) or the notes of the Britijh linen company, to the bearer on demand, of the fum of one ®an£ hundred pounds, (hall be re-ifliied on any pretence whatever j {^JJj orthe but when and as foon as any fuch note for the payment of any BritHh linen fum of money exceeding twenty pounds, fave and except fuch company,) note for one hundred pounds as aforefaid, (hall be paid by or fh*11 hereunder the order or authority of the perfon or perfons by whom ^

or on whofe account the fame was figned, or his, her, or their celled, on executors, ad mini ft ra tors, or affigns, or in purfuance of any di- penalty ofao/. region, nomination, or appointment for the payment thereof, contained or exprefTed in or upon any fuch note, the fame (hall be taken and conftrued to be thereupon wholly difeharged, vacated, and fatisfied, and (hall be no longer negociable or transferable to any intent or purpofe whatever, but (hall be forthwith cancelled; and if any perfon or perfons (hall ifTuc, utter, or negociate, or caufe to be iflued, uttered, or negociated, any fuch promiflory note or other note after any fuch payment thereof aforefaid, or if any perfon or perfons, by whom fuch payment as aforefaid (hall be made, (hall neglefl or refufe to cancel the fame, or caufe the fame to be cancelled, every fuch perfon or peifons fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XXI.	And be it further enabled, That no promiflory note or No note pay-other note for the payment of money to any amount whatever abI*to hearer to the bearer on demand, which may now by law be rciflued, and whicMhall* which (hall bear date, or which (hall have been iflued before or bear date be-on the tenth day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and four, tore or on (hall, on any pretence whatever, be reiffued after the tenth day of IO* l8o4» October one thoufand eight hundred and five; but when and as foon a^‘

as any fuch note (hall, after the faid tenth day of Oftober one thou- o&. io, 1805,

fand eight hundred and five, be paid by or under the authority of but (hall be

the perfon or perfons by whom or on whofe behalf or on whofe ac- cancelled, on

count the fame was figned, or his, her, or their executors, admi- ly 0

niftrators, or afligns, or in purfuance of any diregion, nomination,

or appointment for the payment thereof, contained or exprefled in'

or upon any fuch note, the fame (hail be taken and conftrued to

be thereupon wholly difeharged, vacated, and fatisfied, and (hall

be no longer negociated or transferable to any intent or purpofe

whatever, but (hall be forthwith cancelled ; and if any perfon or

perfons (hall, after the faid tenth day of Ofttber one thoufand

eight hundred and five, iflue, utter, or negociate, or caufe to be

iffued, uttered, or negociated, any fuch promiftory or other note

as aforefaid, after any fuch payment thereof as aforefaid, or if any

perfon or perfons by whom fuch payment as aforefaid (hall be

made, (hall neg!e& or retufe to cancel the fame, or caufe the fame,

to be cancelled, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending (hall,

for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

VoL. XLV,	C c XXII. And

tain iize.

&c.

Annoregni quadrageftmo quarto Gsougii III. c. 98. [1804.

XXII.	And be it further ensued. That np new fpa per, or paper containing publick news, intelligence, or occurrences, fhall be printed in Great Britain, to be difperfed and made publick, on K ne fba	paper	exceeding thirty-two inches in length end twenty-two

thallbTpnnt- inches in breadth ; nor (hall the commiffioners for managing his cd on paper Majefty’s damp-duties mark or ftamp, or caufe or ftrffer to be above accr- marked or damped, with the damp for denoting the duty on newfpapcrs, any paper of a larger fize than thirty-two inches in length and twenty-two inches in breadth : any thing in any ati A or ads of parliament to the contrary in any wife not with ft and ing. 18**!execXXIII. And be it further ensded, That, from arid after the tors/fre. of tenth day of Oflober one thoufand eight hundred and four, ail periods do executors* adminiftrators, and neareft in kin, creditors or others, ceafed in Scot- w^0 jntromit with or enter upon the pofleffion or management

bitupon'oath a^ or any l^c Prr^ona^ or moveable eftate or effeds of any in the com- deceafed perfon in Scotland, fhall, on or before difpoftng of or roiflary court, diftributing any part of fuch effects, or uplifting any debts doe to an inventory tjjC deceafed, and at all events within fix calendar months next eftate and0™*1 a^er having aflhmed fuch pofleffion or management in whole or in effeftsofthe part, and before any fuch perfon or perfons fhall be confirmed deceafed, to executor or executors teftamentary, or executor or executors be regiftered, dative, exhibit upon oath, in the proper confiftoriai court called the Commijfary Courts a full and complete inventory of fuch eftate end effedb, either already recovered or known to be exifting, diftinguifhing whether fituated in Scotland or elfewhere, likewise any will or other writing relative to the difpofal of fuch eftate or effeds, or any part of them, which the perfon or perfons exhibiting fuch inventory may have accefs to* arid the faid inventory, together with the will or other writing, (if any fuch there be), fhall be recorded in the books of the faid court, without any other expence to the party than the ordinary fees of regiftiation, and'without prejudice to the laws of Scotland, in other refpefts regarding total or partial confirmations, or the rules of fucceflion " there eftablifhed, and without prejudice or increafe of the fees payable upon confirmations, which (hall remain as they are at prefent j any thing herein to the contrary norwithftanding: 2nd in cafe at any period a difeovery (hall be made of other effects belonging to the deceafed, which, on account of their not being Jcnown at the time, were omitted in the faid original inventory, an additional inventory or inventories of the fame (hall, in like manner, be exhibited upon oath, and recorded by any perfon or perfons intromitting with or affuming the management thereof; and in cafe any fuch perfon or perfons fhall negled or refufe to exhibit any fuch original or additional inventory, or (hall knowingly omit any part of any fuch eftate and efifeds therein, every perfon fo negleding, or refuting, or omitting, (bail forfeit a Turn not exceeding double the valqe of the ftamp-duty payable according to the fchedule (A.) hereunto annexed, upon the amount of fuch eftate and effeds of which any inventory ought to have been exhibited in the manner herein direded, or upon the fum lo omitted therein, nor lefs than one hundred pounds for each fuch

negleft,

Penalty for negied.

1804.] Aano regni quadragelimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98.	387

neglefl, refufal, or omiffion ; to be recovered and applied in the fame manner at any penalty may by this aft be recovered and applied.

XXIV, And be it further enafted, That in any cafe where it Where indru-ihall appear to the commiilioners of his Majefty’s (lamp-duties, upon oath or affirmation, to be made before any one or more of change'sic. the faid commiilioners (which oath or affirmation he or they is have without or are hereby authorifed to adminifter), or otherwife to their fa- fraudulent in-tisfaflion, that any inftrument, matter, or thing whatfoevef	otUm

(except bills of exchange,promiflory notes or other notes, drafts, proper lUrnpV, orders, or receipts, required by law to be ingrofled, printed, or the commif-written on (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper), hath been in- Goners may graded, printed, or written on vellum, parchment, or paper, not	***"

duly damped with a (lamp of the value by this a61 required, either brought to be by accident or inadvertency, or from urgent necedhy or unavoid- duly ftamped able circumdances, and without any wilful delay or intention in within twelve any party or parties thereto, to evade the duties by this aft im-	.

poled, or to defraud his Majefty thereof, and fuch inftrument, and may matter, and thing, (hall be brought to the faid commiilioners to ftamp receipts be ftamped within twelve months after the making or execution as now *1* thereof, it (hall be lawful for fuch commiflioners of his Majefty’slowed*

(lamp-duties to remit the penalty payable on (lamping fuch in-liniment, matter, or thing, or any part thereof, as they (hall deem expedient ; and every perfon concerned in ehgrofimg, printing, or writing any fuch inftrument, matter, or thing, or in making or executing the fame, (hall be, and he or (be is hereby freed, dif-	1

charged, and indemnified from all further penalties or forfeitures,	'

than fuch penalties or forfeitures, or fuch parts thereof, as (hall	\

not be remitted by order of the faid commiflioners of his Ma-jelly’s damp-duties: Provided always, that nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent the.faid commiflioners from damping any receipts allowed to be ftamped, after the fame (hall have been written and figned, under fuch and tbe like circumdances, redriclions, and regulations, as fuch receipts may now be da/nped: provided alfo, that it (hall be lawful for the laid commiflioners, and they are hereby authorifed to make all fuch payments and allowances as are by any aft or afts now in force, in relation to the duties on vellum, parchment, or paper, or any of thofe heretofore directed to be made, paid, and allowed by the faid commiflioners, and are not by this aft, or the fchedule hereto annexed, varied, altered, or exprefsly repealed; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV, And be it further enadted, That fo much of an aft, palled in the tbirty-feventh year of his prevnt M^cfty’s reign, c an^'3* intituled, Anafl	for granting to bis Majejiy certain on,

the fevtral matters therein mentioned, and for better ftcuring the duties on certificates to be taken out by folicitcr, attorniesy and others

praflijing in certain courts of jujiice in Great Biitain, as direfts that, in refpeft of each and every copyhold tenement of the value of twenty (hillings per annum or upwards, mentioned in any fur-render, admittance, or copy of court roll of any honour or *	Cca	manor,

388 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804.

manor, and each and every cuftom-right or tenant-right tenement, not being copyhold (of the value before mentioned), in any furrender, admittance, or inftrument of admittance, whereupon a feveral fine {hall be due and payable to the lord or lady of any honour or manor, or a feveral fee {hall be demanded or re-ceived by any fteward or deputy Reward of fuch honour or manor, a diftind and feveral Ramp-duty (hall be charged according to the amount of all the duties impofed thereon by the faid a&, or any former adt or ads in force on or immediately before the paffing of the faid ad $ and alfo fo much of the faid ad 'as impofes a penalty upon any fteward or other officer of any copyhold court, or of any cuftomary or tenant-right court, for demanding, taking, or receiving any fuch fine or fee as aforefaid, without, at the fame time, demanding and receiving the ftamp-duty in refped of each feveral and diftindl tenement as aforefaid; and alfo fo much of another ad, pafled in the thirty-eighth year jS Geo. v of his faid Majefty’s reign, intituled, An afi for explaining and €.85* repealed, amending certain alls relating to the famp-duties, and for extending the rates and duties ofjlamps now payable on vellum, parchment, and fapery to all other materials, as relates to the (lamp-duties charged in refped of any furrender, admittance, copy of court roll, or inftrument of admittance of or to any copyhold tenement, or any cuftomary or tenant-right eftate, and as impofes any penalties upon any fteward or officer of any copyhold court, or cuftomary or tenant-right court, in relation to fuch duties, fhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXVI. And be it further enaded, That all the monies arifing by the duties by this ad impofed (hall, from time to time, be paid nCTaVof ftamp- into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of the duties, and duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who (hall pay bT him into the fame (the neceffary charges of railing, paying, and accounting querfand" ^or ^ame9 being firft deducted) into the receipt of the exche-carried to the quer, at fuch time and in fuch manner as the former duties confolidated charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, were dire&ed to be paid; and the faid money, fo paid into the faid receipt, (hall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund of Great Britain; and that, at the end of every quarter of a year after the faid tenth day of Oflober one thoufand eight hundred and four, that is to fay, on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of Julyy and the tenrh day of Ofhbery in every year, there (hall be fet apart at the faid receipt, out of the monies arifing by the duties by this adl granted, a fum of (even hundred fixty-nine thoufand three hundred fixty-five pounds nineteen (hillings and fixpence, being one-fourth part of the fum of three millions fevertty-feven thoufand four hundred fixty-three pounds and eighteen (hillings, the average yearly produce of two years, ending the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four, of the duties which are by this a£t repealed; and that, after fetting apart fuch quarterly fums as aforefaid, the remainder of the monies arifing by the duties by this a£t granted, (hall be deemed an addition maoe to the revenue for the purpofe

Doties to be paid to the receive r-gc-

fund«

dication

uties.

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgn III. c. 98.	389

of defraying the increafed charge occafioned by any loan made or ftock created or to be created by virtue of any ad or adls patted or to be palTed in this feflion of parliament; and, during the fpace of ten years next enfuing, there (hall be provided and kept, in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt, a book or books, in which all the furplus monies arifing from the faid rates or duties, and paid into the faid receipt, (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, on any account whatever.

XXVII. And be it further enaded, That all fines, penalties, Recovery *rd and forfeitures impofed or created by this aft, except where other- *Ppl|c*tion w.fe exprefsly dircded, (hall be fued for, recovered, levied, or mi-tigated, by fucb ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws in force on or before the tenth day ofOftobtr one thoufand eight hundred *nd four, for fecuring and improving his Majefty’s ftamp-duties, or by adlion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majefty's courts of record at Wejlminjler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpedively; and from and after the paffing of this ad, all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, heretofore impofed or granted by any a& or ads relating to the duties on vellum, parchment, or paper, or this ad, (hall go and be applied to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, any thing in any ad or ads to the contrary notwithftandiog: Provided always, that it (hall be lawful for the commiflioners for managing the ftamp-duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, in	1

every cafe in which any part of any fuch fine, penalty* or forfei* ture, was by any fuch ad or adts given to any informer, to give fucb part of any luch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, or any proportion thereof, as the faid commiflioners (hall deem expedient, to any perfon who may inform for or difcover any offence, in refpedt of which any fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be difcovercd, or affift in the recovery thereof,

/

•CHEDULES

39°r Anno rcgni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804.

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

Schedule (A.) STAMP-DUTIES.

Name and Defcription of the Inftt uroent. Article, or Thing* on which the Duty attaches.	England.	Scotland.
ARTICLES or Contrad whereby anr perfon dull become bound to ferve as a Clerk in order to bis admiffion as a Solicitor or Attorney in purfuance of the'laws now in force in any of	£■ '• d-	£• S-
his Majcfty’s courts at Weftminfter - -Articles or Contract whereby any perfon (hall become bound to ferve as a Clerk, in order to his Admiffion as a Solicitor or Attorney in any of the courts of great feffions in Wales, of in the counties-palatine of Chefter, Lancafter, or Durham, or in any court of record in England* holdingpleas, where the debt or damage (hall amount to forty (hillings or upwards, not being	no —		
in any of his Majefty's courts at Weftminfter Alignment of fuch articles or contrail, or new articles or contrail for the refidue of a term,	55 — “	
occafioned by the death of any former mafter Admittance of or Inftrument for admitting any Attorney, Clerk, Advocate, ProSor, or other Officer in any court whatfoever in England -  SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS,  Annual Officer in any corporation or inferior court, whofe office is under the value of .£.10 per annum in falaries, fees, or other perquifites.  Perfon aHually and legally fworn, ad. mitted, and enrolled to be an Attorney In the courtrof King’s-bench, common pleas, exchequer, counties palatine of Chefter, Lancafter, Durham, or great	1 10 —	
	20		1

k

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.

Nunc and Description of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

England.

_____J____

Scotland.

feflions in Wales, not chargeable with any (lamp-duty on his admittance as Solicitor in any court or courts of equity.

Perfon actually and legally fworn, admitted, and inrftlled to be a Solicitor in any court of equity not chargeable with any damp-duty on his admittance as Solicitor in any other court of equity.

Perfon aftually and legally fworn, admitted, and inrollcd as Solicitor in any of his Majefty’9 courts of equity at Weftminfter, not chargeable with any ftamp-du;y on his admittance as attorney of the court of King’s-bench or common pleas at Weftminfter. Certificate to be taken out by every Solicitor, At* torney, Notary, Proftor, Agent, or Procurator, previous to his commencing or defending any fuit or profecution, of his admifiion, inrolment, or regifter in any of his Majefty’s courts at Weftminfter, or in any ecclefiaftical court, or in any of the courts of admiralty, or in any of his Majefty’s courts in Scotland, the great fef-fions in Wales, or in any courts in the counties palatine, or in any other court in Great Britain holding pleas, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty (hillings or more j who (hall refide in any of the inns of court, or in the cities of London or Weftminfter, or within the limits of the two-penny pod, or within the city and (hire of Edinburgh, if he has not been admitted three years—yearly	-

If he hjis been admitted three years or more— yearly -------

Certificate to be in like manner taken out by every Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Pro£or, Agent, or Procurator, who (hall refide in any other part of Great Britain out of the limits above mentioned, if he has not been admitted three years—yearly If be has been admitted three years or more-yearly •	-	-	-	-	-



i.



t. d.

#

5 -—**'

10

3

6

39* Anno rcgni quadragefimo quarto Georgii IIF. c. 98. [1804.

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.

Name and Defcription of the Jnftruraent, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty nttachej.

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

	
England.	Scotland.
£>• *• &	L- <• '•

Every Officer or Clerk of any of the faid courts who is now, or at any time (hall be charged with the payment of land-tax in refpedt of his office or appointment in fuch court for or by reafon of his being employed in the condutf, care, or management of any adion, fuit, pro-fecution, or other proceeding therein relating to or concerning the buftnefs of his office or appointment only; and wherein fuch officer or clerk (hall not be alfo retained or employed by the party or parties to fuch a&ion, fuit, profecution, or other proceeding, or by any Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent, or Procurator, for or in expectation of any fee or reward over y and above the fee or reward therefore due and payable to fuch officer or clerk in refped of his office or appointment in fuch court.

Certificate to be taken out by every Special Pleader, Draftfman in any court of equity, Conveyancer, and every other perfon who, for or in expectation of any fee, gain, or reward, (hall draw or prepare any conveyance of or deed relating to any real or perfonal eftate, or any proceedings in law or equity; and refiding in the city of London or Weftminfter, or within the limits of the two-penny poft, or city or (hire of Edinburgh—yearly	-	-

Certificate to be taken out by every Special Pleader, Draftfman in any court of equity. Conveyancer, and every other perfon, who, for or in expectation of any fee, gain, or reward, (hall draw • or prepare any conveyance of or deed relating to any real or perfonal eftate, or any proceedings in law or equity, and residing in any part of Great Britain other than the city of London or Weftminfter, or within the limits of the two-penny poft, or city or (hire of Edinburgh —^•yearly	-

6------

10 —*

6------

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.

Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

England.

£. s. d.

Scotland.

i.	<L

Seijeants at Law.

Barrifters.

Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries, Proctors, Agents, or Procurators, having obtained regular certificates.

Perfons folely employed to ingrofs or copy any deed, inftrument, or other proceedings not drawn or prepared by them-felves and for their own account re-fpedlively.

Publick Officers drawing or preparing official inftruments applicable to their refpefHve offices and in the courfe of their duty.

Perfons preparing or drawing agreements under hand only, or wills.

Warrant, Mandate, Authority, Minute, or Memorandum given to any folicitor, attorney, notary, prodor, agent, or procurator , in Great Britain, to commence, carry on, or defend any fuit or profecution in any of his Majefty’s courts at Weftminfter, or in any ecdefiaftical court, or in any of the courts of admiralty or cinque ports, or in any of his Majefty’s courts in Scotland, the great feffions in Wales, or in any courts in the counties palatine, or in any other court holding pleas, where the debt or damage (hall amount to forty (hillings or more

“5 —

S —

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Warrant, Mandate, or Authority, to fue or defend, or any Memorandum or Minute thereof to be entered or filed of record in any a&ion, fuit, profecution, or other proceeding to be had, commenced, profecuted, or defended in any inferior court, wherein the debt or damage claimed or demanded (hall not amount to forty (hillings.

Warrant, Authority, or any other Document, for or in refpeft of any pro* feedings commenced, carried on, pro-

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Marne and Defcription of the lnftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

fccuted or defended in any of the courts aforefaid, upon any indictment whatfo-cver, or upon any information, fait, writ, or procefs in the name of his Majefty, hi$ heirs or fucceflbrs, or at the instance of his Majefty’s attorney-general, his Majefty’s advocate of Scotland, or any other officer or officers legally authorifed to profecute in his Majefty’s name, or to fue for his Ma-jefty’s intereft; but thefe exemptions not to extend to of include informations in the nature of quo warranto filed by his Majefty’s coroner and attorney in the court of King’s bench; nor to informations in any courts of equity at . the relation of private perfons; nor to informations wherein any perfon or persons other than his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, (hall be entitled to any penalty or forfeiturS, or any part thereof.

Writ, Mandate, or other Procefs whatfoever that (hall iffue out of or pafs the feals'of any of the courts at Weftminfter, courts of the great feffions in Wales, courts in the counties palatine, or any other court whatfoever, holding pleas where the debt or damage doth amount to forty (billings or above, or the thing in demand is of that value -	-

SPECIAL EXEMPTION.

Original Writ on which a writ of capias iffues.

Bail Special or Bail Common to be filed in any court of law whatfoever	-

Bail Bond -

Vtdf Bail Bond or Recognizance in Courts of Admiralty.

Alignment of Bail Bond -

Recognizance, whether entered of record in any court or office or not -	-

SPECIAL EXEMPTION.

Recognizance taken before anyjuftice or juftices of the peace.

England.



— 5 -

—	2

—	2

— 26

1---------

Scotland.

I* J- L

tame and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches*	^

\p pear a nee made in any a£Hon wherein no bail fhall be filed or put in	-

Declaration, Plea, Replication, or any other pleadings whatfoever in any court of law ^opy of any Declaration, Plea, Replication, or any other pleadings whatfoever, in any court of law And for every fheet or piece of paper of which any fuch declaration, plea, replica* lion, or other pleadings, or any copy thereof (hall confift, copied and computed as heretofore* over and above the firft fheet fb copied and computed -	•

Record of Nifi Prius -	....

Poftea	-

Judgement, any whatfoever, which fhall be figned by the mafter of any office, or his deputy or fecondary, or by any prothonotary or his fe-condary, deputy, or cleric, or any other officer belonging to any of the courts at Wefiminfter, who have power, or ufually doth or mall fign judgements -[nquifition taken by or before any fheriff of a county or his deputy	....

Writ of Error -	«...

Writ of Certiorari -	-	-

Entry of Adlion in the mayor's and fherifPs courts of London, and in courts of all corporations, and other courts whatfoever holding pleas, out of which no writ, procefs, or mandate (hall iflue, whefc the debt or damage doth amount to forty (hillings or above ... Affidavit to be made ufe of in any court of law or equity at Weftminfter, or in any courf of great feffions for the counties in Wales, or in the courts of the counties palatine of Chefter, Lancafter, or Durham -Office-Copy of any futh affidavit, as laft above-mentioned. «...

Vtdi alfo Affidavit to bo uftd in ecclcjiajlical courts or admiralty courts%

Affidavit not to be ufed in any court of law or equity SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Affidavits taken before any juftice or juf-tices of the peace, Or before the com-)

England*

C s. d.

—	26

—	— 4

-----4

—	10 —

—	io —

Scotland.

*• d*

—	IO —

—	IO —

— 26

—	26

—	26

— 2 —

SCHEDULE (A.)— continued.		
Name i nd Deicription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.	England.	Scotland.
miflioners or officers of any publick board of revenue, or before commif-fioners appointed or to be appointed by any ad of parliament, and authorifed to take affidavits.  Bill, Anfwer, Plea, Replication, or any other pleading whatfoever in the courts of chancery, exchequer, duchy court, and county palatine	£• i* d.	£. , i.
		
courts, or other courts of equity f Office-Copy of any bill, anfwer, plea, replication, or other pleadings whatfoever, in any fuch	— 5 —	**
court of equity - -  And for every folio, calculated at ninety words, of which any fuch copy as laft above mentioned (hall confift, over and above the firfl: folio fo calculated, a fur-	— 4	
tber duty of -Interrogatories in the courts of chancery, exchequer, duchy court, and county jpalatine courts, or	— 4	
other courts of equity - -Depofttions taken by Commiffion in the courts of	- 5 —	—
chancery, exchequer, duchy court, or county		
palatine courts or other courts of equity - -  SPECIAL EXEMPTION.  Paper Drafts of Depofitions in any court of equity taken by virtue of any com-sniffion before they are engrofled. Depofition taken (not by Commiffion) in the court	— 5 —	
of chancery, or any other court of equity -Office-Copy of any Interrogatories, or of depofitions taken, whether by commiffion or not, in any	— 4	
fuch court of equity -  And for every folio, calculated at ninety words each, of whUh any fuch copy of bill, anfwer, plea, replication, or other pleadings whatfoever, or interrogatories or depofitions, fhall confift, over and above		4	
the firft folio fo calculated, a further duty of Rule made in any of the courts of law or equity at		4	
Weftminfter .... Order made or given in any of the courts of law	— 26	
or equity at Weftminfter -Summons or any Judge of any of the courts at	— 26	
Wcftfunftcr «...	— I —	

SCHEDULE (A.)—continrued.

Ume and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

)rder made or given by any Judge of any of the courts at Wedminder. -	-

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Summons of any Judge for any particulars of plaintiffs demand, or for any ftay of proceedings on payment of debt and cods, or for further time to plead, reply, or rejoin, or on the application of any prifoner or infolvent debtor.

Order made or given by any judge on any fuch fummons as lad above mentioned.

Office-Copy of any rule made or order given in any of the courts of law or equity at Wed-minder, or by any judge of any of the courts at Wedminder -	-

3ffice-Copy of any record or proceeding (not being a rule made, or order made or given), in any of the courts of law or equity at Wedminder And for each and every fkin of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of paper, of which fuch copy (hall confift, over and above the firft fuch (kin, fheet, or piece, copied and computed as aforefaid, a further duty of -	-

decree made by or in the court of chancery or exchequer at Wedminder, of great feflions in Wales, or court of the county palatine or duchy of Lancader, or courts of the counties palatine of Cheder, or Durham - .	-

Difmiflion made by or in the court of chancery or exchequer at Wedminder, of great feflions in Wales, or court of the county palatine or duchy of Lancader, or courts of the counties palatine of Cheder or Durham

And for each and every fkin of vellum or parchment, or fheet or piece of paper, copied and computed as heretofore, of which any fuchdecree or difmiflion fhall confid, over and above the firft fuch fkin, fheet, or piece, a further duty of -	-

Libel in any ecclefiadical court -Allegation in any ecclefiadical court Depofidon in any ecclefiadical court

England.

£• d-

— 2 6

— 26



— 2 —

— 16

— 16

Scotland.

£. t. d.

1 6 5 — 5 — 5 “

Nameaud Ekfcriptionof the Instrument* Article, or Thing, " on which the Duty attaches.

Copy of Libel* Allegation* or Drpofition in any ecclefiaftical court . * ^	•

And for every (beet* copied and computed as heretofore* of which any fadi copy (hall confift, over above the fir(h (beet fo copied and computed* a further duty of -Monition or Citation made by or iftiied out of any eccleliaflical court Office-Copy of any fuch monition or citation made by or iffued out of any ecclefiaftical court -Anfwer in any ecclefiaftical court Sentence in any ecclefiaftical court Final Decree in any ecclefiaftical court'

Copy of any fentence or final decree, or anfwer in any ecclefiaftical court -	-

And for every flicet copied and computed as heretofore, of which any fuch copy (hall confift* over and above the firft fheet fo copied and computed* a further duty of Commiffion ifluing out of any ecclefiaftical court Inventory exhibited in any ecclefiaftical court Copy of any inventory exhibited in any ecclefiaftical court -

And for every (heet copied and computed as heretofore, of which any fuch copy (han confift* over and above the firft (beet fo copied and computed* a further duty of Certificate or Teftimonial of having taken or received the Holy Sacrament Licence for Marriage -	-	-

Certificate of Marriage ...

SPECIAL EXEMPTION.

England.

£•

s. d.

5 ~

4	•

5	■

—	5 — ~ 5 —

—	5 -

—	5 _

~ 5“

~ 4 — ~ 5 — ~ 5 —

— 5 —

4	~

5	-10 —

5 -

Scotland

£. t. I

Certificate of the marriage of any common feamen, marine, or foldier. Difpenfation to hold Two Ecclefiaftical Dignities or Benefices* or both a Dignity and a Benefice* where neither of the livings is above ten pounds value in the King’s Books Where either is above ten pounds -Any other difpenfation from the lord arch-bifhop of Canterbury or the matter of the faculties for the time being Faculty* from the lord archbilhop of Canterbury or the matter of the faculties for the time being

20------

30------

30------

30------

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.		_ m
Same and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.	England.	Scotland.
Matriculation in either of the two Univerfities in	£• s. d.	£- *■ *.
England - -legiftcr or Entry of any Degree taken in either of the two Univerfities in England, other than	— 10 —	
the degree of Bachelor of Arts Certificate or Teftimoniai of any degree taken in either of the two Univerfities in England,	6		-
other than the degree of Bachelor of Arts . legifter or Entry of the degree of Bachelor of Arts taken in cither of the two Univerfities in	IO 	 —	
England - -Certificate or Teftimoniai of the degree of Bachelor of Arts taken in either of the two Univerfities	3		1
in England -Vefentation or Donation of or to any benefice, dignity, or fpiritual or ecclefiaftical promotion whatfoever, which (ball be of the yearly value	3		
of ten pounds, or above, in the King’s Books Vcfentation or Donation of or to any benefice, dignity, or fpiritual or ecclefiaftical promotion whatfoever, under the yearly value of ten	20 — —	
pounds in the King’s Books Jollation which fhall be made by any aichbiftiopor other biihop of or to any benefice, dignity, or fpiritual or ecclefiaftical promotion whatfoever, which lhall be of the yearly value of ten pounds, or above, in the King’s Books lollation which (hall be made by any archbifhop or other bifhop of or to any benefice, dignity, or fpiritual or ecclefiaftical promotion whatfoever, under the yearly value of ten pounds in the	JO — —	
	20		
King's Books - - -uftitution or Licence which (hall pafs the feal of any archbilhop or bifhop, chancellor, or other ordinary, or of any ecclefiaftical court what-	10		
foever, in England - - -  SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS,  Licence appointing any Stipendiary Curate, in which the annual amount of the ftipend fhall be inferted, that fhall pafs the feal of any archbifhop or bifhop, chancellor or other ordinary, or of any ecclefiaftical court whatever, in England, Licence for Non-refidence of Clergymen	2		

400 Anno regni quadragcGnto quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804.		
SCHEDULE (A.)'—continued.	'	
Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.	England.	Scotland.
granted under the a& of the 43 Geo. 3. cap. 84.	£. s. d.	£. s. i
Copy of or Extract from any Will  And fofr every copy-fheet, calculated at ninety words eacn, of which any fuch copy of or extra# from any will, fliall confift, over and above the firft: copy-		
(beet fo calculated, a further duty of -Attefted Copy of a Probate ofany Will, or Letters	I —	—
of Adminiftration -  And for every ten common law iheets, (calculated at ninety words to each (beet), of which any fuch copy flihll confift over		
and above twenty fuch common law (heets.		-
a further duty of Appeal from any court of admiralty, court of arches,		 I 		—
or the prerogative court of Canterbury or		
York -Libel or Allegation in the courts of admiralty or	*5		10 —
cinque ports -	— 5 —	— 4 —
Inventory in the courts of admiralty or cinque ports	— 5 —	— 4 —
Dcpofition in the courts of admiralty or cinque ports Copy t>f any libel, allegation, depofition, or inven-	— 5 ~	— 4
tory, in the courts of admiralty or cinque ports	“ 5 “	— 4 —
And for every fheet copied and computet as heretofore, of which any fuch copy (hall confift, over and above the firft fheet fo		
. copied and computed, a further duty of Bail-Bond or Recognizance taken in the courts ol admiralty, or cinque ports holding admiralty	— 4 -	- 3-
jurifdidlion -  Vide Bail-Bonds in general•  Affidavit in any ecclefiaftical court, or courts ol:		-19-
admiralty or cinque ports ... Vide Affidavit in general.  Vide alfo Affidavit to be ttfed in courts of law. Copy of any affidavit in any ecclefiaftical court, or	~ 5 “	— 4n
courts of admiralty or cinque ports -	— 5 —	- 4-1
And for every meet copied and computed as heretofore, cf which any fuch copy fhall confift, over and above the firft fheet fo		
copied and computed, a further duty of Warrant by, or iffued out ofany court of admiralty	— 4 -	- 3^
or the cinque ports ...	—15 -	— lo *1

Name and Defcription of th« Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attache*

England*

Scotland*

Citation or Monition in any court of admiralty or the cinque port9* ‘	*	-

Anfwer in any court of admiralty or the cinque ports	-	-	-

Interlocutory Decree having the force and effedt of a definitive fentcnce, in any court of admiralty or the cinque ports	-

Copy of any fuch warrant, citation, monition, anfwer, or interlocutory decree, in any court of admiralty or the cinque ports -	.

And for every fheet copied and computed as heretofore, of which any fuch copy (hall confift, over and above the firft fheet fo copied and computed, a Further duty of Sentence in the courts of admiralty, or the cinque ports exercifing admiralty jurisdiction Attachment made out of any of the courts of admiralty, or cinque ports exercifing admiralty , jurifdiClron	-	•	-

Relaxation of any Attachment made out of any of the courts of admiralty, or cinque ports exercifing admiralty jurifdittion * -	»

Writ of Appeal	-	-	-	•

Letters of Mart or Marque and Reprifal Deed or other Inftrument of Conveyance, Surrender, Leafe, Releafe, Grant, Appointment, Confirmation, Aflignment, Transfer,Covenant, or any other Deed or any obligatory inftru-ment whatever (not otherwife charged in this fcbedule}, which may or (hall be inrolfed or regiftered, or not, upon any number of words not amounting to thirty Common law fheet* (calculated at feventy-two words to each (heet), of which any fuch deed or inftrument, as above-mtentioned, together with every fchcdule, receipt, inftrument, or other matter,' put or indorfed thereon, or annexed thereto, fhall confift	-

. And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law (beets (calculated at feventy-two. words to each fheet), of which any fuch deed, or other inftrument aforefaid, together with every fcbedule, inftrument, or other matter, not being a receipt for mdney, put or indorfed thereon, or Vot, XLV.	D	fi

£. s. d.

— 5 —

1 10 —

X 10 —•

1	ro —

2	------

I 10-

£. s.

—	IS —

—	*5 -

—	4 —

1 —

1 9 —

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Description of the In tollmen t, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches#

anftexed thereto* (halt confift, over and above the fuft fifteen fuch common law (beets, a further duty of

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

England.

iC* *• i

I---------

Scotland.

— 19-

Commiffions granted to Officers of Yeomanry Cavalry or Volunteer Infantry. Leafe of wafte or uncultivated land to any poor or labouring man for any term not exceeding three lives or ninety-nine years, when the fine (hall not exceed nve (hillings, and the re-fcrved rent one guinea per annum.

Policy of Afliirance or Infurance, and any writing commonly fo called for infilling any events or contingencies relative to a life or lives.

Copy, purporting to be a two copy, or anefted to be a true copy, of any fuch deed or other inftrument laft above-mentioned, including every (uch fchedule, receipt, inftrument, or other matter, or any part thereof, made or to be made for the fecurjty or life of any perfon or perfons being a party or parties to the fame deed, or other inftrument, and not having the cuftody of the original deed, or other inftrument, or of any counterpart or duplicate thereof, or where fuch copy (hall be made in lieu of fuch original deed, or other inftrument, upon any number of words not amounting to twenty common law (heets (calculated at feventy*two words to each iheet), of which fuch copy (hall confift

And for every entire quantity of ten common law (heets (calculated at feventy-two words to each (heet), of which any fuch copy (hall confift, over and above the firft terv (uch common law (heets, a further duty of

Copy, purporting to be a. true copy, of any fuch deed or other inftrument, including every fuch fcheduta, receipt, inftrument, or other matter* or any part thereof, for the feCurity or ufe of any perfon or perfopt other than any or either of the parties to tho fame deed or other inftru- >

— 10 H

— 10-

1804.3 AnnorcgniquadragefimoquartoGEORGU III. c.98.	403

SCHEDULE (A.) —continued. -		
Name and Description of the Instrument* Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches*	England.	Scotland.
ment not having the cuftody of fuch original deed or other inftrument, or any duplicate or part thereof, or where fuch copy (hall not be made in lieu of any fuch original deed or other inftrument, upon any number of words not amounting to twenty common law (beets (calculated at feventy-two words to each	& '• d.	£• '
tiieet), of which any fuch copy (hall confift And for every entire quantity of ten common law Iheets (calculated at feventytwo words to each (beet), of which any fuch copy (hall confift, over and above the firft ten fuch common law (beets* a fur-		— t —*
ther duty of -Certificate of Commiffioners ufed upon the fale or alienation of fee-farm or other rents of woods, forefts, ot lands belonging to the Crown, where the confideration tnoney (hall exceed		
£.10 * ’« - * SPECIAL EXEMPTION.  Certificates of fuch commiffioners, where * the confideratioa money (hall not exceed £. 10.  Surrender of Copyhold Land or Tenement, or lands or tenements in England, under the	I 16 —	t 9
value of twenty (hillings per annum *  SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.  Original Surrender to the ufe of a will. Court-Roll or Court-Book wherein the proceedings of the court are entered or intolledt  Surrender of any Copyhold Land dr Tenement, or lands or tenements in England* above the	*“$ -	Mm
Value of twenty (hillings per annum • SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.  Original Surrender to the ufe of a will. Court-Roll or Book wherein the proceedings of the court are entered or in-rolled.  Admittance to any Copyhold Land or Tenement* or lands or tenements in England, under the	- i$ —	Mm
value of twenty (hillings per annum Admittance to any Copyhold Land or Tenement,	— 5 ~	

Dm

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.		
Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article,or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.	England.	Scotland.
or lands or tenements in England, above the	£. s• d.	£. j. d.
value of twenty (hillings per annum Copy of any Surrender of and admittance to any cuftom-right or tenant-right eftate,'not exceeding the clear yearly value of twenty (hillings, and not being copyhpld, which (hall pafs by furrender and admittance or by admittance only, and which (hall hot pafs by deed, in	— 15 -	
' England • -Copy of any Surrender of or admittance to cuftom-right or tenant-right eftate, exceeding the clear yearly value of twenty (hillings, and not being copyhold, which (hall pafs by furrender and admittance, or by admittance only, and	— s —	
which (hall not pafs by deed, in England . Grant or Leafe by Copy of Court-Roll of any honour or manor in England, of any land or tenement under the value of twenty (hillings	— »5 —	
per annum -Grant or Leafe by Copy of Court-Roll of any honour or manor in England, of any land or tenement above the value of twenty (hillings	— 5 -	
per annum - -Copy of the Court-Roll of any honour or manor in England, in relation to any land or tenement	— 15 —	
under the value of twenty millings per annum Copy* of the Court-Roll of any honour or manor in England, in relation to any land or tenement	— 5 ~	
above the value of twenty (hillings per annum Deed or other inftrument by way of mortgage, or inftrument, or covenant to furrender, or copy of court-roll, or conditional furrender by way of mortgage, for the fecurity of any (iim of money lent on any property whatfoever, whether real or perfonal, and of whatever tenure	— 15 —	
or defcription, not exceeding £, ioo -	I 10 —	—
exceeding £, ioo, and not exceeding ? 300 -	2 — —	• —
exceeding ?. 300, and not exceeding?, 509 -	3 — -	, —
exceeding?. 500, and not exceeding £. 1,000	4		—*
exceeding 1,000, and not exceeding /. 2,000	5 —■	
exceeding ?. 2,000, and not exceeding /. 3*000	6		—
exceeding ?. 3,020, and not exceeding ?. 4,000	7 —. —	—
exceeding^4,000, and not exceeding?. 5*000	8 :		J
exceeding 5,000, and not exceeding £ 10,cco	IQ	- 1

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Dcfcription of the Inftriiment, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attachts.

exceeding/. io,coo, and not exceeding^* 15,000 exceeding £. *5>ooo, and not exceeding £. 20,000 exceeding£. 20,000	-

The laid fevera! and refpe&ive duties on fuch laft-roentioned deeds or. other inftruments (other than and except any inftrument, covenant, or copy relating to copyhold lands or tenements) to be payable and paid for and in refpedt of any number of words therein, not amounting to thirty common law (beets (calculated at feventy-two words to each (beet),' of which any fuch deed or other inftrument, together with every fchedulc, receipt, inftrument, or other matter put or indorfed thereon or annexed thereto, (hall confift.

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law (beets (calculated at feventy-two words to each (beet), of which any fuch ]aft-roentioned deed or other inftru-tnent, together with every fchedule, re* Ceipr, inftrument, or other matter put or indorfed thereon, or annexed thereto, (hall confift (over and above the firft fifteen fuch common law (beets), a further duty of	-	-'	•

Bond, commonly called Mongage Bond, or bond given as a collateral fecurity, for or in refpedl of any mortgage	-	-	-

Deedorotherinftrument, or Transfer, or Affignment of any mortgage for the fecurity of any fum of money lent on any property whatfoever, where the mortgagor or his real or perfonal reprefen-tatives or affigns are not made parties to the transfer or 'affignment, for any number of words therein, not amounting to thirty common law (heets (calculated at Teventy-two words to each (beet), of which any fuch deed or other inftrument as lad-mentioned (ball confift	*	-

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law meets, calculated at feventy-two words to each {heet,- of which any fuch deed or other inftrument laft above-mentioned, together with every fchedule*

England.

Scotland.

£■ '•

£. d.

12-------

is-------

20--------

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued. I		
Name and Dcfcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, 1 on which the Duty attaches.	England. 1	Scotiind.
inftrument, or other matter not being a receipt for money, put or indorfed thereon, or annexed thereto, (hall confift (over and	£• *• d. I	i£. t. 1

above the firft fifteen fuch common law (heets), a further duty of Writ of Covenant for levying any fine Writ of Entry for fu fieri ng a common recovery Exemplification of what nature foever, that (hall pafs the feal of any court whatfoever Award under hand and feal, or under hand only, made it) England, and whether the fame (hall or (hall not be inrolied of record in or made a rule of any court, upon any number of words therein, not amounting to thirty common law (beets, calculated at feventy-two words to each (beet, of Which any fuch award (hall confift	-

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law (heets (calculated at feventy-two words to each (heet), of which any fuch award, together with any fchedule, receipt, ■ inftrqment, or other piatter put qr indorfed thereon or annexed thereto, (halt confift (over and above the firft fifteen common law (heets), a further duty of * farter-party, Memorandum for Charter of any other inftrument, note, letter, or other minu-ment or writing, between the captain, tnafter, or owner of any (hip or veftel and any merchant, trader, or other perfon, in refpe& to the freight or conveyance of any money, goods, Wares, merchandize, or effeds, laden or to be laden on board any fuch (hip or veflcl, upon any number of words therein, not amounting to thirty cpmmon law (heets (calculated at (eventyrtwa words tQ each (heet), of which the fame (hall confift -	-

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common' law (heets (calculated at feventy two words to each (heet), of which any fuch charter-party, memorandum for charter, or any other inftrument, note, letter, or other minument or wri-p‘n& l*ft above-mentioned, together with

1	-v—

a — -

2	— .

3	------1

x 10 —I	-*



x xo

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.		
Name and Description ot the lnftrument, Article* or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.	England.	Scotland.
any fchedule, receipt, inftrument, or other matter put or indorfed therein, or annexed thereto, (hall confift (over and above the firft fifteen common law (beets), a further duty of - . <•	L* s•	—19 —
Leafe of Lands or Tenements for a term not exceeding twenty-one years, when the full improved annual value thereof, and rent refer ved thereby, (hall not be more than ten pounds, or leafe for a life or lives, or for years determinable on a life or lives, where the fine or confideration (hall not exceed twenty pounds, and the referved rent (hall not exceed forty (hillings, upon any number of words not amounting to thirty common law (heets (calculated at feventv-two words to each (beet), of which any fuch leafe (hall confift		
And for every entire quantity of fifteen com mon law (heets (calculated at feventy-two words to each (hecr), of which any fuch leafe, together with every fchedule, receipt, inftnunem* or other matter put or indorfed thereon or annexed thereto, a (hall confift (over and above the firft fifteen common law (heets), a further duty of •'		
Agreement made in England under hand only, where the matter thereof (hall be of the value of £, TO or upwards, whether the fame (hall be only the evidence of a contract, or obligatory upon the parties from its being a written inftrument, upon any number of words, not amounting to thirty common law (heets (calculated at fcuenty-two words to each Qieet), of which any fuch agreement (hall confift	— l6 —	
And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law (heets (calculated at feventy-two words to each (beet), of which any fuch agreement, together with eVery fchedule, receipt, inftrument, or other matter put or		
indorfed thereon or annexed thereto, (hall confift, over and above the firft fifteen common law (heets, a further duty of *  1	—16 —	—

SCHEDULE (A.) —continued.

Name and Defcription of the Inftrumenf, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Label, Slip, or Memorandum, containing the heads of infufances to be made by the corporations of the Royal Exchange affurance or London afiurance, or the corporations of the Royal Exchange ?(Turance of houfes and goods from fire, and London aflurances of houfes and goods from fire.

Memorandum or Agreement for any leafe at rack rent of any mefluage under the yearly value of five pounds.

Memorandum or Agreement for the hire of any labourer, artificer, manufadurer, or menial fervant.

Memorandum, Letter, or Agreement, made for or relating to the file of any goods, wares, or merchandize.

Memorandum or Agreement made be* tween matter and mariners of any coatting veffel for wages.

Letter or Letters, containing an agreement in refpeft of any merchandize, or evidence of fuch an agreement which (hall pafs by the poft between merchants and other perfons carrying on trade or commerce, and refiding and actually being, at the time of fending fuch letters, at the dittance of fifty miles from each other.

* ~ Vide Deed, Indenture, Wr.

Memorial for the Regifter of Deeds or other inftru-ments in the regifter office of regifter counties in England -	-	-	-

Copy of or extract from any regifter kept in any regifter office of anyregifter county in England .Memorial for regifteripg any original deed or other inftrument, by which any annuity (hall be granted	-	-

Bond of anv kind whatfoever (not otherwife charged in this fchedule, or wholly exempted from duty), upon any number of words not amounting to thirty common law fheets (calculated at feventy-two words to each fheet). Of which any fuch bond Jhall confift -	-	j

England. Scotland. Sm d»

Name and Defcription of the Inltrume nt, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law flieets (calculated at feventy-two words to each (heet), of which any fuch bond, together with every fchedule, receipt, instrument, or other matter put or iitdorfed thereon, or annexed thereto, (hall confift, over and above the firft fifteen common law (beets, a further duty of -

EXEMPTIONS FROM ALL STAMP. DUTIES.

A durance Corporation Bonds.

Bond by treafurers or truftces of friendly focieties to the clerks of the peace. Administration Bond of the widow, children, father* mother, brother, or fitter of any common feaman, foldier^ or marine, who (hall be (lain or die in the fervice cf his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefiors.

Adminiftration Bond of any perfon where the |ettaie adminiftered to (hall not exceed the value of £. 20.

Bond, given, taken, or entered into, under the audkority of any a£t or a£i$ of parliament made or to be made for or in rcfpect of the duties and revenues of cuttoms or excife, or of any matter or thing relating to thofe duties or revenues	-	-

England. Scotland.

I. d*	J.	dm

— 15

f4

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS FROM ALL STAMP-DUTIES.

Bonds given by fi(h-:akers or curers; or by the matter or owner of any boat, (hip, or veffel employed in the Britifli fiflieries, or in the exportation or conveyance of fi(h j or for fait to be ufed or employed in curing or preferving fifh; or to prevent the exportation of wool, woolfels, mortlings, fhortlings, yarn, or worfted tpade ot wool, or any manufacture thereof; or for the exportation of tobacco from the King’s ware-houfe; or bond, commonly called <or known by the name of coaft bonds ;

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.		
Kame and Defcription of the inftrument. Article! or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.	England.	Scotland.
or bond to prevent the exportation of fuller’s-earth, fulling clay, or tobacco-pipe clay, entered into purfuant to any ad or ads of'parliament.  Bond given as fecuriry for any fura of money not	*•	£. s. L
		
exceeding £. 100	I *“*■	— *9-
exceeding /*. 100, and not exceeding L.%00 -	I JO —	1 9-
exceeding £.300, and not exceeding £.500 -	a		1 19-
exceeding £.506, and not exceeding £.1,000	3 —	a 19 —
exceeding £.i,coo> and not exceeding /.a,coo	4 —-	3 *9-
exceeding £.2,000, and not exceeding £ .3,000	5 —	4 19-
exceeding Z.3,000, and not exceeding /T^ooo	6 — —	5 *9-
exceeding £.4,000, and not exceeding £.5,000	7 —	6 19 —
exceeding 7.5,oog, and not exceeding £.10,000	9 —	8 19 —
exceeding 7.10,00c, and not exceeding £.15,000 exceeding £.15,000, and not exceeding £. 20,00c	ia — —	II 19 —
	IS		14 19 -
exceeding £.20,000 - . -	ao		19 19 -
Indenture of ApprenticeQiip, where the fum or va-		
lue given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, with or in relation to fuch appren-		
tice (hall not exceed £10	— IS —	— 14 -
exceeding /10, and not exceeding /20	I 10 —	1 9-
exceeding £20, and not exceeding £50	2 IO —	2 9-
exceeding £56, and not exceeding £100 -	5		4 *9"
exceeding /ioo, and not exceeding £300 -	12 — —■	II 19 ~
exceeding £sco -	2Q		19 19-
SPECIAL EXEMPTION.  Indenture for binding poor parUh children		
apprentices, or other children by any		
publick charity.  Alignment of Indenture of Apprenticefhip (except of poor parifh children, or other children, by		
any publick charity)	- *5 —	— 14 -
Paflport -	— 3 —	- 3-
Bill or Note of Lading for any Goods or Mcrchan-		
diae to be exported ....		
Proteft -		- 3-
Notarial Aft, any, whatfoever ...	— s	- 3“
Debenture or Certificate for drawing back any cuf-		
toms or duties, or any part of any cuftoms or duties, for or in refpedt of the mipping, re-		
Shipping, or exporting any goods or mereban-		*

x3c>4’] Anno regniquadfagdimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. 411 SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.

Name and Deicriptioo of the Iaftrumcnt, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches*

dize, which (hall be exported, or be (hipped to be exported* from Great Britain for any parts beyond the feas	-	-	•

Procuration	-

fetter. Warrant, or Power of Attorney upon any number of words nor amounting to thirty common law (beets (calculated at feventy-two words to each (hect), of which any fiich letter, warrant, or power of attorney (hall conflft

And for evenr entire quantity of fifteen common law meets (calculated at feventy-two words to each meet), of which any fuch letter, warrant, or power of attorney (hall Confift, over and above the firft fifteen common law (beets, a further duty of -Letter, Warrant, or Power of Attorney, given by any petty officer, Teaman, or marine, or foldier ferv-ing as a marine, for the receipt of prize money Statute-Staple	•	-

Statute-Merchant -Transfer of Bank or South Sea Stock

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Transfer of Stock in Government Funds. Vide Transfer of Stock in any Company, Society, or Corporation.

Transfer of Stock or Share in any Company, Society, or Corporation whatever (not being Bank or South SSea dock, or Eaft India flock or flock in government funds), where the amount of the ftock or (hare to be transferred (hall not exceed £,ioo where the amount (hall exceed £. i co, and not exceed £.200	-

where the amount (hall exceed £.200, and not exceed £.300	-

where the amount (hall exceed £.300,and not exceed £.400 where the amount (hall exceed£.400, and not exceed £.500	-

where the amount (hall exceed £.500, and not exceed £. 1,000	-

where the amount (hall exceed £.1,000, and not cxceecd £.2,000	-	-	-

England.	Scotland.
£. s.	£. *. d
— 4 -	I	t  >5 4*  II
1		— *9 —
x		— 19 —
	 j _	,	 2 —
I — —	— 19 —
1  1 ** '1	— 19 —
I IO —	1 9 —
2		1 19 —
2 10 —	a 9 —
3		a 19 —
3 10 —	3 9 —
5		4 19 —
7 10 -r	7 9 —

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued*		
Name and Defeription of the Inftmment, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.	England.	Scotland.
Transfer of Stock continued.  where the amount (hall exceed. £.2,000, anc	& *■ d.	£• Sm L
not exceed £.3,000 where the amount.ihall exceed £.3,000, and	10 — —	9 19-
not exceed £.4,000 -where the amount {hall exceed £.4,000, and	12 IO —	ia 9-
not exceed £.5,000 -where the amount (hall exceed £.5,000, and	*5		*4 19-
not exceed £.10,000 - - .	17 10 —	I79 —
where the amount {ball exceed £.10,000 -Policy of Affurance or Infurance, or any writing commonly fo called, for infuring houfes, fumini tu re, goods, wares, merchandize or other	20		19 19-
property from lofs by fire • - .  Vtdt Annual Duty cn Firt bifurancej, Schedule (B).  Policy of Aflurance or Ipfurance, or any writing commonly fo called, for infuring any (hip or {hips, goods or merchandize, or any other property or intereft whereon infuranees may be lawfully, made for any voyage to or from any part or place in the United Kingdon of Great Britain and Ireland, or the jflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney or Sark, or the Ifle of Man, or from or to any other port or place in the (aid kingdom, or in the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney or Sark, or the Ifle of Man, where the premium, or confideration in the nature of a premium, actually and* bond fide paid, given, or con traced for, (hall not exceed the rate of twenty (hillings per centum, that is to fay, where the fum to be infured (hall amount		’
to £.100	— 1 3	— i 3
And progrefllvcly for every £.iqo fo infured And where the fum infured (hall not amount	— * 3	- *
to£.ico - - - ■*  And where the fum infured’ (hall exceed £.100, or any progreffive fums of £.100 each by any fractional part of one hundred	— 1 3	- 1 3 j
pounds, for fuch fractional part And where the premium or confideration in the nature of a premium, actually and bona fide paid, given* or contracted for, {hall exceed the rate of twenty (hillings per centum (chat is to fay),  Where the fum to be infured (hall amount to	— 3	- 1 3
£.ico - .	— 2 6	- a 6

*

Kiini and Dtfeription of the Inftrument* Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attache*.

Policy of Affiirance &c. continued.

And progreffively for every £.100 fo infured And where the fum to be igfured {hall not amount to £*100	—

And where the fum fo to be infured {ball exceed £.100, or any progreffive fums of £*ioo each, by any/rational part of £. ioo, for fuch fradional part tolicy of Aflurance or Infurance, or any writing commonly fo called, for infuring any (hip* or (hips, goods or merchandize, Or any other property or intereft whereon infurances'may be lawfully made, where the premium, or confi deration in the nature of a premium, adually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, (ball not exceed the rate of twenty {hillings per centum (that is to fay,) where the fum to be infured (hall amount to one hundred pounds And progreffively for every £. 100 fo infured And where the fum infured (hall not amount to £.100	-	-

And where the fum infured (hall exceed^. 100 or any progreffive fums of £*ioo each, by any fractional part of £.100, for fuch fractional part -And where the premium, or confideration in the nature of a premium, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, (hall exceed the rate of twenty (hillings per centum (that is to fay),

Where the fum to be infured (hall amount to £9100	-	-	-

And progreffively for every ^.100 fo infured And where the fum to be infured (hall not amount to ^.100	-

And where the fum to be infured (hall ex-, ceed £.100, or any progreffive fums of £.100 each, by any fractional part of^.ioo, tor fuch fractional part Commiffion or Deputation given, granted, or iffiied by the commiffioners of cuftoms or excife, for the time being	-	-

Entry, Minute, or Memorandum of any admiffion into any corporation or company, in the court-book, noil, or record of any fuch corporation or company -	-	T

England.

£• s* d

—	26

—	2 6

— 26

Scotland.

—	26

—	26

—	26

— ,2 6

—	5 —

—	5 “

— 5 —

1 10-



£• *• d.

—	2 6

—	2 6

— 26

—	26

—	26

—	26

-2 6

—	5 —

—	5 —

—	5 —

—	5 — 1 9 —

-	19 —

	
England.	Scotland.
£• *• ^	£. s. I
ao		—
20 — —	—
50		  >	—
— 11 6	— 12 6
I 10 -	1 5-
16 — —	12 — —
8		4-~
20 — —	16 — —
20		16 — —*
20 — —	16	
20 — —	16	*

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.

Marne and Defcription ot the Infaumcat, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attache*.

Admittance of or Inftrument for admitting any Fellow of the College of Pkyficiantyin England Admiffion into any of the four inns of court, or other inn of court or chancery Regifter or entry of any degree in any of the inns of court or chancery	-

Warrant or order beneficial under the fign manual of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefiors, for the navy, army, or ordnance -Warrant or order beneficial f other than as laft above-mentioned), under tne fign manual of his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefiors Grant from his Majefty, his heirs or fuccefiors, of any fum of money exceeding^. ioo, which (hall 1 pais the great feal or privy leal

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Any fuch grant which Hull pafs the privy leal directed to the great feaJ, to pay the duty on palling the great feal only.

Grant of any office or employment which (hall exceed the value of £.50 per annum, and {hail not exceed £.100 per annum Grant of any office or employment which (hall exceed the value of £.100 per annum, calculated on the amount of the faiary, fees, and perquifites appertaining to fuch office or employment -Grant under the great feal of Great Britain or the feal of the duchy or county palatine of Lancafter, of any honour,* dignity, promotion, franebife, liberty, or privilege to any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate - .

Letters Patent under the great fea! of Great Britain, or the leal of the duchy or county palatine of Lancafter, of any honour, dignity, promotion, franchife, liberty, or privilege, to any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate Exemplification of any fuch grant or letters pa as lad-above-mentioned

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Commifiions of rebellion in procefs.

Briefs or letters patent for colleding cl table benevolences.

lame and Defcription of the Inftniment, Article, or Thing) on which the Duty attaches.

pecification in relped of a patent for any difeovery or invention whatever -Jrant of lands in fee or leafe for years, or grant of other profit, that (hall pafs the great fcal of Great Britain, the feal of the exchequer, the feal of the duchy or county palatine of Lancafter, or the privy feal

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

England. £. s, d. S —

20------

Anv fuch grant which (hall pafs the privy (eal, dire&ed to the great (eal, to pay the duty on palling the great feal only.

Grant, conveyance, or affurance of any fee-farm or other rents of the duchy of Lancafter, where the confideration money (hall not exceed £.10.

Licence granted by any juftice or juftices of the peace, or other magiftrate or magiftrates, for felling ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors by retail, yearly ------

22 —

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS*

For licences granted to perfons duly licen-fed by the chancellors or vice-chancellors of the two Univerfities in England, or by either of them, for felling wine* For licences granted to any perfon who (hall be a mafter, warden, freeman, or one of the commonalty of the vintners of the city of London, admitted to his freedom by right of patrimomy or ap-prenticelhip only.

For licences granted to any perfon to keep either of the three wine taverns within the borough of St. Alban's in the county of Hertford, licenfed by the mayor and hurgeffes thereof, according to the tenor of certain letters patent granted by Queen Elizabeth and .King James the Firft, for and towards the maintenance of a free fchool there.

Licence for uttering or vending by retail, within the cities of London and Weftminfter, or within the limits of the two«penny poft, any hats commonly called or known by the name of felt qr

Scotland.

£~TT

419 —

is —

XI —

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.

Name and Ddcription of the InftrumeDt, Article, or Thing on which the Duty attaches. .

wool, fluff or beaver hats, or any leather or japanned hats, ot any hats made wholly of felt, wool, fluff, beaver, or leather, or any mixture of the (aid fubflances, or any of them, or mixed with any other fubftance or fubflances, by whatever name fuch hats (hall be called or diftingutfhed, yearly -	-	-

Licence for uttering or vending by retail any hats commonly called or known by the dame of felt or wool, fluff or beaver hats, or any leather or japanned hats, or any hats made wholly of felt, wool, fluff, beaver or leather, or any mixture of the faid fubflances or any of them, or mixed with any other fubftance or fubflances, by whatever name fuch hats (hall be called or diftingui(hed, in any other place than as laft-above-mentioned, yearly Licence to be taken out by the owner, proprietor, maker, and compounder of, and by every perfon tittering, vending, or expofingto Tale, or keeping ready for fale, any drugs, herbs, pills, waters, eflences, tin&ures, powders, or other preparations or compoGtions whatfoever, ufed or applied, or to be ufed or applied, externally or internally, as medicines or medicaments for the prevention, cure or relief, of any diforder or complaint incident to or in anywife affe&ing the human .body, or any packets, boxes, bottles, pots, phials or other inctofures with any contents, fubjedt to the duties by this a St granted on certain medicines, within the cities ot London or Weftminfter, or within the limits of the two-penny poft, or within the city of Edinburgh, each licence, yearly	*	-

For each fuch licence in arty other city or borough, or in any town corporate, or in the towns of Manchefter, Birmingham, or Sheffield, yearly -	-	-	*

For each fuch licence in any other part of Great Britain, yearly Licence for uftng and exercifmg the trade or bufinefs of a Pawnbroker within the cities of London and Weftminfler, or within the limits of the two-penny poft, yearly -

£• /. d. £• *• ^

%------

5-----J-

SCHEDULE ([A.)—continued;

Name and'Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing] on which the Duty attaches. r

Licence for ufing and exercifing the trade or bufinefs of a Pawnbroker in any part of Great Britain without the limits laft above-mentioned, yearly

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Perfons who (hall lend money upon pawn or f pledge at or under the rate of £.5 per centum per annum intereft, without taking any further or greater profit for the loan or forbearance of fuch money lent, on any pretence whatfoever.

Licence to any perfon or perfons who (hall publickly or privately, within the cities of London or Edinburgh, or within twenty miles of either oi' the faid cities, fet up, exercise, or keep by him felf, or herfelf, or any other perfon or perfons, any office for buying, felling, or otherwife dealing in any tickets in any lottery which is or (hall be authorifed by any a<S of parliament made or to be made, or who (hall, by writing, printing, or otherwife, publifh the fetting up or uGng any fuch office, yearly Licence to any perfon or perfons who (hatl, publickly or privately, in any part of Great Britain, not being within the cities of London or Edinburgh, or within twenty miles of either of the faid cities, open, fet up, exercife or keep, by himfelf or herfelf, or any other perfon or perfons, any office for buying, felling, or otherwife dealing in any tickets in any lottery which is or (hall be authorifed by any a<St of parliament made or to be made, or who (hall, by writing, printing, or otherwife, publifii the fetting up or tiling any fuch office, in cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall not have taken out or paid the duty of £.50 for a licence for the faid purpofes in fome other part of the United Kingdom, yearly -	-

licence to any perfon or perfons, for the like purpofes, in any part of Great Britain, not being within the cities of London or Edinburgh, or within twenty miles of either 6f the faid cities, Who (hall have taken out and paid the duty of £.50, for a licence for the faid purpofes in fome other part df the United Kingdom, yearly -licence to be taken out by every poftmafttr or other V01. XLV.	E	£

England.

£•

5 ~—

5°------

50 — ~

10-------

Scotland.

£.	4.

5 — —

50------

50 —

10 — —

England.

Scotland.

— 5 H — S -

.418 Anno rcgni quadragefimo quarto GEOkou IIT. c. 98. £1804.

SCHEDULE (A.}—continued.

Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.	*	*

, £• *•

perfon in Great Britain, who (hall let to hire any horfe, marc, or gelding, for the purpofe travelling port by the mile, or from ftage ftage, or who (being a perfon ufually letting horfes tp hire) (hall let to hire for a day or any lefs period of time than twenty-eight fucceffive days, any horfe, mare, or gelding, for drawing any co^cb or other carriage ufed in travelling poll, of otherwife, by what foe vqr name (itch carriage now is or hereafter may be called or known, yearly Licence to be taken out by every perfon who (hall keep any cosfcb, berlin, landau, chariot, dili gence, calafb, chaifo-marine, chaife^ chair, or other carriage with two or more wheels, by what name'(oever the fame now is or hereafter (hall be called or known, to be employed ps a publick ftage coach or carriage for the purpofe of conveying paflengers for hire to and from different places in Great Britain, for each fuch carriage, which (hall be kept or employed for carrying at one time npt more than four infide paflengers, (children in bp excepted), yearly -To be taken out in like manner by every perfon who (hall keep any fuch carriage for the purpofe aforefaid, ana which (hall be kept or employed for carrying at one time more than four, but not more than fix infide paflengers, (children in bp excepted), for each fuch carriage, yearly To be taken out in like manner by every perfon who (hall keep any fuch carriage for v the purpofes aforefaid, and which (hall be kept or employed for carrying at one time more than fix, but not more than eight infide paflengers, (childrenin lapexcepted), for each fuch carriage, yearly To be taken out in like manner, by every perfon who (hall keep any fuch carriage for the purpofe aforefaid,. and which (hall be, kept or employed for carrying at one time more than eight, but not more than ten infide paflengers, (children in lap excepted), for each fuch carriage, yearly -Tp be taken out in like manner by every

- 5 - - S

__ 6 —\	6

-w IH

1

Name and Description of rhe Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

ns*

Council,	f	Ordered by	his	Ma-

rayer,	V	jefty, his	heirs	or

hankfgiving, 1	fucceffors.

c.	J

perfon who (hall keep any fuch carriage for the purpofe aforefaid, and which (hall be kept or employed for carrying at enc time more than ten infide paflengers* (children in lap excepted)* for each fuch car riage* yearly -	-	-	•

Newfpaper, or paper containing publick news* in* telligence* or occurrences* printed in Great Britain* to be difperfed and made publick, of half a fheet or lefs, double demy, or of one {heet (ingle demy, (the half iheet double demy* or whole fheet Angle demy* not exceeding thirty-two inches in length* and twenty-two inches in breadth)* for every fuch paper - * For every half fheet of which fuch newfpaper as before mentioned (hall confift* over and above one half (heet double demy, or one whole (heet (ingle demy, of the refpe&ive fizes or dimenfions above mentioned

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Proclamations*

Orders of Council Forms of Praye ,

Forms of Thankfg A6ts of State.

A&s of Parliament.

Printed Votes or other matters ordered to be printed by either houfe of parliament.

Single Advertifement printed by itfelf.

Daily Accounts or bills'} Such bills or accounts of goods imported and F containing no other exported.	/■ matters than what

Accounts of the Weekly l have been ufually Bills of Mortality.	* comprized therein

Vide Advertifement* Schedule (B.)

Pamphlets ot Books or Papers commonly fo called contained in half a (heet or any lefs piece of paper* printed in Great Britain* each copy -Pamphlets or Books or Papers commonly fo called, (being larger than half a (heet* and not exceeding one, whole (heet), printed in Great Britain each copy •

X X 2

England.

I- &■

— 9 ~

— 3t

— — 3v

Scotland.

£• '• '•

— 9 —

--Si

--Si







420 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98. [1804. SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.

Name and Dcfcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

England*



Scotland.

£• *• ^

Ads of Parliament.

Proclamations,

Orders of Council,

Forms of Prayer, and - Thankfgiving,

Ads of State.

Printed Votes or other matters by order of either houfe of parliament.

Books commonly tifed in the fchools of Great Britain.

Books containing only matters of devotion or lhde Larger Pamphlets,-Schedule (B.)

f Ordered to be printed v by his Majefty, his L heirs or fucceUors.

Almanack or Calendar for any time not exceeding one year -	-	-	.	-

Almanack or Calendar for feveral years.

For each and every year for which fuch almanack or calendar (hall be made, publilhed, or intended

Almanack or Calendar perpetual -	-	-

x

1 —

1 —

10 —

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Calendar or perpetual Almanack contained in any Bible or Common Prayer Book.

Book or Pamphlet ferving the purpofe of an almanack or calendar for any time not exceeding a year ....	-

Book or Pamphlet ferving the purpofe of an almanack or calendar for feveral years.

For each and every year for which fuch almanack or calendar (hall be made, publiflied, or intended -Boole or Pamphlet ferving the purpofe of a perpetual almanack or calendar -

1 — — I -

— 10 —

— 10 —

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Bibles and Common Prayer Books containing a Calendar or perpetual Almanack.

Promi (Tory Note or other note, for the payment of ' money to the bearer on demand (which may within three years after the date thereof, but

SCHEDULE (A.) —continued.		
Name and Defcription of the Inftnimcnt, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.	England.	Scotland. *
not at a later period, be re-ifliied from time to time after payment at any place) where the fum ex prefled therein, or made payable thereby,	£' Sm &	I- d.
fhall not exceed one pound and one (hilling -Where the fum (hall exceed one pound and one (billing, and not exceed two pounds		3		j
and two (hillings - . -Where the fum mall exceed two pounds and two (hillings, and not exceed five pounds		6	
and five (hillings -Where the fum (hall exceed five pounds and		9		9
fivefhlllings, and not exceed twenty pounds Promifibry or other note for the payment, by or on account of the bank of Scotland or the royal bank of Scotland, or the Britifh linen company, or the bearer on demand, of the fum of £.100 (which may within three years after the date thereof, but not at a later period, be re-ifliied.		 I 		r
from time to time, after payment at any place) Bill of Exchange, Draft, Order* or promifibry or other note, for the payment of money to the bearer on demand, where the fum expref&d therein, cr made payable thereby, (hall amount to forty (hillings, and (hall not exceed fite		
pounds and five (hillings - ' * -Bill of Exchange, Draft, Order, or Promifibry or other note, payable otherwife than to the bearer . on demand, where the fum ex prefled therein or made payable thereby, (hall amount to forty (hillings, and (hall not exceed five pot^ids and	—t a		1 8
five (hillings , Bill of Exchange, Draft, Order, or Promifibry or other note for the payment of money, where the fum (hall exceed five pounds and five (hillings, and not	— I —	
exceed £.30 -Where the fum (hall exceed £.30, and not	— 1	^ I 6
exceed £.50 - -Where the fum fijall exceed £.50, and not	~ 2 —	— 2 —
exceed £.100 - ^  Where the fun* (hall exceed^.ioo, and not	— 3 —	— 3 —
exceed £200 -Where the fum (hall exceed^.aoo, and not	— 4 —	! — 4 —
exceed £.500 - - - I Where the lum (hall exceed £ 500, *Ad not	— s —	— s —
exceed £ toco - - - -  nui	r. — a_ir	j r		; — 7 ^	— 7 6

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.		
N^me and Defer! ption of the Inftrunvent, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. *	England.	Scotland.
Foreign Bill of Exchange which (ball be drawn in fetts according to the cuftom of merchants, where the fum exprefled in fuch hill, or made payable thereby, . . {hall not exceed /.ioo for each and	£. t. d.	£• i. i
every bill in each let -drawn in fets, where fuch fum (hall exceed £.100 and not exceed £.200, for		~ I
each and every bill in each fett • -Jo drawn in fets, where fuch fum (hall exceed £.200, and not exceed £-500,	— 2 —	— 2 —
for each and every bill in each fett -fo drawn in fets, where fuch fum (hall exceed £.500, and not exceed £.1,000,	— 3 —	- 3“
for each and every bill in each fett -fo drawn in fets, where fuch fum (hall exceed £.1,000, for each and every bill		— 4“
in each fett, - - - -CONDITIONAL EXEMPTION.	5 —	- 5"
Bills of Exchange, Promiflory and other Notes.and Bills iflued by the governor and company of the bank of England, exempted, on condition of the faid go-vernor and company paying, yearly,		
£.3**000.  SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.  Prafts and Orders for the payment of money to bearer on demand upon any banker, or perfon or perfons ailing as a banker, and rdiding or tranfalling the		
bufinefs of a banker within ten miles of the place at which fuch draft or order (hall be drawn or given, and which place lhall be exprefled in or upon fuch draft or order.  fKII, Remittance Bill, Certificate, and all other bills of what nature or defeription foever, drawn by commiffioned officers,		
matters or furgeons in the navy, for ‘wages or pay, or by the commi(Boners of his Majefty’s navy, or by the commif-		
(i oners for, victualling his Majefty's navy, or by the commiffioners for taking care of Tick and wounded feamen, or by the commiffioners for managing the tran-foort-fervice. upon and payable bv the		/

Name and Dcfcription of the Inftrumcnt, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

Receipt, Difcharge, or Acquittance, given for or upon the payment of money amount-ing to £.2, and not amounting to £.10	-

amounting to £.10, and not amounting to £.20	-	-	. -	-	-

amounting to £.20, and not amounting

to£.So	-■	-	-	-	:

amounting to £.50, and not amounting to £.100

amounting to £.ioo> and not amounting to £.200	-

amounting to £.200, arid not amounting to £.500	-

amounting to £.500 and upwards - -Receipt, Difcharge,or Acquittance, Note, Memorandum, or writing whatever, given to any. perfon or perfons for or upon the payment of money which (hall contain or exprefs, or in any manner fignify or denote, any general acknowledgement of any debt, claim, account, or demand, or all or any debts, claims, accounts, or demands, being paid, fettled, received, accounted for, balanced, difcharged, relealed, or latisfied, or whereby any fum of money therein mentioned (hall be acknowledged to be in full or in difcharge or fatisfa&ion of all or any fvrch debts, claims, accounts, or demands, or intended fo to be, and whether the fame (hall or (hall not be figned by or with the name or names of the perfon or perfons by or on whofe behalf the lame (hall be given -

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Receipt or Difcharge to be given by the treafurer of the navy for any money imprefted to or received by him fqr the fervicc of the navy.

Receipt or Difcharge of any agent for money irpprefted by or to him on account of the pay of the army or ordnance. ‘

Receipt or Difcharge to be given by any officer, feaman, or foltlier, or their repre-Tentative refpedivcly, for or on account of any wages, pay, or penfion due to them for the army, navy, or ordnance

England.

£»*	s•	d*

-----4

-----8

—	a —

—	3 —

—	5 —

Scotland.

£. s. d.

— — 2

----8

3 — 5 —

— 5 ~

- 5 —

SCHEDULE (A.)-—continued.	. 1	
Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.	England.	Scotland.
Receipt or Difcharge to be given for the confideration of the purchafe of any ihare in any publick (lock or fund* or in the ftocks of the corporations of the bank of England, Eaft-India company, or South-Sea company, or fprthe dividends paid or payable on fuch (hares of the faid ftocks.  Receipt or Difcharge given for money de-pofited in the banks of England or Scotland, or in the houfe of any banker or bankers.  Receipt, Difcharge, or Acquittance, written on the back of any bill of exchange, promiffory note or other note, duly (tamped according to thediredions of this a a, or on the back of any foreign bill qf exchange, payable in Great Britain.  Receipt, Difcharge, or Acquittance, by deed duly and legally damped.  Receipt, Difcharge, or Acquittance, given upon any bill or .note of the governor and company of the bank of England.  * Letters acknowledging the fafe arrival of any bills, notes, or other fecurities for money.  Receipt or Difcharge indorfed on or contained in the body of any deed, bond, mortgage, or other inftrument, acknowledging the payment or re-payment oi any part of any principal fum, or any intereft thereupon, lent, paid, or fecurec in, by, or upon fuch deed, bond, mortgage, or other inftrument duly and le. gaily damped.  Receipt or Difcharge given, or required tc be given, for any money payable bylaw to any merchant for drawbacks or bounties upon the exportation of any goods or merchandise from this kingdom. Certificates of over entry of any duties o cuftoms.  Receipt, Difcharge, or Acknowledgemen * of Payment, indorfed on any order, bill	& *• *  )  r  f  t  >	£m I. i*

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.		
ferae and Defcription of the Inftrnment, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.	England.	Scotland.
	£. i. d.	£. s. i.
remittance bill, or certificate, made or drawn by commifTioners of the navy, or commifBoned officers, matters, and fur-		
geons ip the navy, for wages or pay.  Receipt, Difcharge, or Acknowledgement of Payment, indorfed on any bill or bills drawn in purfuance to or in the execution of the powers and authorities of any		
ad or ads of parliament, by the com-mi(Boners of his Majetty’s navy, or by the commiflioners for vi&ualling his		
Majcfly’s navy, or by the commiifioners	,	
for talcing care of Tick and wounded feamen, or by the com mi (Boners for managing the tranfport-fervice, upon and payable by the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy.  Prebate of Will or Letters of Adminiftration for any ettpte above the value of £.20, and under the value of £. 100 -	— 10 —	
p{ the value of £.100, and under the value		
of £.200 -	2		1 _
of the value of £.200, and under the value  of £.300 -----	5		mmm
of the value of £.300, and under the value of £.450 -	8		_
pf the value of £.450, and under the value of £.600 - - - - , -	II 	 		
of the value of £.600, and under the value of £.800 -----	15		
of the value of£.8co, and under the value		/
of £.1,000 -----	22 — —	_
of the value of £.1,000, and under the value of £.1,500 -	30		
of the value of £.1,500, and under the value of £.2,000	40		mmm
of the value of £.2,000 and under the value of £.3,500 -	50		
of the value of £.3,500, and under the value of £.5,000 - -	60 — —	
of the value of £.5,coo, and undpr the		
value of £.7,500 -	75		mmm
pf the value of £.7,500, and under tht		
value of £-io,oco -	90		—

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.		
Name and Defcription of the Internment, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.	England.	Scotland-
Probate of Wills, &c.—continued.	£. i. d.	£. 1. i
of the value of £io,coo, and under the		
value of £.12,500 -of the value of £. 12,500, and under the	IIO — —	—
value of £.15,000 -of the value of £.15,000, and under the	*35		—
value of £17,500 -of the value of £17,500, and under the	r6o		
value of £.20,000 - - -of the value of ,£.20,000, and under the	185 --	—
value of£.25,000 ' -of the value of £.25,000, and under the	210		—
value of £30,000 * of the value of £30,000, and under the	260		—
value of £35,000 -of the vahie or £35,000, and under the	3*0 			—
value of £.40,000 -of the value of £.40,000, and under the	360		
value of £45,000 -of the value of £45,000, and under the	410		
value of £50,000 -of the value of £50,coo, and under the	460 — —	
value of £6o,oco -of the value of £fco,oco, and under the	550		—
value of £70,000 -of the value of £70,000, and under the	650		—
value of £8o,eoo -of the value of £80,000, and under the	750		—
value of £50,000 -of the value of £90,000, and under the	850		—
value of £100x00 -of the \alue of £100,000, and under the*	950		—
value of £.125,000 - - -of the value of £.125,000, and under the	1,200		
value of £150 000 of the value of £150.000, and under the	1,403		—•
value of £.175, ccO of the value of £.175,000, and under the	1,600		—*•
value of £.100,000 - -of the value of £.200,000, and under the	2,0C0		
value of £250,000 -of the value of £250,000, and under the	2,500 —	
j value of £.300,000 -	3,000 —	—
r pf the value of £300,000, and under the		
value of £.350,000 -	3^00	r\	

SCHEDULE (A.) —continued.

Xunc and Defcription of the Jnftrument, Article, or Thing* on which the Duty attaches*

England.

’rotate of Wills* &p, continued.

of the value of £.350,000, and under the value of £.400,000	-

of the value of £.402,000, and under the, value of £.500,000	-

of the value of £.500,coo or upwards -

£' u A*

4.00	D-----

5.000	-----

6.000	— —

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Scotland.

s. (L

Probate of any Will or Letters of Ad-minift ration of any common Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, who (hall be flam or die in the fcrvice of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs.

Legacy, fpecifick, or pecuniary, or of any other description, of the amount or value of £.20 or more, given by any will or teftamentary in-ftrument of any perfon out of his or her per-fonal eftate, and alfo upon the clear refidue, and upon every part of the dear refidue of the perfonal eftate of every fuch perfon, whether teftate or inteftate, ana who (hall have left, or .(hall leave, any perfonal eftate of the clear value of £.100 or upwards, which (hall remain, after deducing debts, funeral expcnces, and other charges, and fpecifick and pecuniary legacies (if any), whether the title to fuch refidue, or to any part thereof, (hall accrue by virtue of any teftamentary difpoGtion, or upon inteftacy ; where any fuch legacy, or any refidue or part of refidue of any fuch perfonal eftate (hall be given, or (hail pafs to or for the benefit of a brother or After of the deceafcd, or any defendant of a brother or After, for every one hundred pounds of the value of any fuch legacy or refidue, or any part of refidue, and fo after the fame rate for any greater or left fum, payable and to be paid on the receipt or dif-charge for fuch legacy or refidue, or part of gefiduu	-

On the receipt or difeharge for any fuch legacy, or any fuch refidue or part of refidue of any fuch perfonal eftate as above mentioned, which (hall be fo given, or {hall (o pals as aforefaid, to or for the benefit of a brother or After of a father or pother of the deceafed, or any defendant

2 10 —

a 10 —

Marne and Defcription of the Jnftrument, Article, or Thing, bn which the Duty attaches.

Legacies continued.

of a brother or filler of a father or mother of the deceafed; for every one hundred pounds of the value of fuch legacy or . refidue, or part thereof, and fo after the fame rate for any greater or lefs fum • On the receipt or difcharge for any fuch legacy, or any fuch refidue or part of refidue of any fuch perfonat cftate as above mentioned, which (hall be fo given, or (hall fo pafs as aforefaid, to or for the benefit of a brother or filler of a grandfather or grandmother of the deceafed, or any defendant of a brother or filler of a grandfather or grandmother of the deceafed; for every one hundred pounds of the value of fuch legacy or refidue, or part thereof, , and fo after the fame rate for any greater or lefs fum -	,	-

On the receipt or difcharge for any fuch legacy, or any fuch refidue or part of refidue of any fuch perfonal cftate as above mentioned, which (hall be (b given or (hall fo pafs as aforefaid, to or for the benefit of any perfon, in any other degree of collateral confangurnity to the deceafed than as above defcribed, or any ftranger in blood to the deceafed; for every one hundred pounds of the value of fuch legacy or refidue, or part thereof, and fo after the fame rate for any greater or lefs fum EXEMPTIONS.

Legacy, or any refidue or part of refidue of any perfonal eftate, which (hall be given or (hall pafs to or for the benefit of the hulband or wife of the deceafed. Legacy, or any refidue or part of refidue of any perfonal eftate, which ^hall he given or (hall pafs to or for the benefit of any of the Royal Family.

Certificate to be taken out by every perfon yrho (hall ufe any dog, gun, ret, or other engine, (or the taking or deftru&ion of game, yearly SPECIAL EXEMPTION.

The Royal Family.

England.



4-----

Scotland

JL* *• ^

4----

5------

5-----

8 -r —

3 3-

8-----

I 3 —

fame and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

Certificate iffued to or taken out by any perfon under any deputation or appointment of game* keeper (being a menial fervant) yearly SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

England.

£• *• d*

I I —

Scotland.

£• *

I I —

Perfons appointed Game-Keepers by any of the Royal Family within the forefts, chafes, parks, warrens, or other royalties to them refpe&ively belonging.

Idmittance, inftrument of, or any minute, memo- u randum, or entry of admittance, of any member of the college of phyficians in Scotland, or of any advocate, clerk to the iignet, folicitor, procurator, agent, or other officer in any court whatfoever, or of any notary-publick in Scotland

SPECIAL EXEMPTION.

Annual Officer in any royal burgh, or of regality, corporation, or inferior court, wiiofe office is under the value of £.10 per annum, in falary, fees, or per-quifites.

Summons, Warrants, or Orders for Service, iffuing from or out of the court of feffion or court of exchequer in Scotland -Summons, Warrants, or Orders for Service, ifluing from or out of any court in Scotland (not being the court of feffion or of judiciary, or court of exchequer), where the matter in dif-pute (hall exceed the amount or value of five pounds -	»

3epofition or Depofitions of a witnefs or witnefles taken in any caufc or fuit before the court of feffion or commilfion of tiends, or court of admiralty in Scotland, or commifiary court of Edinburgh, or in any civil caufe, before any inferior court in Scotland -Depofition or Affidavit produced in the court of exchequer in Scotland -

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

Depofitions taken in any caufe or fuit be- ' fore any of the laid courts in Scotland, yvhich is infilled in at the inftancc of

16 — —

— 4 —

— a —

2 — 2 —

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.	•	
Name and Ddcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.	England.	Scotland.
the publick profecutor for the poblick intereft, or where the publick revenue is concerned.  Depofitions taken in any civil caufe before	£• h dm	£. i. i.
any inferior court aforefaid, where the fum of fubjed concluded for is under the value of £.5 fterling, exclufive of coils*  Surrender or Refignation, principal or original inftrument of, of any meffuages, houfes, lands, tenements, hereditaments, tythes, mills, fithings, and other heretable rights, to be made to any fubjed fu peri or thereof, or to any city, . town, burgh, or corporation, or to any ma-giftrates or others, who have power to receive		
•luch furrenders in Scotland Charter of Refignation, or of Confirmation, or 01 Novodamus, or upon apprifing or adjudication made or, granted by fuch fubjed fuperiors, or		— 14-
others as aforefaid -Precept of Clare Conftat, or principal ororigina retour of any fervice of heirs of or in lands or tenements holding of any fubjed fuperior as		— 14-
aforefaid ------  Saiftne, principal or original inftrument of, taken Or following upon any mortgage, wadfet, heretable bond, alienation, or difpoGtion, or upon any charter, precept of clare conftat, retour, apprifing or adjudication of lands or tene* meats holding of any fubjed fuperior as afore*		— 14-
faid - - -Surrender, principal or original inftrument of, or of refignation, or fervice, or cognition of heirs, or charter* or fit!fine of any houfes, lands, tenements or hereditaments, holding burgage oi		—
of burgage tenure -Agreement made in Scotland, where the matter (ha be of the value of £.20 or upwards, whethei the fame (hall be only the evidence of a con-trad or obligatory upon the parties from it! being a written inftrument, provided fuel agreement (hall not contain a claufe of re giftratidn; upon any number of words no _ amounting to thirty common law (beets (ca	r  s  1  t	—.14-  ■

£’ s‘ 4* I £.

— 16 —

— I — 16 —

Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, i	.	i

on which the Duty attaches.	|	En8llM* | Scotland.

eulated at feventy-rwo words to each (heet) of| which any fuch agreement (hall confift

And for every entire quantity of fifteen com mon law meets, (calculated at feventy-two words to each meet), of which any fuch agreement or other obligatory inftrument, together with every fchedule, receipt, inftrument, or other matter, put or indqrfed thereon or annexed thereto, (hall confift, over and above the firft fifteen of fuch common law iheets, a further duty of -

SPECIAL.EXEMPTIONS.

Label, Slip, or Memorandum, containing! the heads of infurances to be made by] the corporations of the Royal Exchange I aiturance or London aflurance, or the corporations of the Royal Exchange! aflurance of houfes and goods from fire,] and London aflurance of houfes and) goods from fire.

Memorandum or Agreement for any leafe] at rack-rent of any mefluage under the! yearly value of five pounds.	I

Memorandum or Agreement for the hire) of any labourer, artificer, manufacturer,} or menial fervant.	I

Memorandum, Letter, or Agreement,! made for or rotating to the-fale of any) goods, wares, or merchandize.	J

Memorandum or Agreement made be-1 tween mafter and mariners of any coaft-| ing veflel for wages.	|

Letter or Letters containing an agreement! in refpedt of any merchandize or evi-| dence of fuch an agreement, which (hall] pafs by the poll between merchants and ] other perfons carrying on trade or com-1 merce, and refiding, and a&ually being] at the-time of fending fiich' letters, atf the diftance of fifty miles from each] other.

DTfpofition or Conveyance of Lands or Heretabl$[

Rights in Scotland, upon any number of words! not amounting to thirty common law (beets, |

SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.		
Name andDefcription of the Inftruraent, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.	England.	Scotland
(calculated at feventy-two words to each (heet), of which any fuch difpofition or conveyance	£. r. d.	£• ^
(hall confift - - •  And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law meets (calculated at feventy-two words to each meet) of which any fuch difpofition or conveyance of land or he-		19-
retable rights, together with every fche-dule, receipt, inftrument, or other matter		
put or indorfed thereon or annexed thereto, (hall confift, (over and above the fir ft		
fifteen fuch common law fhcets), the further fum of - '  Heretable Bond or Conveyance of Lands or Here-		— *9“*
table Rights for the fecarity of any fum of money, lent, not exceeding £.100 For the like fecurity where the fum of		1 9-
money lent (hall exceed £. too, and (hall not exceed £.300 -For the like fecurity where the fum of		1 19-
money lent (hall exceed £.300, and (hall	—	2 19 —
not exceed £.500 -For the like fecurity where the fum of		
money lent (hall exceed £.500, and (hall not exceed £. 1,000 -For the like fecurity where the fum of		3 *9-
money lent (hall exceed £.1,000, and (hall not exceed £.2,000		4 19-
For the like fecurity where the fum of	-	
money lent (hall exceed £.2,000, and (hall not exceed £.3,000 For the like fecurity where the fum of		5 »9-
money lent (hall exceed £.3,000, and	. —■>	6 19 —
(hall not exceed £.4,000 For the like fecurity where the fum of		
money lent (hall exceed £.4,000, and (hall not exceed £.5,000 For the like fecurity where the fum of		7 *9
money lent (hall exceed £ 5,000, and (hall not exceed £. 10,006 For the like fecurity where the fum of		9 *9“
money lent (hall exceed £.io,ooo, and (hail not exceed £.13,000		11 I?

Name and Dcfcription oMhe i nftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

For the like fecurity where the fum of money lent lhall exceed £.15,000, an^ lhall not exceed £.20,000	*■

For the like fecurity where the fum of money lent (hall exceed £.20,coo -The faid feveral and refpedtive duties on heretable bonds or conveyance of lands or heretable rights to be payable and paid for and in refpe& of any number of words therein, not amounting to thirty common law fheets (calculated at feventy-twd words to each (hect), of ; which any fuch heretable bond or conveyance, together with every Schedule, receipt, inftrument, or other matter put or indorfed thereon or annexed thereto (hall confift.

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law (heets (calculated at Seventy-two words to each fheet), of which any fiich heretable bond or conveyance of land or heretable rights, together with every fchedule, receipt, inftrument, or other matter put or indorfed thereon or annexed thereto, (hall confift (over and above the firft fifteen common law (heets), a further duty of Afiignation of any Heretable Bond or Conveyance of Lands or Heretable Rights; upon any number of words not amounting to thirty common law (heets (calculated at feventy-two words to each ftieet), of which any fuch afiignation (hall confift -	-	-	*	-	'	-

And for every entire quantity of fifteen common law fheets (calculated at feventy-two words to each (beet), of which any fuch afligtiation, together with every fchedule, receipt, or other matter put or iiv» dor fed thereon or annexed thereto, (hall confift (over and above the firft fifteen common Taw (heets), a further duty of -Bond, given folely as a collateral fecurity fpr any heretable bon'd or conveyance of lands or heretable rights -Copy attefied, or extra# of or from any deed, inftrument, or writing, given out from any pub* V^t vi v	f	*

England.	Scotland.

£. r.	d.	£•	*•

t

—	14	19	—

_	19	*9	—

1 9 —

— 19 —

— 19 —

434 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto GsorGxi III. c. 98. [1S04.		
SCHEDULE (A.)—continued.		»
Name and Dtfcription of the Inftrument, Article, of Thing, on which the Duty attaches.	England,	Scotland.
lick regifter, or from the books or record of any	£. s. d.	£. s. i
court in Scotland  SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.		- 1 6
Extrafls of the Decrees of Court, other than fuch formal decrees of registration as are ufually annexed to the eittra&s of writings.  Copies of Extracts or Protefts upon Bills or Promiffory Notes under forty (hillings fterling.  Award or Decree Arbitral made in Scotland, whe-	4	
ther rqeiftcred or not - - -Writ or Inftrument^ with any inftitution or licenfe, that lhall be pafTed or made by any prefbytery	-	1 9-
or other fpiritual power in Scotland Teftatnont Teftamentor, or Teftament Dative, or Eik thereto, to be expeded in any commifTary court in Scotland, for any eftate above the value of £.20 anc		2 — —
under the value of £. 100 of the value of £.100 and under the		— 10-
value of £.200 - - -of the value of £200 and under the value	—	2	
of £.300 .... of the value of £-300 and under the		5--1
value of £.450 -of the valufe of £<4.50 and under the		8 — ^)
value of £.600 of the value of £.600 and under the	—	11 — -
value of £.800 ... of the value of £.800 and under the	—*	*s--
value of £. i,coo ... of the value of £.1,000 and under the	—			*
value of £.1,500 ... of the value of £.1,500 and under the	—	30--
value of £.2,000 -of the value of £.21000 and under the		40--
value of £.3,590 -of the value of £.3,500 and under the		50--
value of £.5,000 ... of the value of £.5,000 and tender the	—	60 — -
value of £.7*500 - » . of the value of £.7,500 and under the		is --
value of £.i<hoco „ - J		90 — •*

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.		-
Name and pcfcrjption of the laftrumrat, Article, or Thing, on wKich the Duty attaches.	England,	Scotland.
Teftament Teftatnentor, &c.— continued.  of the value of £.10,000 and under the	£• *• d.	£• ^
value of £.13,500	—	no —
or the value of £.12,500 and under the		
value of £.15,000 Of the value of £.15,000 and under the	—	13s — —
value of £.17,500 •f the value of £.17,500 and under the		160 — —  \
value of £.ao,ooo  pfthe value of £.20,000 and under the		,85	
value of £.25,000 -	—	210 — —
^f the value of £.25,000 and under the		
value of £.30,000	—	260 — —
of the value of £.30,000 and under the		
value of £. 35.000	—	3IO	
of the value of £.35,000 and under the		
value of £.40,000 of the value of £.4.0,009 and under the	—	360 — —
		
value of £.45,000	—	410 — —•
of the value of £.45,030 and under the		460 — —
value of £.50,000	- 1	
of the value of £.50,000 and under the		
value of £.60,000 of the value of £.60,000 and under the	—	.550		
value of £ 70,000	—	650 — —
of the value of £.70,000 and under }he		
value of £.80,000 of the value of £.80,000 find under the		750		
value of £.90,000 of the value of £.90,000 and under the	—	850 — —
		
value of £. 100.000 of the value of £.100,000 and under	—	95° 		
the value of £.125,000	— .	1,200 — —
of the value of £.125,000 and under		
the value of /. 159,000 of the value ot £-150,009 and under	—	*,*°o	
.the value of £.175,000	—	1,600 — —
,©f the'value of £.175,000 and under		
the value of £.200,000	—	2,000 — —
of the value of £.200,000 and under		
the valuf of £250,900 of the valqe pf £.250,000 and under	—■	2,500 —
the value pf £.300,000 of the value ot £.300,000 and under		3,000 — —
the value of £.350,000 - . tn	mmam	3,500 — —

436 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii IIT. c. 98. [1804.

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.		
Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.	England.	Scotland.
Teftament Teftamentor, &c.—continued.  of the value of £.350,000 and under	l H	£• u
the value of £.400,000 -of the value of £.400,000 and under		4,000—
the value of £.500,000	—	5,000 —
Of or above the value of £*500,000 -  SPECIAL EXEMPTION. Teftament Teftamentor, or Teftament Dative, or Eik theteto, of any common fcaman, marine, or foldier, who (hall be flam or die in the fervice of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors.		6,000	

Schedule (B.)

STAMP DUTIES.

Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.	England.	Scotia
Infurance upon every fum of£.ico, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs fum that is or (hall be infurea by any perfon or perfons, in or by any policy of infurance, for infuring houfes, furniture, goods, warehoufes, merchandize, or other property, from lofs by fire, yearly - -	£. s. J. — 2 6	£• '•  _ $ 6
SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.		
Publick Hofpirals.  ' Infurance made in Great Britain, for infuring any houfes or furniture, goods, wares, merchandize,' or other property, within any foreign kingdom or ftate in amity with his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors.		
Advertifeflnent contained in the London Gazette* or any other paper printed in Great Britain, to be difperfed and made publick, weekly or ©ftencr, or yearly, monthly, or at any other	1	

SCHEDULE (B.) —continued.		
Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.	England.	Scotland.
interval of time exceeding one week, or which (hall be contained in or published with any pamphlet whatfoever, fo printed and difperfed and made publick -  SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.  Single Advertifement printed and difperfed feparately.  Daily Accounts or! 0 . ....  BillsofGoods im. S“ch b,lls °r. ?c-ported and export- “unw contammg r v no other matters  Accounts ” of the f J180 have  ' V-J xsr-  Pamphlets or Books, or Papers, commonly fo called (being larger than one whole (beer, and not exceeding fix (beets oflavo, or on a Idler page, or not exceeding twelve (heels in quarto, or twenty (beets in folio), printed in Great Britain, for every fheet of any kind of paper which (hall be contained in one copy thereof	£. t. d.  —	3 —  t  —	2 —	£• i.  —	3 —  —	2—r
SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.  A&s of Parliament.  Proclamations, "1 Ordered to be  Orders of Council, printed by his  Forms of Prayer and > Majefty, his Thankfgivings, heirs or fuc-• A<9s of State. J ceffors.  Printed Votes or other matters by order of either houfe of parliament.  Books commonly ufed in the fchools of Great Britain.  Books containing only matter of devotion or piety.  Playing-Cards, for every pack which (hall be made fit for fale or ufe in Great Britain Dice, for every pair which (hall be made fit for fale or ufe in Great Britain -Hats made wholly of Felt, Wool, Stuff, Beaver, or Leather, or any mixture of the faid fub-ftances, or any or them, or with any other fubftance or fubftance9, by whatever name fuch hat (hall be called or diftinguifhed,- not exceeding the price or value of fpur (hillings, in-	— 2 6	— 2 6

SCHEDULE (B.)—-continued.		
Name and Defcription of the lnftrument. Article, or Tiling, on which the Duty attaches.	England.	Scotland.
which (hall be uttered or vended in Great Britain, where fuch packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclofure, with its contents, (hall		£• <•
not exceed the price or value of one (billing Where fuch packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclofure, with its contents, (hall exceed the price or value of one (hilling, and not exceed the price or value of two		U		1
(hillings and fixpence -Where fuch packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclofure, with its contents, (hall exceed the price or value of two (hillings and fixpence, and not exceed the price or	-— 3	— s
value of four (hillings ...  Where fuch packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclofure, with its contents, (hail exceed the price or value of four (hillings, and (hall not exceed the price or value oir		6		6
ten (hillings *  Where fuch packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclofure, with its contents, (hall exceed the piice or value of ten (hillings, and (hall not exceed the price or value of		
twenty (hillings - -W here luch packer, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclofure, with its contents, (hall exceed the price or value of twenty (hillings, and (hall not exceed the price or	— 2 —	
value of thirty (hillings «r Where fuch packer, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclofure, with its contents, (hall exceed the price or valge of thirty (hillings, and (hall not exceed the price or value of	— 3 -	- 3-
tifty (hillings ~ -Where fuch packet, hox, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclofure, with its contents, (hall	— 10 —	— 10 —
exceed the price or v?lue of fifty (hillings -	I		1 — —

SCHEDULE of Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Eflences, Tindures, Powders^ Preparations, and Compofitions.

ALL Foreign Medicines, except Drugs.

Adam’s Solvent.

Addifon’s re-animating European Bal-fam.

/Ethereal Anodyne Spirit.

Ague and Fever Drops {by Wilfon). Amboyna Lotion.

— -------Mouth Powder.

-------— Tooth Powder.

American Alterative Pills,

— -------Salve.

Andalufia Water.

Anderfon’s Septs Pills.

Angibaud’s Lozenges of Blois. Anodyne Necklace.

Antipertuflis.

Appleby’s Tea.

Arabian Balfam.

Arnold’s Drops.

---------Pills.

Arquebufade Water.

Aromatick Spirit of Vinegar.

—	---Condenfed.

Afiatic Bilious Pills.

——^ Tonic Tindure.

Auftin’s Chalybeate Pills.

Balm of Mecca.

Balfam of Iceland Liverwort. ^Barclay’s Antibilious Pills.

—	Afthmatic Candy. Barlowe’s Specific Medicine. Barron’s Cachou de Rofe Lozenges. Barton's Alterative Pomade.

—	— Vital Wine.

Bateman’s Drops.

■ ■■— — Golden Spirit of Scurvy-Grafs.

— —— Plain S irits of ditto Balcy’s Britifh Tooth-Powder. Beafely’s Family Plafler.

Beaume de Vie.

Beiker’s Tindure.

Bell’s Reftorarive Pills.

Bcnne:’* Worm Powders.

Benzoin, Eflence of.

Berry’s Bilious Pills.

Betton’s Britifh Oil.

Birt’s Martial Balfam.

Blair’s Cephalic Fluid.

Boerhaave’s Antifcorbutic Wine. Bolderfon’s Worm Cakes.

Bollman’s Specific.

Bolton’s Afthmatic Tindure/ Boftock’s Cordial*

---------Grand Elixir.

Bott’s Corn Salve.

—	Tooth Powder.

Bourne’s-/Ethereal Eflence.

Box’s Magnefia Lozenges*

Brazil Salts.

Brodum’s Botanic Pills.

---------Botanical Syrup,

---------Nervous Cordial.

Browne’s Britifh Pills.

—	--  Rheumatic	Powders.

-----—- Tindure of Yellow Bark.

Bryant’s Eflence of Coltsfoot. •Camphor, -Ethereal Eflence of. Cathcart’s Edinburgh Ointment. ----------Water.

Cephalic Snuff.

Chamberlain’s Ointment.

———-----------Pills.

Chapman’s Cerate.

-----------Chilblain	Water.

Ching’s Worm Lozenges.

Chinner’s Pills.

Church’s Anodyne Eflence.

....... Chilblain Ointment.

---------Cough Drops.

---------Eye Salve.

---------Pedoral Pills.

---------Volatile	Tindure.

Clcrval’s S\rup.

Clinton's Oil for Deafncfs.

---------Snuff.

Clyde’s Baliam*

Schedule of Drugs, &c.—continued.

Collier’s Affiftant Pills,

—	----Ointment.

—Remedy for Fiftula and Piles.

Complin’s Specific.

Cordial Balm of Gilead.

Cornwell’s Fruit Lozenge.

-—y ■■■ Opodeldoc.

——■-----Oriental Vegetable Cordial.

Coftello’s Cerate.

—	■■■ ' Collyrium.

Cottier’s Refolvent and Healing Planter.

Cox’s Tindlure.

Coxwell’s Caftor Oil Medicine. Culpepper’s Herb Cordial.

Cundell’s Balfam of Honey.

Curtis’s Syrup.

Daffy’s Elixir.

Dalby’s Carminative.

Dalmahoy’s Sat Poignant.

—	-------Taftelefs Salts.

Dawfon’s Lozenges.

Deering’s Drops.

Delefcoi’s Myrt e Opiate.

De Velno’s Pills.

Dickenfon’s Cephalic Drops.

—— Red Drops forConvulfions.

—	-----Drops for Firs.

Dixon’s Antibilious Pills, ponavan’s American V egetable Syrup. • Doranftorfrs Opodeldoc.

Dutch Drops.

Earl’s Remedy for the Hooping Co. gh.

Edward’s Ague Tindture.

—	— — Nipple Ointment.

Elixir of LongevityKor Swcdifh Pre-

fervative.

Ellis’s Aperient Pills.

Falck’s Cerate.

—	----Univcrfal Pills,

■---------Syrup.

Dicey and Go’s Bathing Spirits. — Daffy’s Elixir.

Findon’s Drops.

Ford’s Balfam of Horehound. Fordyce’s cooling opening Pills, Fothergill’s Pedoral Pills.

—	- — Reftorative.

Fraunce’s Elixir.

Freake’s Tin&ure of Bath. Freeman's Bathing Spirits.

---------Eye Water.

Friend to Man.

Frith’s Antibilious Elixir.

Fry’s Worm Pills.

Fryars’Balfam.

Gamble’s Aromatic Snuff. Garaveni’s Styptic.

Gardener’s Ointiqeot.

----Pills.

German Corn Plafteror Salve. Gilbert’s Rofeate Lotion.

Glaffe’s Magnefia.

Godbold’s Balfam.

Godfrey’s Cordial.

--------7 Rofe Lozenges.

Gowland’s Lotion.

Grand Specific or Infallible Antidote to Confutnptions.

Grant’s Drops.

-------Lifbon Tonic Pills.

Green’s Honey Lozenges.

——— Oil, or Infallible Oil.

—■■ Tooth Ache Pills. Greenough’s Tindture,

—	■	Tolu	Lozenges.

Grey’s Lozenges.

Tooth Powder.

Griffin’s Afthmatic Tindture. Grubb’s Fryar’s Drops.

Gueft’s Lotion.

----— Pills.	,

-------■ Powder.

■ - Tooth Powder.

-------Welcome Gueft.

Haarlam’s Drops.

Hadley’s Convulfive Powders. Hallam’s Aniraa of Quaffia.

Schedule of Drugs, &c. — continued.

fallam’s Antibilious Pills.

---------Quaffia Ditto.

[amilton’s Afthmatic Effluvia*

—	-----Cinnamon Drops.

-------— Corn Salve.

—	---- Vegetable Balfamic Tinc-

ture.

Ian nay’s Walk.

larvey’s Anti-Venereal Pills.

---------Grand Reftorative Drops.

latfield’s Tindture. layman’s Marcdant’s Drops, layward’s Stomachic Lozenges.

■	— —— Anti-acid, ditto.

—	-----Samaritan Water.

Hemet’s Eflence of Pearl.

------Pearl Dentifrice.

Heming’s Pine-Bud Lozenges.

Henry’s Aromatic Spirits of Vinegar. ———- Magnefia.

Hewitt’s Analambanic Pills. „ Hickman’s Pills.

Hill’s Balfam of Honey.

—— Bardana Drops.

—— Canada Balfam.

-— Eflence of Water Dock.

----Gout Eflence.

-— Tindture of Centaury.

I--------------- Sage.

----Valerian.

Hodfon’s Aromatic Nervine Tea.

—	—.. - Imperial Oil.

---------Perfian Reftorative.

■■ ■■■ Syrup.

Holdfworth’s Lozenges.

Hooper’s Female Pills.

Howell’s Powders for Epilepfy. Hunter’s Elixir.

-— ■ - Pills.

—	----Reftorative.

Jackfon’s Corn Salve.

■	-------Ointment.

-------— Tindlure.

Jacobfon’s Cough Drops.

James’s Analeptic Pills,

James’s Fever Powder.

—:----Medicine for the Dropfy.

Jebb’s, Sir Richard, Elixir.

------------------Pills.

Jefuits’ Drops.

Imperial Anodyne Opodeldoc, nfallible Reftorative. nglifh’s Scots Pills.

‘ ohnfton’s Eflence of Horehound. ohntcnocco’s Tooth Powder. Jones’s Rheumatic Tindture.

Irvine’s Fruit Lozenges.

Juniper’s Eflence of Penny RoyaL

---------—— ■ ....Peppermint.

Kennedy’s Corn Salve or Plafter. Keyfer’s Pills.

Knight’s Pills. .

Lamert’s Balfam.

Lancafter Black Drop.

Leake’s Cerate.

------Chilblai Watr.

----- Pills. ^

---:— Purifying Drops.

Leathe’s Lotion,

Le Coups Imperial Oil.

Lee’s Lozenges.

Lewis’s Specific Pills.

------Tindturc of Anguftura Bark.

Liquid Shell for the Stone and Gravel. Lockyer’s Pills.

Lord’s Corn Salve or Plafter. Lorraine’s Confumptive Pills. Lourie’s Eye Water.

Lowther’s Drops.

■	—- ■■■■ Nervous Powders. Lozenges, Anifeed.

---------Benzoin. -

---------Camomile.

«	-----Ginger.

---------Horehound.

--------  Ipecacuanha.

■	> - Patirofa.

---------Peppermint.

-------- Poppy.

.,	— Rofe.

444 Anno regni quadragelimo quarto Georgtt III. c. 98. [1804. SCHEDULE (fi.)—continued.

Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. *	Schedule of Drugs, &c. —continued.

Lozenges, Rotated Liquorice.

——- Specific.

—	--Spermaceti.

■	------Tolu.

Lucas’s Pure Drops of Life.

Luzatte’s Britiih Pills.

Lygnum’s Antifcorbutic Drops.

■	■- ■ Lotion.

---------Pills.

Magnefia Tablets.

Man’s Cough Medicine.

Mapoon’s Sanative Salve.

Marfhall’s Cerate.

---------Wort Diflolvent.

Matthew’s or Matthews’s Alterative

Medicine.

Chymical Tindture.

Remedies for curingEiftula and Piles without cuttingorpain.

» » ...— Samaritan Reftorative.

Mayerfbach’s Balfamic Pills.

—	--------Mixture.

-——— Reftorative Powders. Medley’s Aromatic Herb Snuff*. Metallic Traitors.

Military Drops.

Millman’s Itch Ointment.

Monfey’s Rheumatic Powders. Nailor’s Corn Ointment.

Newton’s reftorative Tooth Powder. Norman’s Syrup.

Norris’s Chalybeate Pills.

——— Drops.

*------„ Tonic Eflence.

Norton’s Matedant’s Drops. Oliverian Ointment for the Piles. Oanikirlc Medicine for the Bite of a Mad Dog.

Palmer’s Laxative Pills.

Paraguay Lotion.

Pafchalrs Teething Remedy. Pedtoral Eflence of Coltsfoot. Perkins’s Metallic Traitors.

Perrin’s Balfam of Lungwort.

Peter’s Pills

----— Tindture.

Pidding's Balfam of Liquorice. Pike’s Ointment.

Pomade Divine.

—-— Royal.

Powell's Camphor Liniment.

-------Eye Salve.

Price’s Bread Salve.

Prickett's Styptic.

Pullen’s Antifcorbutic Pills.

-------Purging Pills.

Pyrmont Tablets.

Radchffe's Purging Elixir.

-------Rheumatic Tin&ure.

Refined Britiih Oil.* *

Relfe’s Nipple Ointment. Richardfon's Britifh Corn Salve or Plafter.

Riga Balfam.

Robbcrd’s Cough Drops.

Robert’s Worm Sugar Plums. Roche’s Embrocation.

Roe’s Englifh Coffee for Nervous Diforders.

Roger's Antibilious Elixir.

-------Antifcorbutic Pills.

Rook’s Balfam.

Rofe Tablets.

Rufpini’s Styptic,

-------Tindture.

—-----------Tin&ure for the	Tooth

Ache.

— ---------Tooth Powder.

Ryan’s Eflence of Coltsfoot. Rymer’s Cordiac and Nervous Tine-ture.

-------Detergent Pills.

-------Eflence of Garlick.

Rymer’s Pectoral Medicine.

-------Tonic Pills.

Schnid’s Liquid Dentrifice.

Schult’s Vegetable Acid Air.

Scot’s Gout Pills.

/

j 804.] Anno regni qtfadragefimo quarto GeorOu III. c. 98. 445 SCHEDULE (B.)— continued.

Name and Defcription of the Inftruraent, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

Schedule of Drugs, &c. — continued.

Senate’s Aromatic Steel Lozenges, or Lozenges of Steel.

Sharpe’s Hepatic Pills.

Sibley’s Lunar Tmdiure.

■	1 Solar D°

Simfon’s Infallible ./Ethereal Tincture.

Singleton’s Golden Ointment. Sloane’s, Sir Hans, Pills.

Smart’s Tindture of Cafcarilla Bark. Smellome’s Eye Salve.

Smith’s AntibiJious Pills.

—•— Antihedtic Balfam.

—— Cooling opening Pills# -------Drops.

■	—	Purifying Pills.

------Reftorative Medicated Wine.

Smyth’s Drops. *

—	--Reftorative.

Solander’s Sanative Tea.

Soley’s Eflence of Squills.

Solomon’s Abftergent.

■■	■	—— Anti Impetigines.

■	— ' Balm of Gilead. Speediman’s Stomach Pills.

Specific Convulfion Drops.

------for the Yellow Fever.

——	Remedy (by WeflcIsJ.

—	—— Tindture.

Spence’s Dentifrice.

SpiKbury’s Antifcorbutic Drops.

—	——- — Compound Eflence. SpinlufPs Aromatic Bilious Cordial. Squire’s Elixir.

Squirrel’s Drops.

——Tonic Pills.

—	--Powders.

Steer’s Camomile Drops.

——Camphorated Eye Water.

—— Convulfion Oil.

——■ Nitre Drops.

-------- Opodeldoc.

------Paregoric Lozenges.

—— Purging Elixir.

Sterne’s Balfamic Aither,

Sterne’s Stomachic Tablets.

—— Tindture and Gout Drops. Storey’s Worm Cakes.

Stoughton’s Bitters.

Elixir.

Stringer’s Eflence of Myrrh*

■	Myrrh Dentrifrice.

----— Paregoric Lozenges.

Swedilh Prefervative, or Elixir of Longevity.

Swinfen’s Anti-Acid.

—— Eledhiary.

---------Ointment.

—	-----Worm Sugar Cakes.

Swifs Balfam.

Taftelefs Ague Drops.

—	-----Fever Drops.

Thomas’s Tolu Eflence.

Thomfon’s Ague Tindture.

Tickell’s ALther.

Tindture for the Teeth and Gums. Tooley’s Cordial.

Tooth Ach Fluid.

Tooth Powder, Afiatic.

----—Paraguay.

------Royal.

Trotter’s Afiatic Tooth Powder. Trowbridge’s Golden Pills.

Tuberofa Vitae, or Chilblain Water* Turllngton’s Balfam.

Vandour’s Nervous Pills.

Van Swieten’s Gout Cordial. Vegetable Embrocation.

Vital Balm.

Waite’s Worm Nuts.

Walford’s Pancreatic Powders. Walker’s Jefuit’s Drops.

Walker’s Specific Remedy.

—	-----Stomachic Wine.

Waikey’s Tooth Powder.

Waller’s Ointment.

WaHh’s Coltsfoot Lozenges#

—	--Ginger Seeds.

------Pills.

Ward’s Dropfy Pills,

446 Anno regni quadragcfimo quarto Georg it m, e. 98. [1804. SCHEDULE (B.) — continued.

Name and Defcription of the Inftrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attacks.

Schedule of Drugs, See.—continued.

Ward’s E(fence for the Head Ache.

—	.Liquid Sweat.

--------- Pafte.

—	-Powders.

—	--- Red Pills.

—	■— Seek Drops.

—— Sweating Powder.

—— White Drops.

Ware’s Afthmatic Drops.

Warren’s Analeptic Powders.

•---------Britifh	Tooth Powder.

Water’s Artificial Mineral. Webfter’s Diet Drink.

Welch’s Female Pills.

Wheatley’s Ointment. ,

1 — ■ ----  Fluid.

Whitehead’s Eflence of Muftard.

---------—■■ > ■ — ofHorehouod.

------------Pills.

Williams’ Aperient Pills.

——----------Eflence of Benzoin or

Pulmonick Drops.

—--------Spa Elixir or Reftorative

Drops.

Willis’s Afthmatic Pills.

Winch’s Cough Drops.

Wray’s Ague Pills.

Zimmerman’s Stimulating Fluid.

Or by whatfoever other name or names the fame heretofore have been; now are, or (hall hereafter be called, known, or diitinguithed; and alfo all pills, powders, lozenges, tinflures, phtions, cordials, electuaries, plafters, unguents, falves, ointments, drops, lotions, oils, fpirits, medicated herbs and waters, chemical and officinal prepara* tions whatfoever, of the fame or the like properties, qualities, virtues, and efficacies with the articles before mentioned, named, enumerated, or fpecified in this fchedule, or any of them, made, prepared, uttered, Tended, or expofed to Tale by any perfon or perfons whatfoever, wherein the perfon making, preparing, uttering, vending, or expofing to fale the fame, hath, or claims to have, any occult fccrei or art for the making or preparing the fame, or hath or claims to have any exdufive right or title to the making or preparing the ; fame, or which have at any time heretofore been, now are, or (bill hereafter be prepared, uttered, vended, or expofed to fale under the authority of any letters patent under the great feal, or which hare at any time heretofore been, now are, or (hall hereafter be, by any publick notice or advertifement, or by any written or printed papers or hand-bills, or by any labels or words written, printed, or affixed to or delivered with any fuch packet, box, bottle, or phial, or other inclofure aforefaid, held out or recommended to the publick by the makers, vendors, or proprietors thereof, as noftrums or proprietary medicines or as fpecincs, or as beneficial to the prevention, cure, or relief of any diftemper, malady, ailment, diforder, or complaint incident to or in anywife affecting the human body.

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

All drugs named or contained in the book of rates fubferibed with the name of Sir Harbottle Grjmftone, Baronet, and mentioned and referred to by the adt of tonnage and poundage, made ia the

SCHEDULE (B.)—continued.

Name and Defcriptioa of the Iaftrument* Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches*

— — mmmm	■	■'	--■■■■■■	—	■	■	.-■■■■	,	■	—■	*

Schedule of Drugs, &c.—continued.

twelfth year of the reign of King Charles {.he Second, and in another book of rates, intituled, “An additional book of rates of goods and merchandizes ufually imported, and not parti-cularly rated in the book of rates referred to in the adt of tonnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, with rules, orders, and regulations, figned by the right honourable Spencer Compton, fpeaker of the honourable houfe of commons, and mentioned and referred to by an ad, made in the eleventh year of the reign of his majefty King George the Firft •” nor to any medicinal drug or drugs whatfoever, which {hall be fo uttered or vended entire without any mixture or compofition with any other drug of ingrodieqt whatfoever, by any furgeon, apothecary, chemift, or druggift, who hath ferved a regular apprenticefhip, or by any perfon who hath ferved as a furgeon in the navy or army under * any commiflion or appointment, who (hall have been duty entere4 at the war office or navy office, or by any other perfon whatfoever licenfed in purfuance of this ad; nor to any mixtures, competitions, or preparations whatfoever, mixed or compounded with or prepared from medicinal drugs, medicated or chemical preparations *or compofitions, or other ingredients bearing different denominations, or having different properties, qualities, virtues, or efficacies, which (hall be uttered or vended by any fuch furgeon, apothecary, chemift, or druggift as aforefaid, or by any fuch perfon who hath ferved as a furgeon in the navy or army under any fuch commiffion or appointment as afore* faid, the different denominations, properties, qualities, virtues, any efficacies of which mixtures, compofitions, and preparations as aforefaid, are known, admitted, aqd approved of in the prevention, cure, or relief of any diforder, malady, ailment, or complaint, incident to or in any wife afte&ing the human body, any wherein the perfon mixing, compounding, preparing, uttering, or vending the fame, hath not, nor claims to have, any occult fecret or ait for the mixing, compounding, or preparing the fame, nor hath, nor claims to have, any exclufive right or title to the mixing, compounding, or preparing, or to the vending of the fame j and which mixtures, compofitions, or. preparations, have not been, are not, nor (hall hereafter be, prepared, uttered, vended, or expofod to foie, undir the authority of any letters patent under the great feal, nor at any time heretofore have been, now are, or (hall hereafter be, by any 4>ublick notice, advertifcment, or by any written or printed papers or hand bills, or by any label* or words written, or printed, and affixed to, or delivered with any fuch packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or ether inclofure aforefaid, held out or re-

Name and Defcription of the Instrument, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attache*

Schedule of Drugs, &c. — continued.

commended to the publick by the owners, proprietors, makers, Compounders, original or firft vendors thereof, as nodrums or proprietary medicines, or as fpecifics, or as beneficial for the . prevention, cure, or relief of any fuch d idem per, malady, ailment, or complaint as aforefaid.

England.

Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, hired by the mile or ftage, to be ufed in travelling in Great Britain, for every mile fuch horfe, mare, or gelding (hall be hired to travel -	.	-

Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, hired for a left period of time than twenty-eight fucceflive days, for drawing on any publick road any coach or other carriage ufed in travelling pod, or other-wife, by whatfoever name fuch carriage now is or may be hereafter called or known (if the didance at the time of hiring fuch horfe, mare, or gelding (hall be ascertained), for every mile fuch horfe, mare, or gelding {hall be hired to travel	-	-	-

Horfe, Mare, or Gelding fo hired as lad above mentioned, in any cafe where the didance (hall not, at the time of fuch hiring, be afeertfined, for each day for which fuch horfe, mare, or gelding (hall be fo hired

SPECIAL EXEMPTIONS.

------1*



— * 9

Scotlind. — ii

--1}

- 1 9

Horfes, Mares, or Geldings, ufed in hackney cpaches licenfed purfuant to the feveral ails of parliament made for that purpofe, where the horfes, mares, or geldings drawing fuch hackney-coaches (hall be employed to go no greater didance than ten miles from the „ city of London or Wedminder, or the fuburbs thereof.

Carriage, whether a coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calalh, chaife marine, chaife, diligence, or other carriage with two or more wheels, by what name foever any fuch carriage now is or

SCHEDULE (B.)—continued.

Name and Defcriptioo of the Inftniment, Article, or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

hereafter may be called or known, which {hall be employed as a publrck ftage coach or carriage for the purpofe of conveying paflengers for hire to or from different places in Great Britain, and which (ball be licenfed for carrying not more than four infide paflengers (children in lap excepted), for ever) mile any fuch carriage ihall travel . Which mall be licenfed for carrying more than four, but not more than fix infide paflengers (children in lap excepted), for every mile any fuch carriage (hall travel Which (hall be licenfed for carrying more than fix, but not more than eight infide paflengers (children in lap excepted), for every mile any fuch carriage Ihall travel Which (hall be licenfed for carrying more than eight, but not more than ten infide paflengers (children in lap excepted), for every mile any fuch carriage (hall travel Which (hall be licenfed for carrying more than ten infide paflengers (children in lap excepted), for every mile any fuch carriage (hall travel -	-

England.

£. i. d.



-----2i

------34

------+

------S

Scotland*

£. u d.

-----a

-----24

------3

-----4

-----5

SPECIAL EXEMPTION. '

Hackney Coaches licenfed by the com-miflioners for licenfmg fuch coaches.

Horfe, Mare, or Gelding, entered to ftart or run for any plate, prize, fum of money, or other thing whatsoever, over and above all other duties chargeable by this or any other ad or ads of parliament -	-	*■

a a

a * —



Annortgni qaadragefitnoquarto Geokgii III. c. 98. (1804.

✓

Schedule (C.)

ALLOWANCES AND DRAWBACK,

ALLOWANCES.

To every perfon who, at one and the fame time, (hall produce at the head office for damps in London, to be damped, or dull buy of the commiflioners of the damp duties, vellum, parch-vtient, or paper, charged with any damp duty, to the amount in the whole of. £.30 or Upwards, one pound ten (hillings for every one hundred pounds, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs fund not under £.30.

To card-makers, on payment Of the duty on cards, monthly, at the time of fettling their accounts £.i* tor. for every £-100, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs fum.

Todationers who (hail purchafe damps for receipts to the amount sit one and the fame time of ,£.10, in confiderstion „ of their making no chafge to the publick for the paper damped for receipts, but actually and bon£ fide felling the fame for the price of the damp only, (even pounds ten (hillings for every One hundred pounds of the atnodfit of the duty on fuch damps "for receipts, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs fum, not under the fum of j£.lO; this allowance being over and above the ufual allowance on the prefent payment of damp duties to the amount of £•$(> and upwards.

To printers, publilhers, and proprietors of newfpapers, who (hall not have raifed the price of their newfpapers above the price at which the fame were refpeftively fold at and immediately before the time of paffing the aft of the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, ‘ An aft for granting to his Majefty certain damp duties on the feveral matters therein mentioned; and for better fecuring the duties on certificates to be taken out by folicitors, atrornies, and others praftifing in Certain courts of juftice in Great Britain;' and who (hall at one arid the fame time produce at the ketfd office of damps, to be damped, or (hall buy of the commiflioners of the damp duties, paper damped with the <Juty chargeable 00 newfpapers, the duties whereof (hall amount to ten pounds or upwards, in confideration of promot or prefent payment of fuch duty, fixteen pounds and eighteen shillings for every one bun* dred pounds on fuch payment, and fo in proportion for am* greater or lefs fum not "being under £.10. But if any fuch printer, publi(her,or proprietor (hall have raifed, or (hal! raife, the price of his newfpaper above the price at which the fame was fo fold at and immediately before the time of paffihg the /aid aft of the thirty-feventh year of the reigu. of his prefent

.	Majtfty,

ALLOWANCES.

Majefty, then and in fuch cafe no more or greater allowance (hall be made, in cohfiderarioh of fuch prompt or prefent payment, thtin at the rate of four pounds for every one hundred pounds, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs fum not under £. io.

To the two univerfitiet of Oxford and Cambridge rcfpe&ivCly, J the annual fum of £.50© each.

To perfons who ftiall purchafe at the head office for ftamps in London, ftamps for hat linings to the amount, at one and the fame time, of £.10 or upwards, ten pounds for everyone hundred pounds of the amount of the duty on fuch ftamps fo pur-chafed, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs fum not under £.10.

For receiving the duty for and in refpe£t of fire infurances, paying the fame, and making out the accounts according to the directions of the feveral a<5ts of parliament in that behalf made, five pounds for every one hundred pbunds fo received, paid, and accounted for, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs fum.

To any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, carrying on the bufinefs of fea infurances within the city of London, who (hall Have given or caufcd to be given (to the fatisfadfion of the commtffioners of the ftamp duties) fecurity by bond for tlie payment of the duties on fea policies, at the times and in the manner to be preforibed by the faid commif-fioners,and who (hall duly pay the faid duties in the time and manner preferibed, one pound ten (hillings for every one hun-

. dred pounds of the amount of the duties fo paid, and fo in pro.' poftion for any greater or lefs fum.

For receiving the duty for and in refbeCt of gold plate or Silver plate made or wrought in Great pritain, paying the fame, and making but the accounts according to the directions of the feveral a£s of parliament in that behalf made, two pounds ten (hillings for every one hundred pounds fo received, paid, and accounted for, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs fum.

To perfons who (hall atone and the fame time purchafe ftaifiped labels for medicines, the duty whereon (hall amount 10^.5 or upwards, five pounds forevefy one hundred pounds, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs fum not under £.5.

To perfons who (hall at one and the fatne time purchafe damped labels for medicines, the duty whereon (hall amount to £.jo'

Of upwards; tdn pounds for every one hundred pounds, and fo in proportion for any greatef or left fum nbt irnder/.50.

To perfons who (hall at one and the fame time purchafe damped labels for medicines, the duty whereon fhall amount to £.100 ot upwards, twelve pounds ten (hillings for every one hundred *	Goa	pounds*

45* Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III.c. 98. [1804.

SCHEDULE (C.)—continued.

ALLOWANCES and DRAWBACK.

pounds, and fo in proportion for any greater or left Juan not under £.100.

To clerks in any court of law or equity, entrufted by an ad, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majcfty, intituled, 4 An ad for granting to his Majefty certain duties on certificates to be taken out by folicitors, attornies, and other perfons pradifing in certain courts of juftice in Great Britain; and certain other duties with refjped to warrants, mandates, and authorities to be entered hr filed of record as therein men-tioned j*lo enter and file of record certain* memorandums or minutes; for their trouble in that behalf two pounds ten (hillings for every one hundred pounds of the amount of the duties on fuch memorandums or minutes fo entered or filed of record a$ aforefaid, and fo in proportion for any greater or leis fum.

’To clerks of the p?ace or their deputies refpedively, for and in confideration of their making out and delivering to the proper officer of the (lamp-duties, according to the directions of an ad made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, cap. 46, a lift of perfons licenfed to fell beer, ale, and otbt? cxcifeable liquors, at and after the rate of one farthing, for the name of every fuch perfon inferted in fuch lift.

*	To	clerks	of	the	peace	or	their	deputies, or the (herifF or ftewart

clerk refpedively, for atid in confideration of their making out, according to the directions of an ad made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, cap. 50, a lift of perfons taking out game certificates, at and after the rate of ooe halfpenny for the name of every fuch perfon inferted in every fuch lift.

To the clerk of the courfe, book-keeper, or other perfon autho-rifed to enter any horfc, mare, or gelding, to dart or run for any plate, prize, fum of money, or other thing, in confideration of his trouble in receiving, accounting for, and duly paying the duty impofed on fuch horfe, mare, or gelding, five pounds for every one hundred pounds of the amount of the duties fo received, accounted for, and paid, and lb in proportion for any greater or lefs fum.

DRAWBACK.

. For or in refped of gold plate and filver plate wrought or roanu-fadured in Great Britain, which (hall be duly exported by tray of merchandize tolrelao^or any foreign parts, the whole duties wvhich (hall have been paid fpr the fame.

. L

CAP.

1804.] Anno r£gni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 99. 453 CAP. XCIX.

An aft for granting additional annuities to the proprietors of flock created by two afts, paffed in the thirty five nth and forty ficond years of bis prefent Majefly.—[July 28, 1804.]

WHEREAS an at7, paffed in the thirty feventh year of the

reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An aft for raifing 37 Geo. 3. the fum of eighteen, millions by way of annuities: and whereas c# l0* an aft paffed in the forty flecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled* An aft for granting annuities to fa.isfy certain Geo. 3. exchequer-bills, whereby certain annuities were created, at and c. 8. after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and were made part of the capital or joint flock of annuities created by the faid firfl recited aft: and whereas it was hy the faid jirfl recited aft enafted, that, after two years from the end of the prefent war and ratification of toe definitive treaty of peace thereupon, at any period of fix month, ending on the fifth day of April or on the tenth day of Oftober in any year, it Jbould and might be lawful for any contributor, his, her, or their executors, adminiflrators,jucceJfors, or affigns, to make application to the governor and company of the bank of England, to have the faid annuities, after toe rate of five pounds per centum thereby granted, redeemed or paid off, or converted into other annuities, as therein after is mentioned, at bis, her, or their eleftion*, and that after fix months previous notice of fuch his, her, or their intention, the faid annuities Jhould be redeemed and paid off, or converted into fuch annuities accordingly: and whereas the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled did, on the eighth day of December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety fix, refolve that the fum of eighteen millions be raifed by annuities*, and did alfo refolve that every contributor to the faid fum of eighteen millions Jhould, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled tO'the principal fum of one hundred and twelve pounds ten Jhillings in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of Oftober one thoufand feven hundred and ninety fix, and be irredeemable, unlefs with the confent of the proprietors thereof, until the expiration of three years from the period at which the cxifling annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum,Jhould be redeemedand paidoff, or the inter eft payable thereon reduced •, that every proprietor of the faid annuities Jbould, at his deftre, on three months notice, be entitlea at any period of time, not left than two years after the end of the prefent war and ratification o f the definitive treaty of peace thereupon, to have the faid annuities redeemed, either by the payment of one hundred pounds for every one hundred pounds of fuch annuities, of one hundred and thirty •three pounds fix Jhillings and eight-pence capital in the three pounds per centum confolidated annuities, at the option of fuch proprietor: and whereas it is therefore expedient that provifion Jhould he made to enable the faid parties to take the benefit of the terms contained' in the faid reflations in relation to fuch annuities; be it therefore enafted by the King’s inoft excellent majefty, by and with the

advice

4-54 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 99. [1804.

advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the Perfons pof- authority of the fame. That all perfons and bodies politick and fefled of ftock corporate poflefled of any capital flock in the annuities, after centannufties ralc ^ve Poun^s per centum per annum, granted by the fold granted by the recited a<5ls of the thirty-feventh and forty-fecond years afore* recited ads, faid, who (hall, by themfelvcs or any agents duly authorifed, on lignifying fignify to the governor and company of the bank of England, on before Ofto^ or ^e^orc the fifth day of Oflobcr one thoufand eight hundred ber 5, 1804., and four, their defire to take the benefit of the terms contained their defire of in this aft, (hall remain entitled to receive the dividend .which taking the will becoirie due on fuch capita) ftock on the tenth day of g-a £cl* Oflober one thoufand eight hundred and four; and (hall further, entitled to the from and after the faid tenth day of Qftober, be entitled to dividend due receive fo much capital ftock in the refpeftive annuities herein-the 10th aftcr mentioned, as (hall be equal in value to one hundred S c<^Sinan<* Poun<k fterling, eftimated at the option of the lords-commif-annuities as noners of the treafury (fuch option to be declared on or before herein meo- the twentieth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and tfoned. four), in either of the two following modes; that’ is to fay, either fuch perfons and bodies politick and corporate (ball be entitled to hold fuch capital ftock as aforefaid as consolidated with and making part of the confolidatcd annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annumy created by an aft made in the twenty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty, and feveral fubfequent afts, receiving thereon one half-year’s dividend on the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and five, and, in addition thereto, fo much ftock in reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as (hall be equal to the difference between the fum of one hundred pounds fterling and the value of one hundred pounds capital ftock in the faid confolidated annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annumy the value of fuch feveral annuities to be afeertained at the time and in the manner hereinafter mentioned; or for every one hundred pounds of fuch capital ftock in the annuities granted by the foid recited afts of the thirty-feventh and forty-fecond years aforefaicf, and in lieu thereof, fuch perfons and bodies politick and corporate (hall be entitled to fo much ftock in reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as (hall be equal to one hundred pounds; and that the value of every one hundred pounds of fuch annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, or in annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum9 granted by an aft of the twenty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty, and by feveral fubfequent afts, thall be computed and taken on the average price of fuch annuities fefpeftively on the laft ten days on which any transfer of ftock (hall be made preceding the tenth day of October aforefaid on which any transfer (hall have been made in either of the foid laft-menrioned capital flocks at the bank of England, after making deduftion of the amount of the dividend due or accruing

1804J Anno regni (juadragcfijnoquarto Gjborqh III, c. 99. 455 cruing thereon; fuch average to be fettled and declared by the governor and deputy-governor of the bank of England.

II.	And be it further enafled, That all the annuities, after The spercent,

the rate of five pounds per centum per annum9 to which any annuities perfons or bodies politick or corporate may become entitled	ftaH

under this a&, in lieu of any former annuities, (hall be deemed, be added tq reputed, and taken to be one capital or joint (lock, and (hall be the joint (lock added to and made part of the joint flock of annuities with, and °f 5 per cents, (hall be redeemable at the fame time and in like manner as the annuities, carrying an interefl after the rate of five pounds per

centum per annum, eftablifhed by an a£t made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, and feveral fub-fequent a£h; and that all perfons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which they (hall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this ad, (hall have or be deemed to have a proportional interefl and (hare in the faid flock of annuities at the rate aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enabled, That all the annuities, after Thespereent die rate of three pounds per centum per annum9 to which any

perfons or bodies politick or corporate may become entitled by granted (ball virtue of this a&, (hall be added to the joint flock of annuities be added to transferable at the bank of England, which, by an a<ft made in the joint flock the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majefty, were °*$ PjJ ***** reduced from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds rcduc ' per centum per annum^ and (hall be deemed part of the faidjoiqt flock of annuities, fubje<5t neverthelcfs to redemption by parliament, in fuch manner and upon fuch notice as in the feveral a£ts by which the faid annuities, after the rate of four pounds per eentum per annum were refpedlively grantee!, are diredled in refpeft of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof ; and that all perfons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the annuities to which they (hall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this a<ft, (hall have and be deemed to have a proportional interefl and (hare in the faid joint flock of annuities at the rate aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enabled. That all fuch annuities (ball Times of be payable half-yearly at the bank of England, at the moft ufual anuSS^ days of payment in the year for fuch rcfpe<5tive annuities ; that

is to fay, the fifth day of January and the fifth day of July in every year for and in refpe<5t of the faid feveral annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum; and the fifth day of April and the tenth day of Oftobcr in every year for anq in refpetft of the faid feveral annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per pnnum\ the firft payment on the faid feveral annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum to be due on the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and five, and on the faid reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five; and that all perfons and corporations entitled to any fuch annuity or annuities aforefaid, and his, her, and their adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns refpec-

45$ Aflaoregniquadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c.99. [1S04.

tiveiy, and all perfons and corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, (hall have good, fure, abfolute, and indefea-. Able edates and iftterefts in the (aid refpedive annuities, according to the true tenor and meaning of this ad, until the redemption or expiration thereof in the manner herein direded. Annuities V. And be it further enaded, That all the faid annuities (hall payable out of be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the confo-daUd°fundT Heated Fund of Great Britain, after paying, or referving fufficieftt to pay, all fuch fums of money as nave been direded by any former act or ads of parliament to be paid out of the fame; and that the faid feveral annuities of five pounds per centum per annum and of three pounds per centum per annum refpedively, Ihadl be fubjed to redemption by parliament in manner mentioned in this ad.

• .	VI.	And,	for the more eajy and fure payment of the annuities

point a carrier tflablijhed by this afi, it is hereby further enaded. That the faid and account- governor and company of the bank of England^ and their fuc-hat.	cefTors,	(hall,	from time to time, appoint and employ one or

more fufficient perfon or perfons within their office in the city of London to be their chief or firft cafhier or cafliiers, and one other perfon or perfons within the fame office to be their accountant-general; and that fo much of the monies from time to time being in the receipt of the exchequer of the faid confo-lidated fund, by this ad made applicable for that purpofe, as lhall be fufficient to anfwer the (aid annuities, (hall, by the order of the commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpedive davs of payment in this ad appointed, be ifliied and paid at the (aid receipt of the exchequer, to the firft or chief caQiier or cathiers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England,, and their fuc-ceffors, for the time being, by way of impreft, and upon account for the payment of the faid annuities; and that fuch ca(hier or cafliiers, to whom the faid monies (hall from lime to time be ifliied, (hall, from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render bis or their accounts thereof according to the due courfe of the exchequer.

Accountant- VII. And it is hereby alfo enaded. That the faid accountant-F^the^e-" gcneral f°r the time being (hall, from time to time, infped and ceipt and ply- examine all receipts and payments of the faid cafhier or cafliiers, ments of the and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, caftiicr. negligence, or delay.

Stocks may be VIII. And be it further enaded,. That the (aid refpedive transferred:	cap]ta|s	or	j0;n^ (locks, or any Oiare or iotereft in either of

them, (hall (except fo far as by this ?d is provided) be affign-able and transferable as this ad direds, and not otberwife; and that there (hall conftantly be kept in the office of the hid accountant-general for the; time beings within the city of London, a book or books, wherein all alignments or transfers of the (aid refpedive capitals or joint (locks, or any part thereof,

1804.] Annoregm quatJragefinsoquarto Georgii III. c. 99.	457

ind the proportional annuities attending the Tame, at the rate iforefaid, (hall be entered and regiftered; which entries (hall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and (hall be figned by the parties making fuch alignments or transfers, or if^ any fuch party or parties be abfent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witnefies and that the perfon or perfons to whom any fuch transfer (hall be made, (hall refpe&ively underwrite his, her* or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of afligning or transferring the faid refpcdive capitals or joint flocks* and the annuities attending the fame, or any part thereof, or any intereft therein, (hall be good and available in law; afid that no (lamp-duties whatfoever (hall be charged on the faid transfers, or any of them: provided always, that all perfons poflefled of any (hare or intereft in any of the faid feveral joint flocks of annuities, or any eftate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by will in writing attefted by two or more credible witneflfes; but that no payment (hall be made upon any fuch devife until fo much of the faid will as relates to fuch eftate, lhare, or intereft be entered in the refbe&ive offices; and that in default of fuch transfer or devife as aforefaid, fuch (hare, eftate, or intereft (hall go to the executors, adminiftrators, fucccflbrs, and aQigns.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nPhutthc?^S perfon or perfons, or body politick or corporate, (hall, before	.

the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and five, transferred transfer, or be entitled or enabled to*transfer, or have or be before April entitled to have any certificate, receipt, or other voucher, nego- 5> 1805, ciable by delivery or otherwife, for any fuch reduced three pounds per centum annuities as aforefaid, to which any perfons, or bodies politick or corporate, may become entitled under this adt, as equivalent to the difference in value between the faid five pounds per centum annuities granted by the faid a6k of the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and other fubfequent a<Sls, and one hundred pounds fterling, if the option (hall be fo declared, or as (hall, in cafe of any five pounds per centum annuities, created by the faid recited ads of the thirty-fevemh and forty-fecond years refpe&ively, being converted into three pounds per centum reduced annuities, be equivalent to fuch proportion of the faid laft-mentioned annuities as (hall be equal to fuch difference as aforefaid, fuch proportion in the latter cafe to be fettled and declared by the governor and deputy governor of the bank of England.

X. And be it further ena&ed, That all perfons who (hall be Annuities t* entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted, and all perfons he deemed lawfully claiming under them, fhall be poflefled thereof as of a perfonal eftate, which (hall not be defcendible to heirs, norcl a c* liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London or otherwife; any law, ftatute, or cuftom to the contrary notwith- * ftandjng.

XI.	Pro.

458	Anno regni qpadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 99. [1804.

The Bank to XI. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further ena&ed, That the continue a faj<j governor and company of the bank of England^ and their for ^th”pu” fucccffors, notwithftanding the redemption of all or any of their pofesofthis own funds, in purfuance of the ads for eftablifhing the fame, a#.	or any of them, (hall continue a corporation for the purpofes 0?

this aft, until all the faid annuities (hall be redeemed as afore, faid; and the faid governor and company, or any member thereof, fhall not incur any difability for or by rcafon of his or their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this ad. Treasury to XII. Provided always, and be it further enafled, That the reward the commifEoners of the treafury, or any three or more of then Bank for their now being, or the high-treafurer, or any three or more of the execution ofC commi®oncrs of the treafury for the time being, fhall have thisadt.	po^r, and they are hereby authorifed, out of the faid confo*

jidated fund, to reward all fuch perfons as fhall be any way; employed in the execution of this a&, for their fervice, pains, and labour; and alfo to defray fuch incident charges as frail neceflarily attend the fame; and alfo to fettle and appoint fuch allowances as they fhall think proper for the fervice, pains, and labour of the cafhier or caftiiprs of the faid governor and company of the bank of England-\ for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities made payable by this alt; and aUofor the fervice, pains, and trouble of the faid accountant-general of the faid governor and company, for performing the duty and truft incumbent on or repofed in him by this act; ail which allowances to be made as afore fa id in refpeft of the fervice, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, fhall be for the ufesnd -benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofcl only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Perfons fued, XIII. And be it further enatted, That if any perfon or |ke. may	perfons fhall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or pro-

P,ca^.JJ?c 8C“ fecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pur* fieralifiue. fuabce of this adl, or of any matter or thing therein contained, fuch perfori or perfons (hall and may plead the general ifiue, and give the fpccial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if a verdidfc (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difeontinue his or their a&ion, or be nonfuited, or judgement (hall be given againft him or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defend:nts fhall have treble cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP*

804.I Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Geo&gii IIL c. igo. 45^

C AP.C.

h aft fvr war thoufwg goods within the limits of certain docks made under an aft, paffed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for making wet docks, batons, cuts, and other works, for the greater accommodation, and fccurity of (hipping, commerce, and revenue within the port of London; and to make regulations relating to the faid docks.—[July 28, 1804.J

[X7HEREAS an aft, pajfid in the thirty-ninth andfortieth year

W of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, intituled. An act for 39 & 4° G. 3.

wking wet docks, batons, cuts, and other works, for thec*47*

reater accommodation and fecurity of (hipping, commerce, and

evenue within the port of London : and whereas.it is expedient the

rid aft Jhould be amended, and that further regulations Jhould be

iade in relation to the docks, quays, warthoufes and wharfs in the

rid aft mentioned, and to goods and merchandize difcharged and

tien in the faid docks; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that

t may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s moft excel-

ent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords

piritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia-

nent a fie m bled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo Duties pay-

nuch of the faid recited aft as direfts and requires that the*™ °{hufftT

hties payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucccflbrs, in refpecjt^ afcertaincd

)f any tobacco or fnufF, (hall be afcertained at the quays or within the

vharfs as therein mentioned, and not elfewhere, (hall be and warchoulc*,

he fame is hereby repealed; and from and after the completion

Df the warehoufe to be provided for tobacco and fnufF under the

lireftions of this aft, fuch laft-mentioned duties may and (hall

)e afcertained under the direftion of the commiflioners of

:uftoms and excife refpeftively for the time Being, either within

he walls of the warehoufes provided for depoftting and lodging

‘uch tobacco or fnufF as aforefaid, or upon fuch of the quays or

wharfs in the faid docks, and not elfewhere, and under fuch

orders, direftions, and reftriftions, as the faid commiflioners

(hall from time to time in that behalf direft or appoint.

II. And be it further enafted. That all the gates and doors Certain ware* of the faid docks, and all the gates and doors of fuch of the faid warehoufes, qua)S, and wharfs, as (hall be provided or appointed to blunder*

For the warehoufing of or for the landing and ascertaining the the joint locks duties on tobacco, wine, rice, brandy, , geneva, or other fpirits; ofthecom-wd alto all the gates and doors of all fuch of the faid ware- Pany loufes, quays, or wharfs as (hall have’any goods or mcrchan- ofaljtoM** Jife depofued therein or thereon, fubjeft or liable to any duties and cxCi(«. of cuftoms or excife refpeftively, (hall be under the joint locks of the faid London dock company, and of the commiirioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms and excife, both or either of them, as the cafe may require, or of their refpeftive officers, and (hall be locked and opened only in the joint prefence of one or more of the officers of the faid company, and of the faid commiflioners

of

460 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. too. [1804.

of cuftoms and excifc refpeftively employed for that purpofc, and (hall never, on any account or pretence whatlocvcr, be opened but in the joint prefence of fuch officers; and the office or officers whole duty it (hall be to attend the locking op ani opening of the faid gates and doors refpeftivehr, (hall and they are hereby required to lock up and open the fame, or caufe« procure the fame to be locked up and opened in their pretext at the hours herein-after mentioned for that purpofe.

Times ap- Ill* And be it further enafted, That, from the twenty-6r4 pointed for day of March to the twenty-firft day of September^ both inciufirc ftmttinlan<* *n cvcry year> 8atcs °*	^	docks, and the gates of feeb

gates,&c.	of the faid quays or wharfs as (hall be provided for the landing

*-	or lading of any fucb goods or merchandize as aforetaid, ac-

cording to the directions of this aft, lhall be opened for bufinds at the hour**f fix in the morning, and continue open until the hour of fix in the afternoon, and (hall be (hut at the hid hoar of fix in the afternoon, and continue fo (hut until the hour of fix in the tnorhing; and from the twenty-fecond day of $q~ tember to the firft day of November^ both inclufive, and from the tenth day of February to the twentieth day of March^ both inclufive, in every year, the faid gates (hall be opened at the hour of (even of the clock in the morning, and fo continue until the hour of five'in the afternoon, and fo continue (hut until the hour of feven in the morning; and from the fecond day of vember to the ninth day of February, both inclufive, in ererr year, the faid gates (hall be opened at the hour of eight of the clock in the morning, and fo continue until the hour of four in the afternoon, and (hall be (hut at the faid hour of four in the afternoon, and fo continue (hut until the hour of eight in the morning; and during the period of fuch gates being (hut it aforefaid, no perfon mall be allowed to come in or go out of the faid* docks, except through one wicket or final! gate (not exceeding the breadth of three feet, and the height of fix feet fix inches), which (hall be provided for that purpofe, and fuch wicket gate (hall be wholly (hut at fuch hours as (hall be attained by a table to be calculated, fettled, and approved according to the provifions of this aft, but fo as that the fame (hall in no cafe be opened before daylight in the morning, or kept open after dark in the evening: provided alfo, that it (hall not be lawful for the faid company to permit any (hips to comeiniow go out of the faid docks at any other time than during the hour* lb appointed as aforefaid for the gates of the faid docks being kept open for the purpofes of bufinefs, nor to permit any (hip or veflel to pafs, or be removed from the bafons of the faii docks into the river before daylight in the morning or after it (hall be dark in the afternoon.

IV. Andy for preventing any difputes as to the prectft ptrltisf opening and /butting of the faid wicket or fmcll gate as afmfaH be Table of it enafted, That the direftors of the faid company (nail, before houra for the opening of the faid docks for the reception of (hips and and going •	g00(*s> caufc t0 bc made out a table of the precife hours and

6	times

804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gsokoii III. c. too. 461

imcs in each month, or in each week of each month, at which out of the iich wicket or fmall gate (hall be opened for the coming in and ;oing out of any perfons into or out of the faid docks, together the company, virh fuch regulations in relation thereto as may feetn expedient, and approved nd (hall fubmit fuch table and regulations to the infpelHon,by thetrea-pproval, fanltion, and correction of the lord Jiigh-treaiurer or furT-he commiflioners of bis Majefty’s treafury for the time being, in >rder to the fecuring the due and exalt obfervance of the provisions of this ad in that refped; and it (hall be lawful for the faid lireltors from time to time, with the approbation of the lords, rommiffioners of the treafury, to annul any fuch table or regu-ation, and to make any new tablesor regulations in lieu thereof, ubjed to fuch approbation and fan&ion as aforetaid; and the [aid directors (hall caufe copies of fuch tables and regulations to be hung up in confpicuous parts of the faid docks for the information of all perfons therein, and reforting thereto; and the faid company and their fuccelTors (hall at all times be refponfible for any neglelt or default of their officers and fervants in the execution of Asch regulations.

V. And be it further enaded, That no holidays whatfoever No holidays (hall be permitted or allowed to be obferved and kept at the faid docks, quays, wharfs, warehoufes, or other works of the faid day^Chriiu company, either by any officer or officers of or belonging to his mas-Day, Majefty’s revenue, or by any officer or fervant of the (aid com- Good-Friday, pany, or other perfon or perfons whatfoever, except Sundays^™? Qrijlmas-Days, and Gcod-Fridays, and any days which (hall be ^wiags. appointed by his Majefty’s proclamation for the purpofe of a 6 general faft or thankfgiving, but that all bufinefs of the faid company and relating to his Majefty’s revenue, and all perfons ufing the faid docks, quays, wharfs, warehoufes, or other works,

(hall be carried on upon all holidays, except as before excepted, in the fame manner as upon any other days in the year.

VL And be it further ensiled. That if any goods or merchan- Company may dize, which (hall be brought into the (aid dock on board of any land goods in (hip or veflel, (hall not be duly entered with the cuftoms and of entry at the excife refpe&iveiy, within feven days next after the Slip or veflel cuftom-houfe, importing the laid goods or merchandize (hall have been reported See, for (even at the cuftocn houfe, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful d*y»-for fuch officer or officers of the company as>ihatt be appointed for that purpofe by the dine&ars thereof, on thknext enfuing day, not being a- Sunday, Chriftma*~Day% or Good-Friday, or a day appointed by his Majefty’s proclamation for the purpofe of a general faft or thankfgiving, to caufe fuch goods or merchandize to be forthwith landed and wanehoufed in the prefence and under the joint locks of the officers of the cuftoms and excife refpeo-tively, who are hereby authorifed and directed to take a true and particular account of the quantity, quality, and fpecics thereof; and in cafe the duties on fitch goods and merchandize (hall not be paid and difeharged within thirty days next after fuch report . as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiffioners of cuftoms, /or the proper officer of excife, and they are hereby re- ;

fpcltively

4&2 Anno regni quadragefimoquarto GEORdti III. c. 160. [1804

fpcftively authorifed and empowered to fell and difpofe of fud goods or merchandize, or any part thereof to anfwer and fatisff the duties thereon, rendering the overplus (if any) of themonir anting by the faid fale, after payment of any rates, charges, oj expences, which may be due to the faid company, to the prod prietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees, of fuck goods of merchandize: provided always, that if a price cannot be obtiind for fuch goods or merchandize equal to the full amount c( the duties of cuftoms and excife thereon refpeftively, and tk# charges of the fale thereof, then and in fuch cafes all fuch goodf and merchandize fhall be effeftoally deftroyed, or otherwifebl (bid and difpofed of in fuch manner and for fucb purpofes, and under fuch rules, regulations, and reftfiftions, as the commifl fioners of his Majefty’s treafury (hall from time to time direct, K*fees to he VII* And be it further enafted, That no fee, perquitite, of company's rcwarc*» °f *ny denomination whatfoever, (hall be taken, tf-l officers, or by cepted, or received by any officer or officers, fervant or (ervants, j the revenue who (hall or may be employed in the /ervice of the faid Lmu I officers. dock company (other than the falary or wages that (hall or mar1 be paid or allowed to fuch officer or officers, fervant or ferants refpeftively, by the faid company) $ nor (hall any fee, perquititeor reward whatfoever be taken, accepted or received, by any officer or officers of his Majefty's cuftoms, who (hall or tnay attend; aft, or be employed in the difeharge of any duty, office, or employment of bis Majefty’s cuftoms, within the faid docks, quays, warehoufes, or other the premifes of or belonging to the Aid company, for any fervice, aft, or duty which (hall or may be done or performed within the fame, touching or concerning any goods or merchandize that (hall or may be imported and unladen therein 5 and that every perfon taking, accepting, or receiving any fee, perquitite, or reward contrary to this aft, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay back the amount of the fee, perquitite, or reward fo taken, accepted, or received, and ia addition thereto, any fum not exceeding one hundred pounds nor left than twenty pounds, to be recovered, levied, or mitigated and applied as any like penalty may be recovered, levied, mitigated or applied by any law or laws relating to cuftoms or excife relpeftivdy; any thing in the faid recited aft, or any other law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That vetme officers nothing herein contained (hall extend to deprive or prohibit ant of their lawful officer or officers of his Majefty’s revenue from taking, accepting, fees on goods 0r receiving any fee, perquitite, or reward, which by law be now exported. or	entitled	to, for or in refpeft of any goods or mer-

chandize which (hall or may be exported from the ford docks, quays, warehoufes in the faid recited aft mentioned, and other premifes, whether tbe fame goods or merchandize (hall or (hill ’ not have been previoufly imported* into and laden therein. Recited aft IX. And be it further enafted, That fo much of tbe faid recited aft as requires thb faid tonnage and dock duties m the Dfi!rmeii°of ^ a& mentioned payable m refpeft of any (hip or veflel to be m	paid

804 ] Anno regni 4uadragcfimo quarto Georgii III. ci 160. 463

aid before the entry of fuch (hips or veflels at the ctiftom-houfe, tonnage and nd aJfo fo much of the faid recited aft as appoints and directs dock duties, ny other time or times than are in this aft fpecified for the pay- ,ca 00 lent of the rates and duties on merchandize mentioned in the 6 ud aft, than the time or times in this aft mentioned in that ehalf, fhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

X.	And be it further enafted. That all the tonnage and dock Times^ap-nd other rates or duties, by the faid recited aft granted and^npJ ayab!e to the faid company, in refpeft of any (hips, or of any of fuch rates, oods, wares, and merchandize rcfpeftively, (hall in every cafe

e payable and paid as follows; that is to fay, the faid ton-age and dock duties (hall be payable and paid within one alendar month next after the (hip or ve(Tel (hall enter the dock, r before leaving the fame (whichever (hall firft happen); and be faid rates and duties on merchandize (hall be payable and aid within one calendar month next after the cargo of the efpeftive fhip or veflel importing the fame (hall have been com-iletely difeharged or unloaded, or in cafe fuch goods, wares, or nerchandize (hall be removed from the quays or warehoufes of he faid company before the expiration of one calendar month, hen the faid rates and duties (hall be payable and paid in refpeft if the fame, previous to fuch removal thereof; and in cafe default hall be made in payment of the faid rates or duties or any of hem for the fpace of two calendar months next after the expira-ion of fuch one calendar month as laft aforefaid, it (hall be law-ul for the faid direftors to fell or caufe to be fold all or any part )f fuch goods, Wares, and merchandize, and out of the monies hence arifing to retain and pay all the rates and duties which hall be payable to the faid company in refpeft of fuch ihip,

;ood$, wares, and merchandize, and all charges and expences of naking fuch fale, returning the overplus (if any) of the monies irifing by the faid fale, and fuch of the faid goods, wares, and nerchandize as (hall remain unfold, to the perfon or perfons who hall be entitled thereto.

XI.	And whereas by the faid recited aft provifton is made for making compenfation to the owners and occupiers of legal guaysj fuffer-net wharf i, warehoufes, docks and other tenements and hereditaments, nd to tackle-houfe porters, ticket porters, owners of lighters and crafts nd free carmen of the city of London, or other perfon or perfons nterejled in or employed upon the hufinefs thereof reffectively: and uhtreas injury, lofs, or damage may accrue to wine coopers and other oopers and vintner porters, by means of certain provifions of the faid

ft and this prefent be it therefore further enafted, That the Compenfatioii •rovifion made in and'by the faid recited aft, for making com- ^COOPW,» •enfation to the feveral deferiptions of perfons before mentioned, n refpeft of the injury, lofs, of damage they may fuffer or fuftain >y the works therein mentioned, (hall, and the fame is hereby declared and enafted to extend to fuch wine coopers and other oopers and vintner porters, who (hall or may prove that they lave fufiered or fuftained any injury, lofs, or damage, in the fair nd legal employment as wine coopers or other coopers or vintner

464 Anno

Warehoufe tent, after the rate of 4s. per fcogfhead, &c. to be paid for tobacco warehoused.

Wharfage of tobacco or fnuff to be paid as here* tofbre.

Officers may

go on board, and remain in tobacco Ihipi within the port of London. and take account of the tobacco, and feize it if forfeited, lee.}

regni quadragefuno quarto Gsoegii III. c. too. [1804.

ner porters, by means of the fame works or the provifions of this prefent ad, or by means of any rules or regulations to be made by the faid diredors of the fsid company,

. XII. And be it further enaded. That for and in refpeftof 211} tobacco which (hall be depofited, lodged^ or fecur^d in any ware* houfe, provided or to be provided within the faid dock, for the purpofc of warehousing of tobacco, there (hall be paid to the proper officer of the cuftoms, a rent or fum of four (hillings fa each and every hogfhead, cafk, cbeft, or cafe of tobacco, which lhali be depofited or lodged in any fuch warehoufe; that is to lay, two (hillings by the importer, proprietor, or confignee, fa each and every fuch hogfhead, caflc, died, or cafe of tobacco, Immediately at and upon depofiting the lame in any fuch ware* houfe, and the further fum of two (hillings by the proprietor or exporter before the fame (hall be taken from or delivered out of any fuch warehoufe, either for home confumption or exportation; and in cafe of negledt or refufal to pay the faid rent or either cf the (aid fums of two (hillings refpe&ively at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in fuch cafe fuch tobacco (hall and may be deftroyed or otherwife difpofed of or fold, in like manner as any other goods or merchandize may be deftroyed or otherwife difpofed of or fold under the directions of the lords-commiffioners of his Majefly’s treafury, or any three of them: provided always, that nothing in this aa (hall extend, or be con-(trued to extend, to charge the faid fum of four (hillings for or in refpedt of any tobacco which (ball have been removed from any other warehoufe under the direction of the commiffioners cf cuftoms and excifej and all fuch fums of money fo paid as afore* (aid (hall be paid into the exchequer, as part ot the consolidated duties of cuftoms.

XIII.	And be it further enabled. That it fhall not be lawful for the faid company to charge or receive any greater fum ot money for the wharfage of any tobacco or fnuff which may be depofited or lodged in or delivered out of the faid warehoufe than is now charged and paid for wharfage of the like goods when landed at or (hipped from any other legal wharf or quay; any thing in this or any other a& of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV.	And whereas it is by the faid aft direfiedy that iurir% $ certain periodall Jhips laden with tobacco, and arriving in the psrtij London for difebarge, Jhall unlade the whole of their cargoes svidv the"faid docks j be it therefore ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful (or any officer or officers of excife to go on board and remain in any (hip or veffel whatfoever within the limits*of the port of Lmss, and to fearch for any tobacco or fnuff that (hall be laden on board, or imported therein, or which (ball be (hipped or put on board any fuch (hip or veflel to be exported, and to take account of all fuch tobacco and fnuff refpedlively, and to feisc all fuch tobacco and fnuff there found as by the laws thereunto relating (hall be forfeited, together with the hogiheads, calks, cherts, cafes, and other packages containing the fame, and alfo fuch (hip or vtiTel,

if

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto GEofton III. c. 100. 465

if the fame (hall be forfeited for or on account of fuch tobacco or fnuff j and if any perfon or perfons (hall affault, moleft, obftruCt, oppofe, or hinder any fuch officer or officers of excife from going on board or remaining in any fuch (hip or veffel, or examining or fearching the fame, or in feizing any fuch tobacco or fnufF, or (hip or veffel as aforefaid, every perfon fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as any like penalty may be recovered and applied by any law or laws relating to the duties of excife: provided always, that nothing therein contained (hall butnot to go extend, or be conftrued to extend, to authorifc or empower any on hoard vef-excife officer to gq or remain on board of any (hip or veffel in the India docks belonging to the fFe/l-India dock company, during the doeks while time that the gates of the faid docks are required to be locked, the gates are by an ad* made in the forty-fecond year of the reign of his required to be prefent Majefty.	locked.

XV • And whereas the obtaining of permits for the removal of[ample* of tobacco taken under the directions of an aft made in the twenty-ninth ye Qr of the reign of bis prefent Majefiy^ intituled, An ad* for repealing the duties on tobacco and fnuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof, is attended with trouble and inconvenience \ be it therefore enaded. That when and fo foon as any fample of ?e£u*auj-on8 . tobacco imported into the port of London (hall be drawnor taken, the fame (hall be well and effectually fecured with packthread, removing and a parchment label affixed thereon, in the prefence of the famples of proper officers of the cuftoms and excife, on which label (hall be tobacco, written, by the perfon or perfons applying for or drawing fuch fample, the plantation mark, together with the manifeft, number, weight, and tare of the hogfhead, cafk, cheft, or cafe, from or out of which the fame (hall be taken, and alfo the landing . mark and number thereof, and the day and year on which the fame was drawn or taken; and each fuch label (hall be figned by the officers of cuftoms and excife, who (hall attend the drawing or talcing and the making up of fuch fample, and that no fample or famples of tobacco fo drawn or taken and made up, and to which any fuch label as aforefaid (hall be affixed, (hall be liable to forfeiture for being removed without permit; any thing in this or any other a£t or adls to the contrary, in anywife notwith-ftanding: provided always, neverthelefs, that the package con* taining any fuch fample or famples of tobacco (hall be marked on the outiide id large legible characters, with the words Samples of Tobacco: and provided alfo,. that no fuch fample or famples of tobacco (hall be removed, unlefs at fuch times as hereinafter mentionedj that is to fay, from the twenyt-ninth day. of September to the twenty*fifth day of March in each year, between the hours of feven in the morning and five in the evening, and from the twenty-fifth day of March to the twenty-ninth day of September in each year, between the hours of five in the morning and feven in the evening, except the fame is or are removing or carrying by a known common ftage coach, waggon, or other ftage carriage which ufualiy travels out of thofe hours, or by Vol. XLV.	H	h	water

466 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 100. [1804

water by a (hip, veflel* or boat ufually navigated in the fair courfe of trade out of thofe hours.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon or perrons (hall take any fuch label as aforefaid from or off the particular (ample of tobacco to which the fame was originally affixed, and (hall affix the fame to any other tobacco whatever, every perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds, together with all fuch tobacco to which any fuch label fo taken off or from the original (ample (ball be affixed, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, to be recovered, levied, or mitigated and applied as an/ like penalty may be recovered, levied, mitigated, and applied by any law or laws relating to cuftocns or excife refpedively; any thing in the faid recited a£t, or any other law, ftatute, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding,

XVII.	Andi be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for remove18 l^e c°m®i(&o&ers *>f cuftoms, and they are hereby autborifed

tobacco from and required, as foon after the paffing of this a & as they (half onew trehoufc deem it expedient, to direfi any tobacco or fnuff lodged in any to another, warehoufe to be removed to the warehoufes provided and appointed for tobacco and (huff in the faid dock : provided always, that the fame (hall be done free of expence to the owners or proprietors of fuch tobacco or fnuff.

Indemnity for XVIII, And be it further enabled, That in cafe any goodsor damage to merchandize that (ball be depofited or placed in any warehoufe goods ware- under the provifions of this adt (ball, during the continuance of houfed» fuch gO0(jg ^ merchandize in any fuch warehoufe, fuftain any damage or injury by reafon of any defedt in fuch warehoufe, or for any want of due care in or for any other default of the laid company, or their fervants or agents, for which the proprietors or owner or configuee of fuch goods or merchandize would by law be entitled to recover ana receive any compenfation for | fuch damage or injury, no fuch compenfation Avail, after the paffing of this adt, be recoverable againft the commiffioocrs of , cuftoms, or any officer of the revenue; but fuch compenfation . (hall be recoverable againft and from the dire&ors of the faid London dock company, in like manner in every refpedl as every compenfation can or may by law be recoverable in like cafes by any proprietor, owner, or confignee of any goods or roerchan* dize for any damage or injury thereto.

P°^er* °f XIX. And be it further enadted, That all fuch or fo much of extended to Powers» authorities, provifions, regulations, directions, pe-this aft. nalties, forfeitures, claufcs, matters, and things whatfoever contained in any adl relating tp any tobacco or fnuff imported into or exported from Great Britain, as applicable to the purpofes of this ad, and not hereby repealed, altered, or otherwife provided for or rendered unneceffary, (hall extend and be conftrucd to extend to all tobacco and fnuff brought into and landed or warc-houfed in or laden from the faid docks, quays, wharfs, or wart-houfes, and (hall operate and be in force in refped thereto as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame

power*,;

Penalty for taking off labels from Canopies, and affixing them to other tobacco.

Commiffioo*

1804.] Anno regftl qoadragdfanoquarto Geohgii 111. c. 100. 467

powers, authorities, provifions, regulations, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufet, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this aft.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any goods or Goodi, other merchandize, other than tobacco and fmuff, £hall at any time be andVnuff CC° landed at or upon the wharf or quay within the (aid dock which, fended on the had been or may from time to rime be appropriated for the land- tobacco

ing of tobacco and (miff, unlefs with Kccnce in that behalf wharf fubjeft granted by the coiBnaifftonefs of his Majefty’s cuftoms or excifet0 *or clturc# refpeftively, all fuch goods and merchandize which (hall be fo landed (hall be forfeited, and (ball and may be feized by tnjr officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife*

XXI.	And be it further enabled, That the feveral rules, re-Provifions of

gulations, reflriftions, powers, provifions, claufes, matters, and	law#

things, whether relating to the taking of bond or fecuritj, or excifc#not otherwife, provided or enafted by any law or laws of cuftoms or to be altered, excife, in force at or immediately before the paffing of this aft,

whether in* relation to the importation or exportation, ware* houfing, or landing of any goods or merchandize chargeable with duties of excife as aforefaid, or for the better ascertaining or fecuring thofc duties, not being exprefcly revoked, altered, otf controuled by this aft, os repugnant to any of the provifions herein contained, fhall remain and continue in as full force atid effeft as if this a ft had not been made; any tiling herein contained to the contrary norwithftandfog*

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That the harbour mafter Harbour mat or harbour matters for the time being of the port of London, anc^^2ters to the dock mafter and dock matters for the time being of the fiiid ohferve the dock company, (hall, in executing the powers by law vetted in directions of them refpeftively, always ohferve, comply with, and ufe their *9 Geo. 3. beft endeavours to enforce the regulations and directions con* c*480 tained in the aft of parliament ot the nineteenth year of the

reign of bis prefent Majefty, for preventing matters of (hips removing their vcttels which fhall have come from or (hall be bound to foreign parts, out of the ftream, except to the lawful quays in (he port of London, before the goods are difeharged or their veflels are cleared by the proper officers, inwards or outwards, fo far as the lame regulations and directions (hall not ob» ftruft, moleft, or interfere with the free ufe and enjoyment of the laid dock and the bafon and other works which (hall belong thereto refpeclively.

XXIII.	And whereas it has been and may become neceffary,, that the directors of the /aid companies, on behalf of the faid company, and the fecretary to the commijftoners of cuftoms^ and the JecretAry of the commifjionen of excife, on behalf of his Majefly refpeftively^ Jhould enter into contrails and agreements in relation to the providing ware* houfes for tobacco, or other articles to be warehoufed in the faid docks; and it is expedient that all Juch contrails Jo madey Jhould be made valid end effieftual and binding on the perfons making the famey and alfo on

the[ucceffors of fuch perfoni refpeftively; be it therefore enaft ed. That Confirmtag all fuch conuafts heretofore made, or that may hereafter be made agreeaenle

H H 2	by	between	di«

468 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. tot. [1804. re&ors and by any of the diredors of the faid company, or by the prefent fe-^cuftoma^ crctary to commiSiohers of cuftoms, or by the prefent fecre-and excifc^in tary to the commiffioners of excife, or any fucceeding fecretary relation to of cuftoms or of excife rcfpedively, with the approbation of the watthoufes. commiffioners of cuftoms and excife, as the cafe may require, and of the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, (hall be and are hereby declared to be valid and efFedual, and binding in law and equity* on the perfons refpedively entering into the fame, and all'o on the fucceftors of the diredors entering into and Snaking the fame* and on the faid company, and alfo on the re-fpedivc fecretartes Of the faid commiffioners refpedively far the time being on behalf of his Majefty, to all intents and purpofes whatever ; and the covenants and agreements contained in any fuch agreement (hall and may be enforced and put in execution by and againft the fucceflors of fuch perfons for the time being, according to the true intent and meaning of fuch agreements, as fully and effectually as if new covenants and agreements had been or were from time to time made for that purpofe by any fuch perfons; any law or laws to the contrary notwithftanding. Publickad, XXIV, And be it further enaded, That this ad (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick ad, and (hall be taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and -other perfons, without being fpecially pleaded.

CAP. CL

An all for permitting, until the firjl day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and feveny the exportation of fait from the port ^Naffau in the IJland £/*New Providence, the port rf Exuma, and the port of Crooked Iftand, in the Bahama IJlands, in Jbips belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in ballajl, — [July 28, 1804,]

WHEREAS it is expedient to give due encouragement ts the making of folt in all parts of the Bahama IJlands, in the fame manner as the making of fait has been encouraged in T urks IJlands, by the proviftons of an aft, pajfed in the twenty-eighth year of 28 G 1 c« 6, ret&n °f Prefent Majejly, intituled\ An ad for regulating the trade between the fubjeds of his Majefty’s colon:*$and plantations in North America and in the Wejl-India Iflands, and the countries belonging to the United States of America, and between his Majefty s faid fubjeds and the foreign iflands in the Weft Indies \ be it therefore enaded by the King’s melt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par* Veflels of the liament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That, United States from and after the firft day of Auguft one thoufand eight hun-

bBUiS^mav ^re(* an<* ^our> an<* unt**	^	Auguft one thoufand

enter the eight hundred and fcvenx it fhall and mav be lawful for any (hip port* of 7 or veffel belonging to the inhabitants of the faid United States of Mflfau,	America,	coming in ballaft, and not otherwife, to enter the port

xurna, and pf^jfQU jn the Illand of New Providence, the port of Exmnaf 1	and

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gkorgii III. c. 102. 469 and the port of Crooked IJland, ports in the before-mentioned Crook 1/lands, for the purpofe or being there laden with fait, and fo* no other purpofe whatever; and fubjeft to the duties, Pr<>vi-bein^adcn ° lions, regulations, and reftritiions in the faid a& contained withTalt. refpedting (hips and veflels coming for the fame purpofe to Turks Iflands.

CAP. CII.

Jin aft for the more effectual bdminiflration of juftice in tbofe parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, by the iffuing of writs of Habeas Corpus (ad tcftificandum, in certain cafes• — [July 20, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedientj for the more effectualadminiflra-tion of juftice in tbofe parts of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, that further provisions Jbould be made for the iffuing ofwrits of Habeas Corpus ad teftiheandutn, in certain cafes: be it therefore enadted and declared by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com* mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the pafling of this a&, it (hall Any judge of be lawful for any judge of his Majefty’s courts of King’s Bench or the King's Common Pleas of England and Ireland refpedtively, or any baron Bench, &c. of his Majefty’s court of exchequer of the degree of the coif in England, or any baron of his Majefty’s court of exchequer in Habeas * Ireland, or any juftice of oyer and terminer or gaol delivery, Corpus being fuch judge or baron as aforefaid, at his diferetion, to for bringing award a writ or writs of Habeas Corpus, for bringing any pri- ^JcMurUto foner or prifoners detained in any gaol or pri Ton before any of ^ examined the faid courts, or any fitting of niftprius, or before any other as witnefles, court of record in the faid parts of the faid united kingdom, to be there examined as a witnefs or witneftes, and to teftify the truth before fuch courts, or any grand, petit, or other jury,' in any caufe or caufes, matter or matters, civil or criminal, whatfoever, which now are or hereafter (hall be depending, or to be inquired into ot determined in any of the faid courts.

II.	And be it further enafted, That every juftice of great Juftices of feflion in IVales* and in the county palatine of Chefler^ (hall fe{fi°ns have the like authority within the limits of his jurifdi&ion. to havetbe^

CAP. CIII.

An aft for making further regulations for the better eolleftion and fecurity of bis Majefty's revenue of cuftoms and excife in Ireland, andfor preventing frauds therein*—[ July 28, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further regulations for the better eolleftion and fecurity of his Majefty s revenue of cuftoms and excife in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein, be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirkua! and

temporal*

470 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii HI. c. 103. [1804.

temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemUed, Mode of and by the authority of the fame,' That, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September om thoufand eight hundred and oiAiifcrs. four, in lieu and inftead of the charges now required by law to be made in the cafes hereinafter mentioned, any of the officers of excife taking or keeping an account of waft, pot ale, and low wines of any diftiiler, (hall, upon any decreafe of wafh made from corn, charge fuch diftiiler with fo much Anglings or low wines, being the firft extraftion of wafh made from corn, as one-third part of the faid wafh fo decreafed (hall amount unto; and alfo with fo much doublings or fpirits of the fecond exfra&ion, as two-fifib parts of the (aid Anglings or low wines fo charged as aforefaid (hall amount unto, and (hall charge fuch diftiiler with duty for fuch quantity of fpirits accordingly; and th t when any (fill (hall be charged with pot ale or warn made from corn, fuch officer (hall in like manner charge the diftiiler with fo much Anglings Or low wines, as one-third part of the quantity which fuch (till (hall be capable of containing (hall amount unto; and alfo with fo much doublings or fpirits of the fecond extraction, as two-fifth parts of the faid Anglings or low wines fo charged as aforefaid (hall amount unto ; and (hall charge fuch diftiiler with the duty for fuch quantity of fpirits accordingly, deducting in the faid lad-mentioned cafe one-twelfth part of the quantity which fuch (till (hall be capable of containing, for liberty for fuch (till to work; and the officers of excife making returns of the quantities of fpirits diililled by any diftiiler, and of the duties thereon, (hall make fuch returns accordingly, and the diftiiler (hall pay the duties fo charged and returned, in like manner as is required by law with refpeS to the charges, returns, and payment of duties under any act or a&6 in force before the paffing of this a<5t.

Proportion of j[, ^n(j ;t further ena&ed. That, from and after the faid Rill?touts’ twenty-ninth day of September, no brazier or other perion altitude. dealing in brafs, copper, tin, or other manufaflurecl metal, (hall make, or have in his poffefiion, nor (hall any diftiiler or diftillers have, keep, or make ufe of any ftill, the diameter of which (hall exceed the altitude thereof, in a greater proportion than three inches of fuch diameter to one inch of fuch altitude, fuch diameter to be taken in the wideft part thereof, and fuch altitqde to be taken in a perpendicular line from the centre of the mouth of the body of the ftill to the centre of the bottom thereof; and if any brazier or other perfon dealing in brafs, copper, tin, or other manuftdlured metal, (hall, from and after Penalty for	twenty-ninth	day	of	September, make, or have in his

exceeding the	pofieffion, and if any diftiiler, after the .faid twenty-ninth day of

proportion.	September, (hall have, keep, or make ufe of any ftill, the dimen-

fions of the refpe<9ive diameters whereof (hall exceed therefper-tivc proportions hereinbefore mentioned, every fuch ftift (ball be forfeited, and (hall and may he feized by s*ny officer or officers of excife; and the perfon or perfons making, keeping, or ufing the fame, or having the feme in his, her, or their

poHcfiion,

1804.] Annoregm quadragefimoquarto Georgii III. c. 103. 471

pofleffion, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds,

III.	And be it further enabled, That, from and after the faid Charge on twenty-ninth day of September, all and every diftiller and^1*

di (tillers of fpirits in Ireland (hall be charged with and (hall pay excife, in refpefl of each and every ftill belonging to fuch diftiller or diftillers, for the refpe&ive number of charges of low wines hereinafter refpedlively mentioned, for twenty-five working days next after the day on which each and every fuch ftill refpedlively (hall from time to time be unlocked or fet to Work purfuant to law; that is to fey, for each and every ftill of three thoufand gallons content or upwards, for twenty-five charges of low wines for twenty^five working days; for each and every ftill under three thoufand gallons content, and not lefs than two thoufand five hundred gallons content, fot twenty-fix charges of low wines for twenty-five working days ; for each and every ftill under two thoufand five hundred gallons content, and not lefs than two thoufand gallons content, for twenty-feven charges of low wines for twenty-five working days; for each and every ftill under two thoufand gallons content, and not lefs than one thoufand five hundred gallons content, for twenty-eight charges of low wines for twenty-five working days; for each and every ftill under one thoufand five hundred gallons content, and not lefs than one thoufand gallons content, for thirty charges of low wines for twenty-five working ^ days; for each and every ftill under one thoufand gallons content, and not lefs than five hundred gallons content, for thirty-four charges of low wines for twenty-five working days ; for each and every ftill under five hundred gallons content, and not lefs than two hundred gallons content, for forty-three charges of low wines for twenty-five working days; and (hall alfo be charged with and pay excife for as much more pot ale, wa(h, , low wines,. Anglings, or fpirits, after the rate required by law, as he or (he (hall diftil within fuch twenty-five working days and every fubfequent day, over and above the refpe&ive quantities aibrefaid.

IV.	And be it further enabled. That no diftiller (hall keep or Diftillers (hall have in his pofleffion any greater number of worms of ftills than keep no more the number of ftills which he or (he have been licenfed to J'J®8 ^ keep, nor (hall ufe in diftilling of fpirits any greater number of

worms than one worm with any one ftill, without the confent of the commiffioners of excife firft obtained in writing under their hands for that purpofe; and if any greater number of worms of ftills (hall be found in the diftiliery of or in any other place belonging to or occupied by any diftiller, than the number of ftills which fuch diftiller (hall be licenfed or allowed as aforefaid to keep; every fuch worm of a ftill fo found, and alfo every ftill with which more than one worm (hall be ufed, or to which there (hall be more than one arm, (hall be forfeited and feized; and the diftiller in whofe pofleffion any fuch worm or worms or ftill (hall be found, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds.

XT A —■

47a Annoregni quadragefimoquartoGEORGii III. c. 103. [1804.

Time for delivery of Spirits.

Diftillm (hall not be factors.

Provifions of a& 40 G. 3, extended to this

Sale of peri (liable goods feized.

V.	And be it further enalted, That no diftiller (hall deliver or carry out any fpirits to any perfon or perfons, without notice firft given to the officer of excife for the piace or diftrict where fuch diftiller (hall live, to the intent that fuch officer may be prefent to fee and gauge fuch fpirits unlefs between fun-rife and fun-fet, upon pain that every difliller doing contrary hereunto (hall forfeit and pay for every offence the fum of twenty pounds, and ail fucji fpirits (ball be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the excife.

VI.	And be it further enaded, ^That no diftiller (hall be licenfed to fell or deal in home-made fpirits or foreign fpirits on commiffion or otherwife; and that no diftiller (ball deal in or fell any fpirits by commiffion or otherwife, except fuch fpirits as (hall have been diftilled in fome diftillery of his own, duly entered ; and if any fuch diftiller (hall fell or deal in any homemade or foreign fpirits by commiffion or otherwife, contrary to this afuch diftiller (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed. That all and every the powers, provifions, rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures matters, and things contained ip an alt of parliament of Ireland, made in the fortieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled,

An at1 for regulating the trade« of a diftiller, and for fecuring the duties payable on home-made fpirits, or in any a 61 or a61s for continuing or amending the fame, or in any other a & or a&s for colledling, regulating, or fecuring his Majefty’s revenue of excife in Ireland, and in force at the time of the paffing of this j a61, except in fo far only as the fame are varied or altered by the provifions of this a61, (hall be applied in the execution of this a6f, as fully and e(Fe61ually, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if the fame were repeated and re-enaded in this a£h

VIII.	And be it furthef ena&ed. That all periftutye goods which (hall be feized by any of the officers of his Majefty’s revenue, or other perfon or perfons, ftiall and may be fold at any time after the feizure thereof, with the confent of tbe owner or proprietor thereof, by order of the chief commiffioners of cuftoms or excife, or any one or more of them, or by order of the collector or other chief officer for the time being of his Majefty’s revenue for the diflrieft in which fuch goods (hall be feized (except the colleger of Dublin city excife, and the collectors of the port of Dublin and county of Dublin), and the produce arifing by and from fuch fale (hail be accounted for and paid to fuch perfon or perfons refpeflively as (hall be by law entitled thereto, within one week after the time limited by law for appealing from any judgement or proceeding, whereby fuch goods (hall be condemned or acquitted, (hall have elapfed, or in cafe of any appeal within one week after the determination of fuch appeal; and the produce arifing by and from fuch fale, after deducing the duty due and payable to his Majefty on fuch goods, being paid to the perfon or perfons entitled thereto, (hall be in full fatisfa6lion of the goods fo feized.

I5f. And.

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 103. 473

IX* And, to obviate the inconveniences which may arife to the publick by the abfence of the collectors of the revenue in Ireland from their refpeCtive diJtriCls, be it enadted, That it (hall and may be CoIIetfors lawful for the Several collectors of his Majefty’s revenue of may (wear t cu (loros and excife in Ireland, to make oath of the truth oft0 th«r their refpedHve accounts, before any magiftrate or juftice of the accoun 8* peace, within the cities or counties where fuch collectors (hall refpeflively refide; any law or cuftom to the contrary not-withftanding.

X* And whereas it has been deemed expedient to change the mode of collecting the revenue arifmg from licences for the file of fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, or ale in Ireland, by impofing aJlamp duty on fuch licences ; be it therefore enabled* That all claufes, directions, Collectors of and provifions, contained in any a& or alts in force in Irelandcx^ife may at the time of the palling of this act, whereby the collectors of receive li-excife in Ireland arc empowered to receive the duty on fuch ccnce licences, or to give any receipt for the fame, or to receive or retain any fee, payment, allowance, or fum or Turns of money on account of fuch licence or of-thc duty payable thereon, or as dircCts or requires any fuch receipt to be indorfed on any certificate required by the faid recited a&s, or any of them, lhali be and the fame are hereby repealed, fo far as the fame relate to licences for the fale of fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, or ale, to be of force in Ireland after the twenty .eighth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and four.

XI.	And be it further enaCted, That the (lamps required for Clerks of fuch licences, under an a£\ palled in this prelent feflion of par- peace fhall liament, intituled. An aClfor granting to hisMajeJly certain Jlamp ffr0Tidcfor duties in Ireland, fhall be from time to time found and provided dccuck. by the clerks of the peace for the feveral counties, counties of

cities, and counties of towns in Ireland, or by the perfons ap*

plying for fuch licences; and fuch clerks of the peace (hall be

entitled to receive, from the perfon or perfons applying for fuch

licences, the amount of fuch ftamp duty, in addition to all fuch	%

other fum or fums of money as they are entitled to receive

under or by virtue of any a£t or a&s in force in Ireland, relating

10 fuch licences, and that the payment of the faid (tamp duties

by the perfon or perfons applying for fuch licences (hall be in

lieu and full fatisfa&ion of all duties payable by law under any

a£t or aCls in force in Ireland, except the duties payable to the

fuperintendant magiftrate of the city of Dublin; and a licence

granted on vellum, parchment, or paper, duly ftamped, with

the fum required by law for the purpofe, (hall be as valid to

all intents and purpofes, and (hall and may be given by the

clerk of the peace, as if the collector had indorfed thereon his

receipt of the duty payable for the fame.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That if any clerk of Penalty on the peace (hall grant or iflue any licence for the fale of clerks of fpirituous liquors, wine, beer, or ale, by retail, which (hall be lflrujng written or printed on undamped parchment or paper, or parchment or paper not duly ftamped, every fuch clerk of *

the

474 Anno regm quadragefimo quarto Gborgii HI. c. to$. [1804.

the peace (ball for every offence forfeit and pay the fa® of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any perfon who wilt fue for rhe fame, by aflion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, m any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin•* and if upon pny fuch a&ion or information a verdiA fhall be given and judgement entered thereon againft the defendant, (belt clerk of the peace (ball forfeit his office, and be for ever difaHed from being again appointed thereto. madlTof h- ** XIII. And be it further ena&ed, That the clerks of the peace cences iflvied.	fever*'	counties,	counties	of	cities,	and	counties of towns

in Ireland* tuall, and they are hereby directed and required, within one month after the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and four, and fo annually within one « month after the twenty-nrintli day of September in each and every fubfequent year, to make out and tranftnit to the comniffioners of excife in Dublin, a lift containing the number of aM fuch licences as (hall have been granted by them refpedively, pre-vioufly to the faid twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, and previous to the twenty-ninth day of September in each and every fubfequent year, which lift (hall contain a true account of the number of all licences fo granted previous to fuch twenty-ninth day of September, and alfo the names of the perfons to whom fuch licences were granted rc-fpeAively, and the place where the fame are granted for, and the names, deferiptions, and places of abode of the foreties for each fuch perfon, and the amount of the ftamp duty paid thereon '	refpeAively;	and if any fuch clerk of the peace (hall refute or

neglect to make out and tranftnit fuch lifts, or (hall make cr tranfmit any falfe or untrue lift, he (hall for every offence for-feit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any perfon who (lull foe for the fame, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin.

Clerks of XIV. And be it further ena&ed, That no clerk of the peace peace not to ffiall be entitled to, nor (hall a(k, demand, or receive any fee, demand ad- payment, qr gratuity whatever, for the providing of die bid 11 n ces. pampS> 0f for ^ making or tranfmitting of fuch lifts, or for the granting of fuch licences, other than fuch fees as he is entitled unto under any a& in force in Ireland before die paffing of this aA; and if any fuch clerk of the peace (hall afk, demand, or receive any other or further fee, payment, or gratuity for the fame, direAly or indireAIy, he (hall for every offence forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by any perfon who will foe for the fame, by aAion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record ia Dublin.

XV.	And whereat* in confequence of the alteration in the mode ef collecting the duty on fucb licences* the c Metiers of excife in the fever el dijlrifis will lofe the fees and fums of money heretofore payable to Compensation them thereon; be it therefore enaAed, That during fuch rime as AWT thc *vcral pwfoos, now holding the office of colic Aors of rhe ■**1.	excife

:8o4-] Annoregni quadragefimo quarto Georgit III. c. 103* 475

xcife in their rdpedtive diftridVs in Ireland, (hall continue to

told and enjoy the fame, it (hall and may be lawful for the

ommiflioners of excife to pay to fuch collegers rcfpedVively, or

>y an order under the hands of fuch cotnmiffioners to allow fuch

:olledors to dedud and retain, out of any money in their bands,

uch fum and Aims of money as (hall appear to. the faid cord-

niffioners, in confequence of the returns herein required to be	*

tiade by the fevcral clerks of the peace in manner aforefaid, to

je equal to the Aim or Aims of money which fuch colledlors

would refpedtively have been legally entitled to haye received,

on the granting of all fuch licences within their refpe<Sive

diftridVs, in cafe the duty on fuch licences had been continued

to be paid to fuch colle&ors in manner diredVed by any a<51 or

ifts relative to fuch licences in force in Ireland before the patting

of this adh

XVI,	And whereas by the faid recited aft of this prfent fejjion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefty certain (lamp duties in Ireland, certain flamp duties are impofed on permits relative to excifeablc goods, and the certificates thereof required

by law\ be it therefore enabled. That all fuch (lamp duties (hall Stamp duties

be paid by the perfons requiring and taking fuch permits and t0 he pud by

certificates refpedVively, at the time of their taking or receiving

fuch permits and certificates; and that all permits and certificates fane. 8

not duly (lamped (hall be adlually void, and (hall not prote&

any goods, wares, or merchandize mentioned therein; and that

it (hall and may be lawful for the commifiioners of his Majcfty’s

revenue in Ireland> and they are hereby authorifed and required

to provide permits and certificates duly (lamped, and to make

fuch rules and regulations for the payment of the (Vamp duty

thereon, by the perfon or perfons requiring and receiving the

fame, as to fuch commiffioners (hall from time to time feem

expedient.

XVII,	And be it further enadVed, That, from and after the Importing firft day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and four, it (hall merchant*, not be lawful for any importing merchant in any port in Ireland, c^tiflcatwfor to give any certificate for any foreign wine, which fuch im-removal of porting merchant (hall fell to perfons refiding within the fame wine.

port or place where fuch merchants have imported fuch wine, nor (hall any fuch certificate have any force or effedV to protedfc fuch wine within fuch port or place, or to prevent the necelfity of a permit for the removal of fuch wine within fuch port or place, any thing in an adV, made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for better regulating the iffuing and granting of permits and certi-fates for the conveyance and proteftion of certain excijeable goods therein mentioned, and to prevent frauds by dealers in or retailers of fuch goodSy or any other adt or adts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithftanding,

XVIII,	And, for the encouragement of officers of the revenue and

others in the performance of their duty, be it enadVed, That in all Officers

cafes when any officer of the revenue, or any feaman employed wounded tobe 1	J	J: n rewarded, See.

476 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgi i III. c. 103. [ 1804.

in the fervice of the cuftoms or excife in Inland, (hall be killed* maimed, or wounded in the execution of his office or duty, it {hall and may be lawful for the commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue in Ireland, or for the commiflioners of cuftoms or excife refpeCtively, as the cafe may require, to make fuch provifton for fuch revenue officers, and for fuch feamen fo maimed and •	wounded, or for the widows and families of fuch as (hall be

• killed, as they (hall be authorifed and empowered to do by warrant from the lord high-treafurer, or from the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury of Ireland for the time being.

Officers ap-

XIJl. And be it further enaCted, That whenever it (ha!!

Salt may be landed on bond.

pointed (hall happen that any officer of the cuftoms or excife in Ireland (bill beconfidered be appointed or direCted by the commiflioners of cuftoms or ayhe proper excife to do, perform, or execute any bufinefs or duty in matter* officers. relating to’ the cuftoms or excife, the officer fo appointed or directed (hall, to all intents and purpofes, be held and confidered to be the proper officer for the purpofes for which he was fo appointed or directed; and that in any matter or fuit relating to the duty performed by the officer fo appointed or directed, all books and papers offuch officer fo appointed or directed, (hall, to all intents and purpofes, be deemed and taken to be, and (hall be read and admitted in evidence as the books and papers of the proper officer.

XX.	And whereas it is expedient to permit the landing of fit ii Ireland for the purpofe of warthoufing the fame, in manner bertin* after mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That any foreign bit, or any fait of the produce or manufacture of Great Britain, which (hall be duly and fairly imported into Ireland, in any quantity not left than fifty bufhels, upon due entry thereof, may forthwith, and before payment of all or any part of the duty payable on the importation thereof, by any aCt or aCts in force in Ireland, be landed at fuch ports or places in Ireland, as the commiflioners of cuftoms in Ireland may from time to time dircCt and allow', in the prefence of the proper officer of the cuftoms at fuch port, from on board the (hip or veflel in which the fame fhaii be imported, any thing in an a& made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for better regulating of his Majefty’s revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein, to the contrary notwith-ftanding ; and that fuch fait fo landed for the purpofe of ware-houflng (hall be weighed and carried and put into his Majeftys warehouse, or into fuch other import warehoufe, ftoreboufe, or cellar, as (hall be for that purpofe provided, and (hall be approved by the faid commiflioners of cuftoms, or by the collector and port furveyor at the port, at the expence of the refpeCbire proprietors or importers of fuch fait, and under fuch rules and regulations as the faid commiflioners of ^uftoms (hall direCl and appoint} and that the proprietor or proprietors, or importer or importers of fuch fait, (hall give good and fufficient bond or fecurity, to be alfo approved of by the ikid commiflioners at cuftoms, or by the collector and. comptroller of the port, in

doubit

804.3	Anno regnl quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 103'. 477

ouble the amount of the duty payable by law on the impor-ation of any fuch fait, conditioned for the payment of all fuch iuty as lhalf be payable on all fuch fait at the time of taking he fame out of warehoufe, before fuel) fait (hall be taken out of varehoufej in cafe the fame (hall be fo taken out within twelve ralendar months, or in cafe fuch fait (hall not be fo taken out >f warehoufe within fuch twelve calendar months, then for the )ayment of fuch duty at the expiration of fuch twelve calendar nonths, which duties (hall be charged according to the quantity t>f fuch fait, as the fame (hall be afeertained by the proper officer at the time when fuch fait (hall be landed and warehoufed as aforefaid.

XXI.	And be it further enacted. That no fuch fait (hall be Notice to be put into or delivered out of any fuch warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or ^ cellar, in any lefs quantity at one time than fifty bufbels; and ancj lodging when and fo often as the importer of importers, or proprietor Galt, or proprietors of fuch fait, (hall be defirous of or have occafion to put any fuch fait into, or to take or deliver the fame out of any fuch warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or cellar, he, (he, or they (hall give twelve hours previous notice thereof in writing to the (lore-keeper or other proper officer, fpecifying in fuch notice the day, and hour of the day, when he, (he, or they intends or intend to lodge or put any fuch fait into, or to take or deliver the fame out of any fuch warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or cellar, and the quantity of fait intended to be put into or delivered out of the fame; and fuch ftorekeeper or other officer is hereby authorifed and required to attend, in purfuance of every fuch notice, for the purpofe of receiving or delivering and taking account of the quantity of fuch fait accordingly,

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That if any perfon fo Salt may be warehoufing fuch fait (hall defire to take the fame out of ware- coa^* houfe for home confumption before xh< expiration of twelve fumptioo.” calendar months after the fame (hall have been fo warehoufed,

it (hall and may be lawful for him fo to do, on paying to the collector of the port the full amount of the duty payable on the importation of fuch fait, according to the quantity of fuch fait, as the fame (hall have been afeertained at the time of its being warehoufed; and, upon the production of the colleftor’s receipt ' for fuch duty to the ftorekeeper, it (hall be lawful for him to difeharge the (aid fait, and to deliver the fame to the owner thereof or to his order, under fuch reftriCtions and regulations as the faid commiffionefs of cultoms may from time to time order, direCt, and appoint.

XXIII.	And whereas it is expedient to allow fuch fait to be taken from and out of fuch warehoufe^ ftorehoufe^ or cellar, at certain ports in Ireland, to be exported to Newfoundland,/^ the purpofe hereinafter mentioned, be it therefore enaCted, That it (hall and may be Salt may be lawful to or for any perfon or perfons, within twelve months token out of after the importation and landing of fuch fait, to take, free of^rtainporta, duty, for the«purpofe of immediately exporting the fame, in any and exported (hip or veffel not of lefr burthen than forty tons, to Nnu* to Newfound-

478 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Grob.ch lit. c. 103; [1804.

foundlandy for curing fi{h to be there caught, any quantity not lets than'fifty buffieh-at a time of fuch fait, from and out of any fuch warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or cellar, at the ports of Waterford, Rofsy Cork% and Limerick, upon the perfon or perfons (o taking out fuch fait firft giving the like bond or fecurity, as by an ad, made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for better regulating the colle&ion of his Majefty’s revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein, is required and dirc&ed to be taken for or in refped of fait, the produce or manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, delivered for exportation, and the giving or entering into fuch bond or fecurity, together with the exportation of fuch fak to Newfoundland as aforefaid, (hall vacate the former bond or fecurity for payment of the duties on the importation of fuch fair, fo far as fuch laft-mentioned bond or fecurity relates to fuch duty, for or in refpeCt of the quantity of fuch fah fo taken out of fuch warehoufe, ftorehoufe, or cellar, and exported to Newfoundland as aforefaid: provided always, that fuch laft-mentioned bond fball be and remain in full force and tfFe& as to all the felt ' fpecified therein, or to which the fame (hall relate, except the particular quantity or quantities thereof fo taken out and exported to Newfoundland as aforefaid*

Salt maybe XXIV* And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be tranihipped lawful for any perfon or perfons importing fait in any veflcl «SSinCport#n arr*v*n6 *n tnc harbours of Waterford, Refs, Cork, or Limerick, for the tike * a^tcr invoice and entry of the fame, and within twenty-one days after the arrival of fuch (alt at fuch port, and with the confcnt of the faid rommiflioners of the cuftotns, and under fuch regulations and reftrictions as the faid commi(Boners of the cuftoms (hall dire£t and appoint, to tranfhip fuch fait or any part thereof, in the prefence of the officer or officers to be appointed for that purpose, without landing or warehoufing the fame, and without payment of any duty on the importation thereof, and to lade the fame in the prefence of any fuch officer or officers on board any (hip or veflcl clearing put from the faid ports for the Newfoundland filhery: provided always, that the perfon or perfons fo tranftiipping fuch fait (hall, before commencing the tranfhipment thereof, give bond for the due exportation thereof to Newfoundland, in like manner as is hereinbefore directed with refpeft to fait which (hall have been ware-houfed and taken out of warehoufe for exportation to Newfoundland.

XXV.	And, for fecuring the duty on wood imported into Ireland,

________ be It further enacted, That every importer or proprietor of

duty on wood wood fo imported and fubjeift to duty by the load of fifty cubic imported* feet, or by the ton, (hall give twenty-four hours notice to the furveyor or land-waiter appointed to attend the difeharge of the (hip or veflel in which fuch wood (hall be imported, of the time and place when and where the admeafurement of the fame is intended to take place, and fuch admeafurement (hall take place between the hours of ten in the morning and three in

the

purpofe*

For fecuring

^c>4«3 Annoxegni quadragcfiraoquartoXjsorgii III. c. 103. 479

he afternoon; and fuch importer or proprietor (hall caufe all ach wood to be fo placed as to enable the officer or officers ot he cuftoras, and his and their affiftanrs, with eafe and don-renience, to take the dimenfions of every piece of wood fo imported, and no fuch wood (hall be carried or conveyed away by fuch importer or proprietor nor fhall be difcharged before it (hall be fo meafured and the dimenfions thereof taken by the officer, and the duty thereon paid, or fecured to be paid, according to law; and if any importer or proprietor of fuch wood (hall negled or refufe to give fuch notice, or to afford fuch atfiftance to the officer or officers as is herein reauired, or (had carry or convey away any fuch wood before the tame (half be fo meafured by {he officer, and the duty paid or fecured as afore-faid, then and in every fuch cafe fuch importer and proprietor (hall forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds.

XXVI.	And whereas it is expedient to allow fo much of the duty on the wines hereinafter mentioned, as exceeds the duty on Portugal wines and Spanifb white wines, to be fecured by bond in manner hereinafter mentioned \ be it therefore enabled. That, from and Spanifli wines after the tenth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and four, ** bond-it (hall and may be lawful for any importer, dealer, or other c ' perfon, chargeable with the additional duty of fixteen pounds nineteen (hillings and eight-pence, impofed on Spanijh red wine or any other wines of the dominions of Spain, and the wines of Naples and Sicily* under and by virtue of an. ad paffedin this feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majejly 44 Geo. j. certain duties on the importation of the goods, wares, and mer- a *7* chandizes, therein mentioned, into Ireland; and alfo certain duties of excife on fpirits, malt, and tobacco, in Ireland ; andfor the increajfe of certain publick revenues in Ireland, by making the fame payable in Britifh currency, to give fecurity by bond to his Majefty with one or more fufficient lurety or fureties, to be approved of by the colledor of the diftrid in which fuch importer, dealer, or other perfon refides (which bond fuch colledor is hereby auiho-rifed to take for his Majefty’s ufe in a fufficient penalty), for the payment of the fum of (even pounds on every tun of (uch wine, as and in part of the faid additional duty of fixteen pounds nineteen (hillings and eighNpfnce, conditioned that fuch importer, dealer, or other perfon, (hall pay the faid fum of feven pounds per tun on the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and five; any thing in the faid recited ad, or in any other ad or ads, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after AH wine (ball the tenth day of July one thoufand eight hundred and four, all jy^tcrcd ** wines imported into Ireland (hall be entered and charged with duty as filled wines, and not otherwife, without any allowance thereon for leakage or otherwife, any thing in an ad palled in this feffion of parliament, intituled. An ait for changing, until the^Oto, 3* * twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five,c* certain rates and duties, and for allowing certain bounties and drawbacks upon goodsf wares, and merchandize imported into and exported

from

480 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii ItT. c. 164. [1804.

Recovery of penalties.

A d may be varifcd.

Continuance of the ad.

from Ireland, andalfo for charging certain inland duties of excife crj taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former rates, duties, and taxes, bounty and drawbacks, or in any other aft or acts to the contrary not-withftanding.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That all fines, penal-ties, and forfeitures, by this a <d inflicted and created, (hall be paid and payable, and received and receivable in Britifi currency, and (hall and may (in all cafes where the recovery and application of the fame is not otherwife direded by this ad) be fued for, recovered, levied, and applied, in like manner and form, and by the like ways and means, and with the like powers and authorities, as are preferibed, directed, and appointed in and by an ad, made in the parliament of Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the Second, intituled. An atl for the fettling the excife x new impofl upon his Majeftys his heirs and fuccejfors* according to the book of rates therein inferted, or by any other law or laws relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife in Ireland* as fully and effedually to all intents and purpofes ns if the fame were herein particularly mentioned, exprefled, and enaded, with like remedy of appeal for the party or parties who (hall think him-felf, herfelf, or themfelves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the raid lad-mentioned a & or any other ad as aforefaid is provided.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded, That this aft may be amended, altered, or repealed, by any ad or ads to be made in this prefent feflion of parliament.

XXX.	And be it further enaded. That this ad (hall continue and be in force until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and five, and no longer.

CAP. CIV.

An aft to permit, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and five, the warehoufmg of [pints in Ireland fir exportation; for charging a duty on the fame when taken out for home confumption\ and to regulate the exportation to Great Britain of fuch fpirits as Jhall not be warehoufed.—[July 28, 1804.J

WHEREAS the allowing fpirits made or diftiSedfront corn in Ireland to bo warehoufed there for exportation, without pej-. ment of the duty of excife chargeable in Ireland thereon* may tend U promote the profitable export thereof; be it therefore enaded by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the. advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority ofthe Diftillers may fame, That, from and after the twenty-fifth day of July one warehouse	thoufand eight hundred and four, it (hall and may be lawful for

fpirits with-	every diftiller or maker of fuch fpirits in Ireland to warehoufe

of duty TtCD ^is fyrits f°r exportation, without payment of fuch duty of certain ports excife, according to the provifions of this ad, and fubjed to ^	fuch

i #04.] Atirio regfilqUadrageiimoquarto Georgii til. c. 104. 48t

uch rules and regulations as the commiflioners of excife in in Ireland, Ireland (hall from time to time dire& or order, in any of his u,Vj*.r ^ Vlajefty’s (lores or warehoufes at the ports of Dublin, Droghtda, h^ein-after Dundalk^ Ninury, Belfajl\ Galway, Limerick, Londonderry, G?r£, mentioned. Ycteghally Waterford, Wexford^ Sligo, and Wefport, or at any,

)ther port in Ireland in which, or in the<diftrid in which fitch sort (hall be fituated, (tills of not lefs than five hundred gallons n content (ball be hereafter licenfed by the faid commiflioners: provided always, that no fpirits of a ftrength lefs than a ftrengih rqual to one to ten over hydrometer proof, by Clarkhydrometer,

[hall be fo warchoufed; and that all fuch fpirits (hall be contained in ca(ks of not lefs than one hundred gallons content, and that there be marked on the head of each ca(k, in letters or figures cut therein, the number of gallons of fpirits in fuch cafks, and the ftrength of the fpirits contained therein.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That when and as often as Diftiller* (hall any diftiller (hall intend to warehoufe fpirits for exportation, he gj** notice tp (hall give notice in writing to the officer or officers of excife

who mall be placed over him, and alfo to the ftorekeeper at Gf the time the port of exportation* of fuch his intention, in which .notice be intends to fhall be fet forth the number ahd content in gallons of each warehoufe ca(k which he fo intends to warehoufe, and the day and hour of the day on which he intends to commence the removal of fuch fpirits to the warehoufe, which day (hall not be more diftant than fix days nor nearer than three days from the time of fuch notice: provided always, that no removal of any fpirits f6r. fuch pttrpofe (hall be allowed without permits, containing all fuch particulars as (hall he directed by the commiflioners at excife j nor (hall any fuch removal commence before the hour of nine in the morning, or continue longer than until the hour of three in the afternoon.

III.	And be it further ena&ed, That the proper officer of Officer (hall excife (hall attend at the (lores of every fuch diftiller at the

time mentioned as aforefaid in fuch notice, and fuch officer d•ring fhall continue there until the whole of the fpirits for which fuch removal, notice has been given (ball be removed out of the ftock of fuch and (hall note diftiller, under permits for the purpofc, containing all fuch decreafiMn his particulars as (hall be dire&ed by the faid commiflioners 0fftock toooiu excife; and that immediately after the removal of fuch fpirits, fuch officer (hall take (lock on fuch diftiller, and (hall fet forth the decreafe occafioned by the removal of all fuch fpirits in the ftock book; and in cafe the whole or any part of the fpirits. Penalty on for the removal of which a permit (hall be granted as aforefaid, diftiller not (hall not be delivered into his Majefty’s (lores within the time preferibed in the permit or permits for conveying the fame ware? (except in cafes of unavoidable neceflity, proved to the fafisfac- houfes. tioo of the faid commiflioners of excife J, the diftiller of fuch fpirits, for the removal of which out of his (lores a permit (hall have been granted as aforefaid, (hall forfeit the fum of ten (hillings for every gallon not fo delivered, and (hall alfo forfeit a gallon of fpirits for every gallon fo deficient in delivery, and Vol: XLV.	11	it

On ware-houfing {pints, ftorc-kceptr (hall

ihc iamc.

482 Anpo regni quadragefimo quarto Geo&gii HL c, 104. [1804.

it (hall be lawful for tbe officer of excife to feixe and take out of the (tores of fuch diftiiler a gallon of fpirits for every gallon which (hall be fo deficient; and it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiiTioners to withdraw and annul any licence before that time granted to fuch diftiiler, if they (hall think tic fo to do.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That immediately on the arrival of fuch fpirits, under proper permits, at his M-jjefty’s (lores, the proper officer (hall gauge and take an account of

give diftiilera every ca(k, and the (Irength of the fpirits contained therein, receipt for and (hall enter an account thereof in a book to be by him kept for the purpofe, and thereupon the ftorekeeper (hall deliver to the diftiiler or perfon requiring the fame, for the ufe of fuch diftiiler, a receipt for fuch fpirits, fpecifying the number of the different cafks, with their gauge, and the quantity and (Irength of the fpiiits contained in them, with the month and day of the year when fuch fpirits were ftored, and any marks which may be put on fuch cafks by fuch diftiiler, for diftinguifhing the fpirits to be his property.

V.	And be it further ena£ted, That fuch receipt (hall be delivered over within a rcalon?b!e time, by every fuch diftiiler, to the officer of the walk where fuch diftiiler (hall refide or carry on his diftiilery, and fuch officer (hall immediately return to fuch diftiiler a copy thereof, figned by himfclf; and upon the delivery of fuch receipt, and not before, it (hall be lawful for fuch officer to deduct from the number of gallons of fpirits vri:h which fuch diftiiler (hall have been charged or chargeable, the number of gallons fo warehoufed, and return the charge

Diftiiler (hall deliver fuch receipt to officer, who lhall then deduct the fpiri.s fo warehoufed from the dif. tiller’s (lock, and charge

the remainder againft the diftiiler to the colleftor, for the remaining number

only with duly.

Spirits warehoufed flir.ll not br taken out but under this aft.

Officers to mark cafks.

of gallons, which (hall be a charge againft fuch diftiiler accordingly; and every fuch officer (hall annex to fuch return the ftorekeeper^ receipt, as his voucher for having made fuch deduction as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That fuch fpirits which (hall be fo warehoufed (hall not be taken or carried out of tbe warehouse on any account whatfoever, otherwife than in manner and purfuant to the provifions and directions hereinafter mentioned and contained.

VII,	And be it further enacted, That fo often as any perfon warehouftng fpirits (hall be defirous of (hipping for exportation any quantity of fuch fpirits, fuch perfon (haU deliver to the ftorekeeper, five i<ays at lead before the time when he intends to fhip fuch fpirits, a note in wilting, requiring fuch ftorekeeper to deliver fuch c.<(ks as fuch perfon may intend to export, fpeci-fy :;g the number of cafks and the quantity of fpirits intended to be (hipped, as fet forth in the receipt given to fuch perfon by the ftirciveeper, at the time when fuch fpirits were admitted imo th : -van:.hi uO, and n»cn:ion.*:g the time when fuch perfon priy^f:. to Hup loch fpirits, and the name oi deftination of thv" ! lip or vriTe!; ‘ ar;d it (hill he lawful for the officer attending J *v ,;vi) ': , l vir* w hich fuch fpirits are to be taken, before

the

1804.] Annoregni quadragefimo quartoGeorgii III. c. 104. 483

the delivery thereof from fuch warehoufe, to mark every cafk of fuch fpirits with fuch mark as the faid commiffioners of excife (hall direct; and if any fpirita fo intended for exportation (hall, alter having been received in his Majefty’s (lores, and before their a&ual exportation, be altered in quality, quantity, or ftrength, except by decreafe occafioned from leakage, waftc, or accidenr, all fuch fpirits, and the ca(ks containing the fame,

(hall be forfeited, and may be feized by any officer of his Majefty's revenue.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That before any fuch Before fyirita fpirits (hall be delivered out of any fuch warehoufe for exporta-(hall be dcli-tion, the perfon or perfons intending to export the fame (ball, ^imr^ation with one or more fufficient furety or fureties, give bond to hi9 ^ond fliall be Majerty in double the value of fuch fpirits, and of the excife given to exduty which .would be due and paya'ble thereon if fuch fpirits Por* them to were taken out for home confumption, that fuch fpirits (hall

(the dangers of the feas cft enemies excepted) be exported to and landed at fuch port as (halt- be fpecified in fuch bond, without alteration in quality or quantity, except what may be occafioned by leakage, wafte, or accident, and (hall not be landed in any other place, nor re-landed in Ireland.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That upon the exporter of On produc-fuch fpirits, or fome perfon in his behalf, producing to the t!^11 of accr‘ ftorekeeper of the warehoufe, and to the officer attending the bond has been fame, a certificate from the proper officer that fuch bond and given, fo fecurity hath been given, the ftorekeeptr of fuch warehoufe and much fpirita officer attending the fame (hall deliver fuch fpirits as lhall be.a8^llbe mentioned in fuch certificate to be exported, and fuch (lore- "herein keeper (ball caufe the faid fpirits to be fent, under the care of a be delivered, proper officer, at the expence of the owner, to the quay where with a per-the (hip or, vefle) (hall be flattened, and (hall at the fame time nut, to the deliver a permit for the quantity fo fent, in which permit (hall "®^nir the be alfo mentioned the date of the fpirits being warehoufed, and (hipping of fuch other particulars as the faid commiffioners of excife may the fpirits for from time to time order and direct \ and all fuch fpitits fliall exportation, remain in the care and cuftody of the (hipping officer on the

quay until (hipped or exported} and all fuch fpirits (hall be (hipped in the fame calks in which they were originally warehoused, with the marks, numbers, and note of the contents thereon, except in cafes of damaged or leaky calks, which may be changed with the leave of the faid commiffioners or of the chief officer at the port, and like marks (hall be cut on the head of each new calk as had b4en cut on the leaky or damaged calks; and all fuch fpirits (hall be (hipped only in fuch veflcls a9, by law, fpirits of Irijb manufacture may now be (hipped for exportation, fubjeft to all regulations, forfeitures, and penalties, in refpeft of re-landing or unihipping the fame, as are contained in any a£t or a&s in force in Ireland refpe&ing fpirits (hipped for exportation to Great Britain or elfewhere, and as are not contrary to the provifions of this adh

11 2

X, And

484 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georoii III. c. 104. [1804, Spirits maybe X. And be it further enaCted, That if any perfim fo ware-hSme con- ^oufing	far exportation (ball defire to take the lame or

fumption.* any quantity thereof) not lelii than fire hundred gallons, out of his Majefty’s warehouse for home confumption, it (hall and piay be lawful for him fo to do, on paying to tile cplle&oroC the port the.full amount of the duty payable on fuch fpirits, for the quantity which each and every fuch cafk contained at the time of its being warehoufed, together with a fuoi9 after the rate of ten pounds for every one hundred pounds by the year on the amount of the faid duties, from the expiration of fixty days after the day of ftoring fuch fpirits, till the time of taking the fame out for home confumption; and upon the production of the collector's receipt for fuch duty to the ftorekeeper, it dull be lawful for him to difeharge the calks mentioned in the collector’s receipt, aod to deliver a permit for the conveyance of the Dune to the owner thereof, or to fuch place as fuch owner (hall direCt or require.

Warehoused XI. And be it further enaCted, That fpirits fo warehoufed liercmovcd may 1* removed, at the defire of the owner thereof, from his to other Majelty’s warehoufe at any one port, to the like warehoufe at warehoules. * any other port as afore mentioned, under fuch regulations u the faid commifiioners of excife (hall order in refpcCt thereof. Warehoules XII. And be it further enaCted, That it (hall be lawful for »ay be vt- the proprietor of any fuch fpirits fo to be lodged in any ware-by propria? *>oufe u	m	the	prefence	of the ftorekeeper or other

ttri, p officer, who are hereby required to Attend at all reafbmbie times for that purpofe, not oftener than once a week, to vie*, examine, and (hew for (ale fuch fpirits, or any part thereof, and to examine the ftate of the calks, and to prevent leakage or damage therein.

If fpirits are J£I1L And be it further enaCted, That if any. fpirits (hall renw*n his Majefty’s warehoules, after having been received months, they therein under the provifions of this aCk, for more than four may be Void7 calendar months, or fuch further time as the faid cotamiffionm for oaymeut of excife (hall appoint, on fpecial application made to them, it •f duty.	Xhall and may be lawful for the faid commiffiooers to dired

shat fuch fpirits (hall be puMickly fold, giving feveo days pubHck notice thereof; and the produce arifing from fuch file (ball be applied in the iirft place to the difebarge of all the dudes thereon, computing filch duties on the number of gallons which each and every caft, contained at the time of its being warehoufed, without any allowance for wafte or leakage, to* gether with the fum after the rate of ten pounds for every one hundred pounds by the year on the amount of the faid duties, from the expiration of fixty days after the ftoring of fuch fpirits until the fale thereof; and the remainder, after deducing all expences of warehqufmg and fate, (hall bc;paid oyer to the owner of fuch fpirits.

Drawback of XIV. And be it further enaCted, That on the exportation 9d* 3?* irifli Qf any foch fpirits, wfiicMhall have been warehoufed in manner ^forelaid, no drawback or allowance whatever (hall be given or

paid,

I	.	.

1804.J Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gboroii III. c. 104. 48$ paidt other than and except a drawback of nine-pence three fpirits In lieu farthings Irijb money upon every gallon of fitch fpirits, as and ■t duty# in lieu of the duty paid on the malt ufed and confomed in the making of fuch fpirits, unlefs all duties of excife due and pay* able on the fame in Ireland (hall be firft fully paid and fatisfied, which drawback is hereby requited to be paid and fatisfied on fuch export, fubjeft to all rules and regulations in force ro-fpe&ing drawbacks.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any fpirits On fpirits made or diftiiled from corn in Ireland^ which (hall not have entcr^*or been warehoufed in one of his Majefty’s warehoufes under the threat Bri-provifions of this ad, fhaJl be entered for exportation to Great tain, which Britain, no drawback (ball be paid, or debenture made out for hare not been paying the fame, unlefs due proof (hall be firft made by due warttooufed, courfe of permits, traefflg fuch identical fpirits from the original be^paid, diftilicry to the port or place of exportation, and by fuch other but on proof evidence as (hall be required, to the fatisfadion of the faid of payment of commiffioners of exciTe, that each and every gallon for^rfullduty, which fuch drawback (hall be claimed, has been diftiiled in a

{till or {kills containing lets than five hundred gallons, and had or fuchal-paid the full duties due and payable thereon by any law in lowance (hall force in Ireland> without any allowance out of /Or on payment be of fuch duties on account of the fize or contents of the ftill or ^cduftedout Hills wherein fuch fpirits may have been diftiiled, or unlefs all of the draw-allowances which may have been made on account of the fize back, or contents of the ftill or ftills (if fuch fpirits (hall have been diftiiled in a ftill or ftills of the content of five hundred gallqns or more), (hall be refunded or repaid to or for the ufe of his Majefty, in fuch manner as fuch commiffioners may from time to time order and dire& in that behalf 5 and if fuch allowance (hall not be refunded and repaid on exportation to Great Britain, fuch allowance (hall be deemed a part payment in advance of the drawback payable by law, and the remaining part only of fuch drawback (hall be paid on fuch export; any a& or z&s in force in Irelandf or any ufuage or enftom to the contrary notwithflandtng.	.>

XVI.	And be it further enabled. That whenever any fuch Form of cn-fpirits which (hall not have been warehoufed under this ad (hall for** be entered for exportation to Great Britain, the perfon entering Cxporutiorv fuch fpirits for exportation (hall ftate or caufe to be dated in

the entry thereof, whether any allowance has been made out of or on payment of the duties payable on fuch fpirits, on ao-count of the fize or contents of the ftill or ftills wherein fuch fpirits may have been diftiiled, or on any other account, or under any other pretext whatfoever, and the amount of fuch allowance; and if fuch perfon (hall negleft fo to do, or (hall make any falfe or untrue ftatement with refpedt to any fuch allowance, all fpirits fo entered for exportation (hall be forfeited and may be feized by any officer or officers of the revenue, and , the perfon entering the fame for exportation (hall alfo forfeit the fum of one hunored pounds,

XVII.	And

486 Anno rcgni quadragefuno quarto Georgii III. c. 105. [1804.

Recovery and application of penalties.

Continuance of a&

XVII.	And be it further enadod, That ail fines, penalties* and forfeitures by this ad inflided and created, other th?n fuch as ar^ by this ad other wife provided for, (hall and may be (tied for, .recovered, levied, and.applied in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, and with fuch powers and authorities as are preferibed, direded, and appointed in and by an ad of the pailiament of Ireland, made in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of bis late Majefty King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for the fettling of the txcife or new impoft upon bit Majefty* his heirs and fucceffirs, according to the hook of rates therein infer ted, or by any other ad or ads in force in Ireland relating to the revenue of cuftoms and excife, or either of them, as fully and effedually, td all intents and pus* pofes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned, cxpre&d, and enaded in this ad, with like remedy of appeal for the parry or parties aggrieved, as in and by the faid recited ad, or any other ad or ads as aforefdd, is provided.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That this ad fhall continue in force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thou&nd eight hundred and five*

CAP. CV.

Certain ads refpe&ing the revenue of Ireland recited.

ftn aft to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September cm thoufand eight hundred and five, feveral aftt for the better collection and fecurity of his Maififb revenue tn Ireland * and fir preventing frauds therein.—(July 28, 1804.]

WHEREAS an aft was made in the parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of the reign cf his prefint	intituled*

An ad for better regulating the collection of his Majefty’s revenue, and for preventing of frauds therein ; and for repealing an ad, made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, * An ad for continuing and amending fe-vcral laws relating to his Majefty’s revenue, and for the more cffcdually preventing the frauds therein, and the feveral ads and ftatutes which are mentioned to be continued by this ad:’ and whereas an aft was made in the parliament of the United King* dom in the forty^third year of the reign of his prefent Majeftjy in* tituled. An ad to amend feveral ads of parliament for the better colledion and fecurity of his Majefty’s revenue of cuftoms and excifc in Ireland, and for preventing frauds therein, and to make further regulations relating thereto: and whereas an aft was made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty -eighth year :f the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled\ An ad to fecure the colledion of the duties on audions, and on glafs bottles made in this kingdom, and on paper printed or ftaii>ed in this kingdom to ferve for hangings or other ufes$ and to prevent frauds therein: and whereas an eft was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty^ to anted and continue the faid laft recited aft of the tnirty-eighth year afire-faid y and whereas an aft was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty* to continue and

xmtud

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quartoGeorgii III. c. 105. 48^

amend the [aid tun laft recited afts of the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years aforefaid: and whereat an ail was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly % intituled. An adt for regulating the payment of bounties on the exportations of certain manufactures of this kingdom: and whereas an ait was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty feuenth year of tht reign of his prefent Majefly^ intituled\ An aft for regulating the import, export, and faie of coffee, and fe-curing the duties payable thereupon: and whereas an ail was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly^ intituled, An aCf for regulating the trade of a di(tiller, and for fecuring the duties payable on home-made fpirits: and whereas an ail was made in the parliament of the United Kingdom in the fortyftrft year of the reign of his prefent Mtijefty* to amend and continue the faid laft mentioned ail of the fortieth year aforefaid: and whereas an ail was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty% intituled\ An a<5fc for the better collection of all duties on hides and (kins tanned and drefled in oil, and on vellum and parchment made in Ireland,, and for preventing frauds in his Maiefty’s revenue therein : and whereas an ait was made in tht parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty^ intituled, An a£t for the better regulation of, and fecuring the duties payable on, licences to perfons engaged in the feveral trades therein mentioned, and to hawkers and pedlars j and the duties on playing cards, and for fecuring the expcnccs of diftraining for the Kinds' rents, and for other purpofes : and whereas an ail was made in the parliament of the United Kingdom, in the forty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefly y for the purpoje (amongfl other things) of fecuring the duties payable on licences to perjins in Ireland, not being maltjlers or makers of malt„ felling malt by commiJfiony or otherwife: and whereas an aft was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-feventh year of tho reign of bis prefent Majefly^ intituled, An a£t for regulating the lfluing of licences for the fale of wine, ale, beer, cider, and fpirkuous liquors by retail 5 and for preventing the immoderate ufeof fpirituous liquors: and whereas an ail was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, f,r continuing and amending the faid lajl recited ail of the tbirtyfeventb year aforefaid: and whereas two ails were made in the parliament of Ireland, one in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majeftyy and the of her in the fortieth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefly for continuing and amending t$e feveral laws for regulating the tjfuing the faid lajl mentioned licences : and whereas an ail was made in the parliament of the United Kingdom, in the forty-Jirfl year of the reign of bis prefent Majefly y to continue and amend the feveral laws in Ireland, to regulate the ijfu'mg of the faid laft mentioned licences: and whereas an aft was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the tbirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An aft for collecting and fecuring his Majefty’s revenue upon malt: and-whereas an aft

was

<5-38 Anno Kgni quadragefimo quarto Gborgiiill. 0,105. fi&>4*

was madi in the parliament of Ireland* in the fortieth year of the reign of bis prefent Ma jeJly * to amend and continue the jaid Inf recited aft) paffed in toe thirty-fiventb yeart of the reign of bis prefent Afajefy: and whereas an aft was made in the parliament of the United Kingdom in the forty-third year of the reign of his prefent Moyejly* intituled, An aCt to amend the aSts now in force for fecunng the collection of the revenue upon malt, and for regulating the trade of a diftiller in Ireland: and whereas an aft was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth year of tho reign of bis pre-font MajeJly, intituled* An aCl for the better regulating the ifiuing and granting of permits and certificates/or the conveyance and protection of certain excifeable goods therein mentioned; and to prevent frauds by dealers in, or retailers of fuch goods: and whereas an aft was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty* intitule4* An iCt to regulate the trade of reifying fpirits, and to prpvgnt frauds on bis Majefty’s revenue by re&ifiers of fpirits: and whereas an o3 was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-ninth tear $f the reign of his prefent MajeJly* to continue and amend the foiikf mentioned aft of the thirty •eighth year aforeja'ul: and whereas on aft was made in the parliament of Ireland, in the tbirtyfevmtb year of the reign of bis prefent MajeJly* intituled* An aft for regulating and extending the tobacco trade, and for fecunng the duties payable on the import and manufacture of tobacco: end whereas an aft was made in the parliament ^/Ireland, in the fortieth year of the reign of bis prefent MajeJly, to amend and continue tit /aid lajl mentioned aft of the thirty feventb year, aforejaii: erf whereas the faid fevered rented afts have, by divers afts mode in the parliament ef the United Kingdom* in the forty-forji*forty focond* and forty-tpird years of the reign ef his prefent Mqifo* been continued* and are in forte until the twenty-ninth day ef September one thoufanel eight hundred and four* and it is expedient that tht faid recited afts Jhould be further continued; be it therefore enafled ny the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of Recited adts, the fame, That the faid feveral aCls, herein-before recited, and ^cept, &c.	a]] and every the powers, authorities, provifions, regulatiops,

tinuedrnl?n* Penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, in the faid Sept. 49,1*05. feveral recited aCts, or any of them contained (except fuch claufes or provifions of any of the faid recited aCls, as hare been amended or repealed by any claufe or claufes in any other or others of the laid recited aCts, or by any other a& or afts, i '	and alfo except fo much gf any of the (aid recited ads as

granted or impofed any duty or duties on licences to fell fp-rituous or other liquors by retail), (hall be refpe&ively further continued, and (ball be in force throughout Ireland; ami the 1 faid aCts, and every of them, are hereby refpefUvely continued until and upon the twenty-ninth day of September one thou- 1 fand eight hundred and five ; and that all the faid recked ads | (fo far as they are not fo amended or repealed, and except as r—	'	afotefaid)

% 8q£«3 Anno tegpt quadcagefimo quarto Georqij III. c. 106. 489

aforefajjd) /halt be oblcrvcd sad complied with) during the conti ou a ace of this ad, in the railing, collecting, levying, paying, and managing the feveral duties oF cuftoms, excife, and taxes .payable in Ireland, by virtue of any ad or ads now in force qna efied, as fully and effectually to all intents and pur-poles as if the laid ads had been refpedively extended to all the laid duties, and to the time herein mentioned $ and as if all the hid duties, and the faid time herein mentioned, had been-mentioned and contained in the laid recited ads or any of them.

II.	And be it further enaded, That an ad, made in the Irtfli aAs of parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of his 36 ®\3* *®d prelent Majelly, intituled. An continuing and amending ^.assr'tat feveral aCts for the further improvement and extenfionff the fijberies nued until

on tbt coaft of this kingdoms and alfo an aft, made in the parlia- Sept. 99,18•j,

ment of Ireland* in the fcfBonof parliament held in the thirteenth

and fourteenth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, inti*

tuled, An ail to explain and amend an aft) in this fiffion of parlia•

menty intituled, * An ad for granting annuities in the manner therein

provided to fitch perfons as Jhall voluntarily fvbftribe towards the raif-

ing a fum not exceeding thefum of two hundred andfixty-fiye thoufand

pounds which faid recited arts have, by feveral fublequent ads,

been continued, and are in force until the twenty-ninth day or

September one thoufand eight hundred and four, (hall be, and

the fame are hereby further continued, and (hall br in force in '

Ireland until and upon the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and live*

III.	And be it further enaded. That this ad, and the faid re. Ad may be

cited ads hereby continued, or any of them, may be amended, altered, or repealed, by any ad or ads to be paued in this pre~	*

lent fcfpon of parliament.

CAP. CVI.

An ad fir appointing, until the firft day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred andfivty commiffioners to inquire into the fees, gra* tidtieSy perquifiteSy and emoluments) which are or have been lately received in the feveral publick offices in Ireland therein mentioned\ to examine into any abufes which may exift in the. fame \ and into the prefent mode of receivings collecting, iffuing, and accounting for publick money in Ireland.—[July 28, 1804.]

WHEREAS it is juft and proper that bis Majefty and bis people Jbouid be fatisfiedy and truly informedy whether all the duties, taxeSy and monieSy granted, raifedy and appropriated for the publick firviegy have been faithfully coUeCtedy iffuedy and expended, for the purpofes fir which thgy were granted; and that if any defects in the prefent method of colledingy ijfuingy expending, and accounting for the -famty exift in Ireland, they may be corrected and amended, and a more expeditious, more effectual, and left expen five method of collecting, ijfuingy expendingy and accounting for the fame, Jbouid be henceforth eftablt/hedy ami it is highly expedienty for the publick fervicey

that

490 Annoregni quadragdimo quarto Georg21 III. c. 106. [1804.

that inquiry Jbould be alfo mide refpeffing the expends in the different offices and departments of his Majeflfs government in Ireland, hereinafter mentioned * and the feesy gratuities, perquifites, and tm* luments received and taken therein; with a view to the making of fuel regulations as Jbatt be judged expedient and proper for the come-tion of abufes which may have arifen9 and for the purpofeof ffiSing fuch favings as may be made in each; that is to fayy the offices <ni departments under the management of the commiffioners of bis Mojff tfs treafury; of she commiffioners of his Majefiy9$ cufioms, txtiity and fiamps \ the pofimafiers general; the board of works; the gat* ral agent of the yeomanry Jervice; the auditor general^ and audits :j tmprcfls or foreign accounts; the commiffioners for after taming a* allowance to be made to bodies corporate and individuals, in refixfl n thofe cities, towns, and boroughs, which have ceafed to fend any number to parliament finee the union9 and to make compensation to tide ferfons whofe offices may thereby be difeontinued or dsminiftxc in value 1 and the directors of all works relating to inland navignthn in Ireland, appointed under an aft paffed in Ireland in the fortieth jeer of bis Majefifs reign9 intituled, An a£l for granting to his Ma-jefty the fum of five hundred thoufand pounds for promoting in* land navigation in Irelandf and for the other purpbfes therein mentioned, and for authorifing the railing of the faid fitm by loan; be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpintual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affim-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That John Stanton Rr-ir fort efquire, James Trail efquire, Wiliam Jackfon efquire, Frederick Geale efquire, and Robert Alexander efquire, or any three or more of them, (hall be and they are hereby configured cummif-fioners for examining into the method of colle\5Hng, ifluing, and accounting for the publick revenue of Ireland9 and for making the inquiries intended by this aft.

II. And be it further enaded. That the lords commiffioners of his Majefiy's treafury for the office of the treafury in IreU*l> the commiffioners of cufioms, excife, and fiamps for the offices of cufioms, excife, and fiamps, the pofimafiers general, tbecom* m»ffioncrs *he hoard of works, the auditor general and auditor fore the com- °f imprefts and foreign accounts, and the general agent to the mifliontrs. yeomanry fir vice, the commiffioners for ascertaining allowances to be made to bodies corporate and individuals, in refyed to thofe cities, towns, and boroughs, which have ceafed .to fend any member to parliament fince the union, and to make compen/a-tion to thofe perfons whofe offices may thereby be difeontinutd or diminilhed in value, and the directors of inland navigation appointed by virtue of the faid recited ad, Dial), with all convenient fpeed, lay the returns of the fees, perquifites, gratuities, and emoluments ufually taken, demanded, or received by any clerk or officer, within any of the before mentioned offices or departments refpe&ively, or copies of fuch returns, together with c< pies of the annual cfiabliihment, and alfo of the incident bills for defraying contingent expences, and of all incident or contingent

Ccmmif-

loners.

The publick offices herein mentioned required to

1804.] Anno regniquadragclimo quarto Georgii IIL c. 106. 45*

gent or extraordinary expences, or expences of any nature or kind incurred, and the authorities under which the fame hare been incurred in the (aid offices and departments refpeClively, as they flood in the year ending the fifth day of ^January one thousand eight hundred and four, and in any preceding year, as they lhali judgeproper, and aifo in the period of the prefent year which fhallhave elapfed up to the time of fuch return, before the faid commiffioners $ and that the faid commiffioncrs, or any CommtflBon-three of them, (hall and they are hereby required to take ihtoers to proceed their confideration all the faid returns, cftablilhments, and inei-under the dental bills, and fhall proceed thereupon according to fuch thebrd-lieu ftru&ions and directions as they (hall from time to time receive tenant. * from the lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors and the privy council of Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted. That it fhall and may beCommiflion-lawful to and for the faid commiffioncrs, or any three of them, era to take and they are hereby empowered, authorifed, and required, to examinanon* examine upon oath (which oath they or any of them are hereby on oa authorifed toadminifter) the commiffioners and all other officers of his Majefty’s treafury, the commiffioners, colle&ors, receivers, and all other the officers and perfons concerned or employed in collecting, receiving, or managing the feveral branches of the publick revenue, and all other perfons in Inland whom they ihall think fit to examine touching the collection, receipt, iffiie, and manner of accounting for the duties, taxes, and monies granted, raifed, and appropriated as aforefaid; the feveral officers and perfons in any of the faid feveral offices and departments, and aifo all other perfons who have had any dealings or tranfaCtions with the faid refpeCtive offices or departments, or the reprefentatives of fuch perfons refpcCtively, whom the faid commifiioners, or any three of them, fhall think fit to examine touching the fees, gratuities, perquifites, and emoluments taken therein refpe&ively, and touching all other matters and things neceflary fur the execution of the powers veiled in the faid com-miffioners by this ad; and all and every fuch perfbn and perfons is and are hereby required and directed to attend the faid commifiioners, or any three of them, at fuch time and times, place and places, as fhall be appointed, and aifo to obferve and execute fuch orders and directions, as the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, fhall make or give for the purpofes aforefaid; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered to examine into any corrupt or fraudulent practices or ocher mifconduCt as far as the fame relate or relates to the feveral purpofes intended by this aCt to be examined or inquired into, committed by any perfon or perfons concerned in the ma-nagementof or employed in -any of the faid feveral offices or dc- Commiflion-partments: and the faid commiffioners, or any three of them, mcct ** fhall and thry are hereby authorifed and required to meet and fit ^ wherein from time to time, for the purpofe of carrying this adt into exe- Ireland, and cution, in fuch place or places within the city of Dublin, or elfe- to fend for *

where p«rfon»,

’ papers, and

Amoregni quodragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. rod. [1804,

where in Ireland, as they (hall find moft convenient, with or without adjournment \ and it (hall and may be lawful to nod for the (aid commiffioners, or any three of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to (end their precept or precepts under their hands and foals, for any perfon or perfons whomfoever, and for fuch books, papers, writings, and records, relating to any of the faid refpedive offices or departments, as . they (hatljudge neceflary for their information, relating to the accounts, matters, and things aforefaid, or for carrying the fcvc* ral purpofes of this a& into execution.

Commiffion. IV. And be it further cna&ed, That the faid coramiffioneri * m to give an (hall from time to time at their diferetion, and as often as they thc^rocecd-	t^er^uflto	rc<|uired»	and as foon as poffiblo after thede-

ingg to tj,c ’ termination of their examination aod proceedings by virtue of ford.lieu*	this a£t, without any further requifition, give an account of

wuihla!0 ^eir P^^^ings w writing under the hands and foals. of them, Jfoicfl and1* any t*ucc !^em^ to ***« l°r<^ lieutenant or other chief go* paiwnent v^rnor or governors of inland, to be laid before his Majefty, and ajfp tp both houfes of parliament, together with an end ftate qf the foes, gratuities, perquifites, and emoluments paid or given in colledling, iffiiing, expending, and accounting for the publick money, and the authority under which they are de-snanded, paid, or received 3 aid. they (ball fpecify what officers and clerks belonging to each office or department, or are employed in the fame, and what is the duty, fervice, and attendance required of them, together with an exa& ftate of the foes, gratuities, perquifites, and emoluments which the faid officers and clerks, or their deputies or under clerks, may or ought lawfully to have and take, for or in refyeA of their feveral offices and places, or in regard of any fervices performed as officers, clerks, deputies, or under clerks 3 adding at the fame time fitch observations as (hall occur to them ; and fuch plans either for correction and improvement or for aboli(hing or regulating any of the faid fees, gratuities, perquifites, and emoluments, or for carrying into execution the general purpofes of this ad, or for faving or arranging the expenditure of money by fuch feveral aqd refpe&ive offices and departments, in the execution of the duties and trufts (overally belonging to the fame refpe&ively, as iqay appear to them proper to be adopted for the time ta come; and (hall in like manner report what defects they may have observed during the courfe of their examination and proceedings by virtue of this aA, in the prefent mode of colleAing, receiving, iffiiing, and accounting for the publick monies, and fuch ordcis, rules, ahd regulations as in their judgement (hall appear fit and expedient to be eftablifhed; in order that the duties, taxes, and monies granted, raifed, and appropriated for the publick fervice, may hereafter be received, iffued,- expended, and accounted for, in the manner the mod expeditious, moft effcAual, moft benefi-Contmifftan. cial and advantagdbus to the publick: and the faid commiffion* ers may ap- ers, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorifcd to ap* JncTother^8 P°*lU an^ cai&°y clerks, meffengers, and officers, as tb«F officers.	*

i 8o4>] Anno regni quadragdfimo quarto Gsoroii III. c. 106. 495

fhall think meet; and ta give to every of the faid clerks and of* ficcrs an oath for his true and faithful demeanor in all things re* htieg to the due performance of the trull repofed in him by the laid commiffioners, and in ail other things touching the pre-miles | which clerks and officers are hereby refpeftively required faithfully to execute and perform the faid trull in them feverally and lefpe&ively repofed, without taking any thing for fuob their fesrvice other than fuch falary or reward as (lie faid commiflion^ crs, or any three or more of them, fhall direft and appoint in that behalf.

V.	And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be Treafury of lawful for the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury*in Ireland may Inland, or the lord high-treafurer of Ireland for I he time being,lff*

and they are hereby authorised and required to iflue and caufe to ^pences at-be iflued, all fuch fums of money not exceeding two thoufand tending this pounds to fuch perfon. or perfons as the commiffioners under act this aft, or any three or more of them, fhall, by writing under their hands, ddire or dirc&, out of any part of the pubiick nies remaining in his Majefty's exchequer of Ireland, which Turns fb Lflbed and paid fhall be employed tor the payment of clerks, meflengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other neceflary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this aft, and in fuch manner and in fuch proportions as (hall be appointed by the faid commiffioners under this aft, or any. three or more of thenu by writing under their hands and feals in that behalf, and that fuch fums fhall be accountedfor by the perfon or perfoos to whom the fame (hall be iflued or pafd according to the courfe of his Majefty’s exchequer of Ireland, without any fees or other charges to be taken or demanded, for the iffuing or payment of the fame on the pafling of the faid accounts, other than fuch fum as the faid commiffioners under this aft, or any three or more of them, fhall appoint.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That the commiffioners herein Commiffion-nominated or to be appointed by.virtue of this aft fhall, before era to take they begin to-carry the fame into execution, take an oath beforethc f°HowiDf the chancellor of the exchequer of Ireland for the time being (which oath he is hereby autborifed and required to adminifter);

and fuch oath fhall be in the words or to the effeft following; that is to fay,

«« T A.B. do fwear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and Oath,.

X- truly, according to the beft of my (kill and judgement, execute the. feveral powers and ttufts veiled in me by an aft made in the forty-fourth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, An a£f [here recite the title of this	], according

to the. true tenor and purport of the faid

v 4i So help me GOD.”

* \

VII.	, And be it furtber enafted. That in cafe of any vacancy Appointment or vacancies, by death or rcftgnation of any one or more of the of. nfw coin* commiffioncis herein named or to be appointed by virtue of this ®l®rjncr».

. ’

494 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georoii III. c. idS. [1804.

aft, during the continuance thereof, then and in every foch cafe it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty to nominate and appoint fuch perfon or perfons as he may think proper to fupply fuch vacancy or vacancies; and every perfon fo nominated and appointed (after having taken the oath of office herein men* tioned) (hall be fubjeft to the fame rules, regulations, and reftric-tions, and ftwll have the like powers and authorities for carrying this aft into execution to all intents and purpofes whatsoever,n if he had been named in this aft.

Gommiffion- VIII. And be it further enafted, That no perfon appointed a con,m*^,oner to fupply any fuch vacancy (hall accept of or hold vacancies, not anX office of profit from or under his Majefty during the to hold any continuance of this aft.

o®cc,	IX.	And	be	it further enafted. That if any perfon or perfons

Sfeevidwcc uPon ^ls> her, or their examination before the faid com* guilty of per- miflioners, or any three of them, wilfully and corruptly givefalfc jury*	evidence,	every	fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof duty

convifted, (hal) be, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby declared to be lubjeft and liable to fuch pains and penalties, as by any law now in force andeffeft perfons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubjeft and liable to.

Continuance X. And be it further enafted. That this aft (ball continue •f aft. and be in force until the firft day of Auguji one thouiaod eight hundred and five.

CAP. CVII.

,An aft for making compenfation to the proprietors of certain lands and hereditaments, fituate at Woolwich and Charlton in the county of Kent, purchased in pursuance of three fevcral afts of parliament, made in the forty-fecond and forty-third years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, tor promoting the iervice of his Majdty’s ondnaicc. —[July *8, 180+.]

Requiring gaolers to

CAP. CVIII.

An ait for the relief of certain infehent dcbtors.~-^[J\i\y 30, 1804 ]

WHEREAS feveral perfons now are, and for a long time have been confined for debt in the fevcral gaols in this kingisn, who are willing and defirous to make the utmojl fatisfaction in tbeir power to their creditors: and whereas notwithstanding the great prejudice and detriment which occaftonal ails of infolvency may produst ft trade and credit, it may be convenient in the prefen t fate of the pri-fons and gaols of this kingdom, that fomeof the prisoners who artmtu confined therein, truly furrendering the whole of their property to their creditors, Jbould he liberated, and enabled to purfue tbeir different profejfons and occupations; be it therefore enafted by else King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with ihe advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thar, from and after the paffing of this aft, all and every keeper or

mike cut liils keepers, gaoler or gaolers, of any gaol or prifon, io any county, of ptifoner* in	°	ikta,

tn cuft ody.	*

i8o4-] Anno regm quadragefimo quartoXjeougu III. c. ioS. 495

riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this king-docn, (hall, is, and are hereby required to malce a true,exad, and perfect lift, alphabetically, of the name or names of ail and every perfbn or perfons, who, upon the firft day of January one thou-fand eight hundred and four, was or were, and have fince'conti-nued to be, and at the time of the palling of this ad, and alfo at the time of making out every fuch lift, (hall be really an adlual prifoner or prifoners in the cuftody of any keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, of any of the aforefaid prifons refpedtively, upon any procefs whatfoever, for or by reafon of any debt, damage, cofts, fum or fums of money, or contempt for non-payment of money, and an account of the time when fuch prifoner or prifoners was or were refpe&ively charged in cuftody or received in prifon, together with the name or names of the perfon or perfons at whofe fuic or profecution fuch prifoner or prifoners is or arc detained, and (hall deliver the fame to the juftices of th<! peace at their firft or fecond general quarter feflion or general feftion of the peace to be held after the palling of this a&, or aC fome adjournment thereof, for fuch county, riding, city, divi-fion, town, place, or liberty refpetftively.

II. And be it further enaded, That the warden of his majef- Keepers of ty’s prifon of the Fleet, and rnarfhal of the King’s bench prifon, prifons to and every other keeper and gaoler of any other prifon in any ^^n*”h^deplace or liberty in this kingdom, (hall feveraliy, on the delivering jn ifo, in of any fuch lift of prifoners in their refpeclive cuftody, take an oath in the open court of fuch general quarter felfion or general feffion of the peace, or adjournment thereof, to the effedt following $ that is to fay,

<c T AI S. upon my corporal oath, in the prefence of Almighty Oath.

X God, do folemnly fwear, profefs, and declare. That all and every perfon and perfons whole name or names is or are inferred and contained in the lift by me now delivered in, and fub-feribed, was or were, to the beft of my knowledge and belief, upon the fir ft day of January one thoufmd eight hundred and four, really and truly prifoners in a&ual cuftody in the prifon of {infert the name of the prifon) at the fuit or fuits of the feveral perfon or perfons therein refpeftively mentioned (sr, for cofts or contempt, as the cafe may be), and, to the beft of my knowledge and belief, have ever fince continued to be, and at the time of the delivery of this lift now are really and truly prifoners in actual cuftody.

“ So help me GOD.”

Which oath the faid juftices, at their firft or fecond genera! Oath to be quarter feffion, or general felfion aforefaid, or at fome adjourn- adminiftered jnent thereof, within their refpedive jurifdidtions, arc hereby re- 10 °Pcftcourt* quired and empowered to adminifter in open court; and the words of the faid oath herein-before dire&ed to he taken by the Ibid warden and marlhal refpe&ively, and other keeper or gaoler of any prifon rcfpedlively, (hall be entered or written at the cqd

Lifts to be kept by the clerk of the peace, and examined gratis*

49$ Anaoregm	Gsoftonltt.	c.	166. [1804,

or bottom of the Jiff which' fhall be delivered in by theth refpec-tively, and (hall be fubfcribed and (worn to by them refpefiivdy in open court; and every fuch lift' which (hall be fo delivered in, fubfcribed, and fworn to in purfuanceof this ^A, (hall be kept by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer affing as clerk of tbe peace of every fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty refpcSively, in which any fuch lift as aforefeid (hall bft fworn to, for the better fatrsfadion of the hid juftices, and information of all or any prifoner or prifoners therein named; and fo as the fame may from time to time be (cert and examined by any creditor or creditors, or prifoner or prifoners, without fee or reward.

Copies of lifts III. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, to be fixed up That all and every keeper or gaoler, keepers or gaolers, of any fore^divery Pr^°n or gaol, is and are hereby required, ten days at leaft to the fdfions. before the firft Or fecond general quarter feffion or general feffion of the peace (hall be held after the palling of this aA, for the county, riding, city, divifion, town, place, or liberty, in which any of the prifons or gaols aforefaid (hall be, or to which tbe fame (hall belong, to fix Up in Tome confpicuoos place or places in every fuch prifon of gaol, and at the mod frequented and ufual gate, door, or entrance into every fuch prifon or gaol as aforefaid, three or more true copies of every lift propofed or intended to be delivered in by any fuch keeper or gaoler,'at the faid general quarter feffions, or at fome adjournment thereof. Prifoners for	1V. And be it further enaAed, That all and every perfen and

what fum to perfons who, on the firft day of January one tboufaod eight be difeharged. hundred and four, were in any prifon or gaol, and have ftnctfo continued to be in prifon or gaol as aforefaid, for the non-payment of any debt or debts, damages, fum or fums of money, which did not in the whole, on the faid firft day of January wt thoufand eight hundred and four* or at any time or rimes face, amount to a greater fum than one thoufana five hundred pounds, and whofe name or names (hall be infefted in any fuch lift to be delivered in as aforefaid, taking the oaths hereby direded to be taken, s^nd who (hall perform on his or her part what is required to be done by him or her by this aA, (hall be for ever reieafcd, ,	difeharged, and exonerated, to fuch extent and in fiich manner

as is herein>»after provided, and not otherwife*

Juftices hiay, V* And be it further enaAed, That it (hall and may be law* on prifoners ful for any juftice or juftices of the peace of any county, riding, fchedulel divifion, city, town, place, or liberty within this kingdom, upon ifTue warrants petition of any fuch prifoner or prifoners to any juftice or to bring them juftices of the peace within his or their refpeftive jurifdidHons, jothe quarter upon every fuch prifoner of prifoners fo petitioning, and at the idffions. time Qf or y0 petitioning leaving with the juftice or juftices of the peace fo petitioned a true copy of the fchedult containing his or her intended difeovery of his or her real and per-fonal eftate, to be fworn to at the firft or fecond general quarter feffion next enfuing after every fuch petition or fome adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand and feal, or under their

hands

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 497

hands and leak, to require the fheriff or fhcriffs, keepers or gaolers of any fuch prifon within the jurifdidion.of any fuch juftice or juftices, to bring before the juftices at the firft or fecond next genera! quarter feffion or general felfion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held, as the cafe (hall happen to be, next after the expiration of ten days from the date of fuch warrant, for fuch refpedive county, riding, divifion, city, town, place, or liberty, the body of any perfon being in the faid prifon as aforefaid, with the warrant or warrants of his or her detainer, together with a copy or copies of the caufe or caufes which he, fhe, or they is or are charged with in any prifon or gaol as aforefaid, at the time aforefaid, for which copy or copies of fuch caufe or caufes fuch pritbner fhall apply to the faid keeper or gaoler of fuch prifon, or to the clerk of the papers, or other per-foDft who (hall make out and tranferibe the fame at leaft ten days before the time of his or her appearance; which warrant of every juftice or juftices every fuch fheriffand (heriffs, keeper or gaoler, is and are hereby commanded to obey.

VI.	And whereas confiderable time may intervene between the pafs-ing of this a& and the next general quarter fejjion or general fejfm of the peace, which would be the means of detaining in prifon*a number of perfonSy whoy with their families, are in the vreatejl dijlrefs ; be

it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for any two For holding a or more of the juftices of the peace for any county, riding, divi- ipecul fcdion. fion, city, town, place, or liberty, upon petition from debtors as aforefaid, to aflemble their refpedive courts as foon as may be after paffing this ad, for the purpofe of adminiftering the oaths and other the matters required by this ad, and to*appoint fuch day or days for the dilcharge of prifoners as they (hall fee proper.

VII.	And be k further enaded. That the copy of every fuch Schedules to fchedule which fhall be left or delivered in as aforefaid (hall clerk of and reiriain with the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other ^ peacc% officer ading as clerk of the peace for the county, riding, divi-

fton, city, town, place, or liberty in which the fame (hall have been fo left, there to remain and be in(pedcd from time to time, as occafion fhall require, by any creditor of any fuch prifonef who (hall defire to infped the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every debtor Debtors in-and debtors confined in any gaol of that part of the United King- tending to dom called England or Wales, who (hall intend to apply to be chin e^o Rive difehargad and exonerated under this ad as aforefaid, fhall firft notice in the caufe publick notice to be inferted in three feveral London ga- Gazette, zettes, previous to fuch general or quarter feflion or general (ef-

fion, or the adjournment (hereof, at which fuch application fhall be made; and if fuch debtor fhall be in cuftody in any fuch gaol out of London^ or the weekly bills of mortality, then alfo in fome newfpaper which (hall be pubiuhed in or near the county, riding, divifion, city*, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol whereof he or fhe (hall be fo in cuftody ; and in like manner all and every debtor and debtors confined in any prifon or gaol of that part of V01,, XLV.	Kk	the

498 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. [1804.

the United Kingdom called Ireland, who fhall intend to apply to be difcharged and exonerated under this aft, (hall firft caufe pub* lick notice to be inferted, in three feveral Dublin gazettes, previous to fuch general or quarter feffion or general feffion, or the adjournment thereof, at which fuch application (ball be made; and if fuch debtor (hall be in cuftody in any gaol out of DttbSn, or the county of Dublin, then alfo in feme newfpaper in or near the county, city, town, or liberty, in the gaol whereof he or fhe fhall be fo in cuftody, containing the name, trade, occupation, and defeription, and the two laft places of abode (if fo many) of every fuch debtor and debtors, and the prifon wherein he, (he, or they is or are confined, atid of his, her, or their intention to take the benefit of this aft, and mentioning fuch notice in fuch gazette or newfpaper refpeftively to be the firft, fecond, or third notice, according to the time of publifhing each of fuch notices; for the inferting each of the faid notices in the London or Dublin, Gazette, or in any other newfpaper, there (hall be paid each rime, by every prifoner, the fum of four-pence, and no more; the firft of which faid notices fhall be fo inferted in the faid gazettes refpeftively, and in the faid other newfpapers, as the cafe may require, twenty-one days at the leaft, and the laft of the faid notices fix days at leaft before any fuch firft or fecond general quarter feffion or general feffion, or adjournment thereof, fhall be held as aforefaid, fo that as well all the creditors who have not charged the faid debtor or debtors in cuftody, as thofe creditors who have charged fuch debtor or debtors in execution, or on mefne procefs or otherwife, may have fufficient notice thereof.

IX.	And, to the intent that all creditors may have full and fufficient time to conftder the matters and things contained in the fchedule or fchedules intended to be delivered in by any debtor or debtors, be it Debtors tode- further enafted. That every fuch debtor, when he or (he lhall liver fchedules (according to the directions of this aft) publifh the firft notice of prcviou*tothe an >nten^on to take the benefit of this aft, he or (he (hall in fuch firft notice, notice declare, that the fchedule containing his or her intended difeovery of his or her real and perfonal eftate (to be fworn to in manner as by this aft is direfted) is lodged in the hands of the keeper or gaoler, or the deputy of fuch keeper or gaoler, of the prifon wherein any fuch debtor (hall be confined; and every fuch debtor is hereby direfted and required to deliver fuch fchedule to fuch keeper or gaoler, or deputy, as the cafe may be, before he (hall publifh fuch firft notice as aforefaid, figned with his or her own'chriftian name and furname, to be attefted by any fuch keeper, gaoler, or deputy; and in cafe any debtor (hall negleft or refufe to deliver one fuch fchedule to fuch keeper, gaoler, or deputy, prior to fuch his firft notice to be given as aforefaid, he or (he, upon due proof made of fuch negleft to the fa tis fa ft ion of the court to which fuch debtor (hall make application, (hall be remanded back'to prifon, there to remain until he or (he (hall have complied with the direftioni aforefaid; and every fuch keeper, gaoler, or deputy, is hereby direfted and required to atteft the fignature of the debtor’s name to fuch fchedule^ and to

receive

8o4*] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 499

cccivc the fame into his cuftody and charge, giving a duplicate hereof to every fuch debtor, with an acknowledgement of his laving received the original; and he is hereby further required o deliver a true copy of any fuch fchedule, figned by himfelf,

:pon rcqueft made to him by any creditor for that purpofe in writing (fuch copy to be delivered to the creditor himfelf, or to ach perfon as he mall appoint to receive the fame), within three lays after demand made; and if any fiiCh keeper, gaoler, or deputy, (hall n eg left or refufe to conform to the directions hereby ;iven him refpeftirtg fuch fchedule, every fuch keeper, gaoler, ir deputy, fo offending, (hall pay the futa of twenty pounds, o any perfon w ho (hall fue for and recover the fame in any of his vlajefty’s courts of record at Wejiminfltr or Dublin refpeftively, s the cafe may be, by aftion of debt.

X,	And be it further enafted, That the notices to be given bv very debtor, in manner direfted by this aft, (hall be to theefferc ollowing; that is to fay,

c "T	[infert	the name, tradey occupation aud deferip- Form of

JL tion and the two laji places of abode, if Jo many] now con- notice, ined in	[infer*	the	name	of	the	prifon and county,]	✓	'

md not being charged in cuftody on the nrft day of "January one houfand eight hundred and four, or at any time fince, with any lebt or debts, fum or fums of money, exceeding in the whole the urn of one thoufand five hundred pounds, do hereby give this 'firft, fecond, or third) publick notice, That I intend to take the >enefit of an aft, paffed in the forty-fourth year of his prefent Vdajefty’s reign, intituled, [here fet forth the title of this aft; and if t be the firjl notice, then add] and I do hereby give notice, that a rue and perfeft fchedule, containing a difeovery of all my real. knd perfonal eftate hereafter to be fworn to, is now ready to be lelivered to any creditor applying for the fame, to the keeper or gaoler, or his deputy, of the (aid prifon.”

\nd every fuch notice (hall be figned by the debtor, and counter* igned by the keeper or gaoler, or deputy of fuch keeper or gaoler, it fuch prifon.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That every fuch debtor as Debtors prov* forefaid, not being charged as aforefaid on the faid firft day ing that no-if January one thoufand eight hundred and four, or at any time h?vc ince, with any debt or debts, fum or fums of money, in the

vhole to a greater amount than the fum of one thoufand five court, deliver lundred pounds, who (hall apply to the general or quarter feflion in certain ir any adjournment thereof, (hall, in cafe it (hall be proved upon fchcdules, and lath, or by producing the faid three gazettes and newfpapers re-takc oa * peftively before mentioned, to the faid juftices at any fuch feflion ir the adjournment thereof, that fuch notices were inferted in the London and Dublin gazettes, and other newfpapers refpeftively, s were required in manner aforefaid, and that the perfon or per-ons fo applying was or were aftually a prifoner or prifoners on he firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four, and KK2	has

500 Aflno regni quadragefimoquarto Geoegii Uhc. 108. [1804.

has or have ever fince continued to be a prifoner or prifoners, in the prifon or prifons, gaol or gaols, in which his, her, or their name or names is or are fpecified in the lift delivered in at fuch ifirft or fecond feffion, or any adjournment thereof, or in fome other prifon or gaol as aforefaid, in purfuance of this a&, and (hall in open court, at the faid general quarter feflion or general feffion or any adjournment thereof, fubfcribeand deliver in a true fchedule or account of all his or her real eftate, in pofleffion, re-verfton, remainder, or expectancy, and of any other nature and kind whatfocver, and alfo the whole of his or her perfonal eftate, which he or (he, or any perfon or perfons in truft for him or her, or for his or her ufe, benefit, or advantage, is or are feifed of, in-terefted in, or entitled to, or was or were in his, her, or their 'pofTeffioft, cuftody, or power, or which be, (he, or they, or fuch perfon or perfons had any power of difpofing of, or charging for his, her, or their benefit or advantage, at any time fince his, her, or their commitment to prifon, with the names of his or her Several debtors, and where they refpeftively live, or may be met with, and the feveral fums of money from them refpedHvely owing, and how the fame refpedtivcly became due and are feemed; and if by mortgage, Specialty, contra#, note, or other writing, then the name or names, and places of abode of the feveral wit. nefies who can prove fuch debts or contracts (if there be any fuch); and {hall alfo make oath and Swear to the following effed, according to the Special circumftances, fo far as the fame (hall be confident with the provifions hereinafter contained; that is to fay.

Oath. “ T A\ B. upon my corpora! oath, in the prefence of Almighty JL God, do folemnly fwear, proteft, and declare. That on the	day	of

I was really and truly a prifoner in the aCtual cuftody of	in	the	prifon or gaol of	at the fuit of

without any fraud or collufion whatsoever ; and that I have ever fince my commitment continued a prifoner within the prifon of	in	the adtual cuftody

, of the keeper or gaoler of the faid prifon of

{or mentioning fome oth^r prifon or prifons, as the cafe may fe) or within the liberties thereof, at the fuit of and without any fraud or collufion whatfoever; and that the fchedule now delivered by me, and fubferibed, doth contain, to the bed of my knowledge, remerribrance, and belief, a full, ju% true, and perfe# account and difeovery of all the goods, effects and eftates, real and perfonal, in poffeffion, reverfion, remainder, or expectancy, and of every other nature and kind whatfoever, which I, or any perfon in truft for me, or for my benefit or advantage, am or is feifed or pofieffed of, interefted in, or entitled to, or was or were in my pofleffion, cuftody, or power, or in the poffeffion, cuftody, or power of any fuch perfon as aforefaid, or which I or fuch perfon had any power of difpofing of or charging for my benefit or advantage, at any time fince my commitment

tn I

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 501.

to prifon j and of' all debts which are to me owing, or to any perfon or perfons in truft for me, and of all the fecurities and contraCU whereby any money now is or will or may hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue to me or to my ufe, or to any perfon or perfons in truft for me, and the names and places of abode of the feveral perfons from whom fuch debts are due and owingj and of the witneffes that can prove fuch debts or contrafts (if any fuch there be) ; and that neither I, nor any other perfon or perfons in truft for me or for my ufe, have any lands, money, ftock, or any eftate, real or per-fonal, in pofleffion, reverfion, remainder, or expectancy, or of any nature or kind whatfoever, other than what are in the foid fche-dule contained, except wearing apparel and bedding for myfelf and family, working tools, and neceflary implements for my occupation and calling, together with a fum of money not exceeding five pounds, and thefe in the whole not exceeding the value of thirty pounds, and that I have not, nor any perfon for me hath, dire&ly or indirectly, fold, leftened, or otherwife con* veyed, difpofed of in truft, or concealed, all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, ftock, debts, fecurities, contracts, or eftate, real or perfona), whereby to fecure the fame, or to receive or expeCt any profit or advantage therefrom, or with an intent to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors, to whom I am or was indebted, in anywife howfoever.

44 So help me GOD/*

And the faid fchedule and oath fhall be by every fuch debtor fub- Schedule and feribed in the prefence of the juftices in open feffion of the peace, oath to be as hereby directed, and (hall be kept by and remain with the	by

clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer aCting as clerk ofth€ or* the peace for the county, riding, city, liberty, divifion, town, or place where the fame fhall be fubferibed and taken, for the better information of all the creditors of fuch debtor who (hall defire or may have occafion to refort thereto; and every fuch creditor fhall be at liberty, at feafonable times in the day-time, to perufe and examine the fame.

XII.	And be it further enaded, That the juftices of the peace, Court, at the yrithin their refpeCtive jurifdi&ions, at any fuch general quarter re<]»eft °f * feffion or general feffion or adjournment thereof, at the requbft	*****

of any creditor or creditors of any fuch debtor, are hereby autho- gaokison rifed to caufe the deputy warden and marfhal of the Fleet and oath.

King’s bench prifon, or any other under officer, tipftaff, and turnkey of any prifon or gaol, and any other perfon within their refpe&ive jurifdi&ions, to come before them, and to examine them refpedively on oath, touching any of the matters contained in any of the oaths preferibed by this ad to be taken, and the truth thereof; and if the oath which fhall ijave been taken in ppen court by any debtor or debtors fhall not be difproved by good teftimony of any credible perfon or perfons on oath, and fuch juftices, or the major part of them prefent at any fuch general quarter feffion of general feffion, or any adjournment thereof,

lhail

$oz Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. [1804.

(hall be fatisfied with the truth of the oath taken by fuch refpeo ' tive debtor, then fuch juftices (hall in fuch fefiion, or Tome adjournment thereof, adjudge fuch debtor or debtors to be entitled to the benefit of this a£t, and (hall order the faid {heriff or (he* riffs, keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers of fuch prifen or pri-fons, forthwith to fet at liberty fuch prifoner or prifoners, without having or taking any fee or reward other than one (hilling for the trouble of his attendance with every fuch prifoner at the faid fefiion for his faid difcharge; and every fuch order of fuch jtrf-tices, whether duly made or not, (hall be a fufficient difcharge to the (heriff or (heriffs, keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers of fuch prifon or prifons, ailing in obedience thereto, and (hall indem-. nify him or them agajnft any efcape or efcapes, allion or allions whatfoevcr for efcape, which (hall or may be brought, commenced, or profecuted againft him or them.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all the eftate, right, title, intereft, and truft of fuch debtor, of, in, and unto all the real eftate, as well freehold and copyhold as cuftomary, and to all the perfonal eftate, debts, and effects of every fuch debtor, (hall, immediately after fuch adjudication, be, and the fame is hereby veiled in the clerk of the peace, town ^><toCffi¥h°the c^cr^>or ot^r officer ailing as clerk of the peace of and for the is a gn e county^ riding, city, town corporate, divifion, liberty, or place, where any debtor (hall be refpe&ively difcharged ; and every fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, is hereby dire&ed and required to make an alignment and conveyance of every fuch debtor’s eftate and effeQsvefted in fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer ailing at clerk of the peace as aforefaid, to fuch creditor or creditors of the faid debtor, as the juftices at any general or quarter feffioo of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof which (ball be held by them within their refpedive jurifdiHions, (hall order and direli; which affignment and conveyance (hall be good and efteduai in the law to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper (lamped, to veft the eftates thereby affigned and conveyed in tne party or parties to whom the fame (hall be fo affigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, according to the eftate and intereft the debtor had therein 5 and every fuch affignmeru and conveyance (hall be in truft for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every fuch debtor to whom the fame (hall be made, and the reft of the creditors of every fuch debtor, in refped of or in proportion to their refpellive debts; and every perfon or perfons to whom any fuch affignment and conveyance as afore* (aid (hall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to fue from time to time, as there may be occafion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and obtaining any efiate or efFedls of any fuch debtor, and alfo to execute any truft or power veiled in or created for the ufe or benefit of any fuch debtor, but in truft for the benefit of him or themfcives, and the reft of the creditors of every fuch debtor, and to give

fuch

Eftate and elicits of debtor difcharged veiled in the clerk of the

fanr.e to luch creditors as the court ihall dirclt, in truft.

j8o4’] Anno regni quadragefimoquarto Georoii III. c. 108. 503

fuch difcharge and difeharges to any perfon or perfons who (hall refpcdlively be indebted to fuch debtor as may be requifite 5 and Affignees to every fuch affignee or affignees (hall, with all convenient fpeed, §ebtor^8 cf-after his, her, or their accepting fuch afiignment or conveyance, fc^g. ufe his and their bell endeavours to receive and get in the eftate and effedts of every fuch debtor, and (hall with all convenient fpeed make fale of all the eftates of fuch debtor vetted in fuch affignee or affignees; and if fuch debtor (hall be interefted in or entitled to any real eftate, either in pofleffion, reverfion, or expectancy, the fame, within the fpace of two months after fuch aifignment and conveyance, (hall be fold by ptiblick audion, in fuch manner and at fuch place as the major part of the creditors of any fuch debtor, who (hall aflemble together on any notice in writiog publifhed in the London Gazette, or in Tome daily paper, if the debtor before his going to prifon refided in London or in the weekly bills of mortality, or if in Dublin or the county of Dublin, in the Dublin Gazette, or in fome daily paper printed and publifhed at Dublin, and if elfewhere, then in fome newfpaper which {ball be publifhed in or near the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, in which fuch debtor dwelled before he or (he was committed to prifon, thirty days before any fuch fale (hall be made, (hall under his hand or their hands agree on 3 and every fuch affignee or affignees, at the end of three months ’ at fartheft from the time of his or their accepting any fuch af<* fignment or conveyance as aforefaid, (hall make a fair and juft dividend of all fuch debtor's eftate and effeds which (ball have a?*?to wake been then recovered amongft his or her creditors, in proportion dividends, and in regard to each creditor's refpedive debt; but before any fuch dividend (hall be made, fuch affignee or affignees (hall make up an account of fuch debtor’s eftate, and make oath in writing before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, or divifion, town, liberty, or place in which any fuch debtor (hall have been difeharged, that every fuch account con-* tains a fair and juft account of the eftate nnd effects of every fuch debtor got in by or for fuch affignee or affignees, and of all payments made in refped thereof, and that all payments in every fuch account charged were truly and bona fide made and paid; and notice of the making of every fuch dividend (hall be pub-lifhed in like manner as a meeting of the creditors is herein- \Q before directed to be publifhed, thirty days at leaft before the given, fame (hall be made; and no creditor (hall be allowed to receive any (hare of fuch dividend until he (hall have made out the juft-nefs and indentity of his debt by oath, or due proof in writing, before fome fuch juftice or juftices; and if any creditor of fuch debtor (hall be difiatisfied with the reality or fairnefs of any debt claimed by anv other creditor, then the ftme, at the requeft of any fuch creditor or creditors fo diflatisfied, (hall be examine4 into by the juftices of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or place in which fuch dehtor (hall have been adjudged to have been entitled to the benefit of this ad, at their next general or quarter feffion or fome adjournment thereof, and what they (hall

there

504 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108, [1804.

there determine in the premifes (hall be conclufive to all parties; Surplus effects and if, after payment of all the creditors of fuch debtor, there thedc1>tw*n t0 an^	c^ate	an(*	remain alter payment of all

c ° * reafonable charges, the fame (hall be paid to fuch debtor, his executors or adminiftrators.

Creditors for XIV. Provided always, and be it further ena&cd, That all abkU?u*anPA^" an<* evcry creditor and creditors of any debtor who (hail be futurVtime, difeharged by virtue of this aft, for any fum or fums of money to receive di- payable by way of annuity or otherwife,' at any future time or vi.Wnds as times, by virtue of any bond, covenants, or other fecurides of irilffioiTofany nafure whatfoever, may be and (hall be entitled to be bankruptcy, admitted a creditor or creditors, and may and (hall be entitled to receive a dividend or dividends of the eftate of fuch debtor, in fuch manner and upon fuch terms and conditions as fuch creditor or creditors would have been entitled unto by the laws now in force if fuch debtor had become bankrupt, and without prejudice in future to their refpeftive fecuriti; otherwife than as the fame would have been afFefted by a pro made in refpeci :hereof by the creditor under a commifliou of bankrupt*, and a certificate obtained by the bankrupt under fuch commitfion.

XV.	And, for obviating any doubts whch may otherwife art ft bm Jar the fever atpowers and authorities by this all vefled in or given to clerks of the peace, may be lawfully done, exereifed, or performed by the deputy or deputies of the clerk of the peace for the county palatine

Lancafter (the faid office of clerk of the peace for the faid county of Lancafter being held by Utters patent from his Maje/ly, with the power of executing the fame by deputy or deputies); be it further Powers of the enacted and declared, That all conveyances and alignments of C<^Ice foMhe c^ale anc* effe&s °f any debtor or debtors, and all other afts, countydeeds, matters, and things, which fhall be done, exereifed, or Lancafter to performed in the execution of this aft, by any deputy or deputies extend to his of the clerk of the peace for the faid county palatine of Lancajler, deputies. or by the perfon or perfons who for tho time being (hall exercife and perform the trufts and duties of the hid office within and for the faid county palatine, (hall be of Hie fame force, validity, and effeft in the law, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been done, executed, and performed by the clerk of the peace for the faid county palatine of Lancajler for the time being.

XVI.	And, to the intent that no lofs may arife to any creditor or creditors from any ncgleft or omiffion in the fchedult not containing the whole of the ejlate, real or perfonal, belonging to any debtor who Jhall apply for his or her difcharge under the authority of this aB; be it

Efhtesof enafted. That all the eftate, whether real or perfonal, which debtors not (ball belong to any debtor or debtors, and of which he, (he, or fchVdule tVbe l^cy» 8**11 ^e anally goflefled or entitled unto at the time of vetted in the making fuch fchedule, (hall be deemed and taken to be part of clei kof the the eftate contained in fuch fchedule, though not inferted therein, p:ace. and (ball in like manner become vefted in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as fuch, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been contained in fuch fchedule, and

had

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii TIL c. 108. 505.

had been delivered into the court according to the djre&ions of this a<ft.

XVII.	Provided always, and be.it enadled, That no perfon Holders of holding any fecurity whatfoever, for which fuch debtor never received any valuable confideration, (hall be entitled to receive ^deration not anv benefit from the eftate of fuch debtor, unlefs the perfon entitled to any holding fuch fecurity (hall make it appear to the fatisfadion of benefit.

die juftices at feme general or quarter feffion or adjournment thereof, that he or (he became poflefled of the fame bond fide and for good or valuable confideration.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That in cafe of Eftates to veft

the death or removal of any .clerk of the peace, town clerk, orin clerk of other officer adling as clerk of the peace as aforefaid, in whom [het^ebcin& the eftate, right, title, intereft, or truft of any debtor or debtors	**

(hall have veiled by the authority of this adt, every fuch eftate,

right, title, intereft, and truftr4hall become vefted in the fucceffor or fucceffors to every fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer afting as clerk of the peace as aforefaid refpe&ively, as the cafe may be, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever under the provifionS of this alt.

XIX.	Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That no fuit in equity No fuit in (hall be commenced by any affignee or aflignees of any luch equity with-debtor’s eftate and effedts without the confent of the major Part ^majority in value of the creditors of fuch debtor, who (hall meet together jn vnlui otthe purfuant to a notice to be given at lead ten days before fuch creditors, meeting in the London Gazette, or Dublin Gazette, as the cafe

may be, or other newfpaper which (hall be publifhed in the neighbourhood of the laft refidence of fuch debtor or debtors for that purpofe.

XX.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, schedules to That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adling as be produced clerk of the peace for every refpeflive county, city, and county by clerks of town, and county, riding, divifion, cinque port, liberty, andtheP*acc place, with whom any fchedule of the eftates of any insolventcre or8# debtor or debtors (hall be left, and his fucceflors, clerk of the

peace, town clerk, or other officer a£ting as clerk of the peace as aforefaid, fhall, on the reafonable requeft of any creditor or creditors of fuch infolvent debtor or debtors, or his or their attorney, produce and (hew to fuch creditor or creditors, or his ot their attorney, in the day-time, the fchedule of the eftate of any fuch infolvent debtor or debtors which (hall be left with any fuch clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adling as clerk of the peace, or his predeceflor in that office, the perfon fo requiring to fee and perufe any fuch fchedule paying or tendering to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of the peace, in whofe cuftody any fuch fchedule (hall be, or his deputy, the fum of one (lulling for his trouble in (earching for and looking out fuch fchedule, and attending whilft the fame (hall be perufed by the party requiring to have the fame looked out, and to perufe the fame; and that a true cof>y of every fuch fchedule, figned by the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other

officer

Aflignecs to compound with lords of manors for copyhold cftatcft.

The debtor's right alone to be afferted by the art.

officer aAing as clerk of the peace, in whofe cuftodjr the fame (hall be, or his deputy, purporting the fame to be a true copy of fuch fchedule, without being wrote on damped paper, and for which copy no more (hall be paid than fixpence by the (beet, each iheet containing feventy-two words, and fo in proportion for a lefs number of words, (hall at all times be admitted in all courts whatfoever as legal evidence of the fame; and if any clerk of the peace or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer a&ing as clerk of the peace, (hall, on reafonable requeft as afore-faid, neglert or refufe to produce to any fuch creditor or creditors as aforefaid, or his or their attorney, any fuch fchedule as afore-faid, and to permit the fame to be infpefted as aforefaid in the day-time, on fuch payment or lender as aforefaid being made to him, or (hall a(k or take more than after the rate of fixpence by the iheet, each (heet to contain feventy-two words, and fo in proportion for lefs than feventy-two words in a iheet, or (hall refufe to make and deliver a copy of any fuch fchedule, on being requeued as aforefaid fo to make the fame, and having the money tendered to him for payment of fuch copy after the rate aforefaid, (hall for every fuch oiFence forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, which (hall and may be fued for and recovered in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at IVeJlmtnJler, by action of debt, together with treble coils of fuit, in the name of any perfon who (hall profecute for the fame; and one moiety of which fum forfeited dial), when recovered, go to the party who profecuted for the fame, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the pariih in which the offence ihall be committed.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enarted, That before fuch time as any ailignee or affignees as aforefaid (hall enter on or take any profit from any copyhold or cuftomary eftate as aforefaid, he or they ihall agree and compound with the lord or lords of the manor or manors of whom the fame ihall be holdcn for the payment of fuch fine or income, as upon any furrender and admiflion thereto hath heretofore been mod ufually accuftomed to be paid; and that upon every ftich agreement or competition made the faid lord or lords for the time being, at the next court, or fome fubfequent court which ihall be holden for die faid manor or manors, (hall admit fuch affignee or affignees, tenant or tenants to fuch copyhold or cuftomary eftate, according to the cuftom of the faid manor or manors of which the fame (hall be holden, and for and during fuch eftate and intcreft as the faid debtor had therein at the time of his or her being difcharged as aforefaid, referving the rents, duties, hcriots, cuftoms, and fer-vices, payable and to be rendered in refpett of the (aid copyhold

or cuftomary eftate.	j

XXII.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained ihall extend to prejudice or affert any eftate or intereft, or right whatfoever, of any perfon or perfons other than the faid debtor, I which may be expertant upon or fubjeft unto the eftate or intereft of the faid debtor, hereby veiled in the faid clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acling as clerk of the peace; but that all the eftate, intereft, and light whatfoever, of every

1804.3	Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgij III. c. ip8. 507

other prrfon or perfons, (hall remain, continue, and be favcd to them in the fame manner as if this ad had not been made.

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this ad (hall extend or be Mortgages to conftrued to binder or prevent any mortgage or mortgages, take place of charges, or liens, upon the eftate of fuch debtor or debtors, or ^hbns of an any part thereof, to take place upon the lands, tenements, ort^l°rna" hereditaments, or perfonal eftate7 or effeds comprifed in or charged or affeded by fuch mortgage or mortgages, charges or liens refpedively; nor to prevent any ftatute ftaple, ftatute merchant, recognizance or judgement, acknowledged by or obtained againft any fuch debtor or debtors, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real eftate of fuch debtor or debtors, and alfo where any inquifition (hall have been taken upon any fuch ftatute or recognizance, or any writ or execution (hall hgve been taken out and delivered to the (heriffor propey officer upon any fuch judgement, before fuch dilcharge ihall be given in open fellion to any fuch debtor as aforefaid, the perfonal eftate of every fuch debtor refpedively (hall be fobjed thereto, in the (irft place, for fo much as (hall remain due upon fuch mortgage, charge, lien, ftatute, recognizance, or judgement refpedively, in like manner as fuch mortgagees and perlons having fuch charges or liens, and creditors by ftatute, recognizance, or judgement, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature againft the real or perfonal eftate of fuch debtor and debtors refpedively if this ad bad not been made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithft^nding.

XXIV. And whereas many perfons who may be intitled to and claim the benefit of this aft, are feifed and poffiffed of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to hold to fuch debtors for the term of their natural lives, with power of granting leaps and taking fines, referving fmall rents on fuch eftates, for one, two, or three lives in pojfejfion or reverfion, or forfome number of years determinable upon lives\ or have powers over real or perfonal efiate, which fuch debtors eould execute for their own advantage, and which Jaid powers ought to be executed for tin benefit of the creditors oj fuch debtor \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Power of in every fuch cafe all and every the powers of leaftng fuch ^^vefted^a lands, teqements, and hereditaments, and all other fuch ^ Jifignee'iL powers as aforefaid over real or perfonal eftate, which are or (hall be vefted in any fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid,

(hall be and are hereby vefted in the aflignee or affignees of the real and perfonal eftate of fuch prifoner by virtue of this ad, to be by fuch aftignee or affignees executed for the benefit of aft and every the creditors of fuch prifoners as aforefaid.

XXV. And whereas in fome prifons or gaols in the United Kingdom the office or keeper of gaoler is held in fee for life or oiherwife, by perfons who never aft as keepers or gaolers themfelvesy or know any thing of the prifoners therein, but depute or employ

fome

508 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. [1804.

fame perfon or perfons under them as keepers or gaolers of fucb The afting prifons or gaols; be it therefore enafted,' That in every fuch cafe gaoler, at the the perfon who (hall have been aftually employed and afted time of deli- as deputy keeper or gaoler of any fuch prifon or gaol at the

to?ake the* t*me	delivcrinS *n tbe hereby direfted to be

oath*	delivered in of prifoners in any fuch prifon or gaol, at any

general or quarter feflions of the peace, or fome adjournment thereof, and not the principal keeper or gaoler (unlels where fuch principal keeper or gaoler (hall aft as keeper or gaoler himfeif) (hall take the oath herein before appointed to be taken by the keeper or gaoler of every fuch prifon or gaol.

XXVI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Gaoler, on That the juftices at any general quarter feflions of the peace, or rCqd*tft°t adjournment thereof, to which any fuch prifoner (hall be bTfwonu ° bright *n purfuance of this aft, (hall, if required by any creditor or creditors of any fuch prifoner or prifoners who (hall oppofe his or her difcharge, adminifter and give to the keeper or gaoler, or the perfon who afts as keeper or gaoler of any fucb prifon or gaol at the time of bringing up any fuch prifoner in order to be difeharged under this aft, an oath, to the following effeft i that is to fay.

“ T A. B. do fwear. That	was really and

‘ JL truly a prifoner in my cuftody in the prifon of	[or

in cuftody in fome other prifon or prifons, as the cafe may be] to the bed of my knowledge and belief, at or upon the firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four, and hath fince continued to be a prifoner in my prifon [or in cuftody in fome other prifon or prifons, as the cafe may be], and that the copy or copies of the caufe or caufes of his [or, her] commitment or detainer, now by me brought with the body of theTaid

and produced to the faid court, is [or, are] a true copy or copies of the caufe or caufes of fuch commitment qc detainer, without any fraud or deceit by me, or any other perfon whatfoever, to the bed of my knowledge and belief.

♦	u	So	help	me GOD."

If the perfon And if any perfon who was keeper or gaoler or deputed delivering in	or	gaoler of	any fuch prifon or gaol on the faid firft

gs(oler?on 1	day o{	J****ry one	thoufand	eight hundred and four, or fincc,

Ian. x, 1804, (ball not happen to be the keeper or gaoler or deputed keeper or he Hi all take gaoler of any fuch prifon or gaol, at the tinTe any fuch lid as the following aforefajj js hereby required to be delivered in, then the judices at any fuch fdTion or at any adjournment thereof may and are hereby required to adminifter and give to the refpeftive perfon	or	perfons who (hall	be keeper or gaoler or deputed

keeper	or	gaoler of	any fuch	prifon or gaol, and deliver in any

fuch lift as aforefaid at any fuch general or quarter feffion or any adjournment thereof, an oath touching the commitments, or books of commitment, of any fuch prifon or gaol, to the effeft following ; that is to fay,

“I J.B.

i8o4’] Annoregni quadragefimoquartoGEORGii III.c. 108. 509

ctT y/. B, do fwear, That I haye examined the commitments Oath.

X cor books kept of or concerning the commitment of pri-foners to the prifon of	in	the	county, riding*

divifion, city, town, place, or liberty of	[as the cafe

may be] and that I do Verily believe, that the faid commitments or books of commitment are really true and not fidlitious, nor calculated for this purpofe; and by them it doth appear that

was on the	day	of

and hath fince continued to be, really and truly a prifoner in the aflual cuftody of	the	then

keeper or gaoler, or deputy keeper or gaoler of the faid prifon or gaol [1or other prifon or prifons, as the cafe may be] without fraud or deceit by me, or any other perfon or perfons, to my knowledge and belief, *

t( So help me GOD/*

XXVII. Jnd,fin order to difeover any fraudulent entries or commitments of prifomrs in any prifon or gaol booksy be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the juftices at any At the re* general or quarter feffion of the peace, or anjr adjournment ^itorsKaoIera thereof, are hereby authorifed, at the requeft of any creditor or may be creditors of any prifoner, to convene before them, at fome mined on certain time to be appointed by them, any perfon or perfons oa^h it the who was or were keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler of any prifon or gaol within their refpeftive jurifdi&ions, Commit-on the faid fir (I day of January one thoufand eight hundred and meats, four, or at any time fince, and to examine every fuch keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, on oath, touching the commitment and continuance in cuftody of any fuch prifoner,

33 the juftices at any fuch general or quarter feffion, or adjournment thereof, (hall think fit; and if any (herifF, keeper, Penalty on or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, (hall negledt or refufe (heriffd, to bring before any fuch juftices at any feffion of the peace, or difobeying adjournment thereof, any fuch prifoner as (hall be dire&cd and ?rj*?rs required by warrant of any juftice or juftices as aforefaid, orJ 1 to attend on being fummoned for that purpofe, he (hall on convi&ion fuffer fix months imprifonment; or if any keeper or gaoler attending (hall refufe to make anfwer and difeovery in the premifes as (hall be reafonably required at fuch general or quarter feffion, or any adjQurnment thereof, he, (he, or they fo offending in the premifes, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by and in the name and for the ufe of the party injured, by action of debt, to be brought in his or her name, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at We ft minder or Dublin, as the cafe may be, together with treble cofts of fuir.

aXVIII. And be it further ervadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any keeper or gaoler of any prifon, or his deputy Penalty oo or deputies, (hall, without juft caufe, to be approved ot gJint^r of ^ the juftices at fome general quarter feffion or general feffion of g^ettcs° nA the peace, or adjournment thereof, within their refpedtivc comply^

jurifuieiions,

gulations of Uii ad.

with the re- jurifdidions, refufe or delay to bring any fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid to any fuch general quarter fefficai or general feflion, or adjournment .thereof, in order to his or her difeharge, or (hall negled, refufe, or defignedly omit to infert in any fuch lift the name or names of any fuch prifoner or prifoners, who Was or were adually in cuftody in his or their refpedive prifon or gaol on the faid firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four, or (hall negled or refufe to make out, fix up, or deliver fuch lifts as aforefaid; or if any keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler, (hall negled or refufe to take any of the faid oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him, or (hall upon any account or pretence whatfoever take or receive more than the faid fum of • one (hilling herein-before allowed for his or htr attendance, in order to be difeharged of fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid, or (hall detain any fuch prifoner after he or fhe (hall be dif-tharged as aforefaid ; or if the printer of the London Gazette or Dublin Gazette refpedively, or other -newfpaper, as aforefoid, fhall wilfully refufe or negled to infert therein the notice by this ad direded to be given, on reafonable requeft to him made for that purpofe, and tender of the money hereby direded to be paid, or (hall take or receive any fee or gratuity more than four-pence as aforefaid for doing thereof; every fuch keeper and gaoler of fuch prifon or prifor.s, his deputy or deputies, and every fuch printer as aforefaid, (hall refpedively forfeit and pay to each prifoner in every fuch cafe injured, the fum of one hundred pounds, which (hall and may be recovered, with treble cofts of fuit, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts of record at Weftminfter or Dublin as the cafe may be, wherein no effoign, protedion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

XXIX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any keeper or keepers, gaoler or gaolers, or any deputy keeper or gaoler of any prifon, (hall, in taking of the aforementioned oaths, forfwear and perjure themfelves, and (hall thereof be lawfully convided, fuch keeper or gaoler, or deputed keeper or gaoler of fuch prifon or prifons (over and above the penalties to be inflided on perfons convided of perjury), (hall upon every fuch convidion forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered, with full cofts, by bill, plaint, or information, or adion of debt, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weftminjler or Dublin refpedively, as the cafe may be, wherein no effoign, protedion, or wager of law (hall be allowed, by and in the name of fuch perfon of perfons, his and their executors and adminiftrators, to whom any alignment or conveyance in purfuance of this ad (hall be made of the eftate and effeds of fuch prifoner or prifoners; and if no fuch aftignee or afiignees (hall be living, then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors who (hall foe for the faid penalties, to be applied, one moiety to the informer or informers; and the other moiety towards fatisfa&ioa of the debts of fuch his creditor or creditors.

Penalties on gaolers for peijury.

8o4-3. Annoregni quadragcGmoquartet Georgii III. c. 108. 511 XXX. And be it further ena&ed, That if any clerk of Penalty on le peace or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer a&ing ^Ycenot** s clerk of the peace, (hall delay or refiife to give every ot any ^vtoVcopics jeh prifoner adjudged to be entitled to his difeharge as of adjudicator e (aid, within fourteen days after fuch adjudication, a copy tion of dif-f the order of adjudication, on the payment of two (hillings and xpence, or (hall take more than the fum of two (hillings and xpence for fuch copy, or (hall take more than one (hil-ng for an affignment or conveyance of fuch prifoner's eftate nd effects, every fuch clerk of the peace or his deputy, or own clerk, or other officer a&ing as clerk of the peace, who hall fo offend, and who (hall be convi&ed at any fuch general >r quarter feffion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, of ny fuch offence, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay o every fuch prifoner the fum of twenty pounds, as the uftices of the peace at fuch general or quarter feffion of the >eace, or adjournment thereof, (hall order, and who are lereby empowered to caufe the fame to be levied by diftrefs tnd (ale of the goods of any fuch clerk of the peace, or his leputy, or town clerk, or other officer a&ing as clerk of the >eace, fo offending.

XXXI* And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-aid. That if any debtor as aforefaid, who (hall take the Debtor* benefit of this a&, (hall wilfully forfwear and perjure himfelf, (haU^uffer icrfelf, or themfelves, in any oath to be taken under this a<ft, a,[or wjifux ind (hall be lawfully convi&ed thereof, he, (he, or they fo perjury, offending, (hall fuffeV fuch puni(hment as by law may be nfli&ed on perfons convi&ed of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-

aid, That no perfon entitled to the benefit of this a& (hall at Dehtoro diC-my time hereafter be imprifoned by reafon of any judgement	be

or decree obtained for payment of money only, or for any imprifoned iebt, bond, damages, contempts for non-payment of money, for debts :ofts, fum or fuma of money contra&ed, incurred, occalioned, P^01, to >wing, or growing due, before the (aid firft day of 'January one ■*an*x* 1 thoufand eight hundred and four; but that upon every arreft jpon every judgement or fuch decree, or for fuch debts, ferriages, contempts, cofts, fum and fums of money, it (hall ind may be lawful for any judge of the court where the procefs filled, or for any two juftices of the peace, upon (hewing the :opy of the order of adjudication as aforefaid, to releafe and lifeharge out of cuftody fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid, md at the fame time to order the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch uit or fuits to pay fuch prifoner or prifoners the cofts he, (he, k* they (hall have incurred on fuch occafion, or fo much hereot as to fuch judge or juftices (hall feem juft and rea-onable; and every fuch judge is hereby empowered fo to do,

>n fuch prifoner’s caufing a common appearance to be entered 'or him in every fuch a&ion or fuit.

XXXIII.	And whereas under former afls of this kind doubts have arifen what was to be done with fuch prifoners who applied

at

Prifoners who, on application as infolvent

512 Anno regnt quadragpfimo quarto Gsougii III. c. 10S. (1804.

at any feflion to be difcharged, tube owed and flood charged with debts as well previous as fubfequent to the day limited by the refpeQivt Prifoners not afts\ To remedy which, be it therefore ena&ed by theautho-difeharged of rity aforefaid. That no prifoner or prifoners (hall be difcfaarged ^uentto*^- an^ ^tS ,ncurre^ fubfequent to the firft day of January ^».Di9^8o4« onc thoufand eight hundred and four 5 and if it fhall appear 9 to thejuftices at any feflion pr adjournment, that any prifoner or prifoners then applying to them to be difeharged (hall Hand charged as well with debts previous to as iubfequent to the faid firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four, that in fuch cafes it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juftices to difeharge the perfon of fuch prifoner on account of all debts incurred previous to the faid firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four, and to remand him or her back to the cuftody of the keeper of the prifbn from whence he or (he was brought, for all debts with which he or (be {lands charged with in his cuftody incurred fubfequent to the faid firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid. That in cafe any perfon, being a prifoner, charged in execution on the faid firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four, and having before or Cnee that day petitioned debtors,* have any court to be difeharged as an infolvent debtor, and having been remand- conformed to the feveral provifions of the laws in being for ed back and that purpofc, {hall have been brought up, and by the court Saraedwith- bcf°re which fuch prifoner was fo brought up remanded back out their con-t0 prifon or gaol from which fuch prifoner was brought up, fent, entitled there to continue in execution on the undertaking of his or her to the benefit plaintiff or plaintiffs, to pay to him or her two {hillings and of this ad.	four-pence weekly, and every or fuch other allowance as by

law is dire&ed to be paid in fuch cafe, during fuch time as fuch prifoner {hould remain in execution at the fuit of fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs; and fuch prifoner fo continued in execution (hall have been or (hall be difeharged from fuch execution by his or her plaintiff or plaintiffs without his or her own privity or confent, fubfequent to the (aid firft day oi January one thoufand eight hundred and four, and before the day whereon he or (he might otherwife have applied to take the benefit of this a<5t, every fuch prifoner (hall be entitled, notwithftanding fuch difeharge, to the fame relief and advantage, to all intents and purpofes wbatfoever, which be or (he might or could have otherwife obtained by virtue of tbs adl j any thing herein contained to the contrary ootwith-ftanding.

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore-A&nfeybe faid. That if any a&ion of efcape, or any (hit or nStion be pleaded to brought againft any juftice or juftices of the peace, (heriff, tfcape &c/ deeper or gaoler of any prifon, for performing their otfice in p 9 pursuance of this a&, they may plead the general iffue, and give this adl in evidence j and if the plaintiff be nonfuited, or difeontinue his action, or verdict pafs againft hnv, or judge-ment upon the demurrer, the defendant (hall have treble cods.

XXXVI.	And

i8<34-] Anno rsgni quadragcfimoquarto Georgii III. c. 108.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Aft may be

laid, That if any fcire facias or aftion of debt fhall bfe brought PJj*d^ r£c~ againft any fuch prifoner, upon any judgement obtained againft	pl *

any fuch prifoner, or on any ftatute or recognizance acknowledged by him or her before the faid firft day of Januaty one tboufand eight hundred and four, it (hall and may be lawful

for any fuch prifoner to plead generally, in difcharge of his or her perfon front execution, that ftich prifoner was aftually a prifoner in fuch prifon, or in fame other prifon or prifons at fuch a perfon’s fuit on the faid firft day of January one thou* fand eight hundred and four, and was or were duly dtfcharged according to this aft, at the general quarter fcffion or general feffion, or adjournment thereof, held at fuch time and place for fuch county, riding, divifton, liberty, city, town, or place (at his, or her, cafe is), without pleading any matter fpecially; and in cafe any other fuit ocaftion (hall be commenced againft him, or her, for any other debt, Aim or Turns of money, due before the faid firft day of January one thoufstfnd eight hundred and four, to plead in difcharge of his or her perfon from execution (over and above fuch matters of imprifonment and difcharge as aforefaid), that fuch debt or fum of money (as the . cafe (hall happen) was contrafted or due before the faid firft ■day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four, without pleading any other matter fpecially, whereto the plaintiff (hall or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforefaid, or reply any other matter or thing which may (hew the faid defendant not to be entitled to the benefit of this aft, or no'tduly difcharged according to it, in the fame manner as the plaintiff might have replied in cafe the defendant had pleaded this aft, and the feveral fafts entitling him to bis difcharge, by virtue of the fame fpecially; and if the plaintiff be nonfuited, difcontinue his aftion, or verdift pafs againft him, or judgement on demurrer, either upon fuch fcire 7facias or fuch aftion of debt, upon judgement brought or other fuit or. aftion commenced as aforefaid, the defendant (hall have treble cofis.

XXXVII.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft con- Aft not to tained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to releafe or extend to difcharge any attorney at law, or folicitor, or any other perfon itt®rn*tCf ar_ or perfons afting or pretending to aft as fuch, with regard to ^mo-any debt with which he or they (hall ftand charged for any llCy *, money or other effefts recovered and received by him or them

for the ufe of any perfon or perfons, bodies corporate or politick, and by any attorney, folicitor, or other perfon or perfons afting as fuch, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own u(e, or to releafe or difcharge any fervant or agent, or any other perfon or perfons employed or entrufted as fuch, with regard to any debt or demand with which he, fhe, or they (hall ftand charged, for or on account of any money, goods, or other eftefts received or poflefied by him, her, or them, for .the ufc and on account of his, her, or their . Vol. XLV.	L	L	matter

514 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georoi i III. c. 108. [1804.

\

Nor to per-fofts obtaining money on falfe pre* . traces;

Nor to pii (oners remanded to prifon under any infol-vent ad, for fraudulently obtaining money, 6cc,

Nor to perrons charged in execution for damages recovered in any adion for crirritnl conciliation, Uc.

mafter or mailers, or employers, and by fuch fervant or agent embezzled, concealed, or converted to bis, her, or their own u(e; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwirhftanding.

XXXVIII.	And whereas many evil-difpofed perfons, to fitppert their profligate way of ltfe% have by various fubtle ftraUgems, throats, and devices, fraudulently obtained divers fums of money, goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, promiffary notes, or other fecurities for money, to the great injury of indtsjhrious families,, and to the manifefl prejudice of trade and credit; be ttenaded. That no prifoner who knowingly and defignedly, by falfe pretence or pretences, (hall have obtained from any perfon or perfons, money, goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, pro mi (Tory notes, or other fecurities for money, (hall have or receive any benefit or difeharge by or under this aft; but the juftices at any general or quarter fefiion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, before whom any fuch prifoners fiaall be brought, upon due proof of the matter made to their fatif-fadion, (ball remand fuch prifoner to the cuftody of the gaoler or keeper of the prifon from whence he or the (hall have been brought; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withstanding.

XXXIX.	Provided always, That no prifoner who lhall have been remanded to prifon under any ad heretofore pafled for the relief of infolvent debtors, for having fraudulently obtained money, goods, or fecurities for money, on falfe pretences, or for having fecretly and fraudulently removed (lock, cattk, or other effeds, which werje fubjed or liable to be detained for rent; or who (hall have loft or forfeited the benefit of any fuch former ad by having made any fraudulent fale, transfer, conveyance, or alignment, fince his or her imprifonment, to the prejudice of the fair and honeft creditor; or who (hall have obtained a difeharge under any fuch former ad fraudulently ; or (hall have taken an oath under fuch ad, or under the ad commonly called The Lords* A&, any part of which was not true; (hall have or receive any benefit or difeharge by or tinder this ad; but the juftices at any general or other feffion of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, before whom any fuch prifoner (hall be brought, upon due proof of the matter made to their fatistadion, (hall remand fuch prifoner to the cuftody of the gaoler or keeper of the prifon from which he or (he (hall have been brought, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding: provided alfo, that no perfon charged in execution for damages recovered in any adion for criminal converfation with the wife of the plaintiff in fuch adion, or in any adicn for feducing and carnally knowing the daughter or female fervant of the plaintiff, or in any adion for a malicious profecution, or for any other malicious injury, (hall have any benefit under this ad, except only in cafes where the plaintiff in fuch adions refpedively (hail be dead, and no perfon iiiail have obtained probate of the will or letters

1804.] Annoregni quadragefimo quarto GrorGIi III. c. 108. 5x5

of adminiftration of the effe&s of fuch plaintiff within twelve months after the deceafe of fuch plaintiff.

XL. And whereas many debtors for rents of lands, mejfuages$ houfeSy or other premifesy havey with fraudulent intent to difappoint the right of their rejpetttve landlords, removed theflock y cattle,furniture, goodiy or other effifls, which were fubjeft and liable to be diftrained Jor the fatisfaction of the faid rents ; be it enafled by the authority aforefaid, That no prifoner or prisoners, who, in a fecret, dan- Nor to per-deftine, or fraudulent manner, ihall have removed or caufcd tofons removing be removed within fix years before the paffing of this aid, anycflk^* fuch flock, cattle, furniture, goods, or effects, of the value °^Uabletobe# fifty pounds or upwards, which were fubjedt or liable to be oi/trained for diftrained by their refpe<ftive landlords for or in payment of rent* fuch rent or rents, whereby fuch landlord or-landlords (hall have loft all or fome part of the rent or rents due to him, hef, or them, as aforefaid, (hail be difeharged by or under this a<ft, but (hall, on due proof of the matter as aforefaid, be remanded in manner herein-before mentioned; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary norwithflanding.

XLI. And whereas many debtors havfy with a view to defraud their creditorSyfoldy transferredy conveyed, or afftgned their ejlate and ejfefls to fome perfon or perfonsy fubfequent to their being in cuflody of law, or imprifoned under fome procefs for debt: and whereas fuch faley transfery conveyance or ajfignmenty hath been fraudulently made% to the infinite 'prejudice of the fair and honefi creditor though fuf-ficient proof could not be obtained to convifl the party of a fraudulent	,

defegn: be it enabled, That whenever it fhall be proved by one Nor to p-r-or more credible witnefs or witnefles, to the fatisfa&ion of the f°n* felling court to which any prifoncr fhall be brought up in order to obtain his or her difeharge, that fuch prifoner has fold, trans- acdi/ ferred, conveyed, or afligned to any perfon or perfons, all or tors, any part of his eftate or effects fubfequent to the time of his imprifonment, without juft cauft? for fo doing, to be allowed by the juftices prefiding in fuch court as aforefaid, every fuch debtor fhall lofe all the benefits and advantages that he might otherwife have claimed under the authority of this aft, and (hall not be entitled to his or her difeharge ; and every fuch fale, transfer, conveyance, or alignment, is hereby declared to be null* and void.

XLII. And be it further enatfed by the authority aforefaid, Gaolers to That every gaoler or keeper of any prifon fhall and is hereby permit pri-required to fuffer in the day-time any perfon or perfons defiring ^^Vw^th the fame, to fee and fpeak in the lodge or fome convenient ^ cntry in* room in the faid prifon, with any prifoner or prifoners whofe the books of names are inferted in the before-mentioned lift or lifts, or the the prifon to London or Dublin Gazettey or other ncwfpapers, or any of them; and alfb to fee in the true and genuine books of the faid prifon pcna y* the entries made of the name or names of fuch prifoner or prifoners, debtor or debtors, together with the name or names of the perfon or perfons at whofe fuit or fuits he, fhe, or they are or were detained; and if any fuch gaoler or keeper fhall

I l 2	refufe

516 Anno

Penalty on gaoler making falfe entries.

Debtors refuting to dlf-cover the trade and abode of the perfon at whole fuit detained, excluded the benefit of the aft.

regni quadragefimo quarto Gborgii III. c. 108. [1804.

refufe or negleft to comply with what is hereby above required, every fuch gaoler or keeper who (hall fo offend in the pre-mifes (hall forfeit and pay to the perfon fo refufed and aggrieved the fum of forty pounds, to be recovered with cods of fuit, bj aft ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts at Weftminjltr or Dublin,, as the cafe may be, wherein no effoign, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hail be allowed, by and in the name or names of the perfon or perfons fo refufed and aggrieved.

XLIII. And be it further enafted. That if any gaoler or keeper or deputed gaoler or keeper of any prifon or prifons, (hall make or caufe to be made any falfe entries in any book or books belonging to any prifon or gaol under his care, or of which he is or was gaoler, or (hall prepare or keep, or- caufe to be prepared or kept, any falfe book or books, in order for any falfe or untrue entry or entries to be made therein \ or (hall infert in any lid to be delivered in as aforefaid, the name or names of any perfon or perfons who was or were not in aftual cuftody as aforefaid (except as in the oath of every fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall be excepted), every fuch gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, (hall, over and above the penalrie9 which he (hall be liable to for every fuch fraud, forfeit and pay the fumNof five hundred pounds, to be recovered with treble cods of fuit, by and in the name and for the ufe of any perfon or perfons who (hall be prejudiced by any fuch falfe entry or entries* which penalties (hail and may be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majedy’s courts of record at JVeflminfler or Dublin^ as the cafe may be, wherein no efloign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XLIV. And he it further enafted. That if any debtor, being thereunto required by any creditor, (ball refufe to difeover and declare the trade or occupation, and habitation or lad place of abode, of the perfon or perfons at whofe fuit he or (he is or was detained or charged in cudodyj or if any prifoner being called for and defired by any creditor or creditors to come to the lodge of the prifon in which any fuch prifoner (hall be confined, (nail refufe to come, without fome reafonable caufe being made appear to the contrary; fuch debtor, upon proof being made thereof before the juftices at any general or quarter feflionof the peace or adjournment thereof, to be held as afore, faid, (hall not have or receive any benefit or difeharge by or under this aft; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithdanding.

XLV. And whereas there is but one common or county gulfor each of the refpeftive counties of York or Lincoln, which/aid (no* ties are each of them divided into feveral ridings or diviJioni> oS of which have feveral commijftons of the peacey and if the gaoler if thefe gaols be obliged to carry the debtors prifoners therein to tin quarter fejfton of fuch riding or diviftony the fame will be a wy great charge not only to fuch gaoler, but afo to the prifoners in then

Urge

i8o4*] Anna rtgni quadragefimoquarto Georgii 111. c. 108. 517

large counties; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That it fhall and may be lawful for two or more juftices of the peace for any of the ridings or divi^ons in the refpedtive coun- Lincoln may ties (or for any other county or counties where the prifons are hold a fcffion at a diftance from the place where the feffions are held) at the near to the common or county gaol thereof refpeftively, or at feme conve- count7 Sao1* nient place near thereto, and they are hereby required to af-femble and meet and to hold fcffion there by adjournment from their refpedtive quarter feffion, from time to time, for the difeharge of the refpedtive prifoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and diredtions of this a<5t.

XLVI. And whereas the diftrift or divijion of Holland, in the ftaid county of Lincoln, is dijtant near forty miles from the faii county gaoly and it is highly inconvenient and expenftve for the juftices of the peace ailing for the faid divijion to be obliged to travel to the faid gaoly for the file purpofe of difeharging the prifoners under the powers by this abf given; be it therefore enadted, That for the feveral purpofes. aforefaid, the juftices for the laid divifion or Holhndmay diftridt of Holland may adjourn their original feffions to the hold an 7 county gaol, or fome place near thereunto; and it fhall and adjourned may be lawful for any two juftices of the peace adting either for the parts* of Lindfeyy Kefteveny or Holland, to hold fuch adjourned feffions for the foie purpofe of difeharging fuch prifoners 5 notice of the adjournment of fuch original feffions being given by the clerk of the feffions to fuch juftices, and who (hall attend there to regifter the proceedings of the faid court, fo far as the fame relate to or affedt the difeharge of any prifoner detained for debt in the divifion of Holland, and claiming the benefit of this adt.

XLV il. And whereas the next general quarterfeffions of the peace for the county of Surrey which fhall happen after the pafftng of this a£ly may be in the country, and upwards of twenty miles from any of the faid prifons; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for luch juftices as Juftices for fhall be aflembled at the general quarter feffion of the peace a^ournTo7 to be holden for the county of Surrey next after the palling of Southwark, this adt, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the or to the fcf-faid feffions to the borough of Southwark, or to the feflions- fions-houfein houfe in Horfemonger Laney in the parilh of Newington, in the Lane!™005** faid county of Surreyy for the purpofe of adminiftering the oaths required to be taken and fubferibed by this adt, by the feveral gaolers within the faid county, and for the difeharge of prifoners or other debtors, according to the powers, limitations, and diredtions of this adt.

XLV III. And be it further enadted by the authority afore-Prifoners in faid, That all debtors and others, who were in prifon on or before the faid firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred {0 be dif-and four, in any of the gaols of the United Kingdom, and now charged, remain there for not paying their fees, rents, or other demands, due or claimed as due to the keeper or keepers of any prifon refpedtively, or to any other officer of fuch prifon, ana

upon

Aft not to extend to debtors of the crown, or offenders againft the revenue laws.

518 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. [1804.

upon no other account, (hall be difeharged therefrom, be, (he, or they taking the oath by this aft required to 'be taken by

prifoners.

XLIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That this aft (hall not extend or be con* ftrued to extend to difeharge any perfon feeking the benefit of this aft, with refpeft to any debt or penalty with which he or (he (hail ftand charged at the fuit of the crown, or of any perfoo, for any offence committed againft any aft or afts of parliament relative to his Majefty’s revenue of cuftoms, excife, damps, or fait duties, or any of them, or any other branches of the pubiick revenue; or at the fuit of any fheriffor other pubiick officer upon any bail bond entered into for the appearance of any perfon pro-fecuted for any offence committed againft any aft or afts of par* liament relaitve to his Majefty’s faid revenues of cuftoms, excife, damps, or fait duties, or any other branches of pubiick revenue* unlefs any three of the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s trea-fury for the time being (hall certify their confent under tbeir thands to the juftices at their faid fd&ons or adjournment thereof for the difeharge of fuch prifoner as aforefaid.

L. And whereas,. underformer afts, creditors have been put to great expence and trouble in attending every fejjion and adjournment during the whole continuance of the aft* to oppofe the difeharge of debtors clearly excludedfrom any benefit under the Jaid refpeftive afts, but utbo9 after having been before one feffton heard and refuftd a difeharge, to narafs tbeir creditors, conflantly gave frcjl) notices for eaco fubjapunt fejjion and adjournment, of their intended applications to be difcbargei\ to remedy which, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes whatever, the determination of the juftices in feffion or adjournment (hall be final to all intents and purposes, unlefs the debtor (hall, at the firft or fecond genera] quarter feffion of the peace aforefaid, or fome adjournment thereof refpeftively which (hall be holden after the felfion when he or (he was remanded, get rid of the objeftion or objeftions for which they re fufed his difeharge; and that the fame may be clear and certain, the juftices are hereby required to ftate the objections whv fuch debtor’s difeharge is refufed by them; and in all cafes whatever it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juftices, at fuch firft or fecond fcfiion of the peace, or fome adjournment thereof upon any application from the prifoner, upon due proof on oath made to them by two or more credible wirnefles (which oath they are ' hereby empowered to adminifter), of fuch objeftion or objections being removed, and on proof of notice ferved at Ieaft ten days previous to fuch application, on the creditor or creditors who before oppofed his difeharge, and of fuch pubiick notice or notices being given in manner before direfted by this aft, to order fuch prifoner to be brought before them, and if they (hall then be of opinion the faid debtor is entitled to the benefit of this aft, to adjudge him or her to be entitled to the benefit of this aft; and if a prifoner, to order him or her to be difeharged, he or (he taking <	the

Determinations ofjuf-tiees to ne find, unlefs the debtor gets rid of the objections to his di (charge.

i8o4«] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gs6roii III. c. 108. 519

the oath, and in all other refpeCts conforming to the directions of this aCt.

LI. And whereas it may happen that ftveral perfons who may claim and hi entitled to the benefit of this aft are feifed of an cftate tail in Jbtne freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which entail) with the remainder thereon expeftant, they have by law power

defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines, fifftring a common •recovery or common recoveries, or by thefurrender crjurrenders thereof, whereby fitch perfon or perfons fata freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, and hereditaments, would be liable to the payment of their debts, and be delivered up according to the terms of this aft, for the benefit of their creditors 3 be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That in every fuch cafe fuch perfon or perfons, foMjrteaof feifed as aforefaid, and who (hall be entitled to and claim the be-ttefit of this a&, (hall, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever in ;n t3yf law, be deemed and tafccn, and is and are hereby declared to be to be delivered feifed of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee 3 and up to their the fame (hall be delivered up to fuch creditor or creditors of c**d*ton. every fuch prifoner, in the fame manner as if fuch perfon or perfons had a&ually levied a fine, fuffered a common recovery or recoveries, or made a furrender or furrenders thereof, and thereby had become feifed in fee; any law or conftruCkion of law to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

LII. And whereas many perfons who may be entitled to and claim the benefit of this aft, have been great dealers or otherwife engaged in large tranfaftions, whereby they may be entitled to fundry and great debts and demands, of various and intricate natures, and they may be entitled to equities of redemption of eftates fubjeft and liable to mortgages, judgements, or other incumbrances, or to reverfions, remainders, cr other contingent ejlates in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to ether trujls or inter eft sin eft ates both real and per final, which may not be fufficiently deferibed or difeovered in the fibedule or inventory before direfted to be delivered in upon oath by the prifoner to be £f-ebarged as aforefaid, or which may want his aid and ajjiflance to adjuft, make out, recover, or manage for the benefit of his creditors; be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and Afllgin-es may may be lawful to and for therefpeCtive affigneesof the eftate and *PPJy for fur* effects of fuch debtor or debtors, who (hall obtain his, her, or their difeharge, in purfiiance of this aCt, or any other perfon or debtors ro perfons duly authorifed by them for that purpofe, from time to two juftices. time, to apply to any two or more of the juftices of the peace for the county, riding, diviiion, city, town, place, or liberty, where fuch debtor or debtors (hall be then refiding, thereby de-firing that fuch debtor or debtors may be further examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their eftate or effedts, whereupon fuch juftices (hall fend for or call before them fuch debtor or debtors, by fuch warrant, fummons, ways or means, as they (hall think nt; and upon fuch debtor’s appearing fhall examine him, her, or them, as weft upon oath as otherwife, as to^ fuch matters and things as fuch affignee (hall defire, relating to the eftate and effects of. fuch debtor or debtors: and if

'	any

520 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto GeorguIII. c. ioS. X1804.

any debtor or debtors (00 payment or tender of payment of fach reasonable charges as fuch juftices (hall judge fufficiem) (hall negle& or refufe to come or appear, not having a lawful excefe, to be made known to fuch juftices and by them allowed, or be* Jng come before them (hall refufe to be fwonn, or to anfwer to all fuch queftions as by fuch juftices (ball be put to bim, her, or them, relating to the difcovery of his, her, or tbeir eftate or ef-fe&s fo vefted or intended to be vefted in fuch clerk of the peace, town derk, or other officer a£king as clerk of the peace, or (itch affignees as aforefaid, then it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftices, by warrant under their hands and feals, to apprehend fuch debtor or debtors fo offending as aforefaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprise, until fuch time as he, (be, or they, (hail fubmit hinufelf, herfelf, or themfelves to fuch juftices, and anfti upon oath to all fuch lawful queftions as (hall by fuch juftices be put to him, her, or them, for the purpotes aforefaid.

LIIL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforebtd. That all and every fuch perfonand perfons who (ball, within ten months after the difeharge of fuch prifoner or prifoners, volun-debtors* eftate tarjly come in and make a difcovery of any part of fuch debtor’s not comprifed or debtors’ real or perfonal eftate, as (ball not be comprifcd in fuch fchedule as aforefaid, before any fuch juftices aforefaid, (hall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per centum out of the net produce of fuch debtor’s or debtors’ eftate which (hall be re* covered on fuch difcovery, and which (hall be paid, to fuch period or perfons fo difeovertng the fame by the aflignee or aiEguces of fuch debtor’s eftate and effects.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enafted. That notwithftand-ing the discharge of any perfon or perfons by virtue of this aft, if it (hall hereafter appear the fame was obtained fraudulently, or that any part of the oath taken by any fuch perfon or perfons was not true, then and in every fuch cafe every fuch difcfcarge (hall be void and of none efiedk.

LV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall be lawful at all times hereafter for any aflignee or affignees of the efface or effects of any debtor or debtors, who (hall be chofe in purfuance of this adk, by and with the cooient of the major part in value of the creditors , of fuch debtor or debtors who (hall be prefent at a meeting to be had on twenty-one days notice being previoufly given for the purpofe hereafter mentioned in the Lenden Gazelle, if the debtor was in cuftody in Lemden or within the weekly bills of mortality, and if not, theo alfo in feme newfpaper which (hall be publifhed in the county, city, or place, in or near which fuch perfon or perfons (hall have been in gaol j and if in cuftody at Dublin or in the county of Dublin, in the Dublin Gazette, and if in any other place in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, then alfo in fome newfpaper which (hall be publiflied in the county, city, or place in or near which fitch perfon or perfons (hall have been in gaol, to make competitions with any perfon or perfons or accountants.to.iuch debt or debtor,

where

Reward to perfons dif-covcrins

in the fche< dules.

Fraudulent

difeharges

void.

Affignees, with content of majority in value of creditors, may compound for debts, and fubmit dif-

Cutes to ar-itration.

804*] Anno regm quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. 5a(

trhere the feme /hall appear neceflary or reafonable, and to take uch reafonable part of any fuch debt as can upon any fuch com* lofition be gotten in full difcbarge of fuch debts and accounts, md alfo to fubnait any difference or difpute between fufh affignee >r affignees, and any perfon or perfons, for or on account or by eafon or means of any matter, caufc, or thing relating to the ?ftatc or effe&s of fuch debtor or debtors, or to any debt or debts I lie or claimed to be due to or from fuch debtor or debtors, to ho final end and determination of arbitrators to be chofen by :he laid affignee or affignees, and the major part in value of fuch rreditors, and the party or parties with whom they (hall have ~uch difference, and to perform the award of fuch arbitrators, or of any umpire to be chofen by them, or otherwife to fettle and 3gree the matters in difference and difpute between them, in fuch manner as the faid affignee or affignees, with fuch confen* as afore faid, (hall think fit and can agree \ and the feme (hall bo binding to all the creditors of fuch debtor or debtors ; and every fuch affignee or affignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they (hall fairly do in the preroi fes in purfuance of this ad.

LVJ. Andy for the better difeovery of the eftate and tffefti of any debtor who Jhall be difeharged by virtue of this be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That any perfon or perfons Penalty for who fhail have accepted of any truft or trufts, and (hall wilfully conceal or prated any eftate, real or perfonal, of any fuch debtor eOatei^ from his creditors, and fhail not within thirty days afterany affigr nee 0/ affignees (hall in purfuance of this ad be chofen, of any fuch debtor's eftate, difeover and difdofe to fuch affignee or affig* neea focb truft and eftate in writing, and deliver up or make over the fame to fuch affignee or affignees, he, (he, or they fo offend* ing (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and alfo double the value of the eftate, either real or perlbnai, (b concealed, to and for the u(e of the creditors of any fuch debtor, to be recovered by adion of debt in any of his Ma-jefty's courts of record at TVtftminfter or Dublin, as the cafe may be, in the name or names of the affignee or affignees of fuch debt* or's eftate, together with treble cofts of fuit.

LVII. And whereas provifton ought to be made as to what Jhould become of tbi eftate and effefts of any debtor or debtors not got in, obtained, or recovered by any affignee or affignees cboje purjuant to the directions of tho foveral afls at the time of his or their death or deaths^ and wiofe heir or heirs, executors, admin ft rators, and afftgnSy re fit fed to aft or meddle therein \ to remedy which, be it enaded.

That in all fuch cafes it (ha)l and may be lawful to and for the If affignee* creditors of every fuch debtor or debtors to choofe a new	1°^trg

affignee or affignees in manner and form a$ hereinbefore ischoien. di reded, and to obtain a new affignment from the clerk of the peace or his deputy, town-clerk, or other officer ading as clerk of the peace, purfuant to the order of the juftices (and which faid order the faid juftices are hereby required and empowered to dired, on due proof on oath being made to them of the death of fuch former affignee or affignees and refuted of bis or

their

522 Anno rcgni quadrageiimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108. [1804.

Courts, oa complaint, jnay remorc affignees.

their heirs, executors, adminiftrators or affigns, to a& or meddle therein); and the faid clerk of the peace or his deputy, town-clerk, or other officer a&ing as clerk of the peace, are hereby I empowered to obey the fame, and execute fuch affignment i accordingly, in manner and form as if no former affigotnenc ! had ever been made, the faid affignee or affignees, clerk of the j peace or his deputy, town-clerk, or other officer a&ing as derk of the peace, are hereby empowered to obey the fame, amd execute fuch affignment accordingly, in manner and form ms if no former affignment had ever been made, the faid affignee or affignees, clerk of the peace or his deputy, town-clerk or other officer a&ing as clerk of the peace, hereby conforming to all orders and dire&ions made by this ad relative to them or any of them, and to be liable to all fuch pains and penalties as are infli&ed on them, or any of them, by this ad, for dtfobedience in any part thereof, or negled of duty whatever; and in cafe any fuch affignee or affignees (hall die, and his heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, (hall refufe to ad, that then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch juftices of the peace to appoint a new affignee or^affignees, with the like powers and authorities as are given by this ad, and the faid juftices Hull , have power, in a fummary way, to oblige the heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, of fuch affignee or affignees, to account and deliver up all fuch eftate and effeds as (hall refrain in his or their hands, to be applied for the purpofes of this ad.

LV1II. Jndy to the intent and purpofe that the ejlate end fffe&s vf fuch debtor or debtors as Jball be itfcbarged by virtue of this aQ may *be duly and faithfully applied for the benefit of bisy her, or their real creditors; be it enaded by the authority aforefaud. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the refpedive courts at Wefl~ minder and Dublin, and the courts of great feffions in fValiSy and the counties palatine of Chefier, Lancafter, and Durham refpe&ively, and the courts of limited jurifdi&ion in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, from whence any proceis iflued upon which any fuch debtor or debtors was or were committed, or, where the procefs iflued out of any other court, to and for the judges of the court of King’s*bench, common pleas, and exchequer, or of great feffions, or counties palatine afojefaid, within their refpedive jurifdi&ions, or any one of them, from time to time, upon the petition of any fuch debtor, or the creditor or creditors of fuch debtor, complaining of any inefficiency, fraud, mifmanagement, or other mifbehaviour of any affignee or affignees of the eftate or efie&s of any fuch debtor or debtors, to fummon all parties concerned, and upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and give fuch orders and dire&ions therein, either for the removal or dif-placing fuch affignee or affignees and appointing any new affignee or affignees in the place or ftead of fuch affignee or affignees fo to be removed or difplaced, and for the prudent, juft, and equitable management or diftribution of the eftate and effeds of any fuch debtor for the benefit of die refpec-

rive

1804.] Annoregni quadragcfimo quarto Georgii III. c. 108.	513

tive creditors, .as the laid courts or judges refpedtively (hall think fit; and in cafe of the .removal or difplacing of any affignee or affignees, and the appointing of any new affignee or affignees, the eftate or effedts of fuch debtor or debtors (halt from thenceforth be divefted out.of the affignee or affignees fo removed or difpJaced,'and be vefted in and delivered over to fuch new affignee or. affignees, in the fame manner, and for the fame intents and purpofes, as the fame were before vefted in the affignee or affigees firft chofen as aforefaid; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

. LIX. Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority Where mu-aforefaid. That in all cafes where mutual credit hath been tual credit given between any debtor who (hall be difcharged in purfuance ^vcn balance of this adt, and any other perfon or perfons, or bodies corporate to be Rated, or politick, before the delivery of fuch fchcdule or inventory of the eftate and effedts of fuch debtor or debtors, upon oath as aforefaid, the refpedtive affignee or affignees of fuch debtor or debtors is and are hereby authorifed and required on his and their parts to ftate and allow an account between them and the other party or parties concerned; and nothing more (hall be deemed to be vefted in fuch clerk of the peace or town-clerk, or other officer adting as clerk of the peace, or fuch affignee or affignees as aforefaid, as the eftate or effedts of fuch debtor or debtors, than what (hall appear to be juftly due to him, her, or them refpedtively, as and for the balance of fuch account when truly ftated.

LX. And whereas many perfons are often committed by the courts of law and equity for contempts, for not paying money ordered or awarded to be paid, and for not paying of cofts duly and regularly taxid and allowed by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that purpofe, and alfo upon the writ of excommunicato capiendo	♦

or other proceft for or grounded on the non-payment of money, coffin or e xpen ces, in fame caufa or proceeding in fame eccleftafticai courts or for contempt to fuch court relating thereto; it is hereby declared # and enadted, That all fuch perfons as have been lb committed	^

on or before the firft day of January one thoufand eight hun- monies108 dred and four, and have ever iince remained in cuftody under awarded, fucb commitment, are and (hall be entitled to the benefit' of this cofts, &c. act, on and fubjedt to the fame terms, conditions, and reftric-	^***

tions, as are herein expreflkd and declared with refpedt to pri-fonejs for debt only.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no No peHons perfon who (hall have taken the benefit of any adt heretofore the'bc^iefit^ pafled for the relief of infolvent debtors, or of the adt commonly an jnf0ivent called The Lords9 At7, within the fpace of five years laft pa ft, adt within ll'.all have or receive any benefit or advantage of or under this five years to act, nor be deemed to be within the intent and meaning thereof, ^^fV^acr0* fo as to be difcharged under the fame; any thing herein-before ^ a^B contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

LXII. And be it further cnadted by the authority aforefaid. Affirmation That in all cafes wherein by this adt an oath is required, the ^ takco”10

foletnn

5*4 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georoii m. e. 109. [1804.

folemn affirmation of any perfon being a quaker flail and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every period making fuch affirmation who (hall be convided of wilful and falfe affirmation, (hall incur and fuffer fuch and the fame penalties as are infli&ed and impofed by this aSt upon perfons convoked of wilful and corrupt perjury.

Future eftate LXIII. And be it further ena&ed, That nothing bemn* contained (hall be deemed or taken to difeharge the future uBd^This aft or cffedls, real or perfonal, of any perfon or perfons ditto be liable for charged under this ad, whether fuch perfon or perfons (hall or their debts, (hall not have been charged in execution of or from the pay-ment of any debts, damages, coifs, fum or fums of money, due, owing, or demandable, from any fuch perfon or perfons, or in refped of which fuch perfon or perfons was or were in cuftody; and all and every perfon and perfons entitled to receive or be

Said any fuch debt, damages, cofts, fqm or fums of money, fiaail ave all fuch and the like remedies in law and equity, agaioft fuch future eftate and effeds, but not agatnft the perfon of the party, for payment thereof, as he or they might have had if this ad had not been made; and in any cafe in which the payment or recovery of fuch demands or fjpms of money could, before the paffing of this ad, have been enforced only by cootmiu ment, either on the ground of contempt or otherwife, of the perfon liable thereto, the partv interefted therein (hall be and is hereby enabled to fue the perfon or perfons who ought to have paid the fame, for what (hall remain unsatisfied thereof, in like manner as if the fum remaining unfatisfied had been money lent and advanced by, or money had and received for the ufe of the perfon having fuch dematio, but (hall be entitled to recover or have execution out of or againft fuch future eftate and effeds otjly, and (hall not be entitled to arreft or take in execution the party againft whom fuch demand (hall be enforced.

Ad not to LXIv. Provided always, an*be it enaded, That nothing in extend to this ad contained (hall extend to that part of Great Britain called fecctland. Scotland.

CAP. CIX.

An aft to regulate the importation and exportation of corn, and the bounties and duties payable thereon. — [July 30, 1804.J

$1 Geo. j.

30.

WHEREAS an aft, pajfcd in the thirty flrfl year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An ad for regulating die importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on Britijb corn exported : and whereas it is expedient that fo much of the fold recited aft as regulates the prices at which British corn, grain, malty mealy flour, or bifeuit, may be exported, except to Ireland, and corny grain, meal, and flour imported\ except from Ireland, and alfo the duties and bounties payable thereon, except fuch duty or fum of money as may be payable in refpeft of the warehoufing of any com, be re-pealed, and that other provifms Jhould be made in relation to the

importation

1804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii III. c. 109. 525

importation thtnof into and bounties on importation thereof out of Great Britain, and that regulations Jhould alfo be made in relation to the exportation from and importation into Ireland, of corny grain9 malt9 mealy fioury and bifcuit; may it therefore pleafe your Ma* jetty that it may be ena&ed * and be it enaAed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the fifteenth day of November one thoufand eight *f ^^5*^ hundred and four, fo much of the faid recited ad of (he thirty-* as regulates firft year aforefaid, as regulates the prices at which Brittjh corn, the prices at grain, malt, meal, flour, and bifcuit, may be exported, except £hich c0™» to Ireland\ and at which foreign corn, grain, meal and flour, exported or maybe imported, (except from Ireland, and as fixes the duties imported, kc* and bounties payable thereon, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed* repealed, except fo for as the fame relates to any duty payable on any corn or grain in relpcdt of the warehoufing thereof.

II.	And be it further enabled, That, from and after the Importation

faid fifteenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred and apd exporta-four, the importation and exportation of corn, grain, malt, meal,	.

flour, and bifcuit into and from England and Wales, (hall be re* bytheave-gulated by the aggregate average price of corn, grain, and rage price of oatmeal, of the whde of the twelve maritime dtftri&s in England the maritime and Wales \ and the importation and exportation into and from diftri&fe Scotland (hall be regulated by the aggregate average price of

the whole of the four diftrids in Scotlandj fuch average price to be afeertained quarterly, weekly, and monthly from foch returns, and in fuch manner as is directed by the faid recited aft for afeertaining the average prices of corn, grain, meal, and flour; any thing in any adt or a£U to the contrary not* with (landing.

III.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the Bounties cm

laid fifteenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred and corn to be re-four, the feveral bounties fpecified in the fchedule to this a& SSSuvV \ annexed marked (A.), and no other, (hall be allowed and pay*	'	'

able and paid in refpe& of and upon Britijh corn, grain, malt,

meal, flour, and bifcuit, exported from Great Britain j and all fuch bounties (hall be allowed and payable and paid, and the exportation of Britijh corn, grain, malt, meal, and flour pro* hibited according to the prices and regulations of the faid table; any thing in the foid recited a& to the contrary notwithftandiog.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral and re- Duties oa

fpedtive duties fpecified and fet forth in the fchedule to this ad cor^?eSCil_ annexed marked (B.), and no other or different duties, except	/R	.

as-aforefaid, fhall be charged and levied upon and payable and

paid in refpedt of all corn, giain, meal, and flour, imported into Great Britain; and fuch duties (hall be charged and pay* able and paid according to the prices and regulations in the faid fchedule j any thing ip any ad or ads to the contrary not* withftanding.

V. And

Adt not to ex- V. And be it further enabled, That nothing in this ad contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to the exportation or importation of corn, grain, meal, or flour, from Greet Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain; and all Great Britain the powers, provifions; authorities, regulations, penalties, for-to Ireland, or futures, claufes, matters, and things in the faid ad or any to°GreataBri- fabfequent aft contained, and not hereby altered, varied, or tain 5 and the repealed, (hall extend, and be conftrued to extend, to this ad< and be ufed and applied in carrying the fame into execution, as fully as if the provifions and claufes and fchedules of this a St had made part of the faid ads, and as if the claufes of the faid ads had been feverally, as far as the fame were applicable, re* ena&ed in the body of this ad.

VI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That whenever the average prices for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, grain, meal, and flour, into and from Great Britain, (hall be under the prices at which the fame may be importable into Great Britain on the low duties from foreign Britrin Parts>	an<*	mzy	lawful	to	and	for any perfoo or

and Ireland on P*rfons to export any (uch corn or grain of Britijb growth, or the low du- any meal or flour made thereof, from Great Britain to Ireland; ties from fo- and in like manner, whenever the average prices for rego-excitation ^at*nS r^e importation and exportation of corn, grain, and Sail be allow- A°ur» into and from Ireland, (hall be under the prices at which cd from Great the fame may be importable into Ireland on the low duties from Britain to Ire- foreign parts, it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or

tend to exportation or importation of corn from

provifions of former ads to extend to this ad.

Whenever the average (hall be under the price 8 at which com may be itn-

land, &c.

perfons to export any fuch corn or grain of Irijb growth, or any meal or flour made thereof, from Ireland to Great Britain provided the fame be exported in Britijb or Irijb (hips owned and navigated according to law.

VII. And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the faid fifteenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred and four,

Importation and exportation of corn the importation of foreign corn, grain, meal, and flour, into

into and from	j	.u________________ r	fSa A—

Ireland to be regulated by fcnedule (C.) and (P.)

Ireland, and the exportation of Irijb corn, grain, malt, meal, flour and bifeuit, from Ireland, and the payment of the duties and bounties thereon, (hall be regulated according to the fchedules to this act annexed marked (C*) and (D.) refpec-tively, and the duties therein fpecifled (hall be charged and payable and paid, and the bounties therein fpecifled (hall be allowed and paid, according to the prices and regulations therein containedj any thing in any a£t or a&s relating to corn, grain, meal, or flour, imported into or exported from Ireland, to the contrary notwithftandrng.

VIII. And be it further cnadted, That all the provifions, etc. or former	■	.	.	*•	t .	.	T . .

adts extended P°wers, authorities, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures,

to this adt. claufes, matters, and things now in force in any act of parliament, in relation to the importation into Ireland or exportation from Ireland of any corn, grain, malt, meal, or flour, not contrary to the provifions of this a<5t, (ball extend, and bccon-flrued to extend, and be applied and enforced for the carrying

im#

x 804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgii HI. c. 109. 527

into execution the purpofes of this adl, in relation to the duties and bounties, and importation and exportation of corn, grain, meal, and flour, into and from Ireland refpe&ively, and regulations relating thereto, fpecified in the faid fchedules marked (C.) and (D.J, as fully and effe&ually as if the fame ivere repeated and re-enafled in and made part of the body of this a£k.

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULES to which |

SCHEDULE (A.)—Shewing the Prices to which the SCALE of BOUNTY

MEAL, MALT, &c. j and the Prices at

	WHEAT.	RYE.	PEAS  and  BEANS.	BARLEY. BEER, or BIGG or MALT made of BARLEY, BEER, or BIGG	71  h  1  1
When exported to any Foreign Country!		•	Exportable without bounty till at or under		
If at oPuoder per quarter	s. d.  48 0 - -	S. d.  32 0 - -	s, d•  35 0 - -	s. d.  28 0 - -	
					
BOUNTY - -	1	s. d.  - - 3 °	- - - -	s.i.  .-26	
Ifabove - - - -	54 O - -	35 0 - *	35 0 - -	31 0 -	
NO EXPORT ALLOWABLE.	>				

this Aft refers.*

is to attach on the EXPORT of CORN, GROUND CORN, FLOUR or which the EXPORTATION is prohibited.

OATS.	WHEAT* FLOUR, BISCUIT, &e.	WHEAT-  MEAL.	RYE MEAL, or  FLOUR.	BARLEY, BEER or BIGG MEAL.	OATMEAL.
4				-	
					
s. i. '		..	-	~	*
16 O - -	—		—	—•	—
K	>			-	... • i
s• d.	s. d.	S.d.	s. d	s. d.	s. d
- - 2 0	percwt, 1 6-	percwt. j 3	percwt. 0 9	percwt. 0 jo	percwt. 1; 0
-	.	-			
-	♦	-		- -	
		*			
19 O - -	"				
		• •			

• XLV,

* M M

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE (B.)—Shewing the Prices according to which High or

		WHEAT.	RYE,  PEAS aod BEANS.
When imported from the Province of Quebec, or the oth£r Britifti Colonies or Plantations in North America V  1  If under * - - per quarter Hioh duty - ditto		;•  53 - - - - -  x. d.  . - - - 24 3	X.  3S ... -x. a. - - - 22 0
If at, or above - per quarter but under - - ditto		H : --':	35 - * - ' 37 - * * *
FIRST LOW DUTY		.... a 6	- - - 1 6
If at, or above - per quarter		56 . - - -	37 - - - -
SECOND tow DUTY -		- . - - 0 6	- - - 0 3
When imported from any other foreign Countrys		J.	s.
If under - - - per quarter  HIGH DUTY -		63 . .  J. d	+2 - - - -  x. d.  - - . 22 0
If at, or above - per quarter but under - - - ditto		qs 0  1 t  •	1  •	1 1 1	1 1 1 1 • 1 1 1  **
FIRST LOW DUTY -		.... 2 6	- • -l6
If at, or above - per quarter		66 - - - -	44 - ' “ -
SECOND LOW DUTY -		- - - - 0 6	... 0 3
	IMPORTATION of Wheat, Meal, and Flour, to be governed as follows :  When imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other Britifh Colonies or Plantations in North America,  d  High Duty, per cwt. --66 Firft Low Duty, ditto - - i 6 Second Low Duty, ditto - o %		
	When imported from any other foreign Country,  /. d.  High Duty, per cwt. - - 6 6 Firft Low Duty, ditto - - i 6 Second Low Duty, ditto - x o  Malt made of Wheat - Prohibited.		Rye ground, or Malt made of Rye; Peafe ground, and Beans ground—-fto-  I hibited.

Low DUTIES are to take place on IMPORTATION.

BARLEY, BEER or BIGO.

S. d.

26 o

26 o 28 o

28 0

}. i.

-22 O

- i 3 “	®	3

s.	d.
31	6
31	6
33	0
33	0

t.

22 O

* 3 o 3

OATS,

OATMEAL.

i.

17 4 ;

a.

- 6 7

'7 -	-

l8 -

-	- I 0

18

-	- o 2

21

s. d.

-.67

21

22

- - I ©

22

-02

When imported' from the Proving of Qtpbec, or the other Britith Colonies or Plantations in North America:

If under -

Scotch Troy - - i

for ever boll,

high duty - -f at, or above - per boll but under -	-	ditto

FIRST LOW DUTY -

If at, or above - per boll

SECOND LOW DUTY

If at, or above but under •

IMPORTATION of Indian Corn or Maize, to be governed by the Price of Barley, ar follows:

When imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other Britifli Colonics or Plantations in North America,

' /. </. High Duty, per quarter - * %% o Firft Low Duty, ditto -	- i 3

Second Low Duty, ditto -03 When imported from any other foreign Country, j. d. High Duty, per quarter - - %% o Firft Low Duty, ditto -*13 Second Low Duty, ditto -03

Barley,Indian Corn or Maize, Beer or Bigg ground; and Malt made of Barley, Indian Com or Maize, Beer

_TV -	!»	J

t. d.

16 6

-	- 8 o

16 6

7 4

• * 1 o

7 4

-	- o 2

When imported from an other foreign Country:

If under - -	- per boll

HIGH DUTY -	-

per boll - ditto

FIRST LOW DUTY -

If at, or above - per boll

SECOND LOW DUTY

Malt!?ade	\Prohibited.

20

U d.

-	- 8 o

20

21

-10

21

-	- 0 6

SCHEDULE (C.)—-Shewing the Prices to which the SCALE of BOUNTY

MEAL) MALT, &c. from Ireland, and the Prices

	WHEAT.	RYE.	PEAS  and  BEANS.	BARLEY. | BEER, or BIGG: or MALT made of BARLEY, BEER, or BIGG.
When exported to any foreign Country,	*	-	-	-
If at, or under, per barrel, Britiflt - -	t. d. 29 $ - -	X. d.  20 4 - •	0	S' * P-  1  1	s. d. • 16 0 - _
bounty - British	1  1  tO J1 O	x. d. - - 1 10	X • d% - I 10	- - i 5
If above,per barrel, Britith	33 * - -	22 3 - -	22 3 - -	17 8 - -
' NO EXPORT ALLOWABLE.				•

k

is to attach on the EXPORT of CORN, GROUND CORN, FLOUR or at which the EXPORTATION is prohibited.

OATS.	WHEAT-FLOUR, BISCUIT, Ac.	WHEAT-  MEAL.	RYE-MEAL,  or  FLOUR.	BARLEY, BEER, or BIGG FLOUR.	OATMEAL.
/. d.					
IO 3 - -	•		*	-	
d.	s. d.	S • dt		j. d.	J. d.
--- 13	percwt. 1 6	percwt. 1 3	percwt. 0 9	perctotoro	percwt. 1 0
12 3 - -	—	—	_ —	—	—
		•			

534 Anno regni quadrageGmo quarto Gborgii III. c. 199. [1^04. SCHEDULE (D.) — Shewing (be Prices according to which the HIGH or

When Imported from the Province of Quebec, or the other Britilh Colonies or Plantationsm North America,	WHEAT.	RYE,  PEAS and BEANS.	
If under • - • per barrel, Britilh -  high duty - * Britilh -If at or above - - per barrel, Britifli -But under - - * * per D® Britilh -rxasT low duty - - Britilh -If at or above - - per barrel, Britilh -  SECOND LOW DUTY - Britilh -	J. d.  a* 7 - • f. d.  . - !4 IO  3* 7 ? -34 4 - -  -	- -i 6  34 4 - -  -	• - o 3	/. 4.  %% 3 - -  /. 4.  • - 14 0  ** 3 - • 13 6 * -  -	- - 0 11  S3 6 - -  -	- - 0 1 ^	
When Imported from any other Foreign Country, If under * * * per barrel, Britilh *	r. 4-  as * * -	36 8 - . •	
high duty - * Britilh *	/. d. - - - 14 io	/. / • - 14 0	
If at or above - « per barrel, Britilh -	3* « - "	»6 8 - -	
But under per barrdt Britilh -	40 6 - *	do*.	
YIRST LOW DUTY - Britilh -	---16	... 0 11	
If at pr above - per barrel( Britilh •	40 6 -	do*.	
SECOND LOW DUTY - Britifli -	... 0 3	1  *  1  0  M	

IMPORTATION of WHEAT, MEAI*,’ and FLOUR, to be governed as follow*:

When imported from Quebec, or tie other Britilh Colonies or Plantations in North America*

/. d*

High Duty, per cwr. -	6	6	Britifli.

Fiut Low Duty -	-	- t 6 - D®

Second Low Duty -	-	- o * - D»

^	When	imported	from	any	other	Foreign	Country.

j. J.

High Duty -	-	-	-66 Britilh.

Firft Low Duty •	-	* I 6 • D®

Second Low Duty	-	-	- i o - D°

Malt made of Wheat .............................................................Prohibited.

Rye ground, or Malt made of Rye $ Peas ground, and Beans ground - prohibited.

JDVT DUTIES are to take place on IMPORTATION into IRELAND.

BARLEY, BEER or BIGG.	OATS.		OATMEAL.			
Sm d.	J.	4.			j.	d.
14 9 * -	10	li • -	( If under, per cwt. of 11 albs, avoir- > I dupois - - - S	Britifh	13	%
/. d.		/. d.				
- - - sa 6	m	• 4 •	- - hioh duty - for every cwt.	Britifh	8	0
14 9 -	10	11 - •	If at or above * - par cwt*	Britifh	x3	a
16 0 •	11	7 - -	But under - - per cwt.	Britifh	13 xo	
- - - 0 8	-	1  1  0	* - FIRST LOW DUTY per CWt.	Britifh	1	0
16 0 - -	IK	7 - -	If at or above - - per cwt.	Britifh	>3	so
---ox	-	- - 0 1	- * SECOND LOW DUTY ptr CWt*	Britifh	0	a
j. d.	I*	4			s.	4.
V,  0  •  *	x3	6 - -	If under - per cwt.	Britifh	16	Q
s. d.		a. d.	•			
- - - is 6	- ■	- 4 •*	- . Blow DUTY '* - per cwt.	Britifh	8	0
18 0 • -	x3	6 - -	If at or above - - per cwt.	Britifh	16	O
18 10 - •	»♦	* • -	But under * - per cwt*	Britifh	16	9
- - - 0 8	*	• -» 0 7	* - FIRST LOW DUTY - pCT CWt.	Britifh	1	0
x8 10 • -	x4	a	If at or above - - per cwt*	Britifh	16	9
-•-01  I	-	- - 0 1	- - SECOND LOW DUTY per CWt.	Britifh	0	6

IMPORTATION of INDIAN CORN or MAIZE, to be governed the Price of

BARLEY as follows:

When imported from Quebec, or the other Brifilth Colonies or Plantations in North America,

/. d.

High Duty, per barrel -	-	15	*o Britifh.

Firft Low Duty, ditto •	-	o	to ditto.

Second Low Duty, ditto	<?	r» ditto*

When imported from any other Foreign Country,

/. d.

High Duty •	-	-	-	15	o Britifh.	*

Firft Low Duty -	-	-	o	10 ditto.

Second Low Duty -	-	-	o	a ditto.

Malt made of Oats

Prohibited.

Annoregni quadragcfimoquarto Geokgii III.c. iio. [1804.

CAP. CX.

An a£t for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the confolidated fund of Great Britain; and for applying a certain fum of money thereim-mentioned for the fervice of Great Britain, for the year one thoufand eight hundred and four; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament.—[July 31, 1804.]

5,000,000/. out of the confolidated fund may be ifiued towards the

«for Great Britain for 1804, and alfo 1,370,664/. 44. 8^ 19* furplui rtts for 1803. Monies railed by malt ad 44 Geo. 3. c. 16; by duty on penfions, See, 44 Geo. 3. c. 17. not exceeding a,000,006/.; and 8,000,000L by 44 Geo. 3. c. 45.; 1,500,000/. by 44 Geo. 3. c. 46.; by loan ad of 44 Geo. 3. c. 47. for 14,500,000/. after remittance to Ireland of 4,500,000/.; by lottery ad, after payment of one third of the profits for the fervice of Ireland; and 1,500,000/. by 44 Geo. 3. c. 81.; and <>370,664/. 4/. 8 d. 20. fur plus of grants; and 5,000,000/. out of the confolidated fund /hall be applied as hereafter exprdTed. Monies coming into the exchequer of Ireland by 44 Geo. 3. c. 47, c, 48. c. 93. and c.97. fliall be carried to the confolidated fund of Ireland, and applied as hereafter 'exprefled.* 11,350,606/. 7/. 6d. for naval fervices, viz. 2,405,000/. for wages of 100,000men, including 11,000 marines for 13 lunar months; a,470,00c/. for their vidualling; 3,900,000/. for wear and tear of fliips; 315,000/. for ordnance for fea fervice ; 1,010,670/. 94. 9d. for ordinary of the navy for 1804.; 948,520/. for building and repairing Blips of war for 1804; 709,249/. 9J. 8d. for tranfports tor 1804; 120,166L 84. \d. for prisoners of war in health for 1804; 42,000/. for fick prifooers of war for 1804$ 310,000/. for increafe of the naval defence lince May 15, 1804. 2,500,000/. for Great Britain; and 800,000/. Iri(b for Ireland, for fuch meafures as exigencies may require. 19,108,859/. jj. ici. for land fervice, viz. 4,176,624/. 12/. 8d, for 119,039 effective men in Great Britain and Ireland; 1*1741509/- i6j. bd* for forces in the plantations. See. for 1804; 19,859/. J4j. 9d. for parties in Great Britain, recruiting for regiments in Eaft India for 1804; 180,000/. for recruiting and contingencies of forces in Great Britain and on foreign ftations for 1804 ; 154,647/. 3J. lod. for general ftaff and hofpital officers in Great Britain for 1804; 1,791,613/. 7j. 6d. for the militia and fenciblesin Great Britain and Ireland for 1804; 115,793/. 14j. 6d. for cloathing of the mHitiaio Great Britain for 1804; 61,119/. 7/. for contingencies of militia and fencibics in Great Britain and Ireland for 1804; 1,020,567/13/. 1 id. for volunteers in Great Britain and Ireland for 1804; 98,635/. irr. W. for recruiting and contingencies of forces in Ireland lor 1804; 61,037/. 3/. 9d. for general and ftaff officers and the medical board in Ireland for 1804; 33.464/. 74. for fupernumerary officers for 1804; 167,059/. 11. 34/. for publick departments in Great Britain and Ireland and for exchequer-fees for £804; 455,464/. 9J. 3d. for increafed rates for quartering foldicrs, lodging-money in Scotland, and allowance for fmall beer, and allowance while on a march in Ireland for 1804: 189,115/. iu. 5^. for half-pay to reduced officers of the land forces and marines for 18045 5*665/. 8j. 6/. for military allowances to reduced officers of the land forces for 18045 50,000/. for reduced officers of Briiifti American forces for 18045 1,000/. for officers late in the fervice of the States General for 1804: 245,048/. 15J. 8d. for Chelfea and Kiliminhara hofpitils for 1804; 27 801/. iu 5^. for officers* widows in Great Britain and Ireland for 1804; 461,887L 6s. io</. for the barrack department in Ireland for 18045 *3*53^/ 9** 3** for hofpital expences in Ireland, and the royal military infirmary in Dublin for 1804; 500.000/. for volunteer corps in Great Britain for 1803; 570,000/. for 1804; $21,262/. 19s. 1 id. for foreign corps in 18045 5,854J. 19/. 1 d. for garrifon companies in Weft Indies and America tor 1804 j 100,000/. for military augmentation in Great Britain and Ireland for 1804; 2,183,950/. for the barrack department in Great Britain for 1804; 339*^07/' *8.f 7d, for army cxtraordiniries for 1803; 1,400-000/. foi ditto in Great Britain, and 600,000/. for ditto in Ireland tor 1804.

a>954,i4»/*

: 804.] Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Gborgti III. c. x10. 537

,954,141/. 5j. for ordnance for land fervice in Great Britain for 18043 .I3>7*9/- As* %d. for ditto in 18035 304,615/. 7/. 8d. for ditto in Ireland or 18045 64*615/. 7s, %d. for ditto inireland for 1803. 5,000,000/. for lifcbarging exchequer-bills made out under 43 Geo. 3. c. 93. 3,000,000/. or difeharging ditto made out under 43 Geo. 3. c. 36.	1,500,000/. for

iiiicharging ditto made out under 43 Geo. 3. c. 147. 1,500,000/. for lifcharging ditto made out under 43 Geo. 3. c. 146. 1,700,000/. Irilh urrency for difeharging treafury bills due in Ireland for 1804. 591,841/. ix. lod. 37. for debt of the civil lift on July 5, 1804. 6,313/. u. 8d.

Tued purfoant to addrefles of the Houle of Commons. 8,798/. iu. fTucd purfuant to ditto. 8,050/. for the civil eftablilhment of Upper Canada for 1804. 7,165/. for ditto of Nova Scotia. 4,650/. for ditto of Wew Brunfwick. 1,300/. for ditto of the I (land of Saint John in America.

1,040/. for ditto of Cape Breton. 1,715/. for ditto of Newfoundland. r>iooL for ditto of the Bahama Hlands. 580/. for ditto of the Bermudas >r Somers Hlands. 600/. for ditto of the Hland of Dominica. 10,049/. is. $d* f°r ditto of New South Wales. 28,000/. for ditto of Sierra >one. 18,000/. for forts in Africa. ^8,000/. for bills from New South iVales. 149,111/. for the French, Toulonefe, Corfican, and Dutch emi-;ranta and American loyalifts for 1804. 40,847/. 9/. for convidts at lome for 1804. 433/* 19}. 3d. 2q. for expences at the parliament office n 1803. *19/* 6j. to John Clementfon in lieu of apartments at the Houle >f Commons. 5,300/. 9j, 6d. for additional allowances to clerks in the luditor's office to Odt. 10, 1803. 2,701/. 9/. to Lord Waliingham as h airman of the committees of the Lords in 1803. 649/. *s. for the Thames police office. 248/. iu. 6d. for repairs of Port Patrick. 439/. i8j. or making an Index to the Journals of the Houfe of Lords. 265,336/.

4j. 10d. 27. for (hips &c. taken at Toulon. 150,000/. for fecret fervice or 1804. 412,000/. for fums awarded under the 7th article of the treaty kf America. 3,000/. to the Britilh Mufeuro. 8,000/. to ditto. 11,280/. s- 2d. for the Royal Military College. 32,600/. for the Royal Military \fylum at Chelfea. 16,625/. for printing Journals of the Houfe of Commons, Votes, Ac. 2,500/. for printing the 57th volume of the fournals of the Houfe of Commons. 10,000/. for reprinting Journals9 ndexes, and Reports of the Houfe of Commons. 1,767/. 15j. 10d. for rxpences in 1803 under the commiffion for publiihing the records of the kingdom. 8,589/. 5/. for fuperintendence of aliens. 1,609/. 19/. 4d, for >rofe cut ions relating to the coin in 1803, 1,700/. for ditto in 1804*

; 0,000/. for an inland navigation from the Eaftern to the Wcftem Sea. rx,34 5/. for works done at the two Houfes of Parliament and at the speaker’s. 741/. iu. for work done adjoining the old Chapter-Houfe at Veftminfter. 3,010/. for repairs at the King’s-Bench Priion. 30,000/. or the works at Chetney Hill. 3,000/. for the Board of Agriculture.

[,269/. 2/. for convidts at home in 1803. 10,000/. for relief of the inha*

>itants of Shetland. 10,000/. for the inhabitants of Orkney. 10,000/. or roads and bridges in the highlands of Scotland. 4,160/. 131. 6d re-nitted to Ireland for the prefbyterian mini iters of Ulfter and Munfter.

,100/. for digefting and abftra&ing poor returns. 5,285/. i8j. 9d. for idditional allowances to clerks in the auditor's office to April 5, 1804.

1,099/. X9J* 9d> for the furniture of the Irifh office in Great, George street, Weftmioftcr. 649/. 4*- for the Thames police-office. 4541 for naking up and publiihing weekly returns of the average price of lugar to Ddt. 1,1803. 3,000/. for fees on palling publick accounts. 5,387/. 41. to r. Macdonald efquirc as commiffioner under the American treaty. r,o6o/. 10J. for expences under alt for inquiring into naval abufes. 560/. or expences relative to the impi ovement of the port of London. 1.500/. or the Veterinary College. 5,531/. 17/. 6d. for land at Weeden Beck for ordnance. 4*871/. u. Ad* for lofles of Sir James Wright an American oyalift. 745/. 6j. 10d. for ftationary for the court of eyxhequer. 11,600/. for printing and ftationary for the noufts of parliament. 7,500/. for law charges. 3,905/. for officers of the Houfes of Lords and Commons.

7,000/. for the publick office in Bow-Street. 5,945/* 10j. for proteftant di (Tenting miniiters and French proteftants. 5,250/. for melfcngers of the fecrctarics of (tale, 6,965/. for contingencies of ditto. 7,371/. 15j. od. 27.

to

5^8 Anno regni quadragefimo quarto Georgn III. c. no. [1804,

to iheriffs for conri&ion of felons, &e. 914/. for minifters of (t&c Vandois churches. 7,066/. 6j. id* for land* at Woolwich and Chariton. 5.000/. for roads in North Britain. 3x3/. 16/. xx</. to S. Moore e/qnire for pre-' paring pnblick accounts of Ireland to be laid before parliament% ssi/. 101. 9d. to John Smart efquire for ditto* 1S4/. 1 ar. 4d, to Paul Lc Baa efquire for keeping corn bounties accounts. 930/. 15/. $d. to R. MarfhaU efquire for preparing accounts of imports and expons of Ireland for parliament* 184/. its. 44/. to R. Wethers!) for preparing accounts for parliament* 184/. stj. 4d. to G. Hatton efquire for the fame. 138/. 91. yL to S. Hood for the fame. 184L its. 4/. to T. Haffield efijunre for the fame. 13:076/. i8j. 6d. for expences of civil buildings in Ireland. 830^ 15/. 6d. for printing and binding a£ts of the parliament of the United Kingdom. 6,485/. 191. nd. for proclamations and adverti&ments in the Dublin Gazette, &c. 18.840/. for printing, ftatiqnary, dec. for the chief and under fecretaries. oncers, &c. in Ireland. 1,846/. 5* id. for tret-fury incidents in Ireland. 4,615/. 7/. &/. tq* for apprehendHig pobBdt offenders in Ireland. 93 076/. 18/. 6d. for criminal prosecutions, dec. in Ireland. 966/. 184. 7d. tq for expence of pratique in the port of Dublin. 1,993/. 7Si 10d. for expenditures at the gold mines in the comity of Wicklow. 683/. u. €d. %q. for doathiftg the battle-axe guards. 1,0oil oj. 3d. for doathing his Majefty’s heralds foe. in Ireland. 4*615/. 7/. 8d. iq. for building churches &c. in Ireland. 4,153/. 16*. xid. for widening ftreets in Dublin. 9.930/. 15/. $d. for paring See. the facets of Dttbfci. 5*076/. 8s. 6d. to the Dublin iociety for promoting husbandry foe. 4,153/ 164. ud. for additional buildings at the repofitory of the Dublin Society, for. 1,846/- 3s. id. for expences of the forming fociety of Ireland. 19*93&/• 9'- 3d* for the linen and hempen manufactures in Ireland, v 18,580/. 18/. %d. for promoting Engliih proteftant fchooto in Ireland. 369/. 4/. 7^. 99. fer the office of the commiffioners of charitable dona-tioas. 923/* Un 6d• to the allocution for difcountcnancing vice, kc. x, 118/. 194. 8<A 39. for the female orphan-houfe near Dublin. 1,615/. 7«. 8dm 19. for a penitentiary in Dunlin. 20,769/* 4j* 7d- iq. for the foundling hofpital in Dublin* 1,788/. 13J. 6d. iq. for the Hibernian ma. rifle fociety in Dublin. 4,153/ 16s. 10d. for the Hibernian fchool for fob diers’ children. 6,671/. u 6J. %q* for the lock hofpital in Dubfin. 475L *6/. 2d. 39. for the fever hofpital in Dublin. 16.984/. 9s. &d. 09. for the houlcof mdultry in Dublin* 7*384/. 12/. 4for the Roman Catbobck feminary in Ireland. 2,136/. i8j. i id. iq. for the Lying-in Hofpital in Dublin* Supplies not to be applied to any otner than the authorifcd piirpofes. Rules to be obferyed in the application of the fom appropriated for half-pay. Officers employed on the ftaff or in garrifons may receive their half-pay on taking the oath mentioned in this afo. By 45 Geo* 3* c. 169. a certain fum was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers, the overplus of which may be difpofed of aa his Majefty &afl judge proper.

k

INDEX

INDEX OF ACTS,

.. PASSED IN THE

FORTY-FOURTH YEAR OF KING GEORGE III.

Shewing whether they relate to the Whole or any Part, of the United Kingdom, v/z*

B.	Aiat	the	A3	relates	to	England.

E. See. ....... . England, Wales, and Berwick.

S. .........	.	Scotland.

G.B..................Great Britain; or England and Scotland*

I. • ................Ireland.

tJ.K. ........ • The Whole of the United Kingdom.

A.

BUSES ini publick Offices, &c. Accounts Publick. See P.

Additional permanent Force. See Military Forte. Ale Licences. See Excife Licences.

Annuities Publick'. See Loans.

Additional on certain Stock -	-

-------—■ Private. See Kilwarden, Lady*

Appropriation of Supplies, See. -	-	-

Army. See Military Force.

Attornies. See Indemnity.

Aylefauy -	-	*	-	-

B.

Bank Rejtri&ion ~	~ -

(Andy** Dollars.)

Bark -	-	-

Bills of-Exchange. See Promiflory Notes,

Bonds. See E&.India Company. '

Britsih Currency. See Currency.

:	c.	-

Caledonian Canal ~	*	-	-

Civil Lift	~	*	-

Clergy (Orders) ------

(See alfo Curates.)

Coaches. See Hackney Coaches.

Corn, Importation and Exportation, Prohibition, kc. -

----Intercourfe

----Importation and Exportation Bounties and Duties

(See *lfi Indemnity.)

Cotton Manufactures

Cap.

106.

L

99. G.B.

no, U-K.

6a E»

( 1. B.

l*i. I.

85. G?B.

6a. S.

80. U. K, 43. U.K.

4. G.B.

12. I.

6c. G.B. &r. 109. U.K.

87. E. Countervailing

INDEX OF ACTS.

Countervailing Duties -	-	-	.	-

-------------------— on Malt -	-

--------------- ■■ —-------- repealed

County Police	-

Creditors	-

Criminals (Apprehenfion and Efcape of) Curates’ Relief	-

Currency Britifti (frith Duties payable in) Cuftoms (Additional) -

.------and Excife (Confolidation)

■	Additional

-------------------Regulations (additional)

-—............ —	—	—	■	(continuing)

D.

Deacons. See Clergy.

Debtors. See Infolvents.

Defence of the Realm -

-------(And See Military Force.)

Denmark. See Mint Machinery.

Defertion. See Seamen.

Diftillation from Oats -

---------------------- repealed	-	,	-

Docks. See Warehoufing.

Dollars (Counterfeiting) -Dublin, Archbilhop’s Palace -

E.

Eaff-India Company (Bonds)

■	 Prize	Goods	-

Efcape. Seamen, Offenders.

Exchequer Bills. See Loans.

Excife (Wine) -

------Licences -	-

{Aod/ee alfi Cuftoms.)

Expiring Laws -

Exportation Duty. See Linen Manufa&ure.

F.

Fees -	-	-	‘	-

Fiffieries. Greenland (Men)

---------------------(Regulation)

•------- (Britifh) -	-

-------( Salt Duty free)	-

Foreign Ships (Importation of Hides, &c. in) Foreign Soldiers (Enliftment)

Franking Letters. See Poftage.

G.

Geneva. See Maidffone Geneva.

Greenland Filhery. -

Habeas Corpus

(And fee Traitors.)

L

H.

-	sL } 8. >G.B.

- 89-	)

-	90.

-	*4-

-	9a-

2.

-	67.

-	- . S3-

- a6,»7,

-	-	67.

103

•	-	105

*L

I.

S.

UJL

E.

I.

G.B.

:r

95. U. K.

yi. U.1L

-	-	63.	I.

-	-	j.	G.B.

•	-	72.	&

49. G.B. SS* *»

-	XO6.

-	a3-

35.86-

-	35*

-	*9*

-	75-

I.

G.B.

G.B.*

G.B.

G.B.

U.K.

ux

23. G. B. 102. E.&I.

Hackney

INDEX OF ACTS,

Hackney Coaches -	•	-	-	-	-	-	8§.	E.

Highways -	-	-	-	-	-	52.	E.

. ; ■	1/

Importation. See Foreign Ships, Neutral Ships.

Indemnity, Neutral Ships »	-	-	-	*	*	30.	U.K.

------------Oats	-	-	-	-	...	-	11.	I.

-----------Offices,'&c. -	-	.	- -	-	-	7.	U.K.

------------Seed	Com	-	-	-	-	-	22.	G. B.

-----------Soldiers (foreign) -	-	'	-	~	-	-	-	75-	U.K.

------—----Solicitors, Attormes, &c.	-	-	-	-	-	59.	G. B.

Innkeepers (Soldiers) * -	*	-	-	-	‘	-	-	*	-	-	38.	E.

Infoivent Debtors	-	108.	U.K.

Iriih Militia to Great Britain. See Militia.

K.	' .

Kilwarden (Lady) -	-	*	-	-	-	-	-	76.	I.

King. See York (Duke of)

L.

Leather Manufkdurer. See Bark.

Linen Manufacture -	-	■	-

------Exemption from Export Duty -

Liverpool, . See Raft-India Prize Goods.

Loans, Annuities, Exchequer Bills, &c.

£. 5,000,000 (On Aids of 1804)	-

2.000. 000	(Ditto.)	. -.	-

8.000.	000 (For Service of 1804)

i. 1,500,000	(Ditto.)	*

£.14,500,000 (Annuities -	-	-	. -

£.4,500,000, (Part thereof) -£. 1,250,000 (I.C.) by Annuities or Debentures £. 2,000,000 (Exchequer Bills)

?. 2,500,000 (Exigencies) -£.	800,000	(I.C.)	Treafury	Bills

London. See Military Force. -

London Docks -	-........................

(And fee Warehoufing.)

Lotteries

Loyalty Loan. See Annuities.

-	42,69. I.

-	57.	U.K

-	• w	1 j.	G. B.

-	-	31.	G.B.

-	-	4c.	G. B.

-	46.	G.B.

47.. G.B. 47 $ 12, 20. I.

-	-	48.	I.

-	-	73.	G.B.

81. G. B. .	.	97.	1.

- 100. E.

.	-	93.	U.K.

M,

Maid done Geneva	- ’

Malt, Annual Duties -

(And fee Cuftoms and.Exciie.)

------Importation of

Malta - ' -Man, Ifle of

Marriages -	-

Militia, Allowances,* (Adjutants,"&c.)

•----------(Subalterns)

Augmentation	*

Families (Amendment)

35* G. B. 16, 17. G.B. a8. J.

89. I.

'* 4. U.K. 86. G. B. 77. E.&c. f 40. E.

\ 4X* I-51. G.B. 33. L

3d. I. Militia, Irifh

INDEX OF ACTS.

jbiilitia, Irifh to Great Britain -	-	-	*

Officers -	-'	-	-

Pay and Cloathing.........................

Keduflion of •	-	•	#>	•	•

Military Force (Additional)

—-------------------(London)

Mint Machinery Exportation * Mutiny A ft (Army)

-----------(Marines)

0	1  •	3**	UX
		5®-  39-	G.B.  G.B.
		A1'	I»
		56.	K.
m	f «  1	>66.	S.
**	1  - -	&	B.  S.
m	1  0-		L  E.
m		70.	UX
		19*	UX
m	m	ftQ.	UX

N.

Navigation. See Caledonian Canal, Foreign Ships, Neutral Ships, Neutral Ships (American or Weft-Jndia Produce,) -	3°*

(And fee edfo Foreign Ships.)

Newfoundland Trade, See Paffengers.

P.

Oak Bark. See Bark.

Oats. See Diftillarion.

Offenders (efcaping) *	-	-	*	*	\

Offices Publick -Oil. Sew Rape Seed.

-----Newfoundland •	**-«*-«*

Orders. See Clergy,

Ordnance (Northamptonflrire) -	-

■ ■■ (Chatham* Woolwich,) &c*	-	-	*

r

P*

Parliament. See Aylelbury, Publick Accounts*

Paffttfigers to Foreign Parts -	-	-	-	*

Petitions, Ac. (Annual Duty.) -	-	*	-	*

Permanent Additional Force. See Military Force.

Portugal Wine. See Wine.

Pottage Duty Exemption *	-	*	*

Prieflts. See Clergy,

Promiffory Notes (for limited Sums) -	*	-	-

Property Tax (Amendment)	- -	-

{And fee Eaft-India Bonds.)

Provilions, Importation, Ac. of	- -	*

Publick Accounts...............................

R.

Rape Seed -

Rebellion (Suppreffion of) - ' -Revenue, Mode of Payment *

—i Regulation -

(See sdfo Cuftomt and Excite)

U.K. 106. L

35. G.B*

79*'<>7

^iB-

44-

*7*

UX

G.B.

-	84.	UX

f 4. G.B. I 6,91. L 3 7,83,83. G.B*

f 4. G.B.

I 12 I. 58,106. I.

*	}$•	6* B*

-	9.	I.

-	67.	L

103,105. I.

Salt.

1ftDEX OF AC?S*

. £ Salt, (andy** Filheries.)

Seal Skins •	*	»

Seamen (Defertion or Efcape of)

Ships. Set Foreign Ships, Neutral Ships.

IS Notes } ** Proraiffory Note*.

Snuff (Annual Duties) *	•

Soldiers. Set Foreign Soldiers.

Spaniih Wine. Stt Wine.

Spirits (warehoufing)

Stages. Stt Hackney Coaches. Stamp-Dudes	-

—-------------Confolidation

Statute-Duty. Set Highways.

Sugar (Annual Duties)

- (Drawbacks and Bounties) -(Plantation waxehonfing)

T.

Taxes. Stt Cuftoms and Excife, Property Tax, Stamps, See. Tobacco (Annual Duties)

Tokens. See Dollars.

Traitors (Securing)	-	*	~	*

Treafury Bills. Stt Loans.

U&V.

Volunteers (explaining 42 and 43 Geo. 3.)	-

----------Confolidaung	former	Afb	-

....	   -amended	,	-

W.

Warehoufing Goods	*

-------------Spirits	i-

(Ste eu/o Wine.)

Wefiminfter Court-houfe -	.	-

Wine (warehoufing) -t (See alfi Excife.)

Woollen Manufacture -	-

Cap.

ICI.

35*

»3*

U.K.

G.B.

U.K*

i£. G.B.

104. G.B.&I.

68. I.

98. G. B.

17. G.B.

\ 5. G.B*

I 10. 'I.

36. G.B.

17. G.B.

8. I.

34. >G.BL 94* J

100. E,

104. G.B.&L

61. E.

14. UX

64. E.

Y.

Yeomanry. Set Volunteers.

York (Duke of)	-	*5*	G-S*

£XD OF PART I. VOL. XLV.