THE

Statutes at large,

FROM THE

30th to the 33d Year of King George II.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES during that Period.

VOL. XXII.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's-Inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan's Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1766.

CUM PRIVILEGIO

A

TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all such Acts as are extant in print, from the Thirtieth to the Thirty Second Year of King George II. inclusive.

Anno 30 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. To prohibit, for a time to be limited, the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit and starch.

Cap. 2. To make provision for the quartering of the foreign troops in his Majesty's service, now in this kingdom.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and for discharging certain arrears of land taxes incurred before the time therein mentioned; and for the more effectual collecting of arrears for the future.

Cap. 4. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and concerning the interest to be paid for monies to be borrowed as well on the credit of this act, as on the credit of an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax.

Cap. 5. For granting to his Majesty a sum not exceeding one million fifty thousand and five pounds, and five shillings, to be raised by way of lottery.

Cap. 6. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 7. To discontinue for a limited time the duties upon corn and flour imported; and also upon such corn, grain, meal, bread, biscuit and flour, as have been or shall be taken from the enemy, and brought into this kingdom.

Cap. 8. For the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty's land forces and marines.

Cap. 9. To prohibit for a limited time the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, starch, beef, pork, bacon, and other victual (except fish and roots and rice, to be exported to any port of Europe southward of Cape Finisterre) from his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America, unless to Great Britain or Ireland, or to some of the said colonies and plantations; and to permit the importation of corn and flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral ships; and to allow the exportation of wheat, barley, oats, meal and flour, from Great Britain to the isle of Man, for the use of the inhabitants there.

Cap. 10. To prohibit for a limited time the making of low wines and spirits, from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from any meal or flour.

Cap. 11. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 12. To amend an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to render more effectual an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George, to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the woollen manufactures, and for better payment of their wages; and also an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, for the better regulation of the woollen manufacture; and for preventing disputes among the persons concerned therein; and for limiting a time for prosecuting for the forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid act, in case of payment of the workmens wages in any other manner than in money.

Cap. 13. To rectify a mistake in an act passed this session of parliament, intituled An act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty's land forces and marines.

Cap. 14. For continuing an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the duties upon corn, and flour imported; and also upon such corn, grain, meal, bread, biscuit and flour, as have been, or shall be taken from the enemy, and brought into this kingdom.

Cap. 15. For continuing an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act to prohibit, for a limited time the making of low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain; or from any meal or flour.

Cap. 16. To extend the liberty granted by an act of the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, of importing bar iron from his Majesty's colonies in America, into the port of London, to the rest of the ports of Great Britain; and for repealing certain clauses in the said act.

Cap. 17. For the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown silk.

Cap. 18. For the relief and encouragement of the captors of prizes, with respect to the hringing and landing prize goods in this kingdom.

Cap. 19. For granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon indentures, leases, bonds and other deeds; and upon news papers, advertisements and almanacks; and upon licences for retailing wine; and upon coals exported to foreign parts; and for applying, from a certain time, the sums of money arising from the surplus of the duties on licences for retailing spirituous liquors; and for raising the sum of three millions, by annuities, to be charged on the said rates, duties and sums of money; and for making perpetual an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better regulation of attornies and solicitors; and for enlarging the time for filing affidavits of the execution of contracts of clerks to attornies and solicitors; and also the time for payment of the duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of clerks and apprentices.

Cap. 20. More effectually to prevent the spreading of the distemper now raging amongst the horned cattle in this kingdom.

Cap. 21. For the more effectual preservation and improvement of the spawn and fry of fish in the river of Thames, and waters of Medway; and for the better regulating the fishery thereof.

Cap. 22. To explain and amend an act made in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, to prevent the misbehaviour of the drivers of carts in the streets in London, Westminster, and the limits of the weekly bills of mortality; and for other purposes in this act mentioned.

Cap. 23. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 24. For the more effectual punishment of persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, possession of goods or money, by false or untrue pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of goods; for the easy redemption of goods pawned; and for preventing gaming in publick houses by journeymen, labourers, servants and apprentices.

Cap. 25. For the better ordering of the militia forces in the several counties of that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 26. For granting to his Majesty certain sums of money out of the sinking fund; and applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, and the savings out of the monies granted in this session of parliament for the pay of the troops of Hanover, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for relief of Claud Johnson, with respect to a bond entered into by him, for securing the duties on tobacco imported by George Buchanan and William Hamilton.

Cap. 27. For enlarging the times for the first meetings of of or trustees for putting in execution certain acts of this session of parliament.

Cap. 28. To render more effectual the several laws now in being for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom.

Cap. 29. To indemnify persons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing, or running of prohibited, uncustomed, or other goods or merchandize, upon certain terms therein mentioned.

Cap. 30. For allowing a further bounty on vessels employed in the white herring fishery; for giving liberty to alter the present form and size of the nets used in the said fishery; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 31. To explain, amend and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the churchwardens, overseers and inhabitants of the parish of Saint Saviour in the borough of Southwark in the county of Surrey, to hold a market within the said parish, not interfering with the high street in the said borough.

Cap. 32. For draining and preserving certain marshland fen lands and low grounds in the parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 33. for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the several parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wistow, Warboys, Farceitt, Standground and Water-newton in the county of Huntingdon, and of Doddington in the isle of Ely and county of Cambridge.

Cap. 34. To enable the commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, to widen the street or avenue leading from Cockspur Street, to the passage in Spring Garden, near Saint James's park.

Cap. 35. For draining and preserving certain fen lands lying in the South Level, part of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between Brandon River and Sams's Cut Drain; and for impowering the governor, bailiffs and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the said great level, to sell certain lands within the said limits, commonly called Invested Lands.

Cap. 36. For draining and preserving certain fen lands, low grounds and commons in the townships or hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the parish of Upwell in the isle of Ely and county of Cambridge.

Cap. 37. For enlarging the times limited for executing and performing several provisions, powers and directions in certain acts of this session of parliament.

Cap. 38. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair several roads in and near to the town of Tenbury in the counties of Salop, Worcester and Hereford.

Cap. 39. For repairing and widening several roads leading to, thro' and from the town of Frome in the county of Somerset; and for giving further powers to the trustees in an act passed in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the roads from the town of Warminster in the county of Wilts, to the city of Bath in the county of Somerset, and other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 40. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by two acts of parliament, one passed in the third, and the other in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from a gate called Shipston Toll-gate at Bridgetown in the parish of Old Stratford in the county of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Stower, to the top of Long Compton Hill in the said county of Warwick; and also for repairing the road leading from the first mile-stone standing on the said Shipston road, through a lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickleton and Chipping Campden, to a place called Andover's Ford, in the county of Gloucester.

Cap. 41. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the turnpike road at the bottom of Shaw Hill, in the parish of Melksham, through Googes Lane, Corsham, Biddestone, and West Yatton, to the turnpike road at Upper Combe, in the parish of Castlecombe, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 42. For the ascertaining and collecting the poor's rates; and for the better ordering and regulating the poor in the parish of Saint Luke, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 43. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the town of Hitchin in the county of Hertford, through the town of Shefford and Carrington Cotton End, to a lane opposite a farm house called Saint Leonard's, leading into the turnpike road from Saint Alban's, to the town of Bedford; and also the road from the turning-out of the aforesaid road into Henlow Field, to Gerford Bridge; and also the road from the town of Henlow, over Henlow Bridge, to Arlesey in the county of Bedford.

Cap. 44. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road, leading from Burleigh Bridge in the the town of Loughborough, to Ashby de la Zouch, in the county of Leicester.

Cap. 45. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the east end of the town of Hertford, in the county of Hertford, through Watton, to Broadwater; and from the town of Ware, through Watton, to the north end of the town of Walkern in the said county.

Cap. 46. For amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in repair, the road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Bricker's Barn, in the parish of Corsham, in the county of Wilts, to Bath-Easton Bridge, in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 47. For making the river Blyth navigable from Halesworth Bridge, in the county of Suffolk, into the haven of Southwould.

Cap. 48. For repairing and widening the road from Towcester, through Silverston and Bradley, in the county of Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to Weston Gate, in the parish of Weston on the Green, in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 49. For repairing and widening the road from Markfield turnpike, in the county of Leicester, over Charley, otherwise Charnwood forest, through the town of Whitwick; and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the road leading from the town of Loughborough, to the town of Ashby de la Zouch in the said county, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a place called Snape Gate.

Cap. 50. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the village of Milford, in the county of Surry, thro' Petworth, to the top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the county of Susex.

Cap. 51. For explaining and amending several acts of parliament for repairing the roads between a place called the White Post, on Alconbury Hill and Wanford Bridge, in the county of Huntingdon, and between Norman Cross Hill, in the said county, and the city of Peterborough, with respect to the elections of new trustees, the power of compelling persons employed by the trustees In the execution of such acts, to deliver up such books and papers relating thereto as are in their custody, and also to the manner of summoning and holding the meetings of the trustees.

Cap. 52. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road leading from the north end of the Cow Cawsey, near the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the town of Belford; and from thence to Buckton Burn, in the county of Northumberland; and for making the same more effectual.

Cap. 53. For enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts of parliament, one passed in the fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George, and the other in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways from Crown Corner in the town of Reacting, leading by and through the several parishes of Shinfield and Heckfield, in the several counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 54. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by two several acts, passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the roads from a place called The Red House, near Doncaster, to Wakefield, and through the said town of Wakefield, by Dewsbury, Hightown, and Lightcliss, to the town of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York; and the other for repairing the road from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a place called Weeland, in the township of Hensall, and from Pontefract to Wentbridge, in the township of Darrington in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 55. For rebuilding the bridge over the river Ribble, between the townships of Preston and Penwortham, near a place called The Fish House, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 56. For rebuilding and keeping in repair the Shire hall of the county of Warwick.

Cap. 57. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow, so far as the same relates to certain roads mentioned in the said act; and also to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow; and to repair several other roads leading into the said city; and for building a bridge cross the river of Inchinnan.

Cap. 58. For enlarging the term, and amending and altering several powers granted by an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the haven of Southwould, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 59. For building a bridge over the river Lea, at or near a place called Jeremy's Ferry; and for making, repairing, and widening, roads from thence into the great roads at Snaresbrook in the county of Essex, and at Clapton in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 60. For repairing and widening the road from the north end of Dapdon wharf, in the parish of Stoke, next Guldeford, through Guideford to Andrew's Crows, and to Alfold Bars in the county of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate in Arundel, in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 61. For repairing the road from a place called The Golden Farmer, near Bagshot, in the county of Surrey, to Hertfordbridge Hill, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 62. For making the river Ivel, and the branches thereof, navigable, from the river Ouze, at Tempsford, in the county of Bedford, to Shotling-Mill, otherwise called Burnt Mill, in the parish of Hitchin, in the county of Hertford; and to Black Horse Mill, in the parish of Bygrave, in the said county of Hertford; and to the south and north bridges in the town of Shifford, in the said county of Bedford.

Cap. 63. For building a bridge or bridges cross the river of Thames, from a certain place in Old Brentford, in the parish of Ealing, in the county of Middlesex, known by the name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite shore in the county of Surry.

Cap. 64. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by two acts of parliament of the first and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending several roads leading to and from the borough of Evesham, in the county of Worcester; and for explaining and making more effectual the said acts; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads in the counties of Worcester, Warwick, and Gloucester.

Cap. 65. For cleansing, paving, and lightening, the streets of the city of Bath, and liberties thereof; and for regulating chairmen; and also for the keeping a sufficient and well-regulated watch in the nighttime, in the said city and liberties; and to oblige all owners of houses, and other buildings, within the said city and liberties, to bring down the water from the roofs of their houses, and other buildings by proper pipes, down the sides or walls of such houses and buildings; and also to oblige all coal carriages to pass by the borough walls of the said city during the night season.

Cap. 66. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the last session of parliament, For repairing and widening several reads leading from a gate called Poole Gate, in the town and county of Poole.

Cap. 67. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the highways between the top of Kingsdown Hill and the city of Bath, and for amending several other highways therein mentioned, leading to the said city; and also for repairing several other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 68. For repairing and widening the roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Littleworth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the county of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the county of Northampton, adjoining the high road there.

Cap. 69. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Wrexham, in the county of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the county of Flint; and from the town of Mold, to Northopp, Holywell, and Rhuddlan, in the same county; and from thence to the Ferry House opposite to the town of Conway, in the county of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the said town of Mold.

Private Acts.

Anno 30 Georgii II.

1. An act to enable Oliver Cramer esquire, and the heirs of his body, to take and use the surname of Coghill, pursuant to the will of Marmaduke Coghill esquire, deceased, and to bear the family arms of Coghill.

2. An act to enable the reverend Thomas Collier clerk, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Barnard.

3. An act for naturalizing John Baptist Durand, and Bartholomew Rilliet.

4. An act for naturalizing John Frederick Falwasser.

5. An act for dividing and enclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and greens, in the manor and parish of Prior's Hardwick, in the county of Warwick.

6. An act for confirming and establishing certain articles of agreement, and an award, for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common downs, meadows, and pastures, within the manor of Barton Stacy, in the parish of Barton Stacy, in the county of Southampton.

7. An act for dividing and inclosing the common field, common meadows, common pastures, common grounds, and commonable lands in the township of Burchester, otherwise Burcester, otherwise Bissiter Market End, in the county of Oxford; and for extinguishing all right of common in certain common meadows, common pastures, and inclosed grounds, in the said township.

8. An act for confirming and establishing two several articles of agreement, for inclosing and dividing Northwood Hanchurch Heath, and Tost Green, in the manor and parish of Trentham, in the county of Stafford.

9. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain piece of pasture ground, called Whitgift Pasture, in the county of York; and for giving a compensation, in lieu of tythes, to the impropriator of the rectory of Whitgift aforesaid.

10. An act for varying and postponing certain limitations in a grant made by King Charles the Second, of a duty on coals shipped in the river Tyne, to Charles late duke of Richmond and Lenox; and for enabling the present duke of Richmond, Lenox, and Aubigny, to make a jointure on his intended marriage with lady Mary Bruce.

11. An act for settling a certain yearly sum upon the right honourable Ann Fitzroy, commonly called countess of Euston, wife of the right honourable Augustus Fitzroy esquire, commonly called earl of Euston, out of certain yearly pensions issuing out of the hereditary revenue of the excise, and comprised in certain letters patent bearing date the two and twentieth day of October in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, in part of the jointure agreed to be secured to her upon her inter-marriage with the said right honourable Augustus Fitzroy esquire, commonly called earl of Euston.

12. An act for vesting the estate and interest late of Robert Cheatham esquire, deceased, in the duties granted by certain acts of parliament, for maintaining a lighthouse on the Edystone rock, in trustees, in trust to raise money to be applied towards rebuilding the said light-house.

13. An act to impower the warden and society of The King's-Town, of Sutton Coldfield, in the county of Warwick, to grant part of a common called Sutton Coldfield Park, unto Simon Luttrell esquire, and his heirs.

14. An act to enable Mary Jeffreys, the wife of Jeffrey Jeffreys esquire, a lunatick, and the committee or committees of his estate for the time being, to make leases of the parts and shares of the said Mary Jeffreys, of divers lands, tenements and hereditaments, in the county of Devon, devised by the will of Sir William Maurice, deceased, during the continuance of the said lunatick's interest therein.

15. An act for establishing and rendering effectual certain articles of agreement for inclosing the common fields and grounds in the manor of Stragglethorpe, within the parish of Beckingham, in the county of Lincoln; and for making a compensation to the rector of the said parish, for the glebe lands and tythes in Stragglethorpe aforesaid.

16. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common, open and arable fields, and waste grounds in Earlstone, in the parish of Burghcleare, in the county of Hants.

17. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common meadows, common pastures, common grounds, and commonable lands within the township of Piddington, in the county of Oxford.

18. An act for dividing and inclosing certain common pastures and common grounds, in the manor and parish of Wingerworth, and in the hamlet of Tupton, in the parish of North Wingfield respectively, in the county of Derby.

19. An act to enable Thomas Turner esquire, and his issue, to take and use the surname and arms of Payler.

20. An act for naturalizing John Jacob Thompsons.

21. An act for vesting the settled estate of George William earl of Coventry, in the county of Cambridge, in trustees, in trust to sell the same; and to lay out the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments lying nearer to his estate in the counties of Worcester, Gloucester, and Warwick, to be settled to the uses therein mentioned.

22. An act for discharging John lord Trevor, executor of Thomas lord Trevor, deceased, from the sum of eight thousand and eight hundred pounds, agreed by the said Thomas lord Trevor, to be laid out in the purchase of lands, and for confirming the application made by the said John lord Trevor, of the said eight thousand and eight hundred pounds towards the discharge of the sum of ten thousand pounds, charged on the manor of Bromham, and other the estates late of the said Thomas lord Trevor, in the county of Bedford.

23. An act for impowering the guardians of Henry lord Arundell of Wardour, and Thomas Arundell his brother, both infants, to make leases and copyhold grants of their several estates, during their respective minorities.

24. An act for impowering Henry viscount Irwin, George Ingram, his brother, and Charles Ingram, his nephew, to settle part of the said viscount Irwin's estate, upon the marriage of the said Charles Irwin, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

25. An act for regulating and improving certain benefactions vested in the rector and principal professors and masters of the university and college of Glasgow.

26. An act to impower Sir John Shaw baronet, to make a partition, during the minority of John Shaw, his infant son, of certain premises devised to him by the will of dame Anna Maria Shaw widow, deceased.

27. An act for sale of part of the settled estates of George Chafin the elder, and George Chafin the younger, esquires; in the counties of Dorset and Somerset, for payment of their debts; and for rendering a power in a certain settlement therein mentioned, for making jointures, more effectual, and for other purposes.

28. An act for vesting certain tythes and hereditaments in the Isle of Wight, the estate and inheritance of Thomas Bagster esquire, a lunatick, in trustees, to be sold for discharging incumbrances affecting the same; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

29. An act for confirming the title of William Witty esquire, to certain lands and hereditaments in the county of Lincoln, purchased of Francis Fysher esquire; and for vesting and settling other estates of the said Francis Fysher, in the said county, upon the trusts, and for the purposes therein mentioned.

30. An act to enable Lilias Montgomerie of Skelmorly, to sell lands in the county of Renfrew; and to lay out the monies arising thereby, in the purchase of lands contiguous to other lands of the said Lilias Montgomerie, in the county of Air; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

31. An act for enabling Mary Hearle widow, Thomas Hearle clerk, and John Rogers esquire, guardians of Margaret Hearle, Jane Hearle, Betty Hearle, and Harriet Hearle, infants, to make leases of several estates in the county of Cornwall; and also setts and leases of the mines therein; and to carry on adventures during the minority of the said infants.

32. An act for establishing and rendering effectual, certain articles of agreement, for the dividing and inclosing the common fields, common meadow grounds, and common or waste, in the township of Bishop-thorpe, in the county of the city of York, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing certain common fields, common pastures, common meadows, corn-grounds, and waste grounds, within the parish of Wolfhampcote, in the county of Warwick.

34. An act for confirming and establishing articles of agreement for dividing and inclosing the open town fields of West Matsen, and a small common or waste ground thereto adjoining, in the county of Northumberland.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and waste grounds, in the manor and lordship of Pryors Marston, in the county of Warwick.

36. An act for dividing and inclosing certain fields, meadows, and commons, in the manor of Fulford, in the county of York.

37. An act for dividing and inclosing a parcel of Common ground in the manor of Strenfall, in the county of York; and for giving compensation to the prebendary of Strenfall aforesaid, and his farmer, and the vicar of Strenfall, in lieu of their respective tythes and ecclesiastical dues out of the said parcel of ground.

38. An act for establishing and rendering effectual articles of agreement for dividing and inclosing the open fields and common grounds in Pocklington, in the county of York.

39. An act for dividing and inclosing Thornton, otherwise Bishop Thornton moor, stinted pasture, or common, within the manor of Bishop Thornton, with Bishopside in the county of York.

40. An act for dividing and inclosing several open and arable meadow and pasture grounds, in the parish of Loxley, in the county of Warwick.

41. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, grounds and meadows, in the manor and parish of Baumber, otherwise Bamburgh, in the county of Lincoln.

42. An act to dissolve the marriage of the honourable Charles Hope Weir esquire, with Ann Vane his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

43. An act to dissolve the marriage of Thomas Nuthall gentleman, with Lucy Scott his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

44. An act for naturalizing John Durade.

45. An act to ascertain, establish, and confirm, the boundaries of the manors and parishes of North Mims and Northaw, so far as the same extends to and upon the several the commons called North Mims and Northaw common, in the county of Hertford.

46. An act to enable the governors of the hospital of King James, founded in Charter House, to sell and convey the manor of Blacktoft, and divers lands and tenements in the county of York; and for laying out the money arising thereby, in the purchase of other lands and tenements, for the benefit of the said hospital.

47. An act to enable the guardian of of Charles Ward, an infant, to sell and convey part of his estate in the county of Warwick, pursuant to an agreement with the right honourable Francis earl Brooke; and for applying the purchase-money in discharge of incumbrances affecting the same.

48. An act for carrying into execution articles of agreement, entered into before, and in consideration of, the marriage of Crisp Molineux esquire, with Katharine Montgomery, his now wife.

49. An act for vesting the settled estates of Lillie Smith Aynscombe esquire, and Valentina his wife, in trustees, to be sold; and for applying the money arising by such sale, in the purchase of other freehold lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be settled and limited to the like uses; and for other purposes in the said act mentioned.

50. An act for vesting part of the real estate of Henry Chivers Vince esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold for raising money to discharge the debts and incumbrances directed to be paid by a decree of the court of Chancery.

51. An act for vesting divers messuages, lands and hereditaments, part of the real estate late of George Davison, deceased, in trustees, to enable them to convey the same to purchasers or mortgagees thereof, or unto such other person or persons as the court of Chancery shall direct.

52. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, lying within the parish or township of Morton, otherwise Morton Morrel, in the county of Warwick.

53. An act for dividing and inclosing several commons or wastes, and also several common fields, meadows, pastures, and waste grounds lying within the manor of Wimeswould, in the county of Leicester.

54. An act for confirming a partition between William earl of Dartmouth, and Frances Katherine countess of Dartmouth, his wife, and Sir William Maynard baronet, of several estates in the counties of Bucks, Middlesex, Surrey, Suffolk, and Hertford, and in the city of London, and for vesting and settling the entire premisses to the several uses therein mentioned.

55. An act to impower Elizabeth, the wife of Henry Thomas Carr esquire, a lunatick, to make an appointment of a sum of three thousand pounds, towards the payment of the said lunatick's debts; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

56. An act for sale of part of the settled estate of William Thomson esquire, in the county of Berks, to raise money towards discharging several mortgage debts and incumbrances attesting other parts of his settled estates, in the same county.

57. An act for impowering the receiver general of his Majesty's customs, to release and discharge the estate and effects of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, from a debt due to his Majesty, upon payment, by the assignees under the commission of bankruptcy against them, of a sum of money therein mentioned.

58. An act to enable Samuel Jackson esquire, now called Samuel Dodington, and his heirs male, to take and use, in exchange for his and their own surname and arms, the surname and arms of Dodington, pursuant to the will of George Dodington esquire, deceased.

59. An act to enable James Newsam esquire, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Craggs.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII II. Regis Magnae Britannia, Franciae, & Hiberniae, tricesimo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the thirty first day of May, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and fifty in the twenty seventh year of the reign of our sovereign Lord GEORGE the Second by the grace of GOD, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the second day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty six. Being the fourth session of this present parliament.

CAP. I.

An act to prohibit, for a time to be limited, the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit and starch.

---

WHEREAS the exportation of any sort of corn, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit and starch, out of the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, may, at this time be greatly prejudicial to his Majesty's subjects*, be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no person or persons whatsoever, at any time or times be- No coni, Sec. fore the twenty fifth day of December in the year of our Lord to he exported one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, shall, diretSly or orlre.

indirectly, export, transport, carry or convey, or cause or pro- iind, i)tfore cure to be exported, transponed, carried or conveyed out of orj Dec. 1757, from the said kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland; or -load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board in any ship or other vessel, or boat, in order to be exported or carried out of the said kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, any

2 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 1. [1757.

fort of com, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit or starch, under the penalties and forfeitures herein after mentioned; that is to say. That all the said commodities that shall be so exported, shipped or laid on board, or loaded to be exported, shipped or carried out, contrary to this act, shall be forfeited; and that every offender or offenders therein shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings for every bushel of corn, malt, meal or flour; and twelve pence of lawful money of Great Britain, for every pound weight of bread, biscuit or (tarch, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, which shall be so exported, shipped or put on board to be exported; and atfb the ship, boat or vessel, upon which any of the said commodities (nalh be exported, shipped or laden to be exported, and all her guns, tackle, ap-Ont moiety of parci and furniture, shall be forfeited j and one moiety of all the to go to thcrC and forfeitures shall be to the King's majesty, his

King,tlieother heirs and successor$j'and the other moiety to him or them that will to the prose- foe for the fame5 and for offences which shall be committed in £rt0k a c that part of Great Britain called England, such penalties and for-^verythereof ^tures shall he recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or i*v-if in England, formation, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westmin-Wales, Jler, or before the justices of afftxe, or at the great sessions in lVaks, or by information at any general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, riding, mviflon or'place, where the offence shall be committed; and in such (hit, no essoin, protection, privilege or wager of law, shall be allowed; and for offences which shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action, or summary bill or information in the Scotland, courts of sessions or exchequer in Scotland*, and for offences which or Ireland.>c committed in Ireland, in his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, or at the general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city or place, where the offence shall be committed; and Matter and that the matter and mariners of any such ship, boat or vessel, mariners if wherein any such offence shall be committed, knowing such convicted, to offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting the re-be committed, and being thereof duly convicted in any such courts as aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for the space of three months without bail or mainprize

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Officers im- That k shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, P?wcr*d to being an officer or officers of the customs, or being lawfully felT*nd com- authorized in this behalf by the lord high treasurer of Great modifies j*Britain, or the of of the treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, to take or seize all such of the said commodities, not allowed to be exported by this act, or by his Majesty's royal proclamation, or such order of council, in pursuance of this aitt, as he or they shall happen to find* know, or discover to be laid on board any ship or other vessel or boat, at Tea, or in any port, or in any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpose to be exported, transported or conveyed, out of Great Britain or Irelandcontrary to the true intent of this act; and also the ship, vessel or boat, in which the same

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. i.

shall fee found, and to bring the said goods to the king's ware- and to lodge house or warehouses belonging to the custom-house, next to the Jjj* |£^s.sia place where such Seizures shall be made, or to same other safe w^haufes. place (where there are no such warehouses) in order to be proceeded against according to law; and in case of recovery, to be divided according to the directions of this act.

III. Provided always that this act, or any thing herein con- Necessary pro-tamed, fhaM not extend to prohibit the exportation or carrying vision f?r mips out of Such, or fp much of the said commodities, as shall be ne- their ?0f" eefl*ry to be carried in apy ship or ships, or other vessel or vef- 1 fels, m their respective voyages, for the sustenance, diet and Support of the commanders, matters, mariners, passengers or others, in Jbc same ships or vessels only; or for the victualling or providing any of his Majesty's ships of war, or other ships or vessels and for the in his Majesty's Service; or for his Majesty's forces. Sorts or ganrffons; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith- garrison£ ttanding. are excepted.

IV. Provided also, That thip aft, or any thing herein con- The said conr tinned, shall not extend to prohibit any person or persons to ship modifies may or put on board any of the commodities aforesaid, to be carried he carried coast wife; that is to say, from any port, creek, or member of coquet be*die kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, to any other port, granted for tha cteck, or member of the same respectively, having such or the same, and fe-fike coast-cpcquet or Sufferance for that purpose, and such or the curity given, like Sufficient security bdng first given for the landing and drf-charging the same in Some other port, member or creek of the said kingdoms, and returning a certificate in six months, as is required by law in c*fes where goods which are liable to pay duties on exportation, or carried coast-wife from one port of preat-firitjan to another, apd pot otherwise.

V. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein con- Tfae said tained, shall not extend to any of the said commodities which modities may shall be exported, or shipped to be exported, Out of or from he exported to Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, or Gibraltar, or from Great Britain or Ireland to Gibraltar, or unto any of his the British if. Majesty's iflaads or cdonies in America, that have usually been rt'ies \n Ameri-supplied with any of the said commodities from Great Britain ca, the expor-or Ireland, far the futteptation of the irihabitant9 of the said tcr declaring iflapds, colonies or dominions, or for the benefit of the British ^def^ned* fishery in those parts only; so as the exporter do, before the so^an^gWing shipping or laying on board the same, declare the istand, colony security.

or dominion, ifsands, colonies or dominions, for which the said commodities are respectively designed, and do become bound with other Sufficient security, in treble the value thereof, to the of or chief officer or officers of his Majesty's custocns, belonging to the port or place where the same shall be shipped or put on board (who hath or have hereby

Swer to take such security in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use) that such commodities (half not be landed or fold in any parts whatsoever, other than the kingdoms, dominions, islands or colonies for which the same shall be so declared j and

B 2 ifca*

4 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. i.

[1757.

Certificate* that a certificate under the hand and seal of thp coHedtor, comp-bnTndh % ^u>rttro^er or ot^er c*1^ °cer of the customs; or if no such, or be returned the naval officer, or some other principal officer of the port within* limit- where the same shall be landed, shall within the respective times cd time. herein after for that purpose mentioned (the dangers of the seas excepted) be returned to the officers who took the said bonds, that the said commodities have been landed at the port or place for which the same shall be so declared; and for the taking of Officersiotake such security, and giving such certificates (which the respective ^smt^ccrrifi- °cers aforesaid are hereby on demand required to give) no fee cat«, gratis*, or reward shall be demanded or received; and if any officer shall Officer grant- make any false certificate of any such comaiQdities being so ing a faiie cer- landed, such officer shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, feitool°and an<*°k ^P^Y01611^ and incapable of serving his Ma-

te cashiered^ je^Y» ^ls ^eirs or fecceflors, in any office relating to the customs j and if any person shall counterfeit, rafe or falsi{y any such certi-ool. penalty ficate, or knowingly publish any such counterfeit, rased or false en counter- certificate, he shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and Feitiing, &c. a such certificate shall be void and of none effect; which said pe-Method^of re- nai^es for offices committed in Great Britain or Ireland, shall covery, be recovered in the same courts, and in the same manner, as the other penalties inflicted by this act are recoverable; and for offences committed in the colonies or plantations in America, or other the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain in Europe, shall be recovered in the high court of admiralty, or in any other chief court of civil or.criminal jurisdiction in such re-and applica- spective colonies, plantations or dominions; and shall be divided tien thereof" into equal moieties between his Majesty and the informer; and the said bond or bonds, if not prosecuted within three years, shall be void.

Beans may be

VI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend exported to to prohibit the exportation of beans to the British forts, cattles Africa, on giv- and factories in Africa, or for the use of the ships trading upon ing security. that coast^ that usually have been supplied with the same from Great Britain or Ireland, so as the like security be given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this act to be given by persons carrying any of the said commodities to the British colonies in America.

East Indh

VII. Provided also, That nothing, herein contained shall excompany may tend to prohibit the united company of merchants of England, export any of trading to the East Indies, from exporting any of the said com-com" modifies to any of their forts, factories or settlements, for the their fort*°and ^uPPort of the persons residing the re, so as the like security be settlements, given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this act to be giving securi- given by persons carrying any of the said commodities to the xy- British colonies in America.

Wheat.malt.or

VIII. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein con-barlrv, m3y be tained, shall not extend to any wheat, malt or barley, to be exported from transported out of or from the port of Southampton only, unto toJerseyPand the islands of Jersey and Guernsey, or either of them, for the Guerafey, the only use of the inhabitants of those istands, so as the exporter

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. i. 5

before the lading of thr wheat, malt or barley, or laying the exporter giv-feme on board, do become bound with other sufficient security lnS Iccunt/« (which the customer or comptroller of the same port hath hereby # power to take, in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use; and for which security no fee or reward shall be given or taken), that such wheat, malt or barley, shall be landed in the said islands Certificate of of Jirfey and Guernsey, or one of them (the danger of the seas the landing to only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants there, andt.

not be landed or fold in any other parts whatsoever, and to re-^tjj^ lniu'turn the like certificates of the landing the same there, as are herein before required on the exportation of the said commodities to the British colonies in America, and within the time for that purpose herein after mentioned; and so as the quantity of Quantity to be wheat, malt and barjey, which, at any time or times after the 50L)

passing of this act, and before the twenty-fifth day of December quarters.5 one thousand fijven hundred and fifty-seven* shall be shipped at the said port fotjerfey and Guernsey, or either of them as aforesaid, doth not exceed in the whole, five thousand quarters any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Commiflmneri

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of the customs for the time being shall, of the customs and they are hereby required, to give a full and true account »n b5for?

writing to both houses of parliament, at the beginning of the ^fia^entSmi next fefCon thereof, of all corn, meal, malt, floor, bread, bifcult account of the and (larch, that shall before that time be exported to any place quantities of whatsoever, by virtue or in pursuance of any of the liberties or com. See, ex-powers hereby given or granted for that purpose. poited.

X. Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall extend Malt made for to any malt declared or made for expectation'on or before the exportation fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, before Dec. which shall be exported; provided the proprietor or proprietors, 75*> 'r'Y thereof shall produce to the collector or chief officer of the port proprietor1*where such. malt shall be exported, a certificate or certificates producing a from the officer or officers with whom the entry of the co^i in- certificate tended to be made into such malt for exportation shall have been tb*rco^roraf

v made, that the said malt was actually declared or made for e*- fiCerfropCr °*portation on or before the said fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six; nor to any other of the com- VesscIf modifies aforesaid, which shall be cleared out of any custom- out before5 house within Great Britain, before the twenty-fifth day of Dr- Dec. 1736, 5 timber one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six; or out of any permitted to custom-house in Ireland before the twenty-fifth day of December Pceed on _ one thousand seven hundred and fifty-six^ but that such (hipsthcir T0,r*e*and vessels shall be permitted to proceed on their voyages; any tiding herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority M.aforesaid, That it) case his Majesty at any time or times before by^oclama-the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and tien, or order fifty-seven, shall (in his royal discretion) judge it to be most for in council, the benefit and advantage of this kingdoms to permit the expor-before 1

B 3 % ta- imc e*15

6 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. t. 2. [ 175^.

ec- W' tation of corn and other the crttwtodifles aforesaid, nr any of exportation of t*lcm» l^at t*wrt*and may be lawful to- and ferbb Majw-corn, &c. fty, by his royal procInitiation or prockMMfloAS to b# ifibed, by and with the advice of hi* privy council* Of by hfe Majdty'i Order in council, to be published in the from tlttte

to time to permit and faffer all and every person or perlbrrt, natives and foreigners (but not any particular person or persons) at any time or times before the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred fifty-seven, to export or carry out of the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or Out of both Or either of them, all or any of the commodities aforesaid, to all or any other place or places, and upon Of without giving (Security for the landing thereof i& such place or places, and returning certificates Of such landing, as to his Majesty (halt seem Meet, and as in Rich proclamation or proclamations, Or such orders of council, to be published in the Louden Gazette, shall be CXpressed and declared; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

Times limited

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the^cernficEes That a'* certificates of the landing and dischargnlg of the said from the re- commodities to be exported, other than coastwise, shall be rc-speClive ports turned within the respective times following that is to Tuy, ^her*fhecom, Where the bonds are taken in rdpeft Of any of the said cothhfo-boded.* b*n Cities to^exported from Great Britain tto any of the

f*id colonies or plantations in within eighteen cttlendir

months after the date of the said bonds; and where to Gibraltar, with twelve calendar months after the date of such bonds; and where to the iHands of Gu or Jersey, within six calendar

months after the data of such bonds; and where from Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, withlh ftje calendar months after the date of such bonds respectively.

CAP. II.

An act fa make provision for the quartering of (be foreign troops in his Majestfs service, now in this kingdom <;, t

WHEREAS difficulties have hit Ay artfien in providing pratilfrs for the foreign troops in his Jerv'tce, which h'aHe

been brought over for the defence s^Great Britain; be it enacted by the King's mm excellent Majesty, by and With the advice add consent of the lords (pitituil and temporal and COnStnonS in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, toteqtarterS That theso*1 troops brought over as aforesaid, shall and and provided ro*y» during their continuance here, be quartered, and be re-for as the Bri- ceived and provided for in quarters, Itl the ft me manner ro all tiih troop*, intents and purpofos as the troops now are; and ffcpt

the billeting, quartering, receiving and providing for such foreign troops, in the manner aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to have been, and to be legal, valid and effectual, to all intenrs and purposes whatsoever.

r?5?'] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. j.

CAP. III.

Jbs dB f or granting an aid to his Ma by a to

be raiftd in Great-Bnuin, for tbtf of the year one

tbaatfanifbvm hundred and fifty jtmu\and for defcharg-

tng certain arrears of land taxer before the time

therein mentioned; and for the more effcRuat collecting of drtears for the future. 4s. in the pound.

CXV. AND whereat fever el arrears of land taxes, Arrears of for-

/V firmer alts of parliament, doflillremain unfasiffied, which mer land taxes ought to have been levied, offtjfed, or re-affcflid by the resptSive tom-£* leJ!ied by

mifrummsinMtfsnmedereWnt

or removed to distant plates \ it is hereby declared end enacted by the authority arore£ud>Tb*t the commissioners by this act named or appointed) or so many of them as are hereby im powered ta cause the monies by this aid grafted to be aijefled or raised, (halJ, and they are hereby hwpowered to cause the monies so in arrear upon the said land taxes, to be ftflefled, fp-pfiessed, levied and answered, as fully and effectually as any of appointed by former acts might have done m that behalf; and the said actessors, collectors, and receivers, fhatt respectively afiefe, re-sf* fcfs, levy, receive, and answer the several arrears, in Rich manner, and under such penalties, and by such means, and as fuQy and effectually as in this wSL they are i as powered and required, with respect to the several sums by this act charged*

CLXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby likewise enacted sinki func| by the authority afare£ud, That all the monies arisen or to ardit appropriated into the exchequer, of or for the said furplwffes, cxccflcsor over- to discharge plus monies, and other revenues, composing the sinking fund national debt (except such monies thereof, as are by this, or any other act or Deo^ acts m rids or any Conner feflioa xx sessions of parliament, efpe- 1?l^ 5 tiidly charged upon the fold sinking fund, or to be paid out of fhC same, or out of arty revenues or branches composing the said faking fund) shall be appropriated, reserved, and employed to and for the discharging the principal and interest of such national debts and incumbrances, as were incurred before the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteeq, and are declared to be such national debts as may be redeemed, and are provided for by act of parliament, in such manner and form, as shall be directed and appointed by any future a<ffc or acts of parliament to be discharged therewith, or out of the same, and to none other use, intent of purpose whatsoever j awy thing in this act contained to the-contrary notwithstanding.

-CLXX

VII. And whereas several orders of loan or exchequer Drilciency of bills made upon and in pursuance of an act of parliament of the ^h % CQ* |jX twenty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, (intituled An act for how to befup* granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great plied.

Britain, for the service of the year one thousand fatten hundred and fifty five) still remain unpaid, for want of (efficient money arising by the said act being come into the exchequer to answer and pay

Anrto tricesimo Georgii II. c. 4, 5. [1757.

the same; and it is uncertain how mpch thereof the monies arising by the said a# will be able to answer and discharge; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the money arifcit or to arise into the exchequer, for or on account of the said aids, on or before the twenty-ninth day of September which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, shall not be sufficient to discharge the whole principal and interest due, or to grow due, on the several orders of loan'or exchequer bills made upon and in pursuance of the said act, that then so much moneyas shall then appear to be deficient or wanting for answering the purposes aforesaid, shall and may be supplied and made good out of any the monies arising into the exchequer by or from the loans or exchequer bills on this act, or any other monies or loans that are or shall be appropriated for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven 5 and the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them* or the high treasurer for the time being, shall dire# and apply the same accordingly; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. IV.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty leven; and concerning the interest to be paid for monies to be borrowed as well on the credit of this a#, as on the credit of an a & of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his majesty by a land tax,

CAP. V.

An act for granting to his Majesty a sum not exceeding one million fifty thousand and five pounds, and five shillings, to be raised by way of lottery.

Natives and foreigners may contribute to the sum of 1, 050, 605l. 5 s. for the purchase of tickets in the present lottery, at 11. 1 s. each ticket. Purchase money to be paid to the chief cashier of the bank. Subscribers for 100 tickets, depositing the one moittv of the purcha/e money, allowed to t June next to i^ake good the second payment. Subscribers for any left number, to pay the whole of the purchase money at the time of fuMcribing. Receipts to be given for the sums paid, &c. and the bearers intitled to tickets in respect thereof. Cashier to attend at the bank from9to $ o'clock, to receive subscriptions. Cashier to give security; and to pay the monies into the exchequer. Treasury to apply the monies to the iervices voted by the commons. Managers and directors of the lottery to be Appoint ed by the treasury. Books to be prepared with three colums, in each of which 66, 667 tickets to be printed. Tickets to be of an oblong form, and joined with oblique lines, Scc. Tickets in the jd column to have the words following printed on them: this ticket entitles the bearer to such prize as may belong thereunto. Tickets to be signed. Books to be prepared for 14 clalTes, with»columns, on each of which 66, 667 tickets to be printed. Chances of the tickets in the 14 clalTes to be determined by drawing the tickets hi the books with three columns. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashier, and take a receipt for the same. Cashier to give a ticket for every sum of il. is. paid in, and permit the adventurer to write his name on the corresponding ticktt. Cashier tOTedeliver the books to the managers, by 1 Aogust, and account for the furas received. Tickets undisposed of to be returned into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle column to be rolled up, and ried 5 and cyt off indenturewife into a box marked with the letter (A) box tQ be locked up and sealed. Books to be prepared with % cq-

lurnns,

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. fi» 7. 9

tanns, on each erf which 6 6, $67-ticket* to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate ticket*. 756 prizes. Fortunate tickets: 1 of.so, 000). 1 of 5/)ool. 1 of j, ooool. 1 of i, ooool. 2 of 500l. 10 of; ool. too of 50l. % oo ot 20l. 440 of iol. with 300l. to the first drawn ticket, and 300l.

3s. 4d. to the last drawn. Tickets of the outermost columns to be rolled up asyl tied, and cut out indentwise into a box marked with the letter (B).

Box to be locked up and sealed. Publick notice to be given of times of cutting the tickets into boxes. The lottery to begin drawing 5 Septenw ber. Method to be observed in drawing, See. After each day's drawing the boxes to be locked up and sealed. Numbers of the fortunate tickets, and the furos to be printed. Deputes relating thereto, to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty of forging tickets or certificates, felony. Mana-gen to be fwoirr. The oath. Aaventurer not paying his whole confide-radon-money by the times limited, shall lose the advance money. Tickets not disposed of shall be delivered into the exchequer. Managers, &c. to be paid by the of of the treafory out of the lottery money.

Penalty of felling chances or shares of tickets, for a lef* time than the drawing of the lottery j or of layinjg wagers relating to the chance of tick^ etsj^ where to be sued for. Application thereof. Persons felling shares in dekets of which they are not possessed, Stc. to forfeit 500l. Application thereof. Offences committed in Ireland a£ainst aft* mode here, for preventing unlawful lotteries', declared to be punishable, and may be (bed. for in Dublin. After the drawing of the lottery, the tickets to be exchanged for certificates. Managers to give notice of the time for taking in the tickets, and delivering out the certificates, &c. Book to be kept for entering persons names, and the numbers of their tickets, Sec. Certificates to be signed, See. 525, 002l. 12s. 6d. to be paid out of the fitpplier into the bank before 20 Jan. next, for payment of the prizes. Cashier to nuke payment thereof accordingly. Treasury to pay the incident charges attending the execution of this act, and to make allowance to the bank.

Sec. for their trouble and pains, sol. penalty oh officer taking any fee,

[Treble costs.]

Sec. for receiving or paying monies on this act. Persons sued on thu aft may plead the general issue.

CAP. VI.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. VII.

An act to discontinue for a limited time the duties upon corn and flour imported, and also upon such corn, grain, mealy bread, biscuit and floury as have hen or shall be taken from the enemy, and brought into this kingdom.

WHEREAS the iifcontinuing of the duties for a limited time upon corn and flour imported into this kingdom, and also upon fluh corn, grain, mealy bread, biscuit, and flour, as hctve been or shall be taken from the enemy, and brought into this kingdom, may be of advantage to his Majestfs subjects 5 be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and Consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same. The enume-That no subsidy, custom, rate, duty, or other imposition what- rated commo-soever, shall be demanded, collected, received or taken, upon dities for a any corn or flour which shall be imported into this kingdom, bH; mded at any time or times before the twenty fourth day of August next; duty free, and nor shall any subsidy, custom, rate, duty, or other imposition carried coafk-whatsoever, be demanded, collected, received or taken, uppn Wll

jo Anno tricesimo Georgii II. [1757.

any com, grain, 1»eal, bread, bsfeuk or flour, which hare bcM or shall be taken from the enemy, and brought into this kingdom, at any time or times before the said twenty fourth day of Atiguft i but that ?B loch corn and flour, and also all such corn, grain, meal, bread, biscuit and flour, fltafl and may be import* ed, brought in, and landed, duty free, and may aHo be carried coastwise, under such reflations as com of the growth of this kingdom is now allowed to be carried coastwise, at all times before the said twenty fourth day of August 5 any former law, Statute, act or acts of parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Entry to be

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aude thereof; aforesaid, That a due entry shall be made in such manner and form as were used and prafttfed before the making of this act, of all corn, grain, meal, bread, bHcult and flour, which ftiafl be imported or brought into this kingdom, before the said twenty fourth day of August, at the custom-house belonging to the post into which the same (halt be imported or brought in, or other-otherwise to so default of making such entry, such corn, grain, meal, be febjeft to bread, biscuit and flour, mall be liable and subject to such and duty. the same duties, as were payable upon the importation thereof

before the making of this act; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstandlnff-

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tha^ if any action or fuk shall be commenced against any person or perms* for any thing done in pursuance of this act, in that part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or defen-fleneral issue. dants in any such action or flat may plead the general issue, and g}ve this act and the speqial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon j and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonfuhed, or discontinue his action; after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgment shall be given upon any wrfift or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover Treble costs, treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as any de-.. fondant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law; and land.10 SC°t* " or suit be commenced or prosecuted in that part

of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before whom such action ot suit shall be brought, shall allow the defender to plead this act on his defence; and if the purfiier shall not insist oft his action, or if judgment shall be given against such purfiier, the defender shall and may recover the full and real expences he (nay have been put to by any such action or suit.

CAP. VIII.

An act for the speeiy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty's land forces and marines

WHEREAS for recruiting his Majesty's land forces and marines, it is necessary that a new supply of men be forthwith raised

Anhatricesimo GEbltGii II. c. ft

Yatfed toitbin the kingdom of Great Britain, by common consent amt front in parliament $ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and With the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this presentjparliament affetnbled, and by the authority of the same, That Within and throughout the several and respective counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, parishes, towns^md places of Great Britain, a speedy and effectual levy mcn to be of able-bodied men to serve his Majesty as loidlers, shall be madethroueh-forthwith had, made* practised and put in execution, according °H* Great few to the rules and directions of this present act.1 um*

II. And it is hefeby further enacted, That the justices of the justice of this peace of every county, Shire, stewartry, riding, liberty or place, peace, com-Withid Great Britain, and all and every the persons who were roissioners of named, or otherwise appointed to be commimoners for putting^ in execution an act of parliament made and passed at Wiefimin- strates ot cof. Jler in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, porations to intituled An act for granting an aid to his Mate fly by a land-tax^PuttlH* a A in to be raffed in Great Bi itain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty five $ and for the relief of the inhabitants of certain places in the county of Lincoln, in respect of arrears of tie land-tax^of any subsequent act or acts of parliament for that purpose, Within the several andf respective counties, shires, flew-artnes, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places, therein particularly expressed, who are (till living, and have duly qualified themselves according to the said acts, or shall duly qualify themselves according to this present act in that behalf, mall be of for putting in execution this present act,

and the powers therein contained, within and for the fauio counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places of Great Britain, for which they were lb named or appointed respectively; and that all and every the Other persons wh6 are named or otherwise appointed to be com- # Uiissioners for putting in execution an act passed in the present foflion of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the fervico Of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and for difi Charging certain arrears of land taxes incurred before the time therein mentioned; and for the more effectual colie sting of arrears for the future^ within or for the said counties, shires, stewartries, ridings.

Cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places, or any of them respectively, or such of the persons lass mentioned, as shall also duly qualify themselves according to this act m that behalf, shall Tfo be of for putting in execution this present act, and the powers therein contained, within and for the same respective counties, shires, stewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places of Great Britain, for which they are so named or appointed respectively; and that all and every the justices of the peace, and magistrates of corporations and burghs in any part of Great Britain, who are or shall be in any of his Majesty's commissions of the peace, or in the magistracy

'of

tz

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 8. [1757.

of such corporation or burgh, at any time during the execution

of this act, who shall duly qualify themselves according to this present act in that behalf (although not specially named or appointed of by the said act) shall be like wife of for putting in execution this present act, and all, the powers therein contained, within the limits of their commiill-ons and jurisdictions respectively: all which of by md to take this act intruded with the execution of the same, are hereby ore, that his strictly enjoined and required to use their utmost care and dili-fcr- gence that his Majesty's service, in making such levies as afore-wSeaed.or not disappointed or neglected.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

High sheriffs. That the high sheriff of every county, or his deputy, immedi-Jtc. upon no- ately upon receiving notice for that purpose from the secretary jee from the at >yar, shall fend precepts to the respective bailiffs, or others w^toilfae arc u^ua % employed to summon juries, although in liber-precepts for ties out of the ordinary jurisdiction of the said high sheriff* di-the commissi- reding them to summon the several justices of the peace, and ^J^of of the land tax, within their respective divisions thon^Sve^ert*esJ to attend at the usual place of meeting in every

division, upon a certain day in the said precepts named, within Notice of the the time limited by the secretary dt war (ootice of which day teyoC*t- shall be sent to the war office and admiralty, upon the issuing to^he war*1* PrecePts ty Sheriff) to qualify themselves for the exoffice. ecution of this act; and the said of shall then and

ComroifEon- there appoint the several times and places for the succeeding «rs to appoint meetings in each of their respective sub-divisions during the con-J^ tinuance of this act; and the said justices of the peace, and com-facceeding missioners of the land tax, at such their first meeting, or at some meetings, and other meeting to be held as soon as it can be conveniently, shall iffoc precepts issue their precepts to the high constables, headboroughs, or TOfe^the^ ot^er ProPcr officers for the respective hundreds, lathes, rapes, bighconta- wapentakes or other sub-divisions, within the said counties, bles, &c. shires, stewartries, ridings or divisions, as aforesaid; which precept shall contain an account of the times and places appointed for the succeeding meetings, and shall be returnable on a day therein to be named, within twenty days, and not less than fourteen days, from the time of issuing thereof; and such high constables, headboroughs or other proper officers, are hereby required forthwith to signify the times and places appointed for and to give such meetings, to the several of residing within their abbVuch°* respective districts; and the said of assembled at such military offi- first meeting to qualify themselves as aforesaid, shall also give cm as shall notice of the time and place of all and every succeeding meeting attend this to appointed as aforesaid, to the military officer whom they crvi^c. shall jlaye j^n^ foy notice from the secretary at war, to be di-Shcriffsto be reded to attend this service.

allowed by the jy. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all rea-their^jn^nces ^ona^e charges or expences incurred by any sheriff or deputy intbe execu sheriff in the execution of this act, shall be allowed in the action of this counts of such sheriff at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer.

J: 757-} Anno tricesimo Georgii II. C.'i

V. And, for the encouragement of fit and able persons vo-E*? perftfi luntarily to enter into his Majesty's service, be it enacted, That every such person who shall, on or before the first day of May to

one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, voluntarily enter bounty no-himself into his Majesty's service, before the said of, ney. at their first or any subsequent meeting, shall, by warrant of any -three or more of the said of, receive the sum of three pounds out of the money of the land tax, arisen or to arise in the years one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, and one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, or either of them, then being in the hands of any receiver general, or of any collector thereof, within the county or place for which the said of are appointed; and thereupon the of then Volunteers t# present, or any three of them, shall forthwith cause such volun- J* teers to be delivered to the officers appointed to receive them; officers, and* and shall cause an entry to be made in some book to be kept by an entry to be the said of, or such clerk as they shall appoint, of made of their the names of such volunteers, and of the parishes or places of their last abode (if they can be known) and of the time and pa*d place when and where they did so enter themselves, and of the and the offi-sums paid to them, and by whom such payments were made, cer* receiving and of the names of the officers or persons who received such' volunteers, and for what regiment or company they were re-,

ccived; and shall cause true copies or duplicates of such entries^ Duplicates attested by three or more of the said of then present, thereof tobc within forty days after the delivery of such volunteers, to be to the Twar transmitted into the office of his Majesty's secretary at war for the office, time being, to be compared with the muster-rolls.

VI. And it is hereby declared, That the pay of every such Volunteers to volunteer shall commence from the time that he shall so enter receive pay himself into his Majesty's service, and that every such volun- frfOT£he f* teer, after he shall have continued in the military service of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the space of three discharged at years, if the war shall then be ended, or otherwise at the end the end of of the war, shall be at liberty (if he think fit) to demand his three years, «r discharge from the colonel or commanding officer of the regi- they ^demand ment or company to which he shall belong; and such discharge it.

shall be granted to him gratis in writing under the hand of such colonel or commanding officer, who is hereby impowered and required to give the same accordingly, on pain of suffering the penalties usually inflicted for disobedience to orders; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the warrants by Warrants for this act directed to be issued by the said of for the bounty-mo- encouragement of volunteers as aforesaid, shall be satisfied by"6^1 such receivers or collectors as aforesaid, to whom such warrants deduction/ shall be directed, without any abatement for fees, gratuities, charges, poundage, or any other pretence whatsoever, and shall be allowed upon their accounts; any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said receivers general* and their Receivers«respective deputies, and the said collectors of the land tax mo- at-"

ney,

tend meeting of coromUK-oaen, to pay the bounty.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. C.

f1757.

ncy, tt any of them, upon the summons of the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall attend at the said meetings for receiving volunteers as aforesaid, and duly pay to the said volunteers the rewards prescribed by this act, as they will answer at their peril any delay or obstruction to his Majesty's service which may happen by their defaults.

409. of every

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall pound paid be lawful for the lord high treasurer, or of of the out of the treasury for the time being, to cause forty shillings of every iepai?Tnto* P°unc* money which shall be supplied out of the land tax exchequer by money for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, the paymasters and one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, or either of of the forces. fh$m, for payment of the encouragements aforesaid, to be repaid into his Majesty's exchequer by the respective paymasters of his Majesty's forces, out of such money as they (Kail receive for the said forces, to make j*ood the respective credits on the said land taxes, and to be applied to the satisfaction of such principal and

fukftfvut act

intareft (if any) as shall be remaining thereupon.

Three com-

IX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, " "liners, ra" That the said of, or any three or more of them, in ^y^uc^roen t^1€*r resp* places or stations, mall be, and are hereby au-as are herein thorized and impowered to raise and levy, and to cause to be raised described $ and levied, at any time or times during the continuance of this act, wkhin their several limits and jqrisdidions, all able-bodied idle and disorderly persons, who cannot, upon examination, prove themselves to exercise and industriously follow same lawful trade or employment, or to have some substance sufficient for their support and maintenance, to serve his Majesty as soldiers; to require and command all and every the high constables, ofparifif and churchwardens, overseers of the poor, petty constables, head-town officers j boroughs and tythingmen, and other parish and town officers, or any of them, within their respective limits and jurisdictions, to be aiding and assisting to them the said of, or any three or more of them, in the performance of this his Majesty's fervke; and for that purpose the said of, or any three of them, are to meet in their respective sub-divisions, according to the appointment of the justices and coinfnissioners as aforesaid, and to Hfiie out their warrants, under their hands and.seals, thereby requiring and commanding such churchwardens, for^brhmng* overseers of the poor, petty constables, headboroughs, tything-persons within men, or other parish or town officers, or else requiring and com-the descripti- manding the said high constables to issue their precepts to such churchwardens, overseers, petty constables, headboroughs, ty-tWngmen» and oi^CT pafHh and town officers as aforesaid, every meeting. or any of them, to make or cause to be made a general fearen within their respective parishes, townships, constablewicks, or other places, for all such persons as they can find, who are or shall appear to them to be within the description of this act, and to bring all such persons before the of, who have power to execute this act, in and for such county, Shire. stewartry, riding or division, at such time and place as shall have been

and to meet in their sub-division s,

and issue general search

i? 57.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 8; t$

been appointed by the justices and of as aforesaid, for the second meeting of the said of, in their respective sub-divUions, which time and place shall be prefixed in the said warrants and precepts respectively; and afterwards the said of, within their respective limits and divisions,

shall meet at such convenient time or times as they shall think fit, in order to issue their like warrants or precepts, for making general searches for persons within the said description, and for bringing them before the of at any future times and

!>Iaces appointed by the justices and of as aforesaid, during the continuance of this act.

X. Provided always, That in case the second meeting ap- If the fecoal pointed to be held in any sub-division, shall be at so great a di- meeting be stance of time, as may render it inconvenient to issue warrants to° for bringing persons Wore such of at the second [nTheir fob-meeting, then the of of such sub-division respective- divisiant may 1y may adjourn themselves to some convenient day, previous to adjourn to a (ueh second meeting, in order to issue their warrants as aforesaid. P*08* daf*

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall After such fee and may be lawful to and for the churchwardens* overseers of ther poor, constables, headboroughs, tythingmen, and other offi- offi^ra cers of any parish or township, or any of them, at any time af- TO^fcarchfoc ter the said second meeting of the said of, without and secure tarrying for any such warrant or precept as aforesaid, to search f«ch persona for, and apprehend all, or any such persons as they, or any of ? them shall find, or shall appear to them, or any of them, to be l£on Of thj* within the description of this act, and to secure such persons aft, and con-(in case they shall think it necessary) in the gaol or house of vey them be-. correction, or publick prison where debtors are not usually confined, of the county, town or place, where such persons shall be 0 apprehended, and the keeper of such gaol, home of correctioa of prison, shall receive such persons without fee or reward, and the parish officers shall allow such keeper six pence by the day for each person, during the time that they shall remain there, and shall convey them before the of, at their next meeting for lifting of soldiers, to be examined, and (if judged within the description of this act) to be lifted and delivered into his Majesty's service, according to the' true intent and meaning hereof.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Coirnniffiea* s That the commissioners for executing this act, who shall attend ^t?5.xan"1, c this service at the place or places for lifting foldiew as aforesaid, per*

shall strictly examine the persons who shall be brought before them, by the said churchwardens, overseers, constables, headboroughs, tythingmen, or other parish or town officers, as aforesaid; and in case the said of, or the major part of and if found them then present, upon examination of the persons so brought proper for the before them, shall find that such persons shall come within rhjec*x» descriptions herein mentioned, and the said of, and the officer or officers who shall be appointed to receive the impressed men, shall judge them to be such as are hereby intended

to

L.OCK

to deliver them to the military officers

Officers to rive receipts for them

16 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 8. [1757.

to be entertained as soldiers in his Majesty's service, then and in such case the said of shall cause such persons to be delivered over by the said churchwardens, overseers, constables, headboroughs, tythingmenor other parish or town officers, to such officers or persons as shall be appointed to receive such, recruits as aforesaid, such officers or persons giving a receipt under their hands, acknowledging what men are so delivered to him or them, which receipt they are hereby required to give, and to pay to

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective officers the paruh and who shall receive such new raised men, shall pay to the clerk.town officers appointed by the of, for the use of the officers of.^|fVCry parish or town so employed in the raffing such men, for their man* pains and services therein, twenty shillings of lawful money of and to the Great Britain., for every man so raised; and shall also pay for churchwar- every such new raised man, who shall have a wife or family, dens, a (um any sum not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than ten shillings 40s. norCtef«ng°f lawful money of Great Britain, to the said clerk, to be by than los. if him paid over as is herein after directed, into the hands of jthe such man have churchwardens or overseers of the poor, for the benefit of such aj!*k°rfa- parish or township, in which such new raised man shall have y*gained a settlement, and whose wife and family may become

chargeable to such parish or township respectively; which sum shall be settled by the of present at the meeting whei^ such person shall be inlisted, or any three or more of them, regard being had to the number of children, or other particular circumstances of such person so inlisted, for both which pay-and 6d. per m^nts the clerk shall give a receipt, and the sum'of six pence diem to the per diem, for keeping every such new raised man who shall be parish.officers, delivered as aforesaid, according to the number of days that the rime^he^bav °cers l^e Pari& or town shall have kept him in custody* kept him.Vepurfuant to the powers granted by this act, until such delivery; Disputes re- the said allowances of twenty shillings, and of six pence per lating thereto diem* in case of dispute, to be ascertained and distributed to or b° the^co^C<^ amongst the said churchwardens, overseers, constables, field-nuffionersT boroughs, tythingmen, and such other parish and town officers, or any of them, according to the judgment and direction of the said of, or the major part of them then present. Commissioners

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-may ailot, out thority aforesaid, That the said of, or any three or °iwJh n^r more of them, in their respective divisions, are hereby autho-pariffioffi-', e r*zec^ anc* impowered, by and out of the said sum of twenty cers, is. to the shillings, herein before directed to be paid for the use of the of-conAablest ficers of the parish or town so employed in the raising of fucU men, to allot and order such sum as they shall think fit, to the respective high constables within their respective limits and ju-risaidtions, for their pains and service in the execution of this act, not exceeding the sum of two shillings.

Able-bodied

XV. Provided always, That no person shall be inlisted by men only to be the said of by virtue of this act, who is not such an ialifted; able-bodied man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from rupture* and every other distemper, or bodily weakness or infirmity.

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. S. 17

mity, which may render him. unfit to perform the duty of a f6l- -^none dier; and that no man be inlisted for his Majesty's service by der 17, nor 11-virtue of this act, who shall appear in the opinion of the com- bove 4$ year# missioners, or officer or officers appointed to receive the impress- of age, nor ed men, to be under the age of seventeen years, or above the age of forty five years, or a known papist, or who shall be under the fwt size of five feet four inches without [hoes. inches.

XVI. And for the better preventing any disputes which may arise about paying for the subsistence of those persons, whor having been apprehended and detained by virtue of this act^ may afterwards be

dfcharged upon examination before the commissionen and military of pc^ jjf fuers\ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if charged as not any person being judged by the of not to be within within the dc-the description of this act, shall be by them discharged, the of- feription of ficers of the parish ortown shall be intitled to no consideration, for their expences in keeping such person; and if any person being al|0w°d t£cir judged by the of to be within the description of this expences j' ad, shall be rejected by the military officer. Such officer shall pay if within the to the officers of the parish or town six pence per diem, for the description, whole time that they shall have kept every such person, to he office^officer charged to the account of his respedue regiment or company; to pay the ex* and every officer whp shall object to any person delivered to him pences of by the of, shall specify his objection to such person, JLWJJ?them* whether it shall be to his age or size, or bodily disability, and the °e grounds of such objection shall be forthwith (as far as may be) and enquired enquired into by the said of, and they shall proceed into by com* accordingly $ and every officer who shall refuse or discharge any nuffioners. person delivered to him by the of as fit to serve his ^ha»eeto Majesty within the description of this act, shall without delay be transmitted transmit to his Majesty's secretary at war, his reason for such re- to the fecre-fufal or discharge, in writing, attested by himself. - at war.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted and strictly enjoined by the All inhabi-authority aforesaid, That the inhabitants of every parish and tants required township, where any persons described as aforesaid, do abide, to b? aiming or are to be found, at the instance of any one or more of the htrelu-commissioners appointed for the execution of this act, or of any churchwarden, overseer of the poor, or constable of the same

parish or township, shall (not having a lawful or reasonable excuse to the contrary) be aiding and assisting in the furtherance of his Majesty's Service by this act described.

XVIII. And to encourage such inhabitants and others to afjji in discovering and apprehending such persons defer ibed as aforesaid; it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any to Such^ ftTlI person shall difqover and give information of any able bodied dit'coveranv man fit to serve his Majesty within the description of this act, prop* person, so that he shall be apprehended and inlisted before the commis- !<V'\hc* in- sioners as aforesaid, such person, for every man so di (covered and inlisted, shall receive from the officer to whom such man

shall be delivered, the sum of ten shillings out of the twenty Shillings, which he is elsewhere directed to pay to the officers of she parish or town, for every man inlisted by virtue of this act,

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 8; [1757.

and the remainder only of the said twenty (hidings shall in that

case be paid to such officers.

Clerks to be

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, appointed by That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commission-ofW8°at Their ers>at gtnera* meeting aflerabled, to appoint a clerk to

sint general attend them, then and at each of their subsequent meetings, and meeting. for the of of the several (ub-divisions, to appoint a Clerks to be cJerk to attend them at their respective meetings in each sub-di-auendhig thei°n wherein soldiers are to be lifted as aforesaid; and such remeeting of spective clerks, as a reward for their labour and pains in the exe-commissioners cution of this act, shall be intitled to and shall receive for every in their fab- man w^0 shall be lifted in pursuance of this act, at the meetings ChrkTto be whereon they shall respectively attend, the sum of two shillings paid by the of lawful money of Great Britain, to be paid by the respective officer is. for officer who shall receive such new raised men respectively. ffltJ ma°in

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, lifted. That the said of, or such of them as shall be pre-

The second sent at such meeting for lifting of soldiers as aforesaid, shall cause and sixth fee- t^e second andfixth feltions of the articles of war against mutiny-articles of war anc* desertion, to be read to such new raised men, in the presence to be read of the said of then there; and the said commission -before com- ers, or the major part of them present, shall forthwith cause an entry or memorial to be made, in a book or books to be kept by ^rai them or their clerks for that purpose of the names of such new Names of the raised men, and of the parishes or places of their lad abode (if men, parish, they can be known) and of the time and place when and where time of inlist- fucj1 men were delivered to the said officers or persons appoint-emered in a* ec* to rece, ve riiem, and the names of the officers or persons book. who received them, and for what regiment or company they were

so received, and the sums paid, and shall cause true copies or Attested copy duplicates of such entries, attested by the said commissionerst or thereof to be any three or more of them then present, within forty days after wkhindelivering such men as aforesaid, to be transmitted into the days, to the admiralty or office of his Majesty's secretary at war for the time admiralty, or being, to be compared with the muster-roll; and every clerk for office ot fccrc- every neglect or default, in not transmitting the said copies or on^penaTtVof duplicates of such entries, to the admiralty or office of the fe-jol. cretary at war as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

Application of one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-the penalty, ceflors, and the other moiety to such person or persons who Commence- ni^orm or sue for fame> m ^ome the courts of record

mentoffol- at Westminster, or the court of sessions in Scotland; and it dier's pay. is hereby declared, that the pay of every such new raised man, so After articles delivered to the officers or persons appointed to receive them as foldTeVs^eem- aforef?*d, shall commence from the time of his being taken and ed to be lilted* secured as aforesaid; and from and after such delivery as aforesaid rubied to said, and reading the said articles of war, every person so raif-martial law. ed shall be deemed a lifted soldier to all intents and purposes, Ibn to he taken anc* to discipline of war, and in case of de-

out of the fer- fertion, shall be proceeded against as a deserter by any law now vice, but for in force, or by any law to be made for punishment of deserters;

and

by

1757.] Anno tricesimo GEORGirlT. "c. 8* ig

and no person so listed, shall be liable to be taken out of his Mai- f°m* criminal jesty's service, by any process other than for some criminal maUeIV matter.

XXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the autho- Commission-Tity aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the of, ers present at who shall have been present at any such meeting where any new the delivering raised man shall have been delivered over as aforesaid, or for the crust, 5mayap-major part of them, upon the demand of such man, or of any points further other person on his behalf, signified to their clerk within four meeting $ days after such meeting, and by him notified to each of the said of, to appoint a further meeting of the same of, to be holden within six days after the making of such > demand; and if upon further and more certain information, a?d finding the said of, or the major part of them at such fur-

ther meeting, shall find that such new raised man was not, at the feription oftfoe time of his being delivered over as aforesaid, within the deferip- aft, are t<y tien of this act, they are hereby required to certify the same certify the under their hands and seals to his Majesty's secretary at war, who cr!Ttar°at war* on the receipt of such certificate shall cause the man to be forth- and th^man* withdischarged, upon his paying to the officer to whom he w^s to be dif-delivered over, the sum of six pence for his maintenance for Charged, upon each day that he shall have been detained, under the authority ^fsyfXfiftc°nce-of this act; and the clerk appointed by the of shall money! CnCC" repay to such officer (without fee or other deduction) the feve- officer to be ral rams before paid to him by the said officer, and shall giye repaid, and back the receipts taken as above directed, in exchange for a copy re£flptV°* of the man's discharge \ and in case no such discharge shall have ifnodifc*har^e been obtained as aforesaid, then the said clerk shall, after the ex- be obtained/ piration of fourteen days, from the time that such new raised clerk to pay man was delivered over as aforesaid, pay over, without fee or °ver the sums deduction, to the persons respectively intitled thereto, under the the proper° dhredtions of this act, the several sums deposited in his hands for persons; that purpose.

XXII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained None to be in-Shall be construed to extend to impower the said of l^d 'till the to inlist any person as a soldier until the several Turns herein di- |«^papWe^ reeled to be paid by the respective officers appointed to receive aye

such new raised men, shall be first paid to the person or persons respectively authorized to receive the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, officers may That the officer or officers, and other person or persons appoint- secure im.

fd so attend the said of, and to receive such impress- Preflfed men. ed men, shall, in case he or they shall find it necc&ry, lecure such impressed men in some secure house or place to be provided by the justices of the peace in their petty or special sessions fot that purpose; but in case no such house or place shall be so provided, then in the gaol of the county, town or place where such man shall be received into his Majesty's service, or in the house of correction, or other* publick prison of such county, town or place where debtors are not usually confined; and the keeper of rach gaol, house of correction or prison shall receive such im-

20 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. ff.

[1757.

pressed men until they can be removed, without fee or reward; Keeper to be ?nd such keeper shall be allowed the usual subsistence for Cdch

...men during the time they shall remain there, from the officer by

whom they shall be delivered as aforesaid; and the constables, headboroughs, and other civil officers, shall (if required) be affixing to such officer in conveying such man or men, to such secure place, gaol or house of correction; and shall be allowed such reasonable sum or Turns, as the major part of the of then present shall appoint to be paid by the officer or officers who shall require such afliftanfce.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority a-era may levy a That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said coin-

fine not ex- missioners, or any three or more of them, to impose upon any ceeding 10l. gaoler or keeper of a house of correction or prison, who shall on gaoler for suffer any person committed to his custody in pursuance of this and onpanfli1* a<^ to e^caPe> or uPonanY high constable, churchwarden, oyer-

allowed their

subsistence-

money.

Civil officers, if required, to be aiding in securing the m.

officers for neglect of duty.

Persons obstructing the execution of this act to forfeit xol.

seer, petty constable, headborough, tythingman, or other parish or town officer, for every wilful neglect or default in the execution of any warrant, order or precept, to them or any of them directed in pursuance of this act, a fine not exceeding ten pounds; qnd to cause every such fine to be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owners, and to pay the said fine to the informer or informers.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any act or thing whereby the execution of this act, in the searching for, taking and securing such able-bodied men as aforesaid, shall be hindered or frustrated, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding ten pounds, to the use of the informer or informers; and all and every such offences may be enquired of, heard and finally determined by any two or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, dwelling in or near the place where such offence shall be committed, who have hereby power to cause the said penalty to be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owners; and if the offenders have no goods and chattels sufficient to answer the said penalty, then to commit him or her to the county gaol or house or correction, there to remain for the space of three months, without bail or mainprize.

XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That

have a vote in this act shall not extend to the taking or levying any person to the election of serve as a soldier, who shall make it appear-to the Satisfaction of wrfiament of then present, that he hath any vote in the pariam n, ejC(^jon Of any or members to serve in parliament, inany county, city, borough, town, port or place within the kingdom of Great Britain.

XXVII. And it is hereby enacted, That no person who at the time of the execution of this act, shall have any military office or employment in Great Britain (other than in the militia) shall

For want of distress, offender to be committed.

Persons who

not liable to be lifted.

No military officer may be a commissioner.

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 8. it

shall execute any power or authority by this act given to of as aforesaid.

[Limitiation of

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action, plaint, suit or information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons, for

what he or they shall do in pursuance or execution of this act, the same shall be commenced within six months after the offence committed, and such person or persons so sued in any court whatsoever, shall and may plead the general issue Not guilty, Gcncrai jffuc# and upon any issue joined, may give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer a discontinuance, or if a verdict pass against him, the defendant shall recover treble costs $ for which they shall have the like remedy, as xreWe cods, in any case where costs by the law are given to defendants.

XXIX. And for the better obviating such frauds and abuses ^Q or as may be practised in discharging of soldiers; it is hereby fur- marine to be ther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no private soldier discharged who shall be auly lifted into his Majesty's service by virtue of withoura eer-this act (during the time such soldier shall remain in Great Britain) shall be discharged from his Majesty's service, without the &c.

consent of the colonel, or in his absence, the field officer commanding in chief the regiment, first had and obtained in writing under their hands and seals for that purpose, in which writ- of which a ing the cause of his discharge shall be expressed, and a duplicate duplicate to or copy of every such discharge, forthwith transmitted to the be transmitted secretary at war, to be by him kept and entered in a book; or if Jary at warJ a marine, without the consent of the lord high admiral, or the^of of the admiralty for the time being first had and officer break-obtained; and any officer that shall presume to discharge any fol- ing this order, dier inlisted pursuant to this act, in any other manner contrary be cashier-to this act, shall for such offence be cashiered. cd*

XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That every impressed men person who shall be impresseej upon this act, after he shall have after five continued in the military service of his Majesty, his hdrs and successors during the space of five years, if the wa f shall then be jf they^cs ended, or otherwise at the end of the war, shall be at liberty if mand it.y he think fit to demand his discharge from the colonel, or in his

absence, the officer commanding the regiment or company to which he shall belong, and such discharge shall be granted to him gratis in writing under the hand of such colonel or officer, who is hereby impoweredand required to give the same accordingly; any thing herein contained to the contrary notw'ith-(landing.

XX aI. And be it further enacted, That the said several clerks to be clerks to the said of, provided the said copies or du- rewarded for

!>licates be duly transmitted into the office of the admiralty, or 5heir trouW ecretary at war, as aforesaid, shall have and receive by the hands of the paymasters of his Majesty's land forces and marines, or p^lf£ one of them, such rewards as the lord high treasurer or commis- F sioners of the treasury for the time being, upon consideration of


His Majesty, may suspend by proclamation, See. the execution of this act i

or may suspend or in-force the act, in any county or piace.

Persons employed in the execution of this act, exempted from the penalties of aft a 5 Car.

X. W. & M. fefT. i. c. S.

and 13 & 14. W. 3. c. 6.

Commissioners in England, not to act till they have taken the oaths appointed

by 1W. & M

lctf. 1 c 8. and 13 W. 3. c.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. S* m [1757.

the numbers of men lifted in the several counties, cities, boroughs, or other places, and the pains and charges of the several clerks in this service, shall judge the Taid clerks severally and respectively to deserve.

XXXII. Provided always, That his Majesty, when he shall be satisfied by the said returns of the of, or otherwise, that a sufficient number of recruits in the whole shall be raised for his present service, may be graciously pleased to suspend or flop the further execution of this act by proclamation, or order in council, or other publick notice in the London Gj-zette} any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. Provided also, That his Majesty, when he shall judge it; expedient for his service, may at any time suspend or enforce the execution of this act, in any county or place of Great Britain, by notice from his Majesty's secretary at war; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no commissioner, churchwarden, over-seer, constable, headborough, tythingman, or other parish or town officer, who shall be emplcwed in the execution oi this act, shall be liable for or by reason or such execution, to any of the penalties mentioned in an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, Par preventing dangers which may happen from popish resufants; or in one other, act made in the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary^t intituled An act for abrogating the oaths of allegiance.and supremacy, and appointing other oaths y or in one other act made in the parliament holden in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of the late King William the Third, intituled An act for the further security of his Majesty's person, and the fvccettion of the crown in the protestant line; and for the extinguijhwg the hopes, of the preLnded prince of Wales, and all other pretenders, and their open andfecret abettors.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person or persons hereby appointed to be a commissioner or of for any county, riding, city, borough, cinque port or place, of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed (except such as duly qualified themselves to be justices of the peace, or of for executing the said act for the land tax made and passed in the twenty eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, or any subsequent act or acts of parliament for that purpose) shall be capable, in England\ Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, of acting as a commissioner or of in the execution of this act, or executing any the powers of the of therein mentioned (unless it be the power hereby given of administei ing oaths) until such time as he or they respectively shall have taken the oaths appointed by an act of parliament made in the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for the abrogating the oaths of supremacy and allegi-ante, and appointing other oaths j and alfp in the said. aft, intituled,

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 8. 3

An act for tbi further femrity of his Majestfs perfott, and the

fiucession of the crown in the protestant line 5 and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and all other pretenders, and

their open and secret abettors; which oaths it shall and may

lawful to and for any two or more of the said of l^x^rVinSt^iw

adoiinifter, and they are hereby required to administer the same have qualified

to any other of the said of; and that no person or themfdve* as

persons hereby appointed to be a commissioner or commissionersheJ?w* there

for any part ot Scotland (except such as duly qualified themselves, ireet#

according to the laws of Scotland, to be of there for executing the said a£k for the land tax made and passed in the twenty eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, or any subsequent auft or acts of parliament for that purpose) shall be capable of a&ingasa commissioner or of in the execution of this present act in any part of Scotland, until such time as he or they respectively shall have duly qualified themselves according to the laws of Scotland for that purpose.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Commission-period hereby appointed a commissioner for any county, city, town or place, in England, IValts, or Berwick upon Tweed (ex- fore^iylUVe eept as before excepted) shall presume to act as a commissioner taken the in the execution Of this act, before he (halt have taken the said oaths, oaths'which by this act he is required to taakd, and in the mariner hereby prescribed, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the sum Of two hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, or on forfeit xoo 1. the ^afe, bill, salt or Information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, wager f law, or moCe than one, imparlance shall be allowed; and that if any person hereby appointed a commissioner for ahy Shire, stewartry, burgh or place in Scotland (except as before excepted)

shall presume to zA as a commissioner in the execution of this before that he shall have qualified himself according to the laws'in Scotland, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the sum of fifty and commis-pounds, to be recovered in the court of exchequer in Scotland, fionersinScot-in the same manner as any other penalties are there recoverable. land» 5° 1*

XXXVII. Provided also, That in case there shall not be a Commission-sufficient number of of for any city, borough, town, er$ for the port or place of Great Britain (for which by this zA commis- ru gty&cat sioners are specially appointed) capable of aefling according to the ^a^etTor'respective qualifications required by this zA, then and in every any city, &c. inch case, any the of appointed for the county,

ihirc or stewartry at larger within which such city, borough, town or place doth stand, or which is next adjoining thereto, may; act as of in the execution of this a#, within such city, borough, town, port or place; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the author Q£alifica^n rity aforesaid, That no commissioner of the land tax, not being^J.1^"* a justice of the peace, or a magistrate of a corporation or a bo- tjes at |arg* rough, shall be capable of acting as a commissioner in the exe-within Eug-cution of this act> or of any of the powers therein'eontain-U, ui«

C 4 cd.

214 A&oo trfccfmo Gdaitoii Ih ^1757-

_r td, ro oriforai^cauaty it ba^o within Englandptbn dominion of Wales*\ (thccounties of Angleyfey* Atferioneth* Qtrdigimj Coer-TtkirAben^ Glamorgan* MontgomerysPembroke* Caernarvon w&Mm-mouthexcited)or inor for any of the ridings in fhtcounty of York* nnlcis fuoft person by himself, or his tenants or trustees was taxed, or did pay tin the famt county or riding, far the table of one hundred pounds per annum or more of his-own eftat8) by virtue of the said act, for the land tax made and pafibd in England, in the twenty eighth year of his Majesty's reign, or any subsequent act or acts of parliament for thatpufpoTo, or unless fqch personTo appointed to be a commissioner, shallat the time of the execution of this act, by himself, his tenants or trustees, enjoy an estate of lands, tenements or hereditaments^ of the said yearly value of one hundred pounds ormorewith-in the said county or riding respectively $ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Person* dif-

XXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any per-abied* prefum- son intended by this act to be disabled for the cause WWnen-hi£ toa&* turned, shall nevertheless presume to act as a corormffionerin tortex 1. execiHjon Gf this act, or any of the powers therein contained, every such person for such offence, shall forfeit the fifty pounds, to any person or persons who will inform of fae for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty*? courts of record at Westminster* or in the Exchequer of Scotland atafore-said,

Commission-

XL. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby coacted; That ers may aft no person who is appointed to be & commissioner son executing for any city, this 3# in any part of Great Britain, shall be disabled for i the tantS or Vnns cal*k last mentioned from a (Sling as a commissioner, withanand 0*ng^ftr mns for any city, borough, cinque port, or corporate town Only, whereof he shall be an inhabitant at the time of the execution, of this act, or from acting as a commissioner within anytof the inns of court or inns of Chancery, »v

XU, And whereas fme doubts may arise whether mayors* baihjfj, ^and other chief magi/i rates of cities, boroughs, towns corporate: and

1 cinque ports, for with of are specially appointed by virtue of this act* can aft as of for executing this act in ibtsaid cities* boroughs* towns corporate and cinque ports; be it further en-Mayors bai- 5K^C<^ by tbt authority aforesaid, That all mayors, bailiffs; and liffs.&c* to" other chief magistrates who are appointed of for ex-aft a^c«uiuf* ecuting this act, shall be, and have power to aftas commission-fjonerarpodal- ers fa executing this act; within and for any city;: borough, fy appointed. town corporate or cinque port, wherein they inhabit at thetim* of executing this act, as well where of art fpqciaMy appointed by this act, as where they are not.

XLII. And whereas it may often be expedient for his Majesty's service, that the of hereby appointed* flail execute this, aft' J in cities, towns* or other places, when it may not he convenient to emu

f yf force the execution thereof through the county in which'fitch city,

>1/ i town or phee shall be respectifuely situate; be it therftbre enabled*by^htjJwitbQrity sforefiod, That the mayor or^ othetidiifif ids*

11: gift rate

ITS?*]* Ah«> tHctter GtfoRGti II;$

giftnate of tdtrfxity^ town! or phrod, shall (upon receiving no- Civil magi-tkefbrtiiat^jurpose fromtbefecretaryat war) immediately pro- "P°n

oeerf to put this* ad in execution within their respective jurisdic- the^ecretvy toons, to the same manner to sdl intents and purposes, as if such at war, to en-raayor, or other chief magistrate, had received such notice from force this act the flforiffof the county in whkh such city, town or place shall hl# iu" befefpcftivety situate; any tiling in this act contained to the 111 1 on' contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII. And it is hereby provided and enacted, That no bai- Bailiffs fol-lifPs follower or assistant, employed or belonging to any sheriff, lowers and af-hailiff of liberties, marshalsea court, or any other person or persons that Aidll be so employed, by any one that shall have the by this act/ power of executing any warrant or process whatsoever, shall be deemed thereby to follow or exercHe any calling or employment, arto bave a sufficient support and maintenance within the intent and meaning of this act.

JCLiVj Andforofinuch as great inconveniences may happen by im-prtffm& mm, during the time of hafvefi; be it therefore enacted ^al?ourer, by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fifth ^iSc^ts^ day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, until not liable to thr twenty fifth day of G&dber following, no harvest labourer, be impressfed or person working at hay harvest or com harvest work within1? harycft the time aforesaid, within the kingdom of Great Britain, shalltune-be imprefied by virtue of this act, but shall be free and exempt* cd from the same during the time aforesaid, provided they have a ddftificateonder the hands of the mmister, and of one church-yrardcaw ovofeer of the poor, or elders of the pari (W or place wAieieth^ydive, allowed under the hand and seal of one justice

the peace of the same county, Shire, stewaitry, riding, city t

at place* which certificate shall be given gratis.

; JEbNb And for the more eofy and bitter putting tins ait in execution y be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any three or Commission-more of for putting this act in execution, in the fe- «rs for exe. vkcal f idingsof the county of York (being justices of the peace) ther though not all of the same riding, may, within the cattle of of York. York* or.limits thereof, execute the powers of this act.

XLVI. And whereas divers soldiers who have deserttd his Maje-ftfs fertme, ^bote been harboured in a certain place called Threap-tarood* lying within or near the counties of Chester and Flint, or.-

esse of thorny and adjoining to the town/Cuddington in the said county of Chester; be it further enacted by the authority afore- Corotwffion-foid*. That the of hereby appointed for the county of* jot c*e" ChejUer, and the officers of the said; town of Cuddington, shall^xTfreap-tfcecutf this act in the said place called Tbreapweod* according Wood. 1 to the true intent and meaning thereof.

XLYILAnd be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Officer not at. That if at any of the meetings of the of by this act tending to reappointed* in any of their ftib-divisions, they shall not be attended by Tome proper officer appointed for the receiving of re- ers may a<*-" tntits, eahdr through negligence or any unavoidable accident, joum, and or-

tkta and in that case, it shall and may be lawful to ar*k for the der the d«-.' tention of the

26 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 8. [1757.

impressed said of to adjourn themselves to fonac other convent nient day, and they are hereby authorized to give directions for

detaining in custody, all such persons as shall have been then brought before them by the parish officers to be inlisted, or such of them as they shall think duly qualified for his Majesty's ferine* of ad- v'ce i and the said of shall give notice to any of tho journment to officers attending on this fprvice, in the county or place where be given to such sub-divisions shall lie, of the day of such adjournment*anjC* l^c °ccr thereby required, either to attend himself, krvicef Stc. or to appoint some other officer to attend such of, and to receive such persons as the said of shall inlist into his Majesty's service; and the officer so receiving the re-Sbfiitence^ cr°it8J shall Pay to such person as the of shall ap-moneylfor point, six pence per diem* for the fubfiileoce.of every, recruit then, every recruit; inlisted, from the day of the l$ft meeting of the of, to the said day of adjournment, the same to be charged to the account of the several regiments or companies into which the and incidental faij rccpuits shall be inlisted, together with such charges and ex-charfiC* peaces as shall appear to the said of to have been incurred on account of the detaining the said persons from the., day of the former meeting of the said of, to the day.

of such second meeting, not exceeding three pounds.

[Continuance of this act.]

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, and every thing herein contained, shall be and continue in force until the end of the next session of parliament.

Form for

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*

making cn- That the several entries which the of of the land to Oie>aftfUant tax arc^a<^ required to make, of the names and deferip-

c a*tiens of all volunteers, and also of all impressed men, together with the other particulars herein before directed, be made according to the form hereunto annexed.

Recruits j Name. 4 Cl a. Hei w <U u. Inches. Sd C Description of the Recruits. For what corps pressed. For what corps entered voluntarily. it Cl. e a e o -z 33 Officer who received or refuse^l the recruit, a id on what day. On what grounds refused.

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 9.

CAP. IX.

An act to prohibit for a limited time the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, starch, beef, pork, bacon, and other visual (except fish and roots and rice, to be exported to any port of Europe southward of Cape Finiflterre) from his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America, unless to Great Britain or Ireland, or to same of the said colonies and plantations; and to permit the importation of com and flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral ships; and to allow the exportation of wheat, barley, oats, meal and flour, from Great Britain to the isle of Man, for the use of the inhabitants there.

WHEREAS the exportation of any sort of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, breaa, biscuit, starch, beef, pork, bacon, or anf other fort of vittual, from any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, may, at this time, be greatly prejudicial to his Majesty's subjects; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present, parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no person Enumerated or persons whatsoever, at any time or times during the continuance of the present war with France, shall, directly or indi- be°cxlported redly, export, transport, carry, convey, or cause or procure to from the Bribe exported, transported, carried or conveyed out of or from any tish plants -of the British colonies or plantations in America, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board, any wfth C ship or other vessel or boat, in order to be exported or carried France, out of the said colonies or plantations, any sort of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, (larch, beef, pork, bacon, or other fort of visual, whether the said commodities shall, or shall not be, the produce or manufacture of, or made in the respective colonies or plantations from whence the same shall be designed to be exported, under the penalties and forfeitures herein after mentioned; that is to say, That all the said commodities that shall be so exported, shipped or laid on board, or loaded to be exported, shipped or carried out contrary to this act, shall be forfeited, and that every offender or offenders therein, shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings of lawful money of Great Britain, for every bushel of corn, grain, meal, malt or flour, and twelve pence of the like money, for every pound weight of'bread, biscuit, (larch, beef, pork, bacon, or other victual, apd so in proportion For any greater or less quantity, which shall be so exported, shipped or put on board to be exported, and also the ship, boat or vessel, upon which any of the said commodities shall be exported, shipped or laden to be exported, and all her guns, tackle, apparel and furniture shall be forfeited; and pne moiety of all such penalties and forfeitures shall be to the

a8 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 9. Cf757*

King's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that will Cue for the same; which said penalties and forfeitures shall be recovered in the high court of admiral-ty9 or any other chief court of civil or criminal jurisdicUon, in such respective colonies or plantations; and that the matter and mariners of any such ship, boat, or vessel, wherein any such offence shall be committed, knowing such offence and wittingly and willingly aiding and assisting the reunto, and being thereof duly copvifted in any such courts as aforesaid, shall be imprisoned for the space of three months without bail or mainprize.

Officers im-

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That k? to(r anc* ma^ toan<l for any person or persons, being

ao^comm^i-an °cer or °cers of the customs, or being lawfully authorized tie, .*in this behalf by the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or the

1 of of the treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, to take or seize all such of the said commodir ties hot allowed to be exported by this act, or by his Majesty's foyal proclamation, or such order of council in pursuance of this act, as he or they shall happen to find, know or discover, to be laid on boafd ^ny ship or other vessel or boat at sea, or in any port, or in any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpose to be exportea, transported or conveyed out of any of the said colonies or plantations, contrary to the true intent of this act; and also the ship, vessel or boat in which the same shall be found, and to bring the said goods to the King's warehouse or warehouses, belonging to the custom-house next to the place where such seizures shall be made, or to some other safe place (where there are no such warehouses) in order to be proceeded again# according to law, and in case of recovery, to be divided according to the directions of this act. vifioM SrSipi Prided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-

on their voy- rity aforesaid, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shallge*not extend to prohibit the exportation or carrying out of such or

lo much of the said commodities as shall be necessary to be car- f ried in any ship or ships, or other vessel or vessels in their felpec-

tive vdyages, for the sustenance, diet and support of the commanders, matters, mariners, pafleneers or others, in the same ships or vessels only, or for the victualling or providing any of his Ma-n^for the jetty's ships of war, or other ships pr vessels in his Majesty's fer-foreeMortsor v^ce> or for his Majesty's forces, forts or garrisons; any thing garrisons ex- herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. cepted.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority

Tj^.*?ld com- aforesaid, That this act, or any tiring herein contained, shall not beoan^ihmi extend to prohibit the exportation of any of the said commodi-the (kid oolo- ties from the said colonies or plantations to Great Britain or /rcritics or planta- land, or from any of the said colonies or plantations, to any other tiens to Great of the said colonies or plantations, or from any other port or place in land'&c.r rC" any one ^e c°I°nics or plantations, to any Port or place 9*in such colony or plantation respectively, so as the exporter do

before the shipping or laying on board the same, declare the king-

and lodge the some in the King's warc-hbuies.

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c., 9. 29

kingdom, istand, plantation or colony, and the port or place foetal inS out a which the said commodities are respectively designed, and takcc?^ora.outkeodquet orcocquets, expressing the particulars of such cora-^ngfccurity. modifies, 2nd do likewise become bound with two sureties of6 known refid^nce in the said colonies or plantations, and of ability to answer the penalty mentioned in the bonds, in treble the vahieof such commodities, to the chief officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, or the naval officer, or some other principal officer belonging to the port or place where the same shall be shipped or put on board, or to such person or persons as shall be appointed for that purpose, by the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or the of of the treasury for the time beings or any thtffte or more of them (who are hereby impowered to take such security in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty* use) that such commodities shall not be landed or fold in any parts whatsoever, other than the kingdom, istand, plantation, colony, port or place respectively, for which the same shall be so declared, and that a certificate under the hand and seal, or hands and fealsof the collech>r, comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs, or if no such, of the naval officer or some other principal officer of the port or place where the same shall be landed, or such person or persons as shall be appointed for that jHirpose by the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or the of of the treasury for the time being, or any three or'more of them, shall, within the respective times herein after \

mentioned (the danger of the seas excepted) be returned to the officer or officers, or person or persons, to whom such security shall have been given as aforesaid, that the said commodities, exr 'prefltng the particulars thereof, have been landed at the port or place for which the same shall have been so declared; and for the taking of such security, and giving such cocquets andeertifi- - /

cates (which the respective officers and persons aforesaid arp hereby on demand required to give) no fee or reward shall bp demanded or received; and if any such officer or person shall Penalty on offtake any false certificate of any such commodities being so ficer making a landed, such officer or person shall forfeit the fuin of two hun-fc, fc certifi-dred pounds, and lose his employment, and be incapable of serv-catC| ing his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any office relating to the customs; and if any person shall counterfeit, rale or falfifyandonperlw iny cocquet or certificate, or knowingly publish any such coun- coanterfeiting terfeit, r a fed or false cocquet or certificate, he shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and such cocquet or certificate shallcatw* 1

be void and of none effect; which said penalties for offences committed in America, shall be recovered in the same courts. Penalties and in the same manner, as the other penalties inflicted by this wh«re to be act ate recoverable; and for offences which shall be committedreco, crt In that part of Great Britain called England* such penalties shall be recovered by adhon of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or before the justices ofalsize, or at the great sessions in Irenes, or by in-fortnation at any general quarter sessions of the peace for the county

30

Officer suspec

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. [* 757-

county, city, riding, division or place, where the offence shall be committed; and in such suit no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law shall be allowed; and for offences which shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland\ by action or summary bill or information in the court of sessions or exchequer in Scotland; and for offences which shall be committed in Ireland, in his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, or at the general quarter-sessions of the peace for the county, city or place, where the offence shall be committed; and for offences which shall be committed in any other of the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain in Europe, in the high court of admiralty, or any other chief court of civil or criminal jurisdiction in such dominions respectively; and such penalties wheh recovered, shall be divided in equal moieties between his Majesty and the informer; and upon all actions, suits and informations, that shall be brought, commenced, or entered in the said colonies and plantations upon this act, the offences may be laid or alledged to have been committed in any colony, province, county or precinct, within the said plantations, at the pleasure of the prosecutoror informer.

V. Provided also, That in case the officer or officers, or per-ting certificate son or persons, to whom any certificate shall be returned, shall to be false, not have cause to suspect that such certificate is false and counterfeit, bonds*thC kQn<fe shall not be cancelled or the security vacated, until such officer or officers, or person or persons, shall have been informed from the person or persons in whose name such certificate shall appear to have been granted, that the matter and contents of such certificate are just and true.

Commodities

VI. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall ?afanVaorla-€Xten^ or be construed to extend to prohibit the transporting, crof^rivers carrying, or conveying any of the commodities herein before mentioned, by land, or across rivers, by common ferries, or up or down the said rivers, or across harbours where clearances have not usually been taken, from any one of the said plantations or colonies to any other plantations or colonies, or to any part of the same plantation or colony, or to subject the persons transporting, carrying or conveying, or causing to be transported, carried or conveyed, any of the said commodities in manner aforesaid, to any of the restrictions or regulations herein before prescribfed, with respect to such commodities exported by sea, from one colony to another.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That the said bond or bonds (if not prosecuted within threeyears) shall be void.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no-cleared ibefore thing in this act contained shall extend to any of the commodi-25 March tj€S aforesaid, which shall be cleared out of any custom-house exportTdf*n any°fhc colonies or plantations before the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

His Majesty by

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-prodamation, said, That in case his Majesty at any time or times during the

Sec. from one plantation to another.

Bonds to be sued within 3 years.

Commodities,

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 9. ji

continuance of this act, shall in his royal discretion judge it to or order in be expedient to permit the exportation of corn, and other the council, may at commodities aforesaid, or any of them, from the said colonies JhTexpor-

and plantations, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for tation of corn, his Majesty by his royal proclamation or proclamations to be if- See from the sued, by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his Ma- colonies or jesty's order in council, from time to time, to permit and suffer P,nUt, ons* all and singular his Majesty's subjects (but hot any particular person or persons) to export or carry out of all of the said colonies or plantations in any ship or mips, vessel or vefleis, duly navigated, owned, and qualified according to law ro trade there, all or any of the commodities aforesaid to all or any other place or places, and upon or without giving security for the landing thereof in such place or places, and returning certificates of such landing, as to his Majesty shall seem meet, and as in such pro-, damation or proclamations, or such orders of council, shall be expressed and declared; any thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Times limited all certificates of the landing and aifeharging of the said commo- of returning dities to be exported, shall be returned within the respective from the ports times following; that is to say. Where the bonds are taken in where the com, respect of any of the said commodities to be exported to Great See. hat beea Britain or Ireland within eighteen calendar months after the landed« date of the said bonds; and in respect of any of the said v commodities to be exported from any of the said colonies or plantations to any other of the said colonies or plantations, or from any

port or place in any one of the said colonies or plantations, to any other port or place in such colony or plantation respectively, within twelve calendar months after the date of such bonds respectively.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Prohibition rity aforesaid, That this act shall not extend to prohibit the ex- to exporting portation of any rice from the said colonies or plantations di- of rice, reftly to any part of Europe southward of Cape Finisterre, but

that rice shall and may be shipped and exported directly to any part of Europe southward of the said cape, in such manner as the same might have been exported if this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho- Fish or roots rity aforesaid, That this act shall not extend to any fish or roots ^ay0^e(^£ied* which shall be exported or carried coastwise, but that fish and coastwise. roots of all forts shall and may be exported and carried coastwise, in such manner as the same might have been exported or carried coastwise, if this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And whereas by an act passed this present session of parlia- ^ct of tins fee ment, intituled', An act to prohibit, fora rime to be limited, the exportation of com, malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit and starch, it

was exalted. That no person, at any time before the twenty fifth <iiy of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty fcveti, Should ex-

port.

A110? tric^funp Qbq^SU IL c, gu [*>57. pert* Y&*! 4*4 of or from thekingd^ms of Great Britain IfC*

land, any sort of corn, meal, jnfllt, flour, bread, biscuit orjlarch* uo- der the penalties and for f situ res therein motioned; but with several provisions and savings in the said act contained: And whereat the in habitants of the isle of Man lave, far several years UJl past, hetnfyp^ pUed with conftaerable quantities of corn* meal and flour, from Great Britain and Ireland; and they are now in great want thereof, no Wheat, &c. provision or saving having been made in the said act for, flushing may be export, them therewith; be it therefore enacted by the authority afore* ed from South- said, That the said recited act, 6r any thing therein contained* Kxm^onto ^aI1 not extCQdt0 any wheat, barley, oats, meal or flour, to bef the isle efMan, transported out of or from the ports of Southampton or Exeter only, unto the said isle of Man, for the only use of the inhabitants of that istand, so as the exporter, before the lading of such wheat, barley, oats, meal or flour, or laying the lame on board, do become bound, with other sufficient security (which the cu- ftomer or comptroller of either of the said ports respectively hath liercby power to take in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use, and for which security no fee or reward shall be given or taken) that such wheat, barley, oats, meal or flour, shall be landed in the said isle of Man (the danger of the Teas only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants there, and shall not b« landed or fold in any other parts whatsoever, and to return the like certificates of the landing the same there, as are by the said act required on thqexportation of the said commodities to the British not more than colonies in America, and within the time for that purpose therein#500 quarters. mentioned; J^dfo as the whole quantity of wheat, barley, oats, meal or flour, which, at any time or times after the passing this act, and before the said twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, shall be shipped at both the said ports One moiety to for the said isle ox Man as aforesaid, shall not exceed in the whole be shipped at two thousand five hundred quarters; one moiety whereof to be r*?^exported at the said port of Southampton, and the other moiety

thereof to be exported at the said port of Exeter; any thing in

Ad of this fcf- recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Con.*XIV. And whereas by an act made in this present session of parliament (intituled An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the duties upon corn and flour imported, and also upon such corn,

f'rain, meal, bread, biscuit and fhur, as have been, or shall be, taken rom the enemy, and brought into this kingdom) corn and flour is allowed to be imported into this kingdom, duty free, for and during such time as in the said act is mentioned: And whereas it is nectary that such importation flouid be allowed to be made in flips belonging to Corn and flour ctny flat e in amity with his Majesty, as well as in flips belonging to may be im- Great Britain, and from any port or place whatsoever; be it there* ported duty| fore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful, kuT'donTic^ during the time, and under the regulations, mentioned in the in'mity, ' into said act, for any person or persons whatsoever to import and bring into this kingdom, in any ship or vessel belonging to Great Br/* Great Britain, or to any kingdom or (late in amity with his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from any port or place whatsoever com

and

1 7$tA Anno tricesimo Georgii II. e;, to $3

and flour dvfy free 5 anjradhor acts of parliament to the cdb« tracyj&etwwithstanding.

XV. And whereas, iftbe importation of corn andfloor into Ireland lose permitted, for a limited time to be made in flips belonging to any-float insanity with his Majesty, the same may be of advantage to his' Adtjtfly'sfiebjefts; be it therefore enacted by the authority afore- or Ireland* said, That it shall be lawful, at anytime or times before the tweoffcy fourth day of dugnft next, for any person or persons whatsoever to import and bring'into the kingdom of Ireland, in

any ship or veflei belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, his heirs or successors, corn and flour from any port or place whatsoever; any act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants in any such adionor salt may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evh- General iffife

dence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the authority, of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or

discontinue his action* after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgment shall be given, upon any verdict or demurrer, against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants

shall, and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for Treble costi.

the lame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in orher cases by law,

CAP. X.

Ana& to prohibit for a limited time the making of low wines send spirits, from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or front any meal or flour.

w

HER ErAS it is expedient that the distillation or extraction Whtit and all -{flow wines orspirits, from wheat, barley, malt, and all other forts of grain, ftris of grain, Should be prohibited for a limited time \ be it therefore niea! ami flour, enacted by.ihe King's most excellent majesty, by and with the b^mUeVeof advice and consent of the lords fpicitual ?nd temporal and com- in distillation mons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority for % months* of the same, That from and after the eleventh day of Marchona c°n*inued by thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, no low wines or spirits

whatsoever shall be made, extracted, ordistilied, within this r^nabv^f 100l. kingdom, from any wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of and forfeiture grain, or from any meal or flour, for and during the space of two of.f, Mrh &* calendar month*.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That p -9during the time before limited, any distilter, or maker of bvtv^ines or (pirns, or any other person or persons whatsoever,

(halfSnake, extradi ordistil, or cause or procure to be made, extracted, os distilled, any low wines or spirits, from any wheat,

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. 'C. io.

[1757.

barley, malt, or other grain, or from any meal or flour; or shall use or mix, or cause or procure to be used or mixed, any wheat, barley, malt, or other grain, or any meal Qr flour, in any worts or wash, in order for the making, extracting or diddling, low wines or spirits; or shall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any tun, wash-batch, cask, copper, dill, or other vessel or utensil, any wheat, barley, malt or other gtfain, or any meal or flour, for the purpose of preparing any worts or wath, or for making, extracting or distilling, low wines or spirits, whether such tun, wash-batch, cask, copper, dill, or other vessel or utensil, hath or hath not been duly entered at the excise office; that then, and in each and every of the said cases, such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, or other person or persons acting contrary to the directions of this act, or the person or persons in whose custody or possession any such tun, wadibatch, Cask, copper, dill, or other vessel or utensil, which shall be made use of, contrary to the intention of this act, shall be found, shall respectively, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds 5 and all such wheat, barley, malt, and other grain, and such meal and flour, and such worts and wash, low wines and spirits, shall be also forfeited.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, All wheat, &c. That \f any wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, shall, within the rimeli-, n t'le t*me herein before limited, be found in any workhouse, still-mited, in any«house, dorehouse, warehouse, or any other place, wherein low work-house, wines or spirits, or worts or wadi, shall be made, extracted, di-&c* l«"if, ng stilled or prepared, or where any low wines or spirits, or worts forfeited and or wa^» shall have been made, extracted, distilled or prepared, aooj.*since the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, all such wheat, meal and flour shall be forfeited, and the person or persons in whose possession such workhouse, still-house, storehouse, warehouse, or plate shall be, shall, for every such offence respectively, also forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

macntcrCfu- That during the time herein before limited, it shall be lawful spe&edhouses, for any person or persons, who shall be authorized for that purpose by the commissioners of excise for the time being, or any two or more of them, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or by one or more justice or justices of the peace in any other part of Great Britain, at any time or times^ with any officer of excise, to enter into any workhouse, still-house, storehouse, warehouse, or any other place wherein any low wines or spirits, or worts or wash shall be, or are suspectea to be made, extracted, distilled or prepared, or wherein low wines or spirits, or worts or wart) shall have been made, extracted, distilled or prepared, since the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and shall have free admittance into the Tame, and may irifpedt all the materials, veflfei* and utensils, therein contained (giving thereby as little interruption as may be to the business which shall be carrying on);

kn d

and iufpcft the materials and utensils therein;

i 1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. io.

and in case aby such officer of excise, shall have reason to fu-! sped that any wheat, barley, malt or other grain, meal or flour, is mixed in any worts or wash, or in any other material or preparation, for making, extracting or distilling low wines or spirits, it shall be lawful for such officer, at any time or times, during the said term, upon payment of two shillings and six pence, to take a fampje not exceeding two quarts, of any such worts or wash, material or preparation, which shall be found in any such house or other place as aforesaid; and in case any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, or the owner or occupier of any such house or place, or any workman or servant to any such distiller, owner or occupier belonging, shall refuse to admit such person or persons, as shall be so authorized, or any officer of excise, in* to any such house or place, or shall obstruct or hinder any such officer or perfbo or person*, in making such inspection as aforesaid, or shall not allow any such officer to take such faraple, after the said sum of two shillings and six pence shall be paid or tendered for the same, such distiller, owner or occupier, shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds; and it shall be lawful for any such officer of excise, or other person or persons authorized as aforesaid, having a warrant for that purpose from any two or more of the commissioners of excise* or any justice or justices respectively as afore* hid, to seize, take and carry away, all such wheat, wheat meal* and wheat flour, aa shall be found in any such house or other place, together with all the sacks, bags, and other things, in which the said commodities shall be contained.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits for sale or exportation, shall, after the eleventh day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and before the eleventh day of

ooe thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, be possessea of, or have in his, her or their custody or possession, or in the custo- dyor possession of any person or persons in trust, or for the ufeor benefit of such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, mor* than five quarters of wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, at any one time, in any one or more place or places (not being a place or places for preparing, making, extracting, distilling, or keeping worts or wash, low wines or spirits) every such distiller or maker of low wines and (pints, shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit all such wheat, meal and flour, exceeding the said quantity of five quarters, and also the sum of five pounds for every quarter so forfeited.

VI. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to inflid the said last mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, who shall be theadua! grower of wheat, and shall be possessed of any quantity of such wheat grown by hitruor her in the draw, or after the same is threftied out or separated from the draw 5 provided such wheat shall not be kept in his or her possession, or in the possession of any other person or persons in trust for him or her, for a greater space of

D 2 rime

35

and take farrt-pies, paying for the lame. Distiller rcfiifi ing admittance, or obstructing officer forfeits 100k

and the officer may feizr, an.4 carry away the wheat. See, found.

Distiller, or other person for him haying more than 5 quarters of wheat, &c. in his custody.

forfeits the same, and 5L Ipr every quarter.

DUtillers not, to forfeit for wheat of their own growth,

if fold within 20 days after being threili-ed j and not kept in work-house, See.

iS

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 10. [1757.

time than twenty days after the same shall be threshed or fepa"* rated from the draw; and so as such wheat be not kept in any place used for making, extracting or distillinglow wines or spirits, or for preparing or keeping worts or wash.

Dtftille 3 be

VII. Provided also, That this act shall not extend to inflict ing millers are kft mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any distiller

also exempted or maker of low wines jprspirits, who practises the trade of a from the said

penalty and forfeiture.

Officers, &c. may by warrant, enter.

have in them more than c

quarters

wheat.

miller, and who was possessed of, and worked any mill or mills for the grinding of wheat, on or before the first day of Jonuatjy one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, for or upon account of any quantity of wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, which shall, during the time herein before limited, be found in any such mill or mills; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any officer or officers of the excise, or any other or break open person or persons, shall, at any time or times, have cauieto lii-storehouses (pc& that any wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, exceeding the lufpected to quantity of five quarters, shall be laid or kept in any such store-house, warehouse, grainary, or other place or places, as aforesaid, belonging to any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, then, and in every such case* upon oath made by such officer or officers, or other person or persons, before the commissioners of excise for the time being respectively, or any two or more of them, or before one or more justice or justices of the peace residing near the place Where such officer or officers, or other person or persons, shall suspect the same to be laid and kept, setting forth the ground of his or their suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or justice or justices of the peace respedbve-ly, before whom such officer or officers, or other person or persons, shall make oath as aforesaid, (if he or they shall judge it reasonable) by special warrant under his or their respective hands and seals, to authorize and impower such officer or officers, or other person or persons, authorized as aforesaid, by day or by night (but if in the night, then in the presence of a constable, or other lawful officer, of the peace) to enter into all and every* storehouse, warehouse, grainary, or other place or places, where he or they shall so suspect that any wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of five quarters, as aforesaid, shall be laid or kept, belonging to any such distiller, or maker of low The wheat so wines or spirits; and to seize, take and carry away, all such found* to be wheat, meal and flour, as he or they shall so find (over and above way the <luantfty ^ve quarters, together with all the sacks, ca a* bags, or other things, wherein the same shall be contained); and distiller to and such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, or the person forfeit 51. lor or persons in whose custody or possession such wheat, ' meal or every fnper- flour, belonging to such distiller shall be found, shall, for every such offence reflectively, forfeit and pay the said penalty of five pounds for every quarter, exceeding the said quantity of five quarters \ and the said officer or officers, and ether person or

nutuenuy

quarter.

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 10.

37

persons, is or are hereby impowered by such warrant, together with such other person or persons as he or they shall take to his or their assistance, to enter such storehouses, warehouses, grain-aries, and other place or places, and break open the doors thereof, in case they be not forthwith opened on demand.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalties how That all penalties and forfeitures by this act imposed, shall be recover-filed for and recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and that the court Court may before whom the same shall be recovered, may, and are hereby mitigate the authorized (if they shall think fit) to mitigate all or any of the same 5 pecuniary penalties herein before inflicted, to any sum not less than one fourth part of the sum herein respectively mentioned; and that one moiety of all the penalties and forfeitures, when Application recovered, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc- thereof, ceflors; and the other moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same, or give information of, or discover the offence.

X. Provided always, That all suits, prosecutions or informa- Su*ts to be

dons, for offences committed against this act, shall be com- commenced menced and made within the space of two calendar months within two after the fad is committed, and not otherways; any thing here-, ?ontis atter in contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 1 eo ence*

XL. And whereas there have been contrails made by the distillers contrails for with several persons for yefi^ to be delivered and received at future delivery of times after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven bun- yelUufpended# dred and fifty six; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ThatSll contracts or bargains made by any distiller or distillers with any person or persons whatsoever, for any yeft to be delivered at any time during the continuance of this act, shall be, and are hereby declared to be suspended.

XII. And b it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Limitation of That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any per* action*. son or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of thisa&, such action or suit shall be commenced within the space of four calendar months next after the offence shall be committed, and if such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called England^ the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act General issue, and the special mater in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the juiy shall find for the defendant, or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontimje his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgment shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, «i\ebU cods, and have die like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law; and if such action or suit be commenced or prosecuted in that parti of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before whom f uch action or suit

3

shall

$ Arfnb fricefimb Georgii 1L C. 1t, t2.

[757*

shall be brought, shall allow the defender to plead this act on his defence; and if the pursuer shall not infill on his action, or'if judgment shall be given against such pursuer, the defender shall and may recover the full and read expellees he may have been put to by any such action or suit.

CAP. XL

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while onihore.*

CAP. XII.

An act to timend an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to render more effectual an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George, to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the woollen manufactures* and for better payment of their wages; and aMo an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty* for the better regulation of the woollen manufacture and for preveriting disputes among the persons concerned therein*and for limiting, a time for prosecuting for the forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid act* in case of payment of the workmens wages in any other manner than in money.

WHEREAS by an act made and passed in the twenty ninth

is G* i". c. 34]* year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act ijG] 1. c. 23!to render more effectual an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George* to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the woollen manufeSures* and for better payment of their wages; and also an act pallet! in the thirteenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, for the better regulation of the woollen manufacture* and for preventing disputes among the persons concerned therein; and for limiting a time for prosecuting for the forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid act, in case of the payment of the workmens wages in any other manner than iu money; it was, amongst other things, enacted, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundredetna fifty six, it Should be lawful for the ju-Jlices of the peace assembled at any of their general or quarter sessions held next after Michaelmas yearly, to male rates for the payment of wages to weavers, and others employed in the woollen manufactures, according to the number of yards that the chains are laid upon the warping bars, and not otherwise: which rates by the said act wtte to continue for one year from the making thereof: and whereas, from the great variety of the said manufacture of broad cloth, as well in respect to breadth and colour, as to the quantity and quality of the material of which the Jitme is composed, it is found impracticable'io form any general rate of wages that would be just, adequate, and fifitable to the several branches and circumstances of the said manufacture: and whereas great mischiefi and mconvemencies have ariftn,

and

1757.] Anno o tric^mo. Georgii II. c. 12..59

tftr^ awjr drift, from the exercist of the power and authority

given by the above recited act to the justices of the peace, to make rates for the payment of wages, as therein mentioned: for remedy whereof may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said recited act 'as ciaufein the enacts, That it shall and may be lawful for the justices of the recited* aft peace assembled at any of their general or quarter sessions held repealed, next, after Michaelmas yearly, to make rates for the payment of wages to weavers, and others employed in the woollen manufactures, according to the number of yards that the chains are laid upon the warping bars, and not otherwise, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*Agreement* That all or any contracts or agreements made, or hereafter to ^[^cn, clto-be made and entered into, between any clothier or maker of thierCandC °* mixed, medley or white broad cloth, and the weaver or weavers weaver, to be employed by such maker, in respect to any wages to be paid to binding j such weaver or weavers, shall, from and immediately after the

first day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, be, and are hereby declared to be good, valid and effectual, to all intents and purposes; any rate: made or to be made in pursuance of any law, Statute or usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^to cxtemJ That the aforesaid contracts or agreements shall extend only to only to the the actual prices or rates of workmanship or wages to be paid, wages, which ancf not to the payment thereof in any other manner than in fre tobe paid money, contrary to the intent and meaning of the said recited 1U monC)r# act or the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty's reign.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ci0thicr not That if any clothier or maker of any mixed, medley or white paying the broad cloth, shall refuse or oeglfect to pay to the weaver or same within*weavers employed by fiim or them his or their wages or price <jays afrer de-agreed on in money, within two days next after the work shall 0*c be performed and delivered to such employer, or some person

on his behalf (the same being demanded of such employer or person employed on his behalf); then and in every such case,

*very such clothier or person so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of forty shillings; to be reco- to forfeit 40 s. vered in such manner and form, and by such ways and means, and to be paid, applied, and disposed of, as the several penalties and forfeitures incurred and made payable by the said recifed act made in the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty's rpign, are thereby directed and appointed to be recovered and applied.

vV.W

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 13, 14.

CAP. XIII.

An act to rectify a mistake in an act passed this session of fftr-liament, intituled An act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty's land forces and marines.

his Majesty's land forces and marines; it is enacted, That for the encouragement of fit and able persons voluntarily to enter into his Met-jejlft servicey every person who Should voluntarily enter himself into his Majesty t service, in the manner therein mentioned, Should receive the sum of three pounds out of the money of the land tax arisen, or to arise % in the years one thousand seven hundred and fifty fit> and one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven: and whereas in the provision made by the said act for the repayment of part of the fmms so to be supplied out of such land taxes, for fiub encouragement as aforesaid, the word round is by mistake iiuertedy instead of the words three pounds; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afletn-

Porty shilling* kW* by the authority of the same, That it shall be law* of every three ful for the lord high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury 'pound* paid for the time being, to cause forty shillings of every three pounds out of the land which shall be so supplied out of the said land tax money for paid \nto the Payment of the encouragements aforesaid, to 'be repaid into jeicbequerby his Majesty's exchequer by the respective paymasters of his the paymasters Majesty's forces, out of such money as they shall receive for the the lows. said forces, to make good the respective credits on the said

land tates, and to be applied to the satisfafhon of such principal and interest (if any) as shall be remaining thereupon; any thing in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

An act for continuing an act of this present session of parliament intituled An act to discontinue, for a Him ted time, the duties upon corn and flour imported-, and also upon such corn, grain, meal, bread, biscuit and flour, as Have been, or shall be taken from the enemy, and brought into this kingdom.

WHEREAS an act made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act to discontinue, for a limited rime, the ^duties upon corn and flour imported; and also upon such corn, grain, meaj, bread, biscuit and flour, as have been, or shall be taken from the enemy, and brought into this kingdom, which will expire upon the twenty fourth day of August one thousand seven hundred and fifty f even, hath been found useful and beneficial: and whereas it is found necessary that the said act Should be continued for a longer time \ be it therefore enacted by the King's ojoft excellent majesty, by

intituled An act for

CAP. XIV.

and

*757*3

Annotrtfeffiro c. 15.

and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in thta present parliament assembled, and by thf authority of the same, That the said act shall be, and the Recited act same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, continued to until the fifteenth day of November next- ^xt°vein^cr

CAP. XV.

An act for continuing an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain*or from an^ meal or flout-

WHEREAS an act made in this present session of parliament, cap# 10# intituled An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines and spirit$ from wfieat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain; or from any meal or flour; which will expire upon the eleventh day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty /even, hath been found useful and beneficial: and whereat it is found neetjjafy that the said act Should be continued for a longer time \ be 11 foereforeenacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall be, and the same ^ontin^d is hereby continued from the expiration thereof, until the ele-0 Dec$m-yenth day of December next. ber nexh

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-Ws said, That in case his Majesty, at any time or times after the impowered by eleventh day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, proclamation and before the eleventh day of December one thousand seven or order of hundred and fifty seven, shall, in his royal discretion, judge k^ndtheaft* to be nnoft for the benefit and advantage of this kingdom, to permit di-permit the making of low wines and spirits from wheat, bar- (filiation from ley, malt or any other sort of grain, or from any meal or dour, wheat, Sec* that then it shall and may be lawful to and for nix Majesty, by his rdyal proclamation or proclamations to be issued, by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his Majesty's order in council, to be published in the London Gazette, from time to time, to permit and suffer all and every person and, persons, natives qpfl foreigners (but not any particular person or persons) at any time or times after the said eleventh day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and before the said eleventh duy of December, one thousand seven hundrfcdind fifty seven, to make low wines and spirits from wheat, barley* malt, or any o other forr of grain, or from any meal or floury any thing herein contained* to the contrary notwithstanding*.;.

4. Anno itrippsimo Csorgu II. c. 16. [1757.

CAP. XVI.

Jkn aft so extmd the liberty granted by an act of the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, of importing bar iron from his Majestfs colonies in America, into the port of London, to the rest of the ports of Great Britain; and for repealing certain clauses in the said ft.

3 g. c. 29.

WHEREAS by an act made in the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to encourage the importation of pig and bar iron from his Majesty's colonies in America; and to prevent the erection of any mill or other engine for flitting or rolling of iron j or any plating forge to work with £ tilt hammer; or any furnace for making (tael in any of the said colonies, it is enacted, That from and after the, twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty, mo fukfidy> \tufiwy imposition, rate or duty whatsoever, Should be payable upon boriron time in, andimported from, his Majesty's colonies in America, into the port of London: and whereas the admission of futb bar iron into the rest of the ports of Great Britain, duty-free, will be, advantageous to the iron manufacture, as well as to the general trade and commerce of theje kingdoms; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of Bar iron to be the same. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June ope imported from, thousand seven hundred, and fifty seven, the several and respect-America, duty jvc fybfidies, customs, impositions, rates and duties, now, pay-frcc# able on bar iron made ip, and imported from, his Majesty's colonies in America, into any port of Great Britain, shall cease, determine, and be no longer, paid, and that the said act, and ^ted aft re- everykuse, matter and thing, therein contained, so far as reflating to the latest to the importation of bar iron from Americp (except that importation is altered or repealed by this act) shall, and is hereby declared thereof, ex- to extend to all the ports in Great Britain, as fully as if the same theiwttof wcrc repeated and re-enacted in this present act; any law, fta-Great Britain, tele, orufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by the said act of the twenty third year of his present Majesty, it is enabled, That no bar iron, whatsoever shall be permitted to be carried coastwise, unless mention be made in the certificate to be granted for that purpose of the day on which thefubfidtes, customs, impositions, rates and duties, payable upon the importation

Cfanfertlating' w*rerf, were paid, and of the name o f the person or persons by whom to certificates the same were paid; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, fordutieapaid, That from after the said twenty fourth day of June one tliou-22J>cinA<25L fan(l seven hundred and fifty fev$k, the said clause shall be, and repeikd*1^s hereby declared to be repealed.

III. And whereas by the said act of the twenty third year of his present Majesty, it is enacted, That no bar iron imported into the port of London by virtue of the said act, shall be carried or eon* 'Vgedby land, beyond ten miles from any part of the port of London;

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 17- 43

be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the Clause prohi-twenty fourth day of "June one thousand seven hundred and biting the car-fifty seven, the find clause shall be, and is hereby declared to be by1"^0 repealed. mile* from

IV. And whereas by the find act of the twenty third year of his London, represent Majesty^ it is enacted, That all bar iron imported from any of his Mai eft ye colonies in America into the port of London, shall be stampea with such mark or stamp as the commissioners of the customs shall dire ft, in three different parts of each bar, which provision will be for the future unnecessary; be it enacted by the authority afore- Clause requir-feid, That the said act, so far as rdates to the stamping or ing the ban marking of American bar iron, in the port of London, mail, to be staroped, from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand "P0* seven hundred and fifty seven, be, and is hereby declared to be repealed.

CAP. XVII.

An act for the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown silk.

WHEREAS by an act made in the second year of the reign of»w.&M.feiL their late majesties King William and Queen Mary, inti- 1. c. 9. tukd9 An act for the discouraging the importation of thrown £lk; amongst other things in the said act contained, the bringing in of thrown silk of the growth or production of Italy is prohibited, unless imported in such ships or vessels, and havigated in such manner, as in and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and 1* Car. s. and encreasing of shipping and navigation, is directed and allow- c« ed, and brought from same of the ports of those countries or places, whereof the some is the growth or production, and which shall come directly by sea % and not otherwise: and whereas there it at prefint very great and immediate want of organzined thrown jilk from Italy, for the use and purpose of warp in the jilk manufacture, without which the manufacture cannot be carried on9 and many thou-fends of mauufafturers must be unemployed-, te it therefore enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may he lawful to and for VCn

any person or persons to import or bring into this kingdom, tolmjponor^ from any port or place, or in any ship or vessel whatsoever, un- ganzined til the first day of December one thousand seven hundred and thrown silk fifty seven, organzined thrown silk, of the growth orprotduc-tiooipf Italy % any thing contained in the said recited acts, or a {

any other.*, to die contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That this a#, nor any thing herein 9ftk§'of a par-contained, (htH extend to give liberty to import any Italian ticolar tort thrown silk* that shall be coarser than a fort thereof, known and distinguished by the name of Third Boionia, nor any forts of silks under this act, coomoilly caUed Tr^nr, of the growth of ha/y^not any other under penalty

thrown offorfeit«re«

44 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 18. [1757.

thrown (ilk of the growth or production of Turkey, Perfta, East India, or China, under the penalty of forfeiting all such thrown silks, as shall be brought over and imported contrary to the purport, true intent, and meaning of this act; one moiety whereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person or persons who shall seize? inform, or sue for the same; to be recovered by bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster; wherein no efibin, protection, or wager of law shall be allowed.

ATI organzin-

III. And for the better and more effectual execution of this at7* ed thrown and to prevent the importation of any sort of thrown silk not organ-silk w hereto- zined\ be it further enacted and declared, That all such or-bTbrought up g*nz»ne: thrown silk, as is allowed to be imported by this a to the custom- wheresoever landed, shall be brought to his Majesty's custom house at Lon- house at London; to the intent that no other fort of thrown silk may don, under; bc imported, than that allowed by this act, under the penalty of £dtur^of or* forfeiting all such thrown silk as shall be imported contrary to the purport, true intent and meaning of this act; one moiety whereof shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person or persons who shall fefce, inform or (be for the same $ to be recovered by bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of record, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed; any thing to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for the relief and encouragement of the captors of, prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing prize goods in this kingdom.

1 icswC 3. WHEREAS the duties granted by an act passed in the fe-c. to # venth and eighth years of the reign of the late King William the Third, upon French wines and other goods of the growth, pro-dull or manufacture of France, as well as several other duties upon various goods imported into this kingdom, are by law not to be drawn back upon the re-exportation thereof into foreign parts: and whereas such duties have been found in several inflames to be equal to the value of the goods which have been taken as prize from the French, and thereby the captors have so far loft the benefit of their prizes; which discouragement bath often induced captors to carry their prizes direlfly to foreign parts, to the prejudice of this kingdom: therefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-Prize goods, Aority of the same, That any goods of the growth, product or after condem- manufacture'of France^ or of any of the dominions belonging nation, may to the crown of France, that have been or shall hereafter be be lodged in taken during the continuance of the present war, and brought £oufe?, under hither by any of his Majesty's ships of war or privateers, shall the King's and may, upon condemnation thereof as lawful prize, be landed

11757.] Anno tricesirao Georgii II. c. |8t 45

in any port within this kingdom, and secured under the King's locks in warehouses provided at the foie expence of the captors, with the privity and approbation, and under the care and inspection of the of, or other principal officers for collecting and managing the respective duties of customs and excise, to which such goods aie liable; and upon admission of Duties are to any such goods taken since his Majesty's declaration of war a- be paid there-gainst France, into such warehouses, there shall be paid by the captors, or their agents, the following duties only; which shall exportation.11 not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of the same goods; that is to say. For all such goods (except wines what duties and vinegar, and such goods as are herein after enumerated) of are payable on the growth, product or manufacture of France, or any of the dominions belonging to the crown of France, taken as aforesaid by any of his Majesty's ships of war, the half of the old*subsidy granted by the ad of tonnage and poundage passed in the twelfth year of the feign of King Charlts the Second; and Jt c. 1. c. 4* the whole of the further subsidy of poundage granted by an act passed in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Ma- 11 G# >, C I. jesty, being what is commonly called The subsidy one thousand jf seven hundred and forty seven; and for the like goods if taken by by privateov any private ship of war, the half of the said old subsidy, and no more; which duties shall be'collected, paid and applied in the Customary aflame manner, and to the same purposes, whereunto they are Jrranc^anb-by law appropriated, subject nevertheless to the customary and made!" l° legal discounts and abatements, and allowances for damage; Duties on and for every ton of French wine and French vinegar taken as French wine aforesaid, either by his Majesty's ships of war or privateers, the am* vinegar. sum of three pounds; and so after the same rate for any greater or leflfer quantity; to be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, as part of the duties arising by an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, lgQ # An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon all tdines imported into Great Britain; and for raising a certain sum of money by annuities and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned\ to be charged on the said additional duties.

l£ And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Dutytobepakf the half of the old subsidy granted by the said act of the twelfth ad valorem/^ of Charles the Second, and the whole of the further subsidy of upon the poundage, granted by the said act of the twenty first year of the 5°°* c- reign of his present Majesty, which is directed by this act to be numcr ca# paid for such prize goods taken by his Majesty's ships of war; and thehalf'of the old subsidy granted by the said act of the twelfthof Qharles the Second, which is directed by this act to be paid for such prize goods taken by private ships of.war, shall be payable ad valorem^ and up otherwise, upon the oath of the captors or their agents, upon the following goods; that is to J

say, npdn all forrs of woollen and silk manuradures, and hats, handkerchiefs, checks, knives and nails, notwithstanding the *; a same may have been rated in the book of rates of, the twelfth; n1 year bfihe reign of Charles the Second, or the additional book s

Anno tricefttho Georgii II. c. 18.

C»757.

cd, &c.

is G. i. c. 7.

lvtifitary qr

How the same ef rates of the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King are to be levi- George the First; and that the said duties ad valorem respectively on the goods before enumerated, shall be levied and collected by the same rules and regulations, and under the same penalties atnd forfeitures, as are directed and prescribed in and by an act of the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for rating such unrated goods and merchandizes as are usually imported into this kingdom, and pay duty ad valorem, upon the oath of the importer; and for ascertaining the value of all goods and merchandizes not inserted in the former or present hook of rates \ and for repealing certain duties upon drugs and rags; and for continuing the duty upon apples; and for ascertatmngihe method ofad-measuring pictures imported.

III. Provided always, That no duties or customs whatsoever ftip stores cx- shall be demanded or taken for any prize goods confiding of any empted from military or ship (lores j any thing in this or any other alt con* duty, tained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Priae poods

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforet* taken fmcethe said. That any prize goods of the growth, product or manufac-declaration of ture of France, or any of the dominions belonging to the crown war> ra*y he of France, which shall be received into any warehouse in purfu* exported, ance t^jg a<c^ or which are now remaining in any warehouse in this kingdom, where they have been secured, under the King's locks, by the permission of the commissioners of the customs, shall ^he^utieVII may> UP°° Payment of the respective duties before directed of this slA j by this act (if the same have been taken since the declaration of war) be exported at any time directly from thence, either by the captors or their agents, or by any other person or persons, with* out paying any further duty of customs or excise for the same; and if such goods shall have been taken before the said declara-were takeiTbe-on war>the ^ame and may be exported in like manner, fore, may be without payment of any duty of customs or excise whatsoever*exported with the person or persons exporting the same, giving sufficient fecu-out paying Tity in double the value of the goods, before the delivery thereof exporter eiv- out the warehouse, that the lame shall be really and truly ex-ingfccurity. ported, and not brought back again or relanded in any part of Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man-, which security the customer or collector of the port from whence the same are intended to be exported, is hereby required and authorized to take in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use.

Goods taken V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the out of the authority aforesaid, That if any goods shall be taken out of any warehouse for warehouse, wherein they are secured as aforesaid, to beconfumed home con- in t^js kingdom, the person or persons so taking out the same, pay ^the duties toall^Pay UP ren*ain<Jer the duties which would have payable on im-been due and payable to his Majesty thereon, if the same had portation. been regularly imported by way of merchandize into this kingdom; and such goods shall, in all other respects, be liable to the same restriHions and regulations to winch they would have been subject, if this act had not been made.

if57*1 Anno tficdirti<r Georgii II. c. tg. 47

VI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this act (halt ex- Damaged tend, or be confirmed to extend, to charge any wine with thebe- "p^|fcg, vei1 fore-mentioned duty of three pounds per ton* which ftnril at the j^jn^s 0flj. time of landing the same be damaged, corrupt or untnerdiaftta- cen, not liable ble, and which shall be given up by the captors or their agents, to the duty ot to the officers Of the customs* to be publickly fold, iit order to P*1*to, u be distilled into brandy, or to be made intovinegar, in the manner directed by an aid passed in the twelfth year of the rcigrt of g. t.c. il# his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for the improvement of his Majestfs revenues if customs, excise and inland duties.

VII. Provided also* That nothing in this act contained shall Thedatiea extend, or be construed to extend, to lessen or any ways alter fhtf payable on duties Which by law ahre due and payable upon goods that are she

growth, product or manufacture of any other country or place, she^ou^triet except France and the dominions belonging to the crown of n(jt altered by France, which may be taken as prize and condemned in tfxia this act. kingdom.

CAP. XIX.

dn act for granting to his Majesty fyveral rates and duties upon indentures, leases, bonds and other deeds \ and upon news paperJ, adniertisements and almanacks \ and upon fa cences for retailing wine\\ and upon coals exported to foreign f parts 5 and for applying y from a certain times the same of money arising from the surplus of the duties on licences for retailing spirituous liquors \ and for raising the sum of three millionsy by annuities, to be charged on the said ratify duties and sums of money \ and for making perpetual an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Ma± jtfty, intituled An act for the be ter regulation of attbr-nies and folidtors \ and for enlarging the time for filing affidavits of the execution of cohtrafts of clerks to attornies and folidtors \ and also the time for payment of the duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contra fts of clerks and apprentices.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majestfs most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising by the mofi easy means the necessary supplies to defray your Majestfs publick expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several rates and duties, and sums of money herein after mentioned $ and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted'\ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and A.

J J a Additional

atter duties

Anm> tricesimo tool! <w*ILc. tgu [?

after the fifthixysofbneshfeoftod fcveti fevctv, there^lbatl berai kd* levied, collected and fn^throuja^obt the J^Ac^otGrearBtitam^onto and for the«(i*bwi/la}e-> r fly^hisheurs-and successors, ">y* / c ->^f -

j v... - 7 L.iii j \^.'i.*-.:

iadentum. for cvetyririrt or pieceofveWom or parchment, or (be*1 or'kases, bonds piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written iii< primed^ and oU^jc in Great ffrmnw^any kidenture, lease, bond or othtmdfeed, for deeds* > winch-a (lamp dity of six pence repayable, byvirtbe-of 11 Ann.c. 9. mack ja the twelfth year of the reign of her late Majesty C^iaeen Arms, over and above all other rates and duties by the said act,

: or-by any other act of parliament irtlposed, an additional {lam p duty of one shilling*

Upon news For and upon every news paper or paper containing publick papers. news, intelligence or occurrences printed in Great Britain, to )pp 10 Ann. c. 19. dispersed and' made publick, whether the same be contained in half a (beet, or any less piece of paper* or in any paper larger than half a (licet, and not exceeding one whole meet, over and.above all other rates and dutie^by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, or by any other act of parliament imposed, an additional duty of one half penny.

Upon adver- For CVCI7 ad vertiferoent to be contained in the London Gazette

tisements in or any other printed paper in Great Britain, to be dispersed or'news papers, made publick weekly, or oftener, over and above all Other rates and duties by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, or by any other act of parliament hn-posed, an additional duty of one shilling; and,

Upon adver- For every advertisement contained in or publUhed with any -1 ti£ment» in" paper or pamphlet whatsoever, printed in Great Britain, ' to be pamphlets, or dispersed or made publick yearly, monthly, or at any other in- periodical terval of time exceeding orie week, a duty of two shillings.

Upon sheet all For ev€ry almanack or calendar for one particular year, or manacksj for any time less than a year, printed on one side only of any9 Ann. c.j. one iheet or piece of paper, over and above the duty charged ri thereon by an act made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Qjueen Anne, an additional duty of one penny.

Upon other al- For every other printed almanack or calendar for any one par-nunadu. ' ticular year, over and above, the duty charged thereon by the said act, an additional duty of two perice; and,

Upon alma- For every almanack or calendar made to serve for several years, 'sacks to serve the said several additional duties for every such year; and for several For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of Upon licences P*Pcf*00 ^biCh shall be ingrossed, written or printed any licence forretailing for retailing of wine, to be granted to any person who shall not wine, where takeout, either a licence for retailing of spirituous liquors, or a no other H- licence for retailing of beer, ale or other exciseable liqaors, over cence i*ofc6pQn(} a]j other rates and duties payable by virtue of anyfbr- mer aft or sifts of parliament, imposing any duties onftampt vellum, parchment and paper, an additional duty of five pounds.

Upon licences For every piece'of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of for mailing paper, on which shall be Ingrossed, written or printed any licence

1757.] Anno > tHcHitw Georgii II. c. 19- 49

cenoeftt jctaftiagof wine, to be grained to any person who Dial! jf*ne# where a lake out*licence for retailing beer, ale and other exciseable li-q tsars, bat shall oot take out a licence for retailing of ipmtuous liquors, over and above all other rates and duties payable by virtue of any former act or acts of parliament, imposing any duties oq ftsmpt felluiBN (parchment and paper, an additional doty of four pou ndis? and,

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of Upon licences paper, on which, shall be ingossed, written or printed any li-for retailing/ cence for retailing of wine, to be granted to any person who shall wine, where H-also take out a licence for retailing of spirituous liquors, over Swu^quors and above all other rates and duties payable by virtue of any for- j, taken out, mer ad or adsof parliament, imposing any duties on (lamp vellum, parchment and paper, an additional duty of forty shillings.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hun- onreuSSw' drgd £ad fifty seven, no perlcm whatsoever, unlefe he be autho- wmc nniifen^ rized and enabled in the manner herein after prescribed, shall led. fell or utter by retail, that is, by the pint, quart, pottle or galloii, or by any other greater or less retail measure, or in bottles in any less quantity than shall be equal to the measure of the cask or vessel in wfiich the lame shall have been or may lawfully be imported, any kind of wine or wines, qr any liquor called or reputed wine, upon pain to forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of one hundred pounds; the one moiety of every such penalty to be to theufeof the King, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who will inform for the same; the said penalty to be recovered in such manner as the penalties for offences committed against any laws imposing any duties on (tampt vellum, parchment or paper are directed to be recovered,

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Commissioners

from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven stamps to hundred and fifty feveo, any two or more of his Majesty's 1

missioners appointed for managing the duties arising by (lamps

on vellum, parchment or paper, and no other person whatsoever, shall grant licences under their hands and seals, to such persons as they shall think fit, to fell and utter by retail in manner aforesaid, any kind of wine or wines, or liquor called dr reputed wine whatsoever, in any city, town or other place within Great Britain for the space of one year from the date of such licences.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That if before the fifth day of July Licences one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, the agents or com-granted by for-missioners authorized by virtue of the said act made in the twelfthner roimnifli-year of the reign of King Charles the Second, shall have granted^the*a licence to any person to fell wine by retail for the spaqe of one term they were rear, or for any term not then expired, the person so licenced shall grar*e* for.* be enabled to fell wine by retail for the space of one year from 11 Car*c*

the date of such licence, or until the expiration of the term for5' which the licence shall be so granted; any thing in this act be- -v

fore contained to tjur contrary notwithstanding, J (1^ v

59

Nc\* licence* to be U^ea every year, and the duty paid at the same time.

Licences to be granted to persons at a distance, upon application in their behalf, and payment oftiuty.

12 Car. a. c. 5 in part repealed.

Anop tric«fitpp GjeoRou II, C. 9. [1757.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who shall take out such licence for retailing wine as i aforesaid, to endure for the space of one year, shall take out ar fresh licence ten days at the least before the expiration of that year for which he shall be io liceqfed, if he or (tit shall continue to fell wine by retail, and in the same manner shall renew such licence from year to year, paying down the respective sums due for such licences; and so yearly and every year, as long as ho or file shall continue to feH or utter wine by retail, in marine* aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon application made by, or in behalf of, any person not residing in the weekly bills ot mortality, for a licence to retail wine, the said commissioners for the time being shall deliver or eause to be delivered such licence, upon payment of the duty payable thereupon.

VII. And whereas, by virtue of an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the better ordering the felling of wines by retail; and for preventing abuses in mingling, corrupting and viciating of wines; and for settling and limiting the prices of the same; his Majesty's agentsfor granting licences to fell and utter wine by retailf are enabled to grant such licences to persons retailing, wines, on the terms and for the yearly rents in the said act mentioned: And whereas it was provided by the said act, that the rents, revenues and sums. of money thence arising, except'what Should be allowed for the salaries or wages of his Majesty's said agents, and the officers and ministers to be appointed for the better carrying on of the said service, which was not to exceed fix penee out of every^pound thereof, Should be duly and constantly paid and answered into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, which revenue is now vefied in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and is part of the revenue established for the better support of his Majesty's houshold, and of the honour and dignity of the ci'own of Great Britain: And whereas his Majesty, for the benefit of the publick, has been graciously pleased to consent to an abolition of the said revenue, and to accept in lieu thereof a yearly income, equal to the net produce of the said revenue arising from licences to retail wine; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, except so much thereof as relates to the preventing abuses in the mingling, corrupting and viciating of wines, and to settling and limiting the prices of the same, shall from and after the said fifth day otjuly one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven be repealed, and theyearly rents and sums of money thereby payable by virtue of the said act on licences to retail wine, shall cease and determine.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth day of July one graruvuglicen- thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, the commission whereby -^rUe a?cn^s anc^ of are appointed by virtue of the said act cease. for granting licences to retail wine, shall cease and determine.

spd the com-111 i ilion for

rfsy.J Amfotrieifiitoo 6^0'rgii ft. c. tg. $x

IX. Provided afvtfay$. 'fhat this act, of any thing herein Privilege* of cdtitaiWPd, Hh^H rtof irt any wife fee prejudicial so the privileges ^4* of the two universities in that pars of Great Arilaih called England* ^ee^c

or* ettHftr of fheifr, nof to the chancellors or scholars of the Tame, of ffinilr facCeflortf, but mat they may use and' enjoy such pri-ai they fia^e heretofore lawfully used ancf enjoyed \ any t&tftr feVein cohfaihed to the contVary notwithstanding.

X. PrfeVidfetf alTd, That this act, or any thing therein con- p^viWcsof tSWdrf, shall nbt extend to be prejudicial to the mailer, wardens, t|, e rintner* freemen and' coirimorialty of the vintners of the city of London*company of ft* tfo ahyotfeCfciryor town corporate, but that they may use and London, re* dnjby fuefh liberties and privileges, as they have heretofore law- f^edtothem. fully used and* enjoyed.

XI. ^fe^ded nevertheless.- That ho person, who, from and«.

ifttf the said fifthdaV of July one tfioufand feveri Hundred and from {hc duty fifty seven, (halt be' admitted to the freedom of the said company not to ex-

6f 'dtnlriersot theatyof Eondoo^by redempnoh only, shall be extend topersons emptdrffrbib the obligation, of taxing- out a licence for felling or P^r.ch?fi"Y urtfeiirt^ Vrin^by relate*, or from the'payment of the duties hereby jnCthe said wanted on licences to retail wine j but that the freemen only of company, the said coiripany, who, have been already admitted" to their freedom, or who from and after the said fifth day of July one thou-fatfd ieV£ri hundred and' fifty feveri, shall fee adopted to their' freedom in right of*patrlxVibhy or apprenticeship, shall be entitled so fr^hexeaijptioni,

XII. provided also, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Power of the said, Thdt this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not in corporation of any wife extend'to debar orhinder the mayor and burgesses of therst. Albans to borough of Saint Albans in the county of Hertford\ or their fuc-graat licences, ceflors'i from enjoying, using and exercising, alf such liberties, power's and authorities^ to them heretofore granted by several letters patents, under the great seal of England* by Queen Elizabeth and King James the First, for the erecting, Appointing and Bcenfing of three several wine taverns, within the borough aforesaid, for and towards the maintenance of the free school there; but that the same liberties, powers and authorities, shall be and are Hereby established and confirmed, and shall remain and continue in and to the said mayor and burgesses, and their successors, to and for the charitable use aforesaid, and according to the tenor of the letters patents aforesaid, as though this act had never been ihade; any thing in this act contained'to the contrary inarwwise notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority^f4f d aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth day of July one thou- to be paid an-sand seven hundred and fifty seven, there shall be paid to his Mar nually, as an jesty, his heirs and successors, out of the monies which shall arise to

from the new duties on licences to retail wine, by four quarterly Q"t 0faJhey<ju. payments, on the tenth day of October* the fifth day of January, tieton licence* the fifth day of April, and the fifth day of July yearly, in every for wine, year, the sum of seven thousand and two pounds fourteen shillings and three pence, which appears to have been the neat annual

£2 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 19, [

nual produce of the former duties on licences for retailing Wine, i at a medium of six years, ending the fifth day one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven. ii.li

XIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted byiffid^uthb-H»i Majesty rfty aforesaid, That out of the feverafduties before-gra^rpension* payable by virtue of this act for licences to retail

ta the late fty, his hefcs and successors* be, and he or they is and1 are hereby commissioners, impowered to grant, by warrant or warrants under his 6r ^hmx out of the du- sign tnandal, during pleasure, to the fevcrai agents or commissi^ wncc^Aae oners for managing the duties on wine licences granted by the said act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and their officers, or to such of the said agents or officers as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall think propel* object9 of his or their royal bounty, suchyearly allowances as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall judge fit, so as no allowance'to any such agent or commissioner mall exceed five hundred

pounds by the year, and so as no such allowance to be made to P^nfiont not to aay ot^er such officer, shall exceed the present annual amount exceed a cer- of the salaries and wages due and payable to such officers retain sum. spectively.

XV. And whereas the duties on licences for retailing wine, granted by this act, are subjected to the payment of the yearly sum of [even ihoufandand two pounds fourteen fallings and three pence, as an equivalent for a revenue Vejted in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by virtue of an act of the parliament of England, made before the union of the two kingdoms^England and Scotland: And whereas his Majesty is by this act impowered to grant, during pleasure, out of the

produce of the duties for retailing wine hereby granted', to tbi agents and officers employed in the collection of the revenue betoby repealed,

certain yearly allowances, which may amount to the sum of ibred

thousand three hundred and ten pounds: And whereas that fiarr of Great Britain called Scotland was not subject to the payment of any part of the revenue arising from wine licences so vested in his Majesty, his heirs and successors y as aforesaid, it having been agreed by the fourteenth article of the treaty of union, that the kingdom of Scotland' Should not bo charged with any other duties laid on by the parliament of England the uniony except those consented to by the said treaty and ought me\ to be subject to any part of the duties granted by this pte- sent aft? applicable as an equivalent to the said former revenue, or too rt.eonftqufau "{hereof} but to such a proportion only of the diitiet granted Vbr/o 7*i*by this prefenioft as is applicable to the publixk ferviU\ be it provided and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where a duty of five pound* is herein before directed to fee paiA on a licenae for retailing wine; a duty of three pounds for licences'to ings and eight pence, and no more, shall be paid for a licence retail wine, to retail wine in that part aiiOreat Britain called ScotUmd\ rmA that in adbeafes where a duty offourjroundsis herein before directed to be paid for such licetice, a duty of two pounds' thir-» teen shillings and four-pence, and no more, shall bepqidfor a, /, licence to retail wine in that part of Great Britain &alled/>&i/-

and; and that in all cases where a duty of two pounds is'berciro / .*, -, rl bo--

1757/\ Anno tricesimo Georgii. II. C. 19. S3

b^jpre^jfededto be paid for every such licence, a duty of one pound six shillings and eight pence, and no more, shall be paid fora li-Conceto retail wine in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; amy fotagip.this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise ugtWWteqfoM.

Provided alia, and be it further enacted by the autho-r rity fafpre^id. That it shall and may be lawful for the said com- for the stamps for nwnaging the duties on stamped vellum, parchr impowered td inept and paper, to collect and recover, or cause to becolleded levy rb« duties, or recovered, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and succes- licences bTtore feeH arrears of relit for licences to retail wine, or of for*- 5 julyj I; 57# features retailing wine without licence, which shall have been*inqo xttd*t*ny time before, the said fifth day of July one thousand (^efvbmdeto and<fifty seven; for which purpose, as well as for foe; betterenabling th^m to execute the trulls hereby in them sdi the books, registers, papers, instruments, or other writings belonging to the said agents appointed by virtue of the bid act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, for granting licences to retail wine, shall, as soon as con-veweally may he, be transferred to the custody of the said commifikmtrftfor managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment and paper;

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thc new dll_ That for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, ties put also and paying all the said additional and new duties herein before under their granted, the same shall be under the government, care and ma- management. nagemcAt, of the commissioners for the time being appointed

to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment and paper; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary officers under them for that purpose; and to cause such new (lamps to be provided to denote the said several duties, as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting, this act in execution with relation to the said several rates tad duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as foil and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorized to purin execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment or paper.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That to prevent the multiplication of (lamps to p^ovld*- upon such pieces of vellum or parchment, or (beets or pieces of cd to denote paper; on which several duties are by several acts of parliament the several da* imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, ties on nlluu^ inftesd of the distinct (lamps directed to be provided todenote the paper* c* several duties on the vellum, ' parchment or paper, charged therewith, to cdufe one new damp to be provided, to denote the said several dnties oiy.every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or

piece of paper. Charged with the said several duties.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, indenture*. Thstoll vellum, parchment and fcwpcr, upon which any inden- icases, bonds, lure; lease, bond or other deed, by this act charged with a duty &c. charged

E j of

£4 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. tg

with a duty of of one (Wiling, shall, from and after the (>i4 fifty day of jfe/y is. to be one thousand seven hundred and fifty fcqen, jbe ingrqped, writ-brought to the jen qt printed, shall be brought to the head office for damping office to be or making vellum, parchment and paper; and the fad wmrraf-sioners by themselves, or by their officers employed under them, shall forttiwith, upon demand to them made; by any" person or persons, from time to time, damp or marie any. quantities dr parcels of vellum, parchment or paper, to be used for the purpose of ingrossing, writing, or printing such indentures; lwfcs, bonds and other deeds, he or they paying to the receiver general of the stamp duties for the time being, or his deputy oar clerk, the several duties payable for the same by virtue of this act; which (lamp or mark to be put thereupon in puffoance of this act, shall be a sufficient discharge for the duty hereby payable for the vellum, parchment or paper fb damped or marked.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of for the time being, shall take care that the several parts of the kingdom of Great Britain, shall, from time to time be sufficiently turnifiied with vellum, parchment and paper, damped and marked as by this 3ft is directed, to the end that the subjects of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, may have it in their election, either to buy the same of the officers and persons to be employed by the said of at the ufpal and most common rates above the said duties, or to bring their own vellum, parchment or paper, to be stamp* ed and marked as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the price of such damped vellum, parchment or paper, shall be yearly set, and such price marked, and such allowance made on present payment of the said duties, for afiy quantity of the said vellum, parchment or paper, so to be sold, in such manner as by any former law relating to damped vellum, parchment or paper, is directed.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Stamps may That such damps as the said of are hereby directed bC*? and and authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and renewe.renewed, in such manner, as any other damps on Vettpm,

parchment or paper, are, by any former law relating toftamped vellum, parchment or paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and that all persons who shall have in their custody orpof-session, any vellum, parchment or paper, marked with the damp or mark which shall be so altered or renewed, or on which, «being already damped with a damp denoting any former dyty,

a new damp is hereby directed to be impreifed, shall have the like remedy and allowance as by "any former law. relating to damped vellum, parchment or paper, is in like cafesthreafted. Duties to be

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, paid to the That the several duties herein before granted, shall be paid receiver gene- from time to time into the hands of the receiver general, for ral of the the time being, of the duties on damped vellum, poach-

da nipt.

Corami flioners to take care that all parts be sufficiently fur-niffied with damps.

Prices of damps to be set yearly, and marked; and the usual allowance made for

prompt payment.

flumps

merit and paper* who shall fceep a separate and account

oi

Annio tricesimo GEofcGii II. c. ig; 55

trf the fevtfal fate's UAd duties, and pay the same (the necessary and paid by

charges of raising, paying and accounting for the same, being him into the

deduced) Into the receipt of the exchequer, for the purposes exchequer,

herein after expressed, at such time, and in such manner, as any

Fotmet duties, on stamped vellmti, parchment or paper, are di-

lifted m be paid; and that in the office of the auditor of the

laid receipt shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which

all the monies arising from the said several rates and duties, and

paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate

indapart from all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty,

his heirs or succeslo'rs, upon any account whatsoever; and the Theft duties.

said money so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as afore- of

hid, ftfbjeft to the payment herein before directed to be made a un

thereon, shall be part of the Fund established by this act, for the (several purposes in this act mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* Commission-rhat the said commissioners, and all other officers who shall be ers and other employed in the collection or management of the said several °fficefs to °- duties herein before granted, shall in the execution of their offi- aln'of the ces, observe aAd perform such rules and orders, as they respect treasury. tivdy shall Front time to time receive from the of of the treasury, or the treasurer of the exchequer for the time be-^ing-9 and that no fed or reward shall be taken or demanded ^enbythem, by any such of or officers from any of his Majesty's y subjects, for any matter or thing to be done in pursuance of this act; and in case any officer employed in the execution of this act, in relation to the said duties, shall refuse or neglect to do or per- fwe|c* form any matter or thing by this act required to be done or per- mage* occ*-formed oy him, whereby any of his Majesty's subjects shall or may fio td in tie. fulfain any damage whatsoever, such officer so offending shall of duty, be liable by any aftioft to be founded on this Statute, to answer to ibd party grieved all such damage, with treble costs of suit.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, commissioo-That the said of, and their officers, shall be subject ers and officers to such penalties and forfeitures for any breach of the trust in liable tope-them reposed, or for diverting or misapplying the money re- nald &c. ceiled in pursuance of this act, as by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment or paper are inflicted; and that all application of jwweft, provisions, articles, clauses, distribution of penalties monies, and forfeitures, and all other matters and things prescribed or Powers, &c. appointed by any former act or acts of parliament relating to the of former act* duties on vellum, parchment and paper. On which any inden- to

ture, lease, bond, or other deed, shall bejngrossed, written^tended to"tbit printed, of to the rates and duties on news papers and adver-act, tisements, and almanacks, and not hereby altered, shall he in foil force and effect, With relation to the additional duties here* byjmposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, IcVyirtgy collecting and securing the said additional and new rates and duties hereby imposed, according to the true inten^ and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby

E 4.en-

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 19, [1757.

entded, ^ith relation to the said additional and rewrites &4 duties toreby imposed.

XXVI. And'for prevehiing a diminution of the revenue orijing from tbi duties payable on almanacks. by subjectng the venders ofun-Jdamped almanacks to the same penalties as by an act modem the fix-Uinth year of his present Majesty's reign, are inflicted on the vendtrt of unfiamped news papers; be it enacted by the authority afore-16 G.i. c. 6. wid, That every person who, from and after the said nfth da* Hawkers o< of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, shall fell, uniUmped al- utter or expose to sale any almanack, liable to any duty by this piwi^ment? r or any rmer aft.imposed, such almanack not being damped or p*marked as by this or any former a d is directed, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, be liable to the same punishment as is inflicted on any hawker of undamped

news papers by the said act made in the sixteenth year of thereign of his present Majesty 5 and every justice of the peace shall have the like power to convict such offender, as by the said act; is granted, with relation to the conviction of offenders against the said a St; and every person who shall apprehend such of- "; fender, shall be intitled to the like reward, as by the said act is

granted for the apprehension of offenders against the said act.

[Penalty of

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, shall counterfeit or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any seal, stamp

k, to resemble any seal, stamp or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other act of parliament for the purpose of denoting the duties by this or any other act of parliament granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, wirh an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs fend successors, of any of the said duties 5 or shall utter, vend or sell, any vellum, parchment or paper liable to any stamp duty, with such counterfeit stamp or mark, knowing the same to be counterfeit; or shall privately and fraudulently life any seal, stamp or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any other act of parliament relating to the stamp-duties, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors* of any of the said duties; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, fnaH be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XXVIII. And whereas the duties upon coals exported to foreign parts in British vessels, are less than the duties payable m coals carried cm ft wife, to be used in this kingdom, whereby foreigners may be supplkd therewith at a less expence than the subjects of this realm, to the great'prejudice of the trade and manufactures of this kingdom; and an additional duty on coals so exported, will be a proper aid to be

Additional grantedtohis Majesty, for the purpose s of this act; be it enacted

edfr % the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth day

foreign parts, ^Julytsidv rhotffand seven hundred and fifty (even* there shall not belonging he raHed, 'levied, collected ind paid to his Majesty, his heirs and

to the British successors/for everychaldron of coals, Nexvcajtie ACafhre, which dominion*.

1757.] Anno trioosimo GsqRGH IL c. 19* 57.

(htU be (hiptiorexportation to^gfly > part beyond r the feat, except to Ireland', the Isle of Man, or his Majesty's plantations, ail s|Mitional thtty of four shillings, and after the iam^ rate for any greater oTJefc quantity, over artd above the present duties no# payabte for the same; which said additional duty hereby grants ' ed^'shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, in the same manner, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and by such rules, nays and methods, as the former duties payable to his Majesty tipdh theexportation of coals, are raised, levied; collected and paid, xa fully^ and to all intents and purposes, as if the several daoses, powers, directions, penalties and forfeitures relating thereto, t; were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the bbdyof Ibis present act

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Book to be ThatJn the office of the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, kePt by the a book or books shall be provided and kept, in which all the entering the monies anting from the said additional duty, and paid into the raid duties ibid receipt, mall be entered separate and apart from all other separateljr. monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and succeslbre, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money so arising The said da- from the said additional duty, and paid into the said receipt of* P"* /exchequer, shall be part of the fund established for the several or*purposes herein after mentioned. f

XXX. And whereas by an act made in the fixt tenth year of the jtecital of reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing certain clauses in two duties an spirituous liquors, and on licences for retailing the of 16 Geo*

same; and for laying other duties on spirituous liquors, and*, c. 8*aiMi 00 licences to retail the said liquors 5 the sum of twenty shillings C', 4# yearly is directed to be paid by every person retailing such liquors (except as is therein excepted) to be granted in the manner mentioned in the said act: and whereas by an act made in the same session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing the several rates acid duties Upon victuallers and* retailers of beer and ale, within the cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly bills of morta* fity; and for transferring the exchequer bills unsatisfied there*-upon, to the duties for licences to sell spirituous liquors and flroitg waters, by retail; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a sum: of money, for the service of the year brie fhoiifahd feVeo hundred and forty three, to be further charged on the said duties for licences; it was amongst othoe things enabled. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty three, the several rates and duties imposed by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, upon all victuallers and retailers of beer and alt, within the cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly bills of mortality, should cease and determine, and be no longer paid; and U was thereby also enabled. That from and aftet the said twenty fourth day of June the principal sum of four hundred and eighty one thousand four hundred poundi, its exchequer bids, part ef. tbt sum of five hundred1 thop/and'poundsj advanced by the governor and company (ftbelmief ^England, at.dninter/Ji aft a* the raft of three pounds

5I Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 19. [1757.

per centum per annum, which exchequer bills had been made forth tnpurfuance of the said act made in the twelfth year of the reign of bn said late Majesty, and then remained unsatisfied and undischarged, together with tie interest thereupon, and the charges of circulating the same, Should be transferred from the said rates and duties then charged with the same, and be charged, together with the sum of five hundred eighteen thousand six hundred pounds directed to be raised bp tie afore recited act made in the sixteenth year of his present Maje* Ilfs reign, upon the 'duties granted by the said other act of partiet-ment made in the sixteenth year of his present Majestfs reign: and whereas by an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his )9 Geo. ». c. 6. present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, sots cancelling certain exchequer bills upon the terms therein mentioned 5 and for obliging them to advance the sum of one million upon the credit of the land tax and malt duties, granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty six; reciting, that in pursuance of the said recited act made in the sixteenth year of his present Majestfs reign, the said sum of four hundred eighty one thousand four hundred pounds» in exchequer bills, as also the said further sum of five hundred eighteen thousand six hundred pounds, amounting together to the'principal sum of one million were charged upon the said duties arising from licences as aforesaid, at an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum; and that the said exchequer bills, by paying off part of the said principal films, did then amount 1o no more than toe principal sum of nine hundred eighty six thousand eight hundred pounds \ and also reciting, that the said governor and company of the bank of England were willing and contented that the said sum of nine hundred eighty six thousand eight hundred pounds, in exchequer bills* remaining unsatisfied on the said duties payable for licences to sell spirituous liquors by retail, might be cancelled and discharged, and in lieu thereof to aceept of an annuity of thirty nine thousand four hundred and seventy two pounds, being the interest on the said sum, at the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to be charged on the same fe-eurities: and further reciting, that the said governor and company were also willing, upon the terms by them proposed, to advance and pay into the receipt of his Majestfs exchequer, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty six* the sum of one million, upon the credit of the rates and duties and assessments arising by the malt and land tax, granted for the service of the said year, at four pounds per centum per annum, for exchequer bills to be issued for that purpose, it was thereby enacted, That all the said exchequer bills charged upon the said duties, Should be discharged, cancelled and made void, and the interest thereof \ together with the charges of circulating the same, Should bo fully cleared and pair off \ and that in lieu of the said principal Jam of nine hundred eighty six thousand eight hundred pounds, in exchequer bills, the said governor and company Should be intitled to have and receive at his Majestfs exchequer, one annuity or yearly sum of thirty nine thousand four hundred and seventy two pounds, being dfter the rate of four pounds per centum per annum.

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 19.

and upon the find principal sum to be paid in the manner mentioned in tbfi said act, till the redemption thereof bp parliament, with such prove-fives for mating good the deficiencies of the said rates and duties at era in the said act contained; and whereas by another act made in the _ twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An a A1 for granting a duty to his Majesty to be paid by distillers, upon licences taken out by them for retailing spirituous liquors 5 the fivatal distillers within the cities of London and Westminster, borough of Southwark, or weekly bills of mortality, are permitted to take out yearly licences, for retailing spirituous liquors, upon payment of five pounds for every such licence: and whereas by an at1 made ancJ in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, inti* c<^tuied, An Act for granting to his present Majesty an additional duty upon spirituous liquors, and upon licences for retailing of the same9 and for repealing the aA made in the twentieth year of hit present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting a dutV.to Iris Majesty to be paid by distillers, upon licences to be taken out by them for retailing spirituous liquors; and for the more effectual restraining the retailing of distilled spirituous liquors; and for allowing a drawback upon the exportation of British made spirits; and that the parirn of Saint Mary le Bon in the county of Aftddlefe* shall be under the inspection of the head office of exoife; it is enabled, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, the said duty of five pounds payable by every di/liller for a licence to fell spiri-4ueus liquors by retail, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and that in lieu of the said duty, an additional duty of twenty shillings per annum, Should he paid for every licence to be taken out for retailing spirhuons liquors: and whereas tie said laji mentioned duty, not being by the laji mentioned act appropriated, is subject to the disposition of parliament: and whereas the said several duties of twenty shillings, and twenty shillings, for yearly licences, to retail spirituous, have soot been paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distincthy andapartfoomeacbother, hut an afeou % t thereof bath been kept as if the same were consoli dated, and the surplus of the said duties so united, after referwng sufficient to pay the annuity due to the bank of England on the credit of the first of the feud duties, which is how, in.consequente of on a ft made in the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty for reducing the rates of interefi of the several annuities therein mentioned, reduced to the yearly sum of thirty four thousand five hundred and, thirty eighty pounds, and will in consequenie of the said act be from and after the fifth day of January one theufani seven hundred and fifty eight, reduced to twenty nine thousand six hundred and four pounds, hath from time to timey been disposed of by parliament for the publish service: and whereas the revenue arising from the said fevera( duties ft united, will be more than fafiSfient to pay the said annuity, and the security of the governor and company of the bank of England, for the payment tlnreof will be enlarged by charging the find annuity, as well on the said duty granted by the act made* in the twenty fourth year of his present Majesty's reign % as on thefoid former duty p anted by an act made

ft

Surplus of the former duties on licences for retailing spirituous liquors, to be kept a-part,

1, '-

audio go to* wards paying the annqitteft granted by this&

The additional duties, and furplns aiore-faio, appropriated to the

paytaent of the annuities granted by thwart;

V

nr - i'& > '

X*' '

U'r

Confribptors whe ba^paki intg the bank 15l. percent.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. i£. f 1757#

made in the sixteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, and it will be for the publish service to grant the surplus of the said duties ft united, for the purposes of this act, in addition to the fevered rates and duties hereby imposed; be it further enacted by theauthoritjf aforesaid, That from and after the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, the surplus or remainder of the monies arisen, or which shall from time to time arise£ by the said several rates and duties on licences for retailing fpU rituous liquors, after paying and reserving, from time to times at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, money sufficient to satisfy and pay the said annuity due and payable to the governor and company of the bank of England as aforesaid, shall at the said receipt of exchequer, be kept diflindhy and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and the same shall be and is hereby declared to be, an additional fund and security for payment of the several annuities granted by this act, in the manner herein after mentioned, and for no other use or purpose* whatsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several annuities which by this act shall be granted and made payable, with respect of the principal sum of three millions, to be raised in manner and form as is hereafter directed* shall be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the several additional and new rates and duties by this act imposed on stampt vellum, parchment and paper, whereon the said indear tures, leases, bonds, or other deeds, shall be ingracted, written or printed; and also upon and out of the said additional and new duties on news papers, advertisements, almanacks; and also upon and out of the said duty on licences for retailing wine; and also upon and out of the surplus of the duties upon licences for retailing spirituous liquors; and also upon and out of the said additional duty on coals exported to foreign parts 5 and the said several additional and new rates and duties, and the said surplus, are hereby appropriated for that purpose accordingly. 1

XXXII. And whereas several personss have subscribed towards the said sum of three millions for the purchase of annuities, after tht rate of three pounds per centum per annum, transferrable at the hank of England, and redeemable by parliament; and also of annuir ties for lives, payable for every one hundred pounds contributed, after the rate of one pound tvjo shillings and six pence per centum per*annum; and the said J'ubscribers or contributors have, in pursuance of the resolutions of the commons of Great Britain in parliament af- Jembled, deposited with and paid to, the first or chief ca/bier or cafthr iers of the governor and company of the bank of England, fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds by them reffectively subscribed, and are desirous to pay the remaining principal /urns by them subscribed as apresaid, at the times and in the manner herein after appointed in that behalf \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it inall and may be lawful to and/or all such respective contributors who have already deposited with or paid to, the said

*757: ] Anno tric^ig^ Georgii ILc, ?9. 6t

cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of tlte bank of towards pur-Englatid, the sum of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds chafinganmii-by them subscribed respectively, to advance and pay unto th§ ^c.* said cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the are tQ ^bank of England, the remaining sums by them subscribed rtr remainder of j fjpetfively towards the said sum of three million^ on pr befeurftheir'lUbfaipT the respective days or times, and in the proportions m thijS a# - i

hereafter limited in that behalf j that is to say, this jum of ten by pounds per'centum, being part of the sum so remaining, of pr g5u per c#V. before the fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred ai>4 bY 7 July# fifty seven; the sum of fifteen pounds per centum, other pa* P*[ IheVeof, on or before the seventh day of July then npxjt fplJowT ing; AeTumol'fifteen pounds per centum* other part thereof, by, i Sept.# 00 or before the eighteenth day of August then next following* 15^per cem^ the fern of fifteen pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or ^d10'?a*L1\, before^ the twenty first day of September then next following; ccovbS^T'the sum of fifteen pounds per centum* other part thereof, on or December, -. before the tenth day of November then next following; and thp remaining sum of fifteen pounds per centum, on pr before the twenty fecoftd day of December then next following.

XXXIir. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Coiftritator That every such contributor, for and in respect of every pne ifltitled to hundred pounds by him subscribed, shall be intituled to an an* nuity after Jthe rate of three pounds per centum per annum trans- amrokto,ferrable al the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament $ and an khhui-and shall also be intitled for every one hundred pounds so fuf>- ty for life of scribed; to an annuity for life, after the rate of one pound two, l*

shillings and six pence /rr centum per annum. per cen

XXXfW And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the annuities which shall become due and payable fp thesseveral contributors, their executors, administrators and afifens, after the rate of three pounds per centum pgr annum, 3l. per cent, fhalT commence and be computed from the said fifth day of, 7^annu, tie8 cine thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and shall be paid by hdlftyeariy payments, by even and equal portions, on the 7S7. 7 fifth day of January and the nfth day of July in every year; and and to be paid that thd annuities for lives which shall be due and payable, after half-yearly, the* rate of one pound two shillings and six pence per centum per b/Ijj^itlCi annum* shall be paid in like manner, by half-yearly payments, half-yearly "by even ^nd equal portions, on the fifth day ox January and the also. fifth day of Jufy in every year; the first half-yearly payment to be made on the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, if such contributors respectively shall, on or before that time, hive appointed their nominees; or upon such of the said half-yearly days of payment, as (haltbe next after the respective appointments of their nominees.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-Receipts to be said. That the said cashier or Cashiers of the governor and com-#yen to con-pany of the barik of England who shall have received or shall receiVeaify part of the said contributions towards the faicj sum three ntHliehr, shall give receipts in writing to every fqch cjon- which be 6 - ( ' .* i tributor a % n*d^v;:

Caflrior of the bftnk to give securkyi

and pay the toomos kxt6-theejKShequor.

Trtafery to apply the mo' ncy to the Cervices voted by the commons.

Contributors names to be entered in books at the bank.

duplicate thereof to be transmitted to the exchequer.

Contributors duly paying their subscrt] tioas,

crip-

to have sure estates in the annuities.

and the same to be tax-free.

Anrto Mcfefirto QkdH&rtt fl. t. [ if£f*

ttf&tftofr foraflKftrcfr fems^ struf that the tf&Apte td bt so giVerf shall be by mdorlfetoent fhetetfpon math?, at any tktrt

before the fifth1 Ay of Janucttp one' thoirfatVd feverr tluhdred atkd fifty eight, arttf ftdjongfer.

XXXVI. Provided always, That such caffiffet or

Stall gtvfe fecufjty to the gdocf liking of arty three o* mote of the cbfrtmrffioriers of the tverfunr for the time being, or the high treasurer for the rime being, for duly answering and? paying into the receipt of his MajestJ's exchequer for the publick use* aHthe monies which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive; from time to rime*, 6f and for the said] fam of tftred OliHions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby ki them reposed; and shall frotti tithe to time pay all fudv monies so received; and account fot the same in the exchequer, according to the due course thereof.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the comrmrflioners of the treaftiry, or the high treasurer for the titne being, to issue and apply, from time totimerall fuqh sums of itio^ hey as shall be so paid iritd the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the said cashier of cafhlett, to such services as shall then have been voted' by the commons of Great Britain in this present session of parliament.

XXXVIII. And be it farther ehafted by (he authority aforesaid:, That in the office of theaccomptant general of the governor and company of the bank of England*fot the time being, a book or books shall beprovided arid* kept, in which the names of the said contributors shall be fairly enterted, which book or books the said respective contributors, their respective executors, ad*, ministrators and assigns, shall and may, from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort to and irifpett, without any fee or charge; and that the said accomptant general shall, on or before the fifth dky of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, trartsmit an attested'duplicate fairly written on paper; of the said book or hooks, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such contributors duly paying the whole sum sub-r feribed, at or before the respective times in this act limited in that behalf, and their respective executors, administrators and assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be intitled by virtue of this act, to have, receive and enjoy, the said several annuities by this a<$t granted in respect of the sum so subscribed, out of the monies by this act appropriated for payment thereof, and shall have good and sure interests and estates therein, according to the several provisions in this act contained, as well in respect of the said transferable annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as of the said annuities for lives, after the rate of one pound two shillings and six pence ter centum per an* numy and that the said several annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges and impositions whatsoever.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

17S7.] Anno tficeftm* GEOfton IL c. i0l 6$

That as fotoias streh respe£btoe> contributors, their rrip*di*won compjcN executor*, adirinifoators and assigns, shall hove Qompkfioi tho ing their pay* payment* of the monies by them respectively fuWcribecfc teeord# menu, con. the fowl sum of three millions, for the purchase ef th^idd fckj*lbutors.to ve»a> annuities, faeh sums, for and in respect of fuclu transfer- na^be^ra^[ rable annuities, after the rate of three pounds pm centun per <m-t to their credit, nut*) in which they (halt become interested, shall, from: and afc for the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty and the same force, be placed to their credit, and made transferable in thiac to be trans-books of the bank of England to be kept for that purpose. # ferrable.

XLI. Provided always, That in case any such* cmm*ibmor»C tributorfc who have already deposited with* or shall hereafter pay totta notduiy pay-fed. cashiers, any sum or fumo of money at the times and ii* ing the wholes die maimer before mentioned, in part of the sums so by them their fab- ' mspectively subscribed* or their respective executors, admaaU-strators and assigns, shall not advance or pay to the said cashien {hLtthare'or ca/hiers therefidue of the fujn* so subscribed, at the ticnesanfe paid; ki the manner before mentioned; then and in every such ca&y so much of the respective sums so subscribed as shall have been a&oally paid in jmrt thereof to the said cashier or cashiers* shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick; any thing in this wGH ooootained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstandmgv

XLIP. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* The dutiee TTiat the several i annuities which by this act are granted dndl and suns made payable in respect of the said sum of three millions, to^be

be charged and chargeableupon, and payable out* of the federal af*nd for rates, duties, and sums of money* composing the fund, hereby payment of established for the payment thereof and the said>several rates, du- the annuities* ties and sums of money are hereby appteprilAe& for that purpose accordingly.

XLin. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid^ Contributors That the said accomptant general for the bank of Englandfan to have credl# the time being, shall, in a book or books to be provided: antfcj^P^ the kept for that purpose, give credit'to the said rtfpe6Hve contribu^ paid in, for9, and their respective executors, administratops and assigns^by them* for the principal sums by them respectively fubforibed and paid; and the persons to whose credit such principal sums*shall brfa placed, their respective executors, administnotorst and assigns*

shall and may have ppwer to assign and transfer the same, of tj, e same \>t any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other person^or tr«isfarredkte persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in other book* other books to be provided and kept by the said accomptant g©- neral for that purpose; and every principal sum so assigned ami* transferred, shall carry an annuity after the rate of three pound* per centum per annum, and shall be taken and deemed transferrable according to the true intent and meaning of thistfcrraWe act, until redemption thereof by parliament, according to*proviso herein after contained for that purpose.

XLIV. Andy for the more easy and sure payment of the said A chief cashier transjerrabh annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum* and accompr* per annum; be it further enacted by the authority aforesak^. j*nb 8*ncrai» That the said governor and company of the bank of England, p^oyed^t the

and bank.

Treasury to ifliic roouey from time to time, to the said cashier.

64 Amk> ttfccfime Georgii II. c.tg.

[1757.

and their successors, shall, from time to time, until the bid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, shall be redeemed as aforesaid, appoint and employ one or more sufficient person or persons within their office in the city of linden* to be their chief or hrft cashier or cashiera, and one Qtber sufficient person within the same office, to be their accomptapt general; and that so much of the monies from time to time arising into the said receipt of the exchequer, from the said rates and duties, and sums of money by this act granted and appropriated, as shall be sufficient, from time to time, for payment of the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the treasurer of the exchequer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, bad and obtained, in that behalf, from time to time, at for payment of the respective half-yearly days of payment in this act appointed the annuities. for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the said receipt of exchequer, to the said tirft or chief cashier or cathiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their sucessors for the time being, by way of imprest, and upon account for payment of the said annuities, after the rate of three pound* per centum per annum, at such times, and in such manner and form, as are by the said act prescribed in that behalf; and that such cashier or cashiers, to whom the said money shall from time to time, be ifhied, shall from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their account thereof, according to the due course of the exchequer,

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said accomptant general for the time being shall from time to time insped and examine all receipts and payments of, the said cadiier or cashiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence or delay $ and that all persons who shall be intitled to any of the said annuities after the rare of three pounds per centum per annum, and all per-i Tons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as personal estate. of a personal estate, which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor.

liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London or o- therwife; any law, Statute or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies to be advanced or contributed by virtue of this act, towards the said sum of three millions, on which the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be deemed one capital and joint (lock; and that all persons and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the monies by them severally advanced, for the purchase of the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, or to which they shall become intitled by virtue of this act, shall have and be aeemed to have a proportional imereft and share in the said (lock, and in the said annuities attending the tome, at the rate aforesaid \ and that the said whole

capital

Accomptant general to to sped the receipts and payments.

Annuities to be deemed a

turns contributed to be deemed a

joint itock

tj$pJ1 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. tg. 6$

c^hA'bk^iif ft6ck, br'ariylhare 6r interest therein, shall be and may be alffiWaWfellrtd^rsirtsferfkbW as fhft act directs, and not-jotberwife. or

IfDVIII Trbvided aHo, artd ft is Hereby ena&etl by the J^nu.tiM jc-ttoHty hf&tffidd, That at any time upon one year's notice to beared to j, c prihwcf Iri the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Ex- redeemable by cbdkgieM Ditrdots, and upon repayment by parliament of the said parliament, fonr pTthrdfe rrrillibns, or any part thereof, by payments not left "than fiVfc hundred thousartd pounds at one time* in such manner as shall be directed by any future act or acts of parliament in that* behalf, and also upon full payment of all arrearages of the said annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, then, and not till then, such or so much of the fidd annuities as shall be attending on the principal sums so.

pWd off, (half cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed'; and that any vote or resolution of the house of commons, signified by the speaker in writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange \n London arafortsaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient, aotics within the words and meaning of this a6h

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to^That books shall be constantly kept by the said accomptant-jeept for enter-general for the time being, wherein all assignments or transfersng assign-oP the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum J^s^of pb'anrttan % shall at all seasonable tirrtes be entered and regi(lerT annuities.0 ed; which entry shall be conceived in proper words fqr that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such (a(Egn-ments or transfers; or if such parties be absent, by: their re.-Method of af-spedKiteattornies, thereunto lawfully authorized in-writing un- signing and dek their hands and seals, to be attested by two or-more cr*"; tuartf^, c, n^ bl^wttndfes; and that the several persons to whom such trank*e art^' < - < fers shall be made, shall respectively under-write their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of aligning and trank

ferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law.

XLIX. Provided always, That all persons possessed of any Annuities /

Shire hi the said joint (lock of annuities, or estate and interest maX;

thfcxeth, may devise the same by will in writing, attested by two VIIt y or m&rexredible witnesses; but that no payment shall be made Entry to be on any such devise, till so much of the said will as relates to any mauc tasicof. Shire, estate, or interest in the said joint (lock of annuities, be _ entered in the said office"; and ttat in default of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, or interest in the said joint (lock, .; I of Annuities, shall go to the executors or administrator9; and./ that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of ^l^t^nrecn-said transfers; any law or Statute to the contrary notyvitli- ab!e on trans* Handing. ftn.

L. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore?- -preasury to*said, That out of the monies arising from the contributions to* defray all inwards raising the said sum of three mllftrtns, arty three or mowcidnml of \hc of of the rreasury, or the high treasurer the tftne* behv>; (half have power to discharge ?IL such incident;

XXII. F charges

taut general,

to be at the

the b;

66 AnnQ ttkesimo Georgii II. c. 19. [1757.

charges as shall necessarily attend the executioa of this act, irx and to settle such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and also the allowances to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be thought proper fK^dC T° ^or ^erv^ce» Pa'ns and labour, of the said cashier or cashiers, anVaccorap- for receiv*ngi paying and accounting for the said contributionsj*and also shall have power to make Out of the fund hereby eftar blished, or out of the sinking fund, such further allowances as shall be judged reasonable for the service, pains and labour of the said cashier or cashiers, for receiving, paying and accounting for the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, payable by virtue of this act; and also for disposal of the the service, pains and labour of the said accomptant general, governor and for performing the trust reposed in him by this act; all which -'-'^any ot allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the service, pains and labour of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said goverr nor and company, and at their disposal only.

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-Bank to con- said, That the said governor and company of the bank of Engr rah^HUhe* an(* t^e, r facccflbrs, notwithstanding the redemption of annuities are* or any ^le*r own funds, in pursuance of the acts for efta-are redeemed, blishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a corporation till all the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, by this act granted, shall be redeemed by paiv liament, according to the proviso herein before contained in that behalf; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act;

LII. And whereas in pursuance of a resolution of the commits of Great Britain in parliament assembled, divers performs did subscribf the sum $f three hundred thirteen thousand one hundred pounds, qnd no more, towards the sum of two millions five hundred thousan^ founds, by the said resolution directed to, be raised in manner thereUf mentioned, by annuities for lives, with the benefit of survivorship, or for terms of years certain: and whereas by a subsequent resolution of the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, all fuhe Jcribers towards the said jum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds, pursuant to the said former resolution, who, instead of the annuities therein mentioned, Should choose to accept the annuities pre-posed by the said subsequent resolution, and who, on or before, the fourth day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty [even* should\ in books to be opened at the bank of England for that purpose^ express their consent, or not express their dissent thereunto, were, upon their compliance with the terms in the subsequent resolution last mentioned, for every one hundred pounds so by them subscribed, intit led, to the several annuities by the said subsequent resolution proposed; in which case the sums jo by them before advanced, were to be deemed part of their contribution, for the purchase of the annuities, by the subsequent resolution proposed: and whereas fcyctal of the persons so fubfiribing the sum of three bundled thirteen thousand one hundred

1757.] Anno trtetsimo Georgii II. c. 19; 67

pounds, towardr the firm of two millions five hundred thousand pounds, directed to be raised on the terms of the said first mentioned resolution, induced by the allowance of three pounds per centum, Subscribers to Jupulated by the said resolution to be made to them for all previous the sum of payments, may have advanced more than the sum o f fifteen pounds purfa'a°n7to per centum, by the said la/l-mentioned resolution directed to be paid a former re-by way of deposit for every one hundred pounds subscribed; be it Solution of the enacted bvthe authority aforesaid, That the first or chief cash- commons ac-ieror cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, shall restore to every such subsenber who, before the to be repaid fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, with interest ihalf have demanded restitution thereof, so much moneyas shall !m'^h of exceed the amount of such depofrt, together with interest for money as* ex-the same, after the rate of three pounds per tentum per annum* ceeds i5t. per from the time of such previous payments to the time of such cent. of the demand; the said interest lo be paid by the said cashier or cafhters out of the monies contributed by virtue of this adh crl t

LIII. And whereas several of the persons who subscribed towards the said sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds, on the terms of the said first-mentioned resolution, may have been prevented, either by absence or ignorance of the said last mentioned refolu-tion, from complying with the terms thereof; be it enacted by the Time alWed authority aforesaid, That all such persons shall be at liberty, if to subscribers they think fit, at any time before the fourth day of June one°the former thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, either to demand recti- ^l^wor tution of the depefit of ten pounds per centum, made by them subscribe into on the terms of the said first-mentioned resolution, which the this, said cashier or cashiers is and are hereby required to return accordingly, or to subscribe the like sums on die terms of the resolution last mentioned; and that in the dead of any person or ^lber? persons so demanding and obtaining restitution of the sums by ttei^room! him, her or them subscribed, towards the said sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds, directed to be raised in pursuance of the said first-mentioned resolution, any other person or persons shall, on or before the fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, be admitted to subscribe towards completing the sum directed to be raised in pursuance of the resolution last mentioned, he, she or they, paying at the time of such subscription the several sums then payable according to the terms of the said resolution.

LIV. And whereas for the greater encouragement of persons to become contributors to the said sum of three millions, directed by this all to be raised, it is intended that each contributor shall for every otie hundred pounds contributed be also intitled to an annuity for lifeafter the rate of one pound two shillings and six pence per centum per Contributors annum; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That to have an every person who shall advance and pay unto the said caftiier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, 6d. for every at or before the respective days and time9, and in the respective 100l. paid 1*1, proportions herein before directed, the principal sum of one hundred pounds, or divers entire sums of one hundred pound?.

Fa for

over and above the annuity of 3]. per cent, per annum, to be paid half-yearly.

Cashier to give to contributors, on payment of 40l. per cent, certificates.

68 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 19. C1757-

for the purchase of the annuities granted by this acV, shall, for or in respect of every principal sum of one hundred pounds so to be advanced and paid, be intitled to have and receive at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer during his or her life, or the life of some other person, to be nominated by him or her, or by his or her assigns, an annuity of one pound two shillings and six pence per centum per annum, over and above the annuity of three pounds per centum per annum, before by this act made payable at the bank of England to each contributor of one hundred pounds; which annuity so payable at the exchequer as aforesaid, shall be paid by half-yearly payments, on the fifth day of January and the fifth day of July in every year; the first payment thereof to be made on the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, if such contributors respectively shall on or before that time have appointed their nominees in manner herein after-mentioned, or upon such of the said half-yearly days of payment as shall be next after the respective appointments of their nominees; and that the said cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, shall, as soon as he or they shall have received from any such contributor forty pounds per centum, of the several fumsby them respectively subscribed, forthwith give.to such contributor or his or her assigns, a certificate by hi m or them signed, directed to the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, to be printed or written upon cheque paper, and cut out indentwise, through some flourish or device, to be contrived by the said cashiers, containing the names and N additions of such contributors, or his or her assigns, together with the annuity payable to him, her or them, in respect of the which may be sum so contributed; which certificate shall be assignable by in-assigned. dorfement thereon to be made and witnessed by two persons at any time or times before the fifth day of January one thousand Counterpart°f seven hundred and fifty eight; and that in order to prevent the certificatesSro all(^for of the said receipt horn being imposed upon by any coun-be transmitted terfeit or forged certificate, the said cashiers shall transmit to the to the auditor said auditor the counterpart of the cheques of all the certificates given by them to such contributors as aforesaid 5 upon which counterparts shall be expressed the number of such certificate, the contributors name, and the annuity contained therein.

LV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the same cashier or cashiers shall, within seven days after the auditor, a the said twenty second day of December one thousand seven hun-book of the ^red and fifty seven, transmit to the auditor of the said receipt of the exchequer a book fairly written on paper, signed by him or them, containing the names of the several contributors towards raising the said sum of three millions, the principal sums by them respectively paid, and the annuities payable in respect thereof, at the rate aforesaid, to the end that the said auditor may be thereby satisfied that the full and entire sum payable by each contributor, hath been paid to such cashier or cashiers; which books shall remain in the office of the auditor of the said receipt for ever.

of the exchequer,

Cashier to transmit to

contributors names, and sums paid.

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 19. 69

LVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Contributors That every such contributor, or such other person as shall be to bring their possessed of any such certificate by this act directed to be given certificates to by any such cashier, shall, before the fifth day of January one exchanged thousand seven hundred and fifty eighr, deliver, or cause to be for order8> delivered, every certificate so to him or her given, to be exchanged for orders to be made out in the manner herein after mentioned; and shall also at the same time name to the said and to name auditor, his or her own, or some other life, during which he nominees for or (he, or his or her assigns, shall be intitled to receive a divi-th an' dend or share of the yearly fund by this act directed to be set a- nuit c, ' part, out of the said several rates, duties and sums of money, by this act granted to his Majesty, upon pain of forfeiting not only the half-year's annuity which shall become due and payable to him or her, or his or her assigns, on the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, in respect of every principal sum of one hundred pounds, to be advanced as aforesaid, but also all subsequent half-yearly payments, until he or she, or his or her assigns, shall have produced to the auditor of the receipt such certificate or certificates, and shall have appointed a nominee or nominees as aforesaid.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, sucha num-That the auditor of the said receipt or exchequer shall, as soon ber of orders as conveniently may be after such certificate or certificates shall for certificates be delivered to him, cause such and so many order or orders 0°^ for payment of such annuities, to be made out in the exche- contributors quer for such certificate or certificates, as shall be desired by shall desire; the said several and respective contributors, or their assigns; taking care that the annuity or annuities made payable by such order or orders, do not exceed in the whole the annuity or annuities specified and expressed in such certificate or certificates, in exchange for which such order or orders shall be so made out as aforesaid; which order or orders shall be made out upon vellum or parchment, and shall contain the names, sirnames, additions and places of abode, of the respective contributors or their assigns, and of their nominees, and the reputed ages and parents of their nominees, with other descriptions, which shall bed ascertain the person of such nominees; and also the same to be the annuities payable during the lives of such respective nomi- signed by j nees out of the yearly fund herein after directed to be set apart commissioner for that purpose; and all such orders shall be signed by the com- °Jrthe trca" missioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being; and after signing thereof, the same shall be firm, good, valid and effectual in law, according to the purpose and true meaning thereof, and of this act, and shall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removals of any commissioner or of of the treasury, or high treasurer; nor shall they, or any of them, have power to reyoke, countermand, or make void, such orders so signed as aforesaid.

LVIII. And it is hereby enacted, That in the offices of the Books toh auditor of the said receipt of the exchequer, and clerk of the prided at

i 3 pelis the exchequer

70 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. T9. \.1751.

for entering pells federally, there shall be provided and kept one or more the names of book or books, in which shall be fairly entered the names of all contributors, such contributors, or their assign*, and their nominees, during nominees. lives rdjpedively the several dividends of the said yearly

1'fund hereafter directed to be set apart shall be payable, at the time when the same shall be nominated as aforesaid; which books it shall be lawful for the respective contributors, their executors, administrators or assigns, from time to time, to have resort to, and to inspect without fee or reward.

Th.LIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-fumot^F, 75ol. That out of the monies arising by virtue of this act, there appropriated shall yearly and every year be separated and kept apart at the for payment laid receipt of exchequer, the sum of thirty three thousand seven of life an- hundred and fifty pounds; which said sum of thirty three thou-numes. sand fCV€n huncjrcd and fifty pounds shall be, and is hereby declared to be a yearly fund, for answering and paying the annuities as aforesaid, and shall yearly and every year be equally divided among the said contributors, their executors, administrators or assigns, during the lives of their respective nominees, in proportion to the principal sums by them advanced, by two equal half Payment to be yearly payments; that is to say, on the fifth day of January and made half- fifth day of July in every year; the first payment thereupon to

yearly. be made on the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, it such contributors respectively shall, on or before that time, have appointed their nominees, or upon such of the said half yearly days of payment, as shall be next after the respective appointments of their nominees.

LX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^afeupon That upon the death of every such nominee, the share of the the death of said fund which was payable during his or her life, shall cease the nominee, and determine.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, mrd^oties That it shall and may be lawful to any such contributor, or his quotas dur- or ^cr executors, administrators or assigns, at any time during the ilig the life of life of his or her nominee or nominees, by proper words of auign-the respective ment to be indorsed on his or her, or their order, to be witnessed by nominees. two persons, to assign or transfer his, her or their right, title, interest, and benefit of such order or orders, to any other person or persons; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of the exchequer, the officers there shall cause an entry or memorial thereof to be made in the book of registry for such orders, without fee or charge; and after such entry made, such offignments shall intitle such assignee or assignees, his, her or their executors, administrators or assigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and such assignee or assignees may, in like manner, assign again, and so toties quoth$\ and afterwards it shall not be in the power of such person or persons who shall make such assignmens, to make void, release, or discharge the ( same, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof. u -^LXiL And, for preventing all frauds in receiving any share the yearly fund hereby appointed to be set apart as aforesaid;

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 19. 71

be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every con- Atdemanding tributor, his or her executors, administrators, assigns or agents, ceAffiAte^ upon demand of any half yearly payment of his or her respectiverom in; shires of the said yearly fund (unless the nominee appears in nifter and person at the said feceipt) shall produce a certificate of the fife churchwardens of his, her or their respective nominee, signed by the minister and churchwardens of the parish where such nominee shall be the nominee then living, upon the day when the said half yearly payments if resident m shall become due (if such nominee shall be then refidingin that England part of Great Britain called England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed) or Otherwise, it shall and may be lawful tb and for every such contributor, or his or her executors, administrators ot assigns, at his or her election, to make oath of the or {ht same to truth of his, her or their rfespective nominee's life upon the day be certified, on when the said halfyearly payment shall become due, before one oath, before a or more justices of the peace of the respective county, riding, iultice» city, town or place, wherein such person, at the time of making such oath, shall reside; and in like manner every such contributor, his or their executors, administrators, assigns or agents, tvhofe nominee shall relide in any town of ptace, being extrapa- antj; n pieces fochial, upon the day where any of the said halfyearly payments extraparochial shall become due, shall make a like oath before any such justice or justices aforesaid, of the life of such nominee on that day (which oath the said justice or justices of the peace are hereby impowered to administer) and such justice or justices shall make, a certificate thereof; for which oath and certificate no fee or re- Thecertifi-Ward shall be demanded or paid; and the said certificate shall cates to befil-be filed in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of the ex- C£*in theaudi-diequer. for* office.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penaltyofma-That if any person shall be guilty of a false oath, or shall forge king a false any certificate touching the premisses, and be thereof lawfully oath, or forg-convicted, such person mall incur the pains and penalties inflict-cert'fi* ed upon persons committing wilful perjury and forgery. cate

LxIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^om; ne^e That in case any nominee shall, at the time of such demand, be ing residertt"ia resident in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in the Scotland, or kingdom of Ireland, and any one or more of the barons of the Ireland, ba-exchequer there for the time being shall certify, that upon to him or them made (which proof he and they is and are hereby to^rant ccr* authorized and required to take in a summary way) it doth seem tificates} jprobable to him or them that the said nominee is living (which certificate is to be given on examination made without fee or charge) the said certificate being filed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient warrant for making the said half yearly payment0 the respective contributors, their executors, administrators or assigns; and in case any such nominee shall, at the time of such demand, be jf resident in resident in any parts beyond the seas, the proprietors of all such foreign parts, orders, or their agents, shall produce certificates of the life of his, the British mi-her or their respective nominees, under the hand of the British ni^er>*any» minister refuting at the plape where any such nominee shall be

Ji Anno trioeGmo Georgii II. c. 19, C1757-

living upon the day when such half yearly payment shall become due; which certificates shall be given without fee or reward; and in case no Briujh minister shall reside at the place where any such nominee shall live* then the said proprietors of such orders, or such agents, shall produce a certificate of the life of his, her or their respective nominees, under the hand and seal of tho or the chief chief magistrate of any city, town or place, where any such qo-roagistrates, to minee shall be then living upon the day when the said half yearly payment shall become due as aforesaid; and every such agent or agents shall also annex to every such certificate or affidavit to be made by him or them, before one or more of the barons of the exchequer, that he or they do believe that such certificate is true; which certificate being filed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient warrant for making the said half yearly payment to the respective contributors, their executors, administrators or assigns j and if in anuuvt any Per n or Persons shall receive one or more half yearly pay-beyon'dthe^life ments upon his, her or their annuity or annuities, for any time of the nominee, beyond the death of his, her or their nominee or nominees, when forfeits treble the same ought to cease, such person or persons knowing such nominee or nominees to be dead, shall forfeit treble the value of the monies so by him, her or them, received, and also the sum of five hundred pounds; the moiety whereof shall goto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who will sue for the same, by ac1ion of debt, bill, suit or information, in which no eflfoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, injunction, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed. Death of norm-

LXv. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

nee to becerti- That every contributor, his or her executors, administrators or dhor of the ex- a^Sns* within one month next after notice of the death of his.

gi ant certificates.

Agent to annex his testimony to the certificate.

Person receiv-

the fiun, and 59CU

chequer,

her or their respective nominee or nominees, shall certify such death to the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer for the time and order to being, and shall also within three months after such notice, deli-be delivered up, yer or cause to be delivered up to the said auditor, his, her, or their order or orders, by which he, (lie or they, was and were intitled during the life of such nominee to any share of the said yearly fund, in case such order and orders be in his, her or their hands or power j and in default thereof, such contributor, his or her executors, administrators and assigns, shall forfeit the sum of iTlpCna^ten pounds; to be recovered by aChon of debt, as aforesaid, and to 10*be had and received for the use of any person who shall sue for the same.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the annuities payable to such contributors out of the said yearly fund, shall be free from all taxes, charges and impositions whatsoever.

LXVII. And whereas it may so happen that in procef of time, several of the funding orders may be loji, burnt or destroyed, or may become defaced, obliterated, or incumbered with many alignments thereon, and it may be necessary that new, orders Should be made forth in lieu thereof; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all or ?ny the said cases, any'threeor more of

Annuities to be tax-tree.

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 19. 73

the of of tbfe treasury now being, or the high trea- Orders loft, surer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall and they are hereby impowered, from may bcrenew-time to time (upon certificate under the hand of the lord chief cd; baron, or any other of the barons of the coif of his Majesty's court of exchequer, that he or they are satisfied, by proof upon oath before him or them made, that any f'uch order or orders have been loft, burnt or otherwise destroyed) to cause new orders to be made forth at the exchequer, to be made by him or them, in lieu of such orders so certified to be loft, burnt or destroyed; and the respective officers in the said exchequer are hereby directed to pay the interest which shall from time to time become due on such new orders, as if the original order or orders had been produced; and all such payments shall be allowed in their respective accounts; provided that the person or persons intitled to receive the interest due upon any such order or orders r^cftcuritr do give security to the King, to the good liking of the person ap- s s y pointed to pay the same into the exchequer for the use of the publick, so much money as shall be paid thereupon, if the order or orders so certified to be loft, burnt or otherwise destroyed, be hereafter produced; and the said of of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall also have power to New orders*cause new (landing orders to be made forth, for and in lieu of may be issued such orders as shall become defaced, obliterated or otherwise in- 111 |*eu ot cumbered as aforesaid; which said order or orders shall be, at ^ced^&c? dC* the same time delivered up and cancelled, and the new order or orders to be made out in lieu thereof, shall be made payable, and delivered to the person or persons who shall appear to be the proprietor or proprietors of the said order or orders so to be delivered up and cancelled, at the time of such delivery as aforesaid; and the auditor of the receipt as aforesaid, shall always take Entry thereof care that such entries or memorandums be made upon the said tobemadeoa new orders, as may denote their being made in lieu of such de- ^gncwor* faced, obliterated, incumbered or otherwise defective orders cancelled, and as may secure the publick against any double payments, for or by reason of the making out or issuing such new orders in manner aforesaid.

LXVIII. And for preventing all frauds and abuses in or about the said Jlonding orders, or any assignments thereof or the receiving the annuities due or to grow due thereon; be it enacted by the au- Penalty offor-thority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall ging or coun* forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or terteiting, cer-knowingly or wilfully act and assist in the forging or counter- or oVfratSu-feiting any certificate or certificates to be given by such cashier lently receivl or cashiers, or any order or orders to be made forth in lieu there- ing annuities, of, in pursuance of this present act, or any assignment or assignments of such order or orders, or of the annuities payable thereon, or of any receipt or discharge to the exchequer, for the annuities due or to grow due on any such order or orders, or of ?ny letter of attorney, or other authority or instrument, to transfer,

No fee to be

taken for receiving or pacing the contributions or annuities,

or issuing receipts, &c.

Penalty on officer taking fees, misapplying the public money, or otherwise neglecting his duty.

Anno trfeesimo Georgii II. c. 1$.

[1757.

fer, assign, alien or convey any such order or orders* or to receive the annuities due or to grow <Jue thereon, or any part thereof; or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully ad or arffift in the forging or counterfeiting any the name or names of any of the proprietors of any such order or orders, in of to any such pretended alignment or alignments, receipt, letter of attorney, certificate, inrtnimem err authority; or shall falsely and deceitfully perfortate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of any of the Paid orders, and there* by assign, or endeavour to alsign, any of the said orders, or receive or endeavour to receive the money of such true and lawful proprietor, as if such offender were the true and lawful owner thereof; then, and in every such case, all and every speh person and persons being thereof lawfully confided in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward or gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's subjects for receiving or paying the said contribution.monies, or any of them, or for paying the said several annui- ties, or any of them, or for any transfer of any sum great or small, to be made in pursuance of this act, upon pain that any offender or person offending by taking or demanding any such fee, reward or gratuity, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with foil costs of suit; and that all receipts and issues, and all other things directed by this act to be performed in the exchequer, shall be done and performed by the officer there, without demanding or receiving, direct, or indt-redly, any fee, reward or gratuity for the same; and in case the officers of the exchequer shall take or demand any such fee or reward, or shall misapply or divert any of the monies to be paid into the exchequer upon this act, or shall pay or issue out of the same, otherwise than according to the intent of this act, or shall not keep fufch books, registers, or make entries, and do and perform all other things which by this act they are directed and required to do and perform; every such offender shall forfeit his place, and be for ever after incapable of any office or place of trust whatsoever, and shall answer and pay treble costs of suit, to any contributor, or person claiming under him, that will sue for the same, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint Or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege or wager of law, itijundion or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and in the said action, the plaintiff upon recovery shall have full costs of suit, one third of which sum shall be paid into the said receipt of exchequer for the benefit of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other two thirds shall be to and for the use of the prosecutor.

LXX. Provided always, antk be it eaaded. That in case any officer of the exchequer shall make payment of any share or shares of the said yearly fund of thirty three thousand seven hundred

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. ig. 7$

dred and fifty pounds, by this act directed to be set apart for the Officer unwit* purposes aforesaid, upon any such certificate or certificates as ting, y pay, fn& aforesaid, suchofficer shall not incur any penalty, forfeiture or ^rtlficates* disability, though the said certificate be forged or false, or the not to incur find nominee be dead, uflkfs the said officer did know, at the any penalty lime of such payment, that the said nominee was dead, or that ther«by the said certificate was forged or falsew

LXXI. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, Deficiencies That if at any time or times it shall happen that the produce of °* duties the said several rates and duties and sums ot money hereby granted g^dout of the for payment of the said several annuities, shall not be sufficient sinking fund, to pay and discharge the several and respective annuities, and other charges directed to be paid thereout, at the end of any or either of the respective half-yearly days of payment, at which the same are hereby directed to be paid, then, and so osten, and in every such case, such deficiency or deficiencies shall and may be supplied put of any of the monies which at any time or times shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues composing the fund commonly called The sinking fund\ (except such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses, by any former act or acts of parliament in that behalf) and such monies of the said sinking fund, shall and may be, from time to time, issued and applied accordingly; and Occasional if at any time or times before any monies of the several rates ^payment^ and duties and sums of money hereby granted, shall be brought Of annuities, into the exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a want to be suppli^l of money for paying the several annuities as aforesaid, which ?u[.of. shall be actually incurred and grown due at any of the half- rmlanStund* yearly days of payment before mentioned, that then and in every such case the money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the monies of the sinking fund, (except as before excepted) and be iflfued accordingly.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Monies issued aforesaid, That whatever monies shall be issued out of the fink- ^JJ^inefuncf ing fund shall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the to bereplaced. first supplies to be then after granted in parliament.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authori- Surplus of the ty aforesaid, That in case there shall be any surplus or remainder fcfcrvjdfor of the monies arising by the said several rates and duties, after the disposition of said several and respective annuities, and alf arrears thereof, are parliament, satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose, such surplus or remainder shall, from time to time, be reserved for the disposition of parliament, and shall not be issued but by the authority of parliament, and as shall be directed by future act or acts of parliament; any thing in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXIV. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons sued That if any person or persons shall at any time or times bt filed on this act, or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in may Ple?d the pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing in this act con- sencra 1 uc#

taia*

j§ Anno tricesimq Georgii II. c. 19, [1757.

tained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defend-T ble costs an* or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become re eco s. nonfujte(^ then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Geo. j. c. 23»

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, made perpetu- That an a eft made in the second year of the reign of his present a* Majesty, intituled An act for the better regulation of attornies and

folliciton, which was to be in force from the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty nine for the term of nine years, and from thence to the end of the next session of parliament 5 and which by an act made in the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign, was explained and amended, and further continued until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty eight, and from thence to the end of the next session of parliament; and which by an act made in the twenty third year of his present Majesty's reign, was explained-and amended, and further continued until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the next session of parliament; by which the payment of several stamp duties on the admission of attornies and follicitors is enforced and regulated, shall, from and after the expiration thereof, be further continued and made perpetual.

LXXVI. And whereas divers persons through mijlakeycbfencey or some unavoidable accident, to the prejudice of infants and others, have omitted to cause affidavits to bt made and filed in the proper offices, of the act ual execution of several contra ft s in writing, to serve as clerks to attornies andfollicitors, within the times limited by law for that purpoJey and many persons maybe in danger of incurring certain disabi-Time allowed kities by such omissions; be it therefore enacted by the authority to make and aforesaid, That all and every person and persons who have file affidavits omitted to cause such affidavit or affidavits to be made and filed of imfentures as and who shall, on or before the first day of Michael-

&c. omitted to mas term one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, cause one or bedone within more affidavit or affidavits to be made and filed in such manner ass direc^ed bY the kwsn being, shall be, and are hereby toed by law. demnified, freed and discharged from and against all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities and disabilities, in or by any aeft or acts of parliament mentioned, incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any neglect or omission, in causing such affidavit or affidavits to be made out and filed in such manner as is required by the laws in being; and such affidavit or affidavits so to be made and filed as aforesaid, shall be as effectual to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been made and filed within the respective times limited by the laws in being for that purpose.

LXXVII. And for the relief of any person or persons, whoy through neglect or inadvertency, hath or have emitted to pay the fever ral rates and duties, or any part thereof upon monies given, paidy controlled pr agreed for, with or in relation to any clerk y apprentice or servant who hath been put or placed to or with any m yler or mijlrefs

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 20. 77

to learn any profession, trade or employment, and to have such indentures or other writings which contain the covenants, articles, contract or agreements, relating to the service of such clerk, apprentice or Servant Jfampt within the times by the several acts of parliament for those purpofts respectively limited; or who have alfoy in like manner, omitted to insert and write in words at length, in such indentures or other writings as aforesaid, the full sum or sums of moneys or any Time allowed part thereof received, or in any wise directly or indirectly giveny for payment*paidy or agreed or contracted for, with or in relation to every such to^have*" derky apprentice or servant as aforesaid; be it enacted, That upon bten jujy payment of the rates and duties upon monies, or such part of paid on ap-such monies so neglected or omitted to be paid as aforesaid* on prentices fees; or before the first day of September one thousand seven hundred J^n^the in and fifty seven, to such person or persons to whom the same dentures to be ought to be paid, and tendering the said indentures, or other ttampt, &c. writings, to be stampt at the same time, or at any time on or before the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, (of which timely notice is to be given in the London Gazette) the same indentures, of other writings,

shall be good and available in law or equity, and may be given in evidence in any court whatsoever \ and the clerks, apprentices or servants therein named shall be capable of following and exercising their respective intended trade or employment, as fully as if the said rates and duties so omitted had been duly paid, and the full sum or Turns received or agreed for as aforesaid, had been inserted; and the persons who have incurred any penalties by the omissions aforesaid, shall be acquitted and dif-, charged of and from the said penalties $ any thing in the said former acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An act more effectually to prevent the spreading of the distemper now raging amongst the horned cattle in this kingdom.

WHEREAS the contagious disemper now rages amongst the horned cattle in this kingdom \ for the preventing the spreading thereof \ be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, His Majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and impowered to temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, make orders and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be J^c^moviB lawful to and for the King's most excellent majesty, his heirs or driring* and successors, by and with the advice of his or their privy homed cattle council, from time to time, to make such rules, orders and re- from one gulations, or to vary or repeal the same, as his Majesty in his c°unty or great wisdom shall judge most expedient and effectual, in Great to an0" Britain, Ireland, and all other his Majesty's dominions there- # unto belonging, or any part or parts thereof, for prohibiting or preventing the driving or removing of any oxen, bulls, cows, calyes, steers or heifers infected or not infedfed with the said distemper, from or out of any such cOXmty, riding, division, '

hundred.

and the faleor life of cattle infected, or of their hides, &c.

and for burial of fuctras shall die of the said mie&ion, &c.

19 G. 2. c. 5. 10 G. a. c. 4.

His Majesty's order in council of 22 March 1747, confirmed and enforced 5

Obedience to such other order as shall be made, enforced under penalty of 101.

Powers given by order of council to juf tices, niagi-stratea and officers, confirmed*

50l. penalty on persons obstructing, &c.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. ao* f1757-

hundred, parish or place to any fair or market, or to any other such county, hundred, parrish or place as shall for that purpose be, specrfied rn such rales, orders or regulations; and for prohibiting the sale, dispofitToo or other use of any such Cattle as shall be infected with the said distemper, or of any hides or skins, or other parts of such infcdted cattle; and also for the burial of arry such hearts as shall dfe of such infectious distemper, or be killed whUft the same is fa rnfedtetf, and every part thereof, within such time and in such manner as shall be specified in such rules, orders and regulations as aforesaid; and also for the cutting and gashing of the hide or fkirvof every such infected heart, before the burial thereof, in such manner as to render the same intirely useless; any law, Statute, custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and affb for such further purposes as his Majesty in his great wiftfonr (half judge most expe-pedient and effectual to put a flop to or prevent the spreading of the said difiemper.

II. And whereas his Majesty hath, in purfuarue of two atis of parliament of the nineteenth and twentieth years of his Majesty's rtign9 by his order in council bearing date the twenty second day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty seven9made and established certain rules, orders and regulations^ for the better preventing the fprending of the said infection9 and putting a flop to the dfiemper9 which rules, orders and regulations have been found beneficial \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said order in council, and all the rules, orders and regulations therein contained and inserted (except such and so much of them, or any of them respectively, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, at any time or times, during the continuance of this present act, shall with the advice of his and their privy council judge proper and expedient to repeal, alter or vary) shall be in force; and the same, and also such other rules, orders and regulations, variations and additions as shall be made by virtue of and in pursuance and under the power and authority of this present act, shall be observed and obeyed by all his Majesty's subjectey during the continuance of this act, under the penalty of ten pounds, inflicted and directed to be levied by this act, for every offence committed against the same.

III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all the powers and authorities given by the said order of council, or which shall be given by any subsequent order of council, by virtue of the authority aforesaid, to justices of the peace and other magistrates, and to of of the land tax, inspectors and other officers appointed in that behalf, shall be duly executed, and are hereby established and enacted, and declared to be as good and valid in the law, to all intents and purposes, daring the continuance of the said order or orders, as if the same were herein repeated and expressly enacted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, all and every person and persons who shall by force or threats intimidate.

1757.] Anno s tricesiraa Georgii II. c. 2cx

date, hinder oc prevent the said justices, magistrates, commifli-the execution oners, inspectors or other officers from executing the said rules, orders, orders and regulations, or from performing their respective duties in relation thereto; or vfrho shall enter into any combina-orenteringra* tien, confederaey or subscriptkm to disobey the said ordCr or or- to a combiiuu ders in council, or to defeat, hinder or prevent the execution to ^if-thereof, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be re- feaC/t^e covered by bill, plaint, suit or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster % by any person or persons who shall inform and sue for the faifie, to go and be paid to and for die fqle use and benefit of such person or persons respect'rve-ly, with full cqfts of ftnt.

V. And9 to the end that all persons may Inow how to demean tkemselves in the prermffet; be it further enacted by the authority Th&^ aforesaid, That this a#, and his Majesty's order in council, his Majesty's dated the twenty second day of March one thousand seven hun- order in cornu dred and forty seven, on such Sunday in every calendar month^of* as the minister shall think proper, shall be publickly read imme-diatcly after prayers, in all parish churches, chapels and other publickly ui places set apart for divine worship; and that when and as often church on as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall make any rules, Sundays*and orders and regulations, or shall vary or repeal the same, by virtue or in pursuance of this act, every such rule, order, regula- hereafter tien, variation and repeal, shall be notified and publirtied irt he made, to such manner as his Majesty shall think proper, and shall be be read mlike publickly read upon the next Sunday after the receipt of the maniicr-fame, and on such Sunday in every calendar month as the minister shall think proper, during the time such rules, orders, regulations and variations shall continue in force in such manner as aforesaid, within such counties, ridings, divisions, hundreds. Printed copy parish's and places as shall be specified in such rules, orders, of all such or-regulations, variations and repeals for that purpose; and every d?r?» t^gct£er such order, rule* regulation, variation and repeal, together with ^tekep^by this a* shall be kept by the minister of every such parish the minister, church, chapel or place, who shall permit any person refidingfor the use of within his parish, chapelry or place to read the same, during the Parish*°' the time such rule, order or regulation shall continue in force; {^provided*0 and the churchwardens or chapelwardens of every parish or at the parish plaGe (Jiall provide a printed copy of this act, for the purpose expence, aforesaid, at the expence of the parish or chapelry.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it His Majesty shall and, may be lawful to and for the King's raoft excellent impowered to Majesty, by one or more proclamation or proclamations, to* be ProhjWt by issued a* any time or times during the continuance of this act, oc^rfo^anyr* under the gteat seal of Great Britain, to prohibit and forbid all the importati-and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate on orexporta-whatsoever, to import or bring, or cause or procure to be im- tJon of horned ported or brought, directly or indirectly, oV export, carry or fend, htdcs^or^Ther or cause to procure to be exported, carried or feat, direcflly or part of uu, U indirectly, into or from or out of Great Britain, Ireland, and oeaib. the dominions thereunto belonging, or any part thereof, any

8o.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 2£>.

0757

ox, bull, cow, calf, fleer or heifer, or any rayv hides or skiQS, or any other part of such heart, for such time or times, under such rules, orders and regulations, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by the advice aforesaid, shall judge most expedient and effectual to prevent or flop the spreading of the said.distemper.

Where jofticet VII. Andy to prevent the distemper amongst the horned cattle be-ln^ fPrga^ Qn^ tncreased by tanners and others buying the hides and or marLetsfor s^lns of tnfe^led beasts, it is hereby further enacted, That whea side of horned the justices of the peace at their general quarter fefDons, or at^cattle, any adjournment thereof within their respective counties, rid-

ings and divisions, shall prohibit the holding of any fair or fairs, market or markets, for buying and selling of such horned cattle, every tanner, tawer or dresser of hides and skins shall, before he brings any raw hide or skin of any bull, ox, cow, calf, fleer Srtan^yard° 01 ^e^er» into ^ls tan-yard, workhouse, warehouse or place used before he gives for. dressing or manufacturing of hides or skins, give notice to notice to the the officer of excise of the district in which such tan-yard or officer of ex- dressing place is situated, and whose survey the said tanner, dttrid* tawer or dresser of hides shall be under, and subject to, for the and rodii ^me being, and produce to the said officer a certificate under ^certificate*8 ^ie ^an(* and seal, or hands and seals, of one or more justice or justices of the peace, or commissioner or of of the land tax, rector or vicar, qualified as herein after mentioned, specifying the colour of such hide or skin, the name and place of abode of the owner of such hide or skin, and that, upon examination on oath of one or more credible person or persons, it appeared to the person or persons figjiing and sealing such certificate, that the bead, from which such hide or skin was taken, was found, and free from infection; which certificate shall, by the said officer, be entered into a book to be kept for that pur-ter in a book. pose: an(j if any tanner, tawer or dresser of hides or skins, shall KESS bring, or suffer to be brought, into his tan-yard or tan-pits, or

no tanner is to bring any raw hide into

concerning the health of she beast.

which the officer is to en-

orders, for feits 101.

other place used for drelling or manufacturing hides or skins, any such raw hide or skin, or shall tan or dress, or manufacture any such raw hide or skin, without giving such notice, and producing such certificate, as aforesaid, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds; to be recovered, levied and applied, as the several forfeitures are by this act directed to be recovered, levied and applied.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and evety or any of the officers of excise acting and employed in any dii-trid wherein any tan-yard, workhouse or warehouse, or place for dressing or manufacturing of hides or skins is situate and being, shall and may at all times by day or by night (and if in the night, deftinely*thenn the presence of a constable or other officer of the peace) brought i«u be permitted, upon his or their request, to enter into any such tan-yard, workhouse, warehouse or place, in order tef search for hides and skins suspected to be brought and conveyed into the same respectively, contrary to and against the tenor and true :* meaning

Officer to have liberty to cpter and search for

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. i6. St

meaning of tMs aft, and then and there to feareh and examine* or cause to be fearehed or examined, any tan-pit, fat or other plater, where ahy such hide or skin Is suspected to be laid, hid, put or concealed; and if any tanner, tawer, of other person or persons whatsoever, Stall obstruct or hinder any such officer or officers in the execution of his or their duty, power or authority, given to, vested in, and required of, him and them respectively by this act, every person so offending, and being thereof Person oh- < lawfully convicted as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence* structing him forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered, appli- forfeited and difyofed of, in manner herein after mentioned.

IX. And whereas it is necejpiry to encourage and promote the breeding of cattle, the number being greatly decreased by the /taid mortality; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by advice of his privy by advice of council, to prohibit and forbid the killing or slaughtering of his privy cow-calves in such counties and places, and in such manner, and at such times, as his Majesty, during the continuance of cafionaliy, the this act, shall judge proper; and all and every person offending killing ' against such order and prohibition, shall forfeit and pay the fam calves.

of ten pounds, to be recovered, levied and applied, as other forfeitures by this act are to be recovered, levied and applied.

X. And, to prevent any doubts which may arise in the conflruftton Offender a-of this act, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That gainst such the removal, driving or sale of every ox, bull, cow, calf, steer

or heifer, contrary to any such rule, order or regulation, shall Cl 810*be deemed a distinct and separate offence, within the intent and What^meaning of this act $ any thing herein contained to the contrary deemed a dif-notwithstanding. tinct and fepa-

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, rate offence*

That all and every the rules, orders, regulations and variations, y

to be made by virtue, and in pursuance, of this act, are hereby required to be punctually observed and obeyed by all his Ma- oi^erVpnsklc^ jesty's subjects; and all and every person and persons who shall under autho-offend against any such rule, order* regulation or variation, andrity of thi« — shall be thereof convicted in Great Britain or Ireland, by his, att> enjoined, her, or their own confession, or by the oath or oaths of one or tjr

more credible witness or witnesses before any justice or justices on conviction of the peace for any county, riding, division, city, liberty or of the offender town corporate, where such offence or offences shall be com- before a juf-mitted (which justice or justices is and are hereby impoweredtlcc

and required to hear and determine the same, and to examine any witness or witnesses upon oath concerning the same) shall forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds; one moiety thereof to one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish go to the iir-where such offence shall be committed; to be levied by theoer> the o-churchwardens, overseers of the poor, constables, high confta- 1

bles of the hundred* rape or wapentake, or 6ne or more of and tobekvi^ them, by warrant or warrants under the hand and-seal, or tin- ed by distrefti der the hands and seals, of the justice or justices of the peaceand who shall convkft such offender, by distress and sale of the goods Voi. XXII. G and

Sa Anno triocsimo Georgii II. c.aoi [1757.

"and chattels of such offender, rendering the overplus (if any be) where no di- to the owner thereof; and for want of such distress, such offen-fende^tobe*be committed by such justice or justices to the com*

committed formqn ga°l or house of correction of such county, riding, divi-3 month*. fion, city, liberty or town corporate* there to remain for the Offenders but space of three months, to be reckoned from the day of such of Great Bri- commitment; and all and every person and persons who Und °to be °^enc* a£ain& any such rule, order or regulation, in any

prfnished ac- °ther of his Majesty's said dominions, shall be deemed, ad-cording to the judged, and taken to be guihy of a great misdemeanor, and be laws and usage prosecuted and punished by fine and imprisonment, According of the coun- to ^e laws and usage of the same dominions respectively. ry#

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

eP^de from ^hat lt may be lawful for any person or persons, who

any justice to ^a^ be convicted before such justice or justices of the peace as the next quar- aforesaid, of any of the offences against this adk, to appeal from ter* sessions, such conviction to the justices of the peace at their next general

noticednd^ or <Iuarter sessions to be holden for the county, riding, division, fccurUy.n city, liberty dr town corporate, in which such offences shall be committed, he, she or they, giving immediate notice to such justice or justices of such intended appeal, and Likewise giving security to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, to pay all and every the penalties and forfeitures, to which he, (he of they, shall be liable by such conviction; and the costs, charges and expences, of trying such appeal, in case such conviction shall be affirmed; and the said justices in their next general or quarter sessions, are hereby authorized and required to hear, tty, and finally determine the same, upon the merits of the cause, and examination of witness on oath, and to order costs to be paid as shall be just, if they shall think it reasonable so to do.

The justices

XIII. Provided nevertheless, That if it shall appear to the may adjourn say justices, that there was not sufficient time between such the appekUo convi£b°n and such quarter-sessions, to give notice to all par-the next quar* ties to attend such appeal, that then it shall and may be lawful ter-sessions, for such justices to adjourn the hearing thereof to their next not subsequent general or quarter sessions, at which they are hereby mined*the required to hear, try, and finally determine the same; and in fotmer judg- case there shall be no determination on the said appeal at such mentto (land next or subsequent general or quarter sessions, the judgment and good i con. convitftion or the justice or justices shall stand and be m full removable by ^orce 5 an<* no ^ertlorari shall be allowed to remove the

certiorari.*ttmvifiion or order of sessions, or any other proceedings thereupon, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westmnfigr, .*' or of his Majesty's courts ot great session in the principality of

Wales*or the counties palatine, justices may

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, liimmon and That it shall and may be lawful for any justice or justices of the eHaraine wit- peace, if he or they shall be informed, that any person or per-tcHKhing any ^olu can §ive any cv^cncc relating to any of the offences afore-ofthete often- laid* to summon such person or persons to appear before him cea, or them, and to examine such person or persons on oath in re-

2 lotion

*3

and commit such as refuse to give evidence 5 and in case of an appeal compel them to enter into a recognizance to appear, &c.

Form of conviction to be observed by justices

175743 Anno t&csimo Georgii II. c. 20.

lation thereunto; and in case such person or persons shall refute or neglod to appear pursuant to such Summons, then such justice or justices shall issue out his or their warrant or warrants, for apprehending and bringing such person or persons before him or themj and in case such person or persons shall refuse to bfeexamined upon oath, to commit such persons to the common gabl or hotufe of correction for such county* riding, division, city, liberty or town corporate, there to remain until he* (he or they (bail submit to bg examined as aforesakl; and in case of any appeal to the general or quarter sessions* to compel such person or persons to enter into a recognisance, with condition to appear at the said general or quarter feffiooS, and to give evidence upon trial of such appeal.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the more easy and speedy convicting of any person or perform who shall offend against this act, it shall be sufficient for any justice or justices of the peace, who shall convict any person or persons of any or either of the said offences, to draw such conviction in the following form of words, as the case shall happen* or in any other form of words to the same effect (that is to fey)

Middlesex. A B. is cotruifled on his, her or their own confejjioft JLJL. (or on the oath of) of having in this kingdom (specifying the offence, and the time and place* whm and where the same was committed)

Given under my (or our) band and seal (or hands and seals) this day of

Which said conviction in the same or like form of words, shall the same de-bc good and effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes, c, ar*d to be and shall not be quathed, set aside, or adjudged void or infufR* va ld J dent for want of any other form of words whatsoever; and in and in case of case of appeal as aforesaid, the justice or justices who shall con-jJPPf5}!' ts to vid such offender or offenders, is and are hereby required lo the nexTfcin-0 deliver, or cause to be delivered, the conviction in the form a- Ons, tobefiled, foresaid, to the next general or quarter sessions to which the appeal is made, there to be filed on record.

XVI. Be it further enacted, That the justices of the peace justices to 0I>

within their respective limits of their commissions, at their ge- der salaries nerai or quarter feffioo*, or the major part of them then and and charges to there assembled, within that part of Great Britian called Eng- e

land, shall have full power and authority, and they are here- cattle, &c. out by required to order such reasonable salaries and charges as they of the county shall think proper, to be paid to any inspector or inspectors, or

other person or persons already employed or appointed by the justices of the peace, or hereafter to be employed or appointed by the justices of the peace, or the of of the land.tax, to prevent the spreading of the distesnper amongst the cat-

Ga tie.

84 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 20. [1757.

tie, out Of the monies arisen or hereafter to arise, by virtue of an a# of parliament passed in the twelfth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the more easy assessing, collecting and nGto.1c. 19. levying county rates.

Commission-

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the of ers of the land of the land tax for the time being in and for every county, riding tax are to put ordivision, and who have or shall qualify themselves to act as th/oow^r^ "spetSively, are hereby impowered and required to put in given by this execution all and every the powers and authorities given to com-aa, or by any missioners of the land tax by this act, kt by any order or orders orderofcoun- in council pursuant to the same (except the of of the land tax within the county of Middlesex, and all cities and towns which are counties of themselves) in as full and ample-manner as the justices of the peace may do within the same.

XVIII. And whereas a doubt hath artfen whether of authorized to put in execution the several succeeding land tax a As, since the year one thousand seven hundred and forty six, were properly impowered to carry into execution the rules, orders and regulations made by his Majesty in council, and the powers and authorities given

Commiflum- by the several a fli of parliament, continuing the same in force from. fbeceeding*time to time'* li therefore declared and enacted, That thecom-land tax acts missioners named in the several succeeding land tax acts, since from 1746, the year one thousand seven hundred and forty six, to carry the authorized to said respective land tax acts into execution (having duly qualified rctmoiTtbe*" themselves to ad therein, according to the directions in the said powers veiled acts) are.and were authorized to carry into execution the powers in them by and authorities given by such rules, orders and regulations, to the said or- of of the land tax, as also the powers and authori-

continuin t, es S, ven the several acts of parliament continuing the lame

them? >n force from time to time.

XIX. And to prevent the spreading of the said infeflious dislem-per, by persons who frequently buy up cattle in infested places, and soon after dispose of the same in places free from the insession, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and the orders and regulations made, or which shall hereafter be made by his Majesty in

No horned council; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and cattle is to be after the said first day of June one thousand seven hundred and fold until the fifty seven, no person whatsoever by himself, his servant ora-fame shall have gent, shall fell, or dispose of any living ox, bull, cow, calf, (leer pro ert or heifer, until the same shall have been the property of such 40 days/ y Person for the term of forty days at lead; and in proof of such property, the feller shall produce a certificate under the hand of the person of whom such ox, bull, cow, calf, (leer, or heifer, was lad bought or purchased, signifying the time when he pur-t chafed the same; and every person who shall sell or dispose of any qx, bull, cow, calf, deer or heifer, without producing such certificate, and shall be thereof convicted by his, her or their own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witnef9 or witnesses, before any judice or justices of the peace for tfce county, riding, division, pity, liberty or town corporate, where the offence dull be committed, shall for every o*, bull, cow*

1757.] Anno tritesimo Georgii II. c. 20.' 8$

calf, fleer or heifer, so sold or disposed of, forfeit and pay thetm forfeiture sum of ten pounds; unless such person shall by himself, his a-°* gent or servant, make oath before the said justice or justices (which oath the said justice or justices is and are hereby im« powered to administer) that the said ox, bull, cow, calf, fleer or heifer, has been his property for more than forty days; the Recovery and said forfeiture to be adjudged, levied and recovered, in such application of manner as is herein after directed to be levied and recovered; ^forfeiture, one moiety of the said forfeiture to be given to the informer, and the other moiety'to the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thc fejjcr

That every person who shall, from and after the said first day of giving a talfe June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, fell or disposecerrincate, and of any ox, bull, cow, calf, fleer or heifer, and shall give a false^ct?^?tn^ or untrue certificate of the time of the sale of such cattle, and or-

every person who shall accept of such false or untrue certificate, knowing the same to be such, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be adjudged, levied, recovered and disposed of in the manner herein after directed.

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if a drover any drover, or person or persons driving and conducing horned finds any cat* cattle from one place to another, shall find any beast or beaststle sicken in in his drift sicken upon the road so as to be unable to proceed h, sdrif*» he, i forward in their journey, such drover, or person or personsd^a^no^'eto driving such horned cattle, shall forthwith give notice thereof a parish offi-to the constable, headborough or churchwarden of the parish cer,

or place wherein such bead or beads shall sicken, in order that the same may be (lain and buried, the skin being first (lashed, if deemed to be ill of the d idem per, now raging amongst thf homed cattle, in the opinion of the officer of such parish or place so summoned, and of two other substantial inhabitants of the said parish or place, whom the said officer is hereby impowered, by a note in writing under his hand, to summon to his assistance; and in case any drover or person or persons driving upon penalty-horned cattle, shall fail herein, or shall conceal or drive outofoFioir the way, without giving such notice, any such lick bead or beads, he or they so offending shall forfeit and pay ten pounds to the use of the poor of such parish or place wherein such beast or beads shall be found sick or dead; to be levied on his or their goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and Teal of any jhftice of the peace of the county, riding, division, liberty, city or town corporate, wherein such drover or person or persons driving such horned cattle shall be taken; and in Case of non-0r six months payment, such drover or person or persons shall be committed imprison-to the common gaol of such county, Shire, stewartry, riding, ment* division, liberty, city or town corporate, there to remain without bail ormainprize for the space of six calendar months, or until he or they shall have paid the said penalty.

XXII. And for preventing persons felling any horned cattle before n0 cattle may they have been in their pojfe(Ron forty days$ it is hereby enacted, be sold unlef*

G 3 That*certificate

8 Anno tricesimo GfcoRGii TI. C. zb"; [1757.

be obtained of That no person or persons shall sell or dispose of xWyl'i'Vfc ox* cot ur^kTe kull> Cow> ca*» or heifer, 'uftless he, she or they'lbtffl, fttM of sale/and Gdes her or their compliance with the directions of the fairs owner's name; act, first obtain a certificate under* the hand and seal of fonW and proof justice of the peace, or commissioner of the land tax, specifyityg made oj their tfte colours and number of beasts so intended to be sold; and leV'sproperty parish, township or place from whence the same are brought*

4.0 days before; or intended to be carried, in order for sale; and the nfcmeor an attested names, place or places of abode, of the owner or owners ther£-copy to be^ of ancj that it appears to such justice or commissioner, upon ex-Suw* upon am»nation on the oath of one or more credible witness dtwitheflfcs, penaltyotiol. that the beasts contained in such certificate have been the property and in the possession of such person or persons, for at teaft forty days before the date of the said certificate; and every pef-son felling any ox, bull, cow, calf, steer or heifer, by virtue of such certificate, shall produce the same and give w true copy thereof, attested by two or more credible witnesses, to the pef<-son or persons buying such bead*; and every person felling any ox, bull, cow, calf, steer or heifer, without obtaining such Certificate, and every person buying the same without receiving a true copy thereof, attested as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds for every ox, bull, cow, calf, steer and heifer, bought or sold contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, to be levied, adjudged, recovered, applied and disposed of, as is herein after directed to be levied, adjudged, recovered, applied and disposed of.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* justice may That if one or more justice or justices of the peace, during the summon any continuance of this act, shall suspeeft any person of buying, fel-person rufpec-Hng or driving any ox, bull, cow, calf, steer or heirer, or nf ofan^ta^n§ off the hide from any infected ox, bull, coW, calf, steer reguUtions| or heifer, which shall die of the said distemper, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and the rules, orders and regulations made by his Majesty in council, in pursuance thetie-or, or of not burying any ox, bull, cow, calf, steer or heifefrj contrary to this a <ft and orders, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices to summon such person to appear befctffc him or them, at a reasonable time to be prefixed in such fum1 and the party mons > anc* the proof of complying with the directions of thi*snto purge a(^ an^ orders, shall lie on the party so fommoned; and if such

himself.'person shall neglect or refuse to appear before such justice or justices

(proof being made upon oath of his or her being duly summotb-ed) or shall not make it out to the satisfaction of him or theft! that he or she has fully conformed himself or herself t6 this, rules and orders, such person shall be deemed and taken to be duly convicted of the offence or offences for which he shall be so fommoned, and incur the several penalties and forfeitures ift-5Bi<sted by this act, to be levied, recovered and adjbdged, m moiety of manner as is herein after mentioned; one moiety of the said fot^ rbe penalty to fciture 16 be' paid to the oveffeer of the poor, and be applied to '°f# the Poor the where such perfbft dwell* 5 and* >^/ the

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 10. '*7

the other moiety to the treasurer of the county, riding or 4ivi- to county fion, to be made part of the county flock; or in that part of Great Britain, called Scotland^ to such person and for such pur- bc M

poles, as the justices in their general quarter-sessions shall direct the justices and appoint. direa.

XXIV. And for the more effectual preventing the spreading of the fend infectious aijiemper by persons commonly called Jobbers, who occupying little or no grazing land, buy up cattle in infefted placesy and joon after dispose of the same; be it enacted by the authority^perfOI1 aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of June one may my thousand seven hundred and fifty (even, no person whatsoever cattie, without (butchers and others excepted, buying fat cattle for immediate a certificate of daughter) shall purchase any living ox, bull, cow, calf, fleer abode, 1°and or heifer, without having first obtained a certificate under the number of hand and seal of fotne justice of the peace or commissioner of hearts he in the land tax, acting for the county, riding, division, city, li- tends to buy| berty, town or place where such person resides, specifying his or her name, and place of abode, and the number of beasts he or she intends to purchase, and whether such beasts are intended to be purchased by him or hcrself, or by an agent or servant, and if by an agent or servant, then the name and place of abode of such agent or servant, and that it appears to such justice or commissioner upon examination on the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, that such person really occupies land and that he fufident to graze and keep the number of beasts contained in has land firffi-such certificate, over and above the flock such person is at present to Y*

pofle&d of, for the space of three months; and that it may ap- three ^months, pear no more beasts were bought than were contained in such over and a-certiskate, every such person shall, upon bringing any cattle into hove his pre-any parish or place, bought in pursuance of such certificate, ftntftoek. produce and shew the said certificate to an inspector, church- homertfe"* warden or overseer of the poor, if any there be, of such parish cattle, the or place, and shall at the same time acquaint such in(petflor, certificate i* churchwarden or overseer, with the place where, and the name to be produced of the person of whom such beasts were purchased; and the said inspector, churchwarden or overseer, k hereby required to mark the pariftu on ehe back of the said certificate, the number of beasts so brought into any parish or place, and the place where, and the name of the person of whom such beasts were purchased, and the day when such certificate was so produced; and if any person or persons (butchers or others buying fat cattle for immedi- Buyer got^ate daughter excepted as aforesaid) shall, from and after the said conf orming " first day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; h*r«to>for- buy any ox, bull, cow, calf, fleer or heifer, without previously Clts$ " obtaining stich certificate, or shall buy more than the number contained in the same, or shall not produce the said certificate to an inspector, churchwarden or overseer of the poor, every such person shall, for every beast bought contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; the said penalty to be levied, adjudged, recovered, ap-pbed and disposed of as is herein after directed*

G4 XV. Pro- -i f

82 .1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. iA: [1757.

Certificate not.XX>Y J Crowded always That wo cattle shall be deemed co be the catde be b°u5ktby virtue of such certificate, onless the same are pur-purchased diafedruvithin one month from the date thereof, within a

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority iafoeesaid,

month after That when and as often as any cattle shall be (topped for; want Whe3*cattle a ProPer certificate, thrcoastable nr otheeproper officer of are flop* for* tomwiftiip or parish where the fetid cattle shall bet so (topped,

want of a cer- shall cause such cattle, with all convenient*expeditioir, to be tificate, they driven back to the next constablewick from whefite they>last y? to uC tin came> a°d diall give notice thereof to the constable or*other thTptace from prop* officer of such next constablewick, who shall, and he is whence they hereby required to receive the said cattle, and to cause th* same set out} to be. driven through his constablewick, to the next constable-wick from whence such cattle were driven, theconftabie or other and are to be parish officer whereof shall receive the same as aforesaid, ' a(hd so treated as cat- from constablewick to constablewick, until such cattle shall af- been within r*ve at ^ie town ship or place in the said county, riding, di-

mile of an in- vision or liberty, through which they were (uttered to pase, fedled place, without a proper certificate, they shall be treated in such and the like manner as cattle which have been within one mile of an infecbed place are by this act, or by any of his Majesty's orders of council deemed to be treated. inScotkod XX

VII. And whenas there art in such officers as everfeirtof the eonftabks are poor and churchwardens, in that part of Great Britain called Scot-t*execute the j^d. therefore in order to carry this act in that part of the unit- kingdom into execution, be it enacted by the authority aforo-ehurchw^r- iaicl^ That all matters and things appointed to be done and ex-dei>s i eeuted by the overseers of the poor and churchwardens, in that part of Great Britain called England, shall, \n Scotland, be done nnd executed by the constables, or other officers, to heap point rd by the justices of the peace for that purpose, at their respective quarter-sessions or adjournment thereof.

XXVIII. And in order to make provifson in that part of the unit-ad kingdom called Scotland, for any expence that may attend the execution of this service; be it enacted by the authority afordak), and the com- That it may be lawful for the of of the land tax, missioners of and they are hereby empowered to assess their respe<$tive count-are toaflLf* t*cs>n a not excee^ing fifty pounds for each county, to their counties^levied and collected in the same proportions, and according to defray the to the same rules, with the land tax; and which sum the respectexpence of tive colie£Iors of the land tax for each countyare hereby roqfcte-such service. e(j to couec^ and (flue, by order of the respective justices of the peace, or the major part of them, assembled at the quarteri-sessions or adjournment thereof.'. <\ni

Method of re-

XXIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That wheresoever cowry of pe- any person shall, for any oflfenefe. toi be hereafter committed^laltiesf ar>y law now m relating to the preventing the spread-

ing of the distemper which now rages amongst the homed cattle in this kingdom, be liable or subject to pay any pecuniary pe* nalty or sum of money upon conviction, before'any jnfttoe or/j. justices of the pwe* it shall and may he JaWfolAttady other

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. a6,

person whatsoemv either to proceed to recover the said penalty, byinfonnartioa and cQiwi&ion* before any justice or justices of the peace, in such manner as is directed by this a&v or to sue,

forctfec same by action of debt or on the case, bill, plaint of in-.> formation* is* any of his Majesty's courts of record, wherein pi^ntl/T rcC0' no fiflfam, protection or wager of law, or more than one impar- vering inritlrd lanoeshallbr allowed, and wherein the plaintiff, if he recovers, to double (half likewise have Ins double costs. costs*

XXX. Provided, That all suits and actons to be brought Limitation of by ivtrtue of this' aft* shall be brought before the end of the next actions. term after die offence committed; and that no offender against any of the lews now in being for the preventing the spreading of the distemper which now rages amongst the horned cattle,

shall be profeented twice for the same offence.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the of of the land tax, and rectors or vi- tax, \nd % ec-cars, who are rated to the land tax for one hundred pounds per tors, and vi-annum, shall, in their respective parishes, and they are hereby cars, rated for impowered to grant certificates of health for cattle, in as full I0ol- per ana. a ad ample manner, as any justice or justices of the peace are ^tificates of impowerod in any manner whatsoever to do, for which said ccr- health for tificates no fee or reward whatsoever shall be taken. cattle.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons grant-That from and after the first day of June one thousand seven ing cortifi-hundred and fifty seven, all persons whatsoever taking upon them to grant certificates in pursuance of this act, or his Ma- £ t^eir jffty's orders relating thereto, shall set forth in every such certificate by virtue of what office he grants such certificate, whether. as justice of the peace for any county, city or borough, commissioner of the land tax, or otherwise; and in case any person shall ne^left so to do, such person shall, for every fuen on penalty of offence respectively, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds of101# lawful money of Great Britain, for every such neglect, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, with full costs of suit, wherein no essoin, privilege, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed,

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices of the peace within their respective divi- their petty > sien9, at thek petty sessions, or the major part of them then fcffiona tof» md iherccassembled, within that part of Great Britain called powtbifpcv^ £ttgknJ9shall have full power and authority to appoint any pen-tow# 1 son or peefonst to be inspector or inspectors of any houses, builds ings, grounds, fields and cattle within their said divisions, to be assistant to the constables, chuchwardens and overseers of the poor*t in such manner as the justices of thepeact at their general quarter sessions are by his Majesty's said order in council*

dated thcsecond of March one thousand seven hundred and forty seven* impowered to-do.

if/ XXjXI V.; Provided, That no feller or buyer of any such Cert, ficate« Cfttte Aalk be.obliged co take out either of the said certificates, fary"where tb».Where buyer a»4

90

feller live within five miles of each other 5

provided the other regulations are complied with.

The prohibition of the

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c.act \1757.

where both the feller and buyer live in the same parish, or in the next adjacent parish or place, or within five miles distance of each other.

XXXV. Provided, That the feller of such cattle has been in the possession of the cattle to to be sold forty daysatthe lead before such fele, and fb as the buyer keeps the said cattle three months at the lead, from the time he purchases the same, and io as the distemper that now rages amongst the horned cattle in this kingdom, be not within the space of tea miles of the feller's abode, and that the feller and buyer live in the same county; any thing in this 2& to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And whereas the mogifirates ef Jime corporations Jiem-ated within counties at large, have in same places presumed to hold fairs and markets for the sale of horned cattle, when the ju/Hces of the peace for the county at large have prohibited foirs and markets to be helden in the said county, which in a great men fare frustrates tpe said prohibition, and occasions matey disputes; be it therefore farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and afier the said first day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand feren

county at large, to hold fairs or markets for sale of horned cattle, is to extend to all corporations within, orcon-tiguous to, such county; and magi

j^IC« for the hundred and fifty seven, where the justices of the peace for any county at large have already, or shall hereafter think proper, to prohibit fairs and markets to be helden for the sale of horned cattle within such county, such prohibition shall be deemed and taken to extend to all corporations within such county, or surrounded by or lying contiguous to such county, any charter, privilege or exemption to the contrary notwithstanding; and in case any such magistrate shall proclaim or give notice, or cauie to be proclaimed or notice to be given, of any fair or market for horned beads, or shall wilfully and knowingly permit any fintes'offend- horned hearts to be brought into or (old at any fair or market ing*gainst within his jurisdiction, during such prohibition as aforesaid, fuchprohibi- such magistrate shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred' non, forfeit pounds of lawful money of Great Britain^ to any person who 100*shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster y wherein no eilbin, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed,

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, no justice of the peace, or other magistrate of any corporation, or commissioner of the land tax for such corporation, or rector. or vicar within any corporation, shall certify for any horned

wftbi^the ju- beast but such as have been kept within his jurisdiction for the time required by law, nor for the hide of any heart but such as

have been (laughtered within his jurisdiction; any thing in any former act to the contrary notwithstanding: and in case any such magistrate shall take upon him to grant certificates, otherwise than as aforesaid, such magistrate shall forfeit and pay the sum other wise, for of twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, for every fexts 201. certificate so granted, to any person or persons that rtiall (bn for the same, ro be recovered by adhon of debt, bill, plaint or information^in any of -his court* gf -record at

minster

Wo beast or bide is to be certified for, which has not been the

j-ifdiction of the person certifying. Magistrate granting a certificate

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. C.ai. 91

minster, with full cods of salt, wherein no essoin, privilege, protwflkm, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVIII. Be it further enacted by this act, That it shall Uponinfor-

and may be lawful for any four or more of the justices of the matiem that peace, of any eottnty within this realm, at their general quar- [sh? distem|»r ter-feflkms, or any adjournment thereof, upon informationbouringc?un-given to them that the said distemper is in 'any neighbouring ty, the justices county, to prohibit for a certain time, or until the distemper may prohibit ftiaJ! cease in such county, any ox, bull, cow, calf, steer or r*J?oval

heifer, from being driven or removed, or any hides, skins; or fr*£r

flesh carried from such county, or from any hundred, lathe, thence, wapentake, rape, ward, or other divUion of such county so

infected, into the county so making such order; and in case any perfoA shall act contrary to such order, such person4 shall incur the penalties and forfeitures enacted, against persons driving cattle without certificates.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Persons sued said. That if action or suit shall be commenced against any per- on this act, son or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, may Ple?dthe the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the Scncral 1 uc*

Eeral issue, and give this act and the special matter in evi-ce, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by authority of this act, or of some rule, »order or regulation made or to be made in pursuance of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonfinted, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgment shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have Treble cost*. the like remedy for the same, as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Continuance That this act shall continue and be in force until the twenty °fthe act* ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. XXI.

jfraff for the more effectual preservation and improvement of the /pawn and fry of fish in the river of Thames, and waters of Medway, and for the better regulating the fish* try thereof \

WHEREAS by an act if parliament made and passed in the

ninth year of the reign of her late majesty §>ueen Anne, in-9 Anna:, c. 2*4 dtuledy An act for the better preservation and improvement of the fHhery within the river of Thames; and for regulating and governing the company of fishermen of the said river; It torn netted, That from and after the tenth day #/Joac one theufoud

/even

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. aY, [1757.

Jtviti hundred and eleven, it should and might be lawful to and for the court of affiants of the said company, for the time beings or the major part 0} them present, to make such by-laws and ordinances for the good rule and government of the said company, as they /bottld think fit, so as the fameshould be always first approved of or from time to time altered and amended by the court of the mayor and aldermen of the city of London, and likewise allowed and confirmed according to the form of the fiatuie in that behalf made and provided; and that from and after the find tenth day of June there Should be yearly defied and chosen by the next court of mayor and aldermen to be held after the tenth day of June, out of the fix wardens of the said company for the time being, to be nominated by the said court of affiants, one fit person to be a master of the art or my fiery offifhermen; and also out of twelve affiants to be nominated as aforesaid, fix fit persons to be wardens of the said art or myfiery (whereof the water bailiff of the city of London for the time beings to be one) and in like manner, cut of sixty of the commonalty, to be nominated as aforesaid, thirty fit persons to be affiants of the said company \ which said master, wardens and affiants, or any fexteen of them, together with three of the said wardens, Should be, and were thereby constituted the court of affiants of the said company, for the time being; and were required to meet and assemble together, from time to time, on the first Tuesday in every calendar month in the year, in the bell of the said company, in order to form the said court of affiants, and keep the same for regulating and reforming abuses committed in the said fishery; and for the thee ordering and governance of the said company: and where as in pursuance of the said act of parliament, certain by-laws and ordinances were made for regulating the said fishery, and reforming abuses committed therein, but the said company having ceafei to afi from about the year one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven, and most of the members thereof being dead, the regulations in the said fishery intended by the said afi have not taken place, and the fiveral laws now in force for the preservation of the said fishery, have hitherto proved ineffectual, and by the unwarrantable practices used by fishermen and others, the brood and fry of fish in the said river and ivaters a/* Med way have been greatly hurt and destroyed: for remedy whereof and for the better preserving the [pawn, fry and young brood of fish in the said river of Thames, and also in the waters of Med* way, so far as the same are within the jurisdiction of the mayor of the city of London, as ednfervator of the river of Thames, and waters of Medway, and for preventing the fishing therein with-unlawful and unfizeable nets, engines or other devices; and for the ascertaining the times, fedfons, and manner of fishing in the said river and waters, and the size and kind of nets and engines to be used in fishing in the said river and waters; and for regulating the said fishery, and reforming abuses therein; and for the more jfeedy and effectual apprehending and punishing the offenders; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fipiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled^and by the authoitoy of tho same, TJtft court of thp mayor and of - Aid fcity of

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. ai.99

London for the time being, shall have full power and authority. The court of and they are hereby required on or before the twenty ninth day of ^men of^" September in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred L^rXn^ifn-and fifty seven, to mak?, frame and set down in writing, such powered to reasonable rules, orders or ordinances, for the governing and re- make rules gulating all persons who shall fish or drudge in the said river ofcgu, ating

Thames, and also in the said waters of Medway (within the said drudgrr

jurisdiction of the said mayor, as conservator as aforesaid) as men in the common fishermen or drudgermen, or otherwise; and for de-Thames and claration in what manner they shall demean themselves in fish- Midway*ing, and with what manner of nets and engines, and at what times and fealbns they shall use (idling in the said river and waters of Medway, within the jurisdiction aforesaid, and for ascertaining the assize of the several fish to be there taken; and for the preservation from time to time of the spawn and fry of fish in the said river and waters, within the jurisdiction aforesaid; and for obliging every common fisherman of drudgerman, or other such person who shall fish with a boat, vessel or craft, from and after the said twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty (even, in the said river of Tfjames, and in the said waters of Medway, within the jurisdiction aforesaid, to have t in his bo3t, vessel or craft, both his christian and surname, and allb the name of the-parish or place in which he dwelleth, painted in legible and large characters, in some convenient place where any one may fee and read the same; and for preventing such name or mark of distio&ion from being changed, altered or defaced and to annex reasonable penalties and forfeitures for the breach of such rules, orders or ordinances, not exceeding the (tun of five pouods for any one offence; and such rules, orders and ordinances, or any of them, from time to time, to alter and amend, and such new and other rules, orders and ordinances, touching the matters aforesaid, with such reasonable penalties and forfeitures (not exceeding five pounds for any one offence) from time to time to make, as to the said court in their discretion shall feetn meet, for the better putting this act in execution; so as after the making thereof the same be allowed -the^and approved of, from time to time, by the lord chancellor of be approved Great Britain, the lord keeper or lords of of the of by two of great seal, for the time being, the lord chief justice of the courtthe )U<1SC»' of King's Betich, the lord chief justice of the court of Common Pleas, the lord chief baron of the court of Exchequer, or any two of them, who are hereby required, on request from time to time to them, or any two or more of them, made by or on the behalf of the said court of mayor and aldermen, to peruse and examine all such rules, orders or ordinances, as shall, from time to time, be made by the said court of mayor and aldermen, in poyfeiance of this act, and laid before the said Jord.high chan-ccJlor, lord keeper, or lords of of the great seal*for the iUot being, the said lord chief justice of the court of King's Bench the said lord.chief justice of the court of Common J?Uas, the; £tidJor4 chief b*rpn, or any two of them, for their

allow*

94

The penalties Annexed to the said rules, confirmed.

The rules to be printed and published.

Court to summon occasionally, ii fishermen, and examine them touching the fishery of the Thames and Medway j

Fifoernten refuting to attend or to be examined forfeit 40s.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. Cslil [1757.

allowance and approbation* and they, or ally two of them* are to allow thereof, or alter the same, before they allow thereof* as they or Any two of them, shall from time to time think fit; and for the doing thereof, no fee or reward shall be paid or taken*

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons whatsoever shall, within the said jurisdiction of the said mayor, from and after the first day of No-vtmber one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, wilfully take, destroy, spoil, kill or expose to sale, or'exchange for any goods, matter or thing, whatsoever, any (pawn, fry or brood of fish, or spatt of oysters, or any unfizeable or tmwholfome fish, or fish out of season, or bring such fish on (bore for sale^ or use or keep any net, engine or other device whatsoever, which shall be prohibited or declared unlawful in and by such rules, orders, and ordinances of the said court of mayor and aldermen of the said city allowed and approved of as aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting and paying, for every offence, such sum and sums of money as in and by such rules, orders or ordinances, shall be respectively appointed, and to be recovered in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such rules, orders an^ ordinances, so to be from time to time made by the said court of the mayor and aldermen* shall, within thirty days after the same shall be allowed and approved of as aforesaid, be printed and made publick in such manner as the said court shall think proper, and from time to time order.

IV. And to the intent the said court of the mayor and aldermen of the said city may be the better informed what rules, orders and oris* nances may be proper to be made from time to time, for the better regulation and preservation of the Jfdid fishery; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said court shall at some time or times between the twenty fifth day of June and twenty ninth day of September next, and so yearly for ever thereafter, (if occasion shall so require) between the twenty fifth day of June and twenty ninth day of September in ever)' year, order to be summoned before them such and so many persons who shall fish in the said river of Thames, or waters of Medway, within the jurisdiction aforesaid, as common fishermen or drudgermen

(not exceeding twelve in number) as to the said court shall eem meet to be examined upon oath (if the said court shall so think fit) touching the fish and fishery of the said river and waters 5 and if any Rich common fisherman or drudgerman being personally summoned by writing to attend the said court of mayor and aldermen for the purposes aforesaid, by the space of fourteen days at the lead, shall neglect or refuse so to do, or in case of attendance shall refuse to be examined upon oath as aforesaid, not having or making appear before the said court some just or lawful excuse for such neglect or refuTal; then, and in every such case, he or they so offending (hatt, on due proof made by oath in such court of the due ftrviet of the Ammons

1757.] Anno tricesimo Gbo&6ii'II. c. 21. 95

in manner aforesaid, forfeit and lose the fan* of forty (hSIitigs, to be levied.by distrefe andfale of his or their goods and chat- to be levied by tels9 by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor, or distress and the recorder of the said city* or any one alderman of the said ^c>.city* directed to any assistant of the said water bailiff, or any coxtstable, headborough or peace officer, impoveering him, them or any of them, to make the said distress for the said forty shillings, and cause the same to be appratfed and fold after the expiration of five days from the making fitch distress, rendering the overplus, if any, to the said offender; which said penal ancj y to firm shall, as (bon as received, be paid to the treafoter of Green- Greenwich with hospital for the benefit of the same hospital. hospital.

V. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, Water bailiff; That for the better preservation of the said fishery of the said his a/fistants, river of Thames, and waters of Medxaay, within the jurisiiidkm ^or^edby11 aforesaid, and for preventing, as much as may be, any abuses mayoi/ from being committed therein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the deputy of the said mayor for the time being, as conservator as aforesaid, commonly calkd The water bailiff, and his assistant and assistants, such assistant and afliftantshaving been "named and appointed to be his assistant and assistants, by warrant under the hand and seal of the mayor of the said city for the rime bang, and likewise for all and every other person or persons who shall for that purpose be specially authorized by any warrant or warrants, under the hand and seal of the said mayor, from time to time, and atall rimes, to enter into any boat, vef- may enter into fel or craft of any fisherman or drudgerman, or other person or ^eismcn* persons (idling or taking fish, or endeavouring to take fish, up- fej^all pro-on the said river of Thames, or upon the said waters of Medway, hibited fish, within the jurisdictrion aforesaid, and there search for, take and nets, &c. ou seize all spawn, fry, brood of fish, fp3tt of ovfters, and unfizea- board.

He, unwholesome or unseasonable fish, and also all unlawful nets, engines and instruments, for taking or destroying fifty, as ftiaH then be in any such boat or boats, vessel or craft, in or upon the said river or waters, and to take and seize on the (bore such 9 % or (bores adjoining to the said river, or waters of Medway, shall be found within the jurisoidion aforesaid, all such spawn, fry, brood of fish, on the (bore* fjpatt of oysters, unsizeable, imwholesome, or unseasonable fish, as shall be there found; and such deputy and assistants, or other persons, who shall be so authorized as aforesaid, shall from time to time, with all convenient speed, after the seizing or taking of any such unlawful nets, engines or instruments, or any spawn, fry, brood of fish, or spatt rf oysters, or unsizeable, unwhole- them before same or unseasonable fish, bring or cause the same to be brought, a proper before the mayor of the said city for the time being, or the re- majpftiatej corder of the said city, or one of the aldermen of the said city, if seised within the limits of the said city of London, and liberties thereof, either upon the said river or on shore, or before the mayor of the said city for the time being, or the recorder of the said city, or ode of the aldermen of the said city, or one of his MajestyjofUct* of the peace of the county in which such seizure

S6

and the same being found, to be contrary to the rules.

are to be burnt.

Penalty of iol. forobstructing an officer in his duty, or retelling ad offender.

Magistrates to determine complaints touching offences against the rules, in a luminary way*

Anno tricesimo GEOKdli H. c. £i. £*7 St.

TXBtt dull be made, if made upon the said river or waters, out of the limits of the said city, or the liberties thereof, but within the jurisdiction of the said mayor as conservator as aforesaid, or before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the county in which the same shall be seised on (hone, who shall respectively canie such nets, engines or instruments, or spawn, fry, brood of fish, spatt of oysters, unfizable, unwholesome or unseasonable fiftt, so seised, to be examined $ and if the same shall, upon view and examination thereof, or on proof on oath before him or them made (which oath he and they is and are hereby impow-ed to administer) appear to be unsizeable, unwholesome or unseasonable fish, or unlawful nets, engines or instruments for taking unfizeable fish, or destroying of fish or spawn of fish, contrary to such rules, orders or ordinances, as shall be made by the said court of the said mayor and aldermen, and allowed and approved of as aforesaid, and the intent and meaning of this act, and that the same were so seised as aforesaid, the said mayor, recorder, or any alderman of the said city, or justice respectively, within their respective jurisdictions, shall cause to be forthwith burnt or destroyed, as well all such unlawful nets, engines or instruments, as also all such spawn, fry or unsizeable, unwhole- some or unseasonable fish, as shall be seised as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall obstruct or hinder the said water bailiff, his assistants, or any of the said officers, or any constable, headborough or other peace officer, in the execution of any of the powers vested in them by this^ad, or of any warrant or warrants to be issued by the said mayor, recorder, or any alderman of the said city, or justice respectively, in pursuance of this act; or if any person or persons whatsoever shall rescue any person or persons who shall be apprehended or taken by virtue or in pursuance of any of the powers given by this act, the person or persons so offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten pounds, on conviction thereof by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before the said mayor, recorder, or one of the aldermen of the said city, within the said city and liberties, or the jurisdiction aforesaid, or before a justice of the county where the said offence shall be committed, or where the offender shall be apprehended.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the mayor, recorder, or any one alderman of the said city, within the said city and jurisdiction aforesaid, and his Majesty's justices of the peace of the respective counties within the jurisdiction aforesaid, or any one of them, shall have full power to hear and determine in a summary way, complaints touching any unlawful or undue fishing, or taking or destroying fish, or any other offences to be committed contraryo any of the rules, orders or ordinances, at any time hereafter to be made by the said court of the mayor and aldermen in pursuance of this, ad, and which shall be allowed and approved of as aforesaid; and the said mayor, recorder, aldermen and justices, and each of

1757*, Anpo tfiecfifto Ge^hoii II. c. at.

tlicm respectively, within their respsCtive juristUAioos, are«}-is hereby authorized and required upon view, or upon command upon plaint madeoqoath to themrespeCfcively, of any such offeoce yiew or committed within their respeCUve jurisdiCUoos, contrary to such any*

rules, orders prfordinances, within ten days after, the commis- offence, toif-sign of any such offence, to issue his or their warrant or war- sue their warrants under his hand and seal, or their hands and feak, directed, to ran*8°.r aP* the water bailiff of the said cityyor such hisaflillant or affiftaats as aforesaid, or to such constables, headboroughs or other peace of- 9

ficers, as the said mayor, recorder, aldermen or justices, or any one of them shall, from time to time think fir, thereby requiring him or them to apprehend such offender or offenders, and to, bring hun^ her or them, before the said mayor, recorder, aldermen or justices, or any one of them, within their respeCfcive jurisdictions, to answer the matters of complaint to becontained in such warrant or warrants; and which warrant or warrants the person and persons to whom the same shall bedirected, and their assistants, are hereby authorized, empowered and required, to execute on the said river of Thames* or on the waters of Medway, or on any part thereof, within the jurisdiction aforesaid,

or on any (bore adjoining to the said river, or waters of Medway* and for that purpose, they, and every of them, are hereby authorized, impowered and required, at all times, to go on board any boat, vessel or craft, in the said river or waters; or in the day time, with a peace officer, to enter any house wherein any such offender or offenders shall be, for the apprehending him, her or them; and when apprehended, to carry him, her or them, as soon as conveniently may be, before the said mayor, recorder, or one of the aldermen of the said city, if apprehended in the said city of London, or the liberties thereof; and if apprehended out of the said city of London, or the liberties thereof, then before one of the justices of the county where the said offender or offenders shall be taken; and the said mayor, recorder, alder- and to sum-men and justices, within their respective jurisdictions, or any m<^n one of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to sum- themonoath. mon witnesses, on either side, before them, and to examine them on oath (which oath the said mayor, recorder, aldermen and justices respectively, or any one of them, is and are hereby authorized, impowered and required, to administer) touching the premisses, and thereupon to hear and determine the same; and in case any offender or offenders shall thereupon, by the Upon convic-said mayor, recorder or aldermen, or the said justices, or one of tien, offender them, be convicted, and adjudged guilty of any such offence, ndSdU then such offender or offenders shall thereby incur, and forfeit such penalty as shall be by such rules and ordinances set and imposed for the same; and that such warrantor warrants, or other act or aCVs of the said mayor, recorder, aldermen or justices, and the act and acts of the water bailiff, and his affiftarvts, and of all constables, headboroughs and other persons, in obedience.to fitch warrant or warrants, shall be as valid, good and effectual in law, to all intents whatsoever, as if the same were exc-

Voj* XXII. _H cuted

9 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 2l..[ijst*

doted within the proper limits of their own city, county or ju-

riHidioa.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* MRtnefsre- That if any witness or witnesses who shall be summoned in pear^o^to P^rfaance of this act to appear before the said mayor, recorder* jpve evidence, aldermen, or justices of the peace, or any One of them, within*their respective jurisdictions aforesaid, (Kail neglect or refuse to appear according to the direction of the summons, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on oath touching the premises, and without just no just excuse shall be offered for such neglect or refusal, every not^e* ^eedi* Person °ffending, on proof on oath being made of such sum-"l^iwr^ef*1115 mcms having been served on him, her or them, shall for every than 00$. such offence, forfeit and lose such sum of money, not exceeding five pounds, nor less than twenty shillings, as the said mayor, recorder, aldermen or justices, or any one of them, within their tefpeCIive jurisdictions, shall by warrant under his hand or their hands order or direct.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Officer neg- That if any assistant or assistants of the water bailiff of the said ^m^orfeit« or officer, shall wittingly or willingly neglect or

any sum no/ nefufe to serve or execute any warrant or warrants to him or exceeding 5l. them directed in pursuance of this act, or shall otherwise wilfully or wittingly omit the performance of his or their duty in the execution of this act, and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before the said mayor, recorder, or any such alderman, or justice as aforesaid, within their respective jurisdictions, every such assistant or peace officer so offending shall forfeit and lose any sum of money not exceeding five pounds, as the said mayor, recorder, alderman, or justice, or any one of them, within their respective jurisdictions shall think reasonable and dir&t.

Penalty 5l. on X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, water bailiff, That if the said Water bailiff, or any of his assistants, (haR at any orassistant, time hereafter receive any sum of money, gratuity or reward jwatiifty^to whatsoever, from any person or persons to prevent, delay or uxeen, Scc. an hinder any prosecution j or compound for, or wilfully conceal offender. any offence to be committed contrary to this act, and shall be thereof convicted by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before the said mayor, recorder or aldermen, of the said city, or any one of them (and which oath the said mayor, recorder and aldermen or any one of them, is and are hereby authorized to administer) such water bailiff and his assistants respectively, for every such offence shall forfeit and lose the (ieim of five pounds.

XI. And for the better and more easy recovery of the fevered penalties and forfeitures to be incurred ay disobedience to this act, and the powers therein contained, and dispofirtg of the said forfeitures, where no particular provision is already made herein; be it further*cove ° and cna<^: e^ by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be application of lawful to and for the mayor of the said city of London for the tec forfeiture*.time being, recorder and aldermen of the said city* or any oitC

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. an. 9$

of them, within the said dty, or liberties thereof, or within the jurisdiction aforesaid, and to and for any other of his Majesty's justices of the peace, or any One of them, within their respective counties, on the conviction of any person or persons for any offence or offences committed contrary to the true meaning of this act, the forfeiture not being p&id, to issue a warrant or warrants under his hand and seal, or their hands and seals respectively, directed to the assistant or assistants of the said water bailiff,

*br any peace officer, within their respective jurisdictions, Empowering him or them to make distrest of the goods and chattels the said offender or offenders, for the sum to be levied by any such warrants; and to cause such goods and chattels, after five days from the distress taken, to be appraised and fold, rendering. the overplus, if any, after deducing the forfeiture and thexoffe and charges of the distress and saie, to the owners; whidi charges shall be ascertained by the magistrate before whom such offender or offenders shall have been so convicted; and for pof^of want of such distress and non-payment, then it shall be lawful distrefi, offor the said mayor, recorder, aldermen and justices, of any one fender to be of them, ' within their rfcspective jurisdictions, by warrant under committed for his hand and seal, to commit such offender or offenders to the 3 months, common gaol or house of correction of the tity or county, where such offender or offenders shall be convicted, there to remain for the space of three months from the time of such commitment, unless payment shall be made of the said penalty, costs

and charges, before the expiration of the said three months; and one moiety of all such penalties and forfeitures, when reco- One moiety of vered, shall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety there- the penalty to of shall be paid to the treasurer of Greenwich hospital aforesaid, §° to the m-For the use of the said hospital; but in case any such offender or othelrto1 ° offenders shall think him or themselves aggrieved by such con-. Greenwich viCHon, and shall within the said five days enter into a recogni- hospital. zancte toith two good and sufficient sureties, in the penal sum of the bffendi twenty pounds* before such magistrate or magistrates, before whom he, she or they, shall be so convicted, (which said rc- Ticlion, shall cognizance shall be returned, within the space of fourteen days, enter into a to the said court of the mayor and aldermen) conditioned for recognizance* his persona! appearance at some court of the said mayor and al- ^ltab|decthee* dermen of the said city, to be holden within six weeks after the or(jcr Qfthe acknowledging such recognizance, or at the next court of con- court,

Fervacy to be held for the county in which such offence shall be committed, and to stand to and abide such order as shall be made in the premisses by such court, then the goods so distrained shall be returned to the party or parties from whom the same the distress is were taken.; and the/aid court of mayor and aldermen, or court* return* of conservacy, is hereby impowered and directed upon a peti- and the court tien of appeal prefaced to them, by the party or parties so con- to hear and yi&ed, complaining of such conviction, to appoint a time for determine the hearing and determining the matter of such appeal, and there- ^uch Upon to cause notice to be given to the parties, and to summost witnessea to attend at the time so appointed % and then to examine

H 2 such

ioo Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 2l.

[1757.

such witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the matter of such Appeal or complaint, and make such order these-mnd to miti- in, as to such court shall seem meet; and the said courts regate the pc- spedhvely shall, and they are hereby impowered to order all of vacate the Pena^es kid on or incurred by any of the parties

convidHon, or complaining, to be mitigated, or to vacate or set aside such con-confirm the viction or convictions, or otherwise to ratify and confirm the same with same, and at their discretion to award such reasonable cods to be and on for- Pa*d ky the aPPelknt, as to them shall seem meet; and the said feiture of ii- court of mayor and aldermen, or court of conservacy, may, on cognizance, to forfeiture or any such recognizance, estreat the same into his estreatthe Majesty's court of exchequer, there to be proceeded upon and exchwuer executc(*n t*lc ^ame manner, as eftrcats returned to the said q*court of exchequer, from any court of conservacy held by the said mayor of the said city.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the mayor, recorder, or any alderman or justice before whom any person shall be convicted in manner prescribed by this act, shall cause such respective conviction to be drawn up in the form, or to the effedi following; that is to say.

Form of conviction.

To wit.

BE it remembered, That on this day of in the year of his Majesty's reign, A.B. is convicted before me> one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the city or county of (as the case shall happen to be) for (here set forth the offence) and 1 do adjudge him to pay and forfeit for the same the sum of

Given under my hand and seal> the day and year aforesaid.

to be written And the said mayor, recorder, alderman or justice before whom on parch- such conviction shall be had, shall cause the same so drawn up transmitted ton aforesaid, to be fairly written upon parchment, and the^ourt to> transmitted to the court of mayor and aldermen, or court of pe filed} conservacy, to be filed and kept amongst the records of the said

court, to which the same shall be transmitted; and in case any person or persons so convicted shall appeal from the judgment of the said mayor, recorder, or any alderman or justice as aforesaid, to the said court of mayor and aldermen, or court of conservacy, the said court of mayor and aldermen, or court of conservacy, is hereby required upon receiving the said con-vidiion, drawn up in the form aforesaid, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the said appeal, acr cording to the directions of this act j anylaw or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Conviction, or

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

other pro* That no writ of certiorari, or other writ or process for removal

codings of -of any such conviction, or any proceedings thereon, into any

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 21. ior

101

son, against whom a warrant shall be issued by the said mayor, escape out of fecorder, or any alderman, or justice of the peace, either before theiurisdiction or after conviction as aforesaid, for any offence against this act, 0 /a"nctj^j shall escape, gointo, reside, or be in any other county, riding, divisi- Arrant a-on, city, liberty, town or place out of the jurisdiction of such person gainst him, granting such warrant or warrants as aforesaid; or if the goods or if hit good* and chattels of any offender convicted if any offence in pursuance of this act, shall be in a different county, riding, division, city, liberty, town or place, than where the said party was convicted, or the warrant of distress granted; it shall and may be any justice of lawful for the said mayor, recorder, or any alderman as aforesaid, #the peace, &c. or any justice of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, lndorr* liberty, town or place into which such person shall escape either warran*before or after conviction, or where his goods and chattels shall be, after such conviction; and they and every of them are hereby required, upon proof made upon oath of the hand writing of the said mayor, recorder, alderman or justice granting such warrant or warrants, to indorse his or their name or names on such warrant; and the same, when so indorsed, shall be a sufficient and peace offi-authority to all peace officers to execute such warrant in such cerexecutetht other county, riding, division, city, town or place out of theju- fame» rffdiction of the person granting the said warrant; and the said mayor, recorder, aldermen and justices respectively, or any one and the offen-of them, as the case shall happen, after indorsing the said warrant, dV£r.may, on the offender or offenders being apprehended and brought UC

before the said mayor, recorder, aldermen or justices, or any one or remanded of them, within their respective jurisdictions, proceed to hear and back tobetri- determine the complaint, in the same manner as if it had origi- j!d ty Penalty arose within their respective jurisdictions, or may direct thej^e warrant? offender to be carried to the person who granted the said warrant, to be dealt with according to law.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, Rightsandpri That nothing in this act contained shall extend or enure to prejudice or derogate from the rights, privileges, franchises or au- don, and of thority of the city of London, or any rights, privileges or authority the mayor and exercised by the mayor of the said city for the time being, as con- corporation, fervator as aforesaid; or to prohibit, defeat, alter or diminish rc^I^ed*'any power, authority or jurisdiction, which at the time of making this act, the mayor commonalty and citizens of London, or the mayor of the city of London, as conservator of the said river of Thames and waters of Medway, did or might lawfully claim, use orexercise; and further, That it shall and maybe lawful to and The, mayor, for the said mayor of the said city for the time being, in like man- as conservator, ner as he hath'used to do in other cases, to inquire of, hear and mr*}c^ent determine, by presentment or indictment taken before him as or^ndiamens, conservator of the said river and waters, all unlawful and undue all unlawful fishing, and taking and destroying fish, and all other offences and undue contrary to such rules, orders and ordinances as shall be made fidun£>nd Q*

Hj

by

Anno tricesimo Georgia It c. 21. $1757.

by the fiud court of mayor and aldermen, and allowed and ap- proved of as aforesaid; and upon conviction of any such offender or offender*, to hnpose a fine on him, her or them for the said offence, not exceeding the penalties which shall be inflideA in and by the said roles, orders or ordinances; and which fine or fines, when levied and recovered, shall be applied and distributed in like manner as the penalties inflicted by the said court of conservacy have been usually applied and distributed but n* person shall be punished twice for one and the same offence.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all actions, suits and informations, which shall be commenced and prosecuted against any person or persons for any thing which he, she or they shall do, or cause to be done in pursuance of this act, shall be commenced, sued or prosecuted within six months next after the cause of action shall accrue and all fuclvpersons against whom any such actions, suits or informations shall be commenced, sued or prosecuted, shall and General issue. may plead the general issue^ and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if in any such suit, the plaintiff or prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or shall forbear prosecution, or discontinuehis suit; or if a verdict shall pass, or judgment shall be given against him upon a demurrer, then, and in any such Double Gafts, case, the defendant or defendants shall recover double costs, for which he or they shall have like remedy, as when costs by law are awarded; and this act shall be taken and allowed in all courts Bttblick aft. within this kingdom as a publick a d 5 and all judges and justices are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without the same being specially pleaded.

Act 24 G. 2,

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, c. 44. extend- That the Statute made in the twenty fourth year of his present stratea'aifing Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the rendering justices of the under thisaS; fHtu mri M* m execution of their office; and for indemnifying

conftfibUs and others, afling in obedience to their warranty so for as the fold ad relates to the rendering justices of the peace more fofe in the execution of their office, shall extend, and be construed to extend; to the mayor, recorder and every alderman of the said city of London*) and to every justice and justices of the peace^ ad-h"V, °w?'on^bnder the authority or in the execution of this act; and no ga!n(t*zn offi. or suit shall be h?d or commenced against, nor any writ

cer. tills/ no- sued out, or copy of writ served upon the said water bailiff, his tice be given assistant or assistants, or any other officer or officers, for any thing hm thereof; done in the execution of this act> until notice in writing shall have been given to him or them, or left at his or their usual place of abode, by the attorney for the party commencing such action, or suing out such writ, one month before the commencing such action, or suing out or serving the copy of the said writ; which foid notice in writing shall contain the name and place of abode of the perfott who is to bring such action, together with the cause of action or complaint; and the name and place of abode of the said attorney, shall be under wrote or indorsed thereon and the said water bailiff, bfoagifont or assistants, and

ther offences contrary to the rules? and iinpose suitable fines,

to he applied as penalties inflicted by the court of coa-fqpvaty.

Limitation of actions.

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 21. 103

the said other officer or officers shall be at liberty, and may, by and he upy virtue of this act, at any time within one calendar month after^such notice, tender or cause to be tendered any sum or turns of ^plainecU^ money, as amends for the injury complained of to the party 9

complaining, or to the said attorney; and if the same is not ac- and plead the cepted, the defendant or defendants in such action or actions same, &c. or may plead such tender in bar of such action or actions, together with the general issue, or any other plea, with leave of the court;

and if upon issue joined upon such tender, the jury shall find the amends tendered to have been sufficient, the said jury shall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants; and in such case, or if the plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his action; or if judgment shall be given for the defendant or defendants upon and ^f?n*demurrer, the defendant or defendants shall be intitled to double J^le cods; and if the jury shall find that no such tender was made, or that tho^ amends tendered were not sufficient; and also shall Plaintiff recofind against the defendant or defendants, on such other plea or vering, intitled pleas by them pleacted, the said juiw shall find a verdict for the so damages.plaintiff, and such damages as they shall think proper; for which the said plaintiff shall have judgment, together with his costs of suit.

XVIII. Saving always to the King* most excellent majesty, ftefervation of his heirs and successors, and all bodies politick and corporate, accustomable and to the high court of admiralty, and all other courts and per- HP*115nd PjJ* ions, all fines, forfeitures, penalties, amerciaments, and wreck and to of fieta, which of right have been reserved and become due and au bodies po-payable to the said courts and persons respectively, for and in litick and cor-respect of the said fishery or drudging; or otherwise, and all porate, and o-rights, titles, estates, jurisdictions, privileges or franchises what- ther (clever, in as full and ample a manner as the same were or have been, before the making of this act; and also all such right, title, interest, claim, privilege and conservation, and inquiry and puaifoment of and for the offences aforesaid, as they or any of them lawfully have and enjoy, or of right ought to have and enjoy, by any manner of means; any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Of

aforesaid, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall rights to the not extend, or be construed to extencUto prejudice or derogate admiralties of from any of the rights of the admiralties or vice-admiralties of Kent and ?C-Ktnt or Essex, or any ptfearies or fishings belonging to or apper- Pdcanes, touting to the said-rity of London, or any other city or town corporate, or any lords of manors, proprietors, owners or occupiers

of any rivers, creeks, dreams or fisheries adjacent to or within any part of the said limits, or to the rights of any other person or persons within the limits aforesaid,

XX. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall places and

extend, or be construed to extend, to any Wherman or drudger- persons ex-man who now do or shall hereafter inhabit or dwell in any of the from

cinque ports or their members, or in the city of Rochester, or, on

tywHf of'fdftce of Strtyd, Chatham, Frindsbury, Gillingham*, MH-

\ 4 H 4 - ton*

f°4

Annp tficcsimo Georgh II, c. 20. [1757.

tony $lueenborough9 Feversham, Whitstaple or the placed adjacent^ but that such fishermen and drudgermen shall and may use and exercise their trader of fishing and drudging, and foiling, in* as full and ample manner as they have heretofore lawfully done, to all intents and purposes as if this act had never been made. Fiftiermen not

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, liable to take That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to orpay^any^ra- extenc*to im power or authorize the said mayor, court of mayor tujty for liber- and aldermen, the water bailiff, or any other person whatsoever, ty offishing, to grant any licence or licences, or to make any rules* orders or ordinances whereby any licence or licences shall be required to be taken by any fisherman, drudgerman or other person, for go*.ing out to fish, fishing, drudging, or taking fish in any manner of way, or whereby any gratuities, rewards or compensations, under any pretence or denomination whatsoever, shall be paid or payable by any fisherman, drudgerman or other such person, to the water bailiff, or his successors, or to any other person or persons; or to appear or whereby any such fisherman, drudgerman or other such person andenter their shall be obliged to appear before the said mayor, water bailiff or names, other person, to enter his or their fever^l name or names, in any

or to be e reg^er or other book, or whereby any such fisherman, drudgerr

ftnpmed from man or ot^ier person as aforesaid, shall be limited or restrained keeping syiy from keeping any number of boys in any one boat, as such number ot, fisherman, drudgerman, or other person shall judge proper; any thing in the said act of the ninth year of her late majesty Queen Anne, or any Other Statute, law, custonj or qfage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXII.

An act to explain and amend an act made in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty's reign9 to prevent the misbehaviour of the drivers of carts in the streets in London, Westminster, and the Umits of the weekly bills of mortality \ and for other purposes in this act mentioned.

WHEREAS by an act made and passed in the eighteenth*V V year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to repeal a clause in an act made in the third year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, relating to carts used by persons inhabiting within the limits of the Weekly bills of mortality; and to allow such carts to be drawn with three horses; and to prevent the misbehaviour of the drivers of carts in streets within the said limits therein reciting (amongst other things) that great inconveniendes had arisen from the irregular behaviour of carmen, draymen and other persons driving carts, drays and other carriages within the cities of London and Westminster, and suburbs thereof the borough of Southwark, and other streets within the bills of mortality, by their missing and hindering the passage of his Majesty's fiuhjefts through the said streets and highways, and committing other disorders of the Hie kind; for remedy whereof it was thereby enacted, That from and of t$r the twenty nipth day ^September one thousand seven hundred 2 and

i

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 22. toj

and forty jha, no person or forfait whatsoever Should drive any cart, car or dray of any kind whatsoever, within the limits aforesaid, unless the mafier or owner of fitch cart, car or dray, Should place upon same conspicuous part Of such cart, car or dray thenameof the owner of such tarty car or dray, and the number of such cart, car or dray so belonging unto him, in order that the driver of such cart, car or dray might the more eafity beconvified for any disorder or misbehaviour committed by him as aforesaid; and it was thereby further enacted, That every owner of such cart, car or dray residing within the limits aforesaid,

Should enter his name and plate of abode with the commissioners for //-cenfong hackney coaches, for which entry he Should pay the sum of one fulling and no more; and the said of were thereby required to receive and register such entry as aforesaid 5 and it was thereby also enabled. That in case any person or persons Should drive any such edrt, car, or dray, within the limits aforesaid, not marked, numbered and entered as before directed, every such person so offending Should forfeit the sum of forty shillings, and it Should be lawful for any person or persons to feisse and detain the cart, car or dray, or any of the horses drawing the same, and them to detain until such penalty Should be paid: fnd whereas no provision is made by the said act, to whom the money forfeited shall go and be paid, or to Jell the cart, car, dray or horse asJball be seized in pursuance of the said abf, to raise the forty shillings forfeited', be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That one moiety of the money Application of which shall be forfeited by the driver of any cart, car or dray, the fortcU^rct under the said act, shall go and be paid to the person or persons who shall apprehend and prosecute to conviction any offender or offenders against the said act; and that the other moiety thereof shall go and be paid to the overseers of the poor, if there shall be any, of the parish or place in which the offence shall be committed; and if there shall be no overseers in such parish or place, then to some other officer of such parish or place, for the use of the poor of such parish or place; and if the offender or offenders, on being convicted of any offence against the said act, before hours, di-any justice of the peace within his jurisdiction, shall not, within itrefe may be the space of twenty four hours after any such conviction, pay fold, the forty shillings forfeited, then the same shall be raised by sale of the cart, car, dray or horse which shall be seized; and every justice of the peace within his jurisdiction, is hereby authorized 'and required to issue his warrant under his hand and seal, directed to the constable, or some other peace officer of the parish or place in which the cart, car, dray or horse seized shall be, to cause faleto be made thereof with all convenient speed, for raising the money which shall be forfeited for any such offence or offences as aforesaid; rendering to the offender or offenders the Overplus to be overplus, (if any there shall be) after deducting the charges of returned, after the sale of any such cart, car, dray or horse, and also the expences deducting att the party or parties who shall have made the seizure shall be atchar^ by detaining or hoofing thereof, or keeping any horse seized,

on-

On changing the property, new owner's mme to be affixed on the P^t,

and to be entered i and in thereof

Offender to forfeit 4.0s.

fo§ Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 12. t*7570

until Tale shall be made thereof in pursuance of this id* or tbt money forfeited shall be paid*

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every time the property of any cart, car or dray, which is or shall be entered with the said of for licensing hackney coaches in pursuance of the said recited or this present act, shall be altered, the new owner or owners thereof shall, from time to time, within seven days next after be, (he or they shall become owner or owners thereof, cause the name or names of the former owner or owners thereof to be taken off from every such cart, car or dray, and the name or names of the new and real owner or owners thereof to be put or painted in large and legible chandlers upon some conspicuous part thereof, and also to be entered with the said of for licensing hackney coaches; and if any omission shall be made in doing thereof, and any person

andln default ^all drive any such cart* car or dray within the limits aforesakl, thcrJnfi e all not having the name or names of the real owner or owners thereof painted or put thereon, in (bme conspicuous part thereof, and also entered with the fa; d coronfa (Boners for licensing hackney coaches as herein before is directed, every such person so offending in the promisles, shall forfeit for every such offence the funi of forty shillings on being thereof convicted, either by his own confemop, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or wit-pestes, before any justice of the peace of the county, city, division or {dace where any such offence shall be committed; and the said moiety so forfeited, shall go and be applied in like manner as the forty shillings forfeited for any offence committed against the said herein before recited act is hereby directed to go and be applied > and every such cart, car and dray, and any horse drawing the same, is and are hereby subjected and made liable to be seized by any person or persons, and alto to be sold, to raise and answer the money which shall be forfeited in pursuance of this act, together with the reasonable charges of every such sale, and of hoofing the cart, car or dray which shall be seized under this act, and keeping the horse which shall be also seized under this act, until sale shall be made thereof, or the money forfeited shall be paid.

III. And whertosfome doubt bath been made whether thejuflues of the few of the eity of London are authorized to ascertain at their general or quarter fejfons of the peace in London, the rates or prices of goods token up in London tand earned for hire out of London into the city of Westminster, and other places contiguous to London, by the carts, ears or earrooms licensed to work in London, and to compel perfom who shall work any such carts, cars or earrooms Iktnfed to work in London, to carry goods from any parts of the said city of London into the said city of Westtniosier, and other parts adjacent to London; and to enforce payment to the carmen for their labour and carriage of goods, according to the rates or prices which shall be fit or qfeertained at the said general or quarter sessions of the peace in London, ondbyrea* fen thereofmanyinconamumits have happened to merchant sand others \

te it therefore further eroded by the wtlwiiy tfwfibdr That tto

and the cart and horse may be seized and

m-

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 22. 107

Radices of the peace for the said city of London, for the time be- Justices of the tng, shall have power and authority, and they are hereby enjoined cltYt0 and required at the next general sessions of the peace which shall 0/c*r*

be holden for the said city of London after the twenty fourth day riage of good* of Juno one thauiand seven hundred and fifty seven, and so afterwards at the general sessions of the peace which shall be holden for the said city of London next after the twenty fourth day of June in every year, as occasion shall require, to assess and rate reasonable rates and prices for the carriage of all goods taken up in the said city of London, and carried by any tuch licensed carts, cars or carrooms, as well in the said city of London as from the said city of London into the said city of Westminster} or any other place or places not exceeding the distance or three miles from the find city of London 5 and to make, frame and set down and to make in writing such reasonable rules, orders and ordinances for go- rules forregu* veraing and regulating such carts, cars and carrooms, and the lating carts drivers thereof, and to compel payment for carriage of goods by such licensed carts, cars or carrooms, according to the rates ment of their or prices which shall be rated, assessed or set at any such sessions fare, of the peace in London as aforesaid and to annex reasonable pe- and to annex nalties for breach of any such rules, orders or ordinances, not penalties for exceeding five pounds for any one offence, as to the major part or"

of the justices at any such sessions of the peace in London

Med shall seem meet; and such rules, orders and ordinances, or any of them, from time to time, at any other such sessions of #.

the peace as aforesaid in London, to alter and amend; and such mend the new or other rules, orders and ordinances, touching the matters same, or make aforesaid, with such reasonable penalties and forfeitures (not ex- ne* orders, feeding five pounds for any one offence) to make, as to the major part of the justices at any such sessions of the peace assembled shall, from time to time, seem meet, for the better putting this act in execution.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority The find rules aforesaid, That all such rules, orders and ordinances, so to be to be printed from time to time made at apy such sessions of the peace in and publi&od, London shall, within thirty days after the making the same, be

printed and affixed up in some publick places of the said city of London, and be otherwise made publick, in such manner as the find justices at their general or quarter sessions of the peace shall think proper, and from time to time order.

V. And whereas his Majesty's subjects are frequently interrupted and hindered puffing on their lawful occafms in the publick streets, lanes and open passages in the cities of London and Westminster, and within the weekly bills of mortality, by empty pipes, butts, barrels^ oasis and other vessels, and also by empty tarts, tars, drays or other oarriages, standing or being placed there, and by other obstructions; persons

for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority afore- fupy obstru&-£rid. That no persons, after the said twenty fourth day of June, shall ing thepaflaga wilfully obstruct the passing and repassing of his Majesty's fob- of the streets, jofts in any such publick streets, lanes or open passages within flip limit* tafor* ipcntioaod, or^Qr foaoyempty ig'

io8 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 22. [1757.

pipes, butts, barrels, casks or any other vessels in any such publick streets, lanes or open passages within the limits aforesaid, (except for such reasonable time only as shall be necessary for the carrying or removing thereof to or from any house, warehouse, cellar,

vault or other place, or for the trimming thereof) or set or place any empty cart, car, dray or other carriage in any such publick (Ireet, lane or open passage within the limits aforesaid, except only dur-except while ing such reasonable time as any such cart, car or other carriage plying for hire shall be plying for hire, in the place or places appointed or to be 011 ^eir pro- appointed for the (landing thereof so to ply for hire, by the per-per an s, fons authorized to appoint such the (landings thereof, and except during such reasonable time as any such cart, car, dray or other.carriage shall be waiting in any such publick (Ireet, lane or open or fettinf UP* passage to load or unload goods or commodities, or to take up down, a tare, or set down a fare; and that every person offending in any of the cases aforesaid, and being convicted of any such offence, either by his own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witnessor witnesses, before any justice of the peace of the county, city, division or place where any such offence shall be committed, shall for every such offence forfeit any sum not ex-liable to for- ceeding twenty shillings, and not Jess than the sum of five ceedilT^aos 5 or committed to the house of correction, or

norldf than ot^cr prison of the county, city, liberty, division or place

5* or to be in which the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall committed, have been apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month, as any such justice shall think fit and order.

VI. And whereas the passage from Westminster bridge into the city of Westminster is greatly' obstructed, and rendered vnfife, by the constant Jland of hackney coaches and other carriages, plying for hire near the said bridge; be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That no hackney coachman, carman, or No coaches or other person or persons, shall, from and after the said twenty «urts to ply fourth day of June, ply for hire with any hackney coach, cart, rtreetshere* C or ot^er wheel carriage, in Bridge Street, Parliament Street, mentioned. Great George Street, St. Afargaret's Street, or Abingdon Street, in the city of Westninjlcry or any of the said streets 5 or (lop or (lay nor to flop in any of the said streets with any such coach, cart, or other than to^ake wkeel triage, any longer time than shall be reasonable for such Up or set down coac^man, carman, or other person, having the care of any % fare, wheel carriage, to wait to take up or set down his fare, or to

load and unload goods or other commodities 5 and that every coachman, carman, or other person, having the care of any such wheel carriage, offending in any of the cases aforesaid, and being conyiCled of any such offence, either by his own confession, or by the oath or one or more credible witness or witnesses.before any justice of the peace for the city and liberty of Westminster, which oath such justice is hereby impowered and re-on forfeiture quired to administer, shall, for every such offence, forfeit any of a sum not sum not exceeding twenty shillings, and not less than five (hil-cxcttthng jjugs / shall 1^ committed to the house of correction in West-

: m?

1757.]

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 21.

*99

minster, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time nor left than riot exceeding one calendar month, as any such justice shall think fit and order.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Driverofany

That if the driver of any carriage whatsoever in the said cities of carriage, ob-London or Westminster, or in any publick street or common high- lb-u&in the ways within the said weekly bills of mortality, shall by negli- the Vreeu

gence or wilful misbehvaiour prevent, hinder or interrupt the within the bills free passage of his Majesty's subjects, in any of the publick of mortality, streets in London or Westminster, or in any publick streets or common highways within the said weekly bills of mortality, every such driver being convicted thereof, either by his own confei-lion, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses before any justice of the county, city, division, liberty or place wherein any such offence shall be committed, and which oath every such justice is hereby impowered to administer, shall for every such offence forfeit any Aim not exceeding twenty shillings; or shall be committed to the house of correction, or some forfeits any other prison of the county, city, liberty, division or place in Ann note*-, which the offence shall have been committed, or the offender shall have been apprehended, there to be kept to hard labour, coimnitt^. for any time not exceeding one calendar month, as any such justice shall think fit and order.

VIII. And for preventing obstructiotis in all the publick highways

of this kingdom\ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the°pairageof if any person, after the twenty fourth day of June one thou- any of the sand seven hundred and fifty seven, shall set, place or leave, any highways by empty waggon, cart, or any other carriage, in any publick high- empty wagway within this kingdom, so as in any manner to interrupt or ^p^whTle hinder the free passage of any other carriage, or of his Majesty's they are load-subjects, except only during such reasonable time as such wag- ingor unload-gon, cart or carriage shall be loading or unloacting, every person so offending, and being convicted of such offence, either by his own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace for the county, riding, division, city or place where such offence shall be committed, which oath such justice is hereby impowered and required to administer; shall, for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum to^levied by not exceeding twenty shillings, to be levied by distress and sale distress and of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand faJe > and seal of any justice of the peace; and for want of sufficient di- and for want stress, such justice is hereby impowered and required to commit of distress, of such offender to the house of correction, or some other prison of Amder he the county, riding, division, city or place in which the offence committc*shall be commited, or the offender shall have been apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 10f. penalty

That if after the said twenty fourth day of June, the driver of driver ri-any waggon, cart, car, dray or other carriage, on any publick highway, shall ride upon any such carriage, not having some sith?

other

no Anno tricesimo Gfcofton II. c. 22. [1757.

put some other other person on foot or on horseback to guide the same (such person to coti- carriages as are respectively drawn by one horse only, or by two or caufine any horse$ abreast, and are conducted by some person holding the damage; 1 reins of such horse or horses, excepted) or it the driver of any or obstructing carriage whatsoever on any of the said highways, shall by negli-the P*ffa5e > gence or misbehaviour cause any hurt or damage to any person ty not1Paffin8 or ^ing upon such highway i or shall by negligence or way for coach- vrilful misbehaviour, prevent, hinder or interrupt the free p adage e», &c. or of any other carriage, or of his Majesty's subjects on the said loaded car- highways; or if the driver of any empty or unloaded waggon, nages i cart qt other carriage, shall refuse or neglect to turn aside and make way for any coach, chariot, chaise, loaded waggon, cart, or other loaded carriage; every such driver offending in any of the cases aforesaid, and being convicted of such offence, either by his own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace of the county, riding, division or place where such offence shall be committed (which oath such justice is hereby impowered and required to be levied by to administer) shall for every such offence, forfeit any sum not distress and exceeding twenty shillings, to be levied by distress and sale of want of d/°r t^ie officer* goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand streft, offender an<*of any justice of the peace; and for want of sufficient to be commit- distress, such justice is hereby impowered and required to commit such offender to the house of cofrection, or some other prison of the county, riding, division or place in which the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall have been apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding one month.

Application of

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That forfeitures for all penalties and forfeitures for offences against this act on the offences on publick highways, shall be applied, one moiety to the informer, the highways. ancj t^e otjier moiety to the surveyor or surveyors of the highways in the parirti wherein such offence shall be committed, to be by such surveyor or surveyors applied in the repair of the highways within such respective parish.

Offender being,

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, apprehended. That if any person who shall be apprehended for having com-notdiscover- fitted any offence against this act, shall refuse to discover his arul abode^ro name and place of abode, to the justice or justices before whom be committed, he shall be brought, such person so refusing shall be immediately delivered over to a constable or other peace officer, and shall by him be conveyed to the corrurion gaol, or house of correction, of the county or place Where the offence shall be committed, there to remain until he shall declare his name and place of abode to the said justice, or to fotne other justice of the said county or place.

Pecuniary for.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, feitures, not Thrt the pecuniary forfeitures by this act incurred, and for Je* before provid- vying whereof no provision is herein before made, shall and may 1ed bvdi* ^ev'e<^ ky distress and sale of the goods and chattels of every stress aiui offender (rendring tq him the overplus, after the charges

of

i ?57*1 Artfto tHtesimo GBokGii tl. c. 22; 11 c

of the dtftfels and file shall be deducted) by warrant under the of the offend-hand and seal of the justice before whom the offender was con- er*S000*8-vidtedj and one moiety of all which pecuniary forfeitures,

whereof the application is not herein before directed, shall be thereof^0* paid to the person or persons who shall prosecuteto conviction any offender or offenders agairtft this act; and the other moiety thereof shall be paid to the o.verfeers of the poor, if there shall be any, of the parish or place in which the offence shall be committed, 6r the Offender mall have been apprehended; and if there shall be no overseers in such parish or place, then to some other officer of such parish or place, for the use of the poor Of such parish or place.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Offenders may That any person or persons who shall fee any of the offences herein apprehend-

before mentioned, and intended by this act to be redressed, com- fons VedngSie rtiitted, shall and may by the authority of this act, and without offence com-any other warrant, apprehend the offender or offenders, and mitted.

shall, with all convenient speed then afterwards convey or deliver every such offender and offenders to a constable, or some other peace officer of the county, city or place in which the offence shall be committed, or the offender shall be apprehended, in order to be conveyed before some justice of the peace of such county, city or place, there to be dealt with according to law.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, inhabitants of That in all actions, suits, trials, and other proceedings in purfu- tlx: place since of this act, or in relation to any matter or thing herein where any of-conrained, any inhabitant of the parish, town or place in which committed any offence or offences shall be committed, contrary to the true deemed legal intent and meaning of this act, or the said herein before recited witnesses. act, shall be admitted to give evidence, and shall be deemed a competent witness, notwithstanding his, her or their being an inhabitant of the parish or place in which any such offence or offences shall have been committed.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, offender* ptr* That no person, who by virtue of this act shall be punished for niflied under any offence or offences by him, her or them committed, shall this act, net be punished for the same offence or offences under any other law

or Statute; and that if any action or suit shall be commenced fence by any against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of other, this act, the defendant or defendants m any such action or suit, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that- ncra 1 uc* the same Was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and* if it shall appear so to have been done, a verdict shall be recorded for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared 5 or if judgment shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover double costs, and Double costs* have the like* remedy for the some, as any defendant or defendants

ti2 Anno tricesimo GboRGuIL c, aji [1757.

ants hath or have in other cases by law for recovery of his or their costs.

CAP. XXIII. dn act for enabling his Majesty to raise the futn of1 ont 'mil* lion, for the uses and pterposes therein mentioned

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majestfs most dutiful and kyat subjects, the comment of Great Britain in parliament assembled, having taken into our serious confederation your Majestfs most gracious mcjsage, signifying your Majesty's defere to be enabled by your faithful commons, to defray any extraordinary expemes of the war, incurred or to be incurred, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and to take all such meafitres as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any enterprizes or defegns of your Majesty's enemies, One million an^ as exigency of Affairs may require, have resolved io give and granted to his grant to your Majesty the sum of one million for that purpose; and do Majesty tode- therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted \ fray extraor- and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by tfye Majesty authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and Sda^i»nfi n ^or mo^ excellent majesty, by warrant or warrants

manual may under his royal sign manual, to authorize and impower the com-authorize the missioners or his Majesty's treasury now or for the time being, treifurytotake or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the

wUHie'exche t, mc b*ng> at any t*me or ^mes beforebe day of Janu-qner bills for" afJ one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, to cause or di-the said sura, rest any loans to be taken or received at his Majest/s exchequer, from any person or persons, natives or foreigners, ' body or bodies politick or corporate; or any number of exchequer bills to be made out there, for any dim or sums of money, not exceeding, n loins and exchequer bills together, in the whole, the said are to be taken sum of one million, in the same or like manner, form and order, °k by and accorc*ng to the same or hke ru^cs and directions, as m and aft 5SKf. by an a(^ lb*s present session of parliament, intituled An act (ion. for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and for discharging certain arrears of land taxes incurred before the time therein mentioned; and for the more effectual collecting of arrears for the future, are enacted and prescribed concerning the loans or exchequer bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said act.

Clauses, &c. JJ. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,; That in the said act ass an(j every the clauses, provisoes, powers, privileges, advan-foans^ ex- tages, penalties, forfeitures and disabilities, contained in the said chequer bills last mentioned act relating to the loans or exchequer'bills au-therein, ex- thorized to be made by the same act (except such clauses as do charge the same on the taxes granted by the same act) shall jpt 48*e appl ied and extended to the loans and exchequer Mils to be grade*

ia

in the same manner as loans or exchequer bills

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 23.

in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually to all intents made in pur-and purposes, as if the same loans or exchequer bills had been tua

originally authorized by the said last mentioned act, or as if the said ieVcra) clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this act.

III. And be it declared and further enacted by the authority The bank im-aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the governor and powered to company of the bank of England, to advance or lend to his fend his Maje- Majesty, in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon sum, 1 oi^rhe the credit of loan granted by this act, any sum or Turns of mo- credit of this ney not exceeding in the whole, the sum of one million,; any act, thing in an act made in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of nn°tvvl^rta])(^ King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for granting to^their Majesties several rates and duties upon tonnage of ships and veffehy and upon beery ale, and other liquor/, for securing certain recomputes and advantages in the said act mentioned, to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the war agaittjl France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Loans, with That all such loans or exchequer bills, together with the interest,hc interest, to premium, rate and charges incident to or attending the same, ^{he^first1 shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall Vupplies j be repaid or borne by or out of the first aids or supplies which shall be granted in the next session of parliament; and in case and if none sufficient aids or supplies for that purpose shall not be granted shall be grant* before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty $ 5

eight, then all the said loans or exchequer bills, with the iflte- ou/oVthe* rest, premium, rate and charges incident to or attending the linking tund* same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such monies, as at any time or times, at or after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues, composing the fund commonly called The sinking fund, except such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any act or acts of parliament in that bthalf; and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such loans or exchequer bills, interest, premium, rate or charges, until the whole of thftn shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reftrved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- and the mo- said, That whatever monies shall be so issued out of the said nics issued tp furnlufies, excesses, overplus monies, or other revenues com- oJ^o? tirft pofipg the sinking fund, shall from time to time be replaced by supplies. ajxj^ut $f the ft supplies to be then after granted in parlia-

meqrWw contained |o the contrary notwithstanding.

<14

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 24, [1757.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for the more effectual punishment of p&fons who shotU attain, or attempt to attain, possession of goods or minty, by false or untrue pretences \ for preventing the Unlawful pawning of goods; for the easy redemption of goods pawned; and for preventing gaming in publick houses by journeymen, labourers, servants and apprentices.

WHEREAS fcn evil-disposed persons, to feipport rbelr profligate way of life, /w* by various feubtle stratagems, threats and devices, fraudulently obtained divers ferns of monty, goods, wares and merchandizes, re the great injury of industrious families, and to the manifest prejudice of trade and credit; therefore for the punishing all such offenders, be it enacted by the King's rrioft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after Persons con- the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred vifted of ob- and fifty (even, all persons who knowingly and designedly, by Sr Pretence or pretences, shall obtain from any person or per-falsepre-fons, money* goods, wares or merchandizes, with intent to tences, or of cheat or defraud any person or persons of the same; or shall fending knowingly fend or deliver any letter or writing, with or whhotft set^rsln'or^er a name or names subscribed thereto, or signed with a fictitious to extort mo- na*ne or names, letter or letters, threatning to accuse any per-ney or goods, son of any crime punishable by law with death, transportation, pillory, or any other infamous punishment, with a view or intent to extort or gain money, goods, wares or merchandizes from the person or persons so threatened to be accused, shall be deemed offenders against law and the publick peace; and the niflttdby fine court before whom such offender or offenders shall be tried, ment^o^by11n ca^ or shall be convicted of any of the said

pillory, whip- offences, order such offender or offenders to be fined and ini-pingor trans prisoned, or to be put in the pillory, or publickly whipped; or

may bepu-

portation.

to be transported, as soon as conveniently may be (according to the laws made for transportation of felons) to some of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, for the term of (even years, as the court in which any such offender or offenders shall be convicted shall think fit and order.

Where a

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

charge is any justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding* division, 1"a^c, any city, liberty or place, before whom any person or persons charg-fences, justice e<* 00 oath, by any credible person or persons, with having ccrm-toenquire mitted any of the offences intended by this act to be punished,: thetmn upon shall be brought, shall examine by oath (which oath every such oath* justice or justices is arfd are hereby impowered and required to

v administer) and Xuch other lawful means as to any such jtiftfce

v.1, w, or justices shall seem meet, touching the -matters complained of, o/eVthe com- deal with theoffendor or offenders according to law 5- and if piaix»ot, toap. the party or parties charged asbcing theoffendcror offenders, (bail V.* ., bt

797.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 24. 115

be committed to prison* or be admitted to bail, to answer thenar and pro* matters complained of at the next general or quarter sessions of fccutf» the pence, 6r rtfcfct sessions of Oyer and Terminer, which shall be befoforthecounty, riding, division, city, liberty or placewhere-ifl the offence shall be charged, on oath, to have been committed, then such justice or justices shall bind over the prosecutor and prosecutors of every such offender or offenders to appear at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace, or next tedious of Oyer and Terminer which shall beheld for the county, tidings division, city, liberty or place wherein the offence (halt bo charged to have been committed, by recognizance, in such reaibnabk sum of money as to such justice or ju(fences shall feenv requiftte, to prosecute such' offender and offenders with effect; aAd if any money, goods, wares or merchandizes fraudulently and his recog-obtained, shall appear to such justice or justices to exceed the nizance to be amount or value of twenty pounds, then the recognizance to be |n j11

taken in that behalf from the prosecutor or prosecutors, shall be to c au*in not left than double the amount or valuethe same shall appear before any such justice or justices to be worth*.

III. And whereas divers of his Majesty's subjects suffer great in-cenvemencies and frequent Losses, by persons pawning or unlawfully difpefing of the goods and chattels of others, end the persons so pawning or unlawfully disposing of the goods or chattels of other j, from the meanmfs of their circuntjlances, are seldom able to make rejlttution ot recompense to the parties injured, and the laws now in being are m/uffieient to punish such offenders \ be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty Penalty of so* ninth day of Septesnber one thousand seven hundred and fifty on pawning, (even, if any person or persons shall knowingly and designedly pOWn or exchange, or unlawfully dispose of the goods or chat- of goods wnh-teis of any other person or persons, not being employed or au- out leave of thorfzed by the owner or owners thereof so to do, and shall be the owner t thereof convicted by the oath of any credible witness or witnesses, or by the confeflkm of the person or persons charged wkh with such offence, before any such justice or justices of the peace as aforesaid (which oath every such justice as aforesaid is hereby htiftowered and required to administer) every such offender shall, and on non-for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings; and payment, to in case the said forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the justice or justices of the peace as aforesaid, before whom such conviction labour, shall be had, shall commit the party or parties so convicted to the hoqfe of correction, or (bme other publick prison of the couftty, riding, division, city or place wherein the offender or Offenders shall reside or be convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for the space of fourteen days, unless the feist forfeiture shall be sooner paid 5 and if within three days be- and if not paid fott the expiration of the said fourteen days, the said forfeiture wuhin that ftfel) riot be paid, the said justice or justices is and are hereby dipped, required to order, upon the application of the prosecutor or pro- application of feoicorsvfihe person or persons so convicted to be public Uy theproicce-wfcipped in the house of correction or prison to which the of- for* r 12 fender

i i6 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 14.' [1757.

fender or offenders shall be committed; or in some open, publick place of the city, riding, division, town or place wherein, the offence shall have been committed, as to such justice or justices Application of shall feetn proper; and the said respective forfeitures when re-the forfeitures covered, shall be applied towards making satisfaction thereout to the party or parties injured, and defraying the costs of the prosecution, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had; but if the party or parties injured shall decline to accept of such satisfaction and costs; or if there shall be any overplus of the said respective forfeitures, after making such satisfaction, and paying such costs as aforesaid, then such respective forfeitures, or the overplus thereof (as the case shall happen) shall be paid and applied to'and for the use of the poor of the parfth or place where the offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid tqthe over-fe£rs of the poor of such parish for that purpose.

Pawnbroker,

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to make entry That all and every person and persons who, from and after the °aw°°dS twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and pledged'or fifty seven, shall take by way of pawn, pledge or exchange, of or

exchanged, from any person or persons whomsoever, any goods or chattels, of what kind soever the same shall be, shall forthwith enter or cause to be entered, in a fair or regular manner, in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, a description of the goods or chattels which he, she or they shall receive in pawn, pledge or exchange; and also the sum of money advanced or paid there- on, with the day of the month and year on which, and the

name and place of abode of the person or persons by whom such goods or chattels were so pawned, pledged or exchanged, and also the name and place of abode of the owner or owners thereof, according to the information of the person pawning or and a dupli- pledging, or exchanging the same; and shall at the same tin(*e cate, if requi- give a duplicate or copy thereof to the person or persons so red, to begiv- pawning, pledging or exchanging the said goods or chattels, if the1 pawner° reclulred; for which the person or persons giving such duplicate upon paying or copy, shall be paid by the person. or persons who shall so for the lame, pawn, pledge or exchange such goods or chattels, the sum of one half-penny, on goods and chattels pawned for less than twenty shillings; and one penny on goods or chattels pawned for twenty shillings, and not e>«ceeding five pounds, and for every such duplicate upon goods or chattels pawned for any larger sum, the sum of two pence, and no more; and in de-Penalty 5l. on fault of making such entry, and giving such duplicate or eppy, default of ma- jf required as aforesaid, he, (lie or they shall respectively for e-ktng^ch cii- yery Offence forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be levied by dif- i'rig such du.- trefsand sale of the goods and chattels of the offender oroffen-pifeate. tiers, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals j of any justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, ciry, liberty or place where the offence shall be coov-

£ mined j Which respective forfeitures when levied, (hidl bp paid

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 24. 117

and applied: to the use of the poor of the parUh or place wherein the offence shall be committed*

V. And whereas it sometimes happens that the goods or chattels ptfdged and pawned as aforesaid^ are failed ttnd damaged* or ren-.defect of ttfs value than when the same wire pledged or pawnedy through the neglect, default^ or misbehaviour of the person or persons

i9 wham the same were so pledged or pawned\ his, her or their agents er servants) either by wearing or using thereof or by Utting thejame but to hire 5 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid,

'That if in the course of any of the aforesaid proceedings, ber Where goods fore any justice or justices of the peace, in pursuance of, or un- £e dama ed der this act, it shall appear or be proved to the satisfaction of thro^negkfl, the justice or justices upon oath or solemn affirmation as afore- of the pawn-said, that any of the goods or chattels so pawned as aforesaid}, broker, are become or have been rendered of less value than the same

were at the time of pawning or pledging thereof, by or through the default, neglect, or Wilful misbehvaiour of the person or ersons to whom the same were so pledged or pawned, his, her or their executors, administrators or assigns, agents or servants,then, and in any such case, it shall be lawful, and every such justice or justices is and are hereby required to allow or awar, d a reasonabld satisfaction to the owner or owners of such goods or chattels, in respetft of such damage \ and the (urn or sums of money so allowed or awarded shall be deducted out of the principal and interest, and allowance for warehouse-room, which shall appear to be due to any person or persons, to whom the same were so pledged or pawned, his, her or their executors, administrators or assigns 5 and in all cases where the goods and chattels pawned as aforesaid, shall have been damaged as aforesaid, it shall be sufficient for the pawner or pawners, his, her or their executors, administrators or assigns, to pay or tender the money upon the balance, after deducting out of the principal and interest, and money payable for warehouse-raorn as aforesaid, for the goods or chattels pawned, such reasonable fat\ffat^ion in respect to such damage, as any such justice or justices - r

shall order or award j and upon so doing, the justice or justices.,

shall proceed as if the pawner or pawners, his, her or their executors, administrators or assigns, had paid or tendered the whole money due for the principal, interest, and warehousf-room as aforesaid*

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from Persons bny-and after the said twenty ninth day of September one thousand ing or taking seven hundred and fifty seven, if any person or persons (h^llin plettee» h-knowingly buy pr take in as a pledge, any linen pr apparel, fntmited intruded to any other person or persons to wash, scour, iron, to others to

or make up, and shall be convicted-of the same, on the wartiormcnd, oath of one Credible witness, or on cqqfoflion of the party, bffore bne or more justice or justices, every such person or peffons shall forfeit double the sum given for or lent on the faxr^e, to fprfci^ to be paid to the poor of the panih where the offence is cqm- 'double the nptted? to be recovered in the manner other forfeitures are by fan#

;13 - J

i r8 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 24. 1 tT757.

this& directed to be recovered; and shall likewise be obliged ndreftorethe to restore the said goods to the owner in the pretence of the said goods. justice or justices.

Persons offer-

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ing goods to That in case any person or persons, who shall offer by way of fate, pawn or pawrij pledge, exchange or sale, any goods or chattels, shall not givin^good^or rc^u^e> to ctive a satisfactory account of hira-account of self, herself or themselves, or of the means by which he, (he or themselves, they, became possessed of such goods or chattels; or if there shall be any other reason to suspect that such goods or chattels are stolen, or otherwise illegally or clandestinely obtained; it may be detain- shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, his, her or cd, and earn- their servants or agents, to whom such goods or chattels shall*» be so offered, to seize and detain such person or persons, and the said goods or chattels, and to deliver such person or persons,

as soon as conveniently may be, into the custody of the constable, or other peace officer, who shall, and is hereby required,

immediately to convey such person or persons, and the said'goods or chattels, before forhe justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, liberty or place, wherein the offence shall be committed; and if such justice or justices shall, upon examination and enquiry, have cause to suspect that the said goods or chattels were stolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices to commit such person or persons into safe custody, for any time not exceeding the space of six days, in order to be further Justice, may examined; and if upon either of the said examinations, it shall commit the appear to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, that the said party. goods or chattels were stolen, or illegally or clandestinely ob-

tained, the said justice or justices is and are hereby authorized and required to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, division, city, liberty or place, wherein the offence shall be com-" xnitted, there to be dealt with according to law.

The person*

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That detaining the in cafc such gOQ^s or chattels so seized and detained as afore-goo^s, 1ndem- ^a, (^ afterwards appear to be the property of the person nified for so or persons who offered the same to be pawned, pledged, exdoing. changed or fold, or that he, she or they, was or were authorized by the owner or owners thereof to pawn, pledge, ex-r change, or fell the same, then and in such case, the person or persons who shall so seize or detain the party or parties who offered the said goods or chattels, shall be, and he, (he and they, is and are by this aeft indemnified for having so done.

IX. And, for the better enabling all persons to recover their goods or chattels, which after the said twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, shall be unlawfully pawned'Or pledged to, or exchanged with, any person or persons whatfetvir \ Justice, upon^ft further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the oath of the owner or owners of any goods or chattels, unlawfully pawned, owner, toiJTue pledged or exchanged, shall make out, either on his, lier or their

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 34., 1*9

oath, or by the oath of any credible witness, or (being one of* warrant to the people called Quakers) by foletnn affirmation before any juf- therfu^ tice or justices of the peace, within his or their jurisdiction, that {*n^s hJuse, I such owner or owners, has or have had, his, her or their goods and chattels unlawfully obtained or taken from him, her or them, and that there is just cause to suspeeft that any person or persons, within the jurisdiction of any such justice or justices hath or have knowingly and unlawfully taken to pawn, or ^y way of pledge, or in exchange, any goods or chattels of such owner or owners, and without the privity of, or authority from such owner or owners thereof; and shall make appear to the satisfaction of any such justice or justices, probable grounds for such the suspicion of the owner or owners thereof, then and in any such case, any justice or justices of the peace, within his or their jurisdiction, may issue his or their warrant for searching, in the day-time, the house, warehouse or other place, of any such person or persons, who shall be charged on oath or affirmation, as aforesaid, as suspected to have knowingly and unlawfully received or taken to pawn, or by way of pledge, or in exchange, any such goods or chattels, without the privity of, or authority from the owner or owners thereof; and if the occupier or occupiers of any house, warehouse or other place, wherein any Upon, ^, ^1 such goods or chattels shall, on oath or affirmation as aforesaid, ofadmittance be charged or fbfpected to be, shall after the said twenty ninth officer may day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, °Pen on request made to him, her or them, to open the same, by any1 c °°r' peaqe officer authorized to search there, by warrant from a justice or justices of the peace, for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town or place, in which such house, warehouse or Other place shall be situate, refuse toopen the same, and permit the same to be searched, it shall be lawful for any such peace officer to break open any such house, warehouse or other place, in the day-time, and to search as he shall think fit therein, for the goods or chattels suspected to be there, doing no wilful agev; and if any person or persons shall oppose or hinder any search, forfeit such search, and shall be thereof convicted before any such juf- 5l.

tice or justices, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, every person so offending in the premisses shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds; and in case such anj non^ forfeiture be not immediately paid down, or within the space of payment, art twenty four hours, the justice or justices, before whom fuchtobecom-conviction shall be had, shall commit the party or parties so mitted to hard convicted to the house of corredhon, or some other publick, ab°ur. prison of such county, riding, division, city, liberty, town or place, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding x one month, nor less than five days, unless in the mean time such forfeiture shall be paid; and such forfeiture, when recovered, shall forthwith go and be applied to and for the use of the poor of the parish wherein such offence shall have been committed; and if upon the search of the house, warehouse, or other*'The$?oodf place, of any such suspected person or persons, as aforesaid, any

120

Anno tricesimo Georgii II.

of the goods or chattels which shall hive been so knowingly and unlawfully pawned, pledged or exchanged, as aforesaid, shall be found, and the property of the owner or owners from whom the same shall have been unlawfully obtained or taken, shall be made out, to the satisfaction of any such justice or justices, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or (if any such witness or witnesses beof the people called Quaker*) by solemn affirmation, or by the confession of the person or persons charged with any such offence, any such justice or justices shall thereupon cause the goods and chattels found on any such search, and unlawfully pawned, pledged or exchanged, as aforesaid, to be forthwith restored to the owner or owners thereof.

X. And whereas goods and chatteh are often pawned or pledged for securbig the payment of money lent thereon, and the iuterr/l thereof; and although when the money becomes due % the hot rowers, or their representativeS'i are deftrous to repay the same, and the interest dote thereon, and make tender thereof to the person or persons with whom the same are so pawned or pledged, they are frequently under great difficulties to get tack the goods and chattels so pawned, and are often under neccjfity to commence suits at law for the recovery thereof to their great expence; for remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fttd twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, if any i-K roayVe^ £00^s or chattels shall be pawned or pledged for securing any money lent thereon, not exceeding in the whole the principal sum of ten pounds, and the interest thereof; and if within two years after the pawning or pledging thereof, proof Haying b«eo made on oath, by one or more credible witness or witnesses, orby producing a duplicate of the entry directed to be given by this act as aforesaid, before any such justice or justices, or by folorin affirmation (if the person be of the people called Quakers) to the satisfaction of any such justice or justices, of the pawning or pledging of any such goods or chattels within the said (pace of two years, any such pawner or pawners who was or were the real owner or owners of ffich goods or chattels at the time of the pawning or pledging thereof, his, her or their executors, administrators or alsigns, shall tender unto the person or persons who lent on the security of the goods or chattels pawned, his executors, administrators or assigns, the principal money borrowed thereon, and all interest due for the same, together with such charges for the warehouse-room of the goods or chattels pawned, as shall be agreed on at the time or the pawning of such goods and chattels y and the person who took such gobds or chattels in pawn, his executors, administrators or assigns, shall thereupon neglect or refuse to deliver back the goods or chattels so pawned, for any sum or sums of money not exceeding the said principal sum of ten pounds, to the person or persons who borrowed the money thereon, his, her or their executors, administrators or assigns; then and in any, such cafo

complaint of on bath, or (if the person or persons be, of the people called pawnbroker -

Goods pawn ed fora sum

recovered within t years

Justite, on

1757.] Anno ctriciflii»c*oRGii II. c. 44; tit

; ^/rrj)on solemn affirmation thereof made by the pawner of refuting to de-pawners thereof his, her or their executors, administrators or I*1*1* g00^ assigns, or Tome other credible person, any justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, liberty or place, parties j whore the person or persons who took such pawn as aforesaid, his executors, administrators or assigns, shall dwell on the application of the borrower or borrowers, his, her or their executors, administrators or assigns, is and are hereby required to cause such person or persons who took such pawn, his, her or their executors, administrators or assigns, within the jurisdic-tkm of the justice or justices, to come before such justice or ju-ftioes; and such justice or justices is and are hereby authorized and required to examine on oath, or solemn affirmation, as the case may require, the parties themselves, and such other credible persons as shall appear before him or them, touching the premises; and if tender of the principal money due, and all ?nd proofb*-imereft thereof, together with charges for# warehouse-room, and

as aforesaid, shall be proved by oath or affirmation, as aforesaid, payment of to have been made, such principal money not exceeding the said the principal, sum of ten pounds, to the lender or lenders thereof, his, her interaft and or their executors, administrators or assigns, by the borrower i

or borrowers of such principal money, his, her or their executors, administrators or assigns, within the said (pace of two years after or tender be. the said pawning or pledging of the goods or chattels, then on ing then also payment by the borrower or borrowers, his, her or their exe- made, and cutort, administrators or assigns, of such principal money, and rc u c*the interest due thereon, together with such charges for ware-house-room of the goods or chattels so pawned or pledged as aforesaid, to the lender or lenders, his, her or their executors* administrators or assigns $ and in case the lender or lenders, his, Justice to her or their executors, administrators or assigns, shall refiife to make an order accept thereof, on tender thereof to him, her or them made, detivery by the borrower or borrowers thereof, his, her or their execu- of the goods, tors, administrators or assigns, before any such justice or justices, such justice or justices shall thereupon, by order under his hand, or their hands, drredtthe goods or chattels so pawned, forthwith to be delivered up to the pawner or pawners thereof, his, her or their executors, administrators or assigns: and if the person or persons on rcfufa]^who shall have lent any principal sum or Turns of money, not commit the exceeding in the whole the said sum of ten pounds, on any pawnbroker goods or chattels pawned, his, her or their executors, admini- till satisfactioit strators or assigns, shall neglect or refiife to deliver up.or makebcxna c* satisfaction for the goods or chattels, which shall be proved to the satisfaction of such justice or justices as aforesaid, to have been so pawned, as any such justice or justices of the peade, as aforesaid, shall order and direct, then any such justice or justices shall, and is and are hereby authorized and required to commit the party or parties so refusing to deliver up or make satisfaction for the same, to the house of porrection, or some other publick prison of the county, riding, division, city or place,

wherein the offender or offender* shall rflfidc* pr be convicted;

therp

ill Anno tricesimo Geq&gu IL c. 24. [1757.

there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he, (be pr they, shall deliver up the goods or chattels so pawned, and continuing redeemable, as aforesaid, according to the order of such laid justice or justices, or make satisfaction or compensation for the value thereof, to the party or parties intitled to the redemption of such goods or chattels so pawned, and continuing redeemable as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any pawn or pledge ef goods or chattels, of what kind soever, made by or for the proprietor or proprietors thereof, shall remain unredeemed for the space of two years, then every such pawn or pledge shall -be forfeited; and it shall and may be lawful to and for every such person or persons, to whom such gopdp or chattels have been pawned or pledged, to sell the same; any law, Statute, custom or usage, to the contrary thereof notwith-

Overphifitobe (landing; subject nevertheless to account fot the overplus, if accounted for any dla|j bCj of produce of all such goods or chattels which have been pledged for two pounds and upwards, as by this a# is directed.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the atj-Entry to be thority aforesaid, That every person or persons to whom any made of sale goods or chattels shall have been pawned or pledged, shall from

t'mc to'me cntcr 'n a b°°b or books to be kept for that pur* Sor^w^ds. P05* a tru€ aiM* 3^ account the sale of all goods and chat-F tels pawned to him, her or them, for two pounds, or upwards, which shall be ibid by any such person or persons, expressing the day when, the money for which, and the name and place of abode of the person to whom, such goods or effects pawned were fold; and in case any such goods or effects shall be sold for OreroltM arts- more than the principal money, with intetest, and the charge of foie, to be paid warehouse-room, as aforesaid, due thereon at the time of such on demand, t^-iale, the overplus shall by every such perfortor persons be paid.on t^c owner j decnandtothe personbyoronwhofeaccount such goods orchattefc.were pawned, his, herortheirexecutors, administrators or assigns j and inch person or persons who pawned or pledged such goods or chattels, his, her or their executors, administrators or assigns, dhall, for his, her or their satisfaction in this.matter, be permitted to insped the entry to be made as aforesaid of every such sale, paying for such inspection the sum of one penny, and no On refusal of more*an^m Ca^ any Per^n or persons shall refuse to permit inspection, any such person or persons, who pawned or pledged such goods or chattels, to infoed such entry as aforesaid in any such book or books, such person or persons, if an executor or executors, administrator or administrators, or assignee or afligoees, at such time, producing his, her or their letters testaipentary, letters of or fht goodsdministration or assignment 5 or in case the goods or effects being iold for were fold for more than the sum entered in any such book or more than en-- books $ or if any such person or persons shall not make such entered, &c.*try, or shall not have fona side fold the goods or chattels pawn-

ed for-rite bed price that he, she or they jnight have reasonaty, had or got-foMh^some, without his, -her or their.wilfoldefejultj

Good* remaining unredeemed for % years, are forfeited, and may be sold;

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 24.

or shall refuse to pay such overplus, for the same, without his, her or their wilful default, or shall refuse to pay such overplus, Upon demand, lo the pawner or pawners, his, her or their executors, ad-mi nistrators or assigns; he or they producing such their letters tef-amentary, letters oiadministrationor assignment, every such person or persons so offending shall for every such offence forfeit treble Pawnbroker the value of such goods and chattels to the person or persons by b?c the value!* Whom, or on whose account, such goods or chattels were pawned, his, her or their executors, administrators or assigns, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majestjr's courts of record at Westminster.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no fee or gratuity whatsoever shall be Sumraonfet had, taken or received, for any summons or summonses, war-0 be^ued* rant or warrants, granted by any justice or justices of the peace, without fee, in pursuance of this act, so far as the same relates to goods and

chattels pawned, pledged, taken in exchange, or unlawfully disposed of.

XIV. And whereas the occupiers of many licensed publick houses, and of other houses wherein wines and liquors are fold, frequently suffer gaming the rein, and journeyman, labourerj, servants and apprentices, by means of such gaming the rein, not only miff pend their

time> but are often reduced to poverty and great dislrefs; be it there- Publicans fore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and permitting after the said twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven journeymen, hundred and fifty seven, if any person or persons licensed to fell any forts of liquors, or who shall fell, or suffer the same to be m fold, in his, her or their house or houses, or in any outhouses, v ground or apartments thereto belonging, shall knowingly suffer any gaming with cards, dice, draughts, shuffle boards, miffifiip-pi or billiard tables, (kittles, nine pins, or with any other implement of gaming, in his, her or their houses, outhouses. ground or apartments thereto belonging, by any such journeymen, labourers, servants or apprentices: and shall be convicted of the said offence on their own confession, or on the oaths of one or more credible witness or toitnesses, befofe any justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, within six days after any such offence shall be committed, he, she or they so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the forfeit 40s* sum of forty shillings; and for every like offence which he, dihe pr they shall afterwards be convitfted of, before any such justice or justices of the peace, he, she or they so offending, shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds 5 all which sums of money, so for- fence' 10l. feited, shall be levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods to be levied and chattels, by warrant from the justice or justices before whom by dittrefr such offender or offenders shall be convicted 5 and which war- and Tale, rant every such justice or justices is and are hereby required and authorized to grant; and three fourths of all sums which shall be so forfeited shall, on the recovery thereof, be paid 10 the churchwardens of the parish in whiqh-the essence shall becotn-mited, for the use of the poor of such parish > and the other

*24 Anno tricesimo Georg*! II. 0. i % l f 1757.

fourth part thereof shall be paid to the person or jfcrfbns on whose information the party or parties offending shall have beta ctonvicted of the offence.

On com laint And* ^urt^cf enacted by the authority aforesaid, ot^oitrncvmen That from and after the said twenty ninth day of September one Jcc. gaming thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, if any journeyman, la-'in public*. bourer, apprentice or servant, shall game in any house, out-nT'ilvue Lb ground or apartments thereto belonging, wherein any

warrant for liquors shall be sold, and complaint thereof shall be made on apprehending oath before any justice or justices of the peace for the county, them, riding, division, city, liberty or place, where the offence shall have been committed, every such justice or justices shall ttoere- upon issue his or their warrant to some constable, tythingman,

head borough or other peace officer of the parish, precimft or place, wherein the offence shall be charged to have been Committed, or where the offender shall reside, to apprehend are! carry every such offender before some justice or justices of the peace acting for the county, riding, division, city, liberty or place, where the offence shall be committed, or where the of-who upon fender shall reside $ and if the person who shall be apprehended cony lotion, are shall be convicted of the said offence by the oath of one or more exc«d?ng2os. cre*c witness or witnesses, or on his own confession, every nor left than such offender shall forfeit any sum not exceeding twenty shilling^, 5s. nor less than five shillings, as the justice or justices before whom

any such offender or offenders shall be convicted shall think fit and order, every time he shall so offend, and be convicted as aforesaid; and one fourth of all such money so forfeited shall, on the conviction of any such offender or offenders, be paid to the person or persons on whose information the party or parties offending shall be convicted, and the other three fourths therC-- of shall be applied for the use of the poor of the parish whereirt, the offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the overseers of the poor of such parish for that purpose; and if the Party w ^all convicted of the offence last mentioned, shall Forfeiture, to not forthwith pay down the said sum so forfeited by him, any be commuted such justice or justices. shall, by warrant under his hana, to hard la- or their hands, commit every such offender to the house of correction, or some other prison, of the county, riding, division, city, liberty or place, in which he shall be apprehended; there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding the space of one month, or until he shall pay the sum of money so forfeited.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, comCfainr°to That it shall and may be lawful to and for any justice or justices Fifue^sVar- of the peace of any county, riding, division, city, liberty, town rw far bring- or place, and he ar>d they is and are hereby required, upon coming the of- plaint ihade to Jiim upon oath of any offence committed against fore this ^lthin th* ^atne county, riding, division, cipr, Jibef-

1 mw* ty, town or place, to issue his warrant for bringing before liidl, nr some other justice or justices of the peace of any county, riding, division, city, liberty, foWrt pr place, the person or persons

125

b7SJtl Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 24.

charged, Wftk ftjch offence, apd the justwe or justices before whom such person or persons shall be brought, is: hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the matter of every such complaint, and to proceed to judgment and conviction thereupon, as by this a & is directed j. and if it shall appear by oath of any credible person or persons, to the satisfaction of any such justice or justices, that any person or persons within the juris* diction of such justice or justices can give oroffer material evidence on behalf of thepcofecutor, against any offender.oroffenders against the true intent andmeaning of thi&act, or on behalf of the per- fbn accused, and who will not voluntarily appear before such justice or justices to be examined, and give his, her. or their evidence, concerning the premisses; every such justice or justices and may sum- is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his; or their mon witneiFe*. summons to convene every such person or persons within his or their jurisdiction before him or them, to be examined upon

oath concerning the premisses; and if any person so summon-sd shall neglect or refuse to appear on such summons, and no just excuse shall be offered for such neglect or refusal, then, (after proof by oath of such summons having been duly served upon him, her or them for that purpose) any such justide or justices is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their warrant to bring every such witness and witnesses, within his or their jurisdiction, before him or them 5 and on the appearance of any such witness before any such justice or justices, 1

any such justice or justices is and are hereby authorized and impowered to examine upon oath every such witness 5 and if any and if the such witness, on his or her appearance, or being brought before witness refuse* any such justice or justices, shall refuse to be examined on oath concerning the premisses, without offering any just cause for bec^mmitu^ such refusal, it shall be lawful for any such justice or justices, by to hard U. warrant under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, hour, to, commit every person so refuting to the publick, prison of the county, riding, division, city or place, in which the person or persons so refuting to be examined on oath, shall be brought before any such justice or justices, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, as any such justice or justices shall direct; and if, on such examination, any such ju- ^faterialit-ftice or justices shall deem the evidence of any such witness or ncis may be witnesses to be material, any such justice or justices may bind bound over to over any such witness, unless a same covert, or one under the Sl^e cadence age of twenty one years, by recognizance, in a reasonable pe- CqU^c a nalty, to appear and give evidence at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace, or sessions of Oyer and Terminer, as in such recognizance shall be mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, orders «ot That no persons? charged on oath with being guilty of any of to he adblt-the offences puaifhable by this a#, and which shall require bail, to bait,shall be admitted to bail before twenty four hours notice, it baSb^n^vea lqaft, shall be proved by oath to have been given in writing to to the profeputor, of the names and places of abode of the persons cutor, &c. 1 'PToppfed to he bail for any such offender or offenders, unless the

bail

Offender to be tried at the next session, lxnless the'court put off the trial.

Inhabitants sphere the offence is com jnitted, deemed competent witnesses.

Conviction to be drawn up in the following form i

Anno tricesimo GEdRmf H. C. 24} £1757J

bail offered shall be well known to the justice or and he

and they flfcatt approve of them 5 and every such offender and offenders who shall be bound over to the general quarter sessions of the peace, or gaol delivery of the county, city or town wherein the offence charged on him shall have been committed, to answer any fetch offences punishable by this act, shall be tried at such general quarter sessions of the peace, or sessions of

Sir and Termintr and gaol delivery which shall be held next er his, her or their bein£ apprehended, unless the court shall think fit to put off the trial on just cause made out to them.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all actions, suits, trials and other proceedings in pursuance of this act, or in relation to any matter or thing herein contained, any inhabitant of the parish, town or place, in which any offence or offences shall be committed* contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be admitted to give evidence, and shall be deemed a competent witness, notwithstanding his, her or their being an inhabitant or inhabitants of the parish, town or place wherein any such offence or offences shall have been committed.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justice or justices before whom any person shall be convicted, in manner prescribed by this act, shall cause such re-(pedive conviction to be drawn up in the form or to the effect following; that is to say.

Majesty's reign, A.B. is convicted before of his Majesty's jttftices of for the said county of or for the riding or

division of the said county of or for the

city, liberty or town of (as the case shall happen to be) for and the said

do adjudge.him or her to pay and forfeit for the same, the sum of

Given under and year aforesaid.

the day

and to be And the said justice or justices, before whom such conviction written on shall be had, shall cause the same so drawn up, in the form and trTnftnit- afQre^> to b* fairly written upon parchment, and transmitrtd ted to the to the next general quarter session or the peace to be held for the quarter fef- county, riding, division, city, town, liberty or place wherein Sons to be such conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the re-r"f/ cords of the said general or quarter sessions; and in case any

quarter-fef- Person or P^f0118 (* convicted, shall appeal from the judgment Sons to deter- of the said justice or justices, to the said general or quarter fef-mine appeals, fions, the justices in such general or quarter sessions are hereby

i. require

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 24^17

ttquir^'rf^irr receiving the Md conviction, drawn up in the

form afordntkf, to proceed* to the heating and determination of the matted of the said appeal, according to the directions of this

a#; any law or usage1 so the Contrary notwithstanding. T, A v

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid^ Jonviaion not That no Certiorari shall be granted to remove any indictments removeable by conviChoti or other proceedings had thereon in pursuance of Certiorari, this act.

XXI. Provided always, and k it heffeby further enacted by Appeal may the authority aforesaid, That if any person convicted of any oh* he made to the fences punishable by this act, shall think him or herself aggrieved by the judgment of the justice or justices before whom u9 he or she shall have been convlisted, such persons shall have liberty to appeal to the justices at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace which shall be held for the county, riding, drvifiott, city, liberty, town or place, where such judgment (hadl have been given; and that the execution of the said judgment and execution, shall, in such casse, be suspended, the person so convicted enters respited, the fog into a recognizance at the time of such conviction, with two fafficient sureties, ih double the sum which such person shall cognizance to have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon conviction to prose- prosecute tbs' Cute such appeal with Effect, and to be forth coming, to abide appeal*, the judgment and determination of the justices in their said next general or quarter sessions; which recognizance the said justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had, is hereby;

impowered and required to take; and the justices in the said ge^ just*, ccs to dc* neral or quarter sessions are hereby authorized and required to termine the hear and finally determine the matter of the said appeal, and appeal, and to award such costs as to them shall appear just and reasonab.'e onYffirmation to be paid by either party; and if, upon the hearing of the said of the^udg-appeas, the judgment of the justice or justices before whom the mem, appcU appellant shall have been convicted, shall be affirmed, such ap>- lant to paypeilant shall immediately pay the fom which he or she shall have th* fine been adjudged to forfeit* together with such costs as the justices co g* in the said general or quarter sessions shall award to be paid, for defraying the expences sustained by the defendant or defendants in such appeal; or in default of making such payments, shall suffer the respective pains and penalties by this act inflicted upon persons respectively, who shall nfeglect to pay, or shall not pay the respective sums or forfeitures by this act to be paid by, or imposed upon, persons respectively, who shall be convicted by Virtue of this act.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Non5, tolbc^ That rio person, who, by virtue of this act, shall be punished ^ondthne tc* for any offence or offences by him, her or them committed, same of-Shall be punished for the same offence or offences, under any feuce. other law or Statute; and that if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance df* this act, 'the defendant or defendants in any such action or (bit, may plead the general issue, and give this act and Gtntr

*ho special matter in evidence, at any trial to he had thereupon, 'r

[Double costs.]

Clause l(i

commencing suit again It him*

128 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 24. [1757.

and that the same was done in parfuanct and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, or a verdict shall be recorded for the defendant or defendants: and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared t or if judgment shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover double costs, and have the like remedy for the tame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law, for recovery of his or their cods. viflu|C f^XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Statute made in the twenty fourth year of his present extended to Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the rendering the justices of justices acting the peace mere safe in the execution of their office and for indemnifying under this act. conjiaijiey anj a fling m obedience to their warrant, so far as

the said act relates to the rendering the justices more fest in the execution of their office, shall extend and be construed to extend to the justice or justices of the peace acting under the authority Notice to be or in execution of this act; and no action or suit shall be bad riven to peace Qr commenced against, or writ issued out, or copy of writ serv-

commencluPon any officer or officers, for any thing done in the

omm nemer execution^jg until in writing shall hast been

given to him or them, or left at his or their usual place of abode, by the attorney for the party commencing such action, or suing out or serving the copy of the said writ; which said notice in writing shall; contain the name and place of abode of the person who is to bring such action, together with the cause of action or complaint; and the name and place of abode of the said attorney shall be under-wrote or indorsed thereon; and any peace officer or officers shall be at liberty, and may by virtue of this act, at any time within fourteen days after such nptice, tender or cause to be tendered any sum or sums of money, as amends for the injuryx>mplained of, to the party complaining, or to the said attorney; and if the same is not accepted of, the defendant or defendants, in such action or actions, may plead such tender in bar of such action or actions, together with the general issue, or any other plea, with leave of the court; and if upon issue joined upon such tender, the jury shall find the amends tendered to have been sufficient, the said jury shall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants; and in such case, or if the plaintiff shall become non suit or discontinue his action, or if judgment shall be given for the defendant or defendants upoo demurrer, the defendant or defendants shall be intitled to his and their cods; and if the jury shall find that no such tender was made, or that the amends tendered were not sufficient, and also shall find against the defendant or defendants on such other plea or pleas by them pleacted, the said jury shall give a vcrdfel for the plaintiff, and such damages as they shall think proper, for which the plaintiff shall have judgment, together with his, her or their full colls.

Tender of amends may be made by him.

and pleaded in bar of the action.

If none, or insufficient tender has been made, plain, tise uboa a verdict, to recover.

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. i$. 1I9

CAP. XXV.

An act for the better ordering of the militia forces in the several counties of that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS a well ordered and well-disciplined militia is effcmally necessary to the fofety % peace and prosper'tty of this kingdom: and whereas the laws now in being for the regulation of The King to the militia are defective and ineffectual; be it enacted by the issue forth let-King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con -fcntofthdords spiritual and temporal add commons in parliament respective affirm bled. That from and after the first day of May one thousand fe- counties# ven hundred and fifty seven, his Majesty, his heirs and successors* may and shall issue forth commissions of lieutenancy for the respective counties, ridings andplaces herein after mentioned; and the respective lieutenants thereby appointed shall have ^he lieute-power and authority to caH together all such persons, and to arm n^ntsroaflem-and array them at such times and in such manner as is herein ble and arm after erprefied; and such respetfbve lieutenants shall from time the militia, to time constitute and appoint such persons as they shall think fit, qualified as is herein after directed, and living within their respective counties, ridings and places, to be their deputy lieutenants; the names of such persons having been first presented to and approved by his Majesty, his heirs or successors; and shall give commission* to a proper number of colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors and other officers, also qualified as is herein af-terdiraStoed to tram and discipline the persons so to be armed and arrayed^ according to the rules, orders and directions herein after provided; and shall certify to his Majesty, his heirs and succesioft, the names of such commission officers* within one month after they shall be so appointed, and shall have accepted their respective commissions.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained" shall be construed to vacate any commission of lieu- Coroauftonsof tenancy already granted by his Majesty, nor any deputations heutenancyand granted to deputy lieutenant* 5 but that the same mall continue in fall force and vigour for the purpose of this act, so as the ed tostand said deputy lieutenants be qualified as is herein after directed, good.

III. And be it enacted, llut his Majesty's lieutenant of every cdunty, riding or place shall have the chief command of the ^1cutcJanff. militia thereof, which shall be raised by virtue of this act; 'and commando? in every county, riding or place in England and Wales (except the militia, as is herein after excepted) there (halt be appointed twenty or Number of de-more deputy lieutenants, if so many persons, qualified as is herein Puty I, cmc'K before and after expsessed, can be therein found 5 and if twenty ^nty?* persons so qualified cairfiot be therein found, then there shall be appointed so many persons as can be therein found 5 and each person so to be appointed a deputy lieutenant or colonel,

shall

<39. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 45; [1757.-

Deputy lieut t-Shall be seised or possessed, either in law or equity, for his own

nant or co^ use an(j benefit, in posseflionof a freehold, copyhold or customary

Captain 100l. per annum,

Lieutenant jool. per annum.

400l. per'ann. estate for life, or for some greater estate, or of an estate for some or be heir to long term of years, determinable on one or more life or livet, Sool. per ann. in manors, messuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments ia England, Wales 6t the town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the yearly value of four hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall be in like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of eight hundred Lieutenant co- pounds; and each person so to be appointed a lieutenant colonel lohei or major or major, shall W, in like manner, seised or possessed of a Spol.per ann. like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of six hundred pouj^ds; and each person so to be appointed a captain, shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall be, in like manner, seised or posse&d of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of four hundred pounds, or shall be a younger fan of some person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was in like manner seised Qr possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of six hundred pounds; and that each person so to be appointed a lieutenant, shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, or shall be son of some person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was in like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds j and each person so to be appointed an enflgn, shall be, in like manner, seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, or shall be son of some person who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was in like manner seised or possessed of alike estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds; One moiety of one moiety of which said estates, required as qualifications for the effrtes to each deputy lieutenant, colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, be fcithta the tain, lieutenant and enflgn respectively, shall be situate or arising ^n^[or within such respective. county or riding in which he shall be so J&e*appointed to serve.

What 'shall he

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That for the purposes deemed equal of the respective qualifications required by this act, the immediate to an estate reversion or remainder of and in manors, messuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments which are leased for one, two or three life or lives, or for any term of years determinable upon the^leath of one, two or three life or lives on reserved rents, and which are to the lessee or lessees of the clear yearly value of three hundred pounds, shall be deemed equal to an estate herein before described as a qualification of the yeaxly value of one hundred pounds, and so in proportion, be the said qualifications of a greater or less degree; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ensign 50l. per annum.

of 100l.

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25. 131 t

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any officer may Officer* may be promoted on account of merit in the said militia, when called^ex^Iwrdi out and assembled, in case of actual invasion, or upon imminent I^ryo'ccasion#, danger thereof, or in case of rebellion, by the lieutenant of any on account of county, riding or place, from a lower to an higher commission, merit, inclunve of that or lieutenant colonel, notwithstanding he Should

not have the qualifications requisite for his first admittance into such higher rank of the militia.

VI. Provided, That nb person, not having the qualification but none high-

herein before directed for a captain, shall be promoted to ah er than cap-higher rank than that of captain. v tains, who

VII. Provided also, That the qualifications above recited, to wanta quaik

enable any person to be a deputy lieutenant, lieutenant colonel, rank?1 major, captain, lieutenant or ensign, shall not extend to such Recited quali-commissions as shall be granted by his Majesty's constable of the cations not to tower^or lieutenant of the tower hamlets. extend to the

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That his Majesty, hinders^t0WCf his heirs and successors shall from time to time, as he and they Deputy lieute-Shall think fit, signify his and their pleasure to his and their nants and offi-lieutenants of any county, riding or place, to displace all or any may* such deputy lieutenants and officers 5 and thereupon his Majesty's respective lieutenants shall appoint others within the same county, pleasure.*riding or place, under the like qualifications, to serve in their stead.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every deputy Their qualifi-iieutenant and commission officer in the militia shall, within fix cations to be months next after he shall have accepted his commission, leave deVlTof the with the clerk of the peace of the county, riding or place, in and pcacc> and ft. for which he shall be so appointed, his qualification in writing, ed.

signed by himself; and such clerk of the peace is hereby required

tb enter the same upon a roll to be kept for that purpose; and every deputy lieutenant and commission officer shall, at some general quarter sessions holden for the county, riding or place for which he shall be so appointed, or in one of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster^ within six months after he shall have accepted his commission, take the oaths appointed to be T,

taken in and by an act passed in the first year of the reign of his tai^he oaths,

late majesty King George, intituled An act for the further security &c. appointed

of his Majesty's person and government; and the successon of the by 1G,. it.

crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, being protestants; and*

for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prinee of Wales, and Ins

open and secret abettors; and shall also make, repeat and subscribe the declaration in the said act mentioned.

X. And be it enacted, That if any person shall execute any 10ol. pemltv

of the powers hereby conferred on deputy lieutenants, colonels, on deputy lieu-lieutenant colonels or majors (not being qualified as aforesaid) an

or shall not, within the time herein before limited, deliver in jegreeof capv such qualification, and take the oaths, and make, repeat and tains; ^subscribe the declaration aforesaid, every such person shall (or*

feit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds; and if any person

shall execute any of the powers hereby conferred on captains,

K 2 lieu- ,

V*

*32 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25; 1*757-

chains'and l*cqtenan*s or enGgns (not being qualified'as aforesaid) and shall those under, not» Wlthm the time herein before limited, deliver in such quali-aftingif not k fication, and take the oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the qualified, &c. declaration aforesaid, every such person shall forfeit and pay the Turn of one hundred pounds; such several penalties to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, wager of law or protection, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; one moiety whereof shall go to the use of the person who shall sue for the Fame, and the other moiety to the uses herein after directed.

Peers exerout- always, and be it enacted, That nothing in

ed serving} ^1S act contained (half extend, or be deemed or construed to but they and extend to oblige any peer of this realm to serve in the militia their heirs apperforially, or by substitute 5 or to retrain his Majesty's lieu-, anointed'cleftenant °* any county, riding or place fronj appointing any peer puty fieute- " of this realm, or heir apparent of any such peer, to be a deputy nants or com- lieutenant or commission officer in the militia within the county, nuffion officers, riding or place where such peer or heir apparent of such peer shall respectively have some place of residence j or to oblige any peer of this realm, or heir apparent of such peer (so appointed a deputy lieutenant or commission officer respectively; to leave with the clerk of the peace for the county, riding or place for which he shall be so appointed, any qualification in writing as aforesaid; but it shall be lawful for every peer of this realm, or heir apparent of such peer so appointed, and taking the oaths, and making, repeating and subscribin^ the declaration aforesaid, to act as a deputy lieutenant or commission officer respectively, although he shall not be seised or possessed of any such estate in manors, messuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, as is required by this adlj any thing herein contained to the contrary not with (landing.

A commission

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the acceptance docs not vacate of a commission in the militia shall not vacate the feat of any a feat in par- member returned to serve in parliament.

Attend of

XI1L And be it enacted, That his Majesty's lieutenant, years, such a together with three or more deputy lieutenants of any county, number of of- riding or place, and on the death, or in the absence or his Ma-hedif- jesty's lieutenant, any five or more of them shall, ar the end of c arged. every four years, at their annual meeting, discharge such inumber of the officers of the militia (not exceeding one field officer of each regiment or battalion, and one third part of the whole number of officers of each inferior rank respedUvety) as shall be equal to the number of persons who shall be fit and wiliing to serve as officers in the militia of such county, riding or place, and shall be duly qualified for such ranks according to the dire^oos of this act; and such lieutenant shall appoint such persons to.serve as officers in the room of the officers so discharged as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it enacted, That his Majesty, his heirs and successors may and shall appoint one proper person, wfio shall 6 v have

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25. 133

have served, or shall, at the time of such appointment, actually Adjutant from serve in some of his Majesty's other forces, to be an adjutant to lhcK, gg s for each regiment or battalion of militia in each county, riding or ^jnt^to* place respectively; and such adjutant shal), 'during his service each regiment* in the said militia, preserve his rank in the army in the same manner as if he had continued in that service; and his Majesty, his heirs and successors may and shall also appoint, according to Serjeants to be the proportion of one serjeant to twenty private men, two or appointed out more proper persons to be serjeants to every combany in the of the army'said militia, out of and from his Majesty's other forces, such persons having served in the said forces for the space of three years next preceding their appointment to be serjeants as aforesaid, or may appoint such other persons to be serjeants as aforesaid, as have formerly served for the space of three years in his Majesty's said forces j and the service in the militia of such persons fa! and to be inti-appointed out of his Majesty's said forces, shall intitle them to tied to Chelsea the benefit of Chelsea hospital, in the same manner as if they had hospital. continued to serve in the said forces $ and every person appointed ^iiSS^rom to be a serjeant as aforesaid, out of the pensioners on the estab!i(h- thence, to be ment of Chelsea hospital, shall be intitled to be put again upon re-admitted, the said eftaDlishment after he shall be discharged from the fen-vice of the militia, provided he brings a certificate of his good behaviour, under the hand of the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment or battalion in which he shall have served as aforesaid.

XV. And be it enacted, That no person who shall keep any Ale-house-

house of publick entertainment, or who shall fell any ale, wine, keeper*, &c. brandy or other spirituous liquors by retail, shall be capable of disqualified being or continuing a serjeant in the militia. £r0.m bJ, n?

XVI. And be it enacted, That the number of private men {Suiter of tote raised by virtue of this aeft, in that part of Great Britain, private men called England, the dominion of Wales and town of Berwick to be raised in upon Tweed (exdufwe of the places herein after excepted) each county, shall be

For the county of Bedford, four hundred.

For the county of Beris9 five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Bucks, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Cambridge, four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Chester, with the city and county of the city of Chester, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Cornwall, six hundred and forty.

For the county of Cumberland, three hundred and twenty.

For the county of Derby, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city of Exeter, one thousand six hundred.

For the county of Dorset, with the town and county of the town of Poole, six hundred and forty.

For the county of Durham, four hundred.

For the county of Essex, nine hundred and sixty.

For the County of Gloucester, with the city and county of the

K 3 city

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25. [1757.

city of Gloucester, and the city and county of the city of Bristol, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Hereford, four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Hertford, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Huntingdon, three hundred and twenty. For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city of Canterbury, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Lancaster, eight hundred.

For the county of Leicester, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the dtyof Lincoln, one thousand two hundred.

For the tower division in the county of Middlesex, commonly called the Tower Hamlets one thousand one hundred and sixty.

And for the red of the county of Middlesex, one thousand six hundred.

For the county of Monmouth, two hundred and forty.

For the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of the city of Norwich, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Northampton, six hundred and forty.

For the county of Northumberland, with the town and county of the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the town of Berwick, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Nottingham, with the town and county of the town of Nottingham, four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Oxford, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Rutland, one hundred and twenty.

For the county of Salop, six hundred and forty.

For the county of Somerset, eight hundred and forty.

For the county of Southampton, with the town and county of the town of Southampton, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Stafford, with the city and county of the city of Litchfield, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Suffolk, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Surry, eight hundred.

For the county of Sussex, eight hundred.

For the county of Warwick, with the city and county of the city of Coventry, six hundred and forty.

For the county of Westmoreland, two hundred and forty.

For the county of Worcester, with the city and county of the city of Worcester, five hundred and sixty. x

For the county of Wilts, eight hundred.

For the west riding of the county of York, with the city and county of the city of York, one thousand two hundred and forty.

For the north riding of the said county, seven hundred and twenty.

And for the east riding of the said county, with the town and county of the town of Kingtlon upon Hull, four hundred.

For the county of Anglesea, eighty.

For the county of Brecknock, one hundred and sixty.

For the county of Cardigan, one hundred and twenty.

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25. 1^5

For the county of Catrmartbtn, with the county borough of Coermarthen* two hundred.

For the county of Carnarvon* eighty.

For the county of Denbigh* two hundred and eighty.

For the county of Flint* one hundred and twenty.

For the county of Glamorgan* three hundred and fifty.

For the county of Merioneth* eighty.

For the county of Montgomery, two hundred and forty.

For the county of Pembroke* with the town and county of the town of Haver ford West* one hundred and sixty.

For the county of Radnor* one hundred and twenty.

XVII. Provided* That there shall not be more than three Three officer*

commission officers (that is to say) one captain* one lieutenant, to 80

and one ensign, to eighty private men*and so in proportion, prlva c m*n# as near as may be* to any greater or lesser number or private men.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if his Ma- Where too jetty's lieutenant of any county, riding or place, shall think that, arS? a Pj*-too large a proportion of private men is by this act dueled to JXXTthe be raised for such county, riding or place, it shall be lawful for privy council his Majesty's privy council, upon application made to them by 1* to regulate any such lieutenant, to fix as near as may be, the number of the private men, which shall be furnished from the lift of that county* riding or place so complaining, by the proportion which the whole number returned in all the lifts bears to the whole number of the militia by this act directed to be raised; all which lifts his Majesty's lieutenants of each county, riding or place respectively, are hereby required to transmit to his Majesty's privy council.

XIX. And be it enacted, That his Majesty's lieutenants, to- Lieutenants gather with any two or more deputy lieutenants, and on the and dePuty death or removal, or in the absence of his Majesty's lieutenants, mcc^annually the deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, shall meet or oftener. Once in every year at some city or principal town of the county,

riding or place for which they shall be commissioned* or oftener, if they shall think fit, there to concert such measures as shall be most conducive to the faithful execution of this act 5 the first of First meeting which meetings for the year one thousand seven hundred and*0* ona fifty seven shall be on the twelfth day of July* and for every susbequent°r subsequent year on the first Tuesday in June; and shall at their year*4on first first meeting, issue out their orders to the chief constable, and Tuesday in where there is no chief constable* to some other officer of the June# several hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, ot other divisions Orden to be within their respective counties, ridings or places* to return to then issued to them upon a day, and at a place therein to be mentioned* reC#

and true lifts in writing of all men usually, and at that time, of ajf dwelling within their respective hundreds, rapes* laths, wapen- men, between takes, or other divisions, between the ages of eighteen and fifty the ages of 18 years (all peers of this realm; all persons who shall serve or aand° year6* as deputy lieutenants, or commission officers in the militia; all Persona ex-

K4 persons cepted.

i$6

Chief constables to order die parish officers to make such returns.

Copy to be affixed on the door of the church, the Sunday before the return is made. Lieutenants and deputy lieutenants to meet and appoint the number of men to serve.

Deputy lieutenants to sub-divide, and meet in their subdivisions vrithjn a month i

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c.

[1757.

persons actually serving as coraimffion officers in any regiment, troop or company in his Majesty's other forces, or in any of his Majesty's castles or forts; all pmons being members ot either of the universities, clergymen, teachers and preachers of separate congregations, constables, and other peace officers, and pari (h officers; articled clerks, apprentices, seamen and sea-faring men excepted) distinguishing the numbers in each parish, tything or place, and which of the persons so returned labour under any infirmities incapacitating them from serving as militia men; for which purpose such chief constables, or other officers, and every of them, are hereby authorized and required, by order under their hands, to require the constable, tythingman, head-borough, or other officer of each parish, tything or place within their respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, to return to them upon a day, and at a place in such order to be mentioned, fair and true lifts in writing of all such men as aforesaid, usually and at that time dwelling within their respective parUhes, tythings or places, with the distinctions before described, having Em affixed a true copy thereof on the door of the church or chapel belonging to such parish, tything or place; and if any place, being extra parochial, shall have no church or chapel belonging the reto^ on the door of tire church or chapel of some parish or place thereunto adjoining,; on the Sunday morning before they shall make such return; and his Majesty's lieutenants, together with any two or more deputy lieutenants, or in the absence of his Majesty's said lieutenant, any three or more deputy lieutenants, shall on the day, and at the place on which they shall have so ordered such lifts to be returned, meet and appoint what number of persons in each respective hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other division as aforesaid, shall serve in the said militia, towards raising the number of militia men hereby ordered and directed to be raised for such respective county, riding or place, in proportion to the whole number contained in such lifts; and the said deputy lieutenants shall afterwards subdivide themselves; and any three or more deputy lieutenants, or in case three deputy lieutenants shall not meet, then any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace for such county, riding or (dace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two such justices of the peace, shall within one month after the said focond general meeting, meet within the respective subdivisions, ! at, a time and place to be appointed by the said deputy lieutenants, or one of them, and the said deputy lieutenants, or any bne or more of them, shall before such meeting iflfae out an order to the chief constables or(other officers of the respective hundreds, rapes, ! laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, to return upon, the day and at the place of meeting so appointed, true copiesthe lifts so by them returned, to his Majesty's said lieutenant, and the said deputy lieutenants, at their second general meeting as aforesaid»and the said deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or gny two deputy lieutenants,: together with any ono.

justice

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25. 137

justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace so assembled in the said subdivifi-ons, shall (after hearing any person who shall think himself aggrieved by having his name inserted in such lifts, or by any others bemgomitted) direct such lifts to be amended, and appoint what number of men in each respective parirti, tythingor number* place, shall serve in the said militia, in proportion to the whole of men to number contained in the lifts for such hundreds, rapes, laths, serve, wapentakes, or other divisions, as aforesaid; and shall immedi-t they are to atety cause them to be chosen by lot out of the whole number cause them to of men liable to serve for each respective pa>i(h, tything or place; j* chosea by and the said deputy lieutenants, or any one or more of them, ot*

shall appoint another meeting to be held within three weeks in the same subdivision, and shall issue out an order to the chief Anothermeet-constables or other officers of the respective hundreds, rapes, ing within laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, to direct the constable, lllrec we*f9 tythingman, headborough or other officer of each parish, tyth- he*0*

ing or place, to give notice to every man so chosen to serve in persons cho-the militia, to appear at such meeting; which notice shall be fen to attend; given or left at his place of abode at least seven days before such meeting) and every person so chosen by lot, shall upon such wh0arc th€0r notice appear at such meeting, and there take the oaths directed to take the to be taken, and make, repeat and subscribe the declaration oaths, &c. ac-mentioned in and by the said act passed in the first year of his late majesty King George; which oaths and decla-^/

ration any one deputy lieutenant is hereby authorized then and are to be and there to administer; and shall be inrolled to serve in the Enrolled toL v militia Of such respective county, riding or place, as a private ^Yt^i^n^for militia man, for the space of three years, in a roll to be then three years, or and there prepared for that purpose, or shall provide a fit person provide fit\ (to be approved by the said deputy lieutenants, or any three or substitutes. more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace then met) to serve as his sub- ,

stitute; which substitute so provided and approved, shall take the said oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the said declara* tien, and sign his content on the said roll, to serve as his substitute during the said term; and if any person so chosen by lot to persons refe* serve in the said militia (not being one of the people called sing to ferto, hn) shall refuse or neglect to take the oaths, and make, repeat forfeit 10V and subscribe the declaration aforesaid, and to serve in the said militia, or to provide a substitute to be approved as aforesaid, who shall take the oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the (kid declaration, and sign his consent to serve as his substitute 5 andattheend every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, of three years and at the end of three years be appointed to serve again. are liable to.XX. And be it enacted, That the said deputy lieutenants, or Dot*1ieu-any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants, to- tenants tcT*" get her with any one justice of the peace, or any pne deputy meet occasio-lieuttnant, together with any two justices of the peace, shall nally, and an-pcft in the several sub-divjftons, from time to rime, as often as

fore Mishaeh

13. Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25. ' tf757*

"»to grant they shall think necessary, for the due execution of this act, and ^h^as^a^a 0nc meetings in every shall be on Tuesday in the week

right thereto* before Michaelmas day; and if any man serving in the said militia, being of the age of thirty five years or upwards, and having served two years in the militia, mall desire his discharge; or if any person whatsoever shall shew any just cause for his discharge; it may and shall be lawful for the said deputy lieute-tenants, or any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace, and to (ill up a* their annual meetings for the respevftive subdivisions, to by lot all va- discharge such person from serving in the said militia; and in the cancies. (lead of the persons so discharged, and aMo if there shall be any other vacancy by death, or otherwise, such deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants, together with anyonejustice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace, shall cause a like number of other persons to be chosen by lot out of the lifts of such parishes, tythings or places where such vacancies shall happen, unless the person by whom any such vacancy shall be made, served as a substitute; in which case the person for whom he served shall himself serve, or provide another substitute for the remainder of the three years unexpired from his Perionschosen having provided his first substitute; which persons so chosen, aretotaketheor substitutes so provided and approved as aforesaid, shall take*!"* Ued^oat^s> an<* ma^c> repeat and subscribe the said declara* UUP0*tien; and every person so chosen shall be inrolled, and every substitute so provided shall subscribe his consent to serve, and shall serve in the said militia for the space of three years, or for the remainder of the three years unexpired, subject to the directions, provisions and penalties fn this aeft contained.

Private man

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every militia changing his man shall, if he change the place of his abode, continue afluafly residence, to bound to serve in the militia of the parish, tything 01* place to lace he* ^hich he shall so have removed, until his three years fervkre moves to[ and completed j and if the quota to the militia of the parish,

to give previ- tything or place to which he shall so have removed, be full, he ©usnotice of shall, on the first vacancy, be inrolled to serve in the militia ^"mova, to thereof, until the whole term of three years actual service be lieuteium? completed; and every such militia man shall, before he change the place of his abode, give notice thereof to any three or more deputy lieutenants, or to any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or to any one deputy lieute-?- nant, together with any two justices of the peace, at same publick meeting, or to one deputy lieutenant, who shall give to such militia man a certificate of the time he shall have served in the militia of the respective parish, tything or place, from his inrollment to serve in the same; and if such certificate shall have been given by one deputy lieutenant only, such deputy lieutenant shall certify the same to the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace at their next meeting within such subdivisionj and if any

militia

1757.] Anno tricesimo GEORGII II. c. 25. tjg

militiaman so changing the place of his abode, shall no* give On negfeft of notice as aforesaid, such militia man so neglectinjr, and thereof Pving &ch convicted on oath before one or more justice or justices of the peace, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings; and if such offender shall refute immediately to pay such penalty, it shall be levied by distress and sale of his goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hand9 and seals of such justice or justices, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of such distress and sale. to such offender, upon whom such distress shall have been made as aforesaid; and for want of such distress, such justice or justices shall commit such offender to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for the space of one month.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said deputy lieutenants^ New lifts to or any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants, be ou5» together with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy " the deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace in the lieutenants at several subdivisions, shall yearly cause new lifts in the several their annual parishes, tythings or places within the same, to be made as is meetings! before directed, and to be returned to them at their said annual meetings in the several subdivisions 5 and shall in every third and every year appoint what number of persons shall serve for each parish, tything or place; and shall cause a sufficient number of persons ^cn to serve to be chosen by lot, in the room of such persons as shall have is to be ap-served three years, and of those who shall have been discharged, pointed, and which persons so chosen shall take the said oaths, make, repeat and subscribe the said declaration, and be implied in manner a-9foresaid, so that by rotation all persons not excepted by this act,

Irving in such parishes, tythings or places, may serve personally or by substitute, for the space of three years j and shall be subject to, and under the directions, provisionsand penalties in this act contained 5 and no militia man having served as a substitute, Kofubftttute shall by such service be excused from serving for himself, when to be excused he shall be chosen by lot as aforesaid; and the said deputy lieu- from femng tenants, or any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or any one ta^. deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace, transmitted ta shall transmit to his Majesty's lieutenant true copies of the said the lieute-rolls, within fourteen days after their respective meetings for thatnant* purpose; and if any chief constable, or other officer of any hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other division, or any constable, tyth- Constables or ingman, headborough, or other officer, of any parish, tything otheroflieera or place, shall refuse or neglect to return such lifts from time to time, or to comply with such orders and directions as he shall ^/, or from time to time receive from his Majesty's lieutenant, and the fraud, laid deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace, in pursuance of this act, or shall in making iiich return, be guilty of any fraud or wilful partiality, any three or more deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants, together

Pjivate man serving for himself is exempted from several duties and offices.

140 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25. [1757.

gethec with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace, are hereby im powered and required tokimprison in the common gaol of the may beirapri- respective county or place, such chief constable or other officer foriedforone of any hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other division; or nmth, or fin- such constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of any ceedinr tything or place; there to be kept without bail or main-

or under 40s. prize for the space of one month; or at their discretion, to fine such officer in any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor under forty shillings; such fine to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of any three or more deputy lieutenants, or of any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or of any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducing the charge of such distress and sale, to such officer upon whom such distress shall have been made as aforesaid.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no private man, personally serving for himself in the said militia, during the time of his serving as a militia man, shall be liable to do personally any highway duty, commonly called Statute work, or to serve as a peace officer or parish officer; nor shall such private man be liable to serve in any of his Majesty's land forces, by virtue of any alt for recruiting his Majesty's land forces, unless he shall consent thereto.

[None having

XXIV. Provided always, That no person having personally served three or by substitute served three years in the militia, shall be obliged to serve^gain 10 ^erve a8a'n> until by rotation it comes to his turn, botinrota*

XXV. And be it enacted, That every man having personally rion. served in the militia, when called out and assembled in case of

The same It- actual invasion, or upon imminent danger thereof, or in case of to'mamed* rcbUion, and being a married man, may set up and exercise any men, if called such trade as he is apt and able for, in any town or place within out in case* of the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, without any let, suit or publick dan- molestation, of any person or persons whatsoever, for or by traces0* reason of the using of such trade, as freely, and with the same provisions, and under the same regulations, and with the like exception in respect to the two universities of that part of Great Britain called England, as any mariner or soldier may do, by au aA passed in the twenty second year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act to enable such officers, mariners and soldiers, as have been in his Majesty's service since his acceffton to the throne, to exercise trades.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if any person, being one of ehofen and re- the people called fakers, shall be chosen by Jot to serve in the fuse to serve, militia, and shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the declaration aforesaid, and to serve in the said militia, or to provide a substitute, to be appointed as aforesaid, who shall take the said oaths, make, repeat and subscribe the said declaration, and subscribe his consent to serve as the substitute of such Quaker $ then and in every such case,

any

u by ai Gee, 3, c. 44. is granted to mariner* or soldiers.

If a Quaker be

or provide a substitute.

17$f.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25* 141

any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants. Deputy lieu-

together with any one justice of the peace, or any on* deputy tcna?*s arct°

lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace, shall, ^d^evVthe

upon as reasonable terms as may be, provide and hire a fit per- expence by di*

son, who shall take the said oaths, make, repeat and subscribe ft refs and sole«

the said declaration, and subscribe his content to serve in the said militia for the space of three years, as the substituto of such Quaker', and any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace, are hereby impowered and required to levy by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such JQuaker, by warrant under the hands and feais of any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace, such sum or sums as shall be necessary to defray the expence of providing and hiring such person to serve in the said militia for the space of three years, as the substitute of such Quaker so refuting or neglecting as aforesaid, rendering the overplus, if any, after deducting the charges of such distress and sale, to such Quaker, upon whom such distress shall have IfoppreflWe

been made as aforesaid; and in case any measures shall be used fomak-

in making distress as aforesaid, which may be by any such ing ^5.

Quaker thought oppressive, it shall be lawful for such Quaker to ft refs, Quaker

complain thereof to the deputy lieutenants and justices of the*P°.n con|-

ppacc. at their next meeting, who are hereby impowered and re- ^reffed°*

quired to hear and finally determine the same.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That within one month after within one the said rolls are so returned from the deputy lieutenants, and month after justices of the peace as aforesaid, his Majesty's lieutenant, to- return of the getfier with any two or more deputy lieutenants, or in the ab- heu-

(ence of the said lieutenant, any three or moredeputy lieutenants deputy^heu-Shall meet together, and form and order the militia for their re- tenants are to

spective counties, ridings or places, into regiments, considing, meet, and where the number of militia men will admit the same, of twelve, but in no case ofless than seven companies, of forty men each ments1*10^at the Icast, of persons living as near to each other as conveni-9cntly c^n be; and shall port to each company proper officers and post pro. commissioned and qualified as aforesaid, and other proper non- per officers to commission officers; and the militia so formed and ordered shall each compa* be trained and exercised in manner following; that is to say. In J$*nner Of half companies on the first Monday in the months of March, and

April, May, June, July, August, September, and October, and in exercising the co/ppanies on the third Monday in the said months, ft each place militia, of exercise, or so many, pot amounting to half, companies or companies respectively, living within the distances herein after mentioned, as can be conveniently brought together; and in regiments or by battalions on the Tuesday, IVtdtufday, Thursday and Friday] n lVhittfun week, in every year, at places of exercise to be appointed within the respective counties, ridings, or places by Jus Majesty's lieutenant* together with any two or more deputy

Notice of the places of exercise is to be sent to the chief constables, &c.

14 % Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25. C1757'

lieutenants, or in the absence of the said lieutenant, by any three or more deputy lieutenants, as convenient with regard to the respective abodes of the militia men as may be, and so as such militia men may not be obliged to go above fix miles from home to perform such exercise in half companies or companies; and notice of the several places of exercise to which the militia men of each parish, tything or place are to resort, shall be sent to the chief constables, or other officers of the several hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, with directions to forward the same to the constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, t^h^arifoof-or ot^cr officers the several parishes, tythings or places with* ficerswho aren ther respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other to fix the same divisions; which constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or on the church other parish officers, shall cause such notice to be fixed on the doors, the doors of the churches or chapels belonging to their respective parishes, tythings or places; or if any place being extraparochial, shall have no church or chapel belonging thereto, on the door of the church or chapel of some parish, tything or place thereunto adjoining; and all such militia men shall duly attend A clerk, fer- on the days herein before mentioned, at the times and places of exercise so to be appointed 5 and his Majesty's lieutenant shall, from t*mc to time* OCC2^onhall require, appoint a clerk, and pointed to a a fajeant major out of the serjeants, and a drum major out each regi- of the drummers, to each regiment or battalion.

*"c.nt:

XXVIII. Provided always, That if the principal inhabitants

venient on ^c- "y P*nfli, town or place, or any five or more of them, shall count of fairs represent to the lieutenant, or any three or more deputy lieu-or markets tOi tenants, or any two deputy lieutenants, together with anyone exercise the justice of the peace, or to any one deputy lieutenant, together ?ayfet by this two justices of the peace, at any meeting in their sub-

division, in which such parish, town or place is situate, that it is upon account of fairs or markets inconvenient to exercise the militia men on the day appointed by this act, it shall be lawful for any three deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants, together with anyone justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieu^ any other day tenant, together with any two justices of the peace, to order in that week and direct the militia men within such parish, town or place, to be exercised upon any other day within that week, Sunday excepted.

XXIX. Provided also, That in any county, riding or place, where the number of men to be raised, shall not amount to (even companies, and therefore not be sufficient to form a re-

aft,

they may be exercised on

but Sunday.

Where the numbers are insufficient to

ed Thereto S*mcm» fi*ch companies shall be formed into a battalion, and be formed into shall he under the command of his Majesty's lieutenant of fudi a battalion, county, riding or place, and one field officer, one adjutant (who shall not be of higher rank in the army than a subaltern) one serjeant major, one drum major, and one clerk, shall be appointed for the battalion of militia of such county, riding or four days in P*acc > a°d the whole militia of such county, riding or place, Whitsun week shall on the Tut/day^ Wednesday, Thursdoy and Friday in Whitsun annually* week in every year, be trained and exercised in the same nanoer,

as

and are to be exercised for

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25. 14g

as regiments in other counties are by this ack directed to be brought together, trained and exercised.

XXX. Provided also, That where byreason of the distance Smallerbodies from the appointed place of exercise, a whole, company, or half ^"*obe company of militia men, cannot be got together, his Majesty's * lieutenant, together with any one or more deputy lieutenants, thought fit by or in the absence of his Majesty's lieutenant, any two or more the lieutenant* deputy lieutenants, shall order suchfma)lernumbers to be trained and exercised by such person or) peiioas, and in such place or places as they shall think fit.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That one commission officer in Cfcmmifioii

every company shall attend the exercise of his men, when in exl

companies or in half companies, as often as convenient, and ^ifc of com* shall then insped the date of their arms, clothes and accoutre- panics or h4f menrs, a report whereof he shall forthwith transmit in writing companies, to his Majesty's lieutenant, or to the commanding officer of the regiment or battalion.

XXXII. And be it eoaded. That the captain of each com- Captain to.pany of militia shall keep in his own custody, or leave and de*- J]£vc ' posit with the Several serjeants belonging to his company, or with ^jfand such person* as the said captain shall appoint for that purpose, dothe* &c.of the arms, clothes, and accoutrements provided for his company his company s of militia; and the churchwardens of every parish or place where an^!n*to- the said arms, clothes and accoutrements, are so deposited, or

one of them, is and are hereby required to provide, at the expence of such parish or place, a chest, in which such captain,

(erjeant, or other person so appointed as aforesaid, shall keep the said arms in some dry part of his house or dwelling, under lock, and key, and another chest, in which he shall keep under lock and key, the said clothes and accoutrements; and the serjeant, or such other person as shall be appointed to train and discipline tlje men. Is hereby required to take care, that after exercise every pailitiamao cleans and returns his arms, clothes and accoutrements, to his captain, or to such person as shall be appointed as aforesaid to receive the same.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it ensured, That his Ma- The King's jesty's lieutenant of any county, riding or place, or the colonel lieutenant* ec

of any regiment of militia, is hereby authorized, by warrant^ayfeiz^and under his hand and seal, to employ such person or persons as remove the he shall think fit, to seize and remove the arms, clothes and arms, See. accoutrements, belonging to the militia, whenever his Majesty's when necet-said lieutenant, or the said colonel, shall judge it necessary the peace of the kingdom, and to deliver the said arms, clothes puD* and accoutrements, into the custody of such person or persons 3* his Majesty's said lieutenant, or the said colonel, shall appoint to receive the same, for the purposes of this act.

yXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any serjeant, or any Person intnrfh-other person intruded by the captain with the custody of any with custo-arms, clothes or accoutrements, belonging to the militia, shall arm*. See. dedeliver out any such arms, clothes or accoutrements, unless foriiverbg out ejcerciling the men, or by the command of his superior officer, the Hunt, un-

cur by the order of any justice of the peace under his hand and for ?xcr- 1 1 J r

444 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 2$.

[1757.

proper com- seal, it may and shall be lawful for any two or more justices of c^mittecf for Peace to c01*11* such offender to the common gaol of the

6 months. °* county, riding or place, where the offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding six months.

No pav, arms,

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, kI vr h to That no Pay* arms, accoutrements or clothing, shall be i(Toed, adjutant or* an<* t^iat no atljutant or serjeants shall be appointed for the militia of any county, riding or place, till it shall appear by a return signed by his Majesty's lieutenant, or, in his absence, by three deputy lieutenants, that four fifths of the militia men of the said county, riding or place, have been chosen; and that

ierjeant to be appointed till fotir fifths of the men, and officers, have been appoint-four fifths of commission officers have been appointed; and

ed, &c.

Names of the men to be

that they have taken out their commissions and entered their qualifications.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the serjeant^ or such other person as shall be appointed to train and dHelpline the men, shall exerciseVer*at ov*r names of the militia men so appointed to be exercised; and within one week after every such exercise, shall certify in writing to some neighbouring justice of the peace, the names of the militia men absent from exercise, with the reafom

ent.

And the justice may fine such ablentce for the i ft of-, fence x s.

for thed offence 4s.

and a return made to a justice, of the

and offilch ast^lc*r a^nce> if known to him; and the said serjeant, or bedifobedi- other person appointed to train and discipline the men, shall also certify at the same time, if any of the said militia men be disobedient, or otherwise misbehave themselves; and such justice of the peace is hereby impowered and required, upon proof then made upon oath, to fine every such absent militia man, whose excuse he shall not allow of, for the first time of his being so absent, two shillings; and if such militia man shall refiife immediately to pay such fine, such militia man shall, by order of the said justice, be set in the docks for the space of one hour; and for the second offence, such militia man so convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay four shillings; and if, such militia man shall refuse immediately to pay such penalty, the justice of the peace before whom such militia man shall be foconvidled as aforesaid, shall by warrant commit such militia man to the for the 3d, and house of correction for the space of four days; and for the third Cfr °?Cr an<* every other offence, such militia man so convicted shall for-o ence s. an(j pay Shillings; and if such militia man shall refuse immediately to pay such penalty, the justice of the peace before whom such militia man shall be so convicted as aforesaid, (half, by warrant, commit such militia man to the house of correction for any time not exceeding one month, or until such penalty and if any mi- shall be paid; and if any militia man shall be drunk at the time litia man shall of his exercising, such militia man, being thereof convicted on Jmdut* he oat^ before some justice of the peace, shall forfeit and pay ten forfeits^!o9, shillings; and if such militia man shall refuse immediately to pay such penalty, such militia man shall be, by order of such if disobedient, justice, set in the (locks for one hour; and if any militia man for the tft of- shall be disobedient or insolent to his officer, and be convicted fence a*. 6d. thereof as aforesaid, such militia man shall, for the first offence,

ijsfJ] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25. 145

forfeit and pay two shillings and six pence; and if such militia man shall refuse immediately to pay such penalty, the justice of the peace before whom such militia man shall be lb convicted as aforesaid, shall* by warrant* commit such militia man to the house of correction for the space of four days; and for the fe- for the id cU

cond offence, such militia man so convicted as aforesaid, shall fence 5 s*

forfeit and pay live shillings; and if such militia man shall refuse immediately so pay such penalty, the justice of the peace before whom such militia man shall be lb convicted as aforesaid, shall, by warrant* commit such militia man to the house of correction for the space of (even days; and for the third and every other an(J for the -

offence such militia man so convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and every 0.

and pay forty shillings; and if such militia man shall refofe im- ther.offenct

mediately to pay such penalty, the justice of the peace before*

whom such militia man shall be so. convicted as aforesaid, dull,

by warrant, commit such militia man to the house of correction, for any time not less than fourteen days, nor exceeding one

atonal: and if any militia man (halt fell, pawn or lose, any of and if he fell, his arms, clothes or accoutrements, such militia man, being pawn, or kxe

thereof convicted in manner aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay a "j*rm#»

fam not exceeding; three pounds; and if such militia man shall^forteiuii.

refusekninediately to pay such penalty, the justice of the peace

before whom fuen militia man shall be so convicted as aforesaid, shall, by warrant, commit such militia man to the house of correction for the space of one month, and until satisfaction be made for the same; and if be shall not be of ability to make such satisfaction, then for the space of three months: and if any mi- if be neglect litia man shall refuse or neglect to return his arms, clothes and to return hit accoutrements, in good order, to his captain, or to such personrs» &c lie as-Shall be appointed as aforesaid to receive the same, on the ^eits 1' day of exercise, or the next day, such militia man, being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay two shillings and six pence; and if such militia man ihxll refuse immediately to pay such penalty, the justice of the pSace before whom such militia man shall be so convicted as aforesaid, shall, by warrant, commit such militia man to the house of correction for the space of seven days; and if any mi- and if he neg-litix man shall refuse or neglect to return his arm9, clothes and?rcIlJrn

accoutrements, in good order, to his captain, or to such person as shall be appointed as aforesaid to receive the same, on or whitsun before the Monday after Whilfun week, and be thereof convidCd week, 51. as aforesaid, such militia man shall forfeit and pay five shillings; and i£ such militia man shall refuse immediately to pay such penalty, the justice of the peace before whom such militia man shall be so convicted as aforesaid, shall, by warrant, commit such militia man to the house of correction for the space of four* teen days.

JCXaVH. And be it enacted, That if the ferjeanr or other jf the perfoa, person appointed by any captain of the militia, to receive and entrofted keep in his custody the arms, clothes and accoutrements, there- therewith, to belonging, shall refuse or negkd to complain within three

VpL. XXII. Lr days justice within

1146 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25.: [1757.

3days, of.days to lbme neighbouring justice of the peace of any militia any arms or man's not having returned his arms, clothes and accoutrements, being return- as rc directed, such serjeant or other person appointed as a-ed, 1 foresaid, being thereof convicted on oath before one of his Ma-bc forfeits «os. jetty's justices of the peace, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty shillings; which penalty, if the offender (Kail refuse immediately to pay the same, shall be levied by distress and £dc of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the justice of the peace before whom such offender shall be so convicted as aforesaid, rendering the overplus, if any, on demand, after deducing the charges of such distress and sale, to such offender, upon whom such distress shall have been made as aforesaid.

Noncommtf-

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any non-commission (ion officer or officer of the militia, or private militia man, shall be absent Pbfeatemah from aanuai meeting of the militia, to which he shall be-outiu&wuft l°n& without just cause shewn, such non-commission officer or from the an-private militia man, being thereof convicted upon oath, before Dual meeting, one or more justice or justices of the peace, shall forfeit and pay forfeits 10 s. ten shillings for each day of such absence; and if such non-oom-per cm. midion officer or private militia man, shall refuse immediately to pay such penalty, the justice or justices of the peace before whom such non-commission officer or private militia man shall be io convicted, shall, by warrant, commit fbek non-commaffioooofr ficer or private militia man to the house of correction for the space of one month.

Non»comfni£'

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any non-commission (ion'officer officer shall be negligent in his duty, or infoknt, or disobedient

en?insolent° ^ders of the adjutant, or other his faperior officer, and or disobedient) thereof convicted as aforesaid upon the oath of the adjutant,

forfeits any*or other superior officer, before one or more justice or juffioe* of sum not ex- the peace, such non-commission officer shall forfeit and pay any cceding 30 s. sum not exccecjing thirty shillings, at the discretion of fiacn justice or justices; and if such non-commission officer shall re* fuse immediately to pay such penalty, the justice or justices of the peace before whom such non-commission officer shall he so convicted as aforesaid, shall, by warrant, commit such noa-commission officer to the house of correction for the space of fonr-r teen days, and his Majesty's lieutenant may discharge such non-commission officer out of the militia, if he shall think fit.

If any person

XL. And be it enacted, That if any person shall knowingly

shall unlaw- and willingly buy, take in exchange, conceal or otherwise re-futty buy, ex- ceive, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, any c^or receive ara, s> clQthes or accoutrements, belonging to the militia, upon any of the*any account or pretence whatsoever, the person so offending, bc-arms or cloth- ing convicted thereof upon oath before one of more justice or ing, he for- justices of the peace, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence, eSe* 5f h* ^um ve Pout's > and if such offender shall refuse imme-bffence!10 diately to pay such penalty, the justice or justices of the peace before whom such offender shall be so convicted as aforesaid shall, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and fcaUj

1757.] Anno tricesiiAd Georgii II. c. 2$. £47

of such justice or justices, levy the same by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of such distress and sale, ' to such offender upon whom such distress shall have been made as aforesaid; and for want of such distress, shall commit such offender to the common gaol of the county, riding or place* where the offence shall have been committed, there: o remain, without bail or mainprize, for the space of three months, or shall Cause such offender to be publickly whipt, at the discretion of such justice or justices.

XLL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no officer of None liable to the militia, or private militia man, shall be liable to any penalty penalty for for or on account of his absence during the time he shall be go- 5*ur*

ing to vote at any election of a member to serve in parliament, oiling to* or daring the time he (half be returning from such election. vote fora

XLII. And be it enacted, That all the muskets delivered for member, or the iservice of the militia, shall be marked distinctly in some vi- u-

fibte place, with the letter M, and the name of the county, rid- ^arkeYwith ing or place, to which they belong. an (M) and

XLIII. And be it enacted, That the several serjeants shall the name of receive all their military orders, with respect to the training the county, &c. militia men under their care, from the adjutant, and their fu-revive orders perior officers; and are hereby required to report^ from time to from the ad-time, all crimes and misdemeanors of the several militia men jutaiit, See. under thiir command to their adjutant, or superior officers, or an<* J10 r*Port to some civil magistrate, as the case shall require. ^dc-c#

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all chief meanors of constables, petty constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and the men. other officers of hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, parishes, All conftaWes* fythings and places, within that part of Britain called^officer.,

England, and the dominion of fvalis> shall, and they are here- required to be by required to be aiding and assisting to the justices of the peace, assisting in ex* and to his Majesty's said respective lieutenants, and their depu- ecution of the ty lieutenants, and to any of them, and to all to whom any prcpH"e3, power or authority is by this act given, in the execution of the premises.

XLV. And be it enacted, That in case of acftual invasion, In carc of jn-or upon imminent danger thereof, or in case of rebellion, it may vafion or re. and shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors (the heilion, Uc. occasion being first communicated to parliament, if the parlia- the King may ment shall be then fitting, or declared in council, and notified ^[0 he^by proclamation, if no parliament shall be then fitting or in be- dpawnoutaa4 ing) to order and direct his lieutenants, and on their death or embodied, removal, or in their absence from their respective counties, ridings or places, any three or more deputy lieutenants, with all convenient speed* to draw out and embody all the regiments and battallions of militia of their respective counties, ridrngs or places, herein appointed to be raised and trained, or so many of them as his Majesty, his heirs, and successors shall in his or tff&r great wiftlom judge necessary, in such manner as shall be hfcft adapted to the circumstancCs of the danger hnd to put the

La said

14$ Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 15.

[17^7,

and put them said forces under the command of such general officers as his under the Majesty^ his heirs and successors shall be pleased to appoint over "of- them; and to direct them to be led by their respective officers ters, into any parts of this kingdom, for the suppression of such in-

and direct vafions and rebellions: and the said officers of the militia, and them to be led private militia men, shall, from the time of their being drawn al?P*5ts0[ out and embodied as aforesaid, and until they shall be returned thckingdom; again, by order of their commanding officers, to their respect-to receive* likeve Pari^cs or places of abode, remain under the command of pay as the such general officers, and shall be intitled to the same pay as the King's forces, officers and private men in his Majesty's other regiments of foot and their receive, and no other; and the officers of the militia (half, officers to have during such time as aforesaid, rank with the officers of his Ma-equal rank jesty's other forces of equal degree with them as the youngest with the of- Of their rank; and the officers of the tnilitia, and private mi-artny I" 1 C ^tia mcn* hereby, during such time as aforesaid, fufr-

and they are to jedted and made liable to all such articles of war, rules and re-

be fubie& to gulations, as shall be then by act of parliament in force, for the like rules and discipline and good government of any of his Majesty's forces ar ceso war; -n Qfiat £rjfaln- any thing herein contained to the-contrary notwithstanding; and when they shall be returned again to their respective parishes or places of abode, they shall be under the same orders and directions only, as they were before they were drawn out and embodied as aforesaid: and if any non-commission officer of the militia, or private militia man, shall be maimed or wounded in actual service, he shall be equally intitled to the benefit of Chelsea HofpltaU with any nOn-commission officer, or private soldier, belonging to his Majesty's other forces: and if any militia man so ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a militia man) shall not appear and march in pursuance of such order, every such militia man, being convicted thereof upon oath, before two or more justices of the peace, shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty pounds; and if such militia man shall refuse immediately to pay such penalty, the justices of the peace before whom such militia man shall be so convicted, shall, by warrant, commit such militia man to the common gaol of the county, riding or place, where he shall have been so convicted, there to remain without bail br main-prize for the space of twelve months, or until he shall have paid the penalty aforesaid.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if at any time (in case of actual invasion, or upon imminent danger thereof, or in case of rebellion) the parliament shall happen to be fepafated by such adjournment or prorogation as will not expire within fourteen tobefumtnon- days, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, cd to meet, &c. to jfl-ue a proclamation for the meeting of the parliament, upon such day as he or they shall thereby appoint, giving fourteen days notice of such appointment; and the parliament shall accordingly meet upon such day, and continue to fit and act in like

man*

and being maimed or wounded are equally intitled to CheU sea hospital.

Private men not appearing, or refuting to march according to such order forfeit 40l.

In catie of in-vation, or rebellion, the parliament is

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25. 149

manner to all intents and purpose?, as if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the same day.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That no officer serving in the Officers in the militia, when called out into actual service, shall fit in any court martial upon the trial of any officer or soldier serving in any his Majesty's other forces; nor shall any officer serving in any of minately on his Majesty's other forces, fit in any court-martial upon the trials for of-trial of any.officer or private man serving in the militia. fence* com-

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That it may and shall be law- ^ent ful for the mayors, bailiffs, constables, tythingmen, headbo- corps, roughs, and other chief magistrates, and officers of cities, Officer* and towns, parishes, tythings, villages and other places, within P"vat^ "Jf"* that part of Great Britain called England^ the dominion of Wales, ou^eir and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in their default or annual exer-absence, for any one justice of the peace inhabiting in or near cife, are to be any such city, town, ^parish, tything, village or place, and for quartered on no others, and they are hereby required to quarter and billet the &c# officers and private men serving in the militia, at the times when they shall be called out to their annual exercise, in inns, livery stables, ale-houses, victualling-houses, and all houses of persons felling brandy, strong waters, cyder or metheglin by retail.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That in case of actual invasion, in case of in-or upon imminent danger thereof, or in case of rebellion as afore- vafion, or re-said, it may and shall be lawful for any justice of the peace °^es "11 Ion any county, riding or place, being duly thereunto required by order* from* an order from his Majesty, or from his Majesty's lieutenant, or the King, or from any deputy lieutenant of the county, riding or place, or commanding from the colonel, or other chief commission officer upon the officer»^c* place, of any regiment, company or detachment of militia, to issue out his warrant under his hand, to the chief constables of carriage* for hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes or divisions, or to the con- the troops., stables, tythingmen, headboroughs or other officers of the pantiles, tythings or places, from, through, near, or to which, any such regiment or company of militia men, or any detachment or troop thereof, shall be ordered to march, requiring such chief constables, tythingmen, headboroughs or other officers, to make such provision for carriages of the arms, clothes, accoutrements, powder, match, bullets or other warlike materials, with able men to drive such carriages, as is and are mcn^ tioned in the said order; but in case such sufficient carriages and men cannot be provided within any such county, riding, hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, division, parish, tything or place, then the next justice or justices of the peace shall, upon such ordei* as aforesaid being shewn unto him or them, issue his or their warrant to the chief constables, constables, tythingmen, headboroughs or other such officers, of the next county, riding,

hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, division, parish, tything or place, for the purposes aforesaid, to make up such deficiency of carriage?; and such lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, colonel or Officer is to other clues commission officer upon the place, who, by virtue of

L3 the?ms«i

ijjp» Anno tricesimo GeoroiHI. o.if [1757.

the aforesaid warrant from the find jufiiee of the poiee^ ilnll deu xnand such carriages of such chief constable, constable, tything* man, headborough, or other officer, is and are hereby required at the same time to pay down in hand lathe said chief constable, constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, for the use of the person who shall provide fudi carriages and mco* the sum of one shilling for every mile any waggon with five horses shall travel; and the sum of one shilling for every mile any wain with fix oxen, or with four oxen and two horses shall travel; and the sum of nine pence for every mile any cart with for which a four horses shall travel; and so in proportion for carriages drawn receipt U to be by a less number of horses or oxen; for which respective fume given him, --

and the con-(lables are to order carriages to be furnished accordingly;

for day's journey;

Additional expences to be repaid out

so received, the said chief constable, constable, tythingman* headborough, or other officer, is hereby required to give a receipt in writing, to the person or persons paying the same; and such chief constable, constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, shall order and appoint such person or persons, having carriages within their respective hundreds, rapes, laths* wapentakes, parishes, tythings or places, as they shall think proper, to provide and fumish such carriages and men according to the warrant aforesaid; which persons so ordered, are hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly, for one day's journey, and no more; and in case the said elder constables, constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, shall be at any charges for such carriages over and above of the county what is so received by them of his Majesty's said lteutenantr stock. the said deputy lieutenant, colonel, or other chief officer as a*

foresaid, such overplus shall be borne by each county, riding or place, where such additional expence shall be incurred, and be repaid to them without fee or reward, by the treasurer of -each respective county, riding or place, out of the publick stock.

L. And be it enacted, That if any such chief constable, con-ConftaWes, stable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, shall wilfully &c. neglect- nessed or retufe to execute any such warrant of any justice of ing ther duty the peace 5 or if any person appointed by such chiet constable, ccc^ngAosf conble, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, topro-m>r less than vide or fornifti any such carriage and man, shall wilfully neglectos. or refuse to provide the same, every such offender shall forfeit

a sum not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than twenty shillings, to the use of the poor of the parish, tything or place, where such offence shall be committed, and every such offence ifhalhand may be heard and determined by two justices of the peace within the county, riding or place, where such offence^- shall be committed 5 which justices shall, by warrant under their hands and seals, cause the said penalty to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (If any) on demand, after deducing the charges of such distress and side, to such offender upon whom such distrefe shall have been made as aforesaid.

Jdiiuia. not

LI. Provided always, and be itemuSed, That neither this

lnhic co jw ad, nor any matter or thing herein contained, shall be deemed

1?57.] Anno tricesimo GsoRq^ II. o. a-5» 151

1 or cocftrocd tp extend to the gyving or declaring any power for marched out I the transporting any of the militia of this realm, or any way of the ! compelling them to march out of this kingdom. dom'

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenants lieutenants of the Several counties of Cumberland* Huntingdon, for Cumber* Mmmouth* We^moreiami and Rutland* and of every county and Jjmd, Hunting-place in the dominion of Walts* shall respectively have the chief wIa row and of the militia thereof, which shall he raised by virtue morefcutd, of this act; and in all the said counties of Cumberland* /&#/-Rutland and irtgdoa* Mmsmtb* Wefimoreknd and Rutland* and in every?

county and place within the dominion of /^i>irefpe£Uvely, there shall be five or more deputy lieutenants appointed (if so many the militia qualkied as herein after expressed can be therein found) and the there, dilates requisite for the qualification of the respective deputy Number of lieoaenants and officers of the militia therein, shall be as follows; that is to iiy. They shall be seised or possessed of such an estate as is in this act mentioned, as a qualification for a deputy lieutenant, colonel or other officer of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England* in the proportions following: A Deputy lieu* deputy lieutenant or ocdonel shall be in like manner seised or tenant or copefiefled a£ a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of three ^»fc° hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of a person who shall num.P be in like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of five hundred pounds; a lieutenant colo- Lieutenantco-ncl or major shall be in like manner seised or possessed of a likeionel, or ma-eftntoaamorelakl, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, jor, 200l. or shall be heir apparent ot a person who shall be in like man- Per aimuna* ner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of four huetdrod pounds; a captain shall be in like man- Captain tool, ner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, or shall be son of a person who ftull be, or, at the time of his death, was in like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the* yearly value of three hundred pounds; a lieutenant shall be in like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the lieutenant yearly value of one hundred pounds, or shall be son of a per- I00, # P* an- son who shall be, or, at the time of his death, was in likenum* manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; an ensign shall be in likeEnfi.manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of ihepe, annum, yearly value of fifty pounds, or shall be son of a person who shall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds; one half of all which respefhve estates A ninety shall he situate or anting within the said counties and places re- lie iut^e* fi»&»vely: and in all the said counties of Cumberland* Hunting- county for don* Monmouth* Westmortland and Rutland* and in all the said which they several counties and places within the said dominion of Wales respectively, the penalties for acting nqt being duly qualified, or not having delivered in such qualification and taken the oaths, ing Qualified/ and made, repeated and subscribed the declaration aforesaid, shall See. for a

L 4 be, puty

I$z Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 2$; f 1757.

or fi«Id be, for a deputy lieutenant or field officer one hundred pound*; and for a captain, lieutenant or ensign fifty pounds; such few-under/col. ral penalties to be recovered by action of bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westmim-Jler, wherein no essoin, wager of law or protection, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; one moiety whereof shall.go to the use of the person who shall sue for the same, and the

other moiety to the uses herein after directed; and any twoor more lieutenants!1 y deputy lieutenants within the said counties o( Cumberland^ Huntingdon, Monmouth, Westmorelani and Rutland^ and within all the said several counties and places within the said dominion of Wales respectively, shall have and exercise all and every the powers conferred by'this act on any three deputy lieutenants, or on any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or on any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace, of any county, riding or place within that part of Great Britain called England.

LIII. And whereas the ordering the militia in the isle of Wight, has always been in the governor or lieutenant governor of the said island: and whereas from the length of time since the militia thereof was raised, the raising the same in manner heretofore accustomed, may be attended with many difficulties; the^flTof of^lt cna^cc*> That the governor of the said khnd shall appoint Wight is to the officers of the militia to be raised in the said istand, and aupjint his shall and is hereby impowered and required to ad, in the.execu* officers, tien of this act, in the same manner ag his Majesty's lieutenants tenanrsol^11* count*s are hereby impowered and required toad; and shall counties, appoint five or more deputies to ad with him in and for the said and appoint island; which deputies and officers of the militia Avail bequali-deputies; fied in the same manner, and are hereby impowered and requir-qualifitVand^to a<^>n r^e execution of this act, in the same manner, and aft as like^of- under the same directions, provisions and penalties, as deputy ficersfor lieutenants and officers of the militia in the several counties

Wales; within the dominion of Wales are by this act subject to,; and

till iMo*be l^e t*lc fa, c^ island shall be raised in the same manner

raffed as in the as the nvilitia of the county of Southampton, and shall be deem-county of ed a part of the militia of the said county; and after the same

Southampton, shall be so raised, the said governor, lieutenant governor, and pan thereof*deputies, fl12^ order and direct the training and exercising the fC°*said militia within the said istand, in the same manner as his Majesty's lieutenants, and the deputy lieutenants, are by this act authorized and directed to do in any county within that part of Great Britain called England.

LIV. Provided always* and be it enacted, That the militia

Pw-beck°is to island of Pur beck shall remain separate from that of the

be separate county of Dorset, as heretofore has been used; and the num- from that of berof militia men to be raised for the said istand, Avail beeigh-the county of ty, part of six hundred and forty appointed by this act to be imJ^o'men ra^cc* ^or the county of Dorset, with the county of the town of a to°be' n with a field officer, and other proper officers; and the

FAiTtil thertip, said island-ffialJ, as to all the purposes of this act, \k <?onlideicd

a*

*257'D Anno antd4eflmaOBbRoii II. C. 2$; s$j

acts it'whee*tliftift&county of Wclf> and all the powers given with*fieM ondprovtfions made by this act with respect to counties, and the officer»^militia thereof, fhatt take'place and be hi force with respect to the said island and the militia thereof, except only as to the fe-verd particulars herein ©xprefsect, and otherwise provided for; that it to say. The number of deputy lieutenants to be appoint- Three orcd for the said Hland shall be three, or more (if so many duly more deputy qualified can be therein foqnd) any two of which said deputy Hentenant* §'nontenants shall have and exercise all the powers conferred by this a ft on any three deputy lieutenants of any county, or on any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the - peace, or on any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two justicee of the peace, of any county 5 and the estates requisite for the qualification of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the amlitia in the said istand, shall be as follows; a deputy lieutenant and field officer shall be seised or possessed of such an estate, and in Deputy lieute-like manner, as is in this act before mentioned, as a qualification have

for a deputy lieutenant, colonel or other officer of the militia, 10ol. per an-of the yearly value of two hundred pounds; a captain shall be hum. in like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of Captain »ool. the yearly value of one hundred pounds, or be heir apparent of annum* a person who shall be in like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly'value of two hundred pounds; a lieutenant orenflgn shall be in like manner seised or possessed Lieutenant cc of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, "rlnnL. or be son of a person who shall be; or at the time of his death p*was, in like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, ! of the yearly value of one hundred pounds; one half of all which estates respectively shall be situate or arising within the said island; and the penalties for acting as deputy lieutenants, and other officers, of the militia of the said istand, not being Penalties for duly qualified, or not having delivered in their qualification, and acting, not betaken the oaths, and made, repeated and subscribed, the decla-£S qualified, ration as aforesaid, shall be, for a deputy lieutenant, or field offi- c*arc# eer, sixty pounds; and for a captain, lieutenant or ensign, thir- for a deputy -ty pounds; such several penalties to be recovered by action of lieutenant or debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts ofl5ccr of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, wager of law, ^under.protection, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; J01, one moiety whereof shall go to the use of the person who shall foe for the same, and the other moiety to the uses herein after directed.

LV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cities The lic«te.\ or towns which are counties within themselves, and have here- n»mC* tofore been impowered bylaw, or ancient usage, to raise and which are train a separate militia within their several precindls and ltber-counties with-ties, and which are by this act United with and made part of j.n them-any county or counties for the purposes of this act only, or the chief Majesty's lieutenants of such cities or towns, or where there is mag\strate, no lieutenant appointed by his Majesty, the chief magistrate of is to appoint

such city or town shaft appQint five or more deputy licutehants deputy lien-J rr r J, f tenants and

t 1 officers, dec.

s54 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 2g. t1757»

(if So mav poribtts qualified as is herein after cqwftd, can thesdn be round) and shall also appoint officers of the militia, ahoii number and tfcok shall be proportionable to the number of militia men which ftch city or town fluU raise, as their quota towards the militia of the county to which such city or town it by this act united for the purposes aforesaid, the qualification of which officers respectively dull be as is herein after mentioned; and all powers given qnd provisions made by this act, with re-sped to counties at large, and the militia thereof, and the registering the qualifications of deputy lieutenants and officers, dnU take place and be in force with respect to the said cities tad towns, and the militia thereof, and the regiAcring the find qualifications, except only as to the particulars herein exprefibd and otherwise provided for; that is to say, after the number of persons which such city or town is to furnish to the militia shall have been appointed as aforesaid by his Majesty's lieutenant, and the deputy lieutenants, or by the deputy lieutenants of the county at large, of the militia, whereof the militia of such city or town is by this act made a part, any two or more of the deputy lieutenants within such city or town shall have and exercisit all the powers conferred by this adonany three deputy lieutenants, or on any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justko of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant, together with any Deputy lieu, two justices of the peace of any county at large; and the value tenant and of the respedi ve qualifications of the deputy lieutenants and offi-field officer, to cera of the militiaof such cities or towns, shall be as followsp have jool. per ttarj deputy lieutenant and field officer shall respectively befiafu

personal^tt. or poraed of such an estate, and in like manner as is in this*ad before mentioned, as a qualification for a deputy lieutenant, colonel, or other officer of the militia, in manors, messuages, hods, tenements or hereditaments, in England* Wales* or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone, to Captain >501. the amount or value of five thousand pounds; and the qoakfi* per ann .'or cation of a captain shall be a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly son^ estate. va^ue of one hundred and fifty pounds, in manors, messuages* lands, tenements or hereditaments, or personal estate alooe, to the lieutenant or amount or value of two thousand five hundred pounds; and the ensign 5ol. or qualification oft a lieutenant or ensign shall be a like estate as a-ijtf- personal foresaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, in manors, mefTu-"*'. ages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or personal estate alone, to the amount or value of seven hundred and fifty pounds) one half of all which real estates refjpedfively shall be situate or anting within such city or town, or within the county at largo to which fitch city or town is by this a c1 united for the purposes Penalties for aforesaid; and in all such cities and towns, the penalties for astine it not acting not being duly qualified, or not having delivered in such qualified, Sic. qualification, or not having taken the oaths, and made, repeated and subscribed the declaration aforesaid, shall be, for a do-for a deputy^pUty lieutenant or field officer, one hundred pounds; and for a field officer* c*pt*» heutenaat or ensign, fifty pounds; such several penalties

1757.] Anno t&esimo GtK)RGii II. c. 25. if5

ties: to be recovered by a&ibn of debt, bill, plaint or informa- tool, for all don, in any of his Majesty's coarts of record at Westminster, un<*cr 5°l« wherein noessoin, wager of law, or protection, or more than owe imparlance shall be allowed; one moiety whereof shall go to the use of the person who shall sue for the lame, and the other moiety to the uses herein after directed; and his Majesty's lieu- Lieutenants tenants, and the chief maeistrates of such cities or towns, being af c^, eJ ma* counties in themselves respectively, shall, and they are hereby required to put the powers conferred by this act, for raising and within the said training the militia within such cities or towns, into execudon; cities and but the militia of such cities and towns as aforesaid, being by tPvrnsJ. this act declared to be part of the militia of the counties to t0Cj^n thatof which such cities and towns are united for the purposes afore- the county at1 said, the militia of such cities or towns shall annually join the the general «-militia of the county to which such cities or towns are so unitedrc"cnWto-for the purposes aforesaid, and the whole militia so joined toge- funwcc*-ther, shall be exercised together at the general annual exercise in Whitsun week, and shall then, and also in time of actual service, be deemed the militia of the county to which such cities or towns are so united for the purposes aforesaid.

LVI. And be it enacted, That all fines, penalties and forfei- Recovery of tures by this act imposed, the manner or recovery whereof is not penalties not in this act particularly provided for, Aall on proof upon oath of pro*

the offence before any justice of the peace of the county, riding cd, or place where the offence shall be committed, be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of such distress and sale, to the offender upon whom such distress shall have been made; and where the goods and chattels of such offender shall not be sufficient to answer such distress, such justice is hereby required to commit such offender to the common gaol of the county, riding or place where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three months: and all fines, penalties and forfeitures by this a A imposed, the application n^ths^of*" whereof is not otherwise particularly provided for, shall be paid ^rwifepro^ to the clerk of the regiment or battalion, and shall be made a vided for, to common stock in each subdivision wherein the same shall so be paid to the arise; and the said clerk shall give a particular account thereof, c!crk as it shall arise, to any three deputy lieutenants, or to any two ^TdeVcom-deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or mon dock,to any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace at their next meeting within the several subdivisions; and the said deputy lieutenants, or any three of them, or any two and to be an-deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or plied in erect-anyone deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices

the peace, shall cause butts to be erected in some convenient ^dcJ.Dfn<| place or places, and shall direct the clerk of the regiment or b*\\, battalion to buy and provide, with some part of the money so arising, a proper quantity of gunpowder and ball, to be used at proper times by the militife men in (hooting at marks, and to

ap-

\s£

and. in priei to the bell markimen.

Persons committed to the house of corregion to be kept to hard labour.

Proof of qualification, in all suits, is to be on the defendant.

&c. not removeable by certiorari,

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25. [1757.

apply and dispose of such, other part of the money aforesaid, es (hey shall think reasonable, in some prize or prizes to be given to uich militia manor men as shall, by the commanding officer then prefenr* be adjudged to be the best marksman or markftnen, and to apply the reftdue thereof to other contingencies relating to the militia within such subdivision; and that inall cases when any person shall be committed to the house of correction by virtue of this act, he shall during the tiipe of such commitment, be kept to hard labour in such house of correction.

LVII. And be it enacted, That in every astron, suitor inform mation, brought against any person for acting as a deputy lieutenant, colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, captain, lieutenant or ensign, not being qualified as herein before is directed, the proof v of this qualification shall lie upon such person against whom the same is brought.

Orders of the

LVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no order made lieutenants, by any of his Majesty's lieutenants, or by any one or more deputy lieutenants, or by any two deputy lieutenants; together with any one justice of the peace, or by any one deputy lieutenant^ together with any two justices of the peace, or by any justice or justices of the peace, by virtue of this act, shall be removed by

eerticrari out of the county, riding, division, place, city or town wherein such order was made, into any court; and that no writ 1^bcCfuU^r>n, or wr*ts certiorari shall supersede execution or other proceed-fedccf thereby, wgS tip°n any such order so made in pursuance of this act, but shat execution and other proceedings shall and may be had and made thereupon; any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof notwithstanding.

Provision

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any

where a parish parish shall lje in more counties or ridings than one, the inha- bitants of such parish shall serve in the militia of that county or riding wherein the church belonging to such parish is situated. Inhabitants of

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the inhabitants Wokingham of the town and parish of Wokingham shall serve in, and beraine<l trained and exercised with the militia of the county of Berks* > tia of Berks; 1

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the inhabi-of Filey, to'tants of the township of Filey, shall serve in the militia of the lerve in the east riding of the county of York; any thing herein contained to riding of the contrary notwithstanding. of Threap-

LXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the inhabi-wood* in Flint, tants of Threapwood shall serve in the militia of the county of and to be ex- Flint* and shall be trained and exercised with the militia of the crcifed with parish of Worthenbury within the said county, thenbury; and

LXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, Ths*t the inhs*-of faint Mar- bitants of and in the parish of faint Martin, called Stamford tin, Stamford Baron in the suburbsof the borough and town of Stamford, on Baron, &c. to the south side of the waters there called Welland, shall serve in the of IJncobi?1 of county of Lincoln.

Thetinnersin

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing Devon and, in this act contained shall extend to the tinners in the counties* Cornwall to be Of D^cn and Cornwall, but the lord warden of the stannaries for the

lies'in two counties

1757.] Anno tricesimo GbOROI! II; c. 5* r*57

thetm)4 bseing, in pursuance of his Majesty's comehiffioriih tint omto- tord'behalf, and such ashefoallcommissioiuteand*Qthorizeunderhi(n, th

may and shall have and use the like powers, and array, assess, arid, mofter and exercise the said tinners within the said counties, and either of them, as hath been heretofore used, and according to the ancient privileges and customs of the said stannaries.

LXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That his Majesty's Lieutenants lieutenants who are or mall be commidioned for the miKlia of |? r to

the city of London, may and shall continue to lift and levy the, rajn"d bands trained bands and auxiliaries of the said city in manner as as heretofore, heretofore.

LXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That whereas the militia of the Tower division in the county ^ Middlesex, commonly known by the name of the Tower Hamlets, is and always have been tender the

command of his Majesty's tonflable of the Tower, or lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, for the fervite and preservation of that royal fort;

it shall be lawful for his Majesty's said constable or lieutenant for Militia of the fhc time being, from time to time to appoint his deputy lieute*- Tower Ham-Giants, and to give commissibris to a proper number of officers, thea>nftau

to train and discipline the militia to be raised within and for the biTof the tow-said division or hamlets, pursuant to this act; and to form the er, who it to same into two regiments of seven companies each, in such man- appoint hisde-ner as the said constable or lieutenant hath used to do; and to P^, 11*' appoint a serjeant major, a drum major, and a clerk, for the said nan s*

militia; and also that for defraying the necessary charge of rro-phics and other incident expences of the militia of the same division or hamlets, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's said constable or lieutenant, to continue to raise in every year, the proportion of a fourth part of one month's assessment of trophy money within the said division or hamlets, in such manner as he hath used to do by virtue and in pursuance of an act of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the fife- 3*, Car, 1# cond, intituled An act for ordering the forces in the several counties this kingdom \ any thing in this act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LA

VII. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's said and ta appoint constable of the Tower, or lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, shalla tr<afiir«r of appoint a treasurer of the said trophy money, for receiving and money, paying such monies as shall be levied by virtue thereof, which laid treasurer shall yearly account in writing, and upon oath for the same, to the said lieutenant, or his deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, which oath they shall have power to administer; and which accounts for the same shall be certified to the justices of the peace for the said division at their next -general or quarter sessions; and that the said lieutenant shall not Wftte warrants for rjaifing any trophy money, until the justices of the peace, or the major part of them at such sessions, shall have examined, stated and allowed the accounts of the trophy money Taised, levied and collected for thp preceding year, and certified the fameunderthe hands and fealsof four or mfore such justices.

ig/g Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 25.*[1757.

unlefrln case where it shall appear to such judtees, that by reason of the death of fudi treafarer, or otherwise such accounts cannot be parted.

Powers grant-

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the loni ed by former warden of the cinque ports, two ancient towns, and their mem- to ahC f kers* an<* mbfence Ws lieutenant or lieutenants, may and the cinque11 °* Put execution within the said ports, towns and members,

Eorts, and his all the powers and authorities given and granted by any formers^ eutenants, or acts; and may and shall execute and perform all and every the tdervedi things therein contained, in like manner as his Majesty's reflective lieutenants of counties and their deputy lieutenants maydo; and may keep up and continue the usual number of soldiers in the said ports, towns and members, unless he or they find cause and the militia to lessen the same; and the militia of the said ports, towns and of the said members, shall remain separate from the militia of the several jport* to re- counties within which the said ports, towns and members are from thaTofC tuate» any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-the county. (landing.

Person d '

LXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing aluty in the^ m t*1*8 contained shall extend, or be continued to extend, to King's docks subject any persons mudered, trained and doing duty in any exempted. of his Majesty's docks for the defence thereof, to the service in the militia; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Repeal of all

LXX. And be it enacted, That all former acts relating to the former act* for raising of the militia within that part of Great Britain called militia^and the dominion of JVala^ shall from and after tbs

1 first day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, be repealed, except in such cases as are herein specially directed to be subject to the provisions of the said former acts, or any of them. Oti death of a

LXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on the deoultv^to ^C3t^ any h'is Majesty's lieutenants, his deputy lieutenants Jam* new continue to act and exercise all the authorities by this act one is appoint- committed to them, until his Majesty shall have appointed ano-ed. ther lieutenant, and until commissions of deputy lieutenancy

shall be by him issued.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any suit or suits shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in purfirance of this act, the action shall be laid in the county where such action did arise, and not elsewhere > and the defendant or defendants in such action or actions to be brought, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in such action or actions, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or drfeontinue his or their action or actions, after the defendant or defendants shall Treble costi. have appeared; or if upon demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as ^oy defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases to recover cods by law.

Limitation of adlfcms.

[General issue.]

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. t€.'59

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Act to be in aforesaid, That this act shall continue and be in fatue for the y^/or fi*c space of five years, and from thence to the end of the then neat7 session of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain sums of money out of the sinking fund^and applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, and the savings out if the memos granted in this session of parliament for the pay of the troops of Hanover, for the feruice of the year one tkouf-and seven hundred and fifty seven, and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament, and for relief, of Claud Johnson, with respect to a bond entered into by him, for securing the duties on ubaup imported by George Buchanan and William Hamilton.

TT^TE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons tf Great Britain in parliament assembled> being deftrous to raise the residue of the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, by ways and means the leaf burthensome to your Majestfssubjefls, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the sums herein after mentioned$ and do therefore most humbly bejeech your Majesty % that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and Commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the author rity of the same. That by or out of such monies as have arisen. Towards the or shall or may arise, and be and remain in the receipt of the supplies in go* exchequer, of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other "cra|» revenues composing the fund, commonly called the Sinking Fund 5* (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sums of, 757# money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and may be issued and applied a sum, not exceeding three hundred thousand pounds,

for and towards the supply granted to his Majesty for the service btlffued^ out of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and the the sinking of of his Majesty's treasury or any three or more of fond, them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of th^ of of the treasury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to issue and apply the same accordingly,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 50, 491l. 17s. the sum of fifty thousand four hundred ninety one pounds seven- 8d.*j. surplus teea shillings and eight pence halfpenny, remaining in the receipt gaming in^ of tfte exchequer, disposeable by parliament for the publick fer- of the said* ,. vice, of the income of the surpluues, excesses, overplus monies, fund on 5 A-and other revenues composing the said fund commonly called pril 1757. the Sinking Fund % for the quarter ended the fifth day of April one

It.

849, 50*1,

3d. 20. as the lame shall a -rile into the

16, 1901. 5s. 3d. surplus remaining in

t£o Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 2 6. [1757.

otic thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, shall and may be in like manner issued and applied at the said receipt for and towards the said supply.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That by or out of such monies as shall thereafter from time to time be and remain in.'the receipt of she exchequer, of the fur-plufles, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues composing

the said fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, after paying 6r toad. " referring sufficient to pay all such sums of money as have been.

directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same, there shall and may in like manner be issued and applied a farther sum not exceeding eight hundred forty oine thousand five hundred eight pounds two shillings and three pence half penny, for and towards the said supply.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the sum of sixteen thousand one hundred and ninety pounds five shillings and three pence remaining" in the receipt

the exchequer Of the exchequer, on the tenth day of October one thousand seven on^nce^fof hundred an^ hfty fix, of the surplus of the duties on licences for retailing fpi- retailing spirituous liquors; and also the sum of one hundred rituous li- forty thousand five hundred sixty eight pounds five shillings and quora. two pence half penny remaining in the receipt of the exchequer,

ad0,a over- *nS Overplus of the grants for the service of the year one plus remaining thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and also the sum of nine-in the exche- teen thousand four hundred and sixteen pounds fourteen shillings quer of the and nine pence half penny, being the savings out of the monies grants fon756. g^ted in this session of parliament, for the pay of the troops od*Vd savings HQnovervCi l^e pay of Great Britain, shall and maybe in like

in the payot wanner issued and applied at the said receipt for and towards Hie troops of the said supply.

Hanover.

V. And whereas it may so happen that there may be a want of On want of money for carrying on the current service of the year one thousand seven money to pay hundred and fifty seven^before monies sufficient may have arisen into the sum of the exchequer from the said surplusses, excesses or overplus monies 3d? a5d. trea- commonh ca^ The Sinking Fund, to satisfy and pay the said sum of fury may take*ght hundred forty nine thousand five hundred and eight pounds two in loans on the shillings and three pence half penny by this act granted; in such case, credit of the ft shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners or compleat the^0 *s Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them now being, laid sum; or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, by warrant or warrants junder his or their hands, to permit and fufrerany person or persons, or body or bodies politic or corporate, to advance and lend unto his Majesty, at the receipt of his exchequer, so much money as, together with the monies then remaining in the said exchequer, of the said surplusses, excesses or overplus monies, shall be wanting to compleat the said sum of eight hundred forty nine thousand five hundred eight pounds two shillings and three pence half penny, upon credit of the growing produce of the said surplusses, cxccfles or overplus monies, and to be repaid out

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 26. 16

of the same as they shall quarterly afterwards arise, together the same to be with interest for the forbearance thereof, in the mean time* reP»ldqw-any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. ter

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the autho- A rity aforesaid, That all the monies coming into the exchequer, otPthTFuMJ2s either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one ad of this in general, session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his The monies Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service jntg bycthe of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and for discharging certain arrears of land taxes incurred before the time therein mentioned; and for the more effectual colic sting of arrears for the fur ture; and so much money, if any such be, of the tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the same ad, and all the interest, premium, rate and charges thereon; and the charges thereby allowaole for raising the said land tax, shall be satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved in the exchequer, to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other act of parliament or this session of parliament, intituled An act Malt tax, c. 4. for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry^ for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven\ and concerning the interest to be paid for monies to be borrowed, as well on the credit of this act, as on the credit of an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid'to his Majesty by a land tax; and so much money, if any such be, of the duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the famead; and all theinterect, premium, rate and charges thereon; and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said duties,

shall be satisfied, or money sufficient reserved in the exchequer, to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the monies coming into the exchequer, byxrontributions to a lottery, granted by one, other ad of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a sum not exceeding one million fifty thousand five pounds and five fallings, to be raised by way of lottery; and also'5* all the monies coming into the exchequer by contributions for annuities, granted by one other ad of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon indentures, leases, bonds and ether deeds; and upon newspapers, Stamp dutiei, advertisements, and almanacks; and upon licences for retailing wine; l?'

and upon coals exported into foreign parts; and for applying, from a certain time, the sums of money arising from the surplus of the duties on licences for retailing spirituous liquors; and for raising the sum of three millions, by annuities, to be charged on the said rates, duties, and sums of money; and for making perpetual an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better regulation of attornies and solicitors; and for enlarging the time for filing affidavits of the execution of conlrafts of clerks to attornies and solicitors; and also the time for payment of the duties omitted to be paidfor the indentures and contra ft s of clerks and appren- f Vol, XXII. M tiersi

i6i Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 26. [1757.

Million aft, ttas \ and also a sum not exceeding one million, granted by one c. 13' other act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned j and also the several and respective sums andotherfuras a<^ granted> further appropriated, and are hereby

remaining in appropriated for and towards the several uses and purposes herein the exchequer, after expressed; that is to say, it is hereby enacted and declaredr'.by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or

sddei^eneraf ^uPP^es provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and 3»*3*939l- 7s.* aPPlied>: my sum or sums of money, not exceeding three millions 7d. towards two hundred eighty three thousand nine hundred thirty nine naval services, pounds seven shillings and seven pence, for and towards the herein speci- jlavaj services herein after particularly expressed; that is to say, for or towards victuals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards sea services, in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for and towards defraying the ordinary Of his Majesty's navy; and for half pay to sea officers; and for or towards maintaining eleven thousand four hundred and nineteen marines; and for or towards the buildings, re-buildings, and repairs, of his Majesty's ships, for the said year.

100 ooool to-

VII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, wards paying That out of all or any of the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall off the navy and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, not debt. exceeding two hundred thousand pounds, towards paying off and discharging the debt of the navy.

VIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, the°hof ita^ That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall near Plymouth.an^ may issued and applied any sum or sums of money, not exceeding ten thousand pounds, for or towards purchasing of land near Plymouth, and carrying on the works of an hospital intended to be erected thereon, for the reception of sick and wounded men belonging to his Majesty's fleet, so, ooool. to-

IX. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That wards the sup- out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall and may 9r-?Cin" issued and applied any sum or sums of money, not exceeding ten thousand pounds, upon account, towards the support of the royal hospital at Greenwich, for the better maintenance of the seamen of the said hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the service of their country.

X. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, not exceeding four hundred thirty seven thousand six hundred twenty pounds eight shillings and nine pence, for the charge of the office of ordnance for land service for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, performed and to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land service, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, not provided for by parliament.

I UV^lUl.

437>6*ol. Ss. 9<i. towards the office of ordnance for land service.

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 26.

163

XI. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, ^dMheVand there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of forces ia gene-money, not exceeding two millions five hundred sixteen thousand ral; one hundred eighteen pounds eleven shillings and a half penny, for and towards maintaining his Majesty's land forces, and other services herein after more particular expressed; that is to say.

Any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one million two of which hundred thirteen thousand seven hundred forty six pounds three 7or+uanf" shillings and nine pence, for defraying the charge of forty nineanj gamfont, thousand seven hundred and forty nine effective men, including See in Great# commission and non-commission officers; and also four thousand Britain, and eight invalids, for guards, garrisons, and other his Majesty's Guernsey, land forces in Great Britain, Gtiernfey and Jersey, for the year Jercy" one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and any sum or4, 3f9$3l. sums of money, not exceeding four hundred twenty three icd. for guard* thousand nine hundred sixty three pounds sixteen shillings and ami. garrisons, ten pence, for maintaining his Majesty's forces and garrisons in fat'ion3 Gib-- the plantations, and Gibraltar, and for provisions for the garrisons raitar, Nova" in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and Providence, for the Scotia, New-year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and any sum foiindlandand or sums of money, not exceeding forty seven thousand sixty Prov, dcncc# pounds fifteen shillings and ten pence, for the pay of the general0° fo/the and general staff officers, and officers of the hospitals for his staff officers Majesty's land forces, for the year one thousand seven hundred and officer* of and fifty seven; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding hospitals of hi* thirty thousand pounds, upon account, for out-pensioners and

Chelsea hospital, for the year one thousand seven hundred and 00*j ^or fifty seven; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding the out penfi-forty six thousand twenty two pounds and five shillings, for oners of Chel-defraying the charge of two highland battalions of foot, raised feahofpitaJ. or to be raised for his Majesty's service, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and any sum or sums of money, taihomotfoot" not exceeding two thousand three hundred and fifty pounds, for 2 q]^thJ paying of pensions to the widows of such reduced officers of his pernios of of- Majesty's land forces and marines, as died upon the establishment fleers widows, of half pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them be- before the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; which said sum of two thousand three hundred and fifty to be issued by pounds shall be issued to such person or persons as his Majesty u»der shall by warrant or warrants under his royal sign manual direct firn miniiaU and appoint to receive the same, to be by him or them paid over S to such widows of half pay officers, or their assigns, according to such establishments, lifts or other directions, and with and subject to such conditions, qualifications, and other allowances for the same, as his Majesty by such and the like warrant or warrants shall be graciously pleased to direct and appoint; and 3 3lfl* »6s.jd. any sum or sums of money, not exceeding three thousand three Lnd^nflcmen hundred twenty one pounds sixteen shillings and three pence, ofhofSTguardli

for &c. reduced.

164 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 26: [1757.

for defraying the charge for allowances to the several officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horse guards, and regiment of horse reduced, and to the superannuated gentlemen of tnefout troops of horse guards, for the year one thousand seven hundred 1 t th anc* fiftysevenS an^ any ^um or ^ums money, not exceeding reduced offi- ° thirty three thousand pounds, upon account, for the reduced cen of the officers of his Majesty's land forces and marines, for the year

land forces one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and any sum or

and marines. fams of money, not exceeding five hundred seventeen pounds C17l. is. sd. to one shilling and eight pence, for defraying the ^charge of half f tf to certa, n officers of the late earrifon at Minorca, videlicet,

UteCgL-rifonC To the secretaries to the governor of the island of Minorca, the at Minorca..captain of the ports there, the lieutenant governor of fort faint Philip, and the surgeon of the garrison of fort faint Philip, for the ts. year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven j and amr fam 6d. for troops or sums of money, not exceeding forty eight thousand nine if.hundred twenty six pounds two millings and six pence, for ca^and tte" Ae^mng the charge of four regiments of foot, on the Irish East indies, establishment serving in North America and the East Indies, and augmenting major general OffarrelFs regiment of foot, for the year one thousand seven hundred and finy seven; and any sum sn, 57oh 19s.or foms money, not exceeding one hundred eleven thousand 7«r. aa. for ex- five hundred seventy pounds nineteen shillings and seven pence traorainary half penny, for defraying the extraordinary expences of his expences of Majesty's land forces, and other services, incurred in the year and odrerfer- one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, and not provided for vices in 1756. by parliament; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding c7.963l.7s. id. fifty seven thousand nine hundred sixty three pounds seven for troops hir- shillings and one penny, for defraying the charge of six thousand ed from the five hundred and forty four foot, with the general and staff Hesse Caffe!, officers, and train of artillery, the troops of the landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, in the pay of Great Britain, from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, to the twenty seventh day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, both inclusive; and any sum or sums of money, 155 S4.01.1 os. not cxccct^ing one hundred fifty five thousand eight hundred for German forty pounds and ten shillings, towards defraying the charge of pay to the German pay, for six thousand six hundred foot, with the general troops of Hesse arKj fiaff officers, and train of artillery, the troops of the land* Caficl. grave of Hejfe Cajfel, in the pay of Great Britain, from the twenty eighth day of May to the twenty fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, both inclusive; towards defraying the charge of German pay, for one thousand and four hundred horse, with the officers of the hospital, the troops of the said landgrave in the pay of Great Britain, from the twenty seventh day of April to the twenty fourth day Of December one thousand fetfen hundred and fifty seven, both indafive; towards defraying the charge of German pay for three thousand three hundred foot, with the general and staff officers and train of artillery, the troops of the said landgrave, in the pay of Grtot

Eri-

1757.] Anno tticdimo Georgii II. c. 26. 165

Britain, from the twenty second day of April to the twenty fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, both inclusive; for defraying the charge of German pay for seven hundred horse, the troops of the said landgrave of Heffi Cajfel, in the pay of Great Britain, from the twenty third day of August to the twenty fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, both inclusive; for defraying the charge of remount and levy money for seven hundred horse, and three thousand three hundred foot, the troops of the said landgrave in the pay of Great Britain, pursuant to treaty; and for defraying the charge of the remaining moiety of remount money for one thousand four hundred hone pursuant to treaty, payable the twenty seventji day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, the supposed day when the cavalry took the field; and any sum or sums of ononey? not exceeding llxty thousand seven hundred ^landgrave* Sixty six pounds one shilling, to enable his Majesty to make good of HeffcCaflcI, his engagements with the landgrave of Hejfe Cqjjel, pursuant to pursuant to treaty; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding twenty ^?aty{ fix'thousand and seven pounds five shilling9 and fix, pence 6d.°*q.an*ad-half penny, for defraying the charge of an* advanced subsidy, vanced subsidy at the rate of one hundred and fifty thousand crowns a year, to the said due to the landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, pursuant to treaty, from the landgravepur-sixth day of August one thoulan^Tseven hundred and nfty fix, to uant 0 rcaty* the twenty seventh day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, the day when the cavalry enters into the pay of Great Britain; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding fifty five thousand sixty two pounds five shillings and eleven pence half penny, for defraying the charge of eight thousand fix r 5'* Hundred and five foot, with the general and staff officers, the troops hired train of artillery, and officers of the hospital, the troops of from Hanover. Hanover, in the pay of Great Britain, from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, to the twenty sixth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, both inclusive; and of five thousand seven hundred and twenty six foot, with the general and staff officers, the train of artillery, and officers of the hospital, the troops of Hanover, in the pay of Great Britain, from the twenty fifth day of February one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, to the twenty sixth day of March following, both inclusive; and for defraying the expences of the inarch in Germany of the said troops, both at their coming here, and their return back; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding two hundred thousand pounds, to assist wvdfformtng his Majesty in forming and maintaining, during the present year, an army of*an army of observation for the just and necessary defence and observation in

Ereservation of his Majesty's electoral dominions, and those of Germany, &c, is allies, and towards enabling his Majesty to fulfil his engage* ments with the king of Prussia, for the security of the empire against the irruption of foreign armies; and for the support of the common cause.

XII. And it islierebyalfo enabled by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid,

M 3 there

l6f Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 26. [1757.

7oo, ooool. to there shall and may be UTued and applied, any (cm or sums of

defray the like money not exceeding seven hundred thousand pounds, to enable

borrowed. n__________r.J_____c

sum on a vote of credit of last ft Hi on,

1,000, 0001. upon account to defray extraordinary expences of the war.

18, 7891 id

5*-

his Majesty to discharge the like Aim raised in pursuance of an act made in the last session of parliament, and chained upon the first aids or supplies to be granted in this session of parliament.

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one million upon account, to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary expences of the war incurred, or to be incurred, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and to take all such measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any enterprizes or designs of his enemies, and as the exigency of affairs may require.

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any ttye aids or supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be UTued and applied any sum or sums of money, not exceeding twenty eight thousand seven hundred

wun^XHiip- nine pounds five shillings and one penny, upon account

porting the P for supporting and maintaining the settlement of his Majesty's colony of wo- colony of Nova Scotia> for the year one thousand seven hundred va Scotia; and fifty seven. an(j any sum or fams of money not exceeding an 15, ^81.fifteen thousand three hundred eighty one pounds and four shillings, upon account, for defraying the charges incurred by sup-p'orting and maintaining the settlement of his Majesty's colony of Nova Scotia in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, and not provided for by parliament; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding thrte thousand five hundred fifty seven pounds and ten shillings, upon account, for defraying the on account for charges of the civil establishment of his Majesty's colony of dvUestablim*. Georgia, and other incidental expences attending the same from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, to the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding ten thousand pounds, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the British forts and settlements, upon the coast of Africa; and any sum or sums of money, not exceeding twenty thousand pounds, upon account, to be paid to the united company of merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, towards enabling them to defray the expence of a military force in their settlements, to be maintained by them in lieu of the battalion of his Majesty's forces, withdrawn from those settlements; and any sum or turns of money, not exceeding fifty thousand pounds, upon account, to be paid to such persons, and in such manner, and by futh proportions as his

4s charges incurred in 1755, for supporting the said colony, not provided for.

3, 557l. 10 s,

account to the Majesty shall direct, for the use and relief of his Majesty's sub-£ro, v.CcS °n, jects in his several provinces of North and South Carolina^ and Virginia, in America, in recompence for such services, as with the approbation of the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces

*1 perform,

rolina, and

Virginia, for _g 4 _______ ____

services perjQ America they respectively shall have performed, or shall per-

be performed by them.

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 2 167

form, either by putting the said provinces in a date of defence, io.ooool. for or by atfing with vigour against the enemy 5 and any sum or housesanS sums of money not exceeding ten thousand pounds, towards grounds to the further enabling the commissioners for building a bridge cross widen the the river Thames, from the city of Westminster to the opposite jhreets, &c. ihoreinthecountyofS^rry, to purchasehousesand grounds for the ^cross

widening the ways, and making more safe and commodious the to both^houses streets, avenues and pastages, leading from Charing Cross to the of parliament, two houses of parliament, the courts of justice, and Westminster Bridge; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding two Senth^pafi" thousand five hundred pounds, to enable the said of la^ frol£ to widen the street or passage leading from Cockspur Street to the Cockspur passage in Spring Garden leading to Saint Jameses Park; and street to the any sum or sums of money not exceeding three thousand pounds; paor^ on^upon account, for repairing and finishing a road proper for the count'for*passage of troops and carriages, from the city of Carlife to the making the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, whereof the sum of five hundred road f rom pounds to be paid to the of and trustees acting with- Newcaftte in and for the county of Cumberland, and the sum of two thou- cw sand five hundred pounds, the residue of the said sum of three thousand pounds, to be paid to the of and trustees acting within and for the county of Northumberland; and any sum or sums of money not exceeding thirty thousand pounds, loundling towards enabling the governors and guardians of the hospital for hospital. the maintenance and education of exposed and deferred yo^ng children, to receive all such children under a certain a^e to be by them limited, as shall be brought to the said hospital Lefore the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and also towards enabling them to maintain and educate such children as are now under their care, and to continue to carry into execution the good purposes for which they were incorporated.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Thefeaidi to said. That the said aids and supplies provided 33 aforesaid, shall be applied to not be ifilled or applied to any use, intent or purpose whatsoever, no ot cr u other than the uses and purposes before mentioned, or for the several deficiencies or other payments directed to be satisfied

thereout, by any act or acts, or any particular clause or clauses for that purpose contained in any other act or acts of this present session of parliament.

XVI. And as to the said sum of thirty three thousand pounds. Rules to be by this 2& appropriated, on account of half-pay as aforesaid, observed m it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, [joVof the* That the rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in half-pay. the application of the said half-pay; that is to lay. That no. person shall have or receive any part of the same, who was a minor and under the age of sixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop or company, in which he served, was reduced; that no person shall have or receive any part of the same, except such persons who did actual service in some regiment, troop or company; that no person having any other place or employment

M 4 of

*6$ Anno trictfrno Georgii II. C.; [ 1^5

of prpfit, civil or military, under bid Majestyf Aiall haveorir

ceive any part of the said half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrison or regiment, who.has any, ecplefiastical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or, receiver any part of the said half-pay; that no person shall have or receive any part the same, who has resigned his commission, and has had no commission since; that no part of the same shall, be allowed to any person by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to such persons as would have been otherwise intitled to, the Cmaae as reduced officers; and that no part of the same shall be allowed, to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons and eight regiments of foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the establishment of half-pay in Great Britain

XVII. And whereas by an act of parliament made and passed

Sgf- in the twenty ninth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An s. c. 9?f. to* for tabling his Majesty. to raise one million, for the purpose therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament, the several supplies which had been granted to his Majesty, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several uses and purposes therein expressed; mongst which any sum or Turns of money not exceeding thirty eight thousand pounds, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majesty's land forces and marines^ subject nevertheless to such rules to be observed in the application of the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid act were prescribed m that behalf: now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared, by the authority aforesaid, That (o much of the said sum of Application of thirty eight thousand pounds, as is, or shall be, more than fuf-the f*v»ng* ficient to satisfy the said reduced officers, according to the rules of 38 lir by the said act, to be observed in the application there-

granted the of, or any part of such overplus, shall and may be.dUposed of tail session to- to such officers who were maimed or lost their limbs, in the late wards half- wars, or such others as by reason of then long service or other-

P»y* wife, his Majesty shall judge to be proper objects of charity, or to the widows or children of such officers, according to such warrant or warrants under his Majesty's royal sign manual, as shall be signed in that behalf; any thing in this act* or the said former act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas Claud Johnson ^Condon, merchant, did en or about the twenty eighth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty one, at the speciol infiance and request of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, become bound for them in a bondy conditioned for the payment of five thousand six hundred and seven pounds twelve shillings and nine pence halfpenny, or thereabouts* being the duties of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds weight of tobacco imported by the said George Buchanan and William Hamilton $ and the said George Buchanan and William Hamilton* as an indemnification to him, against the said bondy did, on or about in the sixth day of February one thousand seven hundred and fifty two % (iffign to Sim two hundred hogsheads of tobacco, the marks and numbers

Ariite<ficfciiiWo Gt6llGii II. c. i6.

burs ef vtMth wf&e ffikxfiidon the back of ftuh assignment; and the said two hmdred hogsheads of tobacco tv ere^soon after the date of the foii alignment, conveyed away by the said George Buchanan and WiMiatn Hamilton, and fold and exported by them as their pro-party; ant they did afterwords replace ninety nine hogsheads of tobaccot with different marks and numbers, as part of the said two hundred z and whereas the said George Buchanan and Wiilliara Hamilton, did) on or about the twenty first day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty two* difign forty two hogsheads of tobacco to the said Claud Jonnfon, as a further indemnification to him dgainjl the find bondy tie marks and numbers of which hogsheads were also spe-tified upon tie hack of such loft alignment: and whereas, on or about the twenty ftvtnth day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty two, an extent was i/fuea at the suit of the crown against the effects of the /hid George Buchanan and William Hamilton, for duties on to-hacco imported by them; and an inquisition being taken on or about the thirtieth day of April one thousand seven hundred and fifty two* one hundred and thirty five hogsheads of tobacco were seized as the property of the said George Buchanan and William Hamilton; forty two hogsheads of which were the tobacco lafi assigned to the fail Claud Johnson, and the remaining ninety three were part of the said hinety nine hogsheads replaced as aforesaid) the other fix hogfi beads being fiifed by the warehouse-keeper for relit; and the said George Buchanan and William Hamilton soon after becoming bankrupts, the said Claud Johnson entered his claim to the said one hundred and thirty five hogsheads in the court of exchequer; and* upon a trial in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty ewO) a verdict was found for his Majesty, as to the said ninety three hogsheads, because the marks and numbers thereof did not correspond with the marks and numbers indorsed on the said first assignmentf and for the claimant) as to the fendforty two hogsheads: and whereas the commissioners of the customs, in confAeration of the payment of a certain sum by the assigntes of the said bankruptcy* as a satisfaction for the monies due from the said bankrupts to toe crowny allowed the said assignees all the effects seised upon the said inquisition; but the said bond was not included in such agreement* the same not being then due: and whereas the said Claud Johnson has paid three thousand one hundred seventy three pounds and seven pence, or there-aboutsy in part of the said five thousand six hundred seven pounds* twelve JhHHngs and nine pence halfpenny, and the said ninety three hogsheads ef tobacco were fold for the sum of two thousand six hundred fifty five pounds eight shillings and eight pence Z and whereas there is great reason to believe that if the said George Buchanan and \ William- Hamilton had continued in credit, no part of the said bond would have been paid in money* but have been discharged by debentures taken out upon the exportation of tobacco y and as the said nine-, ty thkee hogsheads were part of the efife his which were allowed by the commifjmors of his Maftfiy's customs to the said assignees* in confederation of a certain sum to be paid by them* whereby the revenue-received an advantage, and the said Claud Johnson sustained a loss more than adequate to the principal money now due upon the said bond;

169

be

170 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 27. 1*7571

Treasury to be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall Claud lohnfon*, a*5?1 for the high treasurer, or any three or more of the from payment of of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, and of the penal- he or they is and are hereby authorized and impowered to exo-ty and money nerate, acquit and discharge the said Claud Joknfon of and from condmoned tjlc penalty mentioned in, and the payment of, any sum or sums his bond of y money conditioned to be paid by the said bond, dated on or8 Sept. 1751, about the said twenty eighth day of September one thousand seven for duties bn hundred and fifty one, and all interest due thereupon; and to tobacco. discharge and vacate the said bond, in such manner as to him or them shall seem expedient; any act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for enlarging the times for the first meetings of of or trustees for putting in execution certain aAs of this session of parliament.

WHEREAS by several acts of this present session of parliament) the first meeting of the of or trufees for putting such aftS) or any part or parts thereof in execution, hath been, or may be appointed or directed to be held before, or upon the day of the passing of such aAs respectivety9 whereby several doubts and difficulties may arifewith respect to the due execution of the said a As; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tern-poral and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in case any act of parlia- upon or after roent hath passed, or doth or shall pass, at any time whatsoever the day for during this present session of parliament, upon or after the day the first meet- specified in any such act for the first meeting of the commission-rnffhonersor ers or tru^ccs appointed to put the same, or any partthereof in trustees to act, execution, in each and every such case, such of or trustees respectively or the same number of such respective of or trustees as is or shall be, authorized to hold such-first meetineon meeting, or any greater number of them, shall and may hold the 14th day their first meeting upon the fourteenth day after the pamng of after passing this act, at such places as were respectively appointed in such this act. acts for holding the first meetings on the days therein specified;

and all such of or trustees, or any number of them as aforesaid, being so assembled respectively on the said fourteenth day after the passing of this act, shall and may proceed to the execution of such aas respectively; and then, and from time 'to time afterwards adjourn, and do and perform all such matters and things, and execute all the powers and authorities granted to them in the said acts respectively, in the same manner, and as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if such of or trustees had been assembled, in pursuance of* and on the respective days specified or appointed in such acts for holding the first meeting of such of or trustees; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 28. '171

CAP. XXVIII.

An act to render more effectual tie several laws now in being for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom.

WHEREAS it hath been found that the use of broad Wheels does very much contribute to the improvement and preservation of the turnpike roads of that part of Great Britain called England, and using heavy carriages with narrow wheels, is very ruinous and destructive to the same; for remedy whereof; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That during the time of seven years, to be computed from the Trustees for twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty turnpikes to eight, the trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue or un- take, for 7 der the authority of any act of parliament made, or to be mor^than^hle made, for making, repairing or amending, turnpike roads, or JoS* such person or persons as are or shall be authorized by them, gons and carts, shall and may, and they are hereby required to demand and having the take for every waggon, wain, cart or carriage, having the fellies fclllCi of their of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gage than nine inches b^dth thaa from side to side, at the least, at the bottom or foie thereof, or9inches, for the horses or beasts of draught drawing the same, one half more than the tolls or duties which are or shall be payable for the same respectively, by any act or acts of parliament made, or to be made, for making, amending or repairing turnpike roads, before any such waggon, wain, cart or carriage, respectively, shall be permitted to pass through any turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, where tolls shall be payable by virtue of any of the fai Jails.

II. Provided, That nothing in this ail shall extend, or be Carts drawn construed to extend, to carts or carriages drawn by one horse, onc horse» or two oxen, and no mord.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a- Carts with two foresaid, That during the time aforesaid, it shall and may be horses, or four lawful to and for any cart or carriage drawn by two horses, or °xc*l* and teU four oxen, and no more, having the fellies of the wheels there- {£* To pay of of the breadth or gage of six inches at the bottom, from side onty xht cora-to side, to pass upon any turnpike road, and through any turn- mon tolls, pike gate or bar, paying the toll? or duties required to De paid by any of the said acts respectively.

IV." And whereas there are in several acts of parliament, made carriage to for making, amending and repairing turnpike roads^exemptions al- ^om tlT or lowed from payment of tolls, in particular cases therein respectively pay letter tolls, mentioned, and liberties are allowed, in particular cases^ to pay lesser unless the fel-. tolls than are charged upon other waggons, carts and carriages, paf He* are9fing through turnpike gates or bars: and whereas it will tend to thelttchcs broad. advantage and preservation of turnpike roads, to confine such txemp-

tiens

I

Exception.

bnt the additional and ordinary tolls are to be paid.

Wa ons, &c. with broad wheels to pap half the toils within too mderof London

but such waggons are not to pafi, unless drawn by horses in pairs.

Anno tripcsimo Gcoiuui II. c. zg.

tions, liberties, privileges and advantage to carriages with wheels of the breadth or gage of nine inches ast aforesaid; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That during the time aforesaid, no person shall, by virtue of any of the said acts of parliament, have, claim or take, the benefit or advantage of any exemption from tolls, or part of tolls, or to pay lesser toll, for or in respect of any waggon, wain, cart or other carriage, or horses drawing the same, than other carriages of the like nature ought to pay, unless such waggon, wain, cart or carriage, have fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of nine inches as aforesaid; other than and except carts and carriages drawn by one horse or two oxen, and no more j and other than and except carts and carriages drawn by two horses or four oxen, and no more, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of six inches as aforesaid; but that the toil, together with the additional toll hereby enacted, for or in respect of every such waggon, wain, cart or other carriage having the fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gage than nine inches as aforesaid; or for or in respect of horses or beasts of draught drawing the same (except as before excepted) required by the said acts respectively, shall be paid in the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as if no exemption or lesser toll had been enabled or allowed by any of the said acts respectively, and as fully as all other waggons, wains, carts and carriages and horses drawing the same, ought respectively to pay, which are not intitled to any exemption from toll in the whole or in part, or to pay a. lesser toll than other waggons, wains, carts and carriages; any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That during the time aforesaid, the trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue or under the authority or any act of parliament made or to be made for making, repairing or amending turnpike roads, and such person and persons as shall be authorized by them, shall and may, and they are hereby required to permit and Cuffer all waggons, wains, carts and carriages having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of nine inches from side to side at the bottom or foie thereof, and drawn according to law, to pass. through any turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, within one hundred miles from London, paying only so much toll or duty as shall not exceed one half of the full toll or duty payable for such waggons, wains, carts and carriages respectively, or for the horses or beasts of draught drawing the same, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament made or to be made for making, repairing or amending turnpike roads.

VI. And whereas great damage is done to turnpike roads by waggons and wains with broad wheels drawn by horses or beasts of draught at lengthy and not in pairs: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That during the time aforesaid it shall not be lawful for any waggon or wain, haying fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of nine inches as aforesaid, to pass upon any turnpike road, or through any turnpike gate or bar, unless the same be drawn by horses or beasts of draught in

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 28. 173

pairs; provided that where there is an odd horse or beast of and not at draught belonging to such waggon or wain, it shall be lawful length; for such odd hone or beast of draught to draw such waggon or wain, together with the other horses or beasts of draught drawing in pairs as aforesaid; provided that such horses or beasts of draught do not in the whole exceed the number of horses or beasts of draught allowed by law.

VII. And whereas great damage is done to turnpike roads by wag -gens and Wains with narrow wheels, drawn by horses or beasts °fTff^ff draught in pairs, and not drawn by oxen: for remedy whereof, be noTtoptfs* it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That during the time if drawn in aforesaid It shall not be lawful for any waggon or wain, having pairs, unless the fellies of the wheels thereof of less breadth or gage than nine °y oxcn* ioches, to pass upon any turnpike road, or through any turnpike gate' or bar, if the same be drawn by horses or beasts of draught in pairs, and not by oxen.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons drir-if any person or persons shall, during the time aforesaid, drive ing prohibit* or cause to be driven on any turnpike road any common stage* w*ggons, waggon, prohibited by this act to pass along any turnpike road, fui^u^berof or mall drive or cause to be driven any waggon, wain, cart or horses, carriage on any turnpike road, with any greater number of horses ort>easts of draught than is allowed by Taw, or in any wise contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, every perfoti and persons so offending, and every master or owner of such waggon, wain, cart or carriage so driven, shall be deemed to be guilty of a common nusance and misdemeanor, and shall be may^pu. punished for the same by indictment or information, or shall, nifoed by in-at the dedtion of the prosecutor or informer, for every such of- diament, or* fence, be fabjedfc and liable to such and the same penalties and ^rmatten* forfeitures as the owners of the waggons and carriages, having*' /

the fellies of the wheels of less breadth Qr gage than nine inches from side to side, are made subject and liable to, by virtue of an act act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Ma- c. 30.

jesty, intituled An act for the amendment and preservation of the publish highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom; and for the more effectual execution of the hws relating thereto; to be paid and applied to such uses and purposes, and to be levied and recovered as is thereby directed.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That No compofr. during the time aforesaid it shall not be lawful for any trustees tion for tolls of any turnpike road, to make any composition for toljs for or J?ay be made 'in respect of any waggon, wain, cart or carriage, or horsesor ^eefcarl beasts of draught drawing the same (except as before excepted) riages. unless such waggons, wains, carts and carriages have the tellies Exception, of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of nine inches as aforesaid.

X. And whereas by an act made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty\ it is, amongst other things, enacttSQ % tLl That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June// shall & ft; and may be lawful for all waggons having the fellies of the wheels repialtd.

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 28. [1757.

thereof of the breadth or gage of six inches from side to side, at the leafi, at the foie or bottom of the wheel, to pass through all and every turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, with fix horses; and all carts and other carnages having the fellies thereof of the breadth or gage of six inches from side to side at the leafy at the foie or bottom of the wheel, with four horses, without paying any more toH or duty than is paid for waggons now drawn by four, and carts drawn by threr horses, or for the horses drawing the same: and whereas by another clause in the loft-mentioned act it is enacted, That from and after the said twenty fourth day of June all waggons, wains and other four wheel carriages, not being common Jlage waggons or carriages (though the fellies of the wheels ere not of the breadth of nine inches or six inches) may travel, pass or be driven upon any turnpike road, with any number of horses not exceeding five horses or beafis of draught and if any owner or driver of any such waggon, wain or other four wheel carriage shall travely pass or drive ony such waggon or other four wheel carriage with more than five horses or beafis of draught, every such owner so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; which said penalty shall be recovered and Jevied by aifirejs and foie of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant or warrants under the hands and seals of the trustees, or any three or more of them, of such difirift, or any one or more jnfiice or justices of the peace, in or near to the place or places where the offenct shall be committed, or by action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminder; where no essoin, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and in caj'e any driver of any waggon, wain or other carriage as aforesaid, shall act contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, such yustice or justices shall, by warrant or warrants under his or their hands find Jeals, commit such driver to the house of correction for the space of one month, there to remain without bail or mainprize; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said recited clauses in the last-mentiorted recited act shall, from and after the said twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, be repealed.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. No waggons That from, and after the time aforesaid no Waggon having the with broad fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of nine tharf18feet 6nc^es at bottom, shall pass along any turnpike road, which inches may shall be wider than five feet six inches from the middle of the pass on turn- fellies of the wheels on one side of such waggon, to the middle pike roads. of the fellies of the wheels on the other side of such waggon;

and the surveyor or surveyors, gate-keeper or gate-keepers of any turnpike road, is and are hereby authorized and required, at any turnpike or toll-gate, or at any other place upon the turnpike road, to measure every such waggon from the middle of the fellies of the wheels on one side of such waggons, to the middle of the fellies of the wheels on the other side thereof; and if any mailer or driver of any waggon shall hinder or re/ufc to permit such surveyor or surveyors, gate-keeper or gate-keepers, to measure such waggon as aforesaid, it shall be unlawful

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 28. 17$

for every such waggon, not permitted to be measured as aforesaid, to pass along any turnpike road.

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if L; mjUtion of any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or per- action*, fons, for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this act, then and in every such case, such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within six calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards $ and the same, and every such action or suit, shall be brought in the county, riding or place where the person against whom such action or suit shall be commenced doth ordinarily inhabit and reside, or in the county or riding where the fact was committed, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and General issue. that the same was done in pursuance of and by authority of this present act*and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time herein before limited for bringing the same, or be brought or laid in any other county, riding or place than as afore-mentioned, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants j1 or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited or discontinue his, her or their action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for CQ^g recovery thereof, as any defendant or defendants hath or have 1 in any other cases by law.

XIII. And whereas some doubts have arisen concerning the mean- what shall be

ing of the words Common Stage Waggons, it is hereby declared, deemedacom-That every waggon, wain, cart or carriage travelling with or mon stage carrying goods for hire, is and shall be deemed to be a common f

stage waggon, within the true intent and meaning of an act made1 ' % t c', 7'

in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to amend an act in the twenty fxth year of the,

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom; and for the more effectual execution of the laws relating thereto.

XIV. Whereas it is in and by an act of the twenty eighth year of r._

his present Majesty amongst other things enacted and declared^ That^gG.C*Jc.i7. if any collector or receiver of the toll or duties at any gate or turn- }, 7/

pike, where or near to which any crane, machine or engine for weighing of carriages shall be built or erelied, shall permit any cart,

waggon or carriage, within the descriptions therein mentioned, to pass

or repass through arty such gate or turnpike without weighing the same, such collector or receiver shall, upon conviction, as by the said

all is direlitd, be liable to be committed to the house of correction,

and there to be kept to hard labour for the space of one month: and

whereas doubts have arisen whether such collector or receiver is not

by the said all obliged to weigh all carriages whatsoever, whether

176 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 29. [1757.

loaded or unloaded \ and many difficulties have arisen thereupon* for Collector o- obviating whereof i % is hereby enabled and declared, That from £jj£e<loaded anc* a^-cr twc^tY ninth day of September one thousand fcycn carnages. hundred and fifty (even, any collector or receiver of any tolls at any turnpike or turnpikes erected or to be erected by virtue of any act of parliament, shall and may permit all and every persons/or persons going or travelling through any turnpike with an empty cart, waggon or other carriage, to pass and repaid through the same, without weighing such empty cart, waggon, or other carnage, and without incurring the penalty afore£ud> and that such collector or receiver shall not be obliged to weigh any cart, waggon or other carriage, but those only which shall be laden $ the said lad aboveroentioned aft, or any law now in forceto the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An act to indemnify persons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing, or running of prohibitedy un- customedy or other goods or merchandize, upon certain terms therein mentioned.

WHEREAS there is a great want of seamen for the compleatly manning of his Majesty's royal navy: and whereas there are are many fauors, marinerr, and other sea-faring persons, subjects of his Majesty, at this time in parts beyond the seas % and in several of the gaols of this kingiomx on account of sundry offences by them.committed in breach of the laws of the customs and excise -> and likewise several persons woo have been or may be charged with riding with fire arms, contrary to the acts passed in the eighth year of the S G. t. c. 18. reign of his late majesty King George the Firjly and the ninth year9G. t. c. 35. of his present Majesty, as well as other acts now in forcey and who >9 G. s. c. 34. have neglected to take the benefit of the late act of indemnity, and are.

capable and may be inclined, or by grace and clemency induced, to ferveiy on board his Majesty's ships of wary provided they were certain of \ their being indemnified for their several offences and pafi misdemean-ers\ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent maje*. fty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every person, who be-Smugglers, fore the first <]ay of one thousand seven hundred and fifty fied homaf- seven, shall have been guilty of illegal running, landing, unfences com-" shipping, concealing, receiving or carrying any wool, prohibited mitted before goods, wares or merchandizes, or any foreign goods liable to 1 May 1757* the payment of the duties of customs or excise, the same duties not having been paid or secured, or of aiding or assisting the re* in; eft shall have been armed with fire-arms, or other offensive arms or weapons, in order to be aiding or assisting any such offenders, or have been guilty of refeuing such goods, wares or merchandizes as aforesaid where duties had not been paid or focured after seizure from the officers of the customs or excise, or of any act or matter whatsoever whereby persons maybe, deemed and taken to be runners of foreign goods and commodities

iJ>57«) Anno tricesimo Giolloii It. 0.29. 177

dftie* Wittrin the intent and meaning of any law now m force

or of hindering, opposing, obstructing, wounding or beating any officer or officers of the customs or excise, in the execution of his or their office or duty, or of aiding or assisting the rein*

shall be and are by the authority of this present act, acquitted, indemnified, released and discharged against the King's maiefly, his heirs and ftrccessors, and any officer or officers of the customs or excise, and every of them, and all and every other person or persons, of and from all and every the said offences* concerning

which no suit, information or inaiftment shall have been commenced, filed or found, or composition made before the said first day of May one thousand seven hundred and-fifty fevest, upon the following terms and conditions; that is to say, That he provided, be-

do, before he shall be apprehended or profetuted for the same* tore theyara

and before the first day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, enter himself with some commission officer of his December

Majesty's fleet to serve as a common sailor in the said fleet, and next, they en-

do for three years at least from the rime of such entry, unless he tcrCI7e

shall be sooner duly discharged from the service, actually and the

bona fidt serve and do duty as such in the said fleet y and shall V

lfo before the said first day of December one thousand seven hun- theirrnmes,

drecT and fifty seven, register his name, employment, and &c. with tbi

usual place of abode, with the clerk of the peace of the coun- clerk of tht

ty, riding or division where he resides, in a book which is hereby directed to be kept by the said clerk, among the records of the sessions for the said county, riding or division for this purpose; and shall sign such register, signifying that he claims the benefit of this act, and that he has entered himself with a certain commission officer by name, of his Majest/s fleet, to serve as a common sailor, which entry shall be made in the following form,

AB of'claims

in the benefit of an act of the thirtieth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Second, and has entered himself with a commission officer of his Majestfs fleet, and has register ed his name in the bool sept by the clerk of the peace of this county, riding or division, this day of pursuant to the

iiredions of the said act.

For Which entry or register there shall be paid to the clerk of the clerk'i fee is, peaCc of such county, riding or division, one shilling, and no whoh to more; and that the said clerk of the peace shall immediately af- transmit an ter the said first day of May one thousand seven hundred and to

fifty seven, from time to time, transmit to the of of rife the ttriftoiris and excise, an exact account of all the person who oner* of the have, by stich $ntry or register as aforesaid, intitled themfclvescustoms and to claim the benefit of this act. excise.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- The said per-said, That every person who shall make such entry, and claim fop* hein* the benefit of this present act as aforesaid, and shall afrefwards go'by of the

V01.XJU1. n

deterring, or unduly procuring their discharge, liable to prosecution for the former, as well as such new offences.

Officer permitting any

178 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 50. [1757.

be guilty of, or commit any of the like offences as those herein before mentioned, or hereby intended to be acquitted, released or discharged, or shall at any time after desert from the said service, or within the said three years unduly procure his discharge therefrom, shall be subjedand liable to be prosecuted. not only for or in rel'ped of such new offence, but shall also be subject and liable to all the same pains, penalties and forfeitures as he would have incurred or been subject or liable to in case this indemnity had never been given; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, That if any officer of his Majesty's navy shall by false muster or certificate, or in consideration of a gra-such person to tuity of any kind, or by any other collusive or evasive ways or avoid actual means whatsoever, suffer or permit such person to avoid the ac-tua* service as aforesaid, such person shall not only lose the bene-such person fit of this act, but every such officer shall suffer the penalty of lose* the bene- five hundred pounds.

fit of the ad.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority afore-ersons oen- That no person who shall have made such entry with the cleik of the peace as aforesaid, or receive or be intitled to any benefit or advantag % by virtue of this present act of indemnity, _ - be caPa^e of maintaining any action brought or to be brought by him, against any officer of his Majesty's customs or ficers, &c. for excise, or against any person or persons who mail or may have offences in- been aiding or assisting to any officer for or concerning any mat-tended to be ter, cause or thing done or committed by such officer, or by any this adg€d person or persons aiding and assisting him on occasion, or for any other matter or thing by this act intended to be acquitted, indemnified, released and discharged; but such claim is and shall be deemed an absolute discharge and release to such officer, who General issue. may plead the general issue, and give a copy of such claim so as aforesaid entered with the said clerk of the peace, and give this act in evidence, on such action or prosecution.

Prohibition of Provided a > an<* lt ls hereby further enacted by the au-suits against thority aforesaid, That no person, who shall duly enter himself persons enter- to serve as a common sailor in his Majesty's fleet for the term ing themselves of three years at least in pursuance of this act, shall during such term of three years (unless he shall within such space of time desert or withdraw from such service) be liable to be apprehended or imprisoned, or to be fOed or prosecuted in any manner whatsoever, for or on account of any of the offences intended to be released by this act.

tering themselves are disabled from bringing any

CAP. XXX.

An act for allowing a further bounty on vesselt employed in the white herring fishery, for giving liberty to alter the present form and ftze of the nets used in the said fishery; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

ftj Geoi.c.tt.

led, 11 & ix.

WHEREAS by an act made in the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encourage-

1757.] Anno tricesimo GfioRGti II. C. 30.*17

couragcrnent of the British white herring fishery; it is amongst ether things enacted, That os an encouragement to all persons what-foeytTy as well bodies politick and corporate, as others, and also the persons who Should be incorporated by virtue of and under the said a&t to engage in the said white herring fisheriesy that a bounty of thirty shillings per ten Should be paid annually out of such sums as Should he produced cut of his Mayeflfs customs to the owner or owners of all { decked vessels, from twenty to eighty tons burthen, which Should be built after the commencement of the said act for the use of the said fiJberies, and fitted out and employed in the said ffberies, in manner and under the regulations in the said act after-mentioned \ such bounty of thirty shillings per ten to be paid yearly during the space of fourteen years from the commencement of the said act, and no longer^ upon conforming to the regulations of the said act; in which said act it itj amongst'other things enactef That every buss or vessel of the burthen of seventy tonsy and designed for the said fishery, Should on her proceeding to feay have on board one fleet of fifty nets, each net to be thirty yards full upon the ropey and seven fathoms deepy and so in proportion for any vessels of a greater or lesser tonnage; and Should be provided with one other fleet of fifty like nets on board a jogger or tender to attend the said fishery y or left on shore in a proper plate for the use of the said bujs or vessel: and whereas pursuant to the power by the said act given to his said Majesty a society, by the name of the society of The free British fishery, hath been incorporated by charter bearing date the eleventh day of October one thousand seven hundred and fifty: and whereas by another act made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his said Majesty, For fur- a8 q 2 c ther explaining, amending and rendering more effectual the said first mentioned act; and for giving further encouragement for the carrying on the said fishery; and for other purposes therein mentioned; it is enacted, That the several alhivances of three pounds per centum per annum, and the said bounty of thirty shillings per ton granted by the said first mentioned act for the respective terms Herein mentioned, Should be continued for the further term of three years, to be computed immediately from and after the expiration of the said respective terms, in manner in the said act of the twenty eighth year of his said present Majesty mentioned: and whereas the bounty of thirty shillings per ton hath not been found a sufficient bounty on the tonnage of the vessels employed in the said fisheriesy and the nets by the said first mentioned act directed to be employed in the said fish-eries, have been found by experiencey both in their form and depth, to be very inconvenient and unfit for the said fisheries; and it may tend greatly to the support of the said fisheriesy if the vessels employed therein were permittedy during the intervals of the two fishing fca/ons called The Shetland and Yarmouth fisheries, to be otherwise employed; therefore be it enacted and declared, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said bounty of thir- The former ty shillings per ton by the said two several acte granted an^>cc^tyl°

N 2.con-

employed in the fishery.

180 Amo tnctfim&GLoR©nir. c^jo. Cl757J

bnttotied for the respective terms of years therdrtttfoedivoly mentioned, shall from henceforth cease, determine and he at an and in lieu end; and that in lieu thereof a bounty of fifty shillingd Per thereof, so*. toQ on the vessels employed in the said fisheribs, fltallbefsaid Kwfel* ai, d Payable for such term and terms of years to the fitidfoctety, and such other persons as would have been intitled to the foal bounty of thirty shillings per ton by virtue of or underJ»he 'fond two several a<fIs herein before recited, or either of them j in case this act had not been made; and that such bounty ofi fifty shillings per ton shall be paid and payable at such rimes, in focft manner, and by such person and persons, and out of such monies as the said bounty of thirty shillings per ton is by the'fiud two several alls, or either of them, directed to be paid. - »> Liberty given

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, to use such That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said society, and to and for all other person and persons employed in the bid fisherje* {*fisheries, in lieu of the nets by the bid first mentioned tuft directed to be employed in the bid fisheries, to make use of - such nets in the white herring 6(heries as they shall find beftadapted to the said fisheries.

III. Provided always, That each buss or vessel do carry to sea the like quantity of netting in the whole as such bub or vessel is now bound to carry by the bid first mentioned act.

IV. And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where it shall happen that the nets tube employed in the said fisheries shall, by virtue of the liberty and power in and by this present act given and allowed for that purport, vary' from the fiz, e and form of the nets in add by the said first-mentioned act directed to be employed in the said fisheries, that so much of the certificate in and by the bid first mentioned act directed to be given by the officer or officers who (had beap-pointed to examine the bufles or vessels to be employed in the bid white herring fisheries as relates to the fishing nets on board each bub or vessel; and also so much of the oath by the said

uMuc directed to be made by the owner or owners, or agent ap-

ownert, agents pointed by them, or of a proper officer or agent of the said so-and matter*, ciety, and of the master or chief officer of such vessel, as re-an to be va- fines to the nets on board such vessel; may and shall from hence-able^othe" forth be varied and made conformable to such alterations* as (ize and form may be made in such nets so employed in the bid fisheries, by of the nett virtue of the liberty and power herein before for that purpofo padeufeof. given.

Liberty given

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, r°5'np.loy tl, e That after the two fisheries called The Shetland and Yarmouth huervab of* fisheriet b* over >n every year, it shall and may be lawftshto

>n erva*o and for the bid society, in the mean time, and until the commencement of the next ensuing fishing season, to use and employ in any other business not prohibited by law, such of their bufles or vefleis, and no others, as shall have been reaflyand bona fide employed in the said two fisheries then last: preceding, during the whole time of such two fisheries; any thing in tba

bid

so at the like quantity be carried on board each buss.

Certificates

S*ven by the spe&ors.

emWbe eath made by the

the fisheries.

1*1

«7SJ^T Anpo trittfnnaGiOROfrn. c. jo.' U&ftt|lMntioned<act'or ip iht'Chuttt of the said fodety ttb the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Aao whereas by an act made in the twenty ninth year of lysfeid Majesty, intituled, 'so in that fart of Great Britain calUd Scotland, it is amongst other things eoaaed, That from and after the twenty fifth day of

June one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, the staves of all. barrels in which white herrings and wet white fish, in that part of Great Britain called BtotUmi shall be packed or put up,

shall be at lead one half part of an inch in thickness throughout, under such penalty as in the said act is mentioned: and whereas the hid society, and other persons following the said fisheries, have at a very great expence provided a large quantity of barrels for the packing their fish, and no inconvenience hath arisen from the make of such barrels; be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the Regulation of (hid act Of the twenty ninth year of his said Majesty, as relates the thickaefi to the thickness of the barrels to beufed in the packing and put- ot barrel ting up. of white herrings and wet white fish, shall not extend, "o b«reU used or be deemed or construed to extend, to barrels made use of, or in the herring to be made use of by the said society, or by any other person or fiOwry. persons following the said white herring fisheries, by virtue of or under the said, act of the twenty third year of his said present Majesty; any thing in the said act of the twenty ninth year of his bid Majesty to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Free use of all

That the said fodety, and all and every person or persons cm- P°rU ployed in the said fisheries, shall have and exercise the free u(e b^J'high of all ports, harbours, (bores and forelands in Great w^»r mark,

or the idands belonging to the crown of Groat, below and 100 yards

the bigheft high water mark, and for the space of one hundred tb°.ve»00'*F yards on any waste or uncultivated land beyond such mark so*

within the land, for landing their nets, calks and other mate- Ma drying ripls, utensils and stores, and for erecting teats, huts and ft ages, nets.

and for the landing, pickling, curing and reloading their fish,

and in drying their nets without paying any foreland or other dues, or any other sum or sums of money, or other considera-'tien whatsoever for such liberty (except as herein after is ex-eepted) any law, Statute orcuuom whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding: and if any person or persons shall presume to personJ 6b-'demand or receive any dues, sums of money, or other consider- struding fUcls alien whatsoever for the use of any such ports, harbours, (hores use, forfeit or forelands within the limits aforesaid, or shall obstruct the, 00* fiftiermen or other persons employed in the taking Or curing of fish, or drying their nets in the use of the same, every person £» offending shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and levied in manner herein after directed,

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in this s& contained whereharbour shall extend to.exempt the vessels or beau employed in the said or pier duet

fish. arc demands-bie by lavr>the

182 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. C.ji, [1757.

fishing vessels fisheries from the payment of (bch harbour of pier dbes as are fame° P*y^an<* kw 0US^lt to^demanded for ships, vessels or boats, in piers or harbour which are built or artificially made; but that such harbour or pier dues shall be paid in like manner as the same were liable to be paid before the passing of this act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalty where That the penalty herein before mentioned shall and may be proved f°Wt°bC ^eculed and determined by bill, plaint or information, in any lu or* of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; and one moiety of Rich penalty shall be to the use of his Majesty, and the other moiety to such person or persons as Will fuefor or prosecute the same.

The tonnage

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared bounty is not by the authority aforesaid, That the said bounty of fifty shillings to be paid, till per ton herein before given* and granted to vessels employed it* pr^uWd^f finery* flwll not be paid or payable in respect of any

the duty pay- such vefleis, until it shall have been made appear to the satis-able to Green- faction of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, by one wien hospital or more certificate or certificates, receipt or receipts, from the paid? "U y receiver or collector for the time being of the duty of six pence per man per month, payable out of Teamens wages, for the support of the royal hospital at Greenwich, that all monies payable on account of such duty from any vessel, in respect whereof such bounty of fifty shillings per ton shall be demanded, hath been fully paid and discharged; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An act to explain, amend and render more effectual an act paled in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable tbt churchwardens, overfetrs and inhabitants of the parish of Saint Saviour in thi borough of Southwark in the county of Surry, to hold a market within the said fartjh> not interfering with the high street in the said borough.

ot Geo. c. 3. The ground described in the recited afr, ascertained. The bishop of Rochester may grant separate leases of Rochester yard, to the churchwardens and inhabitants of the parish, and to John Howell, esquire. The said leases, and reservations of relit declared to be valid. Where other persons refuse to treat, notice to be given them, that the value of their lands will be settled by a jury. Precepts to be ifliiod accordingly for returning a jury j who are to assess the damage and recorapence, on oath. Jury may be challenged. Verdict of the jury, and judgment of the of thereon, to be conclusive, and to be filed among the records of the quarter-sessions. All contratts and files deemed vaM, and to bar all dower, and estate, See. The further sum of aooool. may be borrowed for the purposes of the act, on annuity for lives, at the rate of Si.

Ser cent, per an. to be charged on the rents and profits of the market.

ate to be made for making good deficiencies in the said fund, to be allowed and signed by the juihees, and collected quarterly j and may be k-yied by distress and sale. Persons aggrieved by the rate, may appeal to the quarter sessions. Collector to pay over the monies to the churchwardens, or to their order; Snd to account before the justices yearly, or oft-ner, and pay over the balance on making up his accounts. Penalty on

1757.] Anno -tricesimo George II. C. 32, 33.

persons selling, or exposing meat to sale, in any house, Sec. except their own. Penalty on persons hawking or exposing to sale, meat, or other.provisidns, within 1000 yards of the market, except in their own (hops, Src. in market time. Forfeitures may be levied by distress and sale} and for want of sufficient di ft refs, offender to be committed. Persons aggrieved, by order of justices may appeal. Powers of the recited aconfirmed, and extended to this adh Charges of this a & to i>e paid out of the first monies raised. Publick act

CAP. XXXII.

An act for draining and preserving certain nmufo and fen lands and low grounds in the parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, in the county of Norfolk.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

ConunilEoners appointed. Penalty on persons acting, if not qualified. Commissioners power to make banks, &c. and to erect engines, paying for the damage $ and if the parties cannot agree, the same to be adjudged by the justices in section. Time and place of trustees meeting. Commissioners may make orders, See. ehoofe officers. Officers may be removed. To give security, Commissioners to lay an eqoal acre-tax, not exceeding as. per acre each year. Highlands not to be charged. Justices to determine differences. Commissioners to borrow money on the tax. Money not to be borrowed but at a publick meeting, and not by less than y of Application of the money. Commissioners may distrain for taxes. Distress may be appraised and fold, after 5 days. Tenants to pay the rates, and dedu& the same out of the rents. Person neglecting to pay the rates, for 2 months after demand, forfeits 58. for every 20s. he fiiail be in arrear j to be levied by distress and sale j if no distress be found, the lands to remain a security ter the tax, &c. Rates liable to the Da^ cneatof the money borrowed. See. Creditors may distrain for interefr, if not paid half-yearly, or within three months after. Alignments transferable without stamp. Persons roaliciously destroying the works, guilty of felony. Persons maliciously flopping up. See. any drain. See. shall forfeit iol. or be kept to hard labour. Penalty for making places for watering in the mill drains. Accounts how to be kept and entered. Commissioners to take the accounts upon oath. Directions concerning dykes and drains, bridges and tunnels. If owners neglect, of may order drains, See. to be made and scoured. Penalty per rod. Money so expended to be levied with charges. Commissioners not to prejudice the navigation of the Ouze. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds m w the several parities of Ramsey, Bury, Wistow, Warboys, Farceitt, Stand ground and Water* newton in the county of Huntingdon, and of Poddington in the isle of Ely and county of Cambridge.

Lands divided into fix districts. Commissioners for the first district j for the second district*for the third district; for the fourth district; for the fifth district 5 for the sixth district. Perpetual of Commissioners to be elected annually. Commissioners dying, See. others to be chosen. Qualification of of Penalty on persons acting, if not qualified. Meetings of of Commissioners to make and inaimam works. Waters passing from highlands, See in first and second districts, not to be excluded from the proper outlets, &c. Satisfaction to be made. In case of difference, damages to be settled at the quarter sessiona. If any private mill is taken down, of to make satis» fadhon to the owner. Commissionera may appoint officers, and allow them faltries. Officers to give security. Commissioners not to hold a place of profit. The acre tax for the respective districts. Ramley Hern,

&c. exempt from all taxes. Taxes to be levied by distress and sale. Tenants may pay taxes, and deduct them from their relit; except where there is a lease of three years to come. Grounds unoccupied to remain

a

Anns -tnccrkno- GEOftCmrlfc ct 34.1 r. If Tit*

liepurity fot the taxes. The<juantityv of £*e»ble Jw4* to ' M

the owners. Highlands not to be charged. Manner of determining which jure highlands. Mr. Wyldbore's lands «6t to he taxed while the bahki are supported; Taxes may be aligned for money borrowed. Mortgage* may be assigned t and affigwnwntatfaqsfenrcd. The fnms to be borrow* ed in each respective district. Taxes to be security for mqnies borrowed. Application bt the monies. Charges of the act to be paid in equmpart* by each district. Annual meetings for parting accounts. 1 Officers ro account on oath. Certain owners may erect Ranches. A mill or foills tab# placed at the opening of Ada drain into forty foot river* Ash chain end Willow fen drain to be kept open with eonfeat of the corporation of Bedford level. Northey bank may be repaired- Ramsey Hern to be imbank-ed. Commissioners may build abridge. Out ring and division ewes to be kept open by the proprietors. No cut to be made in whole lajtds. "Si* ception. Penalty on making fockdikes, See. AH mils f disch*gc*h#

[Publick act.]

water qither into BevilTs river, river Nene or Whittlesea m«br.r: iC#ff*iii works to be drained separately. Delph dike to remain dammed up. L^nd* which shall not'be cut. No trees to be planted within id poles bf any mill. Persons discharging water by any engine, except httb Wi# river biene, See, shall forfeit 50l. No private bank, See, to be aimed/till new ones are made % Allowance to be made from the nth to the^tbjdiffrifty Periods damaging the works, to forfeit tool, and for want of d#reu, tq be committed. Persons destroying mills, &c. to suffer as felons. MiHs to be insured. Allowances for catching moles. Proceedings to be fehter-cd in books i books may be produced and read in evidenocln^cases of appeals Quorum of commiaionars of the several district*, ^Nb -wider made by the of shall be altered, &c. unless 10 days notice^ be first given. All proceedings to be at a meeting. Penalties and forfeiuiiei |wew to be recovered and applied. This act not to interfere with the Con-fcrvators of Bedford level. 15 Car. a. c. 17. Reservation ofrigbdstO of for orefexving the navigation of Salter's load floioc.te. »7 Gcq. 2. c. 12. Kefervation of Vigbts to lords of manors. Limitation of actions. General iflfue. Double cotts.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act to enable the cornmijtoners for building Westminster Bridjgc, to widen the Sheet or avenue leading from Cockspur Street, to the passage in Spring Garden, hear Saint JamesV park.

WHEREAS commissmersfor building a bridge cross the rivy Thames, from the Woofstaple, or thereabouts % in the parish of Saint Magaret, in the city of Westminster, to the Pppofitf /bore in the county of Surry, are by virtue of fevered former acts tf parliament passed in the reign of his present Majesty, or by virtue; jof some or one of them, impowered to makey opea9 design % fjign % and lay outy such new ways, streets and passages, as they shall find prefer to be opened and made on each side the river Thames, toani from the said bridge, the courts of justice, both houses of parliament y and the parts adjacent; and to agree for and purchasejuch housesapd grounds as they shall find necessary for them to be Possessed of* and to be removed, rebuilt, pulled downy or employed for those purposes, iompritfd within certain bounds and limits particularly mentioned and defer ibid in the said respective acts, or some or one of them / and 'whereas the % v<*y> Jfirett or avenue y leading from Cockfyur Street, in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the liberty of Westminster, /* the passage in Spring Gardens leading to Saint James's

party

lyjyjJ; Anno tficofimaXSeoRG'irll.c 34* l55

park* dH&ftoitifbenci m'Mfrbottth of parliaitishi, Westminster tm4 IhtcoUris of juflifo> Wr Westminster Bridge, might be Monfavdimori open, fafi and commodious, for the case of pofftngers and the pcMci benefit^ than the same now is, in cafrthe said commtf/ioii&s enabled to open and widen tie said way, $r avenue, and, to purchase, pull down and remove, such buildings and beufes+oud to take pojjiffion of such grounds and estates, as they shall think Jpcnpet and necessary for those purposes \ wherefore, for the prptiietitfr d iMrgn so useful and beneficial to the publick, may it please j^Mmf^eUent Majesty, that it may be enacted fund be it en-King's mail excellent majesty, by and with the ad-vifce>and content of the lords spiritual and temporal and com- enhnroweied iboils, in t^ris present parliament assembled, and by the authority to widen the of the same; That the said of, or any five or more avenues lead-of/ them, shall have full power and authority to open and widen ^om the way, ft relit or avenue, now leading from Cockjpur Street, in theto the

partfh of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the liberty of Westminster, callage in

}o the passage in Spring Garden, leading to Saint James's para, in Spring Gar-uch manner as they shall think proper. den j

s iL And for the better performance and execution thereof, be and to pur-it further eftacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said chafe housei £omroiflfoners, or any five or more of them, shall h*ve full power and authority to agree with the owner or owners, and occupier or occupiers, for the purchase of thefreehold and inheritance of aH purport and every such building or buildings, house or houses, grounds and eftases, -as they the said of, or any five or more of them, shall think necessary for them to be possessed of, or to be removed, rebuilt, pulled down, disposed of, or employ* ed, for the purposes of this act, comprized within the bounds arid4 limits following; that is to say, ntuate, (landing, lying or betng'iipan, near or adjoining to the said way, street or avenue, on the east side thereof, as for as a certain messuage or building, messuages dr buildings, now in the occupation of Robert faylor statuary, his undertenants or assigns, and abutting north'on Cockjbur Street, and south on Spring Gardens; and also to purchase and become possessed of the freehold and inheritance of all such buildings, houses, grounds and estates, and of all relit charges, annuities, mortgages, terms of years, or incumbrances whatsoever affetfting the same; any thing in the said several former acts of parliatatnt, or any of them, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas it may happen, that some person or persons, bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie,

'fetites covert, and their husbands in the right of such femes covert r'efpettively, trustees or feoffees in trufl, guardians, and committees for htuHicks and ideots, executors and administrators, or other trustees or guardians for femes covert, infants, issue unborn, or other ceftuir yue trusts, qr for some charitable or other use or uses, or others who are themselves, or whose respective wards or aftuique trush, are seised, possessed of, or inti tied unto, same of the buildings, houses, grounds, irfflateS) tvkick may be thought necessary so be peer chafed, removed,

j % 6 Anno tricesimor Georgii II. c. 34. \ >757.

pulled dew n, di/fe/ed of or employed by the said commissioneroy within the bounds and limits, and for the purposes mentioned and pro* scribed in and by this act9 or of same estate or interfji therein, or of some charge or incumbrance affixing the fame9 may be willing to treat for and agree to fell such buildings, houses, grounds or estates, in order to perfect the useful and beneficial works intended by this aQ9 but are incapable of granting or conveying the same, by reason cf some di/*ability, or not being under any^disability may ref use to treaty agree for9 or fell the same > be it therefore enacted by the authority a-and in order foresaid, That the said of, or any five or more of thereto, they them, shall and may, in order to purchase and become pofleiT-measure* asby c<* fevcra^ buildings, houses, grounds and estates, to be

any former purchased by virtue of, and under this act, take, use and follow, acts they are all or any such ways, means, methods and proceedings, and obr impowered to serve such ru|es aIMj directions, as by any act or acts of parliar dom like ment heretofore passed in the reign of his present Majesty, they are enabled to take, use, follow, and observe, in order to be purchased, or be possessed of any other houses, grounds and estates; and that all and every the powers and authorities, dauses, rules, forms and directions, prescribed, mentioned, expressed and contained, in each and every of the said act and acts of parliament heretofore passed in the reign of his present Majo-fty, in any wise relating to the said of purchasing or becoming possessed of any other houses, grounds or estates whatsoever, or to any body or bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, or any other person. or persons whatsoever, felling, disposing of, or conveying any houses, grounds or estates, by any of the said last mentioned act or acts directed to be sold, purchased and conveyed; or for obliging the high bailiff* of Westminster to summon juries, and for oblige ing such juries to assess the value of any such houses, grounds or estates, or any interest therein, in case any person or persons having or claiming to have any such estate or interest, shall rei-fuse to fell or convey the same to the said of, or to manifest a sufficient title thereto; or in case the person or persons intitled to any such estate or interest therein, cannot be found, or to the disposal, paying, depositing, or vesting of any sum or Aims of money thereby directed to be disposed of, paid, deposited, or veftea, as the considerations for the purchase of, or value assessed for any of the said houses, grounds or estates, or to the obliging persons to produce title deeds, books, papers or writings, for inspection and perusal, or to the obliging any persons to appear, and be examined on oath as witne&-Claafes in the es5 and every other rule, clause, matter and thing, in each and several former every of the said la ft-mentioned act and acts of parliament men-acts still in tioned and contained, and now b^ing in force, shall and are ed^o^he^ur* hereby declared to be of full force and effect, to all intents and chases, See. topurposes, for enabling the said of, or any five or bemndeuuder more of them, to purchase the freehold and inheritance, and this act. to become possessed of, and to pull down, and remove any of the buildings, houses, grounds and estates within the bounds

*75^3 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 34. 187

and limits mentioned and prescribed in this present act; and shall extend, and be in all respects deemed and construed to extend, to all and every the said last mentioned buildings, houses, grounds and estates, and to all bodies politick, corporate and collegiate, corporations aggregate and foie, femes covert, and their husbands, trustees, and feoffees in trust, guardians and committees for lunaticks and ideots, executors, administratorsv and all other trustees and guardians, whether for femes covert, infants, issue unborn, or other cestuique irusts, or for any charitable or other uTe or uses; and to all other persons whatsoever having or claiming to have, either in their own right of otherwise howsoever, any estate, right, title or interest, in, to or out of the said taft-mentioned buildings, 1 houses, grounds and estates; and to the methods and proceedings, for conveying and absolutely issuing the same to the said of or their trustees,

with good titles, usual and reasonable covenants, and free from incumbrances; and for barring, doeking, and cutting off all estates tail, dower, and right of dowerj and also to bar the rrg^ht of all and every person and persons, who shall not enter their said claim or clairhs, and prosecute the same with effect, in the manner, and within the times prescribed and limited by the said acts of parliament, or some or one of them, as fully and effectually as if the said powers and authorities, rules, forms, directions, clauses, matters and things, mentioned and contained in each of the said acts of parliament heretofore passed in the reign of his present Majesty, were particularly and at large repeated and enacted in the body of this present act

IV. And whereas by means of the purchases which the said commissioners are hereby impowered to make, they may be possessed of one or more piece or pieces of ground, over and above what may be necessary for the opening and widening the way, Jireet or avenue; be it They may also further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may iett or dispose be lawful to and for the said of, or any five or more of any piece of of them, to lett, sell or dispose of any such piece or pieces of gu0r"fbpur-ground, either together or in pareels, as they shall find most ad- n£t QC-vantageous and convenient, to any person or persons who shall ceflar'y for be willing to contract, agree for, or purchase the same j that it widening the shall and may also be lawful to and for the said of, r or any five or more of them, to design, assign and lay out, inb^td manner what manner any neW houses shall be erected and built on any any new of the said piece or pieces of ground which they may be pof- houses shall be felled of as aforesaid, over and above what may be necessary for«bujjt thereon*the opening and widening of the said way, street or avenue $ and breadth and likewise of what breadth and extent such way, street or avenue extent of the shall be; and also to sell and dispose of the materials of such house street*or houses, building or buildings, as they the said of, ancJ tell the old or any five or more of them, shall purchase and cause to be pull- materials. ed down by virtue of this act

V. Provided always, That the money arising by the sale or thereby to letting of such grounds, and felling the materials of the houses applied in dc. and buildings to be purefiafed and pulled down as aforesaid, shall fraying the

be cha* «(the tiuit.

ill Anoo triccHma GtxOUiU II. <^34.

[1

be employed, paid and dispofied «f, by the said commifiooen^ or any five or more of them, towards defraying, the durgea and expences of executing the powers and traits hereby bathna

itposed.

VI. And in order to prof the fold way, ftroet or avmm,

hereby intended to be opened and when the same food be fa

opened and widened; and also the and buildings that faail be erefled on any of the grounds whith shall be let or sold by the food

commissioners, by virtue of this a£J, free from nuifanees and aeaeay ances* and to preserve the uniformity and beauty thereof be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a certain aA of Powers and parliament passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his

Tc % ^cnt Majesty, intituled An act for granting further powers totha extended to9commissioners for building a bridge trofs the river Thames, from the (beet to the city of Westminster, to the oppositi shore in the county of Surry; be widened and for the better enabling them to finish the said bridge* and to under this&, perform the other truji reposed in thm\ and all and every the powers, authorities, clauses, matters and things, therein mentioned and contained, which are now in force, shall extend and be deemed and taken to be to all intents and punpofea in full force, with re(pe& to the said last mentioned way, Greet or avenue, when the same shall be so opened and widened as aforesaid; and to the owners and occupiers of such houses and build* ings, as shall be let or sold by the said of by virtue of this act, for effectually impowering and enabling them the said of, or any five or more of them, from time te time, to perform, use and exercise all and every the like powers and authorities for preferring the said way, street or avenue, and the said last mentioned houses and buildings, free from nuisances and annoyances, or for abating any such nuisances, and preferring and for preserving the uniformity and beauty of such houses and tlKoaUbriBfty buildings; and for a better and more effectual enforcing the co-S°* vcnants, conditions, agreements, limitations and rtnn&ions,

Ibe buildings, un(jcr which the said of shall let or fell any pieces of ground or buildings by virtue of this act, as are expressed and Contained so the said act of the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, with respect to the several dreets and pre mines therein mentioned, as fully as if the said several powers, authorities, clauses, matters and things, in that act mentioned and contained, were particularly and at large repeated and re* enacted in the body of this present act,

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of all or any of the aids or supplies granted to bio Majesty, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, there may and shall be applied and paid to the said of for building the said bridge, or any five or more of them, or to such person or persons as shall be appointed

5ool. grant- under the hands and seals of the said of, or any five nri to the com- or more of them, to receive the same, the sum of two thousand missioners for five hundred pounds without account (other than as is herein ir* Pna°kS 10 & applied towards purchasing bofoe$ and

<UI ground*

for keeping the same free from nui-duces.

Anno IT. C. 34. ^$9

ground«'fbf Wkfcmhgthfc faM way, street or avenue, aruTfor making th# same more commodious and useful to the publick, m& for tftb 'payment of other iricMental charges and expences attending the execution of this act, in such manner, and at such thma, as the said of, or any five or more of them,

shall fro*) time to time direct.

s Vltt. And be it dfo enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Account of the said Commissioners for building the said bridge, shall lay an the application accotinf fef the application, as well of the said Run of two thour tb«ofi &c. (and fivehandred pounds, as of all other monies raised by virtue paSfe-of this4he said former acts, and by them applied and mcat#.expended, before both hottfes of parliament, within twenty days after the opening of every session of parliament, in the lame inanneras they are directed to do by the said former acts.

'IXr And be it further enacted by the authority

That att such costs and charges as shall be expended in obtain- be paid oat

ing, Of byreasonof passing this present act, and suchmonies as shall of the Gudmo*

become due to any person or persons employed in pursuance nies.

hereof, shall be paid out of the monies to be raised by virtue

hereof./

X. And whereas part of the lands and grounds intended t& be purchased by virtue of this act, are the freehold and inheritance of the right reverend Jotter Zachary Pearce, the present lord bishop of Rochester: and whereas a surety and estimate of the value of toe said lands and grounds, and of the buildings and erefiions thereon, has been had and made by two indifferent persons, with the consent of the /hidford bishop, who have valued and estimates the same at the jum of, {

ant thousand three hundred and forty five pounds: and whereas the /hid lord bishop is willing to accept of the said sum of one thousand three hundred and forty five pounds, in full Jatisfaflion for all his t

tight, title, and interest whatsoever, in the same, and the street ad- — .'

joining \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the Taid lord bishop of Rochester, or the person or persons who t*ttabiifopaf shall be respectively intitled to the said lands and grounds, withHochester the buildings and ereltions thereon, now belonging to the said M451- for tke lord bishop of Rochester, shall, on'or before the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, signify to the said property, oa of, in writing, his, her or their consent, to accept the hU making said sum of one thousand three hundred and forty five pounds, ou* a title, for his, her or their interest in the said premises, and shall do,nd ProPer perform and execute, all and every matter and thing as shall be onveyMICC* itecessary and required by the said of, or any five or, more of them, for compleating and perfecting his, her or their title to the said premisses, and for conveying the same to the said Commissioners, in such manner as they, or any five or more of them, shall direct and appoint \ then, and in such case, the said of, or any five or more of them, shall, and they are hereby impowered and required, out of the said sum off two*"

thousand five hundred pounds, to pay and apply the sum of one thousand three hundred and forty five pounds, to the said lord ., Whop of Rochester, or to the such person or persons as shall be*1

?e % eltively intitled to the said premisses, in such and the like 6 man*

Anno tricelkno Georgii II. c. 35. [1757.

manner, as any Turn or Turns agreed for by the said commissioners are diretfted to be paid by virtue of any former acts.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when the said Way, street or avenue* shall be opened and widened, the foot way on the west side thereof shall be raised six inches at least, above ciucv*.- caage way> an^ b2 paved with good flagg stone, and riagVwayTaud be made in thenarroweft part, not less than nine feet wide; and tobe paved that the said carriage way shall not thereafter be altered, so as

190

The foot way of the streets to be raised six inches above the car-

with flagg stone.

to raise the fafne nearer the surface of the said foot way, than the same shall be left, when finished, in pursuance of this adh Lights of the

XII. Provided also, That in the making the said fdotway, cellar story not care be taken not to obstruct the lights of the cellar story adjoin-to be obftnidt- ing to the said foot way.

«d thereby.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commissioners That the said of, and each and every other person and persons or persons authorized by the said of, or any five or ^mgindem- more them, to do any act in execution of any of the powers nified for what intended to be hereby vested in the said commmioners, are anid they shall do. shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do in pursuance of this act; and that if any action shall be brought, or suit commenced, against any person or persons, for any thing done in

}>urfuance of this act, or in relation to the premisses herein be-ore mentioned, every such action or suit shall be laid or brought within six calendar months after thefadf done; and such action Limitation of shall be laid in the county of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and fb°n8, the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, shall and General issue. may at ji^ty to plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands lying in the South Level, part of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between Brandon River and Sams's Cut Drain j and for impowering the governor, bailiffs and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the said great level, to fell certain lands within the said limits, commonly called Invested Lands.

Who shall be of for Dutting the act in execution. First of for Feltwel, Helgay, fcouthery and Methwold. Proprietors to meet in March annually, to chuse of If no election shall be made in any year, the commissioners for the preceeding year to be continued. Qualification of commissioners. Commissioners to meet half yearly, or oftener. Then- first general meeting to be held at Feltwell. Subsequent meetings where. Commissioners to make orders for draining, Sec. and to appoint proper officers. Collectors to give security. is. to be paid to each commissioner for his attendance atany meeting. Commissioners impowered to scour and make cuts, drains, and other works. The watersto be thrown off into the Ouse and Brandon. Satisfaction to be made for damages done in erecting new works. Differences to be settled by the justices at their quarter fefiiors. Acre rates to be made for defraying the expences. Highlands not subject to be rated. Hod and turf pools not rateable for seven years. Decoy of Robert Clough may be imbanked, and is not ratea'-ble. Two persons to be appointed to set out the of portion of common, to be enjoyed in severalty, and to vest in the of in trust, See. The fen reeves neglecting, the justices are to appoint a proper person. Commissioners may borrow money on the rates, with interest. Application of the money borrowed. Principal not to exceed 4000l. Rates

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 36. 191

charged with the principal and interest, and on non-payment to vest in the creditors. Assignments may be transferred. Entry to be made thereof.

Rates on non-payment, after notice, may be levied by distress and sale

Tenants to pay the rates, and deduct the same out the relit. Exception.

Where no distress can be found, the la nth are to remain a security $ and if lands shall be dug up into hods or tars, taxes are to be levied on owner's goods wheresoever found. Horse mills and other engines may be erected on arable lands, to drain the same. Owners neglectng to rode, &c. the leading dikes and lay proper tunnels, collectors to cause the same to be done, and levy the expence. Penalty on persons making watering places for cattle in milldrains, or driving waggons on the banks. Penalty of destroying the banks, or other works, &c. Accounts of receipts and di£> burfements to be audited annually; and the vouchers to be produced, Sec.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Accounts when allowed to be entered in 3 books, &c. Rights of the conservator of Bedford Level reserved to them. 1$ Car. c. 17, so Car. a.*c. 8. The corporation's receiver is to pay out of the taxes of the south and middle levels, the rates chargeable hereby on the invested lands, until the said lairds are fold. Commissioners to be appointed annually for the invested lands. The said lands may be sold by auction, givingnotice of such &le« Corporation to make a conveyance thereof to the purchasers. The said lands are liable to be rated after sale, as they were before. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for draining and preferring certain fen lands, low grounds and commons in the townships or hamlets of March and Wimbnngton, and in the parish of Upwell in the ille of Ely and county of Cambridge*

Lands to be divided into fix diilri&s: The first district. Second distract-Third district. Fourth district. Fifth district. Sixth district. Commife sioners for ift, 3d, 5th and 6th districts. Commissioners in titled but to one vote. Commissioners for the second district. Fourth district. Election of of for fourth district. Qualification. Agents may be appointed.

For qualifying persons jointly possessed of estates. Meetings for the j espective districts. Where to be held. Commissioners to make and maintain works*making satisfaction. Officers to be appointed. Taxes on several lands. The quantity of rateable lands to be given in by the owners. Taxes on common nghts; how to be apportioned, and raised. Separate collectors. Certain lots exempted. Highlands not to be charged. Manner of determining which are highlands. Exemption in2ddiftriCh Money to be borrowed. Ana assignments transferred. The sums to be borrowed in each respective district.

Taxes not to be under a certain rate when money is owing. Taxes to be security for monies borrowed. Application of the monies. Charges of the act to be paid in equal parts by each district. Taxes to be levied by distress and sale. Tenants may pay taxes, and deduct them from their rent} except where there is aleafe of three years to come. Taxes upon Eftepher farm, &c. to be paid by the tenants. Grounds unoccupied to remain a security for the taxes. No order made by the of (halt be altered, &c. unless 10 days notice be first given. All orders to be made at meetings. Persons destroying mills, See. to suffer as felons. Persons damaging the works, to forfeit 100l. Penalty on working horse mills, See,

Accounts how to be settled. Proceedings to be entered in books; books may be produced and read in evidence in cases of appeals. Satisfaction to be made for private mills. Allowance to be made in the 4th district for private banks. Private works not to be altered until the mills are ready to work. Directing bridges and tunnels to be erected and made.

Penalty on making watering places and fock dikes. See. A bank to be made on the west side of Plant Water, Owner's of Barber's Lot may maintain the bank to the gravel bank. Mr. Collier to support his bank.

Outring ditch next to Mr. Collier's lands to be cleansed How watersare to be drained fioin ill and 2d district. No trees to be planted within 20 poles of any mill. Drains not to be made thro' Mr. Brown's lands. Penalty on neglecting to cleanse dikes, &c. Notice of meetings for the second district. Saving of rights to tht corporation of Bedford Level!.15 Car.

Where any

provisions,

193 Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 37* 38.' ['1^57*

[Public act.]

a. c. ly. Reservation of right* to commifteheii for prdenorig the navigation of Salter's Load Sluice, See. 27 Geo a. c. i*. Limitation of actiona< General issue. Treble coih.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for enlarging the times limited for executing and performing several provisions, powers and directions in certain acts of this session of parliament.

WHEREAS by certain acts of this present session of parliament y several provisions, powers and authorities therein contained, have been or may be required, directed or authorized trie executed on or before the day of the passing of fitch acts respectively, whereby several doubts and difficulties may artfe with respect to the execution of the said aBs, and the good purposes thereby intended may bede seated; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, powers. See. by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and are directed to temporal and commons in this present parliament assembled, be executed and by the authority of the same, That in case any ad of hath palied, or doth or shall pass, at any time what-before^day "3CVer during this present session of parliament, whereby any &c. on which* provision, power or authority, or any matter or thing hath been, such act shall is or shall bedirected, required or authorized to be executed, happen to done or performed, on or before any day which hath been, is or the (ameroay 1^ie PanS> or which hath, is or shall have

be executed^ elapsed, before the passing of any such ad respectively; in each and every such case, all such provisions, powers, authorities, matters and things, as have been, are or shall bedireded or re* quired to be executed, done or performed, on or before the days respectively limited in every such ad, shall be and are hereby directed and required to be executed, done or performed, on or before the fourteenth day after the day of passing this act, by the persons respectively, who in every such ad respectively have been, are or shall be directed or required to execute, do or perform the same, on or before the days therein limited; and all such provisions, powers, authorities, matters and things, as have been, are or shall be authorized to be executed, done or performed, on or before the respective days limited in every such ad respectively, may be and are hereby authorized to be executed, done and 7 performed, on or before the said fourteenth day after the day of passing of this act, by the persons respectively who have been, and the mat are or shall be authorized to execute, do or perform the same; ten so done de- and all such provisions, powers, authorities, matters and things q]"2*to* executed, done and performed, on or before the said fourteenth

day after the day of patting this act, shall be as valid and effectual, and be deemea and taken, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been executed, done and performed, on or before the days limited in every such ad respectively; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads in ' r to the tow a of Tcnbury in the counties at Salop, Worcester and

on or before the 14th day after passing this act;

and ncart Hereford.

f $jp.J Ataotrioesimo-GBDRsn II.'c. 39, -4*.

CAP. XXXIX.

Airaft for repairing and widening several foada leading to, through and from the town of Frome in the county of Soinerfet; hnd for giving further powers to the truffeesin an act passed in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the roads from the town of - Wannmfter in the county of Wilts, to the city of Bath in the county of Somerset, au4 other roads therein mentioned,

CAP. XL.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two acts of parliament, one passed in the third, and the other in the seventeenth year of the rfeign of hw present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from a gatecasted hhipftoo Toll.gate at Bridgetown in the parish of Old Stratford in the county of Warwick, through Alderinixmer and Shipston upon Stower, to the topofLong Compton Hill in the said county of Warwicks and also for repairing the road leading from the first mile (tone (landing on the said Shipffon road, through a lane called Clifford Lane, and thro* Mkkleton and Chipping Campden, to a place called Andover's Ford, in the county of Gloucester.

CAP. XLI.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair; the road from the turnpike road at the bottom of Shaw Hill in the parish of Melksham, through Googes Lane, Corsham, Biddtlton and West Yatton, to the'turnpike roaefat Upper Combe in the parish of Castlecombe in the county of Wilts.

CAP. XLII.

An act for the ascertaining and collecting the poor's rates 5 and for the better ordering and regulating the poorin the parish of faint Luke in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the town of Hitchin in the county of Hertford, through the town of Shefford and Carrington Cotton End, to, a lane opposite a farm house called faint Leonard's, leading into the turnpike road from St. Alban's to the town pr Bedford; and also the road from the turning out of the aforesaid road into He mow Field to Gerford Bridge; and also the road from the town of Henlow, over Henlow bridge, to Arlefcy in the county of Bedford.

CAP. XLIV.

Act act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Bucfcigb Bridge in the tovyn of Loughborough, to Ashby dc la Zouch in the county of Leicester., -

CAP. XLV.

An Act forjonending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the jeaft^ncLof the town of Hertford in the county of Hertford, through Watton to Broadwater; and from the town of Ware, through WattQns to the north end of the towns of Walkern in the said county.

CAP. XLVI.

Afi act for amending^ widening, making commodious, and keeping in repair, the road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Brickerf Barn in the parish.X)t Corsham in the county of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge in the county of Somerset.

CAP. XLvir.

A#act for making the river Blyth navigable from Halesworth Bridge in the county of Suffolk, into she haven of Southwould.

CAP. xLvni.

An act for r^paWii\rand widening the road from Towpefter; tfo-ough Sil-yerflpa a^d BwnMy ia tha county of Northampton, and Ardkfv and VOL XXII. O*Mid-

w

>vl

J. J

Anno tricesimo Georgii II. ©, [1757.

Middleton Stoney, to Weston gate in the parish of Weston on the Green.in the county of Oxford.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Markfield turnpike in the County of Leicester, over Charley, other wise Charnwood forest.thro' the town of Whitwick; and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the road leading from the town of Loughborough, to the town of Ashby de la Zouch in the said county, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a place called Snape Cate.

CAP. L.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping m repair, the roads leading from the village of Milford in the county of Surry, through Petwotth, to the top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petworth, to Stephen* Bridge in the county of Sussex.

CAP. LL

An act for explaining and amending several acts of parliament for repairing the roads between a place called the White Post, on Alconbury Hill and Wansford Bridge in the county of Huntingdon, and between Norman Crols Hill in the said county, and the city of Peterborough, with fefpeft to the elections of new trusteea, the power of competing perfbw employed by the trustees in the execution or such acts, to deliver up such books and papers relating thereto as are in their custody, and aUb to the manner of fttmiltoning and holding the meetings of the trustees.

CAP. LIL

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road leading from the north end of the Cow Cawfey, near the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the town of Belford .* and from thence to Buckton Burn in the county of Northumberland 3 and for making the same more effectuaL

CAP. LIII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by ttfro acts of parliament, one passed in the fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George, and the other in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways from Crown Corner in the town of Reacting, leading by and through the several parishes of Shinfield and Heckfield in the several counties of Berks, Wilts and Southampton, to Basingstoke in the county of Southampton.

CAP. LIV.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two several a#s passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, the one for.repairing the roads from a place castled the Red House near Ooncaftes to Wakefield, and through the said town of Wakefield by Dewsbury, Hightown and Lightciiff, to the town of Halifax in the West Riding of the county of Yorlc 5 and the other for repairing the road from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a place called Weeland in the township of Henfall 3 and from Pontefract to Wentbridge in the town-ship of Darrington in the west riding of the county <ef York.

CAP. LV.

An act for rebuilding the bridge over the river Ribble, between the townships of Preston and Penwortham, near a place called The Fish House in the county palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. LVI.

An act for rebuilding and keeping m repair the shire hall of the county of Warwick.

1757.] Anno tricesimo Georgii II. c. 57, -65. «9?

CAP. LVII.

An act for enlarging the term nod powers granted by an act passed in the twmty fixjrb year of the reign of his present Majesty, in bailed, An a&for rrktaring j&virol roods leading into the city of Gfafgow, 4o far as the hone relates to certain roads mentioned in the said act; aiidaHo to enlarge the term and powers granted by ait act passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain^ amend\ and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty fixih year of the reign of bu frefmt Majestyj intituled An act for repairing fertral roads leading into the city ot GUfcow; and tt> repair several other roads leading into the said city; and for building abridge cross the river of Xnchinnan.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for enlarging the term, and amending and altering several powers granted by an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majestys reign, for opening, cleanfrng, repairing and improving the haven of Southwould in the county of Suffolk.

CAP. UX.

An act for building a bridge over the river Lea, at or near a placp called Jeremy's Ferry; and /or making, repairing, and widening roads from thence into the great roads at Snaresbrook in the county of E&x, and at Clapton in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. LX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the north end of Dap-don Wharf in theparhh of Stoke, ncatGuWeford, through <3uldeford to Andrew's Cross, and to Alford Bars in the county of Surry, and from thenoe to Saint Mary's Gate io Arundel in the county of Suffcac.

CAP. LXI.

An act for repairing the road from a place called The Golden Farmer, near Bagshot in the county of Surrey, to Hertfordbridge hill in the

W wWroWBnp»vii

CAP. LXII.

An act for making the river Ivel, and the branches thereof navigable, from the river Ouce at Tempsfprd in the county of Bedford, to Shot-ling Mill, otherwise called Burnt Mill in the parish of Hltchin in the county of Hertford; and to Black Horse Mill in the paaiih of Bygrave in the said county Of Hertford; and to the fonth and north bridges in the town of Shefford in the said county of Bedford.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for budding a bridge or bridges cross the river of Thames, from a certain place in Old Brentford in the parish of Ealing in the county of Middlesex, known by the name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the oppose shore in the county of Surry,

CAP. LXIV.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two acts of parliament of the Hr(Fand ieveatcunth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending feversd roads leading to and from the Borough«f Evesham in the county of Worcester; and for explaining and making more effectual the said acts; and also for ameoding, widening and keeping in repair, several other roads in the counties of Worcester, Warwick and Gkmcester.

CAP. LXV.

An act for cleaning, paving and lightening the streets of the city of Bath, and liberties thereof; and for regulating chairmen; and also for the keeping a sufficient and well regulated watch in the night time, in the

196

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. i.

[1758.

said city and liberties; and to oblige all owners of houses, and other buildings within the said city and liberties, to bring down the water from the roofs of their houses, and other buildings, by proper pipes, down the (ides or walls of such houses and buildings; and also to oblige all coal carriages to pafc by the borough walls of the said city during the night season.

CAP. LXVI.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the lift session of parliament. For repairing and widening several mads hading from agate coiled Poole Gate in the town and county of Poole.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repatrinjg and enlarging the highways between the top of Kingsdown Hill and the city of Bath, and for amending several other highways therein mentioned, leading to the said city $ and also for repairing several other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from SpaldingHigh Bridge, through Littleworth, and by Frognall, and over Jamespeeping Stone Bridge in the county of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang in the county of Northampton, adjoining the high road there.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Wrexham in the county of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridfeftn the county of Flints and from the town of Mold, to Northopp, fMf-wdl and Rhuddlan in the same county; and from thence to the Ferry House opposite to the town of Conway in the county of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the said town of Mold.

