THE

Statutes at large,

Anno tricefimo nono et quadragejlmo

GEORGII III. Regis:

Being the FOURTH Seffion of the

Eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain,

VOL. XLIL PART II.

A

TABLE

OF THE
	
STATUTES

Pafled in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of his Majefty

KING GEORGE the THIRD.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

Cap. 1. FOR enabling his Majefty to accept the fervices of 1/ an additional number of volunteers from the militia, under certain reftri&ions.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 3. For continuing and granting to his Majefty a duty on penfions, offices, and perfonal eftates, in England, Wales% and the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain duties on fugar, malt, tobacco, and {huff, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 4. For raifing a certain fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred j and for permitting exchequer bills, iffued under an aft of the laft feflion of parliament, for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the confolidated fund, and for other purpofes, if not paid by a certain day, to be received in payment of any of the branches of the publkk revenue.

Cap. 5. For enabling his Majefty to dire& the iffue of exchequer bills to a limited amount, and in the manner therein men* tioned, for the relief of the merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster, Cap. 6. To enable the lords commiifioners of his Majefty’* treafury to iffue exchequer bills to a limited amount, on the credit of fuch monies as may arife by virtue of an aft g|^b^l6©oc

a 2	eighth

A TABLE of the STATUTES

eighth year of his prefent Majefty's reign, for granting certain additional duties of cuftoms on goods exported and imported, and on tohnageof (hips entering outwards or inwards to or from foreigft parts, until the figning the preliminary articles of peace; and upon an aft of lad fdlion of parliament for granting certain duties upon income.

Cap. 7. To prohibit, until the firft day of March one thou-fand eight hundred, the making of low wines or fpirits from wheat, barley, malt, or other fort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or any bran, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 8. For reducing, until the firft day of June one thoufand eight hundred, the duties upon Tpirits diftilled from mehffes or fugar, or any mixture therewith ; for prohibiting the diftillation of fpirits from wheat or wheat flour; and for reducing, until the twentieth day of September one thoufand eight hundred, and better collefting the duties payable on the importation of ftarch.

Cap. 9. To continue, until the twentieth day of February one thoufand eight hundred, feveral laws relating to the prevention and punifhment of attempts to feduce perfons ferving in his iMajcfty’s forces; to the empowering his Majefty to accept the fervices of fuch parts of the militia of this kingdom as may offer to ferve in Ireland; to the admifflon of certain articles of merchandize in neutral fhips, and the iftuing of orders in council for that purpofe; to the authorifing his Majefty to make regulations refpefting the trade to the Cape of Good Hope \ to the eftablifhing courts of judfeature in the ifiand of Newfoundland; to the enabling his Majefty to permit goods to be.imported into this kingdom in neutral (hips; and to continue, until the thirtieth day of September one thoufand eight hundred, an a ft of the Jaft feflion of parliament, for enabling his Majefty to prohibit the exportation, and permit the importation of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provifion, without payment of duty.

Cap, 10. To extend the period, limited by an aft of the laft feflion of parliament, for the benefit of preference to certain bodies, companies, and perfons, in contrafting for the redemption ofland tax, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thou-' fand eight hundred.

Cap. ir. To amend fo much of an aft, made in the laft fer-fion of parliament, for granting certain duties upon income, as relates to the appropriation of the faid duties, and of the duties upon goods imported and exported, granted by an aft of thp thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty.

Cap. 12. To enable the commiflioners of the cuftoms to allow, until the firft day of April one thoufand eight hundred, Britijh plantation fugars to be warehoufed ; to revive fo much of an aft, made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his pre-v fent Majefty, as relates to the afeertaining the aveiage price of fijgar, and regulating the allowance of drawback on the exportation thereof; and for allowing, until the fifth day of May on$ fhoufand eight hundred, certain drawbacks on fugar exported.

(Public General) 39 (if 40 GEO. III.

Cap. 13. For allowing further time for the payment of in* fhlments on certain Turns of money advanced by way of loan to feveral perfons conneded with and trading to the ittandsot Gre~ nada and Saint Vincent,

Cap. 14. For empowering his AT jetty to fhorten the time for the meeting of parliament in cafes or adjournment.

Cap. 15. For continuing, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next leffion of parliament, an a<ft, made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prelent Majefty, intituled, An aft for empowering his Majefty for a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the fervices of fuch parts of hit militia forces in this kingdom as may voluntarily offer themfelves to be employod in Ireland.

Cap. 16. For continuing, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament, an aft, made in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for the better prevention and punijhment of attempts to feduce perfons jerving in his Majefty s forces, by fea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majcjly^ or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience.

Cap. 17. To continue, until the firft day of March one thou-fand eight hundred and three, an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majcftyvfor eftablifhing courts of judicature in the ifland of Newfoundland; and to continue, until the expiration of forty days at.ter the commencement of the next fdlion of parliament, feveral laws relating to the admiffion of certain articles of merchandize in neutral Ihips, and the ifluing of orders in council for that purpofe; to the authorifmg his Majefty to make regulations rejpe&ing the trade to the Cape of Good Hope\ and to the enabling his Majefty to permit goods to be imported into this kingdom in neutral fhips.

Cap. 18. To prohibit, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next feftion of parliament, any perfon or per Ions ffom felling any bread which fhall not have been baked a certain time.

Cap. iq. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify juliicesof tire peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time dire&ed by law, and for extending the time limited for thofe purpofes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred ; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted to be (lamped according to law, or having been ftamped, have been loft or raiflaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thou&nd eight hundred, to provide adraif-fions duly ftamped; to permit fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and foHcitors, to make and file the fame on or before the firft day of Michaelmas term one thoufand eight hundred; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and of&cers^of

a 3'9"zec the

A TABLE of the STATUTES

the militia, who have negle&ed to tranfmit defcriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time directed bylaw, and forextending the time limited for that purpofe, until the firft day of September one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 20* For further continuing, until the firft day of February one thoufand eight hundred and one/ an act, made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for further continuing, until the'firft day of March one thoufand eight hundred, on aft, made in the laft feffton of parliament, intituled, ‘ An aft to empower his Majefty to fecure and detain fuch perfons as bis Majcfty Jhall fuf-peft are confpiring againft his perfatt and government/

Cap. 21. To continue, until the firft day of February one thoufand eight hundred and one, an a (ft, made in this prefent feflion of parliament, to prohibit the making of low wines or fpirits from wheat, or other fort of grain, or from meal, flour, or bran, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 22. For raifing the fum of twenty millions five hundred thoufand pounds by way of annuities.

Cap* 23. For granting to his Majefty additional duties of cxcife on Brittjh and foreign fpirits, and te$.

Cap. 24. For the regulation of his Majcfty’s marine forces while on {hore.

Cap. 25. To prohibit, until the firft day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred, the ufe of wheat in making ftarch.

Cap. 26. For granting to his Majefty the fum of two hundred thoufand pounds, to be ifliied and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commifiioners for the reduction of the national debt.

Cap* 27. For punifhing mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 28. For eftablifhing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the fum of three millions, towards the fupply for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred*

Cap. 29. For granting bounties on the importation of wheat, Wheaten flour, and rice, until the firft day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 30. For extending, from the twenty-fifth day of March One thoufand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, the period of preference, granted and continued by feveral a&s to bodies corporate and perfons for the redemption of land tax ; and for enlarging feveraL of the powers contained in the faid afls.

Cap. 31. For appointing commiffioncrs to put in execution an of this feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for continuing and granting to bis Majefty a duty on penfions, offices, and perfonau eftates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and certain duties on fugar, malt, tobacco, andfnuff, for the fervice of the year one thotfand eight hundred, together with thpfc named in two former aos for appointing commilfioners of the land tax.

 CjOO^Ic Cap*

(Public General) 39	40 GEO.	III.

Cap. 32. For indemnifying perfons ferving in volunteer corps, who have omitted to take out certificates for wearing hair powder; and to amend fo much of an aft, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majeftv, intituled, An aft fit granting to his Majejly, a duty on certificates iff'itd for uftng hair powder, as relates to the exempting perfons lerving in volunteer corps, and certain officers in his Majeily’s navy lerving on the cftablilhment of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, from the faid duty; and for obliging perfons claiming to be exempt from the duties on hcrfes provided and furnilhe j for volunteer corps to deliver certificates thereof to the proper officers.

Cap* 33. To enable the lords cemmiffioners of his Majefty's treafury to iffue exchequer bills, to a limited amount, on the credit of fuch aids or fupplies as have been or {hall be granted by parliament, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred ; and to enable the governor and company of the bank of England to advance cafh or bullion, to be remitted abroad on account of foreign fubfidies or fervices abroad.

Cap. 34. To permit the importation of goods and commodities from countries in America, belonging to any foreign European fovereign or ftate, in neutral (hips, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and one.

Cap. 35. For granting a bounty on the importation of oats, until the firft day of October one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 36. To enable courts of equity to compel a transfer of flock in fuits, without making the governor and company of the bank of England* or the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, or the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas or other parts of America, party thereto.

Cap. 37. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England* fof one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 38. For repealing fo much of an aft, made in the laft fefiion ot parliament, intituled, An aid for permitting certain goods imported from the Eaft Indies to be warehoufed; and fir repealing tbe duties now payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof as relates to falrpetre.

Cap. 39. For increafing the rates of fubfiftence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering foldiers.

Cap. 40. To enlarge the powers of the direftors and guardians of the poor within the fevcral hundreds, towns, and diftri&s, in that parr of Great Britain called England* incorporated by divers afts of parliament, for thfe purpofe of the better maintenance and employment of the poor, as to the afiefTments to be made upon the fcveral parifhes, hamlets, and places thercih mentioned, until the firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and two.

Cap. 4?. For explaining and amending fevcral afts, made ih the thirty-fecond year of King Henry the Eighth, and tbe firft, i 7	a 4

A TABLE of the STATUTES

thirteenth, and fourteenth years of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, fo far as refpefts leafes granted by archbifhops, bilhops, mafters and fellows of colleges, deans and chapters of cathedral and collegiate churches, mafters and guardians of hofpitals, and others having any fpiritual or ecclefiaftical living or promotion.

Cap. 42. For the better obfervance of Good Friday, in certain cafes therein mentioned.

Cap. 43. To confirm an agreement entered into between the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury and the moft noble Charles duke of Richmond, in purfuance of an a&, pafled in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An aft to enable the commiffioners oj the treafury to contra ft with 4be mojl noble Charles duke ^Richmond, for the abfolute pur chafe of the property of the faid duke, and of all others interefled, in a certain duty of twelve-pence per chaldron on coals Jhipped in the river Tyne to be confumed in England, and to grant a compenfation for the fame, by way of annuity, payable out of the confohdated fund.

Cap. 44. For granting, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, certain allowances to adjutants, ferjeant majors, and ferjeants of militia, difembodied under an a£t of this feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for enabling bis Majejly to accept the fervices of an additional number of volunteers from the militia, under certain rejlriftions.

Cap. 45. For making perpetual fo much of an ac$, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for better fecuring the duties on glafs, as was to continue in force for a limited time; and to continue fcveral laws relating to the granting a bounty upon certain fpecies of Britifi.) and Irijh linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax, until the twenty-fourth day of. June one thoufand eight hundred and one ; to the better encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great Britain, to the encouraging the manufacture of Briti/h fail cloth, and fecuring the duties on foreign-made fail cloth imported, to the fecuring the duties upon foreign-made fail cloth, and charging foreign-made fails with a duty, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; to the regulating the feefr of the officers of the cuftoms, and of the naval officers in the Briti/h colonics in America, and of the officers of the cuftoms in the ifland of Newfoundland,, until the ninth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the end , of the then next feffion of parliament; to the landing rum or fpirits of the Britifb fugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excife, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; to the encouraging the fi&eries carried on at Newfoundland and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Briti/b dominions in Europe, until the firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and two; and to the further fupport and encouragement of the fitheries

'	"	carried

 

(Public General) 39 £5? 40 GEO. III.

carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, unti the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred and one.

Cap. 46. For the more e?.fy and expeditious recovery of fmall debts, and determining fmall caufes in that part of Great Britain called Scotland. ,

Cap. 47. For repealing the rates and fares taken by licenfed hackney coachmen, and for eftablifhing other rates and fares in lieu thereof; and for explaining and amending feveral laws relating to hackney coaches and chairs.

Cap, 48. To repeal the duties on fugar and coffee exported, granted by an acl, patted in the thirty-ninth year of his prefent Majefty's reign, for allowing Britijh plantation fugar to be ware-houfed 5 for reviving fo much of an act, made in the thirty-fecond^ear of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the afcertaining the average price of fugar, and.regulating the allow-, ance of drawback on the exportation thereof; and for allowing certain drawbacks on fugar exported, until the tenth day of May * one thoufand eight hundred and one. •

Cap. 49. For the better afcertaining and cdledting the duties granted by feveral afls patted in the laft feflion of parliament, relating to the duties on income; and to explain and amend the faid a&s.

Cap. 50. To extend the provifions of an a£ made in the feventeenth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An aft to amend and make more effeftual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly perfons, and to holies

of correftioti.

Cap. 51. To permit blubber from the Greenland fifhery and s Davis’s Streights to be boiled into oil after the arrival of the fhips from the filhery, and for charging the duty thereon ; for altering the convoy duty now paryable on the importation of opium; for repealing the duties on the importation of oil of turpentine and tar, and charging ether duties in Jieu thereof; for exempting burr (tones and Hones ufed for the purpofeof paving or the making or mending of roads, from the duties charged thereon when carried coaftwife; for obliging matters of (hips laden with tobacco to remove the fame from their moorings when their cargoes are difeharged; and for extending bonds given on licenfed (hips, veflels, or boats, to all cafes wherein (hips, veflels, or boats mav be liable to forfeiture.

Cap. 52. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money, to be raifed by a lottery.

Cap. 53. For granting a bounty on the importation of rye, until the hfteenth day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 54. For more effe&ually charging publick accountant* with the payment of intereft; for allowing intereft to them in certain cafes; and for compelling the payment of balances due from them.

Cap. 55. To amend fo much of an a<3, made in the laft fef* ion of parliament, for the augmentation of the falaries of the

Digit zJudgesOOgle

A TABLE of the STATUTES

judges of the counts in IVejlminder Hall, and alfo of the lords of feftton, fords com roi limners of jufticiary, and b3rons of exchequer in Scotland, as relates to the ft],?ties of the judges of the Courts of Jetfion, jufticiary, and exchequer in Scotland.

Cap. 56. For relief of perfons entitjed to entailed eftates to be purchafed with truff monies.

Cap. 57. For enabling the bardns of the court of exchequer in Scotland to advance to the lord provoft and magistrates of the city of Edinburgh, for the purpofe of completing the improvements of the harbour of Leith, a certain fum, being part of the money which by an aft: of the laft feftion of parliament was directed to be paid into the faid court of exchequer by the proprietors of the Forth and Clyde navigation.

Cap. 58. For further continuing and amending an aft, made in the laft feffion of parliament, for enabling his Majefty to prohibit the exportation and permit the importation of corn; and for allowing the importation of other articles of provilion without payment of duty.

Cap. 59. To remove doubts arifing from the con ft ruction of an aft, made in rhe thirty-ninth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft for permitting certain goods imported ftom the Eaft Indies to be warchoufed, and for repealing the duties now payable thereon, arid granting other duties in lieu thereof \

Cap. 60. To leflen the duties Bon wine and fpirits the produce of the Britijh fettlement of the Cape of Good Hope; and to empower the importers to land the fame before payment of the duties of cxcife, and to lodge the fame in warchoufes ; and to allow the fame to be fhipped free of duty as ftorcs, to be con-fumed on board merchants (hips on their voyages.

Cap. 61. To revive and continue, until the firft day of July one thouiand eight hundred and one, fuch part of an aft, made in the prefent feftion of parliament, for reducing the duties upon fpirits diddled from melalles or lugar, or any mixture therewifb, and for other purpofes, as relates to the duties on wort or wafh brewed or made from melafies or fugar.

Cap. 62. To allow, for nine months after the paffing of the aft, the ufe of fugar in the brewing of beer.

Cap. 63. For repealing part of the duties and drawbacks of cuftoms on kid fkins imported, and the exemption of imported kid (kins from cxcife duty on being drefled in Great Britain.

Cap. 64. For permitting the free importation of linfeed eakes and rape cakes in neutral Chips.

Cap. 65. To continue, until the firft day of January one thou-fend eight hundred and four, feveral afts relating to the admiflion of certain articles of merchandize in neutral Slips, and to the iffuing of orders in council for that purpofe.

Cap. 66. To repeal fo much of an aft, pafTed in the fecond year of King James the Firft, as prohibits the ufe of horfe hides In making boots and (hoes; and for better preventing the damaging of raw hides and (kins in the flaying thereof.

Cap* 67. For the union of Great Britain and Ireland.

Cap*







'

fPublic General) 39 fc? 40 GEO. III.

Cap. 68. For extending the powers of the commiflionef9 named in an ad, made in this prefent feflion of. parliament, intituled, An afi for oppointing commiffioners to put in execution an a£i of this feffton of parliament, intituled, * An aft for continuing and granting to his Majefty a duty on pcnfions, offices, and perfonal (fates,

/& England, Wales, and the town ^Berwick upon Tweed, and certain duties on fugar, malt, tobacco, andfnuffi, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundredtogether with thofe named in two former afls,for appointing commiffioners of the land tax; for indemnifying fuch perfons, named in the faid ad, as have aded as commiffioners of the land tax ; and for rendering valid certain acb done by them.

Cap. 69. For repealing the duties on perfumery and on licences for vending the fame.

Cap. 70. To exempt from, duty wafte paper imported into this kingdom, for the purpofe of being re-manufadurcd, except the duty impofed by an ad of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom, and for granting new and additional duties of cuftoms on goods imported and exported.

Cap. 71. To authorife bakers and other perfons to fell bread to his Majefty’s forces on the march, which fhall not have been baked twenty-four hours, and to indemnify all perfons by whom fuch bread may have been fo fold.

Cap. 72. To amend feveral laws relating to the duties on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

Cap. 73. For repealing the duties of excife on diftilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of Britijh-made fpirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for altering, amending, and continuing certain adls of parliament for the regulation of diftilleries in Scotland.

Cap. 74. For amending feveral a&s for regulating the price and aiiize of bread.

Cap. 75. For making allowances in certain cafes to fubaltern, officers of the militia in time of peace.

Cap. 76. For indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and perfons adting as fuch, in the Weft India iflands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

Cap, 77. For the fecurity of collieries and mines, and for the better regulation of colliers and miners.

Cap. 78. To difeharge from a disputed and dormant claim of the publick, feveral eftates belonging to the right honourable William Carr ear 1 of Errollf lord high conftable of Scotland•

Cap. 79. For eftablilbing further regulations for the government of thc Britijh territories in India, and the better adminiftra-tion of juftice within the fame.

Cap. 80. For ere&inga lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the county cf Kent \ and for reducing into one a6t the laws relating to quarantine, and for making further proyifion therein*

Cap* ^

'

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap. 81. To repeal an adt, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Maj fty, intituled. An a3 toprevent frauds in the buying and Jelling of bopsy and for the better collection of the duty on hops; and to prevent frauds and abufes in the trade of hops.	,

Cap. 82- For fufpehding, until the twentieth day of Augu/l one thoufand eight hundred, th<e duties on foreign hops imported, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 83. For permitting French wines to be imported into this kingdom from the iiles of Guernfey, Jerfey, or Alderney, in bottles or flafks.

Cap. 84. To render valid indentures of apprenticefhip of poor children and others, made upon improper (lamps, upon certain conditions^ and to indemnify all perfons who may have incurred penalties thereby; and for allowing attefted copies of indentures, leafes, or deeds, to be ftamped after the jngroffing, writing, or printing thereof.

Cap. 85. To continue, until the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and one, and amend an aft of the lad feffion of parliament, for continuing fcvcral adts for the encouragement of the Britijb filheries.

Cap. 86. For the better prefervation of timber in the New Forejly in the county of Southampton; and for afeertaining the boundaries of the faid foreft, and of the lands of the crown within the fame.

Cap. 87. For the more effectual prevention of depredations on the river Thamej, and in Its vicinity ; and to amend an adl, made in the fccond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to prevent the committing of thefts and frauds by perfons navigating bum boats and other boats upon the river Thames,

Cap. 88. Concerning the difpofition of certain real and per-fonal property of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccelTors; and alfo of the real and perfonal property of her Majefty, and of the Queen confort for the time being.

Cap. 89. For the better preventing the embezzlement of his Majefty’s naval, ordnance, and victualling (lores.

Cap. 90. For fettling difputes that may arife between matters and workmen engaged in the cotton manufacture in that part of Great Britain called England.	1

Cap. 91. To prohibit, until the fifteenth day of Ofiobcr one thoufand eight hundred, the exportation of rice.

Cap. 92. For eftablilhing certain regulations in the offices of the houfe of commons.

Cap. 93. For regulating trials for high treafon and mifprifion of high treafon, in certain cafes.

Cap. 94. For the fafe cuftody of infane perfons charged with offences.

Cap. g5* To indemnify all perfons who have printed, published, or difperfed, or who (hall publifti or difperfe, any papers printed under the authority of the commifiioners or head officers

of

 CjOOQle

(Public General) 39 £2? 40 GEO. III.

of any publick boards, from all penalties incurred by reafon of the name and place of abode of the printer of fuch papers not being printed thereon.

Cap. 96. For explaining and amending fo much of an a&, pafled in the prefent feflion of parliament, relating to the duties on income, as refpe&s the delivery of the ftatements to the commercial commiftioners of London, under the amount of twenty pounds.

Cap. 97. To incorporate certain perfons by the name of The London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Breads for a limited time.

Cap. 98. To redrain all trufts and dire&ions in deeds or wills, whereby the profits or produce of real or perfonal eftate (hall be accumulated, and the beneficial enjoyment thereof po(U poned beyond the time therein limited.

Cap. 99. For better regulating the bufinefs of pawnbrokers.

Cap. 100. To authorise his Majefty to grant commiflions to natives of the feven united provinces, or of the hereditary dates of the prince of Orange, to ferve on board certain Dutch (hips of v war, furrendered to his Majedy’s fleet, and in regiments in the pay of his Majefly; and to enable any fuch natives to inlid as ioldiers in fuch regiments, under certain reftri&ions.

Cap. 101. To give further time for the payment, on the conditions therein mentioned, of inftalments, on certain loans advanced to the houfe of Alexander Houfloun and company, to Charles AJhwell efquire, and to William f ohnftone efquire, being perfons connected with and trading to the illands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

Cap. 102. For raifing the fum of three millions five hundred thoufand pounds by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 103. For raifing the fum of three millions, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of. the year one thoufand eight hundred.	'	•

Cap. 104. For railing the further fum of three millions by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred.

Cap. 105. For the better regulating the practice, and for preventing delays in the proceedings of the court of common pleas at Lancajter.

Cap. io§. To repeal an ad>, pafled in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen \ and to fubftitute other provifions in lieu thereof.

Cap. 107. To permit, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next feflion of parliament, the importation of Swedijh herrings, into Great Britain.

Cap. 108., For indemnifying the governor of Surinam, or the perfon ailing as fuch, for having permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms ; and for making void all feizures of (hips, veflels, or goods, for any thing done in pursuance of fuch perouffion.



A TABLE of the STATUTES

* Cap. 109. For granting to his Majefty a certain fumof money out of the confoiidated fund, for applying certain Turns of money therein mentioned, for thefervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred; for further appropriating the fupplies grahted in this feffion of parliament, and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, loft, burnt, or other wife deftroyed.

PUBLICK LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

I.	A Na{( for altering, amending, and rendering more ef-i \ fe&ual, an a<ft, made in the twenty-firft year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An aft for draining and preferving certain fen lands in the feveral parijhes of Maney, Upwell, Wclney, Downham, Witcham, and in a certain extra-parochial place in Byal fen, within the Ifle of Ely, and county of Cambridge.

2.	An a& for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two afts, paffed in the twenty-fixth year of his late Majefty, and in the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from the borough of Leicejler, in the county of Leicejlery to the town of Afl)by-de-la-Zouch, in the faid county.

3.	An a<ft for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the roads from the borough of Leicejler, in the county of Leicejler, to the town of Narborough; and from the faid borough of Leicejler to the town of Earl Shilton; and from the faid town of Earl Shilton to the town of Hinckley in the Taid county.

4.	An aCt for continuing for a further term of twenty-one

years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term of two a£ls, one made in the twelfth, and the other in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for clearing, deprhening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the feveral rivers emptying themfelves into the faid haven ; and preferving fhips wintering therein from accidents by fife; and alfo for building a new bridge over the haven of Great Yarmouth; and for altering and enlarging the powers thereof, fo far as the fame relate to the faid haven and piers.	'

5.	An a<ft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons and wafte grounds within the parilhes of Cantley and Hajpnghamy in the county of Norfolk, and for draining and preferving the fame, and alfo certain marfh lands within the faid pariflies.

6.	An adt for continuing for the term of twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next* feffion of parliament,

1



 C^ooQie

(Public Local £f? Perfonal) 39 £5? 40 GEO. III.

ment, and for altering and enlarging the powers of two ads, one made in the thirty-firft yc*ar of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the other in the feventeenth year pf the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the high road leading from Brent Bridge, in the county of Devon, to Gajking Gate, in or near the borough of Plymouth, in the faid county.

7.	An ad for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, feveral roads, leading from the town of Ivelchtjler, in the county of SomerfeU

8.	An ad for increafing the tolls authorifed to be taken on the road leading from Sevenoais Common to the market houfe in Tunbridge Town, by an ad parted in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road leading from Sevenoais Common to Wood]gate, Tunbridge, Wells, and Kipling's Crofs, in the county of Kent, and from Tunbridge Wells to Woodf-gate aforefaid.

9.	An ad to continue, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and alter the powers, of two ads, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majefty, and the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending the roads leading from the village of Milford, in the county of Surrey, through Petworth, to the top of Dunciton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopbam Bridge, in the county of Sujfx.

10.	An ad for the appointment and regulation of pilots for the conducting of (hips and vellels into and out of the port of Kingjlon-upon-Hull; and for afeertaining the falvage for anchors, cables, and other (hips materials, found in the river Humber j and for the better afeertaining the tonnage of ballaft lighters employed at the faid port.

11.	An ad for opening and making two new ftreets in the city of Aberdeen.

12.	An ad for more effedually repairing the road from Sum-tnerrois Bar, near the town of Hexham, in the county of Nor~ thumbtrland, to the town of Alflon, in the county of Cumberland.

13.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feftion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two ads, paffed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the feventeenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the roads from the town of Halifax# and from Sower by Bridge, in the county of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Littleborough, in the county of Lancajler.

14.	An ad for more effedually repairing the road from Glen* whit, through Haltwkijile, Hexham, and Corbridge, to the military road near Shilion Bar; and for making arid repairing a branch road from Corbridge aforefaid, to Heddon-on-tbe-Wall, all in county of Northumberland.

1 j. An ad for more effedually repairing, widening, and improving the road fronjthe village of Magor to the bridge foot

*	 GWOgle

A TABLE of the STATUTES

in the town of Chepjlow in the county of Monmouth, and feveral other roads in the counties of Monmouth, Gloucejler, Hereford,, Sind Brecon, to continue in force for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

16.	An ad for amending, altering, improving,’ and keeping in repair, the road leading from the turnpike road in Witney to the turnpike road on Swerford Heath, and alfo the road leading from the turnpike road from Woodjlock to Birmingham, through Chari-bury, to the turnpike road from Chipping Norton to Burfordy all in the county of Oxford.

17.	* An ad for making and repairing the road from the town of Stonehaven, through the Slug-mount, to the new bridge over the river Dee at Coblehcughy in the county of Kincardine.

18.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then' next feffion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two ads, made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing the road from Wakefield to Aujier-lands, in the weft riding of the county of Fork. .

ig. An ad to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an ad, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in repair, feveral roads therein mentioned, in the county palatine of Lan-cafter, fo far as the fame relates to the road from Hajlingden to Todmorden, being the fecond diftrid of the faid roads; and fetf' making and maintaining a branch therefrom, at or near a place called Fear ns in Wolfenden Booth, to Edge Side in the fame booth, and another branch therefrom, at or near a place called Robert's Mill in Bacup Booths into the Rochdale turnpike road in the parifti of Spotland, all in the faid county palatine of Lamajler.

20.	An ad for more effedually repairing the road from Ale-mouth, through Alnwick and Rothbury, to Hexham, and a branch from the faid road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge, in the county of Northumberland.

21.	An ad for dividing, allotting, inclofing, draining, and preferving the open fields, commons, fens, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Ludham> in the county of Norfolk.

22.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two ads, paffed for widening and repairing the high road leading from Heron Syie% which divides the counties of Lancajler and Wefimorlaniy to the town of Kirkby, in Kendal, and from the faid town of Kirkby, in Kendal, through the town of Sbap, to Emont Bridge, in the faid county of Wejlmorland.

23.	An ad for making and maintaining a navigable canal, from the river Thamesy near to the town of Gravefend, in the county of Kent, to the river Mtdway> at a place Qdlk&Nicholfofs

-Ul

'ihi U-1 ttrj-

tv-

i !•;•

1

i:.;' -



e

 

(PublicLocal & Perfotial)	& 40 GEO. Ilf.

Ship-Yard, in the parifli of Frindjb'try, in the faid county; and alfoa certain collateral cut, from. White JVall in the laid parifli, to the faid river Medway.

24.	An ad for amending the fevera! ads parted for making,

. extending, finiftiing, and completing the canal navigation front

Manchefier to or near Aflnott-wider-Lyne and Oldham, and the feveral cuts and other works authorised to be made and done by the company of proprietors of the faid canal navigation ; and for granting to the faid company further and other powers#

25.	An aft for lighting the ftreets and lanes of the borough of Berwick upon-Tweed, and the quays and wharfs belonging to the faid borough, and that part of the bridge over the river Tweed which lies within the liberties of the laid borough, and alfo the flreet of Cajllegale, within the faid borough or the Jibes-ties thereof; and for paving the foot-paths of the ftreets of the faid borough and of CaJIUgate aforefaid ; and for preventing ob-ftruftions, nuifances, and annoyances therein.

26.	An aft to alter, explain, amend, and render more efFcfturrtj an aft, paffed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his laic majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for draining andpreferving certain fen lands in the ffle of Ely and county of Norfolk, lying between The Hundred Foot River and the Ouz?^ and bounded on the fvth by the hard lands of Mepall, Wicham, W ent-worth, VVichford, Ely, Downham, and Litileport; andfor empowering the governor, bailiff's, and commonalty of the company of confervators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bed tord Level, to fell certain lands lying within the limits aforefaid, commonly colled Inverted Lands.

27.	An aft for continuing for twenty-bne years, and from -thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two afts, parted

in the thirty-tirft year of the reign of his la'e majefty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from The Swan Inn at Leatherhead, to The May Pole at the upper end of Spital or Somerfet Street, in the parifli of State, near the town of Guldtfcrd, in the county of Surrey.

28.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next fertion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging* the powers of two afts, parted in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second and the tenth year of the reign of his prefer.t Majefty, for repairing feveral roads in the counties of Dorfet and Devon, leading to ahd through the borough bf Lyme Regis, and from the turnpike road on Uplyme Hill to the turnpike road at The Three AJhes, ih the parifli of Ctewketne^ in the county of Somerfet, and other roads therein mentioned.

29.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two afts, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King

VoL.XLII.	b	Digifeefi^CJOC

A TABLE of the STATUTES

George the Second and the twentieth year,of the reign of hispre-lent Majefty, fo far as the fame relate to repairing and widening the road from the borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the town of Patdey Bridge, in the county of York.

30.	An act for continuing for twenty-one years, and from the nee to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and aliering and enlarging ihe powers of an a&, palled in the twenty-firit year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An at1 for more effectually repairing the road leading from the town of Denbigh to the town of Saint Afaph, and from thence to the Jcivn and port of Ruthland, in the counties of Denbigh and Flint; and for repealing an aft, made in the thirty-feeond year of his late tnajejly King George the Second, fo far as the fame relates to thefaii road.

31.	An a& for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next leflion of parliament, the term and altering the powers of two a&s, palled in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads therein mentioned, fo far as the laid aSis relate to the road leading from the town of Wrexham in the county of Denbigh^ to Pentre Bridge in the county of Filt.

32.	An adt for repealing an a&, pafled in the thirty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An ad for making and repairing certain roads in the county• of Aberdeen \ and for the more effectually amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in repair the laid roads, and other roads in the faid county, and for levying a cohvcrfton money in lieu of the ftatute Jabo.ir, and orherwife regulating the making and repairing the high roads and bridges in the faid county.

33.	An a& for draining, improving, and preferving the low Jan.*s and grounds within the townfhips of Crojlon, Maivdejley, Riffrdy Bifpbam, Tarltton, and Br ether ton, in the county palatine of LancajUr.

34.	An ad for enlarging the powers of fo much of two afts, made in the twenty-ninth and thirty-third years of the reign of his piefent Majefty, for making and repairing certain roads in the county of Perth, as relates to the road from Perth iq Cupar, or the neighbourhood thereof, towards Glammis, as far a» the routines of the faid county.

35.	An act for the better relief *nd employment of the poor of the parilh of Saint John Hafirpjhad, in the county cf Ad id* did ex.

36.	An act fer bettor enabling the company of proprietors of the Rochdale canal to raife money for completing the faid canal, •and to vary the line of the faid canal, and to alter, explain, and amend, the a&, pafled in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of ins pcefent Majefty, for making the faid canal.

37.	An adt to enable the Deame and Dove canal company to fiuilh and complete the faid canal, and the feveral collateral cuts

bimhiog





{Public Local P^rJonaV) 39 £5? 40 GEO. III.

branching therefrom ; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the powers of an aft, pafled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining the faid canal and collateral cuts; and for encrealing the tolls thereby granted.

38.	An aft for altering and amending an aft, puffed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining the Peak Poreji canal; and for granting to the company of proprietors of the fait] canal further and other powers.	X

35. An aft for enabling the Huddersfield canal company to findh and complete the Huddersfield canal -> and for amending the aft, palled in the thiriv-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining the faid Huddersfield canal.

40.	An aft for amending and making more effeftual an aft, pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for embanking, draining, and preferving certain fen lands and low grounds, in the pari 111 of Ramfey, in the county of Huntingdon, and in the parifhes of Doddington, March, Benwick, JVtmbli»gtony and Chatteris, within the Ijle of £/y, in the county of Cambridge\ and for amending the road from a certain bridge, in the parifh of Chatteris aforefaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a drain called Vcrmuyden'sj or The Forty Feet Drain, to a bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the faid parish of Ramfey; fo far as the faid aft relates to embanking the lands therein deferibed, called by the name of The Upper Dijlritt or Divifion.

41.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feilion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an aft, pafled in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fir building a bridge acrofs the river Tawey at a place called The With Tree, in the parilh of Llanfamlett, to the oppofite Ihore in the parilh of Llangefelach, in the county of Glamorgan \ for making proper avenues or roads to and from the faid bridge, and alfo for repairing and widening the road from Pentre Brocky near a place called Aberdwyherthy, in the parilh of Saint Johns, near Smnfea, to the faid intended bridge.

42.	An aft for railing a further fum of money for carrying into execution two feveral afts, pafled in the thirty-fifth and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for widening and improving the entrance into the city of London, near Temple Bary for making a more commodious ftreet or paf-fage at Snow Hill, and for raifing on the credit of the orphans fund, a fum of money for thofe purpofes; and for explaining ^nd amending the faid afts.

43.	An act for making and maintaining a road from, or from near, Lightpill Gate, on the road leading from Bath to Dudbridge, in the parilh of Rodborough, to join the turnpike road from Pmjwicl to Cheltenham, at or near to Birdlipy in the parifhes of

b 2	Brimpsfield

Digitized 6y VjtJ1

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Bnmprfitld and Cowley, or one of them, all in the county of

Glnucjler.

44.	An aft fot (hutting up and difcontinuing certain roads and foot paths, leading through the grounds of fir Richard Brook baronet, in the townfhips of Arortot and Hailony iti the parifh of Runcorn, and county palatine of Cfefler, and for making and maintaining other roads inftead thereof.

45.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next fdTion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two ads, made in the thirtv-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the roads from Chapel Bar, near the weft end of the town of Nottingham, to New haven y and from the Four Lane Ends, near Oaierthorpe, to Ajhborue, and from the crofs poft on IVirkfworth Moory to join the rood. leading from Cheflerfeld to Chapel- en-le- Frit by at or near Long/lon, in the county of Derby% and from Seljlon to Annejlty IFocdhoufcy in the county of Nottingham*

46.	An act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the road from a place called The Slone Pillar, or Crofs Handy in the parifh of Chippenham, in the county of WiltSi to or near to a bridge called Knox Bridge, in the parifh of IVejhrleighy in the county of Gloucejler, and feveral other roads therein mentioned, in the faid counties of IVilts and Gloucejler.

47.	An aft for making wet docks, bafons, cuts, and other works, for the greater accommodation and fecurity of (hipping, commerce, and revenue, within the port of London.

48.	An aft for providing a workhoufe for the ufe of the parifh of Aldbourne in the county of IVills; and for appointing an additional overfeer for the better government of the poor of the laid parifti.

49.	An aft for formings paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwife improving and keeping in repair, 1 he fticcts, louares, and other puhlick paflages and places, which rue and fnaJI be made upon certain pieces or plots of ground, in

the parifh of Saint Pancrasy in the county of Middlefex, belonging to the moft noble Francis duke of Bedford.

50.	An aft for enclofing and cmbellifhing the centre or area of a certain ffpiarc, intended to be called RuJJdl Square, purpofed to be made in the parifh of Saint George Bloomfbury, in the county of Middlefexy and for forming and making the fame into a plea-fure ground, and for continuing and keeping the fame in repair.

5r. An aft for the repairing the parifh church of Chelmsfordy in the county of Ejfex.

52.	An aft for explaining, amending, and continuing an aft, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An a£l for repairing the bigbivuys and bridges in the Jhire cf Argyll.

53.	An aft for repealing fo much of an aft, parted in the

twenty.

 

1

{Public Local iff Per for, al) 39 iff 40 GEO. III.

twentyvfifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled? Ah *£} for the removal and rebuilding of the council chamber, guild-holly and gaol of the city */New Sarum, and for afcerlaining the tolls of the market, and regulating the chairmen within the Jaid city, as requires the mayor and commonalty of the city of New Sarttm to build a new gaol within the faid city, or the fuborbs or pre-cin£ls thereof; and for aurhorifing the commitment of felons and other perfons within the limits of the faid city and the clofe thereof, to the gaol of the county of Wilts \ and for explaining and amending the faid ad.

54- An ad to alter, amend, and enlarge the powers of nn adf, palTed in the thirry-firft year of the reign of his prefent majefty King George the Third, for improving the navigation of the river Oufe9 between Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the county of SuJJeXy and for the better draining of the low lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the faid county.

55.	An a<51 for enabling the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Leitejlcr navigation to Melton Mowbray, iiv the county of Leicefer, to complete their navigation, and to dif-charge the debts contracted by them in the making thereof; and for amending the ad, palled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining the laid navigation.

56.	An ad to enable the company of proprietors of the O k-ham canal to raife money for completing the faid canal, and alio for altering and amending an ad, palled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making the faid canal.

57.	An ad for better enabling the company of proprietors of the Lancajhrxc*T\3\ navigation to complete the fame.

58.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and incloling, the common fields, marlh, meadow, and wafte lands, in the manor of ForebridgSy and in the panlh of Cajlle Churchy in the county of Staffordy apd for embanking and draining part of the faid common fields, marlh, meadow, and wafte lands, and certain other low lands and grounds, in the f^id pariih of Cajlle Churchy and in the adjoining parilhes, townfhips, and places, of Sew Saint Thomas, otherwife Saint Thomas[ upon Sow9 Colony Berkjivuhy arid Saint Mary in Staffordy in thedaid county of Stafford.

59.	An ad for building a new bridge over the river Ch timer 9 or blachvatery at Fulibridge, in the town of MalJon9 in the county of Effex.

60.	An ad for eftablifhing and well-governing the charitable inftitution, commonly called The Afylunty or houfe of refuge for the reception of orphan girls, the fettlements of whole parents cannot be found ; and for incorporating the fubfenbers thereto, and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and ufcful defigns.

61.	An ad for repealing two ads, one made in the rwenty-fjxth year of the reign of King George the Second, and the other in the fcvtfntccruh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty,

i for repairing'the read from the Halfway Houffy in the pariih of

Digitize

A TABLE of the STATUTES

. Lower Compton, in the county of Dorfeiy through the town of YeohiiU Crewkernty and Chard, to the eaft end of the town of Axmlnfter, in the county of Devon, and feveral other roads therein mentioned; and alfo, for repealing fo much of aft, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing feveral roads leading from the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerfety as relates to repairing the road from the direftion port in Widcomhe Moor, through Street AJh Lane, to Chariy and for making more effeftual provifion for thofe pur-pofes, and for altering and diverting certain parts of the faid roads.	,

62.	An a# for reviving, continuing, and amending, an aft, parted in the fixteenth year of the reign of his preferlt Majefty, for repairing the road from Etfdon High Crofs, near the town of Eljdoriy in the county of Northumberland, to the Red Swyre, upon the mid border betwixt England and Scotland.

63.	An aft for continuing the term and enlarging the powers of an aft, paired in the twenty-firft year of the reign of his pre-fent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the port of Borrowjlounnef, by the weft of the borough of Linlithgow, and by the towns of Torphichen Bathgate<and IVbiteburn, and from thence fourh ward to the confines of the county of Lh* lithgow, at or near Hollhot/feburn,

64.	An aft to continue for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of tlSe then next feflion of parliament, the term and alter and enlarge the powers of two afts, parted in the thirty-third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from the bars at §oughton9 within the liberties of the city of Chejler9 to IVhitchurchy and from thence to Newport in the county of Salop, and feveral other roads therein mentioned, fo far as the faid afts relate to the road leading from Newport aforefaid to the village or place called Weljh Harp, in the townlhjp of Stonnally in the county of Stof~ ford, being the third diftrift of the faid roads.

65.	An for aft more effectually repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the roads therein mentioned, leading from the town of Lfominjlery in the county of Hertford.

66.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next fenion of parliament, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two afts, parted in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty KingG^r the Second, and in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads therein mentioned, fo far as the faid aft9 relate ter th$ road leading from the town Of Rutbirjy in the county of Denbigby to the town of Moldy in the county of Flint.

67.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of feveral afts, parted for amending the highway between fyotkliffe and Woburn, in the

county

 v^ooQle

(Public Local & Perfonal) 39 & 40 GEO. III.

county of Bedford, and for repairing the road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell> ini the county of Bucks.

68.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two afts, parted m the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majerty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majeftv, for amending, repairing, and widening the roads leading from the Ryeway, in the pariih of Yarpole, in the county of Hereford, to Prejleignty in the county of Radnor, and feveral other roads therein mentioned, in the faid county of Radnor, and in the counties of Hereford and Salop.

69.	An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft, made in the feventeenth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for amending and keeping in repair the road from the town of (Var-minfier, in the county of TPlltSy to a place where the roads to Bath and Brijlol divide, and from the town of Profile to the town of Bukingtotiy in the county of Somerfety and other roads therein mentioned.

70.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two afts, parted in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majerty King George the Second, and the fixteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majerty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the eaft llde of Lincoln Heath tq the city of Peterborough, and feveral other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Northampton and Lincoln.

71.	An aft for continuing for twenty-one years and from

thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two aft*, ported in the tvventy-fixth year of the reign of his late imjefty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majerty, for repairing and widening feveral roads leading from the town of Bewdley9 in the county of JVorcejt:r\ to the feveral places therein mentioned, in the counties 6f IVorcefier and Salop y refpeftively.	1

72.. An aft to continue for twenty-one years and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term and alter and enlarge the powers of two acts, palled in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majerty King George the Second, and in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majerty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from Spalding High Bridge through Littlrjuorthy and by Frognall and ovcc James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the county of Lincoln, to Adaxcy Outgangy in the county of Northampton adjoining to the high road there.

73.	An aft for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading out of the common highway rrc^n IVigan to Golborn and Warrington, near the northerly end of the foptherly Platt Bridge in Ince in Mofikerfeld, by Ramjcrhr;gy into

b 4





A TABLE of the STATUTES

the turnpike road from Wigan to Afnton, in Afhton in Mackerfielfr in the county palatine of Lancajlcr.

74.	An act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the fouth end of the Moor Lane, in the' townfliip of Great Bolton, into the turnpike road from Manchefler to Wigan, near Wejlhcughtan Chapel, in the county palatine of Lancafler.

75.	An a<51 for continuing the term and altering and enlarging (he powers of two acts, parted in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late ipajefty King George the Second, and in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relate to fuch of the roads from Tetbury, and other places, in the county of Glouccjler, as are comprized in the faid laft mentioned act, and for amending and repairing certain other roads in and through the parifh of Horjley, and near Tetbury aforefaid, in the faid county of Glouccjler.

76.	An aert for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, puffed in the nineteenth year of hjs prefent Majcfly’s reign, for amending the road from the nine

• mile ftone on the Brifiol road, at or near a place called The Gay Pits, to or near the chapel at Stone, and alfo the reads to or near Berkeley, DurjJcy, Watt on-under- Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, and fevcral other roads in the counties of Glouccjler and Wilts, except lb far as the faid act relates to the roads to or near Sodbury aforefaid.

77.	An nefl to empower the guardians of the moft noble Henry duke of NivL'CGjHe, an infant, to grant le^fcs of pertain parts of his eftates in the county of Nottingham. .

78.	An act for veiling certain detached parts of the eftates devifed by the will of Michael Hicks efquire, in the counties of PJfex, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Glouccjler, and in London, in truftecs, for carrying into execution certain agreements for fale of parti thereof, and to fell the other parts thereof, and to apply the pndney aniing from fuch Tales in the purchafe of other eflates in the f2ic! county of Glouccjler, to be fettled to the fame ufes. .

79.	An aCt for verting the eflates of Penyflon Portiock Potency . efquire, deceafod, fituate in the c unty of Berks, in trullees, to be fold, for paying incumbrances and debts, and for laying out the turplus under the directions of the court of chancery in the purchafe of other eflates, to be conveyed to the trufleeS of thp will of rhe faid Pcnyjhn Portiock Pczvney, in lieu thereof.

So. An n<5l for cheating an exchange between the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of (he Holy Trinity of Ciicrefer, and the ri^ht honourable fames lord Selfey, and the honourable John P c tic bey, ot certain mdluagcs, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of S -fix.

8j. An act ior fnore efFcciualiy verting and facilitating the railing of'a fl.m of ten thdufand pounds, which, by the fettlement of the family efla'cs of the right honourable George Augujlus earl o'. Guildford, was provided lor the portions of his younger children, in and (or the bcr.cr.c of the honourable lady Maria North,

(the

 L.ooQle

{Public Local Perfonal) 39	40	GEO.	III.

(the only child of the faid earl by the right honourable Maria countefs 0i Guilford, his late wife), if (he lhall live to attain the age of twenty-one years, or to be married.

82.	An a& for veiling part of the eftates devifed by the will of Triflram HuddUflonc Jervoife efquire, in truftces, to be fqld, and for laying put the money to arife therefrom, under the dire&ion of the court of chancery, in the purchafe of other ertates to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame ufe>.

83.	An a& for inverting part of the perfonal ertatc of Robert Child efquire, deceafed, in the purchafe of an eftate, rttuate near Ojlerley Park, in the county of Middlefex, to be fettled upon the-trufts, and for the purpofes therein mentioned.

84.	An aft for verting the fettled ertates of fir Clemont Cottrell former, which were devifed by the will of William Philipps Lee efquire, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money anfing thereby in the purchafe of other ertates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame ufes, and for other purpofes.

85.	An a& for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the com-mons and wafte lands, within the parirti of Llanfwrog, in the county of Denbigh.

86.	An a<5t for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open common fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte lands, wjthin the parilh of Walton upon Thames, and the manor of IVal-ion Leigh, in the counry of Surrey.

87.	An a£k for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open . common fields, ipeadows and paftures,commons and wafte lands, in the parifhes of Byfleet and IVeybridge, and manor of Byfleet9 with its members, in the county of Surrey.

88.	An a61 for extending the royalty of the city of Glafgow over certain adjacent lands; for paving, lighting, and cleanfing {he ftreets, for regulating the police, and appointing officers and watchmen; for dividing the city into wards, and appointing pommifliuners; and for raffing funds, and giving certain powers to the magiflrares and council, and town and dean of guild courts, for the above and other purpofes.

89.	An adt to empower the governor and company of the bank of England to purchafe certain houfes and ground contiguous to the bank of England, and to enable them to improve certain avenues adjacent thereto.

90.	An a£t to explain, amend, and render more effctftual, two afls, made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for draining and preferving certain fen lands and low * grounds in the ljle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwife Grant, Oufe, and Mildenhall rivers, and bounded

on the fouth-caft by the hard lands of Iflebam, Fordham, Sohain* and IVicken; and for empowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of confervators of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain lands within the faid JimiiSj coipnionly called lnvejled Lands; and for hying cer-

Digiti2ed by



A TABLE of the STATUTES

tain rates on vefTels navigated upon the faid rivers, towards fup-porting the banks thereof.

91.	An act for better draining and preferving the lands and grounds in the fourth diftrid of the north level, parr of the great level of the fens called Bedford Level; and for amending and rendering more effedual an ad, pafled in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, fo far as relates to the faid fourth diftrid.

92.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain wafte lands, in the manor of IVortken, and the manors or town-fhips of fjlon Bigot and /fjlon Rogers, in the parifh of Wortber?, in the county of Salop, and for draining, and otherwife improving, certain inclofed lands adjoining or near a certain rivulet or brook called The Rea, commencing at or near a certain piece of water Called Marton Pool, on the confines of the parifh of C7;/>-hury, and extending through the faid parifh of IVorthen, to a bridge acrofs the faid river, called Horfe Bridge, on the confines of the parifh of JVejlbury, in the faid county, and fundry ftreams or brooks emptying themfelves thereinto.

93.	An ad for continuing for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an ad, pafled in the feventcenth year of the reign 0/ his prefent Majefty, for more effedually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, feveral roads leading from the market houfe, in the town of Kidderminjler, in the county of JVorcejler, and feveral other roads therein mentioned.

94.	An ad for enlarging the term and powers of fo much of 'an ad, pafled in the thirty-fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for repairing feveral roads leading into the city of Glofgcty, as relates to the road from Park-boufe, to or near the three mile houfe, in the county of Lanark.

95.	An ad for more effedually amending, widening, improve jng, and keeping in repair, feveral roads leading from the Hun^ dred Houfe, in the cout^y of JVorcejler, and alfo feveral other roads therein mentioned.

.96. An ad for enlarging the term and powers of an ad, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for amending and keeping in repair, the road from a certain bridge over a brook or ftream called Sudhrook, near the city of Glmejicr\ to.the wine mile ftone on the Brijlol road, at or near a place tailed The Clay Pitts, in the cqunty of Gloucefler.

97.	An ad for enlarging the term and powers of an ad, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for re* pairing and widening the road from the city of Gloucejer to the town of Str,oud% in the county of Gloucefler.

98.	An ad for veiling part of the fettled eftates devifed by the

wiil of fir Patrick Blake baronet, deceafeil, fituate and being in the counties of Middlefex and Suffolk, in tiuftees, to be fold for payment of incumbrances affecting the Ijunc eftates, under the f	direction

1 f:;

r’;-

i:,

* h , %:■

■ I?!1) 3C*;

( £} L-*.

V.,

■T;

hi



in



1;

*4;



<

I;

!■$

fci

I:

k

*9





(Public Local & Perfond) 39 6? 40 GEO. III.

direftionot the court of chancery, and for laying out the furplus of the purchafe money in other eftates, upon the trufts and for the purpofes therein exprerted.

99.	An aft for verting part of the eftates devifed by the wiH of fir Richard Hotham knight, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold, for payment of incumbrances, and for laying out the furplus monies in other eftates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fameufes.

100.	An aft for fale of certain eftates in the parifhes of Clay-pole, Great Ponlofi, and Kirtorr, in the county of Lincoln, devifed by the will of the reverend William Rajlall, doftor in divinity, and for laying out the money arifing, by fale thereof ih the purchafe of other eftate$, to be fettled to the fame ufes, and for other purpofes in the faid aft mentioned.

joi. An aft for enabling, the tenants for life, under the will of the late William Wright efquire, to convey in fee, or grant . leafes for long terms of years, for the purpofe of building, of part of the eftates devifed by the faid will, in the counties palatine of Che/ler and Lancajler.	<

102* An aft to enable fir George Pigot baronet, Margaret Fijher, and Francis Pigot, to difpofe of a certain diamond therein mentioned by a lottery.

163. An aft for enabling the moft noble Charles duke of Richmond, and the duke of Richmond for the time being, to • charge with jointures the annuity of nineteen thoufand pounds, [payable out of the confolidatcd fund, in lieu of the coal duty . granted by King Charles the Second to Charles fir ft duke of Richmond, and the heirs of his body), »and the flocks on transfer Of which the faid annuity is made redeemable, and for enabling the fale of part of the faid flocks, and inverting the* money arifing from any fuch fale in the purchafe of manors, lands, and hereditaments,.and for other purpofes.

104.	Ah aft to explain, amend, and render more effeftual, an aft, parted in the third year of the reign of King James theFirft, v intituled, An ail for the recovering fm all debts, and for the relieving

of poor debtors, in London, and an aft, parted in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned aft, and likewife for extending the powers of the court of requefts in the city of London, in and by the faid two feveral afts continued and eftablifhed.

105.	An aft for taking down, and rebuilding upon a more enlarged fcale, the chapel of Saint Mary, in the town of Caernarvon.

106.	An aft for eftablifhing a new church or chapel lately erefted pn the fouth fide of Hunter Street, within the town and parifh of Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancajler.

J07. An aft for the appointment and regulation of pilots and bcblers for the condufting of (hips and veifels into and out of the port or harbour, and river, of Neath, in the county of Glamorgan, for placing buoys upon the bar of Neath, and the removal of obrtruftions in the faid port or harbour, and river j for -

Digiti£dSy%0&gle

A TABLE of the STATUTES

regulating the mooring of (hips and veilels therein, and for the regulation of porters within the faid port or harbour, and fiver and within the town of Neath,

108.	An ad* for altering and amending an a&, made \r\ the thirty-fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An all for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the twqn and count % of the town cf Southampton, to t]be city, ^New Sarum, in the county of Wilts, with a collateral branch to Northam, within the liberties of toe town <?/Southampton.

109.	An acf for enabling the HorriccfUe navigation compsmy to raife a further fum of money to complete the bid navigation, and for amending an aft, pafled in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent fyjajefty, for making and maintaining the bid navigation.

1 ip. An a6t for continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of then next feffion of parliament, the term, and enlarging the powers of two afls, pafl'ed in the twenty-fe- * ▼entb year of the reign of his late majeft y King. George the Second, and the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for opening, making, widening, and keeping in repair, a road from Ratcliff Highway, through Cannon Street, in the county of MiddUfex, into the road leading into the county of EJJexy and alfo from the Vfeft end of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shad-well Street into the Back Lane, of the faid county of Middlefex.

Hi. An adi for continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next; fefSon of parliament, the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two acis, pafled for repairing, amending, and widening, the road from Keighley, in the weft riding of the county of Xorky to Kirk by in Kendal, in the county of IVejlmariand, fo far as the fame relate to that part cf the (aid road which lies within the counties of Wefimorland and LancaJIer.

112.	An adt for continuing, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term* and altering and enlarging the powers, of two a&s, pafi'ed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and in the tenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty^ for repairing and widening the road from Sutton, in the county of Surrey, through the borough of Rcigatey by Sidlow Mill* to Povey Crcfsy ?nd fcveral other roads therein mentioned, in the fame county.'

113.	An a& for vefting part of the fettled eftates of the rtioft honourable Arthur marquis of Downfoire, in the kingdom of Ire-landy and earl of Hilljhoroughy in the kingdom of England\ in truftec?, to be fold, and for laying out the money arifing thereby in the purchafc of other eftates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, and to the fame ufes, and for other purpofes.

114.	An a6\ for the partition of divers eftates of the late fir . Humphrey Brigges baronet, in which the right honourable Richard

^vifeount Fitzwilliam, in the kingdom of lrelandy the reverend Richard Huntley, and George Brooke efquire, have undivided lharcs,

115. An

*•''ft

U , "b r

A? :

I

>• J

 L.ooQle

(Private) 39	40	GEO. III..

115.	An net for confirming a partition made oif the eftates of the lare Iiumprey Pitt efquire, and certain powers of fale, mentioned in the partition deeds.

116.	An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons and wafte lands in the parifti of Yfcdfiog^ in the county of Flint% and in the parifti of Namierehy in the county of Flint and Den-high.

n^r. An a& for enabling truftces to enfranchife copyhold meffuages or tenements in the manor of Brighthelmjlon, in the county of SuffeXy and to grant leafes of certain other tenements within the faid manor, devifed by the will of the late Charts Scrafe efquire, deceafed.

118.	An a& for draining, embanking, and preferving divers trails of land within the townftiip of Mujlon, in the parifh of Hunmnby, and alfo within fundry other pariihes, townthips, or places adjoining or near to the rivers Denv:nt and Harford, in the eaft and north ridings of the county of York.

119.	An ad for effc&uating a partition or diviiion of certain freehold and copyhold, or cuftomary, mefiuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Worcefter^ heretofore the eftates of Holland Cookfey efquire, deceafed, and tor fubftituting Thomas Bird gentleman, to be a truftee in the place of William Doivdef-well efquire, now in parts beyond the fea, for ail the purposes for which the faid I Villi am Dowdefwell, jointly with Thomas Bhney gentleman, is a truftee of one undivided fifth part of the faid freehold and copyhold, or cuftomary, melliiages, lands, and hereditaments.

120.	An adt for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons, wafle lands, and marihes, in the parifh of IVhiiford\ in the county of Flinty and for fencing the faid marfhes*

PRIVATE ACTS.

1,	d N aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the common

/I and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Tilhrooke, in the county of Bedford.

2.	An aA for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the parifti of IJHpy in the county of Northampton.

3.	An a<ft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the commons and wafte grounds within the parifti of Salhoufey in the county of Norfolk.

4.	Ah a& for dividing, allotting, aqd inclofing, the commons and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Langleyy in the county cf Norfolk.

5.	An a<ft for divining, allotting, and inclofing the common fields, half year or (hack lands, warren commons, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Cattfon^ in the county of Norfolk.

6.	An

 

. A.T ABLE of the STATUTES

6.	An ad for dividing,* allotting, and inclofing themottiv common?, and wade lands, lying Within the manor and parifh; of Locking, in the county of Somerfet, -■

7.	An ad for dividing, allotting, ^nd iriHofing, the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Bythorn, in the county of Huntingdon.

8.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the commons and wade grounds, within the parifh of Thorpe, next Norwich,in the county of Norfolk, and in the county of the city of Norwich.

9.	An ad for inclofing, dividing, and allotting, tw.o certain tracts of land, now held and ufed as (tinted common of pafture, within the parifh of Sneitifham, in the county of Norfolk.

10.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open, and common arable meadow, ley pafture, and wafte lands, within the parifh of JVendkbwy> in the county of Oxford.

11.	An ad for feparating the commons or wafte grounds of the manor of Eafl Horfeky, in the county of Surrey, which lie in the fevcral parifhes of Enfl Horftley and Ockham, within the laid * manor, and for fettling the rights of common thereon.

12.	'An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands, lying within the parifh of Bloxham, in the county of Oxford. •

13.	An ad for dividing and inclofing feveral open fields and commons or wafte grounds, within the parifh of Martin with Grafton, in the county of York.

14.	An ad for dividing, allotting, Inclofing, the commons and wafte lands, within the parifh of Burlifcombe, in the county of Devon.

15.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing,* the feveral parcels of common, moor, and wafte grounds, withm the manor of 1Skelmanthcrpey in the weft riding of the county of York*

16.	An ad for dividing, allotting, regulating, and inclofing, the open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Normanton upon Trent, in the county of Nottingham.

17.	An ad for verting in Heneage Legge and TVilliam Sheldon efquires, divers freehold lands and hereditaments, in the parifh of Saint Alary Magdalen Bermondfey, in the county of Surrey, late the eftate of Sarah Weft widow, and conveyed by her to Jofepb Martin efejuire, and Beriah Hills gentleman, by indentures of leafe and leleafe, bearing date refpedively the twentieth and tWenty-firft days of Mtrcb one thoufand feven hundred and feventy-four, upon Several trufts, and foe enabling the (aid Heneage Legge and William Sheldon to execute fuch of the fame trufts as are now fublifting.

18.	An ad for uniting the north mediety of the redory of Leverton, in the county of Lincoln, with the fouth mediety of the fame redory, from and after the next avoidance of either benefice.

19.	An ad for dividing, allotting, J/idofing, and laying in

feveral ty.

rjiv

LA

u r.i’

xno;

vh

il'y

t

1 i

>>»,

1

j * Cl

1 ;i,

i

(Private) 39 £5? 40 GEO. III.

feveralty, the common atid open fields, Common meadows* commonable lands, commons, and wade grounds, within the parilh of Milton, in the county of Cambridge.

20.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common or wafte ground called AJhby Wouldr, in the manor and parilh of Afhby-de-la-Zouchy in the county of Leicejler.

21.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain Commons and wafte lands, in the parifhes of Stoke-upon-Tern^ and Hinflock, in the coupty of Salop.

22.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open common field, or mefne inclofure, commons, moors, and wafte grounds, within the manor of Denby, otherwife Denby with Clayton Weft9 in the weft riding of the county of York.

23.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the common and open fields, meadows, commonable land and wafte grounds, within the parilh of Over and Nether Dean, in the county of Bedford.

24.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, common paftures, and common meadows, within fuch part of the parilh of IVelford as is within the county

of Glouccjler.

25.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofinz, a common called Yanfield Moor, in the parilh of CheJier-U~Streety in the county of Durham.

26.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, in the parilh of Farndifh9 in the counties of Bedford and North-ampton, or one of them,

27.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the parilh of Ryhall with Belme/lhorpe, otherwife Belminjlhorpe, in the county of Rutland.

28.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the whole year lands, open fields, commons, commonable wood grounds, and other commonable and wafte lands, within the parilh of Ovingtonfxn the county of Norfolk.

29.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, commonable lands, and wafte , grounds, within the parilh of Barnack with Pilfgate^ in the county of Northampton.

30.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, ings, commons, and wafte grounds, within the town-(hips of Tholthorpe and Flawith, in the parilh of Alney in the north riding of the county of York.

31.	An aft to diffoive the marriage of Edward Henry Colum-bine efquire, with Anna Maria Starr9 his now wife, and to enable him td marry again, and for other purpofes therein ntemioned.

32.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and laying in feveralty, the open and common lands and grounds, within t!.e parilh of Shalbourn, in the counties of Wilts and Berks.

Digitize3^O0Ogie

A TABLE of the STATUTES

33.	An a& for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons and wnfte crounds, in the plrifhes of Eaft Poringland, tVeJi Pon ngland, Framingham Earl, Framingham Pi got, Bixley, ArmeringhaH, St eke Holy Crofs, and Caijler Saint Edmund, in the county of Norfolk \ and for making a compenfarion for the tythes arifing in the faid parities of Eajl Poringland, Framingham Earl\ and Bixley.

34.	An for dividing, allotting, ancf inclofing, the open fields, meadowy paftures, moors, carrs, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, in the parifh of IVrawby-cum-Brigg, in the county of Lincoln.

35.	An a£t for dividing and inclofing the commons, fen grounds, and wafte lands, within the pariih of Brooke, in the county of Norfolk,

36.	An ael for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, commonable lands, and waftegrounds, withirt the pari ill of Newton BromJtjchl, in the county of Norths ampton, and alfo fuch of the open fields, and other commonable lands, within the parifh of Higham Ferrers, in the faid county of Northampton, as are called or known by the names of The Bufcotts and No Mar's Leys.

37.	An for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, and wafte grounds, in the lordlhip of Bar holm, in the county of Lincoln.

38.	An a<ft for dividing, inclofing, and improving the. feveral open arable fields, ings, paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, aArithin the townfhip ofIVomerjlcyfm the weft riding of the county of Tori.

39.	An a<3 for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain open and common fields and wafte lands, within the parifh of Saint John Hertford, and the liberty of Brickendon, in the pariih of

All Saints Hertford, in the county of Hertford,

40.	An aft for veftir.g the manor of Moreton, and divers mef-fuages, lands, and hereditaments in Moreton in the county of Stafford, devi/ed by the will of fir JVilliam IVolfeky baronet, deceased, in truftces, to be fold, and for the application of the money to arife from fuch falc, and for other purpofes.

41# An a£t for vefting part of the'fettled eftates of Pichard IVocd efquire, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the monies ih the purchafe of other eftates, to be fettled in lieu thereof, to the fame ufes, and for other purpofes.

42.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the commons and wafte grounds within the pariih of Little Plumjicad in the county of Not folk,

43.	An a<5t for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open fields and wafte ground within the townfhip of Holmpton, in the parifhes of Holmpton and Hollym cum fVithernJea, in Holdernefs, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

44.	An a<5t for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, meadows, and wafte lands in the parifh of Newark upon Trent, in the county of Nottingham.

45* An



r

£i'.

-COJ

£ li

1

1 -<■ , j ’’1,1

r. ;

L'-



 LjOOQle

[Private) 39	40	GEO.	III.

45.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the feverat open fields, meadows, commons, and waftes, in the villa or hamlets of High Egbrough, Low Egbrough, Sherwood, Hut green, and Tranmoor, in the parifti of Kellington, in the weft riding of the county of

46.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open common fields* ings, marfhes, common, commonable lands, and wafle grounds, within the manor and townlhip of Carlton in the parifti of Snaith, and the manor and townfhipof Camblef-forth, in the parifti of Draxy in the weft riding of the county of York*

47.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the commons and wafte grounds within the parilh of Sproiujlon in the county of Norfolk.

48.	An aft for dividing and inclofing Noman's Moor, other-wife Norman's Moor, within the north riding of the county of York.

49.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the commons and wafte grounds within the manor and townftiip of Thurfton-land\ in the parifti of Kirkburton> in the weft riding of the

' county of York.

50.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open and

1 common fields, common downs, commons, and wafte lands in the parilh of JVtnterborne Stickland, in the county of Dorfet, and • for extinguifhing the tithes in the fame parifti.

51.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields, meadows, and paftures, and other commonable lands and grounds, and alfo the wafte lands and ground^ within the feveral parifhes of Hanwortb> Feltkam, and Sunbury, in the county of Middlefex.

52.	An aft for dividing, allotting, inclofing, and improving, the open arable fields, ftinted paftures, common paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the townfhip of Kearbyy other-wife Kirkby, otherwife Kirby-cum- Nether by, in the parifti of Kir,f-by-Overblow, in the weft riding of the county of York.

53.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the feveral

I	commons and wafte lands in the manors and townfhips of Hale

\	and Haliwood, in the parifti of Childwall, in the county palatine

. of Lane after,

54.	An aft fof dividing, allotting, and inclofing the Open i fields, paftures, waftes, and other uninclofed lands and grounds,

in the parifti of Braceborough, in the county of Lincoln, and for i making compenfation (or the tithes within the fame parifti.

55.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing the open common, fields, lammas lands, commons, heaths, moors, and wafte lands, withiil the parifti of Iver, in the county of Buckingham,

[	56.	An	aft to enable Juftinian Kerry efquire, and his iflue, to

; take the furname and arms of Ekins only, purfuant to the will of JuJlinian Ekins efquire, deceafed.

57.	An aft to enable the truftees therein named, to repair the

Vou XLU.	q	Digitized	by

A TABLE of the STATUTES

new bridge over the river Avon, from the city of Bath, to the manor of Bathwick, and to raife a fufficient fum for that purpofe by a charge on the truft eftates of the late genera! Pultenev, or to apply in that manner certain fums which may be payable to the faid truft eftates from the company of proprietors of the Kennet and Avon canal navigation,

58.	An aft for empowering the judges of the court of feffion in Scotland to fell fuch part or parts of the entailed eftate of Biairhall and others, in the counties of Fife and Perth, belonging to miftrefs Ann Ranaidfon Dickfon, wife of Jamer Ranaidfon Dickfon, of Biairhall\ efquire, as (hail be fufficient for payment of the debts and piovifions to younger children affefting the fame.

59.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofmg the open fields, and other commonable lands, in the parifhes of Exton ^nd Cottefmore with Barrow, in the county of Rutland, and for extinguishing the tithes in thofe parilhes.

60.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing certain heath lands, and open and common fields, common paftures, and commonable lands, within the parifh of Cajp.ngton, in the county of Oxford, and in the hamlet of IVorton, otherwise Work* ton, within the faid parifh.

61.	An aft for dividing and inclofmg the open m?adow9y commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of South Hykeham, in the county of Lincoln, and for making com*, penfation to the reftor of South Hykeham aforefaidy in lieu of the tithes of all the titheable lands within the fame parifh.

62.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofmg, the open and common fields, meadows, paftures, waftes, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parifh of Guilden Morden, in the county of Cambridge.

63.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofmg, the feveral open common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and other commonable lands, and a traft of heath land, within the parifh of Enjham, in the county of Oxford.

64.	An aft for dividing and inclofmg certain open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, within the parifh of Holywell with Needingworth, in the county of Huntingdon.

65.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofmg, the half year or (hack lands, warrens, commons, heaths, commonable buds, hnd wafte grounds, within the parifhes of Harford, Horjham Saint Faith's, and hamlet of Newton Saint faith's, in the county of Norfolk.

66.	An a<ft for dividing and inclofing certain open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, within the parifh of Elfwarth, in the county of Cambridge.

67.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons, moors, and wafte grounds, within the townfhip of Ing-burchworth, in the parifh of Pcniflone, in the weft riding of the county of York.

68. An

 

t

a

t

a

i

ft

&

$

$

is

Ti*

liRS*

left

Jr

$5*

i*

i5»

(5f.

k#

;*>

*J?

:i

{Private) 39 &? 40 GEO. III.

68.	An aft for confirming and eftabltfhtng the divifion and indofure of a certain common, or parcel of wafte land, called Seifton Foreft, otherwife 7*ht Long Forejl, within the townfhips of Seifton, Bathe, and Norton, in the parifh of Odmington, in the county of Salop, and certain exchanges of lands and eftates within the faid parifh.

69.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, meadows, paftures, commonable and wafte lands, within the parifh of Wyfall, in the county of Nottingham.

70.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, certain common fields and wafte lands, within or adjoining the pariih of Saint Mary, in Stafford, in the county of Stafford,

71.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open fields, meadow, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Ordfall, in the county of Nottingham.

72.	An aft for naturalizing Alexander John Gafpard Marcet.

73.	An aft for the fale of the George inn, in the town of Northampton, vefted in truftees for charitable purpofes under the will of John Driden efquire, deceafed, and for inverting the money ariling from the fale thereof in the purchafe of three pounds per centum confolidated bank annuities, until a proper purchafe can

be found, and in the mean time for applying the dividends and ’ annual produce thereof for the fame charitable purpofes.

. 74; An aft to give to truftees powers of fale, exchange, and partition, over fucb of the (hares of eftates comprized in the marriage fettlement of William Barbor efquire, as are fituate in the ‘county of Somerfet, and to lay out the money arifing by fuch fale in the purchafe of eftates, to be fituate in the county of Devon., and to give a power of changing and appointing new truftees of fhe eftates fo to be fold.

75.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the commons and wafte grounds, within the pariih of Rocefter, and in the townfhip of Denfton, within the parifhes of Roctfler aforefaid, and Alveton, in the county of Stafford.

76.	An aft for exchanging, allotting, improving, andinclofing, certain open and commonable arable lands, within the parifh of

a ill, in the county of Somerfet, and for dividing, allotting, ig, and improving, a certain open and commonable pasture, called Stert Common, fituate in the pariQiof Huntfpill aforefaid, and in the pariihes of Cannington, Stockland Brijlol, and Stogurfty, in the faid county of Somerfet.

77.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofing> the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and wafte grounds, within the parifh of Con-nington, in the county of Cambridge.

78.	An aft for dividing, allotting, and inclofinff, the open and comriTon fields, common or commonable meadows, pafture , lands, and grounds, and wafte lands, in the parifh of Whitchurch, in the county of Oxford.

79.	An a£t for dividing and incloftrg the common, common fields, common marfhes, and wafte land, within the parifh of 7. *„	*

A TABLE of the STATUTES, &c.

Edmonton, in the county of Middlefex, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

80.	An a61 for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the open and common fields and downs, common meadows, common paftures, and commonable and wafie lands, within the manor or tithing of Chirtzn> otherwife Cherringtony in the county of Wiki.

8r. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the feveral open fields, meadows, paftures, commons, commonable lands, and wafte grounds, within the feveral manors or townfhips of Hunmanby and Fordony in the parilh of Hunmonbyy in the eaft riding of the county of Torky and for making compenfation in lieu of tithe arifing in, over, or upon, the fame, and in, over, and upon, certain ancient inclofed lands in the fame townfhips,

82.	An a61 for naturalizing Frederick William IVtftenbfufen*

83.	An a6t for naturalizing Charles Gotthold Nicofoy.

84.	An a6l for dividing, allotting, laying in feveralty, and in-

clofing, the open and common arable lands, common, meadow, common pafture, wafte and down ground, within the parilh or townlhip of Sparjhohy in the county of Berksy and within the hamlet of Wejicotey in the fame parirn and county.	•

85.	An a6t for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the heaths

and commons, and for exonerating, from common right, the half year lands and lammas lands, within the manors of Dedham Hall and Overhall and Netherbally in the parifti of Dedham^ in the county of Ejfex.	>

86.	An a61 for naturalizing Francis Julius Mitheli.

87.	An adt for naturalizing John Tuliilen.

88.	An adt for naturalizing John Joachim Vital de Boulee de Brouquensy an infant.

89.	An adt for naturalizing Johan Gotlieb Lebreiht Sultzhergen.

90.	An adt for naturalizing Jean Elizabeth Grammont Validity widow.

 L>ooole

THE

PUBLIC LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

Anno tricefimo ■ nono Georgii III. Regis.

*** It being thought unneceflary to print in this place the whole of the titles of the Public Local and Perfona! Acts, which are all inferted in the 'Fable; the Editor has fele£ted thole Ads which he thought would be found of mod general utility, either at length, or made copious abftrads of them.

Cap. 58.

An ad for regulating the rates of porterage to be taken by innkeepers and ether perfons within the cities of London and Weftminfter, the borough of Southwark, ar.d places adjacent.—[June ai, 1799 ]

WHEREAS great exactions and abufes are daily pra&ifed in the porterage or delivery of boxes, baikets, packages, parcels, trufles, game, and ether things, within the Cities of London and Weftminfter, and the borough of Southwark, and the fuburbs and liberties thereof re-fpettivcly, and other parts contiguous thereto, brought by ftage waggons, carts, public ftage coaches or carriages: and whereas the laws now in being are inefficient for the prevention of fuch exa&ior.s and abufes: may it pleafe your Majefty that it may 4>e enadted, and be it enabled by tbe King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand (even hundred and ninety nine, no innkeeper, wareheufeketper, or other perfon, to whom any box, haiket, package, parcel, trufs, game, or other thing whatfoever, not exceeding fifty-fix pounds weight, is brought by any ftnge waggon or cart, or any public'ftnge coach or carriage, or any porter or other perfon employed by luch innkeeper, warehoulekeeper, or other perfon 111 the porterage or delivery of any fuch box, ha fket, package, parcel, trufs, game, orotherthings within the cities of London and Weftminfter, and the borough of Southwark, and the fuburbs and liberties thereof rifpe&ively, anti other parts contiguous thereto, not exceeding the diftance of half a mile from the end of the carriage pavement in the feveral ftreets and places within the faid cities, boroughs, and libutics, ihall afk or demand, or receive or take, in rdptd of fuch porterage or delivery, any greater rate or price than the feveral rates or prices hereafter mentioned ; (that is to fay,)

For any diftance not exceeding a quarter of a mile, the fum of three pence:

For any greater diftance than a quarter of a mile, but not exceeding half a mile, the fum of four pence: .

For any greater diftance than h:df a mile, but not exceeding one mile, the fum of fix pence •

For any greater diftance than one mile, but not exceeding one mils and a half, the fum of eight pence :

For any greater diftance than one mile and a half, but not exceeding two miles, the fum of ten pence $ and fo in like manner the additional fum of three pence for every further diftance not exceeding half a mile.

II.	And be it further enabled* That if any porter or other perfon employed in the porterage or delivery of fuch boxes, baikrts, packages, parcels, trufles, game or other things as aforefaid, (hall afk or demand, or receive or take, of and from any perfon or perfons tn refped of fuch Vol, XLII.	#F?	porterage

 ViOO

Public Local and Perfonal Adts [1800.

porterage or delivery, any greater fum or Aims than the rates or prices hereinbefore fixed in that behalf, fuch porter or other perfons (hall for every fuch offence forfeit a fum not exceeding twenty millings nor lefs than five (hillings.

III.	And be it further cna&ed, That before any fuch box, baiket, packet, package, parcel, trufs, game, or other thing whatfoever is fent from the inn, warehoufe, or other place to which the fame is brought or conveyed, there (hall be made out and given to the porter or otherperfon employed in the delivery thereof, a card or ticket, whereon lhall be diftindtly printed, written, or marked the name and defeription of the inn, warehoufe, or other place from whence the fame is fent, and the fum due for the carriage thereof, and alfo the fum due for the porterage or delivery thereof, according to the rates and prices aforefaid, and the chriftian name and furname of the porter or other perfon employed in fuch delivery, which card or ticket (hall be delivered by the porter or other perfon employed as aforefaid, at the fame time and together with fuch box, baiket. packet, package, parcel, trufs, game, or other thing; and if any fuch box, baiket, or other article lhall be fent from any inn, warehoufe, or other place without fuch pard or ticket as aforefaid, every fuch innkeeper, warehoufekeeper, or other perfon (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and piy any fum not exceeding forty (hillings nor lets than five (hillings: and any porter or other perfon employed in the delivery of any fuch box, balktt, or other article, who lhall not at the time of fuch delivery leave therewith fuch card or ticket as aforefaid, or who lhall wilfully alter, obliterate, or deface any thing written or exprefled thereon, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the film of forty fhillings; and if any fuch porter or other perfon (hall, upon the delivery of fuch box, baiket, or other article, alk or demand, or take or receive any larger fum for the carriage of luch article than is written or expreffed as aforefaid, every fuch porter or other perfon lhall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the turn of twenty (hillings.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That every box, baiket, package, parcel, trufs, game, or other thing brought to any inn, warehoufe, or other place, by any public ftage coach or carriage other than ftage waggons, ior the purpofe of delivery within the limits aforefaid, (except where the fame (ball be directed to be left till called for), lhall be delivered accord-ing to the direction thereof within fix hours after the arrival of any fuch box, bafket, or other article at fuch inn, warehoufe, or other place, uulefs fuch arrival lhall be between the hours of four in the evening and feven in the morning, and in that cafe every fuel) delivery lhall be made within fix hours after fuch hour in the morning, and in default thereof every innkeeper, wart housekeeper, or other perfon, to whole inn, ware-houle, or other place fuch box, baiket, or otner article lhall be brought as aforefaid, lhall forfeit and pay for every fu-h offence any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings nor lefs than ten (hillings.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That every box, baiket, package, pared; • trufs, game, or other thing brought to any inn, warehoufe, or other place, by any public ftage waggon for the purpole of delivery within the limits aforefaid, (except where the lame (hall be diretfted to be left till called for), (hall be delivered according to the direction thereof within twenty-four hours after the arrival of any fuch box, baiket, or other article at fuch inn, warehoufe, or other place, and in default thereof every innkeeper, warehoufekeeper, or other perfon, to whofe inn, warehoufe, or other place fuch box, baiket, or other article (hall be brought as aforefaid, lhall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings nor kl's than ten Ihillings.

VI.	And be it enacted, That every fuch box, bafket, package, parcel, trufs, game, or other thing brought to fuch inn, warehoufe, or other place as aforefaid, which (hall be dire<fted to be left till called for, (ball, upon the demand of the perfon properly authorifed to receive the fame, he delivered to fuch perfon without any charge or demand whatfoever, other than what is juftly due for the carriage thereof, and the additional fum of two pence for the warehoufc-room thereof; and if the fame

 LiOOQie

i8oo.]	39	Geo.	III.	c.	58*.	451*

be not delivered to fuch perfon upon fuch demand, or any charge othet than as aforefaid be made or received in refpetf thereof, every innkeeper, warehoufekeeper, or other perfon. to whofe inn, warehoufe, or other place fuch box, b.ilket, or other article fhall be brought as aforefaid, (half forfeit and pay for every fuch offence or overcharge any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings nor left than ten {hilling*.

VII.	Provided nevertheless, That if fuch box, bafket, or other article fo directed to be left till called for be not fent for from fuch inn, warehoufe. or other place before the end of one week after the fame is brought to fuch inn, warehoufe, or other place, it fhall be lawful to and for luch innkeeper, warehoufekeeper, or other perfon to charge and receive the further fum of one penny for the warehoufe-room thereof, and fo in like manner if the ihme be not font for before the end of the fecond or any fubfequent week, to charge the further fum of one penny weekly.

VIII.	Provided alfo. That if any fuch fcox, bafket, or other article brought to fuch inn, warehoufe, or other place as aforefaid, which is not dire&ed to be left till called for, (hall, before the lame is fent for delivery from fuch inn, warehoufe, or other place, be demanded by any perfon properly authorifed to receive the fame, fuc’a box, bafket, or other article mall be thereupon delivered to fuch perfon ib demanding the fame; and it fhall in fuch cafe be lawful to and for fuch innkeeper, warehoufe-keeper, or other perfon to charge and take the fumjuftlydue for the carriage thereof, and alfo the fum of two pence for the warehoufe-room thereof; but if the fame be not deliveied to fuch perfon upon fuch demand, or any charge other than as aforefaid be made or received in refpeft thereof, every innkeeper, warchoufekteptr, or other perfon, to wbofe inn, warehoufe, or other place fuch box, bafket, or oriitr article fhall be brought as aforefaid, lhail forfeit and pay for every fuch offence any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings nor Id's than ten fhdlings.

IX.	And, for the preventing the mifbehaviour of porters or other per-fons employed in the porterage or delivery of fuch boxes, balkets, packages, parcels, trufTes, game, or other things as aforefaid, be it further enabled, That upon cumpUint made of any non-delivery, negled, mif-conduft, or mifbehaviour in fuch employment to any juftice ot the peace

' within whofe iurifdidlion the offence has been committed, or ihe offender fhall be or refide, it fhall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice of the ‘	peace to grant a warrant to	bring before him the peifon agiinlt whom

X;	luch complaint fhall be made,	and upon proof, made upon oath, (which

oath fuch juft ice is hereby empowered to adminifter), of any inch non-delivery, ntgle&, mifcon-.iuil,'or mifbehaviour of fuel) porter or other [■* perfon, to impofe a fine or penalty upon fuch porter nr other perfon not f exceeding the fura of twenty (hillings nor left than five ihillings. i X. And be it further enacted. That if any perfi>n to whom any fuch*

(?-	box, bafket, package, parcel,	truft, game, or other article as aforefaid,

fhall be directed, fhall, upon	the delivery thereof, neglect or retufe to

1	pay to the porter or other perfon employed to deliva r the fame the money

*	juftly due for the carriage thereof, and alfo due for the porterage or dc-

1-	livery thereof, according to the rates aforefaid, or for the warehoufe-

2	room thereof, as the calc may be, it lh;dl and may be lawful to and for' any juftice of the peace within whofe jurildi£tion fuch negleft or refill'd

t* fhall he made, or the perfon charged with fuch offence fhall rtlide, upon i. complaint thereof made, to grant a warrant to bring before him the per-f j fon againft whom fuch complaint fiiall be made, and upon proof thereof*

:	made upon oath, (which oath fuch juftice is hereby empowered to admi-

niftcr), to award reafonable fat is fa of ion to the party grieved, for his damage and cofts, and fi r his loft of time in recovering the fame, and or* non-payment of the futn fo awarded, by warrant under his hand and’ feal, to levy the fame by diftreft and fide of the goods and chattels of the of-. fender, rendering to luch offender the overplus of fuch diftrefs, if any there be, after deducting the charges of making the feme.

1 XL Provided always, and be it further emtfed, That no perfon fhalT be profecuted for any offence againft this a<ft> unkift in formation of fudr .	f	f	1	offence

I	

452

Public Local and Perfonal Afts [1800.

offence be given to a juftice of the peace within fourteen days next after

the commifticn of fuch offence.

XII.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained fhall extend or be con (trued to extend to authorife the employment of any porter or other perfen in the porterage or delivery of parcels within the city of London contrary to tne laws and ufages of the laid city.

XIII.	And, for the fpeedy recovery of all and every the penalties and forfeitures which (hall be incurred under this a<ft, be it further ena&ed, That it fhall .and may be lawful for any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace within whole jurifdi&ion any offence or offences againft this aift fhall be committed, or the perfon charged with fuch offence fhall re-lide, upon complaint or information to him or them made, to fummon the party or parties accufed, and alfo the witnefles on either fide, to appear before him or them at a certain time and place in fuch fummon* to be fpecified, and upon the appearance of the party or parties accufed, or in default of his, her, or their appearance according to fuch fummons, (due proof being made of the fervice of fuch fummons), to proceed to hear and determine the matter in a fummary way, and upon due proof made of the offence, either by the voluntary confcffion of the party or parties accufed, cr by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefi'es, (which oath or oaths the fa id juftice or jufticcs is or are empowered to abminiftcr), to convict the party or parties, and to award and adjudge the penalties imposed by this a<5t to be paid by fuch offender or offenders, together with reasonable cofts and charges attending fuch convi&ion, and upon nonpayment of the fum fo awarded, either immediately or at fuch time as the faid jultice cr jufticcs fhall appoint, not exceeding feven days, fuch iu ft ice or jufticcs before whom fuch convict, on fhall be had is or are hereby empowered and authorifed to iffue his or their warrant for appre-' bending fuch offender ; and in cafe fuch offender fhall tfcape or go out of the jurffd'nffion of fuch juftice or juftices, it fhall and may be lawful for any other juftifce of the peace of the county or place where fuch offender fhall be found, by indorfement of fuch warrant, to authorife the execution thereof within the jurifdi&ion of fuch juftice, and the juftice or juftices who granted filch warrant may, upon the offender being brought before him or them, commit fuch offender to feme public prifon or houfe of correction of the city, county, or place in which fuch offence (hall have been committed, or fuch offender fhall have reftded, there to remain without bail or main prize for ary term not exceeding one calendar month or lefs than fourteen days from the day of every fuch commitment, unlefs fuch offender fhall fooner pay the fum to be mentioned in every fuch warrant of commitment.

XIV.	And be it further enndted, That if any perfon or perfons fhall be fummoned as a witnefs or witneffes to give evidence before any fuch juftice or juftices of the peace touching any matter contained in this a£t, and fhall have had a reafonable fum of money paid or tendered to him for his lofs of time and expences, and fhall neglect or refute to appear at the time and place for that purpofe appointed, without a reafonable excufe for fuch his or their negleCt or retufel, to be allowed of by fuch juftice or juftices, every fuch perfon fhall forfeit Or pay for every fuch offence any fum not exceeding forty fhillings nor lefs than twenty /hillings, to be lifted and paid in filch manner and by fuch means as hereinbefore directed with refped to other penalties ; and if any perfon or perfons fum-moned as a witnefs or witnefi'es to give evidence as aforefaid (hall appear at the time and place for that purpofe appointed, but fhall refufe to an-fwer any lawful queftion* fuch juftice or juftices may think proper to put to him, fuch jultice or juftices may commit every fuch perfon to tome ] prifon or houfe of corre<ftion of the city, county, or place within the jurifditfion of fuch juftice or juftices, for any time not exceeding fourteen days from the time of every fuch commitment.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That the juftice or juftices of the peace before whom any offender fhall be convicted as aforefaid (hall caute the faid convi<ftion to be made out in the following form of words, or in any j form of words to the fame effeft $ (that is to fey),

 v^ooQle

To

i8oo.]

39 Geo. III. c. 58*.

T 5c tJE ,#t remembered, That on this	day	of

i° w t. ^ JQ jn tjie	year of his majcfty King

A. B. is convifted before me for us)	one	f	or	two)	of	his	Majefty’s

juftices of the peace for the city of London? (or tor the city and liberty of Wefiminjler, or for the county of	as	the	cafe	may	be?)	for	that

the faid A. B. on the	day	of	now	lait	part	did,

contrary to the ftatute in that cife made and provided [here fate toe offence agamji the aci) ; and I (or we) do declare and adjudge, that the laid A. S. hath forfeited the fuin of	of	Lawful	money	of	Great	.

Britain for the offence aforefaid. Given under my hand and feal, (or our hands and feals), the day and year aforefaid.’

And the faid juftice or juftices before whom fuch conviftion flnll be had ftiall certify the fame to the next general or quarter feflionsofthe peace to be holden for the city, county, liberty, or place wherein fuch conviftion' was had, to be filed and kept amongft the records of the (aid general or quarter feflions, and fuch conviction (hall be good and valid in the law to all intents and purpofes, and iball not be quaihed, fet afide, or judged void or in fufficient for want of form only, and (hall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majefty’s court of King's bench, but (hall be deemed and taken to be final to all intents and pu:poles whatfoever.

XVI.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacted. That all and every perfon and perfons who (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by the judgement or determination of any fuch juftice or juftices as aforefaid, may appeal to the juftices of the peace for the city, liberty, county, or place where fuch judgement (hall be given, at their then next general or general quarter feflions of the peace, unlefs fuch next general or general quarter feftions of the peace (hall happen to be holden within fix days next after any fuch con vision, and in luch cafe fuch perfon or perfons may appeal to the fecond general or general quarter feflionsofthe tpeace which (hall be holden for any fuch city, libeity, county, or place next after any fuch conviftion, but no fuch appeal (hall be received, heard, or determined unlefs the appellant or appellants (hall firft enter into a recognizance with two fufficient iureties, before luch juftice or juftices fo convicting as aforefaid, in the fum of ten pounds each, to appear and profecute every fuch appeal with effeft; and the juftices of the peace at fuch general or general quarter feflions of the peace are hereby autho-rifed and required on every fuch appeal being made, and on reafonable i\otice thereof given to the other party, finally to hear and determine the .matter of every fuch appeal, and to mike fuch order and to award fuch cofts therein as they in their diferetion (hall fee meet, and which faid order and determination (hall be final and conclufive to all parties, and no Certiorari (hall be allowed to remove any fuch proceedings or determination.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That one moiety cf the penalties by this aft impofed (hall, when recovered, go and be paid tfi the perfon or perfons who (hall profecure to conviftion any fuch o(fender or offenders, and the other moiety to the poor of the parilh in which the offence (hall be committed.

XVIII.	And be it fuither enafted, That no perfon fliall be fued or profccuted for any thing done in purfuanee and in execution of this aft after the expiration of fix months from the time when the offence was committed, and every fuch fuit or profecution (hall be brought in the city, county, or place where fuch offence (hall have been committed, and not elfewhere ; and every perlbn fo fued (hall and may plead the general iftiie (not guilty), and may give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if a verdift (hall be found for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff (hall become non-fuited or dif-contintie his aftion after the defendant (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon a demurrer againtt the plaintiff or plaintift’s, the defendant or defendants in every fuch aftion (hall receive double cofts, and have the like remedy fpr the fame as defendants have in other cafes for the recovery of their cofts.

XIX.	And

 vjOOQlC

F F 3

454*	Public	Local	and	Perfonal	Ads	[1800.

XIX.	And be it further enatfed, That this a<ft /hall be deemed and taken to be a pubttek a<ft, and (hall be judicially tnken notice of r.s fuch fyy all judges, juftices, and other perlons whomfoever, without ipccially pleading the fame. ^

Cap. 69.

An aft for rendering more commodhtr, arid for Letter regulating, the port of London.—[July 12, j 799. J

Preamble.

Common council cm* p owe led to make a navigable canal acrots the Hie of Dogs.

WHEREAS confidcrabk difldvantages to the trade of the fort of London arife from the ci/ chitons courfe cf%thc river Thames round the traft of land, called The Ille of Dogs: and ivbercas% from the very gre at and progrejfive increcfc of the number and fize oj flips and other vejjels trading to the port of London, the river Thames, in the faid port, is, in general, fo much crowded with flipping, lighters, and other craft, that the navigation of a cotifuler-able part of the faid river is rendered tedious and dangerous j and there is much want of room in the faid port, for the fafe and convenient mooring of vrjjds and accefs to them: and whereas great hiconveni-encies are aljo experienced in the faid pert, for want of regulations concerning the navigating and mooring of vejjels in the fame: and whereas want of accommodation for the landing and flipping of goods, wares, and merchandize, has for feme years pafe been experienced, by reafen of the confined and crowdedfate of the legal quays in or be-longing to the faid port: and whereas great delays, accidents, damages, Ioffes, and extraordinary expences, are fujlained from the aforejaid caufes, to the hindrance of commerce, and the great injury of the pub-licit revenue: and whereas the faid evils might, in a confiderable degree, be remedied, if a navigable canal for fijips and other vcjfls. Were made acrcfs the faid ]/le of Dogs, between Blackwall and Limejtoufe Hole, and if proper jneefures were adopted for the better navi gating'and mooring of flips and other veffels in the river Thames^ and alfo if good and fufficient wet docks and bafons were made in feme part cr parts of the faid I/le of Dogs, with quays, wharfs, and warihcufes attached thereto, for the reception, dijeharge, and loading of flips and veffeis in the Weft India trade: but uicfmucb as the fame cannot be cjfcftcd without the aid and authority of parliament, may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it maybe ena&ed j and be it enacted by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflcmblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That the mayor, aldermcr, and commons of the city of London, in common council aftcmbled, (hall be, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, by themlelves, their committees, agents, workmen, and fervants, to defign, hy our, make, maintain, and fupport, according to fuch plan or plans, and in fuch manner and form as they fhall approve of, a navigable canal with proper and neccflary cuts, flood gates, and other works adjoining or belonging thereto, to be fituated in and pafs through the faid tradf of land called The Ifle of Dogs, in the hamlet of Poplar and Blackwall, and {wifh of Stebonkeath} '	’	otkerwife





i8oo.]	39	Geo.	III.	c.	69*.	455*

otherwife Stepney, within the Tower divifion of the county of Middlefex, commonly called The Tower Hamlets, and to communicate with the river Thames, at or near Blackwall aforefaid, and alfo at or near a place called Limehoufe Hole, fo as to open, provide, and afford, a fafe, ready, and convenient navigable courfe, and paffage, for (hips and other vefiels, acrofs the faid IJle of Dogs.

II.	And be it further enabled, That it Ihall he lawful for the Power to faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflem-

bled, to build, repair, and maintain, two or more piers within £jmeh^fean the tide way of the river Thames, at or near Blackwall aforefaid, Hole, to faci-and two or more piers within the tide way of the faid river, at litate the en-or near Limehoufe Hole aforefaid, to the intent that fhips, and trances ,mo other veflels, may fafely and conveniently enter into and go outtttecana * of the faid canal: provided neverthelefs, That fuch piers (hall not be built fo as to injure the navigation of the faid river.

III.	Line of canal docks, See. to be according to the plan and book of reference, without deviation, unlefs with the confent of parties interefted in the lands.

IV.	Power to enter lands, and furvey, defign, and fet out.

V.	Powers to fupply the canal with water from the Thames; and for that purpofe to make foughs, aquedutfs, See. and to cleanfe watercourfes and raife the banks thereof; and to make watering places for cattle; and to dig, remove, and carry away earth, See. and to build bridges, flood gates, toll houfes, See. and to divert and alter ways, bridges. See. and to lay and work materials on the adjoining grounds; and to make bricks, and take land from the river; and to make or alter fences, Sec. and to make towing paths, See. and to make and do all other things necelfary.

See. doing as little damage as may be, and making fatisfadtion tor damages.

VI.	Power to arch over, fill up, or alter fewers and drains, and to build new ones under the direction of the commiflioncrs of fewers for the Tower Hamlets. Such new fevvers to'be veiled in and under the direction of the commiflioners of fewers.

VII.	Power to make and maintain draw and fwivel bridges.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That it Ihall be lawful for Power to

the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council huild on, flop, aflembfed, to caufe to be built upon, (lopped up, or inclofed,	°**

any of the prefent (Ireets, courts, alleys, ways, or paflages, and {treets, and void ground, adjoining, or which (hall adjoin, to the faid works, alio courts, and now or heretofore ufed as ways or paflages, or any part or all<T»* parts thereof, which (hall appear to the faid mayor, aldermen, ict°thc and commons, in common council aflembled, proper to be built ground, upon, (lopped up, or inclofed, for any of the purpofes of this $<fl; and to fell and difpofe of, or let the ground and foil thereof, to any perfon or perfons, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, for fuch ufes as they (hall think proper, fo as the money ariiing by fuch fale or fales, or letting, be applied £o the purpofes of this a<ft.

IX.	Power to repair works damaged by floods.

X.	Power to fcour the canal, See. Remove wrecks of (hips, See.

XI.	Power to cleanfe adjoining watercourfes, at the land owner's ex-

pence.

XII.	The common council in making the faid works are not to prejudice or obftrudfc the works of the Welt India dock company.

XIII.	Houfes, buildiugs, or mooring chains, are not to be taken, altered, toe. till paid for.	iOOqIc

xiv. byM^

F F 4

456*

Common council empowered to

purchafe houfes, lands, &c. within certain limits^ on and near the T/Ie of EogS,

Public Local and Perfonal Adis [1800.

XIV\ And be it further enadled, That it Ihall be lawful for the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aftembled, and they are hereby empowered for the purpofes in this aft mentioned, to treat and agree with the owners and occupiers thereof, and other perfons interefted therein, for the > purchafe of all fuch houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of wli3t nature or kind foever, in or near the hamlet of Poplar and Black wall, and parifti of Stebonbeath, other-wife Stepney aforefaid, and in the parifh of Saint Ann, Limehoufe, in the faid county of Middlefex, as they or the faid JVejl India dock company, fhall judge neceflary to be purebafed, employed, taken down, removed, altered, or made ufe of in and about the works or concerns of the faid canal, clocks, bafons, cuts, fluices, quays, or wharfs, vvarehoufes, and other works, by this aft authorifed to be made, as herein is mentioned, or any of them, or enlarging or improving the fame refpeftively, foas the houfes, builJings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments fo to be treated or agreed for, or purchafed, (hall be refpeftively fituated, or (hall arife or be within the boundary line or limits next herein-after deferibed ; (that is to fey), Within a boundary line formed by and coinciding with the bank or (bore of the.river Thames, from the fouth weft corner of the dock yard and premifes at Blackwali, belonging to and in the occupation of John Perry, along the faid river upwards, according to the circuitous courfe thereof, round and including the call, fouth,'and weft Tides of the feid IJle of Dogs, up to the north-weft corner of a dock called The Lime Kiln Dock, at or near Limehoufe Hole aforefaid, and from thence extending caftward along the north-weft fide of and including the fame lime kiln dock, as far as the north-eaft corner thereof, and from thence extending eafiward along the north brink or fide of and including the common fewer there, as far as the north-eaft corner of a field belonging to and now in the occupation of Thomas Drain, and from thence turning fouthward along and including a drain at the eall end of the (aid field, as far as the fouth-weft extremity of the gardens or garden grounds lying on the eaft fide of the fame laft-mentioned drain, and then turning eaftward acrofs a way or paflage there, called Dingle's Lane, and along the north fide of a field belonging to and in the occupation of William Shelton, up to a road called Gut Lane, and then returning fouthward along the eaft fide of the faid road, as far as the north-weft corner of a field belonging to and in the occupation of IViiliam Newby; and from thence extending eaftward along the north fide of the fame field, and along the backs or fouth boundaries of the gardens belonging to the houfes there ftandirtg on the fouth fide of the ftreet called Poplar Street, as far as the north end of the rope manufaftory, called Perry's Rope Ground, fituated on the weft fide of the ftreet called Blackwali Caufeivay, and continuing eaftward along the north end of, and including the faid rope grounds, to the north-eaft corner thereof, and continuing further eaftward in the fame line acrofs a row of (beds, or other buildings there, into the faid ftreet, and from

-thence

ar:

f

i-r

** ?’C

*VJ.

i.

to* a

-av

r: :o

,*v

.Will

^■Ct

,pi

ttf

.XXI.

i yv*;;

‘./■‘it

’\i:

; ,

> !■)'

L >■! •

 boogie

zSoo.]	39	Geo.	III.	c.	69*.	457*

thence returning fouthward along the weft fide of Bhchvall Canfe-way aforefoid, as far as fuch place or fpot on the faid weft fide as. is oppofite to the north-weft corner of a mefluage and pre-mifes on the eaft fide of the faid ftrect or cauleway, in the occupation of Edward Bounce, and then croffing the laid ftreet or caufewayat right angles, and going eaft ward along the north - end or boundary of the laft mentioned mefluage and premifes, to the north-eaft corner thereof, and then returning fouthward along the backs or eaft boundaries of and including the mefluages and premifes there, in the refpedlive occupations of Edward Dounce ::	and Thomas Berry\ and then returning eaftward along the north

fide, and up to the north-eaft corner of the mefluage and pre-s. mifes in the occupation of Richard Bcefim, and then turning and proceeding fouthward in a direeft line to the fouth-eaft corner of the mefluage and premifes in the occupation of Robert Jackfon% and from thence continuing fouthward in a dire6t line to the c;;..	north-eaft corner of the vvarehoufes belonging to and in the	1

•	occupation of captain Pelley, and from thence continuing louth-

\d*	ward along the backs or eaft boundaries of the fame warehoufes

dr	and premifes down to the adjoining wharf and premifes, belong-

ing to and in the occupation of Thomas Newtek and then turning eaftward along the north end, and fouthward along the eaft fide di. of the laft mentioned premifes, down to the river Thames, at the :vr, fouth-weft corner of the aforefaid dock yard and premifes be-jj-:	longing	to and in the occupation of John Perry.

'fa XV. No perfon compellable to fell part of his premifes, if willing to fell the whole, unlefs in certain cafes.

1	XVI. Power of purchafing limited to five years.

K.-ft XV1L When parties refufe, or are unable to treat, Sec. the court of mayor and aldermen t^ ifiiie- a precept for impanelling a jury ; who are to 2 be drawn as the a ft of 3 Geo. 2. direfts. Jurymen may be challenged.

1' V	Jury to aflefs the value on oath. Verdift of the jury, &c. tq be final,

r as $ previous notice being given to parties intcrefted.

occ’ijfc* XVIII. The juftices at general or quarter feffions empowered to impofe ft. y; fines for non-attendance, &c,	%

1 / J XIX. Bodies politick. Sc j. truftees, and other perfons, empowered to fell and convey lands, &c.

$’)*:	XX.	Bargains and fales to have the force of fines and recoveries,

ml# XXI. Upon payment of the value agreed for, or afleffed, the premifes \ f*, to be conveyed to the corporation of London. When a good title cannot * . be made, or legal conveyances executed, or the parties are not to be found, &c. court to order the purchafe money to be paid into the ri&'1 bank, &c. fubjeft to the order of the court of chancery on motion or s fir ;i petition,

^ XXU. Mortgagees, on tender of principal and intereft, to convey,

■ftf; On rtfufal interdt to ceafe.

XXIII.	Upon payment of mortgage money into the bank, premifes to

cfetf veft in the corporation.	t

XXIV.	Verdicts and judgements, and receipts of cafhiers of the bank, ft to be entered among the records. Immediately after verdifts, judge’ll J ments, payments, 8c c. premifes to veil in the city.

XXV.	Purchafe money of premifes belonging to incapacitated perfons, vfrft &c. to be invefted in the purchafe of other premifes to be fettled to the *

; A hke ufes •, and in the mean time fuch money to be paid into the bank*

* A and laid out in navy, victualling, or exchequer bills, in the name of the ct ft accountant general. But if fuch money be l^fs than one hundred pounds,

O’ft and not lefs than twenty pounds, the fame to be paid to fuch perfons as (toft the parties entitled lhall appoint, in truft, to be invclted in the purchafe

■^|	Digitized	by	VJibf

45S*	Public Local and Pcrfonal Ads [1800.

of other premifes to be fettled to the like ufes; and in the mean time, fuch monies to be placed out on iecurities in the names of truftees, for

the benefit of the parties entitled.	\

XXVI.	Perfons having any right, See. to enter their claims within a limited time, or be barred ;

XXVII.	But may recover the purchafe money, &c. from perfons receiving the lame.

> XXVIII. Tenants at will, See. to deliver pofleflion on fix months notice.

XXIX.	Monies to be paid, or tendered, before any ufe made of the

prenvfcs.

XXX.	The melfuages, lands. Sec. to be purchafed, and the canal, buildings, Arc. to be made and built by the common council, are to be vetted m the corporation. Corporation empowered to profecute in cafe of damages done to the works.

Power to let, XXXI. And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for bmidtn's"117	mayor>	aldermen, and commons, in common council

lauds, Ire. not ailembled, lo let, fell, or difpofe of, or caufe to be let, fold, or ' necelfTary for difpofed of, all or any part or parts of fuch houfes, buildings, the purpofes lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fo to be purchafed as afore-of this ad; faid, as may not be neceflary to be retained for, and laid into, or made ufe of, in making, completing, fupporting, maintaining, preserving, and managing the canal, docks, bafons, cuts, fluices, quays, wharfs, warehoufes, and other the laid intended works hereby authorifed to be made, together with all or any part or parts of the erections, buildings, and improvements, which (hall be built and made in or upon the fame refpe&ively, to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be willing to contraft, agree for, rent, or purchafe the fame, in fuch manner, upon fuch terms, and for fuch confiderations as the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, (hall from time to time judge proper and think moft advantageous; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding. and to ufe or XXXII. And be it further enaded. That the faid mayor, fell old mate- aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, lhall na 8*	■	and	may	ufe,	or	caufe to be ufed, all or any part of the old ma-

terials of houfes and other buildings, to be taken down, removed, or altered refpe&ively, purfuant to this a61, in or about the making and finiftiing of the aforefaid canal, cuts, new buildings, and other works, or any of them, hereby authorifed to be made or done by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons; or the fame materials, or any part thereof, (hall and may fell, or caufe to be fold, as they (hall think fit.

XXXIII. And whereas it may be proper to build houfes, or parts if houfes, on forne parts of the prefect Jlreets, ways, or pnjages, intended to be altered or flopped up by virtue of this aft: be it therefore further enafled, That it (hall be lawful for the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council afTembled, for and in conlideration of fuch fum or fums of money, or yearly rent or rents, as they (hall think reafonable, tQ grant unto the owner or owners of the freehold and inheritance of the houfe or houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, next adjoining in front to the faid ground to be purchafed, licence or licences, under the common fe*l of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens,

and to grant licences for building on parts of the ttreets, &c.

 Goo< e

i8oo.]	39	Geo.	TII. c. 69*.	459*

of the faid city of London, to build upon and inclofe fo much of the ground, and foil in the front of the fa id refpedtive houfe or houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as they the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, (hall judge fit and proper to be built upon; and the ground and foil fo built upon in pur-fuance of fuch licence or licences, (hall for ever, or for or during the time or term to be exprefled in fuch licence or licences, and fubjed to the conditions therein to be contained, be annexed to the adjoining freehold ; any law, ufsge, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIV. Monies anting by leafes, fales, or licences, to be appropriated to the purpofes of this adt.

XXX Vr. And whereas the right honourable Peter lord Gwydir, by Virtue of and under certain letters patent, granted to him by the King's tnofl excellent maje/iy, is entitled to the feveral mooring chains in the river Thames, between London Bridge and Bugby’s Hole, therein deferibed or mentioned\ for the term of years, and Juljeft to the yearly rent therein exprcfld: and whereas it is expedient for the purpofes of this hiIf that all the cflates, terms, and inter efts, of the faid Peter lord Gwydir, and his affigns, in the [aid mooring chains, foulJ be effgnedorJurrendered to his Majejly : be it therefore further enabled.

That the faid Peter lord Gwydir and his affigns lhall, and they hoi\l Gwy-

are hereby required* within fix months next after the palling of

this adf, and upon receiving fuch compenfation or fatisfa&ion as chai^to'bc

jsherein-after diredied to be made to him and them, legally and afligned aud

effedfually to affign and furrender to the King’s majefty, his heirs furreiulered

and fuccefibrs, ail fuch mooring chains, and rights and interefts !°

relating to or concerning mooring chains, as are comprifed in ^ **

and expreffed or intended to be granted and demifed by the faid

letters patent, and all the fees, dues, profits, and advantages

thereof, and all the cflates, terms, and interefts, of the faid Peter

lord Gwydir, and his affigns, of and in the fame refpedlively, to

the intent that fuch ellates, terms, and interefts, may be thereby

merged and extinguifhed ; and in confederation thereof there (hall

be paid to the faid Peter lord Gwydir, and his affigns, from and

out of the fund called The anfolidated Fund\ fuch compenfation

or fatisfaftion in refpedt of the fame mooring chains and premifes

as is hcrein-after mentioned in that behalf.

XXXVI.	After the furrender of the mooring chains, all reitfs and dues in reined thereof to ceafe.

XXXVII.	Common council empowered to remove and alter the prefent mooring chains, and place others, under the infpedion and approbation

or the Trinity Houfe.	,

XXXVIII.	And whereas the fhips in the Weft India trade fre- Recitals,

qucntly arrive at the port of Loudon in large fleets, andoccaf:bn great filing the crowding, confufcn, and damage therein; and their cargoes being J^ing^wet carried in lighters to the legal quays, cafe upon the faid quays, and in docks, &c. the puffage thither, great obftrutlious, inconvenience, and delay, and in the Ifle of are expofed to pi firing and fraud, whereby the owners jujlahvgreatDoghtonbc hfs, and the puldick revenue is much injured: and whereas if good and	• ”c ia

jujflcient wet docks were made in the faid Ifle of Dogs, with legal

quays and wharfs, and alfo Wurehcufcs attache4 thereto, for the reception

 * ^oogie

Public Local and Perfonal Afls [1800.

(ion and diflhargc of flips and other veffels in the Well India trade, great additional room, and much accommodation would be thereby given to the rcjl of th'e flipping ufing the faid port, and the Weft India produce might be efj'etluaiiy flcured from lofs by theft, or other caufes, and the public!: revenue greatly benefited\ and it is therefore expedient that fuch docks, with legal quays and wharfs, and warehoufes attached thereto, and ether works and conveniences for the ufe of flips and veffels employed in ike W eft India trade, jhould be forthwith made and ejiablifned: and whereas the fevered per Jens next herein-after named hove agreed to be original members of and to form a company for that purgeje, joint y with Inch other perjous as jhall hereafter become original memuers thereof, and have entered into a jubjeription towards rai/ing the Jam eff ve hundred t hoi find pounds, as a capital, or joint /lock or f und, for currying into execution and completing the fame works and impro vements herein after more particularly mentioned.

Names of fubferibers. who. with the perform hereafter to become fub-fciibcrs, towards railing live hundred ihoulan 1 pounds, are to be united into a co mpany of proprietors of the intended docks and their appurtenances, to be ftyltd, “The Weft India Dork Company.”

XXXIX. Sum fo fu’ifjribcd to be confidered as a capital or joint flock. Stock to oe deemed perfonal eftate, and tranlmiftible as Inch.

XL. The proprietors empowered to fell and transfer their ftock.

XLI No perlons nnfwerable for more than their refpe&ivt (fork.

XLII. Company to piy five p r cent, as intereft or dividends on the monies fubferibed, until the docks and the works which (lull belong thereto, (hail be completed, and afterwards intereft or dividends not exceeding ten pounds \ er centum.

XLII I. The* company may increnfe their ftock to fix hundred thou&nd pounds.

XLIV\ The company’s directors empowered to audit accounts of receivers; and to mnki- calls on the proprietors, not exceeding ten per cent, oftencr than two months. Perlbns neglecting to comply with fuch calls, to forfeit five per cent, and may be fued for their laipedive Ihares by the company ; and if fo negledting for three calendar months, may cither be fo fued, or, at the option of the directors, to forfeit all their fharc and intereft in the laid undertaking, in favour of reft of the proprietors.

XLV. No advantage of any forfeiture to be taken until notice, ncrunlefs the fame be declared forfeited at a general meeting. Perfons fo forfeiting indemnified againft actions fubfequent thereto.

XLVI. Reprefentativts of proprietors before call (no provifion being ^ made for the fame) charged therewith as debtors ; but on refulal or ntg* ' left to anfwtr fuch call, company empowered to admit other perfons as proprietors in their ftead, on re-payment of all monies advanced by luch ' jdteeafed proprietor.

XLVI1. b li ft meeting of the company to be within thirty days after pr.ffmg this act; pu’dick notice thereof in the Gazette and other newfpi-pers. Subfequcnt general meetings to be within the city of London. No .	.	meeting	held at lefs th.m feven days notice, both days inclufive.

mthe*direXLV1II. And be it further enacted, That within one calendar tors of the month next after the palling of this adt the faid company {hall, at laid company, their firft or fome fubfequent -meeting, choofe and appoint, by ballot, thirteen perfons of the members of the faid company, who fhall be refpedtively poflefied of at leaft two thoufand pounds of the faid capital ftock, and alfo eight other perfons, four of whom fhall be aldermen of the city of London, and the remaining four

common

and ot the chairman and deputy Chairman,

 ^ ooQle

461*-

i8oo.]	39	Geo.	III. c. 69*.

common councilmen of the fair! city ; and that fuch twenty-one perfons fo to be nominated and appointed ill nil he, and be called the directors for conducting and managing the affairs and bufi-nefs of the faid company ; and they the laid directors (hall choofe and ele£t from among themfelves two perfons, to be the chairman and deputy chairman of the meetings of the faid directors, and of the general meetings of the faid company, and (hall and may meet at fuch places within the city of London, and at Inch who (had time or times as the major part of fuch directors fo aflembied, the directors prefent not being lcf> than five, (hall deem conve- times for nient, for executing the powers given them by this adt: and d their meet-it (hall fo happen, that at any meeting of the faid directors, or IiJ5s> any general meeting of the faid company, neither the chairman nor deputy chairman fo to be chofen as aforelaid (hall attend, it (hall be lawful for the major part of the directors then prefenr, to appoint a chairman for that occafion \ and fuch directors to to be appointed as aforefaid-, fhall continue in office until others ™ con-(hall be chofen in their (leads, as herein-after is mentioned, 0piers unlefs any fuch director or directors respectively (ball die, or be chofen intheir removed, or any of the perfons who (hall have been to chofen Heads, unlefs directors from amongft the members of the (aid company, (toll Jhey ^il11 ^ie>

o	1	j 9^	removed

difpofe of his or their refpective (hare or (hares or intereft in the 0,.^(qualified* faid (lock, fo as to reduce the fame to lefs than the faid lum of two thoufand pounds, or any of the aldermen or common councilmen, who (hall have been appointed ns aforefaid, (hall ceafc to be an alderman or common councilman ; in any of which cafes a new or other director in the room of every fuch director fo d\ ing, being fo removed, or having difpofed of his or their faid flock, or ceafing to be an alderman Or common councilman, (hall be appointed by the faid company, from time to time, as occafion may require, in fuch and the fame manner, and according to or under fuch conditions and reft notions, as the director or directors fo dead, removed, or difqualified, (hall have been, or ought to have been, appointed ; and fuch new director or directors fo to be appointed as laft-mentioned, (hall continue in office for fuch time or refpeclive times, and no longer, as the director or directors in whofe (lead he or they (hall he fo refpecflively appointed ought to have continued in office, if tocb death or deaths, removal, or difqualification, had not happened.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That five A certain at lead of the faid twenty-one directors (hall go out of office in rotation every year, and five others fhall be appointed to tocceed out 0f them in manner following, that is to fay ; Three of thofe who (hall yearly, ami have been appointed of and out of the members of the faid others ap-company, (hall go out of office every year, and the faid company (hall appoint by ballot to fuccced them, three other perfons of CCfc e the members of the faid company, who fhall be refpe&ively poffefled of at leaft two thoufand pounds of the faid capital flock j and one alderman and one common councilman, being two others of the faid directors who (hall have been fo appointed as aforefaid, (hall alfo go out of office every year, and the faid com-

 GdB^Ie

462*	Public Local and Perfonal Acts [1800*

pany (hall appoint by ballot another alderman and another common councilman to fucceed them : provided alfo, That none of the faid directors to be appointed under this aft (hall continue longer in the faid office of direftor than four fucceeding years, and therefore, and in order that the longer continuance of any of them in office, may be prevented, four at leafl of thofc direftors who lhall have been appointed of and out of the members of the* faid company, fhall go out of office in rotation every fourth year, and the f»id company (hall appoint by ballot to fucceed them four other perfons, of the members of the faid company, who fhall be refpcctively poflefled of at lend two thoufand pounds of the faid capital flock ; and in regard that the faid rotations cannot take place during the firft three years after the paffing of this aft, the direftors, who are to go out of office as aforefaid, at the end of each of the fame three years, fhall be afeertained 3nd known by drawing lots for that purpofc, at any of the meetings of the faid direftors, in fuch fair and proper manner as the faid direftors fhall, in their diferttion, agree to and approve of: provided alfo, That the perlons who finll have ferved the faid office of direftor fhall, if otherwife properly qualified, be eligible to be re-chofen, after having been out of the faid office for one year.

Two general L And be it further enacted. That two general meetings of held yearly0 ^ ^e	Iwlt*	dock company, at leal!, (hall be held yearly,

whereof one fhall be in the firft week of the month of January, and the other in the firft week of the month of July* in every year; and fuch notices thereof refpectivcly fhali be given and fixed up as aforefaid.

LI. Any nine proprietors may requeft an extraordinary general meeting to be called, by notice to tiie clerk or treafurer.

LII. And be it further enacted, That every perfon, or body politick or corporate, his, her, or their fuccefibrs, executors, ad-mi mftrarors, or afligns, who fhall be a proprietor or proprietors of five hundred pounds and upwards of the faid ftock, and lefs than two thoufand pounds, fhall have one vote at every general Limitation to meeting 0f the faid company; or proprietor or proprietors of two our votes. thoufand pounds or upwards, and lefs than five thoufand pounds of the faid flock, two votes at every fuch meeting; or proprietor or proprietors of five thoufand pounds of the faid flock and upwards, and lefs than ten thoufand pounds, three votes at cverv fuch meeting; or proprietor or proprietors of ten thoufand pounds and upwards of the faid flock, four votes, and no more, in every general meeting to be held by the faid company by virtue of this aft; which vote or votes may be given by any body or bodies politick or corporate, by their attorney or reprefentative lawfully authorifed for fuch purpofe; but no perfon fhall hold more than one power of attorney, or be the reprefentative of more than one fuch body; nor (hall any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, not entitled refpeftivcly to five hundred pounds or upwards of the faid flock, have any vote or votes at any fuch meeting; and every queftion, matter, or thing, which dull be propofed, difcufl'ed, or confidered in any general meeting of the

faid

Qualification of voters at the general meetings.

Queftions decided by vote.







 ^.ooQie

4 63*

I

1800.]	39	Geo.	III.	c.	69*.

faid company, to be held by virtue of this a<ft, fhall be finally determined by the majority of votes then prefent ; and if fuch votes Chairman to (hall be equal, the chairman prefiding at fuch meeting fhall have	caft"

the cafting vote, although he (hall have given his vote or votes ln^ '° as proprietor or ftockhokier; and every queftion, if required by hy ballot,

any five or more perfons having votes, (hall be determined by ^rf(’lnr-ec^ „

. /	.	r .	P	,	,	^	,	. .	.	.	.	/	and chairman

ballot, to be entered upon and completed forthwith, in which to have the

cafe the chairman for the time being fhall in like manner have a calling vote.

cafting vote.

LTII. If the corporation of London ftiall be proprietors of part of the (aid ftock, the common council to appoint one ptrlon for every thoufand pounds of fuch ftock to be a reprefentative for the purpofe of voting for the corporation at the general meetings; and each fuch reprefentative to have one vote only ; and on the death, removal, &c. of any fuch representatives, the common council to appoint others inftcad ; and if the corporation difpofe of part of the ftock, the number of fuch representatives is to be leflened in due proportion.

L1V. Qualification to vote by twelve months pofleflion of ftock.

LV. Five of the directors to be a quorum at their meetings. Queftions to be decided by a majority.

LVI. And be it further ena&ed. That the faid dire&ors and Directors their fucce/Tors, fo from time to time to be nominated and ap- wc7 l° pointed as aforefaid, (hall be, and they are hereby authorifed and docks, &c. empowered by themfelves, their agents, workmen, and fervants, on the llie of within the fpace of live years from and after the patting of this aft, to defign, lay out, make, and complete, according to fuch plan or plans, and in fuch manner and form as they fhall approve of, one or more navigable dock or docks, bafon or bafons, and cut or cuts, with quays or wharfs, and warehoufes adjoining, or attached to the fame, or to any part or parts thereof, to be fituated in fuch part of the faid tradl of land called The Ijle of Dogs, as ftiall be to the northward of the faid intended canal, and on part of the ground herein-before authorifed and directed to be purchafed for, and conveyed to, or vtfted in the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and their fuccef-fors, and to communicate with the river Thames at or near Lime-kcuje Hole aforefaid, and ajfo at or near Blackwall aforefaid.

LVII. And be it further enatfed. That the faid directors (hall Dire&or? aland may alfo build, or caufe to be built, from time to time, fuch [q bmfd^ulT-s and fo many quays, wharfs, 'and warehoufes as they (hall think and^are^* neceflary and proper, along the banks of, or adjoining or near houfes adjom-the faid feveral intended docks and bafons refpecVively, lart herein- log the docks before authorifed to be made, or any of them, convenient and aiui bafous. fufficient for the trade and bufinefs of the docks, and for the landing and difeharging, lading and (hippingot any goods, wares, or merchandife, that fhall or may, at any time or times, be legally landed or (hipped at the faid quays or wharfs.

LV III. And be it alfo enaded, That fuch of the faid docks as A wall and

(hall be ufed for the unloading of (hips, together with the quays, ditch to be warehoufes, and other buildings to be made and built upon or near the banks thereof, (hall be furrounded and enclofed by a thedock for ftrong and durable brick or (tone wall, not lefs than thirty feet unloading high on all (ides, leaving only proper fpaces in fuch wall for the (hips, anJ fo

0	O	/	r r ^	as alfo to in-

cuts

IS

ogle

clofe the quays and warehoufes;

and to build piers at Black-wallandLime-houfe Hole,to facilitate the entrances into the docks, &c.

Public Local and Perfonal AQ.S [1800..

cuts and other neceffiry entrances into fuch dock; and for the proper and neceffary gateways through the faid wall; and immediately without the laid wall, and on every part of the outfide thereof, except where it (hall adjoin any dock or bafon which may be made without the fame, there (hall be a ditch of twelve feet at lead, which (hall be always kept filled with water to the depth of not lefs than fix feet; and which faid wall and ditch the faid directors are hereby authorifed and required to build and make accordingly; and no houfe or other building (hall on any account or pretence whatfoever, be hereafter credted on the outfide of the faid wall, and within the fpace of one hundred yards therefrom; and if any perfon or perfons (hall hereafter ereft any houfe or other building whatfoever, on the outfide of the faid wall, and within the laff> mentioned diftaiice therefrom, he, (he, or they fo offending, (hall, for fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, and alfo the further fum of fifty pounds for every month during which fuch offender or offenders fhall permit fuch houfe, or other building, or any of the materials thereof, to (land or remain within that diftance from the faid wall.

LIX. And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for the faid directors to build, repair; and maintain two or more piers within the tide way of the river Thames, at or near Blackwell aforefaid, and two or more piers within the tide way of the faid river, at or near Limehovfe Hob aforefaid, to the intent that (hips, barges, and- other vcflels, may fafely and conveniently enter into and go out of the faid intended dock?, bafons, and cuts, laft hereby authorifed to be made: provided nevertheless, That fuch piers (hall not be built fo as to injure the navigation of the faid river.

LX. Power to make and repair cuts, Unices, bridges, roads, Sec.

LXJ. Drains to be made, to carry off water from private property.

LXJ1. The directors empowered to flop up, alter, and build iewers. Such new It wets, not being within the dock walls, to he vetted in and under the direction cf the corruniff oners oi fewers for the Tower Hamlets.

LXIII. Power to the directors to make and maintain draw and fwivel bridges.

LXIV. Power to alter and divert highways.

LXV. Power to get materials, and remove obftru&ions in adjoining lands; and to lay materials on the adjoining premises, fatisfying the owners.

LXVI Power to make bricks, and to take fand from the river.

LXVII. Perfons not to take fand trom the bed of the river without written authority.

LXV1II. Power to fupply the docks, See. with water from the river Thames, Sec. and to make feeders, &c. for that purpofe.

LXIX. Power to repair works damaged by floods.

LXX. Power to fcour the docks. Sec. and remove wrecks, See.

LXXI. Power to cleanie adjoining water-courfes, at the land owner’s expenre.

LXXII. No flips, See. for building or repairing ihips, to be made in or adjoining the docks; nor company concerned in building or repairing (hips.

L XXIII. The making and ufing of the docks, Sec. not to prejudice or obftrud the canal.

LXXIV. Andy for more effectually enabling the faid directors to

lay





iSoo.]	39	Gfco.	III. c.69*.	*	4	65*

lay outy make and comphte, and ufe and enjoy the faid docks, bafonsy <\its% and other works lajl hereby authorifed to be madey and for pre-vhujly Vtfjng the land or ground whereon the fame are or Jhall be intended to be jituated^ and the. fee fimple and inheritance thereof in tru/IefSi for the benefit of the faid company; be it further enacted.

That asToon as conveniently may be after the lands or grounds For better trliereon the fame laft mentioned docks, bafons, cuts, and other	[J2

worfes, are or fliall intended to be iituated, and the fee fimple make the and inheritance thereof fliall he vefted in the mayor and com* docks, &c* monalty and citizens of rhe city of Londony and their fuccellbrs, t.hc corpora-it ftafl be lawful for them, the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens,1 and their fucceflors, and they are hereby authorifed and vey required, at the cofts and charges of the faid company, and by ground, fuch good and fufficient deeds, conveyances, and afTurances in the the law, as the faid directors, or any five or more of them, or their council in the law, (hall advife and require, to grant, con- fo j;* truitepa vey, and affure unto fix perfons to be chofen and appointed by in fee, in trull the faid directors, or any five or more of them, and approved f°r	coai-

of by the faid company at a general meeting, and to the heirs and affigns of fuch fix perfons, fo many, or all fuch parcel or parcels, of the houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which (hall lie of be fo the north ward of the faid intended ca'nal, and beyond the diftance of one hundred feet therefrom, and which (hall be part of the ground fo as aforefaid authorifed to be purchafed in the faid Ifle of Dogs, as (hall, in the judgement of the faid'directors for the time being, be proper, neceffary, and fufficient for making the fame docks, bafons, cuts, and .	other works; and all the rights, members, and appurtenances

;	belonging, of which (hall then belong, to the lame houfes,

i buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments fo to be conveyed ; to hold the fame unto and to the ufe" of the faid fix perfons, their heirs and affigns for ever, or for all fuch eftates,

' terras, and interefts, as the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens,' or their fucceflors, (hall have or be entitled to therein refpedtively; which faid fix perfons, their heirs and affigqs, (hall thenceforth ftand and be feifed of and interefted in the fame, in truft for, and for the proper ufe and benefit of the faid company of proprietors, and their fucceflors, executors, adminiftmors,

7 and affigns, holding for the time being (hares in the faid (lock:

and for and in confideration of the houfes,building$, lands, tene- ^dnrfa\”0c^n~ ments, and other hereditaments, fo to be conveyed and aflured thcre<>fthe 1 as laft-mentioned, the faid company of proprietors (hall at or company to before the executing of fuch conveyance, weir and truly reim- reimbiuTe burfe and pay to the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, what the cor-or their fucceflors, all fuch fum and fums of money as they , (hall have paid and difburfed, as and for the purchafe money, the fame, and the other cofts and charges attending the purchafe, of the fame*

LXXV. Whcftfoever, by means of death or otherwife, the number of the laft*mentioned truftecs (hall become left than four, the directors to clcd fo many others as may make up fix, to be approved 01 at a general Vot. XL1I.	#Go	meeting*

The lord mayor empowered to appoint harbour mait^s

their power*,

Public Local and Perfonal A£U	[1800.

meeting, and then the dock premifes surf to be vefted in the continuing and new truftces jointly.

LXXVI. If the common council (hall for three months refute or neg* lcct to purchafe the premifes which ought to be purchafed and conveyed to trultces for the company' as aforefaid, the directors are empowered to purchafe the fame inltcad of the common council) and the premifes fo' to be purchafed are to be conveyed to, and vefted in, the compands truftees.

LXXVII. In cafe any of the premifes purchafed ihall become vefted m the corporation of London, who (hall neglect to convey the fame to the company's truftees, within two months thereafter, on tender of what the corporation (hall have paid for the fame, then the premifes (hall veh in the f»id truftees, in trult for the company, as if legally conveyed.

LXXVIIf. And be it further ena&ed, That it (hail be layrful for the lord mayor of the city of London for the time being, as confervator of the river Thames, and,be is hereby required, from ; time to time, as occafion (hall be, to nominate and appoint under the limitations and reftri&ions herein-after mentioned, a proper perfon or proper perfans to be harbour mailer or harbour mailers, of, in, and for the faid port o( London, and the (aid canal, and other works which Ihall bematle in pursuance of this adt, (except the faid docks and their appurtenances, and except fuch parts of the river Thames at Limehouft Hole and Blachoall aforefaid, as Ihall be within the diftance of two hundred y*rds from any entrance out of the faid river there into the works of the faid company), and to remove, fufpend, or, upon fufficient , caufe, difmifs the fame; which harbour mafter or harbour matters (hall have full power and authority (but fubje& to the regulations and reftridtions herein-after exprelled) to direft the entering, mooring, unmooring, moving and removing of all (hips and other velfels, lighters, and craft, except thofe ofdje laid corporation of the THnity Houfey coming into, lying or being in the laid port, canal, and cuts, or any of them, except the faid docks and their appurtenances, and fuch parts of the faid river as are Jail herein-before excepted, as to the time or times and manner of their entrance into, lying in, or going out of the fame, and their refpedtive births, (lations, pofitions, loading and difebarg-ing therein, and the time or times of opening or (hutting the feveral gates of the faid canal; and in cafe the owner, mafter, pilot, fervanr, or other perfon having the charge or command, of any (hip or other veflel, except as laft aforefaid, (hall refuff or neglect to moor, unmoor, move, or remove the fame, according to fuch direction, within twelve hours after notice to him or them given in writing, or left with fome perfon or per-fons on board the faid fhijp or veffel for that purpofe, that then it (hall be lawful for the faid harbour mafter or harbour mailers, and his or their affiftants, and fuch proper perfons as he or they may diredt, and be and they is nnd are hereby required to moor, unmoor, move, or remove fuch (hip or veflel j and the charges and expences thereof refpedllvely (hall be repaid, together with a fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than live pounds for each offence, by the mafter or owner or other perfon having the charge or command of fuch (hip or veffel, and may be recovered

il

fe

k

k

n

*

k

"x-

*•0

! N.





I



'U;

tS

S

Sta

%



A

s

%



%





ifeocM	Geo.	III.	C;	6q*	467*

by the mW mayor1 and commonalty and citizens* or their fuccef-fcrs, of the owner of fuch (hip or veflel, in cafe of non-payment thereof, on demand, by fuch ways and means as penalties and forfeitures are by this adi to be recovered 5 which faid penalty, Penalty oh when recovered, fhafl be paid over to the ufes herein-after men* ™a(*er.c» tioned; and in cafe any rtlafter; commander; mate, pilot, or°*J*n<^b~ other perfon or perfons taking the command of any fhip or other itrudtions. veffel, or any other perfon or perfons whofocVer* (hall obftrudl Or binder the mooring, unmooring, moving, or removing of any (hip or other veffel in the faid port, (except alfo as Iaft afore-faid), or in the faid canal, or any of the faid cuts and other Storks, the faid docks and their appurtenances excepted, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for every Rich offence, forfeit a fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed.

LXXfX, Harbour matters to be approved of by the corporation of the Trinity lioiife, who may procure them to be removed on fufficient caufe.

LXXX. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for Directors, or the faid dire&ots, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby required, from time to time, as there (hall be occafion, to n^jnt ar * to nominate and appoint a proper perfon or proper perfons to be dock matter, dock mailer or dock mailers, he or they firft producing, after to beapproved being duly examined before the (aid mailer, wardens, and o{ by.the cor-affifiants of the Trinity Houft, legally affembled, a certificate or Trinity-certificates from them the faid mafter, wardens, and afliftants, of Houfe. the proper qualifications of fuch perfon or perfons to execute the office of dock mafter j and the faid directors a)fo (hall or may from time to time, as they (hall fee caufe, remove, fufpend, or difmi&any foch dock mafter or dock matters; which dock mafter powers, or dock matters, fo to be from time to time appointed, (hall have fell power and authority (but fubjefl to the regulations and re-ftriflions herein-after exprefled) to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving, or removing of all (hips and other veffels, lighters; and craft, coming into, lying, or being in the faid docks, and the bafons and cuts which fhall belong thereto, or any of them, and coming into, lying, or being in fuch parts of the river Tbmts at Limehcufi Hob and Blackmail afore faid* as (hall be within the faid difiance of two hundred yards from any entrance out. of the faid river there into the works of the faid company, as to the time or times and manner of their Entrance into, lyTng in, or going out of or from the fame docks, bafons, and cuts; and parts o? the (aid river, and their pofition, loading, and dif-. charging therein refpe&ively, and the time or times of opening orfhuttmg the feveral gates of the faid works ; and in cafe the owner, mafter* pilot, fervant, or other perfon havirig the charge or command of any (hip or other veffel, (hall refufe or negled to moor, unmoor, move, or remove the fame according to fuch direflion, immediately after notice to him or them given in writing, or left with feme perfon or perfens on board the faid (hip or veflel for that purpofe, that then it (hall be lawful for the

G G z	faid	.

 

46S*	Public	Local	and	Perfonal A£t$ [i3oo.

fa id dock matter or clock matters, or his or their afliftants, and he and they is and are hereby required to moor, unmoor, dove, or remove fuch {hip or veflel, and the charges and expences thereof refpettively (hall bo repaid, together with a jinn not ex-Pt-inky on ceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds for each offence, matters, &c. bv the matter or owntr or other perfon having the charge or ennf ob command of fuch (hip or veflel, and may be recovered by the • ^ructions/ treafurer for the time being of the faid company from the owner of fuch {hip or veflel, incale of non-payment thereof on demand, by fuch ways and means as penalties and forfeitures are by this ad to be recovered; which faid penalty, when recovered, {hall be paid over to the ufes berein-after mentioned ; andin cafe any matter, commander, mate, pilot, or other perfon or perfons taking the command, of any (hip or other veflel, or the owner, accent, confignee, or any other perfon or perfons whofoever, (hall obftrud or hinder the mooring, unmooring, moving, or removing of any lhipor other veflel in the faid docks, or in the bafons and curs which {hall belong thereto, or in any fuch parts of the river Thames,'at Lmchcufe Hole and Blachvall aforefaid, as (hall be within the diftarce of two hundred yards from any entrance out of the faid river there into the works of the faid company, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit a fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty fliil-x lings, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is directed: provided always, That fuch dock matter or dock matters {hall not moor, or caufe to be moored or ftationed, any (hip or veflel in fuch place or in fuch manner as (hall obftrudt or render incommodious the entrances into or out of the canal hereby autho-rif d to be made.

LXXXI. The directors may annul any orders of dock mailers, and give others.

LXXXII. Orders given by the directors, harbour mailers, or dock irafters, (hall not attest the refpon Ability of the perfon having the chaigc of any (hip or veflel.

I.XXXIII. The canal to be under the protection of the lord mayor, ai cor Lrvator of the river Thames, as if actually part of the river. -

LXXXiV. Canal, new docks, &c. to be parts of the port of London, nml veil els, &c. reforting thereto, to be fubjett to the feveral prefent port regulations amt duties.

LXXXV. Goods, &c. landed or (hipped upon or from the intended quays or wharfs, in the new docks, (ubjedt to the fame regulations, &c. aa it landed or (hipped upon or from the prelent legal quays.

LXXXVI. The quays in fuch of the docks as {half be walled round,

. are to be legal quays.

The Wdi In- LXXXVI1. And be it further enabled, That for and during dia (hips are the term of twenty-one years, commencing from and next enfuin<j to land their the time when the faid dock or docks, quays or wharfs, and ^n tnTdocks warehoufes, to be made and built by the faid directors as afore* :mdthe King’s 6aid, (hall be fo far completed as to be fit and ready for there* duties arc to Ception of (hips and goods, all the (hips and veflels which (hall be af ertained arrive or come from any part of the IVeft Indies into the river bo where die. <j%n?ne5% with cargoes of Weft India produce, {hall unload and land the whole of their refpeefive cargoes within fome or one of the faid docks, or on the quays or wharfs which {hall belong

thereto^

 

*8oo.]	39 Geo. IIL c. 69*.	v	469*

thereto; and the duties which (hall be payable to the King's ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in refpetf of the lame, fhall thereupon, during the faid term, be atcertained at fuch quays or wharfs, and not clfewhere 5 and the goods, wares, and merchandize, being Weft India produce, in rclpecb whereof fuch duties (hall be payable, fhall or may afterwards be ttored or deposed in the adjoining warehoufes, or any fuch other warehoufes as the owners or confignees thereof refpe&ively (hall think proper: and in cafe any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, being Forfeiture* Weft Irufia produce, fhall, at any time or times during the faid ami penalties term of twenty-one years, be landed from any (hip or veflel in the ^(^rred Weft India trade, in any other place or places in or hear the port	cargoes

of London, than the laid quays or wliarfs within tlfe faid dock or die where, docks, then, and in every fuch cafe, the goods, wares, or merchandize, fo to be landed, (hall be forfeited to his Majcfty, his heirs and fucceflors, and fhall or may be lawfully feized accordingly, by any of the officers of his Majefty's cultoms or excife, and difpofed of according to law; and the owner or owners, or matter of any fuch fhip or veflel, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is mentioned.

LXXXVIII. Provided always neverthelefs, That all fuch But fo much part or parts of the refpediye cargoes of the (hips or other vcflels ot ^ cargoes arriving or coming, during the (aid term from the Weft Indies	fha\\*

into the river Thames, as fhall confift of tobacco, fhall as foon confift of to-after being unfhipped in fome or one of the faid docks as con- bacco is, as veniently may be, and without any previous ascertainment of foon be the duties thereof, be tranfmitted or conveyed in carts or decked u^ioped in lighters to fome or one of the King’s tobacco warehoufes for the tbe docks, to time being, at the charges of the faid Weft India dock company, be conveyed who (hall be entitled to, and receive from the refpeclive owners to thc or confignees thereof, or their refpeclive factors or agents, and that before the faid tobacco- lhall be taken out of the faid dock our previoufly premt/es, fuch recompencc or latisfaftion for fo conveying the afecruming fame, and after fuch rate, as (had! not exceed what for the time ilie King's being (hall be the whole expence of conveying tobacco from the !es* tobacco (hips at their proper moorings in the faid port, to the King’s tobacco warehoufes.

LXXXIX. Provided alfo neVerthelcfs, and it is hereby further ena<tted^ That if at any time 6r times it fhould happen, that And if at any by reafon of the faid docks being filled with (Hipping, or of fome accident, or other caufe, any fhip or fhips, veflel or veffcls, ^nnot 0^ which fhall have come from the Weft Indies into the river admitted into Thames, cannot be admitted into and unloaded in and at the the docks, the faid docks, quays, and works of the faid company, purfuant to r:c^^^wners this a<tt, then, and in every fuch cafe, it fhall be lawful for any maVVutfmrife three or more of the commiffiobers of his Majefty’s cuttoms in the'eargoes of England, for the time being, to pernpit the cargo of any fuch thofe paitiou-fhip or veflel to be -landed and difeharged at fuch other legal quay or quays, or other (ilace or places within the pprt of Lon- 0*ht>l. don, as they the faid commtflioners fhall dire£i and appoint/

003

I TO*

4/

Ships arriving from other parts than the We i Indies, with Welt India produce t)n hojrd, to di'.charge fuch produce within one of the docks, if any three or more of the com-mUfioners of enltoms (hall id order and Hired.

Outward-hound Welt India (hip# to load in the -docks or in the river be* low the entrance into the c mal at Black-wall.

♦ Public Local and Perfonal Adts [i8oq,

XC. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enadlcd, That at any time or times after the faid docks, quays, or wharfs, and warehoufes, (hall be ready for the reception of (hips and goods, it (hall be lawful for any three or more of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s ciiftoms in England, by writing under their bands, to order and direct that any £hip or (hips, veffel or veffels, which (hall arrive or come into the river Thafnes from any other part or parts of the world than the Weft Indies with goods, wares, or merchandize on board of the growth and produce of the Weft Indies, (hall unload and land fo much of her or their cargo, or refpeftive cargoes, as (hall confift of any (uch laft-mentioned goods, wares, or merchandize, within fome or one of the faid docks, or on the quays or wharfs which (hail belong thereto, and that the King's duties in refpedt of the fame (hall thereupon be afeertained at fuch quays or wharfs, and not elfewhere; and that every fuch order, after being delivered on board of any fuch (hip or vedel, to or for the perfon having the charge or command thereof, (hall be obeyed accordingly; and if any fuch goods, wares, or merchandize, being of the growth or produce of the Weft Indies, (hall be afterwards landed from fuch (hip or veffel, in any other place or places in or near the port of London, than the faid quays or wharfs within the faid dock or docks, then, and in every fucb cafe, the goods, wares, and merchandize fo to be landed, (hail be forfeited to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and (hall or may be lawfully feized accordingly by any of the officers of his Majeity’s cuftoms or excife, and aifpofed of according to law, and the owner or owners, or matter of any fuch (hip or veffel, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is mentioned ; and after all the goods, wares, or merchandize, of the growth or produce of the Wft Indies, on board of fuch fhips refpe&ively arriving in any of the faid docks from apy other part or parts than the Weft Indies, (hall be un-(hipped in any of the faid docks as aforefaid, and the proportionate duty of fix (hillings and#eight-pence per ton, hereinafter made payable in refpedt thereof, (hall be paid, fuch (hips (hall be forthwith permitted to go into the river Thames, to difehargethe remainder of their refpe&ive cargoes.

XCI. And be it further enadfed, That, for and during the term of twenty-one years, commencing from and next enfoing the time when the faid docks, quays, or wharfs, and warehoufes, (hall be ready for the reception of (hips and goods, all fuch of the (hips and veffels belonging to on frequenting the port of London as (hall be ufed in the Weft India trade, (hall, when and fo often as the fame (hall be outward bound to the Weft Indies, (hip or take in all their refpe&ive cargoes, and be loaded, either in fome or one of the (aid docks, or in fuch part of the river Thames as (hall be below the entrance into the faid canal at Black wall aforefaid ; and if any fuch (hip or veffel, being fo out-wardbound to the Weft Indies, lhall (hip. or take in any part of her cargo in the faid port or river elfewhere than in fome or one

of



ih

:[P

*ci

sij



ns

W‘:| i ^fl 1 ^



V'i!

i S!

'

:



I ^

ri



V-







 *

Ih03<

iontft 6

iiif

ill,*

ierfiT3

W1TSSS

i [3(J*

'

meaiiaJ

n?

tfccf

ifheisi*

ofaj^

fiich ^ jctoifc ioflf*#'

cian^'

i

i*

etd?

jr^*’ \sV&:

' faiil *

Si»

&*

h’.ft

cieP*J

ft*'.

flif8

(&(S

<

Id

>

si

1800,]	39 Geo. Ill c. 69*.	471*

of the faid docks, or than below the entrance into the faid canal at Blackmail,, then and in every fuch cafe the owner or owners, or mailer of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-after is mentioned : provided neverthelefs.

That every or any fuch fhipor veflel, when engaged to take on board naval {lores at the King’s dock yard or victualling office at Deptford for his Majefty’s fervice, fhall be permitted fo to do, on producing to the dock mailer, or his known affiftant, a certificate of fuch ihip or veflel being fo engaged, under the hand or hands of any one or more of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s navy or viftualling, who are hereby authorifed and required to grant fuch certificates for that purpofe.

XCI1. And it is hereby further enabled and declared, That Harbour the faid harbour mafters and dock mailers fo to be appointed as |?a^er8 aforefaid, (hall, in executing the powers hereby given to them fo obferve*™ refpe&ively, always obferve, comply with,-and ufe, their beft certain direc-endeavours to enforce the regulations and directions contained in tions in two theadt of parliament of the nineteenth year of the reign of his Pnor prefent Majefty, chapter the fifty-eighth, for preventing veffels which (hall have come from or {hall be bound to any foreign parts, from being removed out of the ftream in the faid port with goods on board, except to the lawful quays; and alfo the regulations and directions contained in the adt of parliament of the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, chapter the fixty-eighth, for mooring (hips, and importing tobacco at fuch place in the faid port as the commiffioners of the cuftoms (hall appoint, fofar as the fame regulations and directions in the two laft-mentioned a£ls of parliament refpedlively (hall not ob-drudt, molcft, or interfere with, the free ufe and enjoyment of the faid docks and canal, and the bafons, cuts, and other works which (hall belong thereto refpedHvely* according to the true iptent and meaning of this adh	»

3CCJHf Harbour and dock mafters, lock keepers, See. to give no preference.

XCIV. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the Forregtilat-fatd canal, docksj bafons, and cuts, or any of them, (hall be fo JnST tfae mon% far completed as to admit (hips, veffels, or craft to enter, therein, IJ1^ tbcen-S po (hip or other veflel (hall lie at either of the mooring tiers in trances into the river Thames, immediately above or below the entrance or the c.nnl, refpedtive entrances into the fame canal, dock or docks, baton or docks, bafons, bafons, cut or cuts, but thofe only which are intended to go and cutb* into, or within twelve hours laft part (hall have come out of the faid canal, or any of fuch docks, bafons, or cuts; and that every matter and pilot, and all and every other perfons and perlon having the charge or command of any (hip or veflel lying at the "faid tiers, (hall remove therefrom fuch (hip or veflel under his or their command, whenever fo required by the faid harbour mafter or harbour mafters, dock mafter or dock mafters, his or their affiftant or affiftants, by an order, left with fome perfon or perfons on board the laid (hip or veflel, in writing for that purpofe^

o G 4.	twelve	o

47a*	Public	Local and Perfonal A&s [1800.

twelve hours after each notice for removal, under the.penalty of a turn not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds, for every twenty-four hours any fuch (hip or veil'd (hall remain at cither of the (aid tiers, after the time limited by fuch notice left in writing.

XCV. No veflVl to enter into or nav;pnte in the works under fail.

XC VI. Draw bridges and fwivel bridges to be fattened, after vefTcIs

(hall have patted.

XCVII. For preventing obttru&ions and nuifances in the port, canal, dock9, he. Penalties on perfons obftrti&ing the navigation, or wantonly, he, opening lock gates, he. and letting off water, or fufffcring ve dels to ftrike upon bridges or locks.

XCVIll. Vcflkls not to land goods in the docks, &c. at other places than quays and landing places, on penalty of one hundred pounds.

. XCIX. To prevent other nuifances in the port, canal, docks, See.

C., Mills, he, not to draw off water from the works without confent.

Cl. Vcttels to unload within the docks as foon as may he, and then to be removed. Power for cock matter, or his aljiftant, to order out light vettels ; and on every neglect to remove them, the parties fo negleding to forfeit ten pounds; and the dock matter or his afiiftar.ts may remove fuch vettels; and the charges thereof, on non-payment, to be levied, by diftrtfs and falc.

Vett'tls to land (JII. And be it further enabled. That all fuch (Lips, lighters, gunpowder barges, boats, and other vettels, as (hall refpedtively have on bff^h^doc'k hoard any gunpowder, exceeding the quantity of one pound, premifes, and (hail refpe&ively, before they enter any of the faid intended docks, other com or of the bafons and cuts which (hall belong thereto, land and tuttible mat- difchargc all their gunpowder, and unload and clear their guns;

movccUvithin and that no tar> Pitch> rofln> hemP>	furze,	tur-

twelve hours, pentine, oil, hay, draw, tallow, greafe, (havings of wood, or combuftible matter of any kind, (ball be fuffered to be or remain on the quays or wharfs intended to be built in or near the faid dock * as aforefaid, or any part thereof, or upon the deck of any fbip or other veflcl in the faid docks, bafons, and cuts, or any* of them, above the fpace of twelve hours; and that in cafe the owner or owners of fuch goods, matters, or other things, or the commander, matter, or mate of any fuch (hip or other veflel, (hall make default herein, every fuch perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, a fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than five pounds:

ClII. And) for more effectually preventing accidents by fire in Fire, candles, jai(l j0(£s an(( dock premijes, be it further ena<?ed. That no tobe^iehted1 Pcr*tm whofoever (hall have or keep, or caufc to be had or kept, ir> the docks, any ^re» candle, or lamp, lighted^ within'any of the laid docks, he,	or of the bafons, cuts, quays, wharfs, wareheufes, and other

works which (hall belong thereto, at any time or times whatsoever, (except only neceffary lamps by the fides of ways without the dock walls, and fuch fires or lighted candles or lamps as (hall be neceffary to be ufed in the making, building, finifhing, repairing, altering, or improving of the lame docks, bafons, cuts, quays, wharfs, warehoufes, and other works, or any of them>), upon pain of forfeiting for every fuch offence aium not exceeding ten pounds nor lefs than five pounds.

CIV.' Perfons Jetting fire to the works or veflels in the docks, he. guilty of felony Without benefit of clergyy and perfons othenvife wilfully damaging





I

t:

4:



i8oo.]	39	Geo.	III.	c.	69*.

4

•7<lt f J

maging the works of veflels, made liable to fine and imprifonment, or trail Ibortati an.	i

CV. Penalty againft deftroying ropes of Ihips.

CVI. Penalty on breaking or extmguifliing lamps.

CVU. Mailers and owners anfwc table for damages done by their officers and fervants.

CV1II. And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for Power to thf the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council common affembled, from time to time, to make, ordain, and eftablifh ^b^bye fuch bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, for the good go- jaw,gf riiie8, vernment of the faid harbour mailers, and of all clerks, treafurers, orders, and

collectors, engineers, furvevors, workmen, watchmen, lighter- regulations,

men, labourers, and others, to be appointed and employed by ^canaT*

them the faW mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common excepting the

council afiemblcd, under or by virtue of this aft, and for the docks and

better regulating, governing, and managing of the feveral works, their appur-

inatters, accounts, and things by this aft authorifed and directed tenance8»

to be made, done, and performed by them, as well whilft the

lame are doing as after they (hall be finifhed and completed, and

for the more fafe and convenient navigating, placing, mooring,

unmooring, and removing of (hips and other vefTels on the river

ThamtSy in and near the laid port, and in the faid canal, and the

bafons which may belong thereto, (excepting the docks, batons,

cuts, and other works which (hall belong to the faid Weft India

dock company, and fuch parts of the river ThameSy at Limchoufe

Hole and Blackwall aforefaid, as (hall be within the diftance of

two hundred yards from any entrance, out of the faid river there, into The fame works), and for the better governing and regulating of all mailers of veflels, pilots, lightermen, and others, within the faid port, and the laid canal and its appurtenances,

(except as before excepted), and for preventing damage being done to (hipping, lighters, and craft, or to 3ny goods, wares, or merchandize, by the iffuing of water from houfcs or buildings, and fuch other lawful and reafonable bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, as they (hall deem necdlary and expedient for the due execution of this aft, fo as the fame reipeftively be not contrary to nor inconfiftcnt with this aft, or any of the regulations enafted hereby, or by anv other aft or afts of parliament in force at or immediately before the palling of this aft, and not hereby repealed or altered ; and alfo from time to time, as they (hall fee an<* occafion, to repeal, annul, add to, amend, and alter fuch bye aftei^thc3” laws, rules, orders, and regulations, or any of them, in fuch fame; manner as to them the faid'mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council afiemblcd, lhaJI feem meet or requifite$ and to ™nah\c*f0r fix and appoint reafonable pecuniary penalties, not exceeding non-obferv^ forty (hillings, for the non-obfervance, non-performance, or ance, not other breach of fuch bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, or exceeding any of them; and the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, jn forty (hillings, common council aflembfed, (hall caufe fuch of the Faid bye Jaws, Bye laws to rules, orders, and regulations as they (hall think fit, to be printed and diftributed in the port of Lotidorty and affixed upon or near 1 u u tome publick and cohfpicuous parts of the quays or wharfs in the

•	digitized	b$liiO

How fuch pe< cities are to bt; levied.

Dirertors em« povvnvil to m ike bye laws, rules, oidtrs, and regulations lor the docks and their appurtenances.

and may* re~ pc <1, amend, and alter the fame}

and may fix pciwltktf for

Public Local and Perfbnal Afls [1800.

faid port, and upon fome other publick and confpicuous places . adjacent$ and'ail fuch penalties (hall be recovered by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal, pr hands and feais, of any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, city, or place, wherein the offence (hall be committed, or the offender or offender* found, rendering the overplus (if any), on demand to the perfon or perfons whofe goods or chattels (hall be fo diftrained; which penalties (hall be applied as herein-after is directed; and if no Efficient diftrefs can be found, it (hall be lawful for any fuch juftice or juftices of the peace to commit fuch offender or offenders to any prifon within the jurifdietion of fuch juftice or juf-tice?, upon due proof being made before him or them, on the oath or oaths of one or more perfon or perfons, of fuch offence being committed, there to be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding twenty days, or until fuch penalty or penalties (hah be fooner paid.

CIX. And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for the faid directors, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to make, ordain, and eftablifti fuch bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations for the obfervance and good government of the faid diredtors, and of all dock mafters, clerks, treafurers, collectors, engineers, furveyors, workmen, watchmen, lightermen, labourers, and others appointed and employed on behalf of the faid company, under or by virtue of this adt, and for the better regulating, governing, and managing the feveral works, matters, accounts, and things by this act abrhorifed and diredted to be made, done, and performed by the faid diredtors, as well whilft the fame arc doing as after they (hall be finifhed and completed, and for the more fafe and convenient (hipping and lading, landing and discharging, carrying and conveying, laying and depofit-mg of goods, wares, and merchandise upon, to, and from the quays or wharfs and warehoufes, which are to be in or belonging to the faid docks, and for the employing, better governing, and regulating porters, carters, and carmen, and others Car-rying goods, or ufing or driving horfcs, trucks, carts, fledges, pr other carriages for conveying goods, wares, or merchandize to and frqm the fame quays, wharfs, and warehoufes, and of all mafters of veffels, pilots, lightermen, and qthers, withm the faid dock premifes, and fuch other {awful and reafqnable bye laws, Orders, rules, and regulations, as they (haH deem necef-fary and expedient for the due execution of the powers and ai$-thorities hereby given to them, fo as the fame rcfpedHvely be not contrary to nor inconfiftent with this adt, or any of the regulations enadted hereby, or by any other adt or adis of parliament in force at or immediately before the palling of this a<ft, and not hereby repealed or altered ; and alfo from time to time, as they (hall lee occafion, to repeal, annul, add to, amend, or alter fuch bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, as to them the faid directors, or any five or more of them, (hall feem meet or re-quifitc* and affix and appoint reafonabfc pecuniary penalties,

not





xi, tv: ::r;

ah

lie j nr'h :v,

oi,

4 V*.

3 ||



•ill.

4:;:



' M.

V?

*>■

•u

V

•I:

V,. '' >

*8oo.]	39	Geo. Ill, c. 69*,	475*

not exceeding forty (hillings for anyone offence, for the non- non-ohferv-obfervance, non-performance, or other breach of all or any fuch byelaws, rules, orders, and regulations, or any part of them;c* y and the faid dire&ors, or any three or more of them, (hall caufe fuch of the fame bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, as Bye laws to they (hall think fit, to be printed and diftributed in the port of London^ and affixed upon or near feme publick and confpicuous parts of the quays or wharfs in or belonging to the faid port and docks, and upon focxie other publick and confpicuous places adjacent; and all fuch penalties (hall be recovered by diftrefs and Penalties how fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the ^ hand and feal, or hands and feals, of any one or more juftice of juftices of the peace for the county of Middlefex^ and applied to the ufe of the faid company as herein-after is direfted, rendering the overplus (if any} to the perfon or perfons whofe goods or chattels (hall be fo detrained; and in cafe no fufficient diftrefs can be found, it (hall be lawful for any fuch juftice or juftices of the peace to commit fuch offender or offenders to any prifor* within the jurifdiftion of fuch juftice or juftices, upon due proof being made before him or them, on the oath or oaths of one or more perfon or perfons, of fuch offence being committed, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding twenty days, or urru*) fuch penalty or penalties (hall be fooner paid.

CX. Such laft-mentioned bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, to be fubjeft to the controul pt the company. Company may infpeft byt Jaws, and alter or annul any of them.

CXI. Provifo that the bye laws, rules, orders, and regulations, (hall be made, altered, or repealed, with the approbation of the lord chancellor, the chief juftices of King’s bench or common pleas, or chief baron of the exchequer, and not otherwife.

CX1I. Copies of bye laws, and of alteration of bye laws, are to be fenf to the Trinity Houfe before the fame be allowed by the judges.

CX1I1. Compenfation to be made for the tithes of the lands and other premifcs tq be taken.	/

CXiV. The average price of wheat may be re-afeertained at the end of every fourteen years, for the purpofe of making fuch compenlations.

CXV. Remedy for recovering compenfation tor tithes.

CXVL Compenfation to be made by the corporation of London for deficiencies of aftefl'ments fpr land tax, and paying, cleanling, lighting, and poors’ rates.

CXVIJ. Compenfation to be made by the Weft India dock company for deficiencies of afleflments for land tax, and paving, cleanling, lighting, and poors* rates.

CXVIII. Compenfation to be made for deficiencies of fewer rates.

Remedy for recovering the fame.

CXIX. Compenfation to be made to lord Gwydir and his aftlgns, in refped to their mtereft in the mooring chains.

CXX. Comjpenfction to be made to his Majcfty for relinquilhment of refits and profits of mooring chains.

CXXI. Compenfation to be made to the owners, Sec. of, and perfons employed on, any quays or wharfs, or other tenements, which may be rendered lefs valuable, by reafon of the intended worki, and to the go-ttrnor* of Chrift’s Hofpital, (if neceflary) on account of car-room.

CXXfl. When parties refufe or are unable to agree for cqmpenfttion, jqries for afeertaining the fame may be empanelled, and how. Jurymen may be challenged. Jury to award the amounts of compenfations on oath. Vcrdid of the jury, See. to be final, Previous notice being given to parties interefted,

cxxm,zeiw





Public Local and Perlonal A&s [1800.

CXXIII. The commiflioners empowered to impofe fine# for non-attendance, &c.

CXXIV. Bodies politick, Sec. truftces and other perfons empowered to agree for compenfation.

CXXV. When a good title to compenfation money cannot be fhewir, ©r parties entitled thereto cannot be found, See. ftich money to he paid into the bank, lubjedt to the order of the court of chancery on motion or petition.

CXXVI. Purchafe monies Irow to be inverted. But if fueft money he lefs than iool. ami not kfs than 20I. the fame to be paid to fuch perfons as the parties entitled iball appoint, in truft, to be inverted in the pur-chafe of other premifcs, to be fettled to the like ufes j and in the mean time luch monies to be placed out in fecurities, in the names of truftees for the benefit of the parties entitled.

CXXVir. Verdicts, judgements. See. concerning compenfatioiis, and receipts of caftiiers of the bank tor compenfation monies, to be entered among the records of the lord mayor's court, or general or quarter fc (lions.

CXXVIIT. No chims to be made for fuch la ft mentioned compenfa-finns till three years after notice of the docks, See. being ready for ufc; and all fuch claims are to be made and entered in a book, within one year after the expiration of the laid term of three years, or otherwife to be barred.

CXXrX. Claimants may recover compenfation money from perfons who IhAll have wrongfully received the lame.

CXXX. Appointment of the commirtiontrs of compenfations,

CXXXr. For the appointment of commiflioners of compenfiition in the room of thofe who fhall die, or decline, or become incapable to ad. CXXXII. Oath for com mi fii oners of comps nation.

CXXXf f I. Commifitoners empowered to adminirter oaths. CXXX1V. And be it further enacted, .That in conflderation pointed to be 0f the great accommodation and advantage which the feveral pn cftohis works" and regulations hereby authqrifed to be made will afford t6 the- (hipping and trade of the faid port, and in confideratioti of the great charges and expcnces which will be occafioned by the making, building, ere&ing, and providing of the faid canals, cuts, fluices, bridges, roads,, and other works, hercin-before authoriled to be made by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflemMed,, there (hall be payable and paid to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucccflbrs, or to his or their colle&ors, receivers, or agents, fFom and after the firft day of Auvu)} next after the palling of this ad, for and during the term of lourteen years fron thence next enfuing, for every Ihip ©r other veflei trading to, frequenting, or ufing, the (aid port of London, of which the faid intended canal, docks, and other works are to be parts as aforefaid, by the mafter or other perfon having the charge or command, or the owner or owners, of fuch /hip or other veffel, according to the tonnage burden thereof re-ipc&ively, the feveral rates or duties of tonnage next herein-after particularly rated and deferibed j (that is to fay).

Kates ap-

JVtajefty for vttliels uiing tthe port ot Loiklun.

Lilt of rates# Firft clafs—For every fhip 'or other veflei, trading coaftwifc, between the port of London and any port or place in Great Brh tain, the Orkneys, Shetland, or the weftern iflands of Scotland, there (hall he paid for every voyage both in and our of the faid port, inclufive, one penny per ton.

Second clafs—For every (hip or other veflei entering inwards,

or

 ^-ooQle

477'

iSoo/J	39	Geo. Ill, c. 69*.

or arriving in the faid port from Denmark, Norway, or Lapland (on this fide of the North Cape), or from Hotjhin, Hamburgh,

Bremen, or any other part of Germany bordering on or near the Germanic Ocean, or from Holland\ or any other of the United Provinces, or from Brabant, Antwerp, Flanders, or any other part of the Netherlands, or from France, (within UJhant), Guernfey,

Jerfey, Alderney, &7r£, Ireland, or the -^7* of Man, one penny farthing per ton.

And for every {hip or other veflel clearing out wards in* or departing from the (aid port to any of the countries, parts, or places laft herein-before mentioned, one penny farthing per toru-

Third clafs—For every (hip or oiher veflel entering inwards* or arriving in the faid port from Lapland(beyond the North Cope), Finland, Ruffia, (without or within the Baltic Sea), Livonia, Courlandf9 Poland, Prujfia, Sweden, or any other country or place within the Baltic Sea, two-pence per ton.

And for every other veflel clearing outwards in, or departing from the faid port to any of the countries, parts, or .places J a It herein-before mentioned, two-pence per ton.

Fourth clafs—For every (hip or other veflel entering inwards* or arriving in the faid porr from France, (between UJhant and Spain), Portugal, Spain, (without the Mediterranean), or any of the Azores, Madeira, or Canary JJlands, or any of the united ftartes of America, or of the Briti/h colonics or provinces in North America, or from Florida, two-pence halfpenny per ton*

And for every (hip or other vefTel clearing outwards tn* «or departing from the faid port to any of the countries, parts,-or places laft herein-before mentioned, two-pence halfpenny per ton.

Fifth clafs—For every (hip or other veflel entering inwards, or arriving in the faid port from Greenland, Gibraltar, France*, or Spain, (within the Mediterranean), or any country, ifland, part*

Qr place within or bordering on or near the Mediterranean, or Adriatic Sea, or from the Weft Indies, Louifiana, Mexico, SouS America, Africa, Eajl India, China, or any other country, ifbnd, part, or place, within or bordering on or near the Pacific Ocean, or from any other country, ifland, part, or place whatsoever to the Southward of twenty-five degrees of north latitude, threepence halfpenny per ton.

And for every (hip or ocher veflel clearing outwards in, or departing from the faid port to any of the countries, iflands, parts, or places laft herein-before mentioned, three-pence halfpenny per ton.

Which rates or duties fhall be, and are hereby vetted in hisHowitfvhe Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, as his own proper monies, hut Pa,d. for the purpofes of this a<5f, and fhall he paid ac the refpc<£live times of fuch {hips' or other vcflels* entry inwards, or clearance Outwards, at the cuftom houfe in the port of London, to the officer or perfon appointed to collet and receive the fame, tinder fuch rules, regulations, and reftridfions, as are by this diredlcd and required with refpc# to fhips or YeflelV entering

inwards

 ' :>sle

478*	Public	Local and Perfonal Afts [1806.

inwards and clearing outwards in the faid port; or for want of fuch entrance or clearance, then the fame (hall be paid before nich (hips or other veffels refpeftively (hall depart from the faid port; and the faid rates or duties fhill be paid over, as foon as conveniently may be, by the collectors thereof, or other proper officers, into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer.

Exemptions. CXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That this aft (hall not extend to charge with any of the faid rates or duties hcrein-hefore granted^ any of his Majefly’s (hips of war, or any (hip or veffel whatfoever being the property of his Majefty* his heirs or fucceffors, or of any of the royal family, nor to charge therewith any (hip or veffel coming to or going coaftwife front the port of London or to any part of Great Britain, unlefs fuch (hip or vefTel (hall exceed forty-five tons, regifter tonnage, nor any vefTel bringing corn coaftwife, the principal part of tfhofe cargo (hall confift of corn, nor any fifhing fmack9, lobfter and oyfter boats* or veffels for paffengers, nor any veflel or veflels* or craft navigating the river Thames above and below London Bridge, as far as Gravefend only.

Tranfit rates CXXXVI. And be it further enafted, That in conGderation

thro^^the ^ie fecurity, accommodation, and difpatch, which will be 1 produced by means of the faid intended canal, as a (horter, fafer, and more expeditious paffage for (hips and veffels to and from the (aid port, than the prefent circuitous and dangerous courfe round the faid ljle of Dogs\ and in confideration of the great charges and expences which will be ©ccafioned by maintaining, repairing, improving, and managing the faid canal, and fetch tuts and other works, as may render fuch paffage commodious and eligible, and by providing and keeping a fufficient number of lock keepers and other officers and fepvants, and of draught horfes, for the affiftance and proper accommodation of veffels in fuel) paffage, it (hall be lawful for the faid mayor and common* ^ty and citizens of the city of London, and their fucceffors, from time to time, and at all times, from and after the expiration of the term of three years next enfuing the time when the faid canal (ball be firft ready for ufe, and notice (hall have been given of the fame in the London Gazette, ai>d two or more publick morning newspapers irfually circulated in London, to a(k, demand, take, and receive, for the purpofes of this aft, over and above the rates and duties he rein-before made payable of and from all (hips* veflcJs, and craft, which (hall enter and make ufe of the faid intended canal, any rate or rates not exceeding the following rates f (that is to fay).

For every (hip or veffel, lighter, barge, or other craft, leaden or unloaden, entering the faid canal, if of two hundred tons or upwards, (regifter rheafurement), two-pence per ton:

If of one hundred tons, and under two hundred tons, (regiftef meafurement), one penny halfpenny per ton :

If of fifry tons, and under one hundred tons, (regifter mea-furemem), the fum of ten (hillings;

 v^ooQle

■at if

Xifi

m

si

;ir

is

,k!

*

r*

i

0

it

$

%

t

i

;

iSoo.]	39	Geo.	III.	c. 69*.	479^

All veflets carrying fail, if of twenty tons, and under fifty tons, the fum of five killings:	N

And every lighter, barge, boat, or craft, which (hall be rowed through the faid canal by any of the perfons ufing the fame, the fum of one (hilling:

Which faid rates or duties (hall be, and are hereby Vetted in the Hid mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fucceflors, as their own proper monies, but for the purpofes of this a&, and (hall be paid upon fuch (hips or other vefleJs entering within any lock or flood gate of the faid canal, or at fuch other time or times as the (aid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, (hall appoint for fuch payment, and (hall be payable and paid once only for each and every fuch tranfit or paflage as aforefaid, acrofs the faid Ifle of Dogs, whether upwards or downwards; and fucli rates or duties, fo laft hereby granted, (hall be paid over, as foon as conveniently may be, by the colle&ors thereof, or other proper officers, into the receipt of the chamber of the faid city of London.

CXXX Vir. And in confederation of the great charges and ex peaces which the makings buildings erectingr and providing of fuch docks*) bafonSy eutsy quays or wharfs, warehoufes,fluicei, bridges, roads, and other works, auihorifed and intended to be made by the faid directors as aforefaidy and the feupporting, maintaining, and keeping of the fame in repair for the future, will amount unto: be It further ena&ed,

Thar, from and after notice of the completion of the fame laft Rate of6s. 8d* mentioned docks, and other works, (hall have been given by p«‘ ton, ap-publick advertifement in the London Gazette, and two or more p^ltte^ publick morning newfpapers ufuallv circulated in London, as company by before directed, there (hall be payable and paid to the faid IVeftiliips ufing7 India dock company, or to their collectors, receivers, or agents, the docks, for their ufe, for every (hip or veflel entering into, and ufing, any of the faid intended docks, or any of the bafons or cuts* which (hall belong thereto, by the matter or other perfonhaviug the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, or by the owner or owners thereof, (over and above the rates and duties hereinbefore granted to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and to the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens), the rate or duty of fix (hillings and eight-pence for every ton of the burden of fuch (hip or veflel, except in fuch cafes as are hereafter excepted or otherwife provided for; which rate or duty (hall be levied and collected as herein-after is directed, and (hall be accepted and taken for and in fatisfaflion of the ufe and conveniency of the faid docks, and all charges and expences of the navigating, mooring, unmooring, removing, and management of fuch (hip or veflel, from her arrival at the entrance into the docks, at Black-wall, until fuch (hip or veflel (hall be unloaded and moored in the dock for light (hips or veflels, and alfo of the unloading or ynlhipping of her cargo within the faid docks, and the landing waiter's fees on account thereof, and the cooperage and hoops and nails which fuch cargo-may require ip the courfe of fuch

unlading





480*	Public	Local and Perfonal A&s [1800.

unlading thereof, together with the ufe of the light dock for any

(pace of time not exceeding fix months from the time of unloading fuch (hip or veflel; and that, from and after fuch notice being given as lalf aforeiaid, there (hall alfo be payable and paid to the laid JFeft India dock company, or to their colle&ors, receivers, p	or agents, for their ufe, for allr goods, wares, and merchandize,

poimed^tobe imported from the JVeJl Indies, which (hall be landed, un(hipped, paid to the or difcharged from on board of any £hip or veflel entering into company for and ufing any of the faid intended docks, or any of the bafons or ^orttVfrom cuts w^'c^ belong thereto, by the owner or owners, con-^he Weft°ln- %nee or confignees of fuch goods, wares, and merchandizes redies, and land- fpediVely, (over and above the rates and duties herein-before ed or dif* granted), the feveral rates or duties hcrein-aftcr particularly rated thedo^ks^111 anC* ^efcribed > (that *s fav).

Lift of rates.

IJ

x. d.

For Aloes	-	48

fialfam, natural -	48

Caflia	-	-	4 8

Cortex Winteranus -	48

Cocoa -	-	16

Coffee	-	-	16

Cotton Wool	-	26

Dyers Woods	-	06

Ginger -	-	3

Gum Guaiacum -	-	4

Hides -	-06

Indigo	-	-	2 6

/ Marmalade	2	6

Oil, Caftor	-	2 6

Pimento	-	3 2

Rum -	-	01

* Sarfaparilla - *	60

Sugar -	08

Succads (in boxes) -	50

Tamarinds, or Succads (in jars) 2	6

' Tortoiie Shell	-	5 o

Turmeric	-	48

and for Wine,including Madeira o 1

yper hundred weight.

per dozen.

hundred weight.

^per jar.

per hundred weight. per gallon.

hundredweight.

per jar.

|per hundred weight. per gallon.

For every carte, cafe, bundle, bale, or other package, containing any article of merchandifenototherwife fpecified or deferibed in this table, being of the weight of two handred, or upwards, five (hillings:

For every fuch carte, cafe, bundle, bale', or other package, being under the weight of two hundred, two (hillings and fixpence: For any article of merchandize brought loofe, (except wood), not otherwife fpecified or deferibed in this table, and fubje& to any duty of cuiloms chargeable according to the weight, for •veryhundred, one (hilling:

For any article of merchandize brought loofe, not hereinbefore

 

431*

iSoo.j .	39 Gfio. Ilf. c. 69*.

before fpecified or deferibed, whether fubje# to any duty of cuftoms or not, and Which (hall be landed within the dock pre-mife$v there fhallbe collected and paid a rate or duty not exceeding the rate or charge heretofore ufually paid in the,port of Lcrt lorty for lighterage, landing* loading, and houfing of any fuch article.

Which rates or duties (hall be levied and collected a$ hereinafter is expreffed, and fliall be accepted and taken for and in re-, fpeclof ihe ufe and conveniency of the faid docks, and the quays, wharfs, and cranes, and other machines which (hall belong thereto, and the land waiter’s fees on account of fuch goods after being unfhipped, and all charges and expences of wharfage, landing, holding, and weighing fuch goods, and of fuch cooperage as the fame may refpedfively want after being unfhipped, and all rent for warfehoufe room for fuch goods, for the fpace of twelve weeks in the faid company’s warehoufes, and all charges of delivering the fame from the faid warehoufes; and which faid rate or duty of fix (hillings and eight-pence per ton, and the faid fe-veral other rates or duties laft herein-hefore granted, (hall be and are hereby verted in the faid Weft India dock company, and their fucceffors, executors, adminirtrators, and afligns, (holding for the time being (hares of the afordaid capital ftock), as their own proper monies, but for the purpofes herein-after mentioned; and the faid rate or duty of fix (hillings and eight-pence per ton (hall pa“^ be paid at the time of each (hip’s or other veffel’s entry inwards v or clearance outwards* at the cuftom houfe in the port of London* to the officer or perfon appointed to collect and receive the fame.

Under fuch rules, regulations, and reftri&ions as are by this a6t dire&ed and required with regard to the entering inwards and clearing outwards of (hips or other veflels, on which other rates and duties are by this a<ft impofed ; or for want of fuch entry, then at any time before fuch (hips or veflels refpecSlrVely fliall fail or proceed from the faid docks or bafons, fo as no (hip or other veflel /hall be fubjeeft or Jiable to the payment of the faid rate or duty of fix (hillings and eight-pence/^r ton more than dnee for every voyage, both out and home inclufive ; and the rates or duties hereby granted in refpedt of fuch of the faid goods, wares, and merchandize to be imported from the Weft Indies, as (hall be fubjedl to the payment of any duty to the King’s majerty, his heirs or fucceffors, (hall be payable and paid, when the poft entry of fuch goods, wards, or merchandize (hall be made, at the faid cuftom houfe, to the officer or perfon appointed to col!e& and receive the fame; and the rates or duties hereby granted in refpe&of fuch of the faid goods, wares, and merchandize as (hall not be fubjeft to the payment of any duty to the King’s majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, (hall be payable and paid before fuch goods, wares, or merchandize refpetfively (hall be taken from the faid dock premifes: provided always. That when and fo often as any (hip or other veflel arriving in the faid docks fliall not be fully laden, the faid rate of fix (hillings and eight-pence per ton (hall only be colktfted and paid for and in proportion to the Voi. XLII*	*Hh	a&j*l

 v- *

CO

2*	Public	Local and Perforial A£ts [1800.

aclual tonnage of the cargo imported in fuch veflel, artd not ., upon the regifter tonnage thereof; and that with refpedt to fuch If (hips or veflels as (hall arrive in any of thfc faid docks* from any other part or parts of the world than the Weft Indies, with goods* wares* or merchandize on board* of the growth or produce of the ^ Weft Indies^ the faid rate or duty of fix (hillings and eight-pence per ton (hall be payable only for and in proportion to the quan-tity of goods, wares* or merchandize of the growth or produce of the Wejl Indies, on board of the fame (hips refpe<5Hvely; that is to fay. Six (hillings and eight-pence for every ton of the fame ■ goods* wares, or merchandize, and not otherwife.

Exemptions. CXXXVILI. Provided always, and be it enabled, That this ^ adt (hall not extend to charge with the faid rate or duty of fix (hillings and eight-pence per ton herein-before granted* any lighters or craft entering into the faid docks, or batons, or cuts, to convey, deliver, difeharge, or receive ballaft or goods to, or from on board of, any (hip or (hips, vdffel or veflels,	,/

CXXXIX. Manner of recovering rates.	'	1	]

CXL. Perfons eluding the p \ymtnt, to continue chargeable.	v-J

CXLI. To afetrtain the tonnage or admeafurement of lhips according to t^e certified tonnage in the Chip’s regilter.

CXLIl. Colle&ors, &c. to have accefe to rcgiftcra of (hips at the . cuftomhoufe.

CXLIII. Power to meafure, &c. (hips and veflels. Penalty on any peTfnn obltru6tiug fuch meaTuring, &c.	’

CXLIV. Cu'Aom houle* officers not to difeharge any vefielhefore duties . paid. Mailers of vefiVls to produce certificates or certain other written evidence of fuch payment, which the receivers of the duties muft give, Penalty on refut'd, tsventy pounds,	<

CX LV. Common council empowered to lower and again raife the traniit -rate granted to the corporation, fo as in cafe of raifmg they (hall not be j:> higher th*m as exorefiedin the table.

CXLV1. Directors may vary the rates, fo as every alteration be ap- "-V] proved o« by the comy>auy.	•-.]

CXLVU*. Roads which lhall belong to the works, may be ufedhy the .;*j puhlick, arid the navigation of the canal to be free, fubjed to regulations.

CXLVUI. In cafe the capital of 500.000I. (hall not be raifed, or be foun *. infuffi dent for making the docks, &c. the company may borrow voc,oco\. more *, and afiign the dock rates as a fecurity. Form of the at ngnment. rev Ions taking fuch alignments to be entitled to their refpec-tive proportions of the dock rates.

CXL1X. Proper entries of fuch alignments to be made by the compa- i. ny’s clerk; and fnch alignments to be transferable by indorfement Form of indorfement. Indorfement t<* be notified and entered within fourteen days, by the clerk.

CL. Intereft on monies borrowed to be paid half-yearly in preference to the dividends.

CL1. Andy for more readily and effcfiuallj aceomplijhing the pur Tor providing P°Jei °f	be	it furrier ena&cd, That there (hall be-adm-

nv.mvy to be ced and paid from and out of all or any of the duties, revenue?, applied by the a,vi incomes, compoUng the fund called The GcnfolidaUd Funi cmmcVin	bp<n\ the credit of* and to be replaced to the faid fund by, the

purchafing	rates and duties hereby granted, or made payable to bis Majefty,

Und.and’m bis heirs and fucceflors, any fuch fum or fums of money, not making. exceeding in the whole the fum of feventy-two thoufand pounds ot	money	of	Great	Britain, as (hall be necef&ry and fu(5-

^v. ^ the c»ent for the purpofes next herein-after mentioned *, the fame to





iSoo J	39 Geo. III. c. 69*,	4S3*

be paid by the lord high treafurer, or the commiffioners of the c-m! for treafury for the time being, into the chamber of the city of Lcn- e^r?n don, from time to time, as and when wanted, and to be applied	tbVt

and difpofed of by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons of tr»-m fiich the city of London, in common council alfembled, as follows; compepfa-that is to fay, In the firft place, in paying one equal half part of	to

the charges and expences incident ^to and incurred in obtaining th'ePccrpora-and parting this act, and afterwards tn purchafing and paying for tion of Loathe houfes, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, don. which (hall be fo purchafed by the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens,- and their fucceflors as aforefaid, and in defraying the other cofts and charges incident to fuch purchafcs, and in paying and difeharging the necdl'ary charges and expences of dehgning, laying out, making, and completing the faid canal, cuts, and other works, which are to be made and done bv the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affem-bled, in purfuance of this a61; and afterwards in paying, fatisfy-ing, and difeharging, all the neceflary charges and expences of attending, managing, regulating, maintaining, repairing, and preferving the fame canal, cuts, and other works, for the term of three years next enfuing the time when fuch publick notice as aforefaid (hall be given of the faid canal being ready for ufe, and until the faid tranfit rates (hall become payable to the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens as aforefaid ; and alfo in paying for and during the fame term of three years fuch yearly or other fums of moneyas are herein-beforedirebled to be paid by the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fucceflors, as and for compenfations for Ioffes, and deficiencies of tithes, taxes, fewer rates, and other rates and affeffments.

CLII. Andy in order that the commiffioners herein before appointedy and which Jhall hereafter be appointed as aforefaid, may be enabled to make the comperfations by this aft entrufled to the care and management of fuch commiffioners, be it further enabled, That there (hall alfo For providing be advanced and paid, from and out of all or any of the duties, tor revenues, and incomes, compofing the fund called The Conflidated Fund, upon the credit of, and to be replaced to the faid fund by, including the rates and duties hereby granted or made payable to his Ma-thole of the jetty, his heirs and fucceffors, fuch fum and fums of money as fro}v"- an<* (hall be neceffary and fufficient for making, paying, and (btisfying	’

all fuch laft mentioned compenfations refpectively, including moonng thofe hereinbefore directed to be made to the King’s majefty, chains, his heirs and fucceflors, and the faid Peter lord Givydir, and his afligns, in refpeft of mooring chains, and for defraying the neceffary cofts of managing, afeertaining, paying, and making the feme respectively 5 and which fum and fums of money (hall be from time to time iffued, paid, applied, and difpofed of by the lord high treafurer, or the commifiioners of the treafury for the time being, as the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, (hall direbl, in and about the paying and making of fuch laft mentioned compenfations, according to the directions and

hh'2	true

* Oigil



484*

Thr general tonnage 1 u ■» ties to be applied in main* taini.'g the n<o. rit.g chains and paying the fabrics oh harbour makers, and in re pl acing ttie inun»es w hich are to be advanced cut of the comblidated fnnd in pur-1 \i.wee ot this a^c. and then in making a fuu d tv>r maintaining the mooring chains, and piy::igthe -la!aric-s of harbour matters.

Public Local and Perfcfnal A&s [i8oc5.

true meaning of this aft, until all the fame compenfations (hall have been paid and fatisfied.

CL II I. Ccmmiffioners clerk to keep accounts of compenfation monies. •CJLIV. And be it further enafted, That the monies which (hall from time to time be received and produced from and by the rates and duties granted or made payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, by this aft, (hall be applied and difpofed of in the manner following; that is to fay, In the firft place fo much thereof (hall be paid into the chamber of the city of London as (hall be lurficient, from time to time, not only for defraying all the necelury cofts and charges of maintaining, repairing, altering, and renewing the mooring chains now lying, and which (hall hereafter lie, or be in the river Thames, and of laying down, front time to time, new or other mooring chains therein as and when neccTfary for the ufe of the (hipping in the faid river, but allb for paying the falaries and wages of the faid harbour matters, and their afliftants, purfuant to this aft ; and the monies foto be paid into the faid chamber, (hall be paid and applied by the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London., and their fticcettbrs, in defraying the fame cofts and charges, and paying the fame falaries and wages accordingly; and fuhjeft thereto, the refidue or overplus of fuch monies fo to be received and produced, (hall be applied from time to time, in repaying and replacing to the faid confolidated fund all fuch fums of money as (hall be advanced and paid thereout in purfuance of this aft, with intereft for the fame refpeftively in the mean time, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum: and when all the monies which (hall be fo as aforefaid advanced and paid out of the faid confolidated fund (hall, by the means laft mentioned, or other wile, be fully repaid, with intereft as aforefaid, then and from thenceforth fuch refidue or overplus of the faid monies to be received and produced from and by the faid rates and duties by this aft granted or made payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, (hall, from time to time, as and when received, be laid out or inverted in the purchafe of dock in fome of the publick ftocks or funds, or upon government or real fecurities, intereft, in the names of the chamberlain, town clerk, and comptroller of the chamber of the city of London, for the time being, who (hail, fr6m time to time, lay out or invert the yearly dividends or intereft of the ftocks, funds, and fecurities fo pur-chafed, in their names, in like manner, for the purpofe of accumulation, until the^yearly dividends and intereft of all the ftocks, funds, and fecurities fo purchafed, (hall be fufficient for the payment of the faid cofts and charges of maintaining, repairing, altering, and renewing, the faid mooring chains, and hying clown others as aforefaid, and the payment of die falaries and wages of the laid harbour matters and their afliftants; ami when and lo foon as the fame yearly dividends and jntereft (hall be fully fufficient for the purpofes laft mentioned, then* ancMrom thenceforth the fevcral rates and duties by this aft granted or made payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, (hall ceafe,

and

 

iSoo.]	39	Geo. III. c. 69*.	483*

and be no longer paid or payable; any thing herein contained to jtbecontrary in anywife notwithftanding.

CLV. And be it further enacted. That the monies which (hall Apnh-ation from time to time be received by the faid mayor and commonalty tranT.t and citizens, and their fuccedors, from and by the faid tranfit rates* rates hereby granted or made payable to them, and fuch other monies as fhall be received by them by virtue of this aft, and not be otherwife applied or applicable in purfuance thereof, (hall, from time to time, after payment of the charges of cohering and receiving the fame, be applied, in the firft place, in paying fuch yearly or other fums of money as are herein-before directed to be paid by the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fucceflbrs, as and for cornpcnfation for lolibs and deficiencies of tithes, taxes, fewer rates, and other rates and afieff-ments, and afterwards in paying, fatisfying, and difeharging, the neceflary charges and expences of attending, managing^ and regulating, (after being finifbed), and maintaining, repairing, preferving, and improving, the faid canal, cuts, mooring chains, and other works and improvements, which are to be made, done, and managed, by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in purfuance of this a£t, including all charges of towing lhips, and opening and (hutting flood gates on the faid canal; and that all the refidue or furplus of fuch monies (hall from time to time be applied in or towards executing fuch of the other purpofes of .this adl, as are to be executed by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affembled* or by or at the charges of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London: apd m cafe and when the monies fo to be received bv the laid mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fuccedors, ihrdl be more than fufficient for the feveral purpofes lad-mentioned, then and in fuch cafe the overplus of fuch monies (hall from time to time be laid out in the purchafe of flock, in fome of the pub-lick flocks or funds, or upon government or real fccuritics, at intereft, in the names of the chamberlain, town cleik, and comptroller o( the chamber of the city of London, for the time being j and the yearly dividends and intereft of the flocks, funds, and fecurities, fo to be purchafed, (hall be applied and difpofed of in fuch and the fame manner, in all refpedds, as the monies to be received by the faid mayor, and commonalty and citizens, from and by the faid tranfit rates, are herein-before directed to be applied and difpofed of; and in cafe and when fuch yearly dividends and intereft, together with the yearly income ariling from the faid tranfit rates, (hall be found to be more than fu'.li-cient for the feveral purpofes for and towards which the faid monies arifingfrom the faid tranfit rates are hereby made payable and applicable, the faid tranfit rates by this act made payable to the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fuccef-fors, (hall be lowered in the manner herein-before dire&ed, fo far as the fame can, under the then exifting circumftances, be done with prudence and fafety : provided always. That whensoever after any fuch (locks, funds, or fecurities, (hall be fo pur-

\	H	H	3	DigitizedC>htte^O<

Public Local and Perfortal Ads [1800

chafed, the yearly dividends and intereft thereof, together with the yearly income arifing from the faid tranfit rates, (hall be found insufficient for the purpofes laft-mentioned, it fhall be lawful for the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fucceflbrs, to caufe the faid 'ftocks, funds, and fecurities, or a fufficient part thereof, to be fold out, to make good the deficiency, and to apply the money arifing by fuch fale in the fame manner as the monies arifing from the faid tranfit rates are hereby made applicable.

CLVI. The corporation of London anfwerable in cafe of mifapplication of monies to be received by them.

CLVII. Chamberlain to keep accounts of receipts and difburfements. CLVJ1I. A ftatement of the canal and works to be laid before parliament and the treafury yearly.

CLlX. Chamberlain to lay an account before parliament yearly. Application CLX. And be it further enafted, That the aforelaid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, fubferibed or intended to be fub-bv the Weft feri^ed or contributed by the faid IVcft India dock company, for India dock their capital or joint (lock, and all other monies which fhall be company un- hereafter fubferibed by them, for increafing their capital as afore-dcr this ac . fajjj together with the lev era! fums of money to be produced and received by and from, and raifed and borrowed upon the credit of, the rates and duties granted or made,.payable to the faid company by this aft, (hall form and become one aggregate con-folidated fund; and all the monies which (hall be fubferibed, collected, received, levied, railed, and borrowed by the faid company, or by the faid direftors, by virtue or in purfuance of this aft, fhall be applied and difpofed of in the firft place in paying the remaining equal half part or fhare of the charges and expences incident to and incurred in obtaining and polling this aft} and afterwards in paying and difeharging the confideration or purchafe money, and the other cofts and charges incident to the purchafing and obtaining conveyances of the meiliiages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which, by virtue or in purfuance of this aft, fhall be purchalcd for the ufe of, and conveyed or vefted in truft for, the faid Weft India dock company as aforefaid; and in the next place, in paying the intereft of the monies which (hall be borrowed by the faid company upon the credit of the laft-mentioned rates and duties, if any (hall be fo borrowed, and the intereft or dividends upon the principal monies, which, for the time being, fhall be fo fubferibed by the members of the faid company, and actually paid as aforefaid, or upon their capital or joint ftock, and in paying fuch yearly or other fums of money as are herein-before directed to be paid by the faid Weft India dock company as and for compenfations for loiles and deficiencies of tithes, taxes, fewer rates, and other rates and alYeft’ments 5 and fubjcct thereto, then in defraying the neccflary charges and expences of making, completing, maintaining, and fupporting, and attending, managing, and regulating, the faid docks, batons, cuts, quays, wharfs, wjrehoufes, and o.her works, which are to be made and done by the faid direftors in purfuance of this aft, and of any fuch extensions, and improvements





iSoo,]	39	Geo. III. c. 69*.	487*

provements of the fame refpedively, as the faid directors may, from time to time, think neceffary 5 and that the reiidue or fur-1 plus of fuch monies fhall, from time to time, be applied in or towards the re-payment of the principal monies, which (hall be j borrowed by the laid company, upon the credit of the rates and duties hereby granted to them, until all the fame principal monies ‘	(hall be repaid, and in or towards executing fudi of the other

’	purpofes of this ad as are to be executed by the faid directors,

or by and at the charges of the IFejl India dock company: and when by the means 1 aft-mentioned, or otherwife, the principal monies fo to be borrowed by ;he faid company, (hall be all repaid ,	as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the rates and duties by this

*	ad granted to the faid company, (hall be lowered in the manner

herein-before direded, as far as the fame can, under the then exifting circumftances, be done with prudence and fafety.

CLX). Clerk of the company to keep accounts of receipts and difburfe-ments.

CLXII. The dock company’s works to be executed as foon as pof-fible, and a ftatement of the progrefs tnereof to be laid before parliament yearly.

CLX1II. Directors to lay an account before parliament yearly.

CLXIV. Common council empowered to appoint committees.

CLXV. Perfons interelted in contracts, not eligible on fuch com*, mittees.

CLXV!. Committees may employ and contrad with any fit perfons whether freemen of London or not.

CLXVII. Directions for giving notice of contracts.

CLXVIII. Power to the common council to appoint clerks, collectors, treafurers, and other officers, taking fecurity ; and to allow them Man*•

CLXIX. The directors empowered to appoint clerks, trer.furcrs.' uvui other officers for the company, taking fecurity, and to allow them lalaries,

CLXX. Commiffioncrs of compensations to appoint clciks, See, taking fecurity, and to allow them fal.tries.

CLXXI. Penalty on officers mifapplying monies.

CLXX1I. For the recovery of balances due from harbour makers, &c. dying or becoming bankrupts.

CLXX111. Nothing in this ad contained is to prejudice any reqjedy againft the Curettes of officers.

CLXXIV. For faving the rights of the Trinity Houle.

CLXXV. Rights of the corporation of London not to be prejudiced.

Lord mayor empowered as confervator of the river Thames, to puuifii offences againft this ad, &c.

CbXXVI. This a d not to extend to prevent the admiralty from laying down mooring chains below Greenland dock for the ufe of the King a (hips.

CLXXVII. Power to mitigate penalties or forfeitures.

CLXXVJ1I. Parties aggrieved may appeal to the quarter ftflions.

CLXXIX. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered.

CLXXX. Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form.

CLXXXI. Proceedings not to be qualhed for want of form.

iCLXXXH. Application of penalties and forfeitures.

CLXXXHI. Pumfhment for giving falfe evidence, or fwearing falfcly.

CLXXXIV. The treafurer of the company may be made the nominal plaintiff or defendant in adions, and fuits to be brought by or againft the company.

CLXXXV. Ad of 24. Geo. 2. for rendering juftices of the peace more fafe in the execution of their office, extended to this ad; and as to adions brought for any thing done in purfuance of this ad. General ifluc may fie pleaded. Treble colts.

CLXXXVI Publick ad.

. H H 4

^igitizI^b/OteO ’

Public Local and Perfonal Ads [1800. I ■

/

'	\

Cap.	73.	;

An	aft	for	making	and	maintaining	a tunnel	or	road	under the	river	i

Thames, from or near to the town of Gravefend, in the countv of Kentj to or near to Tilbury Fort in the county of Eflex.—[July i/, 1799.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a tunnel or road, of

a convenient breadth for the paflage of cattle and carriages, under [ the river Thames, from or near to Gravefend, in the county of Kent, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the county of EflTtx, in fuch manner that an uninterrupted	land	communication might	be	opened	between	the	:

oppolUe fhores of the counties of Ker-t and Eflex, would be attended not only with great advantage to thofe particular counties, but would alio be of great national advantage as a military road	or pafs. Certain	*

perfons incorporated by the name of, The Company	of Proprietors of	v

the Tunnel under the River Thames. Proprietors to	r^ife thirty thou*	t

fand pounds for making the tunnel, to be divided into iliarcs of one	».

hundred pounds each. Shares to be perfonal eftate. Subfcnbers to have a vote for every lhare. Form of appointment of proxies. Proprietors t may raife twenty thopfand pounds, by additional proprietors or mortgage, lnterell of money borrowed tp be paid in preference to dividends, bis months notice to be given of paying off money. Aflignecs not to vote on account of having lent money. Proprietors (hall aflemble on Wed-nefday fortnight after palling this aft, at the London Tavern, and the firlt Wednesday in May in every year afterwards. Chairman to be appointed. A committee to be appointed. Proprietors may make bye laws. General aflemMUs for choofing committees to confift of ofie hundred fhares. Airembly of proprietors may be fp'ecially convened.	..

General affrmbly to cleft and appoint officers, and take fecurity from	*

them. Officers, &c. to account. Powers of the committees. Committees to make calls. Shares may be forfeited, but no advantage to be taken of forfeiture, without perlonal notice. On the death of fubfcriheri before fliare completed, executors may do it. Shares may be fold.

Form of conveyance of fhares. After a call no (hare to be fold until fuch call (hall be paid. Regulations as to the acquifition of fhares by marriage, by will, or in courfe of adminiftration. Names of proprietors to be entered, and certificates of their fhares delivered to them. Power to make and maintain a tunnel or road under the river ThameSjfrom any point between one hundred yards weft of a meffuage in the occupation of Jeremiah Howard, in the parifh of Northfleet, and one quarter of a mile eaftward of the new Tavern Bridge, in the parifh of Milton, next Gravefend, in the county of Kent, and between the oppofite points on the fhore, of the county of Fife*. Contracts to be advertifed. The company not to take, ufe, injure, or damage, for the purpofes qf the tunnel, any houfe or other building built on or before June 34, 1799,	*

or any land ufed for a garden, orchard, yard, park, &c. without the j; confent of the owners, and occupiers thereof. The company are not tp enter the lands and grounds of John Calcraft or George Errington, efqn.

Bodies politick empowered to fell and convey lands. Contracts and fales to be made at the expence of the company. Form of conveyance r to the company. Satisfaction to be made. Yearly rents charged on the r.vttH. If parties are difiatisfied, value to be afeertained by a jury.

Fine upon iheriffs, Ac. makfng default. Expences of witnefies and jury, by whom to be paid. Perfons requefting juries to enter into bonds to profeeute. Notice of injury to be given to proprietors. Satisfaction to be made for tythes. Verdict to value lands, and damages to be afeertained ftpirately. Verdicts to be recorded. Power to enter and take poffcflion of l*nds, &c. on payment or tender of purchafe money. Purcbale money belonging to corporations, Ac. to be laid out to the fame ufes. For re-invdtmg purchate monies. Damages not provided for to be fettled. Tolls for patting through the tunnel. For every wheel on every coach, chariot, ch.mr, Ac- two flufiings and fxpcnce. For every wheel on every

waggon

 v^.ooQle

i8oo.]

39 Geo. III. c. 73*.

(

489*

waggon or cart one Drilling. For every horfe one fhiHingr- For every afs three pence. For every drove of cows, oxen or neat cattle fifteen (hillings a (core. For every drove of calves, [Wine, (beep or lambs, three killings and four-pence a 1 core. For gerie or turkeys two pence half, penny a fcore. For every toot pafieneer two pence. Tolls not to be taken at both gates. To enforce p-yment of tolls. And whereas th<* conveyance of his Majefty's troops and military ftores, by boats, barges, ' and other veflels, from the oppolite fhores of the counties of Kent and JEHe*, ajrofs the river Thames, is attended with a great expence: and whereas it has appeared to the lords commilfi oners of I.is Maiclfy’s trea-fuiy, that the making of the laid tunnel would be attended with a great national advantage, for the purpofe of conveying troops and military ftores through the fame, by which the expcnce of providing boats, barges, and other vtfiels, will be avoided, and the troops and (lore? be more expeditioufly conveyed ; be it therefore cnatfed, That no toll (hall be demanded or taken fi r or in refpeft of any officer or foMitr upon march or upon duty, or for or in refpeit of any horfe, cattle, or carriage employed in carrying or conveying the arms or baggage of any inch officer or foldier, or in carrying or conveying any lick, wounded, or difabled 'officer or foldier, or in carrying or conveying any cannon, ordnance or military (lores, or for or in rtfpeft of any horfe, mare, or gelding, furnilhed by or for any perfons, in any corps or troop of volunteer cavalry, and rode by them, in going to or returning from the phee appointed, for hnd on the days of extreife, provided that finch perfons bedrefied in the uniform of their refpt&ive corps or troops, or for or in refped of any fuch volunteer, or for or in refpeft of any pe: ton ov perfons, or carriage or carriages, of what defeription foever, or horfe orhorfes. employed in conveying the mail or packet, which (hall be made up under the authority or direction of his Maje fly's poftmafter general or his deputy or deputies, in confideration of which fairi fevtral exemptions the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafiiry Hull payor caufe to be paid, to the faid company of proprietois, in euil» and every year, the clear fum of one thouiand pounds, the lame to be paid by four equal quarterly payments, the firft cf fuch quarterly payments to be computed from the day on which the Jaid tunnel lhall be rendered pafiable for horfes, cattle and carnages; and if any perfon (hall claim and take the benefit of any of the exemptions from toll aforefaid, not being entitled to the lame, every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch oifence, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding forty (hillings. If the one thou-fcmd pounds is not paid to the proprietors they may t^ke toils. Proprietors to-furniih boats for government, whilft the tunnel is repairing.

Tolls may be altered. Lamps to be^ affixed againft walls. See. Penalty on wilfully damaging lamps, Sec/ On nonpayment offender to be committed. Perfons accidently damaging larrps, &c. to make fatis-fatfion. And be it further enabled. That all perfons whofoever (hall have free liberty to pals through the laid tunnel, and to lead or drive through the fame, any horfe, cattle or other beads, and carriage, geefe, and turkits, upon payment of fuch tolls as (hall be demanded by the (aid company of proprietors, not exceeding the refpedlive fums herein mentioned, and fubjeft to the rules and regulations which (hall be from time to time made by the faid company, of proprietors, by virtue of the powers herein granted ; provided that no perfon or perfons (halt, with or without any horfe, cattle, or other bead or carriage, geefi or turkics, without the confent of the faid company of proprietors or their committee, pais through the faid tunnel at any other times, than between the hours of feven in the rooming, and nve in the evening, during the months of November, December, January, and Febuary, between the, hours of five in the morning, and eight in the evening, during the months of March, April, September and October, and between the hours of four in the morning and nine in the evening, during the months of May, June, July and Augult, in every year; and fhc faid company of proprietors (hill, and they arc hereby required to keepthefaid tunnel well and Diffidently lighted up for and during the hours required in the faid months as atoreiaid, (fave and <

A9°*	Public	Local	and Perfonal Adis' [v8oo.

dr.ring fuch time or times as the feid tunnel or any part thereof or any of the works thereunto belonging fhall be repairing, or the paflage through the fame fhall be by any accident impeded or prevented) and in default thereof the faid company of proprietors lhall forfeit and pay for every offence the fum of twenty pounds, to any perfon or per-lons, who /hall fue for the fame, to be recovered, with hill cofts of fuit, by action of debt, or on the cafe, bill, plaint of information, wherein no tiloin, protedtion, wager of law, or any more than one imparlance fhall be allowed. Eighty pounds a year to be paid to his Majefty as a fa-tisfaefion for his ferry over the river Thames. Thirty pounds a year to be paid to the corporation of GravefenJ for their ferry over the river Thames. Ferries vetted in the edmpany. Company to ufe the ferries 0 when the tunnel is repairing. Penalty on damaging the works. And be it further ena&ed, That all ads and offences done or committed within the faid tunnel, or within any part or parts thereof, fituate, lying and being under the faid river Thames, fhall be deemed to have been done and committed within either of the faid counties of Kent or Effex, and fhall be enquired of, examined into, and cognizable by the feveral juftices of the laid counties refpe&ively; and all aftions, bills, fuits, informations and indictments may be brought, laid, tried and profecuted* in either of the faid counties of Kent or Eifex. How the tunnei fhall he rated. Tunnel not to be under the commifliouers of fewers. Rights of the city of London faved. Subfcribcrs compelled to pay their fub-feriptions; Fines and forfeitures. Pcrfons aggrieved by irregularity in diftrefs to recover only the fpecial damages. Form of convi&ion, Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fefiions. Proceedings not to be qualhed for want of form nor removed by certiorari. Limitation of actions. Treble cofts. Publick adt.

Cap. 83.

An for enabling his Maiefty to incorporate by charter a company to be called The Globe fnfurance Company, for infurance on lives, and again ft lofs or damage by fire, and for other pui^ofes therein mentioned.—[JuJyn, 1799.]

WHEREAS it hath been confulered, that it would in iitfany refpe&i be greatly advantageous to the puolick, if a corporation were eftabliftied for making or etfe&ing infurances on lives, and infurances againft lofs or damage by fire, and for granting, purchafing, or felling annuities for lives, or on furvivorfhip, an.i for granting fums of money payable at future periods, within the kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, and any other parts abroad; and for receiving depofits of the binds belonging to, and afting as treafurers thereof for benefit of friendly focieties, and other charitable and benevolent iriltitutions $ and aho for making provifions for the widows and children of the clergy, and for clergymen, and for the receiving depofits from or on account of the members of the induttrious chiles of fociety, and others, upon fuch terms, and in fuch manner, as lhould be agreed upon between the faid corporation, and the perfons or focieties treating with the fame corporation for the purpotes aforefaid; be it therefore enabled by the King’s 1110ft excellent imjefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritnal and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-. bled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, by charter or indenture under the great teil of Great Britain, to declare and grant, that (uch and £6 many perfons as lhall be ntmed therein, and all andevery fuch other perfons and perfon, as from time to time fhall lie duly admitted members into thdr corporation, Ih.ili he one ‘h(limit and feparate body politick and corporate, by the name of The Globe Infurance company.

JI. An i be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majrfty, in and by the fud charter or inJcn'tnie, to declare that the faid corporation, lo tu be created and

elUblidied,

 v^ooQie

49-

i8oo]	39	Geo. III. c. 83*.

dUbltfhed, fhall and may make or effect infurances on the life or lives of any perfon or perfons whomfoever, or on houfes, warehoules, chambers, or other edifices or buildings, goods, wares, or merchandizes, fhips, ve/Tels, barges, and other craft, with their cargoes, in port or ufed on navigable canals, farming ftock, and all other property, againft lofs 'or damage by fire, in all parts and places ivhat/oevcr, either within the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, 'or eifrwhtrc abroad, whether within his Majeiiy's dominions or not j and al*o fiiali and ir.ay grant, purchase, and fed annuities for lives, or on furvivurfhip, and grant turns of money payable at future periods within the kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, and any other parts abroad, whether within his Majefty’a dominions or not ; and ihall and may receive dcpofits of funds of tontine focietics, and other initiations, eftabldhed for granting future advantages, and dcpofits of funds belonging to, and adl as treafurer thereof tor, benefit or friendly focitties, and othn- charitable and benevolent inflitutions; and make provilion for the widows and children of the clergy, and for clergymen, and receive dtpoiits from or on account of members of the inriuftrious thrifts of fociety, and others; and to make provilion for members of the indullrious thrifts of fociety, and others, by allowing interest on fuch dcpofits made, or otherwife, upon Inch terms and conditions, and in Inch manner as ihall or may be agreed upon between the faid corporation fo to be created and eftablilhed, and the perfons and focieties treating with the faid corporation* for the purpofes herein-before mentioned.	#

III.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That all fuch depofits made by individuals, Audi not be payable by the faid corporation at a iels period than iix calendar months from the time fuch depoUts ihall have been made.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for his laid Majefty, in and by the faid charter or indertur *, to declare that the laid corporation, by the laid name of The Globe iidwr. nce Company, ihall have perpetual fucce'fion, and Dk.11 have full power and authority to aft in the premifes, and by the name afore laid to do, perform, and execute, or caufe to be done, performed, and executed, all or any lawful a&s, matters, and things whatibewr, in inch manner, in all refpedts, as Ihall be uccefiary, proper, or opir-’hnt for giving cffedffc thereto; and to declare that the faid corporation ill fl have power from time to time to choofe its own directors, and other Ch and fervants, for the management of the affairs of the laid cojporin Uuh manner, and under fuch qualifications, as ihall be prelerdocd in and by the faid charter or indenture to be granted or mace in that behalf; nevcrthelefs the fyft'directors of the faid corporation fh.iH or may be appointed by his Majefty, in and by the laid charter or indenture; and alio in the faid charter or indenture to deci.trt that the faid firft directors, and all fubfc-qaent directors, fhall continue in their refpedtive offices ior fuch number of years, and in cafe of death or removal, be iupphVd in fuch manner, as in fuch charter or indenture ftu.U be prelcnbcd; an l alfo in the laid chatter or indenture to declare that the foiri corporation fhrbl and may have and ufe a common leal only for the bufmels cf the laid corporation, and fuch feal Ihall and may,from time.to time, break, change, make new, or alter, as (hall be found molt expedient; and alfo in the laid charter or indenture to declare that the faid corporation Ihall be able and capable in law topurcbdfc, take, hold, and enjoy melfuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, not exceeding in the whole the annual value of two thou-fand pounds, over and brlides fuch mdfuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as may be charged with or made a fecurity tor the annuities to be purchas'd by the faid corporation : provided ncvcrtlulcfs. That the annual value of the mtfiuagcs, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be comprized in each purchafc, be taken to be of that annual value which they were of at the time of tvfe purchafc thereof; and alfo in and by the faid charter or indenture to declare that any ptrfon or perfons, bodies politick cr corporate, may give, grant, bargain, fell, or convey to the laid corporation any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the ufe and

Digitizedfe^^i^O^ 1C

Public Local and .Pei form! A£cs [1800.

ht?nefit of the faid corporation, notwithftanding the ftatute of mortmain; andalfo to declare that the faid corporation fhall have full power and ability at Jaw, to fell, grant, alien, demife, or diipofe of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of or to which they lhall fo become feifed or entitled as aforefaid, or any part thereof, at their free will and plealure; and be able and capable in law or equity to fue and implede, and be l'ued and impleaded, and anfwer *nd be anfwered, defend or be delendcd, in any courts of law or equity, or clfewhcre, in all altions, (bits, and caufes what foe ver, relating to the infurances, annuities, depofits, contra^?, engagements, or their capital joint (lock, or any of their eltates or enters, or for or upon account of any other matter or thing whatfoever concerning the frid corporation.

V.	And he it further enabled. That in the faid charter or indenture it (hall be provided, that the faid corporation, fo to be created and efta-blilhed as aforefaid, lhall be obliged from time to time during its continuance to caufe fuch a ftock of ready money, or fuch ihare or lharcs of the parliamentary (locks or publick funds of Great Britain, to be provided and referved, and to be immediately fubjelt to the difpofition of the faid corporation, as lhall be futheient to anfwer all the juft demands upon them on account of the faid policies of aflurance, and any deeds, contracts or engagements, to be made or executed, or entered into by

- the faid corporation; and that the faid corporation lhall fatisfy, pay, and difeharge the fame demands from time to time according to the tenor of the faid policies of afl'urince, deeds, contrails, and engagements, and the true meaning of this ad, and the charter fo to be granted as aFordaid; and in cafe of refufal or negled to anfwer the faid demand, the per-fon or perfons, fociety or focietics, whofe claim, or demand (hall be fo negledcd or refilled, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or alligns, may, during the exiftence of fuch claims or demands, refpsltively bring his, her, or their allion of debt, or on the cafe, by bill, tuit, or information, for the money demanded, again!! the faid corporation refu-fing or neglecting to pay as aforefaid, in any of his Majefty’s courts of iccord at Wellniinfter or eifewhere, wherein noefloin, proteltion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance lhall be granted or allowed; and that in fuch allion, bill, fuit, or information, the plaintiff or plaintiffs m*y declare that the fame corporation is indebted to him, her, or them, in the money fo demanded, and have not paid the lame, and thereupon the plainfciffor plaintiffs lhall recover againft the faid corporation (ingle damages and full cods of fuit, and the ftock and cffelts of the faid corporation lhall be alfo fubjelt and liable thereto.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That the faid focieties rcfpe&ively may commence or bring fuch allion, bills, information or informations, againi the laid corporation, in the.namc or names of the prefident or preficients, truftee ortrufteesot, or other perfon or perfons prefiding over, repre-fenti.ig or ailing for fuch fociety or focieties, and that the altions, bills, foils or informations fo brought, lhalJ, to all intents and porpofes, be as good and efifclUial as if the fame were commenced or brought in the names of all the perfons compofing fuch fociety or focieties, and no advantage lhall be taken thereof, or objection ihade thereto; any law, prallice, ufage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof notwith* withftanding.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, That the corporation fo to be created as aforefaid, which (ball have or receive any part of the monies, efttUs, or funds of fuch fociety or focieties, or (hall in any manner be intruded with the difpofition, management, or (.uftody thereof, or of any fecurities relating to the fomc, (hall, upon demand made iri purfuance of any order by fuch fociety or committee appointed in fuch manner as is directed by an alt palfed in the thirty third year of his picfent Majefty, intituled, ‘An all for the encouragement and relief of friendly Societies,* give in the account or accounts of the faid corporation witn luch fociety or focieties, at a general meeting of any filch fociety, or to fuch committee thereof as ci.’orcfaid, to l>c examined and allowed or difallowed j arid the laid cor-poiatiun lhall on fuch demand fo to be made in manner aforefaid, pay

over

 

i8oo.]	39	Geo. III. c. 83*.

over all the monies then remaining and being in the hands or cuflody of the faid corporation, and afiign and transfer or deliver all lecurities, effetfs, or funds, taken, or ltanding in the name, or remaining in the hands or cuftody of the faid corporation, to the treafurer or treafurers, ortrufteeor trulfees for the time being, or to fuch perfon or perfona as fuch fociety /hall appoint ; and in cafe of any negled or refuUl to deliver fuch account, or to pay over fuch monies, or to aflign, transfer, or deliver fuch fecurities or funds, in manner aforefaid, it /hall and may belawfulto and for every fuch fociety, in the name of The treafurer or treafurers, truftee or tj il/tees, (as the cafe may be), or fuch perion or perfons as fuch fociety or focieties /hall appoint, to exhibit a petition againft the faid corpotatiori fo to be created as aforefaid, in the high court of chancery, or the court of exchequer in England, or the com t of feflion in Scotland, or the courts of great fcliions in Wales re-fpeflively, who (hall and may proceed (thereupon in a uimmary way, and make fuch order therein, upon hearing all parties concerned, as to fuch court in their diferetion fliall feem juft; and all affignmcnt£ and transfers made in pnnuance of fuch order Anil be good and tricituat \ in law to all intents and pur poles what foe vcr. ‘

VIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That ncV fee, reward, emolument, or gratuity whatfoever, /lull be demanded, taken, or received by,any officer or minilter of fuch court, for any matter or thing done in fuch court, in purfuance of this act, by any fuch fociety as aforefaid; and that upon the prefcnting of any fuch petition it fliall be lawful for the lord high chancellor, the matter of the rolls, and the barons of the exchequer refpeitively in England, or the lords of fdfion in Scotland, or the judges of any of the courts of great feflions in Wales, to affign count'd learned in the law, and to appoint a clerk of fuch court to advtfe and carry on fuch petition on the behalf of filch fociety, who are hereby refpettively required to do their duties therein without fee or reward; and that no fuch proceedings in fuch court in purfuance of tiiis a<ft /hall be chargeable with any damp duty,

IX.	And be it alfo further ena&ed, That in the charter or indenture for eftabli/hing the faid corporation, it /hall be provided, that in all a&ions to be fued or commenced againft the faid corporation, upon any policy of a/Turance, deed, contract, or engagement, under the common feal of the faid corporation, it /hall and may be lawful for the faid corporation in fuch action or fuit to plead generally, that they owe nothing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch adhon or fuit; and that in all actions of covenant which fhail be fued cr commenced againft the /aid corporation, upon any fuch policy of a/Turance under the common feal of the faid corporation, it /h ill and may be lawful for the faid corporation in fuch a&ion or fuit to plead generally, that they have not broken the covenants in fuch policy, deed, contract, or engagement contained, or any of them f and if thereupon iifue /hall be joined, it /hall and may be lawful for the jury if they fee caufe, upon tile trial of fuch iffiie, to find a verdi£t for the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch fait or adtion, and to give fo much or fuch part only of the turn demanded, if it be an action of debt, or fo much in damage, if it be an a&ion of covenant, as it /hall appear to them upon the evidence given upon fuch trial, fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs ought in juftice to have oris or are entitled to 5 any law or cuftom to the contrary not-withftanding.

X.	And to the intent that fufficient provifion of money may be made for anfwering and paying juft demands upon the faid corporation, and to fumi/h the faid corporation with money for its necetfary and lawful occafions; it is hereby further tinned by the authority aforefaid. That the faid corporation /hall be obliged, by force and virtue of the faid charter or indenture fo to be granted or made as aforefaid, to raife n fum 0/ money, not lefs than five hundred thoufand pounds, and not exceeding one million, within fuch time or times, not exceeding a period or two years and an half, to be computed from the time the laid charter of incorporation fhail be granted, and by fu^ proportions, and

*	 CjOO(

Public Local and Perfonal A<fts	fiSoo

in fitch manner, as'in and by the frid charter or indenture {hall be appointed, and the money To to be raifcd fhall be and be called The Extraordinary Capital Stock belonging- to the faid Corporation; and that in the faid charter or indenture, fo to he granted or made asafore-faid, a provilion (h'\W be inferted, that the faid corporation, intended to be created and eltablilhed, is to be created and eltablilhed upon this condition, that the TaIH corporation do and lhall lay out and inveft the fum of three hundred thoufand pounds, (part of the faid fum of five hundred thoufand pounds extraordinary or Capital dock), within three calendar months next after the fame fhall be riifed in manner aforefaid, in the purchafe of land tax upon houfes, under an a# parted in the hft felbcn of parliament, intituled, ‘An a«5t for making perpetual, fiibfect to redemption and purchafe in the manner therein ftated, the fiver.*! fums of money now charged in Great Britain as aland tax for one year from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight;' and alfo do and lhall, with one moiety or half part of the net profits which lhall a rife to the faid corporation from the faid ellablithment, which fhall remain alter payment of five pounds per centum per annum to the proprietors on the capital ftock, and all friaries and other expences attending the inhibition, lay out fuch moieties as they (hall arife, after* making fuch deductions as aforefaid, in the purchafe of the faid land tax upon houfes, from time to time, nntil the fum of feven hundred thou find pounds (liall have been fo laid out as aforefaid, unfifs the whole of the faid land tax upon houfes (hall previoufly thereto have been redeemed or fold ; and that the faid corporation fhall be allowed to purchafe the faid land tax upon the fame terms and conditions, as the owners of lands now are or hereafter may be entitled to redeem or purchafe by the fame or any future a#; but ti'.e intereft or produce arifing from the faid fum of three hundred thou-frnd pounds, and fuch moieties of the (aid profits .as (hall be laid out in the purchafe of land tax as arorefaid, (hall not be confidered or taken as part of the profits out of which the faid fum of feven hundred thou-iand pounds, or any part thtreoF, is to proceed ; and alfo that the fum of live pounds per centum per annum, upon all the faid money to be raifed as aforefaid, (excepting the faid fum of three hundred thoufand pounds fo to be laid out as aforefaid), (hall be deduced out of the fiud moiety or half part of the laid net profits, before the fame (hall be applied in the purchafe of the faid land tax, in manner herein-before mentioned.

XL Provided nevtrthekfs, and it is hereby further enafted, That a provifion fhall be infrrtcd in the faid charter, that the faid corporation ihnll, within three calendar months after the date of the faid charter, enter into a fufficient contra# or contracts, according to the provifions of the fevers 1 a#s pafled in the lad and prefent feflions of parliament for the redemption of the land tax, that the faid corporation lhall and will lay out and invert: the fum of three hundred thoufand pounds, part of the frid five hundred thoufand pounds extraordinary or capital ftock, in the purchafe of the End tax -on houfes, or land tax, as provided by this a#, and that the faid corporation lhall in fuch contra# or contracts undertake that they (liall and will lay out and inveft epe hundred thoufand pounds,part of the faid three hundred thouland pounds, »n the purchafe of the land tax on houfes, or land tax, as aforefaid, within one year after the /date of the faid charter; and that they (hall and will lav out one hundred thoufand pounds, other part of the faia three hundred thouland pounds, in fuch purchafe as aforefaid, within two years after the date of the faid charter; and that they (hall and will fry out one hundred thoufand pounds, reliduc of the faid three hundred thoufand pounds, within three calendar , months next after the extraordinary or capital ftock lhall be raifed as aforefaid, in the further purchafe of the land tax on houfes, or land tax, as aforefaid.

Xll.	And be it further enatted. That the directors of the faid corporation (liall yearly lay, or caufe to be laid, before each houfe of parliamtnt a true account of the receipt and application of all monies which lhall be received by the frid corporation by virtue of this a#,

XIII.	And

 

i8qo.}	39 Geo. III. c. 83*.

XIII.	And be it farther enacted, That in the charter or indenture To to be executed or made as aforefaid, it (hall be declared, that all and every perfons or perfon by or fjr whom any fubfeription (hall be made or accepted, or any payment made purfuant to the orders of any general court or courts, authorifed by the faid charter or indenture to be held by the faid corporation for that purpofe, for or towards the railing of the faid capital joint flock as aforefaid, his, her, and their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns refpe&ively, (hall have and be entitled to a fhare of and in the faid capital joint ftock of the faid corporation, in proportion to the monies to which he, (he, or they (hall have fo contributed towards making up the fame, and to a proportional (hare of the profits and advantages attending the capital (lock of the faid corporation, and (hall be admitted to be a member or members of the fame.

XIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled. That no perfon or perfons (hall be entitled to any greater (hare in the capital or joint ftock of the faid corporation, than the money which he, (he, or they (hall have paid towards the fame; and that the feveral members of the (aid corporation do and (hall refpc<ftively (land refponfible and anfwerable for all juft debts and demands pf the creditors of the faid corporation, to the full amount of their feveral and refpe&ive (hares in the capital of the faid joint ftock, but (hall not be any further or otherwife liable, either perfonally, or in their feveral and re.'pe<5live lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels, or efttds, for any undertakings, engagements, contrails, or agreements entered into by the faid corporation, or be fubjett or liable, by reafon of his or their being members of the faid corporation, or of any of the a£ts of the faid corporation, to the ftatutefl refpedting bankrupts, or any of them.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid corporation (hall not borrow or take up by way of loan, any fum or fums of money whatfoever, other than by a fubfeription for (hares, in manner herein-before mentioned.

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed, That in the charter or indenture to be made and executed as aforefaid, it (hall be declared, that the faid corporation to be thereby erc<fled and eftablifhed, for better enabling the fame to anfwer all juft demands upon the policies of aft’urance for lo(?cs, deeds, contr.i&s, or engagements, or otherwife as aforefaid, at any time or times during the continuance of the faid corporation, according to the true intent and meaning of this a<5t, (hall have power in" the general court of the faid corporation, from time to time as the faid corporation (hall fee caufe, to call in or direft to be paid from and by the refpe&ive members thereof for the time being, according to their refpeftive lhares in the capital ltock which (hall belong to the (aid, corporation, any fum or fums of money fubferihed hy them to the (aid undertaking, and fuch further fum or fums of money, as by any general coutt (hall from time to time be judged ncceftary, or be ordered to be called in or raifed; and that all executors, adminiftrators, guardians, truftees, or mortgagees, (hall be indemnified in paying, and are hereby empowered to pay in their refpedtive proportions of the money fo called for j and in cafe any member or members, who (hall be re-

Suired to pay m money upon any call or calls to be made purfuant to lisaft, (half refiife or negleft to pay his, her, or their (hare of the money fo called for, at the time or times appointed for that purpofe by notice inferted in the London Gazette, and upon the royal exchange in London, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid corporation, and their fufcelTors, to flop the (hare, profits, or dividends, which (hail from time to time become payable from the faid corporation, to fuch member or members fo neglecting and refilling, and to apply the lame from time to time for or towards payment of the (hare of money fo called for, and which, ought to have been paid by fucli member .or members fo negftvung or refuting, until the fame (hall be fatisfied, and alfo to (lop the transfers and alignments of the (hare and (hares of every Inch defaulter and defaulters, and to charge luch defaulter or defaulters with inter eft, after

495*

the



Publid Local and Perfonal A£ls fi8od.-

tlie r/ite of five pounds per centum per annum, for the money fo by him, her, or them omitted to be paid, from the time the fame was appointed to be pud. until the payment thereof, and that the lhare.and frock, i'.nd /hares and frocks, of fuch defaulter and defaulters* fhall be liable to make good and aniwer the ft id monies fo appointed to be paid, and the intereft thereof as aforefaid ; and in cafe the fame principal and intereft /hall be unpaid by the fpace of three calendar months, then the faid corporation, or the court of directors for the time being, {ball have power to authorife fuch perfon or perfons as they (ball re-fpcetivdy think fit, to fell, affign, and transfer fo much of the faid frock or frocks eft fuch defaulter or defaulters as will fatisfy and pay the fame, rendering the overplus (if any) to the proprietors; and the money fo called for and p id in (hall be deemed capital frock, and fhall be written in the books or the faid corporation, and the refpeftive members paying the lame ihall have credit in the faid books for their refpeftive proportions or fhares thereof; nevcrthtkfs the faid corporation, and their fucceflors, in a general court, from time to time, when they judge their allairs will admit thereof, IImII or may caufe any fum or furos of money which fhall he fo called in, or any part thereof, to be divided and diftributed amongft the then members of the faid corporation, according to and in proportion to their refpeftive (hare or fbares which thev Ihall then have of or in the capital frock of the fame.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That the particular fhare and fbares of the refpeftive members, of or in the capital or joint frock of the faid corporation, from time to time fhall be transferable, allignable, and ‘devifable, and their bills, bonds, and obligations, fhall be aftignable and recoverable in fuch manner and form as his Majefty, by the faid char* ter or indenture, fhall preicribe and appoint, as well in relation to fuck iharc afid fhares of ltock, as in reference to fuch bills, bonds, or obligations refpeftively ; and that the capital frock of the faid corporation, intended to be created and eitablilheil in purfUance of this aft, and the fhare and intereft of each and every particular member thereof and therein, fhall be deemed and judged in all courts of law and equity, and elfr where, to be a perfonal and not a real eftate, and fhall go to the executors or adminifrrators of the perfon ot perfons dying pollcfied thereof or entitled thereunto, and not to the heir of fuch perfon or perfons; any law, ftatute, ulage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwith-itnnding.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That the capital flock of the laid corporation, to be eftablifhed purfuant to this aft, fhall, during the continuance thereof, be exempted, and.it is hereby exempted, from any taxes, rates, afieifments, or impofitions whatfoever, by aft of parliament or otherwife, lave and except the taxes, rates, afleflments, impofitions, and duties, impofed by an aft, paired in the preftnt fefiion of parlia-ment, for repealing the duties impofed by an aft made in the laft fefiion of parliament, for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war, and for granting certain duties upon income, in lieu of the faid duties; and that no perfon who fhall be aireftor, or other officer of the faid corporation, to be created as aforefaid, fliall for that caufe only be difabled from being a member of parliament, nor Ihall, in refprft of fuch fhare or Ilia res, be or be adjudged liable to be a bankrupt, within the intent and meaning of all or any of the ftatute* made of or concerning bankrupts; and that no flock iit the faid corporation ihall he fuhjeft or liable tp any foreign attachment, by the culiom of London or otherwife; any law or ftatute to the contrary not-Withftandmg.

XT X. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for his Majefty, in and by the fiid charter or indenture, to grant to the faid corporation, thereby to be created or conftituted, power to make bye laws and ordinances, and fuch further powers, authorities, privileges, and advantages, relating to the objects of the faid corporation, and for the management or regulation of the concerns thereof, as to his Ma-jclly Ihall feem moil expedient, and a9 in the fame charter or indenture

fci

tel

'cz

•til

la



k.

•S

kn

a*.







%



 v^ooQle

i8oo.]	39	Geo.	III.	c. 83*.	497*

/hall be exprefled ; and that the claufe, and provifions to be mentioned In the faid charter or indenture ftnll to all intents, effefts, conitrutfions, and purpofes whatfoever, have the fame force and effect as if the lame had been contained in this aft.

XX.	And whereas it may be difficult hereafter for the faid corporation to find fufficicnt land tax on houfes, to purchafe in manner directed by this aft, unlefs they purchafe land tax on houfes in diftant and remote parts of the kingdom, and may not be able to purchafe land tax on ioufes without manifeft lofs and inconvenience; be it enafted, That if at any time it (hall feem proper to the lords of the treafury, on repre-Jentation made to them by the faid corporation, to empower the faid corporation to purchafe land tax iuftcad of land tax on houfes, land tax fo purchaftd fhall be confidered as an equivalent for the land tax on houfes diredted to be purchafed by this adt.

XXI.	And be it further enafted, That the adt made and pafled in the

Seventeenth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, ‘ An adt for regiftering the grants of life annuities, and for the better protection of infants againit fuch grants,* or any claufe or provifion therein contained, (hall not extend to or in anywife affeft any annuities to be granted by the laid corporation.	*

XXII.	And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or perfons fhall forge or counterfeit the common feal of the (kid corporation, to be created and eftablifhed purfuant to this adt, or (ball forge, counterfeit, or alter any policy, deed, bill, bond or obligation, under the common feal of the (aid corporation, or (hall offer to, difpofe of, or pay away any fuch forged, counterfeited, or altered policy, deed, bill, bond, or obligation, knowing the fame to be fuch, or (hall demand the money therein contained, or pretended to be due thereon, or any part thereof, of or from the laid corporation, or any of the officers of tne faid corporation knowing fuch policy, deed, ^ bill, bond, or obligation, to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud the faid corporation, or any perfon or perfons whomfoever, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending, and being convicted thereof in due form of law, (hall be guilty of felony, and fuller as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted. That this aft (hall be deemed, judged, and taken to be a publick aft, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges and other perfons, without fpecially pleading the feme.

Vox.. XUI,	•!	{

Digitized

i by 





THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

" *- 'S5XJ'!7'ur-

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, Magnet Britannic?, Franc'tce, et , tri-cejimo nono.

AT the parliament begun and	Wefl-

minfter, the twelfth day of July, Anno Domini 1796, in the thirty-fixth year of the reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by	feveral	proro and by pro-

clamation, to the twenty-fourth day of September 1799;	being the fourth fefjion of the eighteenth parliament	of Great Britain.

C A P. 1.

An at1 for enabling his Mfiefly to accept the fir vices of an additional number of volunteers from the militia, under certain rejlricltons [October 8, 1799 ]

WHEREAS the great increofie of the regular annyy by the Preamble.

volunteers from the mihtia of this kingdom, under an aft puffed in the lafl Jcjfion of parliament, has enabled his ALfifty to employ a very confedcrable force with a view to the re-cjlablifoment of the independence and lawful government of the United Provinces : and whereas the fuccefi which has already attended his Airfiflys arms, in the employment of fucb force, has greatly contributed to emreafe the fecurity of his Mcfifty's dominions \ and it is thereby become expedient to difembody, difimfs, or reduce a certain proportion of the militia fanes exifling in this kingdom, -and to enable his Ala-jejly to accept the fervices of fuch of them as may voluntarily offer to engage in his Majejlys regular forces, under certain provifions and reflrittionL for the vigorous projecution of the war: may it there-Vol, XLII.	H	H	.fore

 vjOOQIC

So much of 39 Geo. 3. c. 106. as ' limits the number of men to be off-charged from the militia, repealed.

Militia men may enlift in certain regiments.

464 Annoregni tricefimo nono Georgti III. f. 2. c. 1. [1799.

fore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent or the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That f:> much of the act, parted in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for the reduction of the militia forces, at the time arid in the manner therein limited\ for enabling Ids Majefty more cffcftually to encreafe his regular forces for the vigorous prof cation of the ivar, and for amending the laws relating; to the mii:tiay as limits the number of private militia men to be difeharged or difembodied from the militia of the feveral counties, ridings and places, in that act mentioned, to one fourth of the number of men required by the faid a<ft to be raifed in the faid feveral counties, ridings, and places, (hall, from and after the palling this add, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enadled. That it rtvjjl be lawful for his Majefty, by any order fignified by his Majefty’s fecretary of date, to diredl any fuch or lb many of the regiments named and appointed under the faid acSfcof the laft feflion of parliament, or any fuch other regiments of the line as bis Majefty (hall name and appoint, to receive volunteers from the militia, as his Majefty (hall fee fit, or any regiment of his Majefty’s foot guards, or the royal corps of artillery, to receive volunteers from the militia under this act out of any regiment, battalion, or corps' of militia named in any fuch order; and it (hall be lawful for any pnvate militia man to enlift under this a6t, in the manner, and fubjedt to the regulations hercin-after mentioned, into any fuch regiment of the fine of his Majefty’s regular forces, or into any luch regiment of foot guards or royal corps of artillery, as his Majefty (hall hereafter, by any fuch order as aforefaid, from time to time name and appoint to receive volunteers from the regiment, battalion, or corns of militia to which any fuch private m3n (hall at the time of fuch enlifting under this adt belong.

III.	And be it further enadled. That every perfon who (hall

certain canel*difted under this act to ferve in any regiment or corps of ditions, and to the line of his Majefty regular forces, fo named and appointed take the fol- as aforefaid, (hall be enlifted to ferve for five years, or during lowing	the	continuance	of	the	prefent war, and for fix months after the

expiration thereof, and no longer; and (hall not be liable to be fent or to ferve out of Europe \ and every fuch perfon (hall, in addition to the ufual and accuftomed oath to be taken by every perfon enlifting as a foldier in his Majefty’s forces, take the following oath ; (that is to fay),

Such men to

oath.	c	T J. B. do fincerely promife and fwear, That I will be

X faithful and bear true allegiance to his majefty King George; and I do fwear, that I will faithfully ferve in the regiment of	within	any part of Europe, during the term

of five years, or for the continuance of the war, and for fix months after the expiration thereof, unlefs I lhall be fooner difeharged.’

IV. And



1799-3 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. f. 2. c. 1.	465

IV.	And. be it further enacted. That every perfon who fhall NV> Tynhon To be enlifted to ferve in any regiment or corps of his

regular forces, fo named and appointed as aforefaid, fhall ferve anv other in the regiment or corps in which he (hall originally have enlifted corps*, ur.leis to ferve, and in no other regiment or corps whatever; and no tirftdifc!urc> perfon eniifting in any fuch regiment or corps fhall, on any count or pretence whatever, be drafted into or ferve in any ii)y cjitcjing."" other regiment or corps, whether fuch perfon Avail content to his being fo drafted or not, unlefs in every fuch cafe the perfon fo confenting to ferve in any other regiment or corps, other than the one for which he fhall have fo enlifted as<iforci fid, fhall have been firft wholly and abfolutely difeharged from all fcrvice whatever in his Majefty’s forces, and (hall thereafter have voluntarily entered into fuch other regiment or corps.

V.	And be it further enaded, That svery perfm enlifted to Every nuhtia ferve in his Majefty’s regular forces under this a eft, fhall be en- thVrepu-titled to the fum of ten guineas as a bounty, to be paid in man- jar forces to ner hcrein-after directed ; and it Oiall be lawful for the juftice of be entitled to the peace or magiftrate before whom any fuch perfon fo enlifted ten guineas

.as aforefaid (hall be attefted, to direct any fum, not exceeding one third part of the faid bounty of ten guineas to be paid to him poied of as forthwith, or to be advanced to fuch perfon, or to fuch of his herein fpeci-family, and in fuch proportions as lie fhall requeiVat the time of fod. his being fo attefted ; and alfo to direct anv further fum, nor exceeding the fum of one guinea, to be paid thereout to the officer producing fuch perfon to be attefted, to be laid out in providing immediate neceftaries for fuch perfon fo attefted; and thejufticc of the peace or inagiftrate directing the payment of any fuch. monev, fhall grant a certificate thereof to the officer producing fuch perfon to be attefted as aforefaid; and the remainder of fuch bounty (hall be paid to fuch perfon as foon as he (ball arrive at the herd quarters of the regiment or corps into which he (hall have enlifted as aforefaid, if fuch regiment or corps (hall then be in England, or at the head quarters of any r^cruiutig company or companies of any inch icginient or corps if then ferving abroad, or at Chatham barracks, as the cafe may be.

Vi. And be it further enacted, That every commanding Commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, of any pnYtYvXfTin county, riding, or place aforefaid, (hall, upon receiving direc- to the men the tions from Ins Majefty for that purpofe, explain to the private terms upon men of the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, of which he which they (hall for the time being have the command, in fuch manner, and J^Yh^re mhr at all fuch times within one month from the time of his (lift forces, aud it* receiving fuch directions, as his Majefty fhall direct, the terms any declare upon which any private man, ferving in the rr.ilifia, may enlift !.uch an inten-into the regular forces, under this act; and if upon the terms of h^difchai^eY fuch eniifting being explained or made known to them as store-ancj atteficd faid, any private militia man (ball voluntarily declare an inten- for the regi-tion to be enlifted into.his Majvfty’s regular forces, it (hall be ment in which lawful for fuch colonel or commanding officer of militia as afore- ^nj^,,,ttn<i to faid, and every fuch colonel or commanding officer is hereby

H H 2

Digitized

,c?@©b<

466 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. f. 2. c. 1. [1799-

required to difchargc fu:h perfon from the militia, whether fuch perfon (lull enlift iingly or with any other men as a company, in manner herein-aftcr mentioned; and every fuch private militia man, fo di (charged ns aforefaid, (hall immediately thereupon belong, as a private man, to the regiment or corps into which he (hall declare his intention to enlift, and (hall be immediately enlifted and attefted for fuch regiment or corps in due courfe of law, and (hall (as foon as conveniently may be) be'transferred to feme officer of fuch regiment or corps, or fuch officer as his Majefty may have appointed to receive men enlifted under this a£t; and Hull have and be entitled to the allowance of the bounty of ten guineas, in the manner herein-mentioned, together with fubfiflence, pay, and cloathing, to be paid and furniffied in like manner in every refpeet, and fubjeft to and under the like laws, rules, and regulations, as are provided and ufed for the regiment or corps of his Majefty’s regular forces, into which he (hail have enlifted, except as ifuch laws, rules, and regulations are with refpedl to l'uch men altered by tin's aft; any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

Militiamen VII. And be it further enafted, That where any number of ^ther^s^at0~ Privatc militia nien (hall be defirous of enlifting into any regi-company of ment of the line, fo named as aforefaid, of his Majefty’s regular forces, as a company or companies, of not lefs than eighty men to each company, and his Majefty (hall have fignified his intention of granting commiffions in his Majefty’s regular forces to any officer or officers aftually ferving in the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia from which any or each of fuch and make bat-companies of men (hall volunteer to ferve as aforefaid in his talions of fuch Majefty’s regular forces, as captain, lieutenant, and enfign of fuch company or companies refpeftivcly, that then and in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch men to enlift as fuch company or companies as atoiefaid; and then and in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for any number of non’-commiffioned officers, corporals, and drummers of fuch regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, not exceeding three ferjeants, four corporals, and one drummer, to every eighty men, to enlift with fuch company or companies of men as aforefaid; and every colonel and commanding officer of fuch regiment is hereby required to difeharge fuch non-cornmiffioned officers, corporals, and drummers, as (hall be defirous of enlifting as aforefaid, not exceeding fuch number as aforefaid ; and it (hall be lawful for his Majefty to attach luch company or companies of men to any regiment of the line of his Majefty’s regular forces, fo named and appointed as aforefaid, into which the private militia men of fuch company or companies fnall have declared their intention to enlift as aforefaid, or to join together any number of fuch companies, and form the fame into an additional battalion or any additional battalions of any fuch regiment as aforefaid, and in fuch cafe to appoint fuch and fuch number of field and ftaff officers to any fuch battalion or battalions as his Majefty (hall think neceflary; and every fuch battalion (hall thereupon be fubjeft to fuch and the like regulations, with refpedt to fervice, as any regiment of

the

 >ogle

not lefs than eighty, and his Majefty may appoint officers from the militia.

companies, & c.

1799-] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. f. 2. c. r. 467

the line named and appointed to receive volunteers from the

militia under the (aid recited a<5l and this a<51; and every private

militia man of every fuch company (hall be entitled to fuch

and the like bounty, to be paid in fuch and the like manner,

and fhall ferve on fuch and the like conditions, in every refpedl,

as are herein-mentioned with refpedl to any militia man enlift-

ing into any regiment of the line of his Majefty’s regular forces,

under the faid act of the laft feffion of parliament, or this a£L

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That every Militia offi-officer fo volunteering to ferve in his Majefty’s regular forces, t^in°ton" with any fuch company of men as aforefaid, (hall he entitled tofcrVem the and have temporary rank in his Majefty’s regular forces equal regular forces, to the rank he (hall have held as fuch militia officer at the time to have tern-of fuch volunteering as aforefaid, and thereafter fuch permanent

rank as his Majefty (hall think fit to grant; and every fuch half pay. officer fo ferving in his Majefty’s regular forces as aforefaid, with temporary rank only therein, fhall, upon his reduction as fuch officer, be entitled to and receive the half pay of the rank in which he (hall have been ferving at the time of his reduction, as if fuch rank had been permanent.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That no non- Perfons con-commifiioned officer, corporal, drummer, or private militia man,

fhall be entitled to enlift under this a£t who fhall be in confine- COUrts-mar-ment under any fentence of any court-martial, of who fhall be tial. Sec. not under confinement with a view to being tried by any court- entitled toen-martial, until he fhall have fuffered the fentence of fuch viftonallpr°* court-martial; and that no non-commiflioned officer, corporal, u 1 drummer, or private militia man, fhall be entitled to his dif-charge, or to enlift under this adl, who (hall have been in confinement, or who fhall have been fentenced to any punifhment by any court-martial for any offence committed between the twenty-fourth day of September one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and the time of his fo offering to enlift, unlefs he fhall obtain the confent of the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia in which he fhall be ferving at the time of his being defirous of enlifting as aforefaid.

X.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadled, That no perfon Mnficians or ferving in the militia who fhall be ufually employed as a mufician enbtltdTo eu-in the band of the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, to without which he fhall belong, or (hall be ufually employed as an confent of the armourer in any fuch regiment, battalion, or corps, (hall be commanding entitled to his difeharge, or to enlift into his Majefty’s regular ottlcer* forces under this a£l, unlefs he (hall obtain the confent for that

purpofe of the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment. Commanding battalion, or corps of militia, in which lie fhall be then ferving. officers of mi-

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That it fhall litia may re -be lawful for the colonel or commanding officer of any regi- fate to (1,f-ment, battalion, or corps of militia, to refufe to difeharge any f0*[*ee|^us non-commiflioned officer, corporal, drummer, or private militia 0f enlifting man, who (hall defire his diftharge for the purpofe of being en- into the regu-lifted, under this adfc, into his Majefty’s regular forces, upon lar forces, , affigning, in writing, to the general officer commanding(Sctfe^^iOTrnS

H H 3	diftri<3	Cauie.

tars, may be reduced to privates.

468 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. f. 2. c. 1. [1799.

diftrift within which fuch regiment, battalion, or corps of militia {hall be quartered, or to the adjutant general of his Majef-ty’s forces where there (hall nor be any fuch general officer as aforefaid, fuch caufe for his refufal as (hall be deemed fufficicnt by fuch general officer, or adjutant general, as the cafe may be. Perfons dif- XII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That if any themirnofeof Pcr^on> difeharged from the militia for the purpofe of being en-being i'o en- ' lifted Into his Majefty’s regular forces under this a6b, (hall not-lifted, and re- withftanding refufe to enlift, purfuant to any declaration of being fifing fo to defirous to enlift fo made by him as aforefaid, that then and in fo the rod-1^ evcry fuch cafe fuch perfon (hall continue to belong to the regi-rhent from mcnf, battalion, or corps of militia, from which fie lhall have which dif- been fo difeharged fur the purpofe of enlifting as aforefaid, not-charged. - withftanding any fuch difeharge.

Non-commif- XIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted, That it (hall honed offi- be lawful for the commanding officer for the time being of any rds"1 oi°dvum-	of the line into which any fuch non-commiffioncd

Tners, enlifted officer, corporal, or drummer, (hall have enlifted under this act, into the regu. or for the commanding officer of anv battalion of any fuch regiment in which fuch non-commiflioned officer, corporal, or drummer (hall ferve, to reduce, at his diferetion, any fuch non* commiffioned officer, corporal, or drummer, to the rank of a private foldier in the regiment, battalion, or corps of his Ma-jefty’s forces in which he (hall ferve as (uch non-commiffioned officer, corpora!, or drummer as aforefaid, in cafe of any mif-conduft, or for any fuch fufficient caufe as would, according to the ufage and praftice that obtain in his Majefty’s regular forces, occafion the reduction of any non-commiilioned officer, corporal, or drummer to the rank of a private foldier.

Commanding XIV. Provided alfo, and be it futiher enafted, That nothing oPacers not to jn this aft contained, (hall authorife any colonei or commanding officer as aforefaid to difeharge, or caufe to be difeharged, under any of the provifions of this aft, any greater number of fuch men of the militia ot any county, riding, or place, as (hall be defirous of enlifting, and (hall be enliflcd under this act, than will, together with the number of men difeharged for the purpofe of being enlifted into the regular forces under the faid recited aft, amount in the whole to three fifths of the number of men required as the quota of fuch county, riding, or place, by the faid aft of the lad feffion of parliament.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant, or in the abfence of the lieutenant, any three deputy lieutenants,- au-thorifed by his Majefly to aft as lieutenant, of every county, riding, and place aforefaid, (hall, within ten days after the receiving of any order for that purpofe from his Majefly, fignified py his Majefty’s fccretary of (late, tranfmit to his Majefty’s privy council an accurate account, in writing, of the number of necefl'ary,(hall perfons that (hall have been difeharged from the militia of their counties, ridings, and places, and enlifted in the re-thecommand- gu^ar forces under this aft; which accounts (hall, in all cafes ing officer of where the fame may be neceflary, be tranfmitted, by the com-the militia,	,	manding

difeharge above a certain number &f men.

County lieutenants to tranfmit to the privy council an account of the number of men difeharged, which when





1799 ] Anno regm tricefimo nono Georgii III. f. 2. c. 1.	469

mantling officers of fuch militia to fuch lieutenants or deputy lieutenants as aforefaid, for that purpofe.

XVI.	And be it further enacted. That after the palling of His Majefty this a61, it fhali be lawful for his Majefty, by anv warrant under

his fign manual, diredled to the lieutenant or deputy lieute- of mflitia men nants as aforefaid, from time to time, when and as often as he to be dimilted fhali think fit, to difembody any number of militia men, with-to their but regard to whether fuch men were raifed under an adf paffed	ve

in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or under two feveral adfs pa fled in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or raifed after the paffing of this aft; and, for that purpofe, to authorife and direct any colonel or commanding officer of any militia to difembody and difmifs, to their relpedtive places of abode, any fuph number of militia men aforefaid, as his Majefty fhali think fit; and every fuch colonel or commanding officer fha^I, within fourteen days after the ifluing of any warrant as aforefaid, proceed, according to the diredlions of fuch warrant, to difembody and difmifs fuch militia men aforefaid to their refpedtive places of abode, in manner and at the times in fuch warrant mentioned.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That no- Not more in

thing in this adt contained fhali authorife his Majefty to difem- the whole to body and difmifs any greater number of militia men than will, t^anlhree together with the number of men difeharged under the faid re- fifths of the cited adt and this adt, for the purpofe of being enlifted into quota requir-his Majefty’s regular forces, amount irt the whole to three fifths eti by the act of the number of men required as the quota of fuch county,	a

riding, or place, by the faid adl of the laft feffion of parliament.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That all p€rfons fodif-perfons fo difembodied and tlifmifi'ed as aforefaid, or felcdfed or milled, or fe-fixed upon for the purpofe of being fo difembodied or difmifled lifted fo to be, as aforefaid, from, any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, tfie^resular11 may, during the time of their remaining fo difembodied as forces, and aforefaid, or at any time after they (hail have left the regiment, fuch as do not battalion, or corps of militia, under anv order of the colonel jha|{ remain or commanding officer thereof, for ,he purpofe of being fo i^hVm.Utu' difembodied or difmiiied as aforefaid, enhit in his Majefty s re- and (hall gular forces; and that all perfons fo difembodied and difmifled join when

as aforefaid, who (hall not, during fuch time as aforefaid, enlift required.^ in any of his Majefty’s regular forces, fhali remain liable to ferve in the fame militia, (unlefs anv fuch perfon fhali b<j entitled to his difeharge under the provifions of any adt or adts now in force), and {ball and they are hereby required to join any regiment, battation, and corps or militia, ferving for the county, riding, or place, from the militia of which they (hall have been refpedtively difmifled, whenever called upon fo’ to do, either for the purpofe of fupplying the vacancies which may arife in the faid militia, or whenever they {hall be again embodied under any warrant under his Majefty’s fign manual, which warrant, as aforefaid, his Majefty is hereby empowered to iffue whenever he {hall think fit, and {hall be and remain H H 4	Digitiz

His Maiefty may retain

officers, &c.

Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. f. 2. c 1. [1799.

fubjed to all fuch and the like rules and orders, and to all and the like pains and penalties, as any other perfons enrolled to ferve in the militia are fubjed and liable to by any ad or ads now in force, at fuch times as the faid militia fhall not be embodied under the faid ads, or as fuch perfons are fubjed and liable to at the time of the embodying of any militia.

XIX.	And be it further enadtcd, That it fhall be lawful oniccrs <xc ^°r h,s Majefly, by any order fignified by his Majefty’s fecre-notwithftand- tarY Hate, to dired any number of officers, non-commiffioned ing the re- officers, corporals, or drummers, adually ferving in any regi-duffion of the ment, battalion, or corps of militia at the time of any reduced htiamen l*°n °f ^le number of the private men of fuch regiment, battalion, or corps, by the dilcharge of men for the purpofc of enlifting into the regular forces under this ad, to be retained during the continuance of the prefent war, or for fo long time during the continuance thereof as his Majefly fhall think fir, as officers, non-commiffioncd officers, corporals, and drumtpers refpedively, of fuch regiment, battalion, or corps, although by. reafon thereof the number of officers, non-commiffioned officers, corporals,* and drummers refpedively, of any fuch regiment, battalion, or corps, fhall, after fuch redudion of the number of private men therein as aforefaid, exceed the proportion of officers, non-commilfioned officers, corporals, and drummers refpedively, preferibed for any regiment, battalion, corps, or company of militia, by any ad or ads now in force j and all fuch officers, non-commiffioned officers, corporals, and drummers, fo retained as aforefaid, fhall be entitled to fuch pay, emoluments, and advantage?, ars other officers, non-ccm-miffioned officers, corporals, and drummers refpedively, are by law entitled unto; any thing in any Jaw or ad to the contrary thereof notwithftancJing.

XX.	And be it further cnaded. That it fhall.be lawful for his Majefly, whenever he fhall think proper after the puffing of this ad, to caufc the militia of any county, riding, or place, to be formed into fuch and fuch number of regiments, battalions,

of the militia, or •companies, as his Majefly fhall deem expedient, regard being had to the redudion that fhall have taken place in the militia of fuch county, riding, or place, by the enliftmenr of men into the regular forces under the faid ad of the laft feffion of parliament, or this ad, or by the tiifembodying of.any militia men by his Majefty under this act; and conforming in every fuch cafe, as near as the proportions of men left after fuch redudion as aforefaid will admit, to the original eftabliihment of the militia of fuch county, riding, or place, with refpedto the regiments, battalions, or companies of winch the fame was compofed under the faid ad of the twenty-lixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty.

His Majefty XXI. And be it further enaded. That it (hall be lawful for ders through hlS	*?y	any	order fignified by his Majefty’s fecretary of

the fecretary	at	any time, from time to time during the execution of

offtateto this ad, or any part thereof, to give fuch orders and diredions

to

His Majefty may make a new arrangement of the ettablifliment

t'ff Ci





 

1799-3 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgit III. f. 2. c. 1.	471

to the lieutenants, or in the vacancy of the office or abfence lords lieute-of any lord lieutenant, to the deputy lieutenants authorifed to nant A.n<* aft as lieutenant, or to the refpeftive colonels and commanding00 ottz s* officers of any regiments, battalions, or corps of militia, of every county, riding, and place afore fa id, as his Majefty (hall from time to time* think expedient and neceflary for the execution of this aft; and the feveral lieutenants and deputy lieutenants, and colonels and commanding officers aforefaid, (hall proceed forthwith, in purfuance of his Majeftv’s orders, to da all fuch afts as (hall be neceflary for the purpofe of carrying fuch order into execution, and for the due execution of the provifions of this aft.

XXil. And be it further enafted, That every colonel or Commanding commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or corps of officers of im-militia, (hall, within twenty days, or as foon as conveniently^* maybe, after the ifluing of any warrant under this aft for the clerk of the difembodying and difmifling any militia men belonging to fuch general meet-regiment, battalion, or corps, tranfmit, or caufe to be tranT- wMnn ,v mitted, to the clerk of the general meeting of lieutenancy of	men	*

thecounty, riding, or place, to which fuch militia (hall belong, d item bodied, a lift of all fuch militia men as (hall have been difembodied and difmifled in purfuance of any fuch warrant as aforefaid ; and every fuch lift (hall be made in the following form:

Dated the		day of		
Name of the county, &c.	Names of the men difembo-died and dif-milfed.	If fubftitutesj for whom they ferve.	Of the parifli of	In the hundred of
	A. B.	—	p.-	•  H.
	E. F.	C. D.	M.	N.  	— ■■ —

And the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants afting for fuch county. Lieutenants to riding, or place, (hall caufe the men neceflary tor fupplying any hfpply vacan-vacancies that may hereafter arife in the militia of fuch county, f^hh'fts^nd riding, or place, to be ballotted for out of the perfons returned the perfons in any fuch lift as aforefaid, until fit perfons fhall be found to ballotted to fupply fuch vacancies, and fo from time to time as occafion ferYe^he re" (hall require, fo long as any of the perfons returned in any to-which fuch lift can be found fit to fupply fuch vacancies as aforefaid ; engaged be-and every perfon fo ballotted to fupply any fuch vacancy, who fore difmif-. (hall not be deemed by fuch lieutenant or deputy lieutenants flon* unfit by reafon of ficknefs or bodily inability, fhall ferve in the militia of fuch county, riding, or place, upon the conditions, and for the remainder of the time, for which fuch perfon fhall

‘	'	C&v6gle



Every officer appointed by his MU idly.

der in chief, may enlift militia men difemhodied

472 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. f. 2. c. 1. [1799.

have been engaged to ferve in fuch militia before he was difembodied and difmifled as aforefaid ; and whenever and as foon as all the perfons returned in any fuch lift or lifts that can be found to fupply fuch vacanciestas aforefaid, (hall by ballot have . fupplied fuch vacancies as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe the men neceflary for fupplying fuch future vacancies as may arife in fuch militia, fhall be raifed, chofen, and ballotted for* in manner direfted by the faid a ft of the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty,

XXIII.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for any officer appointed by his Majefty under this aft, or any

4- ferjeant or other perfon duly authorifed by the commander in

or any perion . J , r . .	.	, . nr, r	Jr	,	/	..n	.

authorifed by ch>ef of his Majefty s forces tor that purpole, to enlilr into any

the comman- regiment, battalion, or corps of his Majefty’s regular forces, A—in	any militia man fo difembodied under and by virtue of this aft,

and who is willing to be fo enlifted, and (hall appear fit for fcrvice; and every fuch officer, ferjeant, or other perfon as and willing to aforefaid, enlifting fuch perfon as aforefaid, and every fuch per-ierve in the fan fo enlifting to ferve in his Majefty’s regular forces as afore-iegulariorces. p3jcj^ (hall be freed and difeharged from aft pains, penalties, or forfeitures whatsoever, incurred by reafon of fuch enlifting, entering, or offering to ferve as aforefaid ; any ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this ad contained fhall authorife any officers appointed by his Majefty to enlift and receive militia men under this aft, or any commanding officer, or other officer, or non-comrniffioncd officer, of any regiment, battalion, or corps in his Majefty’s regular forces, or other perfon, to enlift, or per-fuade to enlift, or receive, any militia men other than fuch as (hall have been duly difeharged by the colonel or commanding officer of the militia, to which the perfon defirous of enlifting (hall belong, in cafe fuch man (hall be aftually ferving in the militia, or other than fuch as (hall, have left any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, for the purpofe of being difembodied in manner herein-before mentioned.

XXV.	And be it further enafted, That upon the produftion to the lieutenant or three deputy lieutenants of the county,

lieutenant, of riding, or place, from the militia of which any perfon or per-any mihtia fons difeharged or difembodied under this aft was or were enlifted, of a certificate or certificates, under the hand of any juftice or juftices of the peace of any county, riding, or place in Great Britain, or of any magiftrate of any borough, town, or place therein, of any. fuch private man belonging to the militia having voluntarily enlifted and entered himfelf as aforefaid, and of a like certificate or certificates, under the hands of of men ferving any officer or officers appointed by his Majefty to receive fuch *ortIJe	men, or duly authorifed to enlift any man or men into his iVla-

Ihaif1 notbejefty,s regu^r forces, of fuch man or men having entered into obliged to his Majefty’s regular forces, (which certificates every fuch juf-

baiiotfor tice or magiftrate and officer refpeftiveiy is hereby required to another man.	gjve

A& not to authorife en lilting any militia men unlefs dif- . charged, or to be difembodied, as before-mentioned.

On production of certificate to the

man’s having enliited into the regular forces, he 1hall caufe his name to be difeharged from the lift





1799*] Annoregni tricefimo nono Georgii III. f. 2. c. —5. 473

give£/7J(«), every fuch lieutenant or deputy lieutenants is and are hereby required to caufe the perfon named in fuch certificate to be difeharged from the lift of militia men ferving for fuch county, riding, or place; and the certificate of the number of men to be raifed for the militia of fuch county, riding, or place, to be amended by ftriking out fuch number of men as fhall be enlifted in bis Majefty’s regular forces from the militia of fuch county, riding, or place, by virtue of this a<ft; and the county, riding, or place, for which any private militia man fo enlifted was raifed, (hall not be obliged to ballot for any other in the room of the militia man fo enlifted, but fhall be difeharged from raifing any men to fupply any vacancy occafioned by any enlift-ing under or in purfuance of this aft.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That this aft may be Aft may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any aft or afts to be pa fled in altere^ «r re-this feffion of parliament. 1	j£.th,s

cap. n.

An aft for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand tight hundred. —[Oftober 12, 1799.]

cap. irr.

An aft for continuing and granting to his Majefty a duty on penfions, offices, and pcrfonal eftates in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed ; and certain duties on fugar, malt, tobacco, and fnuff, tor the fervice of the year one thoufandf eight hundred.—

[O&ober 12,1799.]

C A P. IV.

An aft for raifing a certain fum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred ,* and for permitting exchequer bills, ifiued under an aft of the laft fefiion of parliament, for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the confolidated fund, and for other purpofes, if not paid by a certain day, to be received in payment of any of the branches of the publick revenue.—[October 12, 1799.]

The treafury may before April 5, 1800, take loans or iffiie exchequer bills, not exceeding 2.500,cool, agreeably to the directions of the malt aft of this fefiion. The clauies, See. in the malt' aft extended to this aft.

Exchequer bills fo ifiued not to be received in payment of the revenue, or at the exchequer till October 10, 1800. Exchequer bills to be repaid out of the firft five initalments of any loan granted in this feffion, and in default of payment therefrom before Oft. 10, 1800, the fame fhall become chargeable on the confolidated fund after Jan. 5, 1800. Money ilfiied out of the confolidated fund, to be replaced out of the next fup-plies. Bank of England may lend 2,500,000!. on the credit of this aft, notwithftanding 5 and 6 Gul. et Mar. c. 20. or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

Exchequer bills ifiued in purfuance of 39 Geo. 3. c. 114. if not difeharged before April 5, 1800, to be received in payment of any revenue, Ac.

- C A P. V.

An aft for enabling his Majefty to direft the ifTae of exchequer bills to a limited amount, and in the manner therein mentioned, for the relief of the merchants of Liverpool and Lancafter.—[Oftober 1 a, 1799* 3

D,g£zA 

}

CAP. VI.

An aft to enable the lords commiflioners of his Majcfly's treafury to ilTiie exchequer bills to a limited amount, on the credit of fuch monies as may arife by virtue of an aft of the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majelty’s reign, for granting certain additional duties of cuftoms on goods exported and imported ; and on tonnage of (hips entering out-wards or inwards to or from foreign parts, until the figning the pre- : : liminary articles of peace ; and upon an aft of laft feflion of parlia- i ment for granting certain duties upon income.—[Oftober n, 1799 ]

The treafury may, after Oft. 20, 1759, ifTue exchequer bills to the amount of 3,odo,oool viz. 1,500,0001. on the credit of 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. and 1,500,0001. on the credit of 39 Geo. 3. c. 13. payable in three months, to be prepared in manner direfted by 39 Geo. 3. c. ». Exchequer bills fo ifmed not to be received in payment of the revenue or at the exchequer until the fame become payable. The claufes, &c. in 39 Geo. 3. c. 2. extended to this aft. Exchequer bills to bear an in-tereft not exceeding 3 i-2d. percent, per diem. Bank, of England au-thorifed to advance 3,000,oool. on the credit of this aft, notwitManding 5 and 6 Gul.«t Marias, c. 20. or 38 Geo. 3. c. 1.

ii1'

•:C;

cap. vii. .	;

An aft to prohibit, until the firjl day of March one thoufand eight ]'t hundred, the making of low wines or Jpints from wheats barley, ;• malty or other fort of grainy or from any meal, flour, or any I bratiy in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.—[Ofto*	^

ber 12, 1799J	4

preamble. “TT THE RE AS it is expedient that the dif illation of low wines v VV or fpirits, and the making or preparing of wort from wheat, harleyy malt, and all other forts of grainy and from mealy floury or bratiy Jhould be prohibited in that part of Great Britain tolled Scotland y for a limited time: be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent No fpirits to parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, be diitilled froni and after the twentieth day of October one thoufand feven j 4 °in hl,n(fred anc* ninety-nine, until and upon the firft day of March :-Scotland for one thoufand eight hundred, in that part of Great Britain called ■ a certain Scotlandy no low wines or fpirits {hall be brewed, made, pre- j > period. pared, extracted, or diftilled, from any wheat, barley, malt, or , tilts, or any other fort of corn or grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran, or any mixture with the fame.

Penalty of II. And be it further enafted. That if, during the time be-

corn	^0fe

any diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers, of low :• fo dhtilhng°or w*nes or fp*r*ts» or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, attempting fo fliall brew, make, prepare, extraft, or diftil, or caufe or procure , to do.	to be brewed, made, prepared, extrafted, or diftilled, any low

wines or fpirits, from any wheat, barley, malt, or other corn or grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran, or any mixture with the fame, or (hall ufe or mix, or caufe or procure to be ufed or mixed, any wheat, barley, malt, or other corn or grain,	^

or

 

'r\ 1799.] Anno rcgni tricefimo nono Georgr 1 III. C 2. c. 7.	475

or any meal, flour, or bran, or any wort or wafh, in order for the brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or diftilling any low wines or fpirits, or fhail put or Jay, or caufe or procure fo be put or laid, in any tun, wafh batch, cafk, copper, ftdl, or other veflel or utenfil, any wheat, barley, malt, or other corn - ^ or grain, or any meal, flour, or bran, or any mixture with the fame, for the purpofe of preparing any wort or wafh, or for : t brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or diftilling, any low c::r> wines or fpirits, whether fuch tun, walh batch, cafk, copper,

■w-' ftill, or other veffel or utenfil, (hall or fhail not have been or be . duly entered at the excife office, that then and in each and G:v cvery r^e faid cafes fuch diftiller or diflillers, maker or makers, of low wines or fpirits, or other perfon or perfons,

■ p a<3ing contrary to the directions of this aft, and the perfon or -’v' perfons in whofe culVody or pofteflion any fuch tun, wafh batch,

T V cafk, copper, ftill, or other veilei or utenfil, which fhail be made ufe of contrary to the intention of this a<ft, fhail he found, fhail feverally and refpe<ftivcly, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds ; and all fuch wheat, barley, malt, and other corn or grain, and fuch meal, flour, and bran,

* or other mixture with the fame, and fuch wort and wafh, low wines and fpirits, fhail be forfeited, and fhail and may be feized ' by any officer or officers of excife.

;	' III. Provided always neverthelefs, and	be	it further enabled,	Penalty not ro

'T	That nothing in this a<ft contained (hall	extend, or be deemed	*

-1-"	or conftrued to extend, to fubjeCfc any entered	diftiller to the faid	wadi openly

penalty of five hundred pounds, for or	by	reafon of his ex-	brewed on or

trading or diddling any low wines or fpirits from any v;a(l],')etcre0^*I5»

:[*’ openly brewed in his entered diftillery, on or before the fifteenth I799‘

'"‘I day of Oftober one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, m that part of Great Britain called Scotland y any thing in this ac>

Contained to the contrary in anywife notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enabled. That if any wheat, wheat ::	meal, or wheat flour, (hall, within the time herein-before li- ftiilhoufe,

mited, be found in any workhoufe, ftillhoufe, ftorehoufe, ware- after Od. zo, houfe, or any other place, wherein low wines or fpirits, or *799* for-wortor wafh, fhail be preparing, or fhail be brewed, made, ex-1 traded, diftilled, or prepared, or where any low wines or fpirits, a 0 zo° -; J or wort or wafh, fhail have been brewed, made, extracted, dif-& tilled, or prepared, after the twentieth day of October one thou-r.' faod feven hundred and ninety-nine, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ ail fuch wheat, wheat meal, and flour, fhail be forfeited, and fhail and may be feized by any officer or r officers of excife; and the perfon or perfons, in whofe poflef-fion fuch workhoufe, ftillhoufe, ftorehoufe, warehoule, or place,

?>■• fhail be, fhail for every fuch offence refpectively alfo forfeit and :i pay the fum of two hundred pounds.

/ V, And be it further enadied, That during the time herein- Perfons ^au-:(• before limited, it (ball be lawful for any perfon or perfons, who	a

x fhail be authorifed for that purpofe by one or more juftice orJwjth an officer ■' jufticesof the peace, at any time or times with any officer of of excite, en-



excife lbllhoufcSj

&c, to infpeft materials and utenhls, and if the officer fufpe6t corn, &c. to be mixed in wort, he may take a fan. pie.

Penalty of aool. for ob-ftruding infpetfion, or not allowing a fample to be taken•

Corn, &c.

found in ay be feized v^.th the vcflcls.

excife, to enter into any workhoufe, ftillhoufe, ftorehoufe, ware-houfc, or any other place whatfoever, wherein any low wines or fpirits, or wort or waffi (hall be, or are fufpedted to be preparing, or to be brewed, made, or extracted, diftilled or prepared, or wherein low wines or wort,or wafh (hall have been made, brewed, extraded, diftilled,' or prepared, after the faid twentieth day of Ofiober one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and (hall have free admittance into the fame, and may infped all the materials, veftels, and utenfils therein contained, (giving thereby as little interruption as may be to the bufinefs which fhall be carrying on); and in calc any fuch officer of excife fhall have realon to fujpedf that any wheat, barley, malt, or other corn or grain, or any meal, flour, or bran, is mixed in any wort or vvafh, or in any other material or preparation for brewing, making, extrading,, or diftiliing low wines or fpirits, it (hall be lawful for fuch officer, at any time or times during the faid term, upon payment of two (hillings and fixpence, to take a fample not exceeding two quarts of fuch wort or waft, material or preparation, which fhall be found in any fuch houfc or other place aforefaid ; and in cafe any diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers of low wines or fpirits, or the owner or occupier of any fuch houfe or place, or any workman or fervant to anv fuch diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers, or owner or occupier belonging, fhall refufe to admit fuch perfon or perfons as fhall be fo authorifed, or any officer or officers of excife, into any fuch houfe or place, or lhail obftrud or hinder any fuch officer or perfon or perfons in making fuch infpe&ion as aforefaid, or fhall not allow any fuch officer to take fuch fample after the faid lum of two (hillings and fixpence fhall be paid or tendered for the fame, every fuch diftiller or maker, owner or occupier, (hall, for every fuch offence refpe&ively, forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds; and it fhall be lawful for any fuch officer of excife, or other perfon or perfons authorifed as aforefaid, having a warrant for that purpofe from any fuch jufticc or juftices as aforefaid, to feize, take, anti carry away all fuch wheat, barley, malt, or other corn or grain, and all fuch meal, flour, and bran, as fhall be found in any fuch houfe or other place, together with all the veftels, facks, bags, and other things, in which the faid commodities fhall be con-

tained.

After Oft. 20, VI. And be it further enabled, That if any diftiller or maker 1709, diftillers 0f jovv wines or fpirits for fale or exportation fhall, after the thann<fve10re twent‘et^ day °f OSiober one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-quarters of nine, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, be poflefled wheat, See, of, or have in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleffion, or in the (except in cuftody or pofleffion of any perfon or perfons in truft or for forfeit the t0 l^e U^e or ^ene^lt:	fuch	diftiller	or	maker of low wines or

lame, and 10I. fpirits, more than five quarters of wheat, wheat meal, or wheat per quarter, flour, at any one time in any one or more place or places, (not being a place or places for preparing, brewing, making, ex-% trading, diftiliing, or keeping wort or wafh, low wines or

fpirits),

r:r

y

1

1..

 v^ooQle

'I'.1

m

rbrr

hr

S iv ir.

crJ:*

3*!='

;;nr-

.ch i

br^.:

•‘F-

r.e>r

lift-

v

or

ixsff

•r.:'

M-

\'P

,#*

iP

V*

&;:>•

1799.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. f. 2. c. 7.	477

fpirits), every fuch diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers of low wines and fpirits, fhall for every fuch offence refpedHvelv, forfeit all fuch wheat, wheat meal, and flour, exceeding the laid quantity of five quarters, and alfo the fum of ten pounds for every quarter fo forfeited.

VII.	Provided always, That this a<5! fhall not extend to Penafty not to inflift the laid laft mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any e.xttnd to dif-diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, who fhall be the tl)^8ei0n^ aflual grower of wheat, and (hall be poffeifed of any quantity ^heat;

of fuch wheat grown by him or her, in the draw, or after the fame is threfhed out or feparated from the ftraw; provided that fuch wheat (hall not be kept in his or her poffeffion, or in the poffeffion of any other perfon or perfons in truft for him or her, for a greater fpace of time than twenty days afterthe fame (hall be threfhed or feparated from the draw, and fo as fuch wheat be not kept in any place ufed for brewing, making, extracting, or diftilling low wines or fpirits, or for preparing or keeping wort or wafh.

VIII.	Provided alfo. That this act fhall not extend to i nfli61 nor to millers.

the faid laft-mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon anv diftiller 1,1 certam

caies.

or maker of low wines or fpirits who praciifes the trade of a miller, and who was pofleffed of and worked any mill or mills for the grinding of wheat on or before the twentieth day of Oftober one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, for and uJ>on account of any quantity of wheat which (hall during the time herein-before limited be found not wetted or fteeped in any fuch mill or mills; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enabled. That in cafe any officer or On oath of officers, of the excife, or any other perfon or perfons, (hall at £r°l.,n.rf of any time or times have caufe to fufpeCI that any wheat, wheat ^Q^than ** meal, or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of five quarters, five quarters (hall be laid or kept in any fuch ftorehoufe, warehoufe, granary, of wheat, Sec. or other place or places as aforefaid, belonging to any diftiller arekeptin any or maker of low wines or fpirits, contrary to the* true intent ^^officers and meaning of this act, then and in every fuch cafe, upon oath an 1 other made by fuch officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons, perfons may before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace refiding near hc a 111honied the place where fuch officer or officers, or other perfon or per- ^Je^c fons, (hall fufpevft the fame to be laid and kept, fettiug forth the tjie Surplus; .ground of his or their fufpicion, it (hall and may be lawful to and the per-and for the juflice or juftices of the peace before whom fuch ion*ijl w‘J°fe officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons (hall make oath as t0f0r- * aforefaid, (if he or they (hall judge it reafonable), by fpecial fe$t ioi, warrant under his or their refpedHve hands and feals, to autho- per quarter, rife and empower fuch officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons authorifed as aforefaid, by day Or by night, (but if in the night, then in the prefence of a conftable or other lawful officer of the peace), to enter into all and every ftorehoufe, warehoufe, granary, or other place or places, where he or they (hall fo fufpett that any wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, exceeding

 Cj oogle

ceeding the quantity of five quarters as aforefaid, (hall be laid or kept, belonging to any fuch diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers, of low wines or fpirits, and to feize, take, and carry away, all fuch wheat, wheat meal, and flour, as he or they fliail fo find, (over and above the faid quantity of five quarters), together with all the veflels, facks, bags, or other things wherein the fame fhall be contained; and fuch diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers, of low wines or fpirits, or the perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody or pofleflion fuch wheat, wheat meal, or flout, belonging to fuch diftillcr or diftillers, maker or makers, fhall be found, fhall for every fuch offence refpe&ivcly forfeit and pay the faid penalty of ten pounds for every quarter exceeding the faid quantity of five quarters; and the faid officer or officers, and other perfon or perfons, is or arc hereby empowered by fuch wairant, together with fuch other perfon or perfons as he or they ihall take to his or their alfiftance, to enter fuch ftorehoulcs, warehoufes, granaries, and other place or places, and break open the doors thereof in cafe they be not forthwith opened on demand.

Recovery and X. And be it further enafleef. That all fines, penalties, and application of forfeitures, impofed by this a£l, fhall be fued for, recovered,

Doors may be broken open.

penalties.

Contracts Tor lit liw ry of fpirits. See, aficr Oft. zo, 1799, vo‘d.

Limitation of actions.

At\ may be pRaded, and 1 defender may recover txpences.

levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excifc, or by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in the court of exchequer in Scotland, and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majcfty, his heirs and fucceftbrs, and the other moiety to him or them who fhall inform, difeover, or fue for rlie fame.

XI.	And whereas there may have been contracts made by diftillers, with fever al pcrjiiv, jor fpirits, grams, or yea ft, to be delivered and received at future times after the twentieth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; be it therefore enabled, That all contracts or bargains made by any diiiilJeror diftiilers, with any perfon or perfons whatfoever, for any fpirits, grains, or ycaft, to be delivered at any time during the continuance of this acf, fhall be and are hereby declared to be null aud void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XII.	And he it further enabled, That if any aiftion or fuit (hall be commenced againft: any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuancc of this a£r, fuch adion or fuit fhall be com' menced within the foace of one calendar month next after the o fie rice fhall be committed, and the court before whom fuch a&ion or fuit fhall be brought, (ball allow the defenderto plead this ad on his defence, and if the purfuer Ihall not infift on his adlion, or if judgement fhall be,given againft fuch purfuer, the defender Ihall and may recover the full and real expenceshe may have been put to by any fuch adfcion or fuit.

XIII.	And whereas by divers laws now in force, certain annual duties are impofed upon fills ufed for difilling fpirits from com or grain 9 in proportion to the contents of fuch fills: and whereas it is

reafonable

 

I799-] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. f. z. c. 8.	479

reafonable that an allowance Jhould be made for fuch part of the vfual feafon for diflilling during which they may be prevented from work-fiom ing in confequence of this aft; be it enacted, That it fhaJl and may be lawful for the commiflioners of excife in Scotland, or allowance of any four of them, to make fuch allowances to the perfons taking the duties on out fuch licences refpedlively, as fliall appear to the faid com- Mils, for the miffioners, With the approbation of the lords commiftioners of	are

his Majefty’s treafury, or any three of them, to be reafonable. WOrk.

XIv. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That in cafe his His Maie/ty Majefty, at any time or time's after the faid twentieth day of may authorife Oftober one thoufarid feven hundred and ninety-nine, fliall in	of

his royal difcretion judge it to be moft for the benefit and ad- grainf &c.^t vantage of this kingdom to permit the making of low wines any time after and fpiritsfrom wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of grain, Od. 20,1799. or from any meal, flour, or bran, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, by his royal proclamation or y proclamations, to-be iflued by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his Majefty's order in council, to be publifhed in the London Gazette, from time to time, to permit and fuffer	,

all and every perfon and perfons, natives and foreigners, (but • f not any particular perfon or perfons), at any time or times after the faid twentieth day of Oftober one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, to make low wines and fpirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

An aft for reducing, until the firft day of June one thoufand eight hundred, the duties upon Jpirits diflilled from melaffes or fugar, or any mixture therewith; for prohibiting the difiillation of fpirits from wheat or wheat flour; and for reducing, until the twentieth day of September one thoufand eight hundred, and better col-lefting the duties payable on the importation of Jlarch.—[0£iobci;

12, I799.J

HEREAS it is expedient that a certain proportion of the Preamble.

duties of excife now payable upon wort or wafh brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, from melaffes or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for home -mfumption, Jhould be reducedfor a limited tunc: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be cna&ed; and be it ena<fted by the King’s moft: excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the Certain prd-fame, That the feveral and refpedtive proportions following of PJ)rt*on? °f the feveral duties of excife berein-after mentioned, granted and “*^1^ impofed by the' feveral and refpedliv„e adts herein-after men- diftilled from tioned, upon any wort or wa(h brewed or made in that part of melatfes or Great Britain called England, from melafles or fugar, or any fu^r j°rEn^“ ‘ mixture therewith; that is to fay, Two-pence three farthings ^uJcj1UISar

CAP. VIII.

Voi. XLll

Iz

of June 1,1 too.

480 Anno regni trkefimo nono Georgii III. f. 2. c. 8. [1799.

'	of the duty of eight-pence three farthings, granted by an aft

pafled in the t wenty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty’sreign; one halfpenny of the duty of one penny halfpenny, granted by an ad pafled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, made perpetual by an ad pafled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty; one halfpenny of the duty of one penny halfpenny, granted by an aft pafled in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty; one halfpenny of the duty of one penny halfpenny, granted by an aft pafled in the thirty.fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty; and one halfpenny <ef the duty of one penny halfpenny, granted by an ad parted in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, amounting in the whole to the fum of four-pence three farthings, out of the whole amount of the faid duties of one (hilling and two-pence three farthings, by the faid feve-ral afts granted, (hall, from and after the parting of this ad, be difeontinued until and upon the firft day of June one thouland eight hundred.

Diftillers for II. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That during home con-^ the continuance of this aft, every diftiller of fpirits for home mixTureaof confumption in that part of Great Britain called England, from zndafc* or any mixture of melafles or. fugar with corn or grain, (hall, in fugar with #	the books or accounts of the officers of excife, be entitled tot

credit of twenty gallons of fpirits and no more, at the ftrength credit^ofao 006 to ten ovcr hydrometer proof, for every one hundred gallons of wort or wa(h, made or brewed by fuch diftillers from any fuch mixture; provided, that if fuch diftiller (hall extraft more than twenty gallons of fpirits, at the ftrength aforefaid, for every one hundred gallons of wort or wa(h, found in his, her, or their cuftody or pofleflion, he or they fhall forfeit and pay the fum of five millings for every gallon of fpirits fo extracted above the proportion aforefaid.

III. And whereas by the laws new in force, diflilters or makers of fpirits from corn or grain are prohibited from making ufe of any melaffes, coarfe fugar, or any compofaion or extrafl of fugar, in the brewing, making, or preparing wajh for dif illation, or in making or extra fling fpirits, and from receiving or taking into bis cuftody or pojjejfion any fuch melaffes, coarfe fugar, or compofition or extraft as aforefaid, exceeding ten pounds weight: and whereas it is expedient to fufpend the faid prohibitions; be it therefore enafted. That the faid prohibitions tihall be, and the fame are hereby fufpended until

_____^ the firft day of June one thoufand eight hundred; any aft or

Diftillersufing	parliament to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

wheat in	IV. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That, from

making wort, and after the parting of this aft, no diftiller or diftillers, or t^>rfcid maker or makers of fpirits, fhall apply, fpend, confume, or make fons atfiftingH* u^c	or caufe, procure, permit, or fuffer to be applied, fpent,

therein to for* confumed, or made ufe of, any wheat or wheat flour in the frit ftoL or be brewing, making, or preparing any wort or wafh, for making

rflJTUTl’ittfd to _ ....	11! „ ^	. nn/l If An*. /It	A.

gallons of fpirits for every too of wafh, and (hall forfeit 5s. per gallon for the fur-

plus.

Certain prohibitions fufpended till /unc i, 1800.

a>mra»tted to or CXfra£ting fpirits ; and if any diftiller or diftillers, or maker region for*" or makers of low wines or fpirits, fhall apply, fpend, confume, tin ee months. 1	01

snake i ^;co: sh-

^ c

(

Mrc

p

fiftror

^;2D

;

*i(





j *3.



sV .

h



v: '■ ;n >«i3

*

‘>to.

'*• 4



^ t

^ u-,'^i

■ **«r $

 t^ooQle

1799*] Anno negni tricefimo nono GeorOii HI# C 2. c, 8. 481

■> or make ufe of, or caufe, procure, permit, or fuffer to be applied, fpent, confumed, or made ufe of, any wheat or wheat flour, in the brewing, making, or preparing any wort or wa(h, for

*	jnaking or extradling fpirits, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this z6t; the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall,

is foreaclrand every fuch offence, forfeit and Jofe the fum of five hundred pounds; and every fervant of fuch diftiller of diftillers,, o	maker or makers of (pints, and every other perfon who fhall be

f	aiding and aflifting in the applying, fpending, con fuming, or

>	making ufe of ^my wheat or wheat flour, in the brewing, making, or preparing any wort or wafh for making or extraCt-

$ ing fpirits, or in carrying or conveying the feme into the houfe,

.0 dill houfe, or other place ufed by fuch diftiller or diftillers, maker - or makers, of low wines or fpirits, in the brewing, making, or preparing fuch wort or wafh, (hall alfo forfeit and lofe, for every fuch offence, the fum of twenty pounds, and in default ^ of payment thereof, immediately upon convidlion, (hall be liable to fuffer three months imprifonment in the houfe of cor-region, and to be kept to hard labour during fuch imprifon-^ ment.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed. That nothing A& not to ex-!. in this act contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to Mafdfon*6 extend, to the manufacture of fpirits called Maid/hne Geneva, geneva manu-ly	carried on at Maidfione, in the county of Kent, by fir William ta<3ory,except

^	Bijbopy George Bijbop, and Argles Bijhop, or any or either of a? to the pro-

them, feve and except fo far as this aCl prohibits any diftiller or nf^of wheat6 diftillers from fpending, confuming, or making ufe of any wheat o/wheat v or wheat flour in the brewing, making,, or preparing any wort flour.

J or wa(h for leaking or extracting of fpirits.

>	VI. And whereas by an a£i, made in the twenty feventh year of the reign of bis prefent Majefiy5 for repealing the feveral duties of X

•'	cujioms ana excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof	and for

.	other purposes a certain duty of cufloms of five pounds five	Jhillings

'and eight-pence is impofed for every hundred weight of Jlarch im~

‘, ported into Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient that for a	,

limited time the duties on Jlarch imported Jbould be lowered; be it v therefore ena&ed, That, from and after the twentieth day of A proportion V December one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and until °f duty °f \	and upon the	twentieth day of	September	one thoufand eight ^fcontinued6

*7	hundred, three	pounds nineteen	(hillings	and four-pence	per on ftarch im-

hundred weight of ftarch, part of the faid duty of cuftoms im- ported into f	pofed upon ftarch imported into Great Britain, fhall	be and	Great Britain

^	the fame is hereby discontinued for and in refpeCl of	all fuch	^	^nd 12-

7	ftarch as fhall	be imported into Great Britain after the	faid fore9Sept. 20]

;	twentieth day	of December one	thoufand	feven hundred	and 1800.

J ninety-nine, and before the faid twentieth day of September one 'I thoufand eight hundred.

.7 VII. And be it, further ena&ed, That in every entry or re-In the entry port of any ftarch imported or brought into this kingdom to be ftarch im-

*	  "	'	'	"	P or veffd, to porftymcc

fourteenth years of the packages, and reign the numbers

Diaitized bv vL ’ vTv iv

Digitized b}

4.82 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. f. 2. c. 8. [1799-

and marks on reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An qR for prevent* feltedton>e a?n frau^s ar^ replating abnfes in his Majejifs cuftoms^ the num-o?forfeiture° ber °f ca^s> chefts, cafes, bags, or other packages, with the with the pack* particular numbers and marks of each of them, on board of ages.	each refpeclive (hip or veiTel, (hall be inferted, on pain, for

every neglect or refufal thereof, to forfeit fuch (larch, with the ca(k, cheft, cafe, bag, or other package, wherein the fame (hail be contained, which fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwith(landin|.

St.irch im- VIII. And be it further ena6led, That whenever any (larch we^hed^by11 imPortcd or brought into this kingdom (hall, in order to afcer-the officers of tain the duties payable thereon, have been weighed by the pro-the cuftoms, per officer or officers of the cuftoms, the proper officer or officers (hall be fe- <>f the cuftoms (hall fecure the fame until the delivery thereof untddelivered *nto t*le charge and cuftody of the proper officer or officers of to the officers excife, and upon the delivery thereof into the cuftody of the of excife, and proper officer or officers of excife, the importer or importers, thereupon the proprietor or proprietors, or confrgnee or confignees thereof, deposit ^ (ball, at his, her, or their own proper cofts and charges, remove where direft- all fuch (larch to and depofit the fame in fuch convenient houfe, ed, and when warehoufe, or place, as the proper officer or officers of excife required wrap (ball dirccl; and thereupon fuch importer or importers, pro-pers^hbdit Pr,etor or proprietors, or confignec or confignees, (hall, on foasto pre- being required by the proper officer or officers of excife fo to vent the open-do, immediately wrap all fuch (larch in papers of the colours, irig of the or one 0f them, herein-after mentioned, and no other, cadi tearffi^the°Ut	containing not lefs than* four pounds weight, nor

label, &c. on niore than feven pounds weight of (larch ; and alfo tie up every penalty of	fuch wrapper where the ends of the paper containing fuch (larch

jool	(hall be folded, and alfo ftrongly affix or pafte, with warm pafte

made from glue, on the outfide of every fuch wrapper, after the fame (hall be fo tied, a label of very thin paper, three inches long and three inches broad at the Jeaft, and of a different colour from the paper in which the llarch (hall be wrapped, that is to fay, If fuch (larch (hall be wrapped in blue or brown paper, the faid label (hall be with white, and if fuch (larch (hall be wrapped in white paper, fuch label (hall be blue; and (hall alfo affix and pafte every fuch label on the foldings of both ends of the paper enclofing fuch a quantity of (larch, and in fuch a manner as to prevent the opening of the faid paper containing fuch (larch without tearing fuch label; and the proper officer or officers of excife (hall attend to fee fuch llarch papered and tied in manner aforefaid, and fuch label affixed and pafted on every fuch paper containing fuch (larch; and fuch officer or officers fhall caufe every fuch label affixed and pafted on every fuch paper containing (larch to be (lamped or fealed, with fuch (lamp or feal as (hall be provided hy the com mi (Doners of excife in England and Scotland refpe&ively for that purpofe; and if any fuch importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or confignee or confignees of (larch, imported or brought into

this

 v^ooQle,

trr ic .

rr

b£

cC:

•os

;i!r-

:r&-

■ii

?.n-

*eiv

fci

jfcc

& '

#

4*

I :<

\V

&:■

i*;:

f)

f'

£■

&

#3



1799.] Annorcgaitricefimonono Georgii III. f. 2.c. 8.	483

this kingdom, (hall negledl or refufe fo to remove any fuch ftarch, or to depofit the fame as aforefaid, or to wrap any fuch ftarch in paper as aforefaid, or to tie up any fuch paper as aforefaid, or to affix or pafte any fuch label as aforefaid, all and every fuch importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or con-fignee or confignees, fo offending {hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds. /

IX.	And be it further enabled. That the commiffioners of9ommi^' ^ , excife, or the major part of them,, in England and Scotland re-cife to8provide fpe&ively, fhalJ provide proper (lamps or feals for the (lamping anc| diibibute or fealing the labels affixed or pafled on paper containing all lhmps for (larch which (hall be imported or brought into this kingdom, labels.

and prepared in purfuance of this a<5t, and (hall caufe fuch

(lamps or feals to be diftributed to the proper officers of excife

for the purpofe before-mentioned; which officers are hereby Officers t° do

enjoined and required, in ufing the fame, to do no hurt or ^

damage, or the lead hurt or damage that may be to the (larch, uiin<* them.

or to the paper wherein the fame (hall be fo wrapped; which

(lamps or feals (hall and may be varied, altered, or renewed,

from time to time, as the faid commiffioners of excife refpec-

tivety, or the major part of them refpe&ively, (hall think fit.

X.	And be it further enacted, Thar if any perfon or perfons Perfons coun-fhall at any time forge or counterfeit any (lamp or feal, to re- ^taring femble any (lamp or feal which (ball be provided in purfuance death* of this act, for (lamping or fealing (larch imported, or (hall an(j perfons* counterfeit or refemble the impreffion of the fame upon any felling ftarch paper containing any (larch, thereby to defraud his Majcfty, them, or his heirs or fucceffors, of any of the duties upon ftarch, then ftarch every perfon fo offending, being thereof convicted in due form other than

of law, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death, as in that (tamped cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy $ and if any perfon or by the officer, perfons (hall at any time fell any ftarch, with any fuch forged to fQr^clt 2o°l* or counterfeited ftamp, feal, or impreffion thereon, knowing the fame to be forged and counterfeited, and with an intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, of any of the duties upon ftarch, or fhati knowingly, with intent to defraud his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, of any of the duties upon ftarch, fix, or caufe to be fixed, the label of any paper (lamped or fealed according to the directions of this act, to any ftarch other than that which was inclofed in fuch paper, at the time when the label thereof was (lamped or fealed by the proper officer or officers of excife, according to the directions of this aft, every perfon fo offending (hall, tor every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.*	Imported-

XI.	And be it further enacted. That if any ftarch imported ftarch found

or brought into this kingdom (hall be found in any place be- not legally longing to anv ftarch maker, or dealer irv ftarch, or in	.

cuftody or poffeffion of any perfon or perfons to or for the ufe £*t^	9

or benefit of any fuch. maker or makers, or dealer or dealers in packages, and fuch ftarch, not being wrapped in paper as aforefaid, or wrapped the perfons in in paper which (hall be found not (lamped or labelled as afore-

^ 1 3	feit aool.

484 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. £ 2. c. 8. [1799.

faid, ail fuch ftarch (hall be forfeited, together with all and Angular the cafks, chefts, cafes, bags, or other packages, contain* ing the fame $ and fuch ftarch, cafks, chefts, cafes, bags, and other packages refpe6tively,(hall and may be feixed by any officer * ' or officers of the cuftoms or excife; and the ftarch maker, or dealer in ftarch, to whom fuch place (hall belong, and alfo fuch other perfbn or perfons as aforefaid, in whofe poffeffion fuch ftarch (hall be found, (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

Aft not to ex- XII. Provided always neverthelefs. That nothing in this aft tcn<|	contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to

powder, or ^forfeit any fuch ftarch which (hall have been imported into this inanufaftur- kingdom, nor any fuch cafk, cheft, cafe, bag, or other package ing into hair containing the fame, for or by reafon of fuch ftarch being found powder, or not wrapped in paper (lamped or labelled as laft aforefaid, fuch ftarch °not ftarch being made into hair powder, or being taken out of the exceeding papers in the pofleffion of any hair powder maker, or blue maker, 281b. taken , for the purpofe of immediately manufacturing the fame into hair °*ntffel °Ur" P0W(^cr> or *nto or any quantity of ftarch, not exceeding ren a c* twenty-eight pounds weight, in the pofleflion of any dealer in, or feller of, ftarch, and taken out of the papers for immediate or current fale ; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

Xill. And whereas it may happen, that the paper wherein any Jlarch imported (hall be contained after the fame has been (lamped as aforefaid may by accident be broken or damaged, be it therefore en-Starch legally aCted, That when the paper wherein any fuch ftarch (hall be ftamped may contained (hall by any accident be broken or damaged, and the k*!*■P5jPcrc<* ftarch maker or dealer in ftarch, to whom the fame belongs, ed when pa-* Awdl dpfirous of having'the fame re-papered and re>ftamped, pers are acci- fuch maker or dealer (hall give to the proper officer or officers of dentally da- excife, within whofe furvey he or (he (hall be, twenty-four hours maged. notice, in writing, that fuch maker or dealer defires to have fuch ftarch re-papered and re-ftamped, that thereupon, and upon the production of fuch broken paper, with the label, and (lamp or leal thereof, to fuch officer or officers, and leaving the f3me with him or them, it (hall be lawful for fuch officer or officers being fatbfied that fuefi ftarch had before been duly ftamped or fealed as aforefaid, and that the paper or papers containing the fame had been broken or damaged by accident, as foon as is Convenient after the expiration of fuch twenty-four hours, to re-ftamp or re-feal fuch ftarch, the fame being re-papered and tied, and fuch label as aforefaid being affixed thereon in manner herein-before directed.

Perfons ob- XIV. And be it further enafted, That, if any perfon or per-ftru&ine offi- fon6 q^jj 0bftrU(q or hinder any officer or officers of the cuftoms Qr exc^c *n execution of any of the powers and authorities to him or them given by this act, the perfon or perfons offending therein {hall, for every fuch offence, (for which no other penalty is by this a<ft impofed), forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds

XV. And

 LiOOQle

I

,1:7

iizi

liVS

y;iv£

disk

i,i(3 y-

to^:

:r si-: oiheif^

hisf!5;

iiae*-;

3! ft*'3’ orbi-*^ titnt®'

;

arr*

iU^

! <$ ^ cr?f: for^;

ntV'

-AV'1



>10 jn^

t

ij^;,

jO^1' ’ *&

i#t!

.it S',



1799.] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii Uf. f. 2. c. 8.	485

XV.	And be it further enafted, That all fines, penalties, and Recovery and forfeitures created or impofed by this aft, and which (hall be fi^es^Sed^m-fued for or profecuted under or by virtue of the order or per- by the cuf-miffion of the commiflioners of the cuftoms in England ard toms.

Scotland refpeftively, or by any officer or officers of the cuftom<,

(hall and may be fued for, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of, in fuch manner, and by fuch ways and means and methods, as any fines or penalties incurred, or any goods forfeited for any offence againft the laws of cuftoms, may now legally be fued for, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of; and the officer or officers of the cuftoms concerned in any fuch feizure or profecution (hall be entided to and receive fuch (hare of the produce arifing from the feizures, as they are now by law entitled to upon profecutions of feizures for unlawful importations, and to fuch (hare of the produce arifing from any pecuniary penalty or compofition paid for any offence againft this aft, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to, upon profecutions for pecuniary penalties.

XVI.	And be it further enafted, That all fines, penalties, Recoveiy and and forfeitures impofed by this aft, and which (hall be fued for application of by order of the commiflioners of excife in England or Scotland by^he^xcife* refpeftively, or by any officer or officers of excife, (hall be fued

for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by fuch ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeftminJier, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpeftively; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who Will inform, difeover, or fue for the fame.

XVII.	And be it further enafted. That if any aftion or fuit Limitation of (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing aftions. done in purfuance of this aft, fuch aftion or fuit (hall be commenced within the fpace of one calendar month next after the

offence (hall be committed; and if fuch aftion or fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted in that part of Great Britain called England the defendant or defendants, in any fuch aftion or fuit, may plead the general iflue, and give this aft and the fpecial Qeneral (flue matter, in evidence, *at any trial to be had thereupon, and that ®a7 Plead-the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft;e mEnElan<i» and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, thejury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plantifx (hall be non* fuited, or difeontinue his aftion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdift or demurrer againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hail and may recover treble cofts, and have Treble calls, the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law 5 and if fuch aftion or fuit be commenced or profecuted in that part of Gnat Britain called Scotland, the court before whom fuch aftion or fuit (hall be	may be

brought, (hall allow the defender to plead this aft in his defence, pleaded in

ll a	ftndScotland,and

*	Digitized	by	Vj(T0^2LC

488 Anno regni tricefimo nono Gsorgii III. f. 2. c. 11. [1799.

fequence of the loan of eight millions, in the faid jirfi recited. aft mentioned) or for or in confequence of the loan of eleven Millions, part of a certain loan of fifteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, raifed by an aft of the lajl fiffion of parliament; be it therefore enadted by the king's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the autho-oj^oniM^011	^ame> That ail the monies ariling from the faid rates

arifing under an(* afleffinents, or from payments at the bank of England, in recited ads. purfuance of or under any of the faid recited ads, that have been or fhall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer, which (hall remain after the ifluing or reserving at the receipt of exchequer fuch fums as (hall be fufficient for the feveral purpofes mentioned in the faid recited ad pafled in the laft feffion of parliament, for explaining and amending the faid ad of the laft feflion of parliament, for granting certain duties on income^ ac* cording to the provilions of the faid two laft-mentioned ads, as far as the faid provifions relate to the fervices voted by the commons for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, and to the payment and difcharge of all annuities, intereft, and dividends, payable in conlequence of the faid loan of eight millions therein mentioned, (hall, from and after the paffing of this ad, from time to time as the fame (hall arife and be paid into the receipt of exchequer, be ilfued and applied either to the fervices voted by the commons of Great Britain, for the fervice.of the year one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, or (hall be voted by the faid commons for the fervice of any fubfequent year, not exceeding ten millions in any one year; or for the purpofe of carrying to the account of, or to replace to the confolidated fund all fuch monies as (hall have been, or (hall hereafter be, ifliicd out of the faid confolidated fund, or which (hall at any time hereafter be iffuable out of the confolidated v	fund, for the payment and difcharge of ail annuities, intereft,

and dividends, which (hall have, or (nail become payable in confequence of the faid loan of eight millions, and of the faid loan of eleven millions, herein-before-mentioned j or of any other loan or loans which fhall hereafter be charged on the faid rates and duties by any aft or a<5ls, or for the purchafe of publick annuities, to the amount of the publick annuities created on the faid two feveral loans of eight millions and eleven millions refpedfively, or which may hereafter be created on any other *	loan or loans as aforefaid $ and the commiffioners of his Majef-

ty’s treasury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorifed and required to iflue and apply the fame, either for the fervices of each year fucceflively to the amount yearly as aforefaid, or to the carrying to the account of, or to the replacing to the confolidated fund, all fuch monies as aforesaid, as they or he (hall think moft expedient and advifeablej and after applying fuch part of the faid monies as (hall be fuffi-s	eient for the purpofes aforefaid, or referving the fame at the

receipt



Gc 3gle

1799*] Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii TIL C i. c. 12. 489

receipt of exchequer, to apply the furplus of the faid monies arifing from the faid rates, afleflments, and duties, in manner directed by the faid firft recited a& of the laft feflion of parliament.

CAP XII.

An aft to enable the commiffioners of the cujloms to allow, until the firjl day of April one thoufand eight hundred, Britifh plantation fugars to be warehoufed; to revive fo much of an ally made in the thirty fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as relates to the afcertaining the average price of fugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback on the exportation thereof; and for allowing, until the fifth day of May one thoufand eight hundred\ certain drawbacks on fugar exported.—[October 12, 1799.]

WHEREAS from the increafed importation of fugar into this Preamble.

kingdom in the prefent year, and from other circumftances which have recently occurred, the owners and conjignees thereof are utterly unable to find an immediate market for large quantities now on handy and a further importationl to a confiderable extent is expelledj and it is therefore expedient that further time Jbould be given for the * payment of duties on fuch fugar imported, or to be imported into Great Britain after the paying of this ally for which the duties have not already been paid: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enadled by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament • affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and Until April 1, after the parting of this ad, and until the firft day of April one l8o°* thoufand eight hundred, it {hall be lawful for the commiffioners ofTmtoros1^ of the cuftoms for the time being, ir\ England and Scotland re- may take bond fpe&iyely, to take bond to his Majefty from the importer or im- for the duties ^porters, proprietor or proprietors, configneeL or confignees, ofon any Britifh plantation fugar, for the payment of the duties fng^import-chargeable upon any fnch fugar imported into any port in Great ed into Great Britain at any time after the parting of this ad, or upon any fuch Britain; fugar in refped whereof fuch duties {hall not have been paid be-fore the palling of this ad; and all fugars fo bonded as aforefaid	^ncHf

{hall be lodged and feeured at the foie expence of the importer the duties are or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees'not paid thereof, under the joint locks of his Mr.jefty and fuch importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees	fold,

thereof, in fuch warehoufe or warehouses as (hall be fit for that purpofe, and {hall be approved of by the faid commiffioners of the cuftoms in England or Scotland\ as the cafe may be* and fuch fugar (hall not be delivered, cleared, or taken from any fuch warehoufe, unlefs or until the full duties due and payable thereon (hall be firft paid to the proper officer of the cuftoms \ and if the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees of fuch fugar (hall omit, negle&, or refufe to pay and fatisfy all the duties due and payable in refpeft of

fuch





39 Geo, 3 c. 63.

3* Geo. 3 c. 43.

36 Geo. 3. <. 18.

490 * Anno regni trlceiimo nono Georg 11 III. f. 2. c. 12. [1799.

fuch fugar within fix months from the date of any bond given under this adl for the payment of the duties upon fuch fugar as aforefaid, it fliall be lawful for the commiffioners of the cuftoms in .

England and Scotland reflectively, at the expiration of fuch period as aforefaid, to caufe fuch fugar to be publicity fold to the beft bidder, at fuch places as the faid commiffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpectively Ihail think proper, and out of the proceeds of fuch fale to fatisfy fuch duties, together with all fuch expences as (hall have arifen relating to any luch fugar j and the overplus (if any be) (hall be paid to the ithporter or importers, prpprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees of fuch .fugar, or fuch other perfon or perfons as (hall be authorifed to receive the fame.

II.	And whereas by an aft paffed in the laft feffion of parliament for granting to his Majefly certain additional duties on fugar imported and exported, and on coffee exported, and for reducing the drawbacks allowed on the exportation of fugary certain provifions of an aft pajfed in the^ thirty ffecond year of the reign of bn prefent Majejly for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of fugar, and for other purpofesy as far as the fame related to the ajeertaining the average price of fugar in manner in the faid aft mentioned, or of regulating the allowance of drawback, or the payment of the bounty on the exportation of fugar, was repealed: and whereas it is expedient that the full drawback and bounty direfted to be withheld by an aft of the thirty ffixth year of the reign of his prefent Majcjly, and by an aft of the la/l fffion cf parliament, foouii be allowed in certain cafes: and whereas it thereby becomes neceffary that the feveral provifions of the faid aft of the thirty ffccond year of the reign of his prefent Majcjly, as far as the Jams relate to the afeertaining the average price of fugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback, or the payment of bounty on the exportation of jit gar y Jloould be revived \ be it therefore enabled. That, from and after the pafling of this a$, the faid act palfed in the thirty-fccond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and all the claufe'., provifions, powers, authorities, directions, and regulations therein contained, as far as the fame or're latm^ ^ate t0 Pertaining the average price of fugar in the manner the drawback therein mentioned, or of regulating the all6wance of drawback, and bounty on or the payment of the bounty on the exportation of fugar, (ball exportation of be* and the fame are hereby revived, and (hall be and remain in fugar,revived. fu]j force during the continuance of this adt, except as any fuch provifions, directions, or regulations are herein altered, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if all the faid claufes, provifions, powers, authorities, and di-' regions, were repeated and re-enacted in the body of this prefent a<51; any thing in the faid adt of the laft feifion of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

Until Jan. 5, III. And be it further euadied. That, from and after the 1800, the pafling of this ad, ajid until the fifth day of January one thou-? and'bounty on	^unc^re^>the whole of the drawbacks and bounty paid

$2 Geo. 3* c. 43. as far as relates to afeertaining the averag-

 v^ooQle

1799*1 Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. f. 2.c. or payable on the exportation of fugar, directed to be withheld by the faid ads of the thirty-fixth and thirty-ninth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, fhall be paid and allowed in like mariner, in every refpedf, and fubjetft to ami under and according to the like rules and regulations, as any drawbacks or bounties were paid or allowed before the patting of the a£I of the laft feflion of parliament; and during all fuch time as aforcfaid, the whole of the duty impofed by an aS of the la ft: feftion of parliament upon fugar imported into Great * Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, and warehoufed according to law, and fold at the falcs of the faid company, fhall, as to all fuch fugar as (hall be exported during the time laft aforefaid, be, and the fame is hereby wholly dif-continued; any thing contained in the faid a£t of the laft: feftion of parliament to the contrary iiotwithftancling.

IV.	And be it further enabled. That if, on the fifth day of January and the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred, it fhall appear by notice in The London Gazette^ in manner directed in the faid ad of the thirty-fccond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, that the average prices of brown or Mufcovado fugar, taken in the manner dire&ed by the faid ad made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty for the fix weeks preceding, fhall not have exceeded feventv (hillings for an' hundred weight, inclufive of the duties of cuftoms paid orpayable thereon on the importation into Great Britain, then and in every fuch cafe the whole of the drawbacks and bounty paid or payable on the exportation of fugar, direded to be withheld by the faid ad of the thirty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and by the faid ad of the laft feftion of parliament, (hall be paid and allowed in like manner, in every refped, and fubjed to and under and according to the like rules and regulations, as any drawbacks and bounties were paid and allowed before the patting of the faid act of the laft feftion of parliament, by any ad or ads of parliament, except as any fuch rules or regulations are altered by this ad; and the whole of the duty itnpofed by an ad of the laft feflion of parliament, upon fugar imported into Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafl Indies, and warehoufed according to law, and fold at the fales of the faid company, (hall, upon the delivery thereof out of the warehoufes for exportation during the time of any drawbacks or bounties being paid or allowed under this ad, be and the fame are hereby wholly difeontinued; any thing in the faid ad of the laft feflion of parliament contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further cnaded. That this ad fhall, as to all the matters and things herein contained relating to the paying and allowing any drawback or bounty, or difeontinuing any duty under this ad, have continuance until the fifth day of May one thoufand eight hundred.

12.	491

fugar direded to be withheld by the recited ads of 36 and 39 Geo. 3. to be allowed; and the duty impofed by the faid ad of 39 Geo. 3. on lugar imported by the liaft India company and warehoufed, to be difeontinued.

If on Jan 5, and April 5, 1800, the average price of Mufcovado fugar, taken as direded by 32 Geo. 3. c. 43. ftiall not have exceeded 708. per cwt. the drawbacks and bounty withheld by 36 Geo. 3. and 39 Geo. 3. to be paid, and the faid duties on fugar imported by the Eaft India company and warehoufed, to be difeontinued on delivery of the fugar fonex-portation.

Continuance of ad, as to drawback or bounty, or difeontinuing duty.

CAP.

 

49i Anno regni tricefimo nono Georgii III. f. 2 .c. 13—15* f1799*

CAP. XIII.

An a A for allowing further time for the payment of inftalments on certain fums of money, advanced by way of loan, to fevcral perfons connected with and trading to the iflands of Grenada and St. Vincent.— [October xa, 1799.]

CAP. XIV.

M aft	for empowering bis	Majefly to the time for the meeting

of parliament in cafes of adjournment.—[October 12, 1799.]

Preamble. 37 Geo. 3, c. 1*7.

^THEREAS by an aft pajfed in the thirty-/even th year of the

His Maiefty may iflue his royal procla-

day.

How orders made by par-

^^eemed^to ment> anc* appointed for the day to which fuch houfe of parlia-

withftanding any previous adjournment of the houfes of parliament |o any longer day, and notwithftanding any former law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary.	^

II. And be it further enafted, That all and fingular the order or orders which (hall have been made by either houfe of parlia-

have been appointed.

meat (hall have been adjourned, or to any day or days fubfequent thereto, other than and except any order or orders that (hall have been fpecially appointed for particular days by either houfe of parliament, and declared to be fo fixed, notwithftanding any meeting of parliament under this aft, and alfo except any order or orders made under the proviftons of any aft of parliament, fhall be deemed and taken to have been appointed for the day on which the parliament Ihall meet in purfuance of fuch proclamation.

CAP. XV.

.An aft for continuing, until the expiration of fix weeks after the com-^ mencement of the next feflion of parliament, an aft, made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An

* aft tor empowering his Majefty for a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the fervices or fuch

parts of his militia forces ia this kingdom, as may voluntarily offer themfelves to be employed in Ireland.— t February 19* 1800.]

CAP*

reign of his prefent Majefty, provifeon is made for empowering his Majefty, his heirs and fuccejfors, to Jhorten the time required for giving notice of the meeting of parliament for the difpatch of bufmefs, in the cafe of a prorogation of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that a like power Jhould be given to his Majefty, his heirs and fuccejfors, in cafts of the adjournment of parliament: be it therefore enafted by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiriiual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, in ail cafes where both houfes of parliament fhall (land adjourned for more than four-mafion for theteen days from the day of the date of the proclamation herein-meeting of after mentioned, it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his parliament in heirs and fuccefiors, to ifliie his and their royal proclamation, i^days froAi and with the advice of his and their privy council, thereby the date, not- declaring that the faid parliament (hall meet on a day, being not withftanding lefs than fourteen days from the day of the date of fuch procla-any previous mation, and the houfes of parliament (hall thereupon (land ad-to^a longern* journed to the day and place declared in fuch proclamation, not-

®	1IM f h ft A vs/I 1 ts/> a	1	Aitr	AniAilKMrMArvS	/>	t	»	U	U	/m	I	r\£ r\ fk.«»I • *1 _



EU

tffr

fc

k'r

h

Cv;

prr'

h

*

r:%

b.

ir







1800.] Anno rejgni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 16—18.	493

CAP. XVI.

An aft for continuing, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next feflion of parliament, an aft, made in the thirty* feventh year of the reign of his prelent Majdty, intituled, Ad aft for the better prevention and punilnmerit of attempts to feduce perfons lerving in his Majefty's forces, by fea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majefty, or to incite them to mutiny or difobe- • dience.—[February 19, 1800.]

CAP, XVII.

An aft to continue, until the firft day of March, one thoufand eight hundred and three, an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for eltablifhing courts of judicature in the ifland of Newfoundland; and to continue, until the expiration of forty days after the commencement of the next feflion of parliament, feveral laws relating to the admilfion of certain articles of merchandize in neutral (hips, and the ifluing of orders in council for that purpofe $ to the authorifing his Majefty to make regulations reipefting the trade to the Cape of Good Hope ; and to the enabling his Majefty to permit goods to be imported into tins kingdom in neutral ihips.—

[February 19, 1800,]

CAP. XVIII.

An nft to prohibit, until the expiration of fix we eh after the com- ' mencement of the next feffon of parliament, any perfon or per font from felling any bread which /hall not have been baked a certain time.—[February 20, iSoo.j

WHEREAS it is expedient to reduce at much as pojfble at the Preamble.

prefent moment the conftmption of wheat four : and whereat it appears that a confulerable faving would ari/ey if bread was pro-hibited from being fold until it had been baked a certain time: be it enafted by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall not be lawful for any baker or other Perfons refid-perfon or perfons, refiding within the cities of London and TVeft- ing in London minfter, and the bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the ^arufSe1" Royal Exchange, after the twenty-fixth day of February one thou- 0f mor-> fand eight hundred, or refiding in any other part of Great Britain, tality, &c. after the fourth day of March one thoufand eight hundred, to after Feb. *$f fell, or offer or expofe to fale, any bread, until the fame (hall have been baked twenty-four hours at the leaft; and every baker^^MJSrh4, or other perfon or perfons who (hall a£t contrary hereto, or offend not to fell, or herein, (hall for every offence forfeit and pay the fum of five expofe to fale, pounds for every loaf of bread fo fold, offered, or expofed t0 fale; which penalty (hall and may be recovered before any one baked^n ** or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county, penalty of 5!, city, or place where the offence (hall be committed, upon the for each loaf, oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes (which oath Penalty to be fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby empowered to adminif-

ler)»and divided #

 CjOOQlC

between the informer and the poor of the parifh.

No perfon, where any af-fize (hall have been duly put in execution, to be liable to any penalty for felling bread under the weight prefer']bed by law * provided the deficiency be not more than in the proportion of fix ounces in the peck loaf. Aft may be altered this feflion.

Continuance of ad.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 19, [1800.

ter), one moiety whereof (hall be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifh or place where the offence (hall be committed ; and if the faid penalty (hall not be forthwith paid, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices, by warrant under his hand and feal, to caule the faid penalty to be levied by diftrefs andfaleofthe goods and chattels of the party offending, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners of fuch goods and chattels, after deducting the faid penalty, and the cofts and charges of taking and making fuch diftrefs and fale.

II.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That in every place or places where any aftizc of bread (hall have been ordered by . the chief magiftrates or juftices of the peace of fuch place or places, and fhall have been duly put in execution, no baker, or other perfon or perfons, fhall be fubjeft or liable to any penalty or forfeiture for felling any bread under the weights preferibed by law: provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to exempt an^ fuch baker or other perfon or perfons from any fuch penalty or forfeiture, where the weight of the peck loaf (hall be deficient more than fix ounces, and fo in proportion for any other loaf of bread; any thing in any former aft contained to the contrary notwith-ft an ding.

III.	And be it further enabled, That this aft may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act to be paffed in this feflion of parliament.

IV.	And be it further enafted, That this aft fhall continue in force until die expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next feflion of parliament.

C A P. XIX.

An aft to indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelves for ofiices.and employments j and to indemnity juftices.of the peace, or others, who have omitted to redder or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for thole pm poles, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thouland eigi.t hundred; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe ad millions have been omitted to be damped according to Lav, or having been (tamped, have been loft or tnhl.iid, and for allowing: them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thouland eight hundred, to provide admiftions duly llamped* to permit fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file afiulavits of the execution of mdentuies of clerks to attornies and folicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the firft day of Jviichaeimns term one thouland eight hundred; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the mdlia, who have neglected to tranlmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpofe, until the firft day of September one thoufand eight hundred.—[February 20, 1800.]

CAP.



i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgn III. c. 20.	495

;rr: ^ '

iiv

:!:oh

te

jir.:

a' s-dr: v,irr :t. -A*

:;cX>

l;W'

t&*





cT-1"

rJl-

b?

CAP. XX.

An afl for further continuing until the firjl day of February one thoufand eight hundred and oney an aft, made in the lajl fcjjion of parliament, intituled, An a61 for further continuing, until the firft day of March one thoufand eight hundred, an aft, made in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, 4 An aft to empower his Majefty to fecure and detain fuch perfons as his Majefty (hall fufpeft are confpiring againft his perfon and government.’—[February 28, 1800.]

WHEREAS an aft was paffed on the twentieth day of May Preamble.

one thoufand /even hundred and ninety-nine, intituled, An 39 Geo. 3. aft for further continuing until the firft day of March one thou- c* 44» fand eight hundred, an aft, made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, c An aft to empower his Majefty to fecure and detain fuch perfons as his Majefty (hall fufpeft are confpiring againft his perfon and governmentwhich aft was to continue in force until the firjl day of March one thoufand eight hundred, and no longer: and whereas it is necejfary for the publick fafety that the proviftons of the fa id aft pajfed on the twentieth day of May one thoufand /even hundred and ninety-nine, Jhould be continued: be it therefore enafted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every perfon who (hall be in prifon Perfons ira-within the kingdom of Great Britain at or upon the day on	5°r

which this aft (hall receive his Majefty’s royal aflent, or at any ^ mrae* time after that day, by warrant of his (aid Majefty’s moft detained till honourable privy council, figned by fix pf the faid privy council, Feb. i, 1801* or by warrant figned by any of his Majefty’s principal fecreta- &c* ries of ftate, for high treafon, fufpicion of treafon, or treafon-able practices, may be detained in fafe cuftody, without bail or mainprize, until the firft day of February one thoufand eight hundred and one; and that no judge or juftice of the peace (hall bail or try any fuch perfon fo committed, without order from his faid Majefty's privy council, figned by fix of the faid privy council, until the faid firft day of February one thoufand eight hundred and one; any law or ftatute to the contrary not-withftanding.	.

II. And be it further enafted, That the aft made in Scotland ~~ in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and one, for prevl7n°iag intituled, An aft for preventing wrongous dmprifonment, andagainjl wrongous im-undue delays in trials, in fo far as the fame may be conftrued to prifonment, fo relate to cafes of treafon and fufpicion of treafon, be fufpended [otrea-until the faid firft day of February one thoufand eight hundred and fo£ fuf.~ one; and that until the faid day no judge, juftice of the peace, pended till or other officer of the law in Scotland, (ball liberate, try, or Feb. 1,1801, admit to bail, any perfon or perfons that is, are, or (hall be, in &c* prifon within Scotland, for fuch caufes as aforefaid without order \ VOL. XLII.	K	K	fronr^nalp	;

ft	Digitized	by

496 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. ao. [1S00.

from his faid Majefty’s privy council, figned by fix of the From Feb. i, faid privy council.

committed to	Provided	always.	That,	from and after the faid firft day

haveThebene- of February one thoufand eight hundred and one, the faid per-fit of all laws fons fo committed fhall have the benefit and advantage of all providing for jaws an<j ftatutes any way relating to or providing for the liberty Jbe S of the fubjefb of this realm.

See. J * IV. Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in Privileges of this a ft (hall be conftrued to extend to invalidate the ancient parliament, rights and privileges in parliament, or to the imprifonment or not invalidated detaining of any member of either houfe of parliament, during y Hus ad. ^ fating of fuch parliament, until the matter of which he (lands fufpefted be firft communicated to the houfe of which he is a member, and the confent of the faid houfe obtained for his commitment or detainer.

Perfonsagainft V. Provided nevertbdefs, That any perfon or perfons in prl-fon at the time of paffing this aft, againft whom any bill or high^treafon. b*^? *rKl^ment for high treafon have been already found, are already (hall and may be tried on fuch indiftment, as if this aft had never found, to be pafTed.

tried thereon. Vf. And whereas divers perfons are now in cufiody on charges of high treafon, fufpicion of high treafon, and treafonabU pra&ices, under warrants from one of his Majeftfs principal fecretaries of Jlate, and who have been Jecured and detained in cujlody under the authority of the faid recited afls\ and it may be highly important that fuch perfons as have been or fhall be fecured and detained on fuch charges, under the authority of the faid recited aUs or of this atly Jhould be kept wholly feparate and apart from each other, fo as to prevent all communication between them and with other perfons, except fuch communication, as bis Majefiy may think fit to permit, and under fuch refir iSiions as may be advifeable \ and it has been found by experience to be very difficult to keep fuch perfons feparate as afore-fetid) and to prevent fuch communication as aforefaid, without fending fuch perfons to different places of confinement; and doubts moy arife how far the powers of his Majejly*$ principal fecretaries of Jlate, to change the places of confinement of perfons fo committed extends, and it is expedient to provide that the fame fhall not be fo exercifed as to deprive the perfons fo committed of any right to be v tried or difcharged, which they might refpeStively have had if their reffective places of confinement had not been changed: now to ob-The fecretary Vla*e doubts and difficulty in refpefl thereof) be it further enafted ofitatemay and declared. That it (hall be lawful for one of his Majefty’s order perfons principal fecretaries of ftate, as he (hall fee occaiion, to or&r committed for any perfon committed to any gaol, or other prifon, on any charge a to be re- high treafon, fufpicion of high treafon, or treafonable pric-rooved to any tices, either before or after indiftment found, to be conveyed other gaol. to and detained in any other gaol or other prifon, until dif-Perfons fo re- charged by due courfe of law, and to ifTue all warrants neceflary moved not to for (uqh purpofes: provided always neverthelefs, That no per-be	fon who (hall be removed by any fuch warrant as aforefaid,

tned or dif- lhall be> ty means of fuch removal, deprived of fuch right to charged.	1*

 

IbieJ

Ktipei

Qir&j

I)

per

^;r!

ti

A>;









1800.] Anno regniquadragefimo Georg 11IIJ. c. 20.	497

it be tried or difeharged, as fuch perfon would by law have been entitled to if not fo removed; and in every cafe in which any f-j:	fuch perfon would have been entitled to have been tried or dif-

[^30	charged if fuch perfon had continued in the gaol or prifon to

pj;	which fuch perfon was before committed, it Stall be lawful for

5£[Sjr fuch perfon to apply to be bailed or difeharged, in the fame manner as fuch perfon might have done if fuch perfon had re-^' mained in the gaol or prifon to which fuch perfon was before committed as aforefaid.

^ VII. And whereas in the dijiurbed ftate of the kingdom of Ire-)f ^	land, it has been found neeijfary to fend divers perfons who had been

S':A;	committed to prifon in Ireland on charges of high treafon, fufpicion

'ltK of high treafon, or treafonable prafiices,- to Great Britain for fafe ' cuftody, and for the purpofe of preventing improper intercourfe between fuch perfons and other perfons engaged, or fufpePed of being engaged,

U	in the like treafons or treafonable pra Pices; and it may be found	4	,

ij	expedient to fend other perfons to Great Britain under like dr cum- Perfons fent

fiances\ be it ena&ed, That every perfon who hath been Tent [o°Qr^^ to Great Britain as aforefaid, before the paffing of this a£f, and |°jn for fyfc * every perfon who, after the palling of this afhall be fent to cuftody, may ^ Great Britain for fafe cuftody, by order of the lord lieutenant be detained in '"ft or governor general, or other chief governor or chief governors	**

{ft of Ireland, and of fix or more of his Majefty’s privy council of

the faid kingdom, fhall and may be detained in cuftody in this provided they ft) kingdom, in fuch place of fafe cuftody, as to his Majefty (hall are charged ft') feem fit; provided fuch perfon fhall be charged with high trea- W1(h h»gh

fon, fufpicion of high treafon, or treafonable practices, by war- ty warran^of p rant under the hand and feal of one of his Majefty’s principal a (ecretary of ■ft, fecretaries of ftate.	ftate.

^ VIII. Provided always neverthelefs. That no perfon (hall be But no per-detained as aforefaid, fo as to prevent the trial or difeharge of (h*1* be ^ fuch perfon in due courfe of law, whenever fuch perfon Shall, to prevent his 'ft, by the law of Ireland* be entitled to fuch trial or difeharge; trial or dif-:f /’	but in all cafes in which any perfon fo detained would ’by the charge when

^	law of Ireland, if in cuftody in	that kingdom, be entitled to be cnt*“e£ thcrc-

tried or difeharged, it fhall be lawful for fuch perfon to apply to of Irelaml the court of king's bench in England, or to any judge of that court, or to the court of jufticiary in Scotland, or to any judge Y of that court to be difeharged; and if it fhall appear to fuch court, or to fuch judge, that fuch perfon, if in cuftody in lrt~ land, would be entitled to be tried or difeharged, it (hall be^ f	lawful for fuch court or fuch	judge to order fuch perfon to

%	be difeharged, or to be fent to	Ireland to be dealt with accord-

^’ ing to law.

^	IX. And whereas many perfons engaged in the late rebellion in

\	Ireland, and in other treafonable pr a Pices there, have fled from Ire-

land, and are now in Great Britain; and other perfons may come ; from Ireland to Great Britain under the like circumflances; and it maybe expedient not only to arrejl fuch perfons for the purpofe of fending them to Ireland to be tried for fuch offences7 but alfo to ft-’ cure and detain fuch perfons in Great Britain until they can he

K K 2	D	properly

1

498 Anno regni quadragelimo, Georgii III. c. 21, 22. [1800.

The fecretary properly fent to Ireland to be tried or difcharged in due courfe of order^erfons ^aw:	lt ^urt^er ena£led, That it {hall be lawful for one of

in cuftody for his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, by warrant under his high treafon, hand and feal, to order any perfon who (hall be in cuftody upon &c. com- any charge of high treafon, fufpicion of high treafon, or trea-hn^tobe** f°na^e practices, done or committed in Ireland, to be fecured detained in or detained in Great Britain until fuch perfon can be properly Great Britain, fent to Ireland, to be tried or difcharged in due courfe of law. But no perfon X. Provided always neverthclefs, That no perfon (hail be fhall be de- detained as aforefaid fo as to prevent the trial or difcharge of tained foasto fa^	jn	due	courfe of law, whenever fuch perfon (hall by

trial or dif- t*ie ^aw °f Ireland be entitled to fuch trial or difcharge ; but in charge when all cafes in which any perfon fo detained would by the law of entitled there- Ireland, if in cuftody in that kingdom, be entitled to be tried to by the law or difcharged, it (hall be lawful For fuch perfon to apply to the o Jre and. cour^ 0f king’s bench in England, or to any judge of that court, or to the court of jufticjary in Scotland, or to any judge of that court, to be difcharged; and if it (hall appear to fuch court or to fuch judge that fuch perfon, if in cuftody in Ireland, would be entitled to be tried or difcharged, it (hall be lawful for fuch court or fuch judge to order fuch perfon to be difcharged, or to be fent to Ireland to be dealt with according to law.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That this aft may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any aft or afts to be made in this prefent feflion of parliament.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall continue in force until the faid firft day of February one thoufand eight hundred and one, and no longer.

Aft may be altered or repealed this feflion. Continuance of aft.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

I-; h

Z ,r

ft :c v

- :\ t

T

fl

ir, ' -

2?

^ C| 2(

*'C

" : 'fl

CAP. XXL

An aft to continue, until the firft day of February one thoufand eight hundred and one, an aft, made in this prefent feflion of parliament, to prohibit the making of low wines or fpirits from wheat, or other fort of grain, or from meal, flour, or bran, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.—[February 18, 1800.]

.;ii

■ ;i

;i 'a

’'■? I,

CAP. XXIT.

An aft for raifing the fum of twenty millions five hundred thoufand pounds by way of annuities.—[March 10, 1800].

Preamble.

WE, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the i

commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being defirous to raife the neceflary fupplics which we have chearfully granted to your Majefty in this feflion of parliament, have re-folved that the fum of twenty millions five hundred thoufand pounds be raifed by annuities, in manner herein-after mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moit excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the

lords

. *:|

"1

 

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 22.	499

fords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That Every contri-every contributor towards raifing the faid fum of twenty mil-lions five hundred thoufand pounds, lhall, for every one hun- to aeprincipaI cired pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal of xool. and fum of one hundred pounds, in confolidated annuities, after 10I. in the the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and to an addi- ^JP^cent^ tional principal fum of ten pounds in like annuities; and alfo to a principal of a further principal fum of forty-feven pounds in reduced an- 47]. in the nuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, 3 Pc* cent, redeemable by parliament; the faid feveral confolidated reduced, annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per an-num, to commence from the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred ; and the faid reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of Oftober one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine; and that the faid confolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, and the faid reduced annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum refpe&ively, in refpedt of each one hundred pounds fo to be contributed as aforefaid, lhall be payable and transferrable at the bank of England; and the faid confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, lhall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the faid reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum., (hall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of Qflober in every year.

If. And whereas, purfuant to and upon the terms and conditions exfrejfed in the faid refolution, feveral perfons have, in bocks opened at the bank of England for that purpofe, fubferibed together the whole of the faid fum of twenty millions five hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed by annuities; and made depofits of ten pounds per centum an the refpeflive fums by them fo fubferibed to the faid fum of twenty millions five hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed by annuities, with the cafhiers of the governor and company of the bank of England; be it therefore ena&ed, That it (hall and may be Contributors lawful to and for fuch contributors, who have made fuch de- who have pofits with the calhier or cafhiers of the governor and company ^a^ey th^°re-S of the bank of England, (which calhier or cafhiers is and arc m^nderof hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of fuch contribu- fubfcriptiana tions, wiihout any other warrant to be had in that behalf,) tobyinftaU advance and pay unto the faid calhier or calhiersof the governor ment8* and company of the bank of England, the feveral remainders of the fums by them refpe&ively fubferibed towards the faid fum of twenty millions five hundred thoufand pounds, at or before the refpe&ive days and times, and in the proportions herein-after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to fay). The further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the eighteenth day of April one thoufand eight hundred; the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the fixteenth day of May then next following; the further fum of ten pounds per centum,

K K 3	 \9jpOg IV-

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1800.

on or before the twentieth day of June then next following; the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the eighteenth day of July then next following 5 the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-fecond day of Augujl then next following; the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the nineteenth day of September then next following; the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the Seventeenth day of Oflohcr then next following; the further fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-firft day of No? vember then next following; and the remaining fum of ten pounds per centum, on or before the twelfth day of December then next following.

III. And whereas for the convenience of his Majejiy's fervice, a fum in promijfory notes of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, payable to bearer on demand, and in bank pq/l bills of tit fold governor and company of the bank of Ireland, which, at the rate of exchange of one hundred and nine pounds and ten /hillings per centum is equal to two hundred thoufandpounds fterling, has been paid to and depoftted with the cojhlers of the governor and com-pauy of the bank of England, cn account of the Jaid depofit of ten pounds per centum upon the faid loan of twenty millions five hurt-•Promtffory dred thoufand pounds, be it enatfed. That the faid promiflory hU^oAl'e0^ notes anc* bank poft bills of the faid governor and company of bank of Ire- the bank of Ireland of the value of two hundred thoufand land, dypo- pounds fterling, at the faid rate of exchange, fo received by the jited with the cafhiers of the bank of England in part of the faid depofit as land* to hr re- a^orc^*a^> fhall be received at the receipt of his Majefty’sex-ceived at the chequer, from the faid calhiers, ar the faid rate of exchange, in exchequer. part of payment of the fums received by them on account of the faid depofit.

The treafury IV. And be it further enabled. That it (hall and may be law-ntay authorife fui for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time receive*fuch being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treafurcr promiflay for the time being, if they or he (hall think fit, to authorife and notes amt poft empower the cafhier or cafhiers of the governor and company of b lls in pay- t}le bank of England, upon the receipt of any fubfequent pay-

°	ment or inftalment of the faid loan of twenty millions 6ve hundred

imULmentSf % r \	1	••	c "	« r •

which lhall be thoufand pounds, to receive in part of payment thereof in notes

received at the of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, payable to

exchequer. bearer on demand, and in the bank poft bills of the faid gover-

' nor and company of the bank of Ireland, any fum or fums not

exceeding in value, at fuch rate of exchange as the lords com-

miflioners of his Majefty’s treafury (hall lix, the fum of two

hundred thoufand pounds fterling, upon or in part of any one

payment or inftalment; and which faid promiflory notes and bank

poft bills of the faid governor and company of the bank of Ireland,

received under fuch authority, and not exceeding the amount

herein-before mentioned, (hall be received at the receipt of his

Majefty’s exchequer from the cofhiers of tire bank of England (at

the fame rate of exchange at which they (hall be received by fuch

cafliiers), in part of payment of the fums which (hall be received

by

 

&] ;;Hb s»fe i u

-i-K

'5(311

^>0[;

■

* h





; ^ oi

1 ci ‘ :>p Ki

.t;

i'W

■ 'i;

'H

I;'5;

i* tx

A



'1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 22.	501

by them for the future or fubfequent payments or inrtalments upon the faid loan,	Q ,

V.	And be it further enafted, Thatfuch notes (hall be deemed jjjjjj bedeem-

fufficient payments on account of any warrant, order, or draught ed fufficient for the purpofe of remitting to Ireland any part of any monies payment on which have been granted to.his Majefty in this fefiion of parlia-account of ment for his Majefty’s fervice in Ireland.	fo/r7mittiiig

VI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid governor and to Ireland company of the bank of England\ or their cafhiers, (hall not, in monies grant-any manner, be anfwerable or refponlible for the payment of the?1* f°r

faid promiffory notes and bank poft bills that have been, or	ervice

be received by them as the promiffory notes and bank poft bills Bank'not an-of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, nor for any fwerable for. lofs that {hall or may be fuftained in confequence of any fuch the payment promiffory notes or bank poll bills being forged or counteifeited, of ^uchf>n^t^.s unlefs the cafhier or cafhiers receiving the fame, at the rime of ^ P° bl ^ fuch receipt thereof, knew the fame to be forged and counterfeited.

VII.	And whereas the governor and company of the lank of England are pojfejfed of certain exchequer bills, made out by virtue of an aft, pajfed in the lajl feffion of parliamentf intituled, An aft for enabling his Majefty to raife the fum of three millions, for the ufes and purpofes therein mentioned, amounting in the whole to the fum of one million five hundred and fifty five thoufand pounds;

be it therefore further enafted. That it (hall be lawful for the Bank may pay faid governor and company of the bank of England to pay in the exchequer whole of the faid exchequer bills towards the faid loan, at the po(fefl|oneir feveral times, and in the proportions following; (that is to fay), made out un-Any of the faid exchequer bills to the amount of five hundred der 39 G#o. 3. eighteen thoufand three bunded and thirty-three pounds on the F* *8- ^or f fecond inftalment of the faid loan, payable on the eighteenth Ihcban" 8 day of April one thoufand eight hundred; any of the faid exchequer bills to the amount of five hundred eighteen thoufand three hundred and thirty-three pounds on the third inftalment of v the faid loan, payable on the fixteenth day of May one thoufand eight hundred; and the fum of five hundred eighteen thoufand three hundred and thirty-four pounds, being the remainder of the laid fum of one million five hundred and fifty-five thoufand pounds, on the fourth inftalment of the faid loan, payable on the twentieth day of June one thoufand eight hundred ; and all fuch exchequer bills (ball be received in difeharge of fuch parts of the faid loan as aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be Guardians lawful for any guardian or truftee, having the difpofition of the fubferibe money of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards ad-tomfant8* vancing the laid fum of twenty millions five hundred thoufand

pounds, to be raifed by annuities in manner aforefaid ; and fuch infant, upon the payment of fuch fum or fums fubferibed by fuch guardian or truftee, {hall become a contributor within the meaning of this aft, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments, in refpeft thereof, in fuch

K K 4	,	r^Pfhale

*	Digitized	by

5°2

Difcount to be allowed on payment of the whole of the fubfcrip-tions in advance.

Contributors entitled to certain annuities, which (hall be paid half-yearly, but not till lublcriptions are completed.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c.nl [1800.

and the like manner as any other contributor 5 and the faid guardian and truftee, as to the faid fum or fums fo advanced, is hereby difeharged, fo as the name of fuch infant be expreffed in the receipt or receipts for fuch money.

IX.	And be it further enadted, That every contributor paying in the whole of the fums by them refpe&ively fubfenbed in refpedl of the faid fum of twenty millions five hundred thoufand pounds, to be contributed as aforefaid, at any time on or before the twentieth day of November one thoufand eight hundred, fhall be entitled to an allowance of fo much money as the inte-reft of each fum fo paid in advance for completing his, her, or their contribution refpe&ively fhall amount unto, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum from the day of completing the fame, to the twelfth day of December one thoufand eight hundred; which allowance is to be paid by the faid cafhieror cafhiers out of the money to be contributed in purfuance of this ad, as foon as fuch refpe&ive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefTors, and afligns, (ball have completed fuch payment.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral fubferibers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and afligns, in refped of the faid fum of twenty millions five hundred thoufand pounds, fhall be entitled to an annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, for every one hundred pounds by him, her, or them refpedively advanced and paid; and alfo to an annuity, after the like rate of three pounds per centum, in refpedt of the faid additional principal fum of ten pounds, to commence from the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred, until redemption by parliament in manner herein-after mentioned; and fhall alfo be entitled in refpeft of every fuch one hundred pounds fo advanced and paid to a further annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, in refpeft of the additional principal fum of forty-feven pounds, from foe tenth day of Otiobcr one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, until redemption by parliament in manner herein-after Mentioned ; which faid rcfpe&ive annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and of three pounds per centum refpec-tively, (ball be payable and paid, half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to fay). The faid confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the faid reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of Otlober in every year; the firft payment upon the faid confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to be due on the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred, and on the faid reduced annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred ; but fhall not be payable until the rc-fpe&ive fubferibers or contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefTors, or afligns, (hall have completed the whole of

the

iioc

i hi Hi



tan, foil [5;

'41 pij

foipi

^ir

fe-

te*



&!t



j kf

r » &

Xi!

tredit

pre

he

*5'.r -

£

Pi h k 1

 



it

E»'

i8oo.] Annoregni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 22.	503

the fums by them fubfcribed for the purchafe of the faid annuities.	‘

XI. And be it further ena&ed, That as foon as any contri- As foon as butors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or affigns, fuhfcriptjon* (hall have completed their payments of fuch part of the whole the^ma/be * fum payable by them refpeclively towards the faid fum of twenty transferred, millions five hundred thoufana pounds, as fhall be payable in refpeft of the feveral confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centumy to which they refpciftively fhall become entitled, in refpedi of fuch fubfcriptions, the principal fum or fums in the faid confolidated annuities fhall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England, placed to the credit of fuch re-fpeflive contributors; their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and affigns, completing fuch payments refpecftively; and as foon as fuch contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccelfors, or affigns, (hall have completed the payments of fuch part of the whole fum payable by them refpe&ively'towards the faid fum of twenty millions five hundred thoufand pounds, as fhall he payable in refpetft of the faid reduced annuities, after the rare of three ppunds per centum, or any part thereof, the principal fum or fums in the faid reduced annuities (hall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England^ placed to the credit of fuch re-fpc&ive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns, completing fuch payments 5 and the perfons to whofe credit fuch principal fums fhall be fo placed, their refpedive executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and afligns, fhall and may have power to aflign and transfer the fame, or any parr, fhare, or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, in the books of the bank of England \ and the faid governor and company of the bank of England are hereby required, as foon as conveniently may be after the pafling of this ad, to prepare proper books for the purpofe of entering the names of all fuch contributors, and of placing to their credit the principal fums fo paid by them refpedivelyj and that fuch of the faid contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or affigns, who fhall complete the payments of fuch parts of the whole fum payable by them refpedively, towards the faid fum of twenty, millions five hundred thoufand pounds, as fhall be payable in refpeft of any or either of the faid refpedive annuities, at any time before the governor and company of the bank of England (hall have prepared their receipts according to the directions of this ad, fhall be entitled to have the fums fo paid forthwith placed 10 their credit in the books of the bank of England; and the faid governor and company are hereby required to caufe fuch fums to be forthwith placed to the credit of the perfons entitled to the annuities in refpedt thereof, in the books of the faid bank of Eng-land\ and fuch entries in the faid books fhall be in lieu of the receipts hereby dire&ed to be given for all fums paid in manner aforefaid; and fuch fums fhall carry the confolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the faid

reduceAIp



5° 4

Contributor* paying the whole of their

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1800.

reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, refpe&iveJy, redeemable by parliament; and (hail refpec-fively, be taken and deemed to be flock transferable according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, until redemption thereof, in fuch manner as is herein-after mentioned,

XII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That all and every fuch contributor or contributors, his, her, or their

fubfcriptions executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and affigns, who (ball have as herein fpe- paid into the hands of the faid cafhier or cafhiers the whole of to be his, her, or their contribution money, in refpeft to the faid re-nuiues^at°cer^"duced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per tain periods. ~annum, on or before the fecond day of April one thoufand eight hundred, (hall be entitled to have and receive on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred, at the bank of England, the half year's annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum, that (hall become due on the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred, and that all and every fuch contributor or contributors, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceSors, and aftigns, who (hall have paid into the hands of the faid caihicr or cafnier«, the whole of his, her, or their contribution money in refpeft to the faid confolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, on or before the fecond day of July one thoufand eight hundred, (hail be entitled to have and receive, on the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred, at the bank of England, the half year's annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, that (hall become due on the faid fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred} and that all and every fuch contributor or contributors, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceftors, and’afligns, who (hall have paid into the hands of the faid caftiier or cafhiers, the whole of his, her, or their contribution money in refpeft of the faid reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, on or before the feventh day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred, (hall be entitled to have and receive, on the tenth * day of Oflober one thoufand eight hundred, at the bank of Eng~ land, the year’s annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, that (hall become due on the faid tenth day of OStober one thoufand eight hundred; and that all and every perfon or perfons who (hall not have completed the whole of their faid payments, on or before the faid fecond day of April one thoufand eight hundred, or the faid fecond day of July one thoufand eight hundred, or the faid feventh day of October one thoufand eight hundred; (hall, on completing the fame within the time in this aft preferibed, be entitled to receive the year’s annuity, on each of the faid feveral annuities by this aft granted, or to be granted, from the tenth day of October one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and the fifth day of January one thoufand eight hundred, refpeftively as the fame (hall become due, according to the true intent and meaning of this aft. myaWe^and XIII. And be, it further enafted. That all the annuities transferrabte aforefaid fhall be payable and paid, and be transferable, at the at the bank.	bank

 

r8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 22.	505

bank of England; and fhall be fubjeft to fuch redemption as is hercin-after mentioned.

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That of the faid loan of Upon what twenty millions five hundred thoufand pounds, all annuiries,

intereft, and dividends which fhall or may become payable in tere^ arc to* refpeft of the fum of feven millions, part of the find loan of be chargeable, twenty millions five hundred thoufand pounds, fhall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of the confolidated fund; and that the annuiries created on the fum of thirteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, the remaining part of the faid loan of twenty millions five hundred thoufand pounds, and all the annuities, intereft, and dividends which fhall or may become payable in refpeft of the faid fum of thirteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds thall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable out of the monies arifing from the rates, duties, and afTefiments granted by or from payments at the bank of England\ in purfuance of or under an aft palled in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for granting an aid and contribution for the profecution of the war, together with the duties granted by another aft of the fame feflion, for granting new and additional duties on goods imported and exported, and for other purpofes; and alfo together with the duties granted by another aft pafled in the laft feflion of parliament, for granting certain duties upon income: provided always, That in cafe the monies arifing out of the faid Tates, duties, afTefl-ments, and payments, which fhall be from time to time paid into the receipt of the exchequer, fhall not be fufficient for the payment and difeharge of the annuities, intereft, and dividends which fhall and may become payable in refpeft of the faid fum of thirteen millions five hundred thoufand pounds, in manner and at the times in this aft mentioned for the payment of the annuities, intereft, and dividends on the faid loan, or in cafe the faid rates, duties, and afleffments fhould at any time hereafter ceafe and determine, then and in every fuch cafe, the faid annuities, intereft, and dividends, or fuch part thereof as Ihall not be paid artd fatisfied out of the monies arifing from the faid rates, duties, and afleffments, fhall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable out of the confolidated fund.

XV.	And, for the more eafy and fure payment of all the feveral annuities ejlablifl)ed by this atl, be it further enafted, That the Bank to ap-faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their point a cafhier fucceffors, fhall, from time to time, until all the faid annuities^

fhall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more fufficient and the trea-perfon or perfons, within their office in the city of London, to fury to order be their chief or firft caftlier or cafhiers, and one other fufficient perfon, within the fame office, to be their accountant general; °or e and that fo much of the monies by this aft appropriated for the payment of purpofe, as fhall be fufficient from time to time to anfwer the the annuities* /aid fcveral and refpeftive annuities, and other payments, herein

Digitized

dircac^g]

5°6	Anno	regni	quaclragcfimo Geohgii Ilf. c. 22. [1800.

direfted to be made out of the faid monies, (hall, by order of the commiflioners ot* the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, without any further warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the refpeftive clays of payment in this aft appointed for payment thereof, be iffued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the faid firfi: or chief cafhier or cafliicrs of the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors, for the time being, by way of impreft and upon account, for the payment of the faid feveral and refpeftive annuities payable by virtue of this aft; and that fuch cafhier or cafliiers, to whom the laid money fhall from lime to time be iflued, fhall from time to time without delay, pay the fame accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due courfe of the exchequer; and that the faid accountant general for the time being fhall from time to time infpeft and examine all receipts and payments of the faid cafhier or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

Cafhiet to	XVI. And be it further enafted, That the: cafhier or cafhiers

forCfubfciTt8	^:e governor and company of the bank of England, who fhall

tions^ which have received, or fhall receive, any part of the faid contributions may be aflign- towards the faid fum of twenty millions five hundred thoufand ed before pounds, fhall give a receipt or receipts in writing to every fuch Nov. ao, 1800. contributor for all fuch fums; and that the receipts to be given (hall be afiignable by indorfement thereupon made, at any time before the twentieth day of November one thoufand eight hun-Cafhicrtogivc jre(j^ an(j no longer: provided always, That fuch cafhier or pTying^the1* cafhiers fhall give fccurity to the good liking of any three or money here- more of the commiflioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer ceives into the for the time being, for duly anfwering and paying into the reexchequer. cejpt 0f hj9 Majefty’s exchequer, for the publick ufe, all the monies which they have already received, and fhall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the faid fum of twenty millions five hundred thoufand pounds, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the truft hereby in them repofed, and fhall from time to time pay all fuch monies as foot! as* he or they fhall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards at the fartheft, into and (hall account for the fame in the exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof, deducing thereout fuch fums as fhall have been paid by him or them in purfuance of this aft, for which fums fo paid allowance fhall be made in his or their accounts.

A book to be XVII. And be it enafted, That in the office of the accountant accountant Senera^ °f the governor and company of the bank of England veneral'8 of- f°r the time being, a book or books fhall be provided and kept, lice, foren- in which the names of the contributors fhall be fairly entered; tering contri-which book or books the faid refpeftive contributors, their re-a^du1 licateCS> *Pe<^ve executors, adminiftrators, fucceflbrs, and afligns, fhall whereof to be anc* may from time to time, and at all feafonable times, refort tranfmitud to to and infpeft without any fee or charge; and that the faid accountant

i$oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III, c. 22.	507

countant general (hall, on or before the fifth day ofJuly one the auditor of thoufand eight hundred and one, tranfmit an srttcfted duplicate,the exche-fairly written on paper, of the faid book or books into the office ^uer* of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, £here to remain for ever.

XVIII.	And be it further enafled. That fuch contributors, Contributors duly paying the whole fum fo fubfcribed at or before the refpec- d^lly

tive times in this a<ft limited in that behalf, and their refpe&ive ^^fedT executors, adminiftrators, ftjcceflbrs, and afiigns fhall have, re- to annuities ceive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this a«5f to have, re- tax free, ceive, and enjoy, the faid feveral annuities, by this a£t granted in refpcft of the |um fo fubfcribed, oujt of the monies granted and appropriated in this feffion of parliament for payment thereof, and (hall have good^and fure intcrefts and eftates therein, according to tj>e feveral provifions in this a& contained, and that ths faid feveral annuities fhall be free from all taxes, charges, and im-pofitions whatfoever.

XIX.	Provided always. That in cafe any fuch contributors who Subfcription*

have already depofited with, or fhall hereafter pay to the faid ca- Pai.d in Pai*

/i_*	£	.	r	c	r	t	r/.*	,	•	and not com-

Ihier or cafhiers any fum or fums of money at the time and m pietea, to be

the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the fum or fums forfeited, fo by them refpectively fubfcribed, or their refpeclive executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or afiigns, fhall not advance and pay to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, the refidue of the fum or fums fo fubfcribed, at the times and in the manner before mentioned, thenand in every fuch cafe fo much of the refpedlive fum or fums fo fub- . fcribed, as (hall have been aflually paid in part thereof to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, fhall be forfeited for the benefit of the pub-lick, and all right and title to the faid annuiries after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of three pounds per cen-tumper annum refpeftively, in refpedl thereof, fhall be extinguifh-ed; any thing in this a£ contained to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

XX.	And be it further enafled, That all perfons who fhall Annuities to be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in refpedt of the be

faid fum of twenty millions five hundred thoufand pounds, and all perfons lawfully claiming under them, fhall be pofleffed thereof as of a perfonal eftate, which fhall not be defcendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or otherwife; any law, ftatute,or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding,

XXI.	And be it further enaefted, That it fhall and may be law- Treafury may ful for three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, or the aPPI3r

high treafurer for the time being, to iifueand apply from time to [he^exche-" ° time all fuch fums of money as fhall be fo paid into the receipt qUer. of his Majefty’s exchequer by the faid cafhier or cafhiers, to fuch fervices as fhall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this prefent feffion of parliament.

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That book9-fhall be conftantly Accountant kept by the faid accountant general for the time being, wherein f^p^ooksfor all a(figun>cnts or transfers of all fums advanced or contributed enteringtranfc.

towards ferg. 1

 VjOOQ 1C

5°3 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 22. [1800.

towards the faid fum of twenty millions five hundred thoufand pounds, fhall be entered and regiftered; which entry (hail be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and (hall be figned by the parties making fuch aflignments or transfers, or if fuch parties be abfent, by their refpe&ive attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully aurhorifed, in writing under his or their hand and feal or hands and feals,to be attefted by two or more credible witneffes: and that the feveral perfons to whom fuch transfers (hall be made, (hall re-fpe&ively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method ofaffigning and transferring the faid annuities, or any part - thereof, or any intereft therein, (hall be good or available in law: Prov*ded always, That all perfons poffelled of any (hare or in-v # tereft in either of the faid (locks of annuities, or any eftate or intereft therein, may devife the fame by will* in writing, attefted by two or more credible witnefles $ but that no payment (hall be made upon any fuch devife, until fo much of the laid will as relates to fuch (hare, eftate, or intereft, in the faid (locks of annuities be entered in the faid office-, and that in default of fuch" transfer or devife, fuch (hare, eftate, or intereft, in the faid docks liable to fta'mp annuides, (hall g° t0 *he executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, duties. P and afligns; and that no (lamp duties whatfoever (hall be charged on any of the faid transfers 5 any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

defrayUmc^ay XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That out dental expen- of the monies arifing from the contributions towards raifing the cesoutot con- faid fum of twenty millions five hundred thoufand pounds by an-tributions, nuiries, any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafuiy, rie8 totlheca- or x^e high treafurer for the time being, (hall have power todif-ihier and ac- charge all fuch incident charges as (hall neceffarily attend the ex-countant ge- ecution of this a<ft, in fuch manner as to them (hall feem juft and neral.	reafonable-	and	alfo	to	fettle and appoint fuch allowances

as (hall be thought proper for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the faid calhieror cafhiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid contributions 5 and alfo (hall have power to make, out of the confolidated fund, fuch further allowances as (hall be judged reafonable for the fervice, pains, and labour of the (aid camier or cafhiers for receiving, paying, and accounting for the faid annuities payable by virtue of this a£t $ and alfo for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid accountant general, for performing the truft •	re poled in him by this a<ft; allwhich allowances to be made as

aforefaid, in refpeft of the fervice, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, (hall be for the life and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofa! only.

The 3I. per XXIV. And be it further ena&cd, That all the monies to cent, con fols. which any perfon or perfons (hall become entitled by virtue of this to^added^o m	°f	any	fum	advanced or contributed towards the

the joint ftock ^a,c^ (hm °f twenty millions five hundred thoufand pounds, on of 3). percent, which the faid annuities firft mentioned, after the rate of three coufoU. pounds per centum per annumy (ball be attending, (hall be added to the joint ftock of annuities transferable at the bank of England^

into

ib.] mo will

three pc 1 teen tbny-tl | bad, toed btore ! bit 1

, kUij tsesnn tttrvp

too to 1 Wore!

1 ‘^?oi •bej;

ll\

Janniiv

tetii

It*

fcnnf«

^id!

- f1*? j

' 'fdrt

$4

i\

%

{k\

k:

!ltr,

*1

ijr,

k

1800.] Annoregni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 22.	509

into which the feveral Aims carrying an intereft after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumy were, by feveral ads made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-fecond, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and by feveral fubfequent ads, consolidated, and lhall be deemed part of the faid joint ftock of annuities, fubjed neverthe-lefs to redemption by parliament, in fuch manner, and upon fuch notice as in the faid ad made in the twenty-fifth year of his laid late Majefty’s reign, is direded in refped of the feveral and refpec-tive annuities redeemable by virtue of the faid ad; and that all and every perfon and perfons and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, fhe, or they lhall become entitled asaforelaid by virtue of this ad, (hall have and be deemed to have a proportional intereft and (hare in the faid joint ftock of annuities at the rates aforefaid.

XXV,	And be it further enaded, That all the monies to which The 3I. per any perfon or perfons lhall become entitled by virtue of this ad, to^be adde^m in reiped of any fum advanced or contributed towards the faid fum the joint ftock of twenty millions five hundred thoufand pounds, on which the faid of 3I. percent-annuity laft mentioned, after the rate of three pounds per centum per reduced, annum, lhall be attending, lhall be added to the joint ftock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, which by an ad made in

the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majefty, were reduced from four pounds per centum per annumy to three pounds^r centum perannum,, and lhall be deemed part of the faid joint ftock of annuities, fubjedneyerthelefs to redemption by parliament, in fuch manner and upon fuch notice as in the feveral ads by which the faid annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum were refpec-tively granted, are direded in refped of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof, and that all and every perfon and perfons, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he,

Ihe, or they lhall become entitled as aforefaid by virtue of this ad, lhall have and be deemed to have a proportional intereft and fbare in the faid joint ftock of annuities at the rate aforefaid.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded. That if any perfon or per- Perfons coun-fons lhall forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be forged terfeiting re-or counterfeited, or lhall willingly ad or aflift in the forging or £rj£„8t^8c^ counterfeiting any receipt or receipts, for the whole of, or any guilty*of part or parts of, the laid contributions towards the faid fum of felony, twenty millions fivehundred thoufand pounds, either with or without the name or names of any perfon or perfons being inferted therein, as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof, or lhall alter any number, figure, or -word therein, or utter or publilh, as true, any fuch falfe, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent todefraud the governor and company of the bank of ingland, or any body politick or corporate, or any perfon or perfons whatfoever, every fuch perfon or perfons fo forging or counterfeiting, or caufmg or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly afting or aflifting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publilhing as aforefaid,

being

 vjit.

510 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 23. [1800.

being thereof convidled in due form of law, (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit

of clergy.

^nue acoTo XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That the r^tion^U the" governor and company of the bank of England,\ and their annuities fucceffors, notwithftanding the redemption of all or any of their hereby grant- own funds, in purfuance of theadls for eftablifhing the fame, or any edCeaie. 0f them, (hall continue a corporation for the purpofes of this adi, until all the annuities by this a& granted (half be redeemed by parliament as aforefaid ; and that the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, (hall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this a<5t.

No fee to be XXVIII. fAnd be it further enadled, That no fee, reward, or ctivinRcontri- gratultY whatfoever, (hall be demanded or taken of any of his but ions, or	Majefty’s fubjedls, for receiving or paying the faid fubfeription or

paying or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt concern-transferring ing the fame, or for paying the faid annuities, or any of them,

^naity^f 10I. or ^or an^ trans^er anY 6reat or fniall, to be made in ^ y ' purfuance of this a£I, upon pain that any officer or perfbn offending, by taking or demanding any fuch fee, reward, or gratuity, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full cods of fuit, to be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at M'ejhninjler, wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, ot wager of law, injunction or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance (hall be granted or allowed. Perfons fued XXIX. And be it further enacted. That if any perfon or per-

ge^ralWue6 ^ons	or profccuted, for any thing done by

virtue or in purfuance of this act, fuch perfbn or perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this aeft and the fpecial matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff-or plaintiffs (hall difeontimie his, her, or their action or profecution, or be nonfuited, or judgement (hall be given Treble cofts. againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (ball have trebiecofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft any fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXIII.

An aft for granting to his Majefly additional duties of excift on Britifh andforeign Jpirits9 and tea.—[March 10, 1800.J

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TT 7E, Your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedls, the com-V V mons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, towards 1	railing the neceffary fupplics to defray your Majefty’s publick

expences, and making a permanent addition to the publick re-* venue, have freely and voluntarily refolved to give and grant

uoco





)

x8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Geougii III. c. 23.	511

unto your Majefty, the feveral additional rates and duties of excife herein refpedtively mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and common?, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the Duties in fame, that there (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid, to levied" and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccettors, upon anfj * the feveral goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities, men- backs in fche-tioned and defcribed in the fchedule marked (A.) hereunto an- dule (B.) al-nexed, the feveral fums of money and duties of excite, as they l°wcd. are refpe&ively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth, in the faid fchc-dule; and that there fhall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in refpetf of goods, wares, merchandize, and commodifies, for or in refpeft whereof any duty of excife is by this a& impofed, to the; feveral perfons entitled to the fame, the drawbacks of excife, as the fame are alfo inlerted, defcribed, and fet forth, in the fchedule marked (B.) hereunto annexed ; and alfo all fuch fpecial allowances as are particularly dire&exi by any a61 or a&s of parliament in force on and immediately before the patting of this adi; and the Commence-fame refpectively fhall commence and take effect from the re- ment of duties, fpe&ivedays mentioned in the faid fchedules, in cafes where fpecial dates are inferted therein, and in cafes where no fuch date is inferted, from the day on which this a£t fhall receive the royal affent.

II.	And be it further enacted. That fuch of the duties of ex- Duties to be cife by this a& impofed, as (hall arife in that part of Great Britain under the ma-called England, (hall be under the management of the committi-

oners of excife in England for the time being; and fuch thereof as oners of excife fhall arife in that part of Great Britain called Scotland fhall be tin- in England der the management of the commiftioncrs of excife in Scotland an^ Scotland for the time being; and (hall be accounted for, cleared oft’, paid, rc pe^tive laiisfied, and difeharged, by the perfon and perfons liable to the accounting for, clearing off, payment, fatisfa&ion, or difchatge thereof, at fuch time and times, and in fuch manner, as the duties of excife, chargeable upon the like goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities refpectively, or upon any perfon or perfons for or in refpe£l thereof, were, by any a& or a6ls of parliament in force immediately before the patting of this att, to be accounted for, cleared off, paid, fatisfied, or difeharged.

III.	And wtereas contracts or agreements may have been made before the twenty fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred, by importers or dealers in foreign fpirits, and by dijTillers and makers

of[pints, for fuch fpirits refpefl ively, to be delivered after thefaid tiaen- \-ybere con-ty fixth day ^/’February one thoufand eight hundred; be it therefore tracts have ena&ed, That fuch importers or dealers, and fuch diftillers and been made be-makers refpe&ively, delivering fuch fpirits after the faid twenty- ^rerf Cq fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred, in purfuance ^iivery’o^ of fuch contracts, fhall be allowed to add fo much money as fpirits after will be equivalent to the duties by this acf impofed, for or in thit day, the refpeft of fuch fpirits refpeflively to the price thereof, and fhall Vox.. XLII-	L l	rbec* 0 c

price.

Duties and drawbacks to be levied and allowed ac-

cording to, and the goods | See. to be fub-

Duties and drawbacks on ipecifick quantities,to apply proportionally to greater or lefs quantities.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii 111. c. 23. [1800. ;t

be entitled by virtue of this act to be paid for the fame ac- I cordingly.	U

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the faid feveral furasof I%

money refpedively inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in the faid fchedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.) as the duties ofexcife, and the drawbacks of the duties of excife, fet forth in the faid r fchedule marked (B.), upon the feveral goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities inferted therein, (hall and may be refpec- ; tively raifed, levied, colleded, anfwered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed in fuch and the like manner, and ia j-, or by any or either of the general means, ways, or methods, by ./ which the former duties of excife refpedively* and drawbacks oif ^ duties of excife refpedively, or by anyoreither of the fpecial means, ways, or methods refpedively, by which the former duties ofexcife	^

refpedively, and drawbacks of duties of excife refpedively, upon goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities of the fame forts or kinds refpedively, were or might be raifed, levied, colleded, an- . fwered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed; and 4 the goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities, fo by this ad re- ' J fpedively made liable to the payment of, or chargeable with the ^ duties of excife, or fo entitled to drawbacks of duties of excife,

as refpedively inferted, deferibed, and fet forth in the faid fche- i doles hereunto annexed, fhall be, and the fame are hereby made fubjed to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, reftric- " tions, and forfeitures, to which goods, wares, merchandize, or : commodities in general, and alfo ail and every the fpecial condi- ( tions, rules, regulations, reftridions, and forfeitures refpeilively, to which the like goods, wares, and merchandize refpedively, were fubjed and liable by any ad or acts of parliament in force immediately before the palling of this ad, refpeding the duties of excife; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, as well pains of death as others, for any offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any ad or ads of parliament in force immediately before the parting »f this ad, made for fecuring the revenue of excife, or for the regulation or improvement thereof; and the feveral claufes, powers, anddi. redions therein contained (hall and are hereby direded and declared to extend to, and fhall be refpedively applied, pradifed, and J put in execution, for and in refped of the feveral duties of excife, * and drawbacks of duties of excife, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid ads, claufes, provifions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this ad.

V.	And be it further enaded. That in all cafes where duties are impofed, or drawbacks allowed by this ad on any fpecifick quantity of goods, wares, or merchandize, the fame fhall in ever}' cafe be underftood, and deemed and taken to apply in the fame proportion and after the fame rate to any greater or lefs quantity than fuch fpecifick quantity.

VI. And





i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c* 23.	513

VI.	And be it further enafled, That all the money arifing by Duties to be the duties by this a Ci impofed (the neceflary charges of railing pah* int0 and accounting for the fame excepted) (hall from time to time be ^ corned to paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at Wejlminjler \ confoiidalcd and the faid monies fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as fund, aforefaid, (hall be carried to and made part of the confolidated

fund.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That all the anddeemedan

monies arifing or to arife by the faid rates and duties, or any of addition to them, (hall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the pur- f0r defraying pofe of defraying the increafed charge occafioned by any loan the increafed made, or (lock created or to be created by virtue of any aCt or charge occa-aCts pafled or to be pafled in this feflion of parliament; and that honed by any the faid monies lhall, during the fpace of ten years next enfuing,	1	1§

be paid into the faid receipt of his Majefty's exchequer at lVefl~

minfier, diftinCUy and apart from all other branches of the pub-lick revenues; and that there (hall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the faid receipt during the faid period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the laid rates and duties, and paid into the faid receipt, (hall, together with the monies arifing from any other rates and duties granted in this feflion of parliament, for the purpofe of defraying fijeh increafed charge as aforefaid, be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, upon any account whatever.

VIII.	And be it further enaCted, That this aCi may be Aft may be

altered, varied, or repealed, by any a£t or arts to be pafled in this thia feflion of parliament.	lcihon-

SCHEDULES to which this a& refers.

(A.)

SPIRITS.

FOR every gallon of fermented wort or walh, which (hall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, for extracting fpirits for home confumption from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the fame, or which (hall have been fo brewed or made, and which (hall nof have been actually diftillcd into fpirits on or before the twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred	-	-»	-.

For every gallon of cyder or perry, or any other waft or liquor, which (hall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, from any fort or kind of Brhijh materials, (except fuch as are before-mentioned), or from any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for home confumption, or which

t L 2	ftali

£•

O O





5*4 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 23. [1800.

(hall have been fo brewed or made, and which fhall £* S. not have been actually diftilled into fpirits on or before the faid twenty-fixth day of February one thou-fand eight hundred -	-	-	-	o	0 I

For every gallon of fermented wort or wafh, which fhall be brewed or made in that part pf Great Britain called England, from melaffes or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for home confumption, which fhall be actually diftilled into fpirits on or before the firft day of June one thou fa nd eight hundred, or which fhall have been brewed or made, and which fhall not have been actually diftilled into fpirits on or before the twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred - 0 0 I For every gallon of fermented wort or wafh, which fhall be brewed or made in'that part of Great Britain called England, from melaffes or fugar, or any mixture therewith, for extrading fpirits for home confumption, after the firft day of June one thoufand eight hundred, or which fhall be brewed or made, and which fhall not be, or fhall not have been a&ually diftilled into fpirits on or before the faid firft day of June one thoufand eight hundred - 0 0 For every gallon of wafh, which lhall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, from foreign refufed wine, or foreign cyder, or wafh prepared from foreign materials, (except melafles and fugar), or any mixture therewith, for extraCling fpirits for home confumption, or which fhall have been fo brewed or made, and which fhall not have . been actually diftilled into fpirits on or before the faid twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred -	-	-	-	-	0	0 2

For every one hundred and twenty gallons of wafh, which fir William Bijhop, Argles Bijhop, and George Bijhopy or the furvivors cr furvivor of them, fhall produce from a weight of malt or other corn, including the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds; or which by them, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, fhall have been fo produced, and which fhall not have been a&ually ^ diftilled into fpirits on or before tbe faid twenty-fixrh day of February one thoufand eight hundred - 0 2 8} For every gallon, Engiijh wine meafure, of fpirits of a ftrength not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which fhall be made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that part of Great Britain called England, or which fhall have been fo made or manufactured, and which fhall have been fo imported or brought, after the twenty-fixth

day



5*5

i8oo.] Anno vegni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. '23.

day. of February one thoufand eight hundred, or £. s. d, which (hall be fo imported or brought -	-	0	0	St

For every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of fuch fpirits which (hall have been imported or brought from that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ into that part of Great Britain called England^ and which (hall have been, after the faid twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred, or which {hall be found in any (hip or vefTel in which the fame fhall have been fo imported or brought, or in any lighter, boat, or other veifef after the unfhipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place upon the firft landing thereof, and which (hall not aftually have been charged with any duty by this ad impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the cafe may require, upon demand, an excife duty of - Q o 5*

For every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of fuch fpirits of a greater ftrength than that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three per centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proof, which fhall be made or manufactured in that $[ part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that part of Great Britain called England, or which (hall have been fo made or manufaftured, and which (hall have been fo imported or brought after the faid twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred, or which (hall be imported or brought, an additional duty in proportion to the furplus ftrength.

For every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of fuch fpirits of a greater ftrength than that of one to ten I •'' over hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three par centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proof, which (hall Have been imported or brought from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that part of Great Britain called England, and which {hail have been, after the faid twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred, or which (hall be found in any (hip or veiled in which the fame (hall have been fo imported or brought, or in any lighter, boar, or other veftel, after the unftiipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the firft landing thereof, and which (hall not aftually have been charged with any duty by this aft impofed, an additional duty in proportion to the furplus ftrength, to t be paid by the importer or proprietor, as the cafe i may require, upon demand.

j For every gallon of fingle brandy, which (hall bo I imported into Great Britain, or which (hall have

I	k J* 3	Digitized		*

i6

A

Anno regni quadragefimo Grorgii JII. c. 23. [1800.

been fo imported, after the faid twenty-fixth day,of £• J*. February one thoufand eight hundred, to he paid - by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof - 0 0 10 For every gallon of fingle brandy, which (hall have been imported into Great Britain, and which (hall have been, after the faid twenty-fixth day of Febru-ary one thoufand eight hundred, or which (hall be found in any (hip or veflfcl in which the fame (hall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other veflel, after the unfhipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the firft landing thereof, and which (hall not adlually have been charged with any duty by this a St impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the cafe may require, upon demand	*	-	-	-	0	0	10

For every gallon of brandy, above proof, which (hall be imported into Great Britain, or which (hall have been fo imported after the faid twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred, to be paid by the importer before the landing thereof -	0	I	8

For every gallon of "brandy above proof, which (hall have been imported into Great Britain, and which (hall have been, after the faid twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred, or which (hall be found in any (hip or veflel in which the fame (hall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other veflel, after the unlhipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the firft landing thereof, and which (hall not a<5lually have been charged with any duty by this a<ft impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the cafe may require, upon demand -	-	-	-	-	-	0	I	8

For every gallon of rum, fpirits, or aqua vita, of the produce of the Britijh colonies or plantations,	#

which (hall be imported into Great Britain, or which (hall have been fo imported after the faid twenty- ' ftxth day of February one thoufand eight hundred, to bo paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof -	-	-	-	0	0	8

For every gallon of rum, fpirits, or aqua vita, of the produce of the Briti/Jj colonies or plantations, which (hall have been imported into Great Britain, and which (hall have been, after the faid twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred, or which (hall be found in any (hip or veflel in which the fame (hall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other veflel, after the unlhipping, and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the firft landing

thereof*





1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 23.	$17

* ;•	thereof, and'which fhall not adually have been	£. j.

*	charged with any duty by this a6i impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the

cafe may require, upon demand -	-	008

For every gallon of rum, fpirits, or aqua viter> above proof, of the produce of the Britijb colonies or plantations, which fhall be imported into Great Britain, or which fhall have been fo imported after the faid twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred, to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof -	-	-	014

For every gallon of rum, fpirits, or aqua vitay above proof, of the produce of the Britijb colonies or plantations, which (hall have been imported into Great Britain, and which fhall have been, after the faid twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight 3" hundred, or which fhall be found in any {hip or veflel in which the fame fhall have been imported, or in any lighter, boat, or other veflel, after the unfhipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the 31 firft landing thereof, and which fhall not actually have been charged with any duty by this adt impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the cafe may require, upon demand -	-	014

For every gallon of rum or fpirits of the produce of the Britijb plantations, which fhall have been, after the faid twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred, or which fhall he in any ware-houfe in which the fame fhall have been pur, fubjeft and according to the rules, regulations, reftri&ions, and provifions, contained and provided in an a<51, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, concerning the ;' landing of rum or fpirits of the Britijb fugar plantations before payment of the duties of excife, and lodging the fame in warehoufes, and which fhall have been, after the faid twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred, or fhall be delivered out of < any fuch warehoufe or warehoufes refpe&ively, for home confumption, and which fhall not actually have been charged with any duty by this a6t impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor, as the cafe mav require, upon demand	-	-	O o 8

For every gallon of rum or fpirits, above proof, of the produce of the Britijb plantations, which fhall have been, after the faid twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred, or fhall be in any fuch i warehoufe, and which fhall have been, after the faid twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight

[hundred, or fhall be delivered out of any fuch ware-

JLL4	houfe	rnnn|p

T -



5i8

Anno regni qua'dragefimo Georgii III. c. 23. [1800.

houfe for home confumption, and which lhall not £, x. actually have been charged with any dury by this aft impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the cafe may require, upon demand, a duty of	-	-	-	-	014

For every gallon of {ingle fpirits or aqua vita (other than fuch brandy, rum, or fpirits as aforefaid), which {hall be imported into Great Britain,or which fhall have been imported after the faid twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred, to be paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof	-	-	-	-	0 0 10

For every	gallon	of fingle	fpirits	or aqua	vita

(other than fuch brandy, turn, or fpirits as afore-faid), which /hall have been imported into Great Britain, and which /halt have been, after the faid tvventy-fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred, or {hall be found in any (hip or veflel in which the fame (hall have been imported, or in any 'lighter, boat, or other veflel, after the unftiipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the firft landing thereof, and which (hall not aftuaJly have been charged with any duty by this aft impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the cafe may require, upon demand s	-	-	0 0 10

For every gallon of fpirits or aqua vita (other than fuch brandy, rum, or fpirits as aforefaid), above proof, which (hall be imported into Great Britain, or which (hall have been fo imported after the faid twenry-fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred, to be paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof -	-	-	0 I 8

For every gallon of fpirits^or aqua vita (other than fuch brandy, rum, or fpirits as aforefaid), above - proof, which (hall have been imported into Great Britain, and which lhall have been, after the faid twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight 'hundred, or (hall be found in any (hip or veflel in which the fame lhall have been impoited, or in any lighter, boat, or other veflel, after the unfliipping and before the landing thereof, or upon any pier, quay, wharf, or other place, upon the firft landing thereof, and which lhall not aftually have been charged with any duty by this aft impofed, to be paid by the importer or proprietor thereof, as the cafe may require, upon demand	-	-	0 I 8

TEA.

For and upon all tea which fhall be fold at the fales of the united company of merchants of England trading to the B*fl

Indits}

 (^.ooQle

5*9

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 24, 25.

indies^ for two (hillings and fixpence per pound weight or upwards, after the twenty-fixth day of February onethoufand eight hundred, five pounds per centum, to be computed upon the grofs . prices at which fuch tea (hall be fold ; to be paid by the pur-chafers of fuch tea to the faid united company, and to be paid by the faid united company to the commiflioners of cxcife for the time being.

(B.)

DRAWBACKS,

TEA.

For all tea (for which the duty hereby impefed in refpeft thereof (hall have been paid) which (hall be exported to Ireland, or his Majefty’s plantations in America, the whole of the duty of cxcife by this aft impofed in refpeft thereof.

CAP. XXIV.

An ad for the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on fliore.— [March 10, 1800.]

CAP. XXV.

An at! to prohibit, until the firjl day of Oftober one tboufand eight hundred, the ufe of wheat in making Jlarch.—[March 25, 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the making of flarchy from Preamble.

wheat y Jhould be prohibited for a limited time: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s meft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the No ftarch to feme, That, during the continuance of this aft, no ftarch (hall be be made from made or prepared from any wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, oranymixtme or any mixture with wheat, wheat flour, or wheat mcaJ.	therewith.

II.	And be it further enafted, That if, during the continuance penajty por of this aft, any maker or makers of ftarch, or other perfon or per- making ftarch fons-whatever, (hall make, or begin to make ftarch from any from wheat, wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, or any mixture with wheat,&c,s wheat flour, or wheat meal, or (hall put or lay, or caufe or procure to be put or laid, in any fat, trough, or other utenfil or vcf-fel, any wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, or any mixture with wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, for the purpofe of making ftarch, then, and in each and every fuch cafe, fuch maker or makers , of ftarch, or other perfon or pertons fo offending; and the perfon or perfonsin whole cuftody or pofleffion any fat, trough, or other .ntenfil, or veflel, which (nail be made ufe of contrary to the intention of ibU aft, (hall be foundr(hall3 fcverally ancf refpeftivcly

 aey?foie

|but not to extend to completing wheat, &c. put in fermentation O)) or before M uch 20, i8oo.-

Wheat, &c. found in itarch houfes forfeited, and the prisons in whole polTel-lion found to forfeit 2001.

Perfons author) led, and officers of ex-tile, may enter ftarch houfes, an<finfpc<ft materials ;

and officers may take fam-ples of mixtures, paying for the fame, if they fufpeft wheat* &c. to be mixed therein*

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii 111. c. 25. [1800*

(over and above all other penalties impofed by any aft or a&s of parliament already in force), forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds; and all fuch wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal; together with every fuch fat, trough, or other utenfil or veflel, fhall be forfeited, and the fame refpeftivcly (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife; provided always neverthelefs, That nothing in this act contained fhall extend, or be deemedor conftrued to extend, to fubjeft any (larch maker to the faid penalty of two hundred pounds, for or by reafon of his completing or finifhing any operation of fhreh-making, from any wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, openly put in fermentation in his entered ftarch houfe, on or before the twentieth day of March one thou-fand eight hundred, fo that fuch operation fhal) be continued without wilful delay; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enafted, That if any wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, fhal), during the continuance of this aft, be found in any fiarch houfe, or in any place wherein ftarch fhall be preparing or making, or wherein any ftarch fhall have been prepared or made, or which fhall have been, or fhall be, entered for making or preparing of ftarch, all fuch wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, lhall be forfeited, together with the vcffels, fades, bags, and other things containing the fame, and the fame fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife; and the perfon or perfons in whofe pofTeffion fucli ftarch houfe or place fhall be, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That, during the continuance of this aft, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons who Avail be authorifed for thar purpofe by the commif-fioners of excife for the time being, or any two or more of them, within the limits of the chief office of excife, in London, or by one or more juftice or juflices of the peace, in any other part of Great Britain, at any time or rimes, with any officer or officers of excife, or for any officer or officers of excife, to enter into anv ftarch houfe, or any other place whatever, wherein any fiarch mall be, or fhall be fufpefted to be, preparing or making, or prepared or made, and every fuch officer of excife, and perfon fo authorifed as aforefaid, (hall have free admitance into, and may infpeft all the materials, veffels, and utenfils, contained in any fuch ftarch houfe or other place (giving thereby as little interruption as may be to the lawful bufmefs which fhall be there carring on); and in cafe any fuch officer of excife fhall have reafon to fufpeft that any wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, is mixed in any waters or liquids, or with any other materials or preparations whatfoever, or is otherwife in operation for preparing or making ftarch, it (hall be lawful for fuch officer, at any time or times during the continuance of this aft, upon payment of three-pence per pound Weight, (if demanded), to take a fample, not exceeding fifty pounds weight, of any fuch mixtures in waters or liquids, or other mateiralsor preparations, which fhall be found in any fuch

ftarch

 Tooele

i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 25.	$z\

ftarch houfe or other place aforefaid; and in cafe any maker of Penalty of ftarch, or the owner or occupier of any fuch ftarch houleor place, ^ or any workman or fervant belonging to any fuch maker or ma-kers, or owner or occupier, fhall refufe to admit fuch perfon or preventing perfons as flial] be fo autbori fed, or any officer or officers of ex- the infpe£tion cife, into any fuch ftarch houfe or place, or fballobftrud or hinder °^materials, any fuch officer, or perfon or perfons, in making fuch infpedion *c* as aforefaid, or fhall not allow any fuch officer to take fuch fam-ple, after the faid fum of three-pence per pound weight fhall be paid or tendered for the fame, every fuch maker, owner, or occupier (hall for every fuch offence refpedively forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds; and it fhall be lawful for any fuch officer of Wheat, See. fo excife, or otl er perfon or perfons authorifed as aforefaid, having found may be a warrant for that purpofe from any two or more of the com mil-fioners of excife, or anyjuftice orjuftices refpedively, as aforefaid, to feize, take, and carry away, all fuch wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, and alfo all fuch mixtures, or waters, or liquids, or other materials or preparations, as fhall be found in any fuch ftarch houfe, or other place, together with all the veffds, facks, bags, and other things in which the faid commodities, or any of them, fhall be contained.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it fhall Makers of and may be lawful for any maker or makers of ftarch, to have or j|arch may-keep, for his, her, or rheir neceflary ufe in any dwelling houfe, houses™vWat room, or place, (not being an entered houfe, room, or place, for or flour not making or preparing of ftarch), guy quantity of wheat, wheat flour, exceeding or wheat meal, not exceeding at any one time the quantity of bufhels. eight bufhels; and that if any fuch maker or makers fhall, during Penalty for the continuance of this ad, be pollcfled of, or have in his, her, or having moi e their cuftody or pofleffion, or in the c-uftody or pofleffion of any jhantbequau-perfon or perfons in truft or for the ufe or benefit of fuch maker, tl‘^* more than eight bufhels of wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, at any one time, in any one or more place or places, every fu. h maker or makers (hall for every fuch offence refpedtively forfeit all fuch wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, exceeding the faid quantity of eight bufhels, and alfo the fum of five pounds for every bufhel fo forfeited; provided always neverrhelefs, That but not to tx-this aft (hall not extend to inflict the faid laft-mentioned forTei- tcn'* to/^Vc)l ture or penalty, or either of them, upon any maker of ftarch who growers of05 (ball be the actual grower of wheat, and fhall be poflefled of wheat, or any quantity of fuch wheat, in the draw, grown by him, or after millers,incer* fuch wheat is threftied out or feparated from the ft raw ; provided taiivcafcB. that fuch wheat fhall not be kept in his pofleffion, or in the pof-feffion of any other perfon or perfons in truft for him, for a greater fpace of time than twenty days after the fame fhall bethrefned or feparated from the ftraw, and fo asr fuch wheat be not kept in any place ufed for making, preparing, or keeping ftarch: provided alfo, That this ad fhall not extend to inflid the faid laft-mentioned forfeiture and penalty, or either of them, upon any maker of ftarch who pradifes the trade of a miller, and who was pof-feffed of, and as 9 miller worked, any mill or mills for the

On oath of prouni of fufpicion that more than e ght buihcls of wheat or flour is kept in any {ioic-houfe, fee. officers of excife and other per tows may beautiio-rifed to fearch, and may ftizc the -Turpieia, and the perfons in whole cuiiody found, to forfeit 51. per builicl.

Doors may be broke open.

Contracts for delivery of ftarch or hair powder

Atino regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 25. [1800.

grinding of wheat, barley, or other grain, on or before the paffiog	1;i

of this aft, ,for or upon account of any quantity of wheat, wheat	$

flour, or wheat meal, which (hall, during the time herein-before limited, be found not wetted or fteeped in any fuch mill or mills; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.	>

VI.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe any officer or officers of excife, or any other perfon or perfons, (hall at any time or times have caufe to fufpeft: that any wheat, wheat flour,	\

or wheat meal, exceeding the quantity of eight bufhels, belonging to any maker or makers of ftarch, (hall be laid or kept in any j ftcrehoufe, warehoufe, granary, or other place or places, contrary j to the true intent and meaning of this aft, then, and in every fuch cafe, upon oath made by fuch officer or officers, or other	|

perfon or perfons, before the commiffioners of excife, Qr any two	,

or more of them, in Englandfor the time being, or before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace refiding near the place where! fuch officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons, (hall fufpeft the fame to be laid or kept, fetting forth the ground of his or their fufpicion, it (hall and may be lawful toorfor%the (aid commiffioners, or juftice or juftices of the peace refpeftivcly, before whom fuch officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons,

(hail make oath as aforefaid, (if he or they (hall judge it reafon-able), by fpecial warrant unJer his or their refpedive hands and feals, to authoiife and empower fuch officer or officers, or other peribn or perfons authorifed as aforefaid, by day or by night,

(but if in the night, then in the prefence of a conftable or other lawful officer of the peace), to enter into all and every ftorchoufe, warehoufe, granary, or other place or places, where he or they {hall fo f ufpeft that any wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, exceeding the quantity of eight bufhels, belonging to any fuch maker or makers, (hall be laid-or kept, and to feize, take, and carry away, all fuch wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, as he or they (hall fa find, (over and above the laid quantity of eight bufhels), togc* ther with all the veflels, facks, bags, or other things, wherein the fame (hall be contained; and fuch maker or makers, or the ' perfon or perfons in whole cuftody or pofleffion fuch wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, belonging to fuch maker or makers as aforefaid, (hall be found, (hall for every fuch offence refpec-tively forfeit and pay the faid penalty of five pounds for every bufhel exceeding the faid quantity of eight buftiefs; and the faid officer or officers, and other perfon or perfons, is or are hereby empowered by fuch warrant, together with fuch other perfon or perfons as he or they (hall take to his or their affiftance, to enter fuch ftorchoufes, warehoufes, granaries, or other place or places, and break open the doors thereof, in cafe they be not forthwith opened on demand.

Vi I. And whereas there may have been contrails made by makers ofJlarch with feveral perfons for ftarch or hair powder to be deb* vered and received at future times after the pajftng of this be it therefore further enafted, That all contrafts or bargains made by any maker or makers of ftarch, with any perfon or perfons

whah





i8co.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 25.	523

whatever, for any (larch or hair powder to be delivered at any during the lime during the continuance of this act, /hall be, and arc hereby «--ontmuanjc declared to be null and void.	adt^void/^

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or per- penapyr 0f fons (hail obftruft or hinder any officer or officers of excite in tool. forob*. the execution of any of the powers and authorities to him or ftru&mg of-them given by this aft,f(he perfon or perfons offending therein, hcus* fliall, for every fuch otFence, forfeit and lofe the fuin of two

hundred pounds.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That all nne% pcnlaties, and for- Recovery and

feitures, impofed by this aft, and which (hall be profecutcd or food	0

for by an order of the conimhhoners of excife m England or Scotland refpeftively, or by any officer or officers of exciie, (hall be

fuedfor, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by a&ionof debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty's courts of record at Weflmin/ler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland\ refpeftively; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majcify, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who fhail inform, difeover, or luefor the fame.

X.	And be it further enabled. That if any atfion or fuit Limitation of (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing a&iuns. done in purfuance of this aft, fuch action or fuit fhail be commenced within the fpace of one calendar month next after the

offence (hall be committed} and if fuch aition or fuit (hall be commenced or profecutcd in that part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or defendants in any fuch aftion or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give this aft and the fpecial General ifliie matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the famewas done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants ; and if the plantiff (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his aftion after the defendant or defendants fhail have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdift or demurs er againft the plantiff or plantiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like Treble remedy for the lame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law; and if fuch aftion or fuit be commenced or profecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before whom fuch aftion or fuit (hall be brought (hall allow the defender to plead this aft in his defence, ^nd the purfuer Ihall not iofift on his aftion; or if judgement (hall be given againft fuch purfuer, the defender (hall and may recover the full and real expences he may have been put to by any fuch aftion or fait.

XI.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That in cafe hisH|sMaieftf Matefty, at any time or times after the pafling of this aft, (hall, ™^making of in his royal difccetion, judge it tobemoft for the benefit and ftarch from advantage of this kingdom to permit the making of ftarch from wheat, wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, that then it (hall and may be

lawful

 * ^.ooQle

524 Anno regni qnadragcfi-mo Georgii III. c. 26—28. [1800,

lawful to and for his Majefty, by his royal proclamation or proclamations, to be ifl'ued by and, with the advice of his privy council, or by his Majefty’s order in council, to be publifhed in the London Gazette, from time to time to permit and fuffer all and every perfon and perfons, natives and foreigners, (but not any particular perfon or perfons), at any time or times after the patting of this a<5f, to make ftarch from wheat, wheat flour, or wheat meal, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-flanding.

Commence- XII. And be it further enabled, That this adl (hall commence

rontiimaiice an^ ta^e c^e<^ as to *uch rnaVers arK* things therein con-ofaCt.	tained, in refpc£t whereof no fpecial commencement is hereby

directed or provided, from and immediately after the patting of this aft, and (hall be and remain in force until and upon the lifft day of October one thoufand eight hundred.

CAP. XXVI.

An a& for granting to his Majetty the fum of two hundred thoufand pounds, to he ifl'ued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of tne com-miiiiontrs for the reduction of the national debt.—[March *5, iSoo.]

CAP. XXVII.

An atf for punifhing mutiny and dclertion 5 and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.—[March 25, 1800.]

-	Number	of forces 80,275, including 5,792 invalids.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft for cflabtijking an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the fum of three million:, t: war is the fupply for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred.—[March 23, l8cc.]

Moll gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. TT THE REAS hy tin aft of parliament, made in the feventh year Recital of * V of the reign of her late majejly £hteen Anne, intituled, An 7 Anux, c. 7. acl fur enlarging the capital flock of the bank of England; and for raifing a further fupply to her Majcfty, for the fervice of the year one thouf.md feven hundred and nine; it was declared and enafted, That the governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuccejfors for ever, Jhould continue and be one body corporate and politick, and Jhould for ever have, receive, and enjoy ^ the entire yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds therein-mentioned, out of certain rates and duties of excife therein deferibed, and fucb abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, as are therein exprejfed; fubjtft neverthclefs to a power and condition of redemption, in that aft contained in that behalf: and it was thereby'provided and enafted, 7hat at any time, upon twelve months notice, after the firfi day of Auguft which fould be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven

hundred





i8doJ Annoregni quadragefimo Gborgii III. c. 28.

hundred and thirty-two, and not before; and upon repayment by parliament, to the /aidgovernor and company of the bank of England, or their fuccejfors, of the feveral jams, amounting to one million fix hundred thou/and pounds therein-mentioned, without any deduction, difiount, or abatement whatfocvcr to be made out of the /aid fium of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds, or any part thereof; and upon payment to the faid governor and company, and their fuccejfors, of all arrears of the faid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and all the principal and intere/l money which Jbould be owing unto them upon all fuck tallies, exchequer orders, cr parliamentary funds, which the faid governor and company, or their fuccejfors, Jbould have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to, at the time of fuch notice to be given as aforefaid, (fuch funds for redemption whereof other provifion was made in the fame aft only excepted); then, and in fuch cafe, and not till then, the fad yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds Jbould ceafe gnd determine, as by the faid aft (relation being thereunto had) may more plainly appear: and whereas, by an aft of parliament, made in the twelfth year of her faid late Majcfly's reign, intituled. An a& to raife Kecital ofan twelve hundred thoufand pounds for publick ufes, by circulating a 11 Ann*, a further fum in exchequer bills ; and for enabling her Majefty to raife five hundred thoufand pounds on the revenues appointed for ufes of her civil government, to be applied for or towards payment of fuch debts and arrears owing to her fervants, tradef-men, and others, as are therein mentioned ; the before recited provifo or condition for determining the faid yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds, upon twelve months notice after the faid firfi day of Auguft one thoufand /even hundred and thirty-two, upon fuch payments as aforefaid, was thereby repealed and made void: and it was thereby provided and enabled. That at any time, upon twelve months notice after the firfi day of Auguft which ff)ould be in the year of our Lord one thoufand /even hundred and forty-two, and not before ; and upon repayment by parliament, to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or their fuccejfors, of t:e faid fum of fixteen hundred thoufand pounds, without any deduftiot, dif-count, or abatement whatjsever, and upon payment to toe faid governor and company, and their fuccejfors, of all arrears of the fold one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and all the principal and in-terefi money which Jbould he owing to them upon all fuch tallies, exchequer orders, or parliamentary funds,' which the faid governor and. company, or their fuccejfors, fhould have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to at the time of fuch notice to be given as afore-faid, (fuch funds for redemption whereof other provifion is made in the faid former afts, or any of them, or in the faid recited aft, always excepted) ; then, and in fuch cafe, and not till then, the faid yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds Jbould ceafe and determine: and it is alfo further provided and enafted, 7hat from and after fuch redemption of the Joid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and from and after redemption fhould be made by parliament of the annuity of one hutidred and fix thoufand five hundred and one pounds, thirteen JhiUings, and five-pence, by the fa

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 2,8* [1800.

the five nth year of her /aid late Majefiy* s reign, fettled and payable to the faid governor and company, in the manner therein-mentioned $ and from and after redemption fijould likewifi be made of the fund efiablifhed by the faid recited aft, in relation to the exchequer bills therein-mentioned \ then, and not till then, the faid corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England Jhould ceafi and determine \ but, till then, the faid governor and company Jhould continue a corporation, qnd jhould have and enjoy all the powers and privileges they were entitled to, as by the fame afl (relation being thereunto had), may more fully appear: and whereas by an afl of parliament, made in the fifteenth year cf the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, intituled. An adt tor eftabliihing art agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds, towards the fupply for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty-two ; the Jiid governor and company, and their fucceffors, were dire fled to advance and pay into the receipt of his Majefiy s exchequer for his Majefiy s ufe, the full fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds, on or before fuch time, and in fuch manner, and under fuch conditions, as in the faid afl are mentioned: and it was thereby declared and enabled, That the feveral and refifeflive provifoes contained in the. faid afls of the feventh and twelfth years of the reign of her late majefiy jQueen Anne, and each of them, and all other provifoes contained in any other afl or afls of parliament for determining the faid fund of one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and the faid corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, ttpm the refpeflive notices and payments in the fame refpeflive afls mentioned, jhould be, and were thereby repealed and made void \ and that the faid governor and company of the bank of England, fo enlarged as a fore faid, and their fucceffors for ever, Jhould remain, continue, and be one body corporate and politick, by the name aforefaid, and Jhould for ever have, receive, and enjoy, the faid entire yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pound:', out cf the faid rates arid duties of excifi, together wtth a perpetual fucceffion and privilege cf exclufive banking as tberein-afttr was mentioned, and all other abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages whqt-Joever, whereunto the governor and company of the bank of England, before the making of the faid afl, were entitled, by the faid afls of the feventh and twelfth years of the reign of her faid late majefiy J^ueen Anne, or either of them, or by any other afl or afls cf parliament, grants, or charters whatfoever, then in force; all which were, by the faid afl, ratified anfi confirmed to the faid governor and company, and their fucceffors, freed and difebarged of and from the faid provifoes and conditions of redemption thereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforefaid, and all other pnvi-joes, powers* afls, matters, and things whatfoever, theretofore had, made, done, or committed, for redeeming, determining, or making vein, the faid corporation, or yearly fund of one hundred thoufand •pounds, and the faid privilege of exclufive banking, and all other ibeir abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifis, exemptions,

privileges.



J27

t8oo.] Anno regni quadragelTmo eorgii III. c. 28.

privileges, profits, and advantages,	any of them; fubjeft nevcrtbe-

left to j'uch rejlriftions, rules, and dir eft ions,- and alfo to fuel? other agreements, matters,	things, as in the faid afts and charters,	or

auy of them then in force, were contained or prefer ibed, and alfo fubjeft to the power and condition of redemption thereafter in the faid aft contained in that behalf: and it was thereby alfo provided and enabled,

That at any time, upon twelve months notice, after the firjl day of Auguft which fljould be in the year of our Lord one thoufand /even hundred and fixty-faur, and, not before, and upon the repayment by parliament\ to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or their fuccejfors, as well’of the faid fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds formerly advanced, as of the fum of one million fix hundred thoufand pounds before-mentioned then to be advanced, amounting, in the whole, to the fum of three millions two hundred thoufand pounds, without any deduftton, difcount, or abatement what Jo ever, to be made out of the faid fum of three millions two hundred thoujand pounds^ or any part thereof > and upon payment to the faid governor and company, and their Jucceffors, of all the arrears of the faid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and all the principal and in-terejl money which J)?ould be owing unto them upon all fitch tallies, exchequer orders, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds, which the faid governor and company, or their fuccejfors, fhould have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to, at the time of fuch notice to be given . os aforefaid, (fuch funds for redemption whereof other frovihon was made in and by the afts of parliament therein mentioned, always and only excepted) ; then, and in fuch cafe, and not till then, the Jatd yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds Jbould ceafe and deter* mine: and whereas by an aft of parliament, made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majcjly, intituled. An adt for efta- Rrcital of bli(hing an agreement with the governor and company of the *Geo. 3.C.25. bank of England, for raifing certain fums of money towards the fupply for the fervke of the year one thoufand (even hundred and nxty-four; and for more effectually preventing the forging powers to transfer fuch flock, or receive fuch dividends or annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent perforating the owners thereof; it is .recited. That the governor and company of the bank of England were willing and contented to advance, towards the fupply granted to his Majefiy for the ftrvice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fexiy-four, the fum ■ of one million, -on exchequer bills bearing interejl, to be paid quarterly \ and the faid exchequer bills to be charged upon, and repaid out of, the firjl aids or fupplies which Jbould be granted by parliament for the Jervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-fix\ and in cafe fuffuient aids or fupplies Jbould not be granted for that purpofe before the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and Jixty fix, fthe t fame to be charged upon, and repaid out of, the finking fund', and alfo to pay into bis Majefifs exchequer, towards the faid fupply, the fum of one hundred and ten thoufand pounds, without any repayment i of the principal, or allowance of interejl for the fame \ provided that I the privilege of exclufive banking, and all other abilities, capacities,

1 powers, authorities, franchifis, exemptions, privileges, profits, and

I Vot.XLII.	Mm

Anno regni quadragdimp Georou HI. c. 28, [1800

advantages, in the jaid recited or any former at! contained, Jbndd if granted and confirmed to the faid governor and company, in fitch manner as in the faid recited aft is mentioned: end it was by tbt faid lafi recited aft (amongft other things) declared and enabled, That Juch part of the faid recited provision, contained in the fmd eft mode in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, as relates to the determining the fold fund of one hundred tboufand pounds per annum, and the faid corporation if the governor and company of the hank of England, upon the notice and payments therein mentioned, Jbould be, and were thereby repealed and made void; and that the faid governor and company of the hank of England, and their Jucceffors far\ ever, Jhould remain, continue, and be one body corporate and politick, by the name aforefaid, and Jbould for ever have, receive, and enjoy r the Jaid'entire yearly fund of one hundred tboufand pounds, out of the Jaid rates and dities of excife, together with a perpetual fucctffion and privilege of exclufivt banking, as thcrein-after was mentioned, and all other abilities, capo* cities, powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages whatfoever, whereunto the governor and company of the bank of England, before the making of the faid aft, were entitled by the faid afts of the /eventb and twelfth years of the reign of her faid late majejly Queen Anne, and the Jaid aft of the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the Second, or any of them, or by any other aft or afts of parliament, grants, or charters whatfoever, then in force•, all which wen by the faid aft ratified and confirmed to the faid governor and company, and their fuccejfors, freed and difcharged of and from the faid provifo and conditions of redemption thereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as oforefaU, and all other provifoes, powers, afts, matters, and things wbatfoevtr, theretofore- bad, made, done, or, committed, for redeeming, deter* mining, or making void the faid corporation, or yearly fmd of one hundred tboufand pounds, ana the faid privilege of exclufivt banking, and all other their abilities, capacities, powers, authorities,franchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, or any ef them j fubjeft nevertbelefs to fucb refiriftions, rules, and directions, and oft to fucb other agreements, matters, and things, as, in the faid ofif and charters, or any of them then in force, were contained or pre* feribed, and alfo fubjeft to the power and condition thereafter in the faid aft contained in that behalf: and it was thereby alfo provided and enafted. That, at any time, upon twelve months notice, after the firfi day of Auguft which Jbould be in the year of our Lord one tboufand f ven hundred and eighty Jx, and not before, and upon repayment by parliament, to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, or their fuccejfors, of the faid fum of three millions two bun* dred tboufand pounds advanced by virtue of the faid in part recited afts, without any deduftion, d'jcount, or abatement whatfoever, to be made out of the faid jum of. three millions two* hundred tboufand Pounds, or any part thereof; and upon payment to the faid governor and company, and their Jucceffors, of all the arrears of the faid one hundred tboufand bounds per annum, and all the principal and interefi money which Jhould be owing unto them, upon all fucb tallies, exchequer orders, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds, which the faid

governor

 VjOOQlC

:*co.

kr

tint

>4 CJ

% t

V(;



d[f*

xyty •1 f tj & &

,$■ j jQ/* Ipv?

'fatS]'?

*ii**

w,&

fffi*

nfj*

nj$

\:,jJ

::^f*

-Jl*

xrJ('

i

*&

,*??

\4

>

Kii

1?

it Geo. c. 60.

•ft

y

! ?/

‘sift

(®

i

J«\ rv

riJob.j Anno regni quadragefimo GeoxghIII. c. 28.	5*9

governor, and company, or their fucceffors, /hall have remaining iti their hands, or bi entitled to at the time of fuch notice to be given as (forfold (fitch funds for redemption whereof other provision was made in and by the afts of parliament therein-mentioned, always and only excepted); then, and in fuch cafe, and not till then, the fa id yearly fund of one hundred theufand pounds fhould ceafe and deter-mine: and whereas, by an aft of parliament made, in the twenty-firjl year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled. An act for ^€C[t^ of tfiablifhihg an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the fum of two millions towards the fupply for Che fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one; it is recited that the faidgovernor and company of the bank of England were willing and contented to advance towards the fupply granted to his Majefly for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty-one the fum of two millions, at the periods therein-mentioned, on exchequer bills, bearing interefi at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum,* and the faii exchequer bills to be charged upon and repaid out of any of the aids or fitpplies which fhould be granted by parliameht for tre jervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four; and in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies fhould not be granted for that purpofe before the fifth day of April one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four, the Jame to be charged upon and repaid out of the finking fund; provided that the privilege of exclujive bankings and all other the abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, in any former aft contained, fhould be granted and confirmed to the faid governor and company, in fuch manner as therein after- mentioned: and it was by the faid recited alt, amongfi other things, declared and enabled. That fuch part of the faid recited provifion, contained in the faid aft made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Mafifiy, as relates to the dettr-mining the faid fund of one hundred thoufand pounds pfcr annum, and thefiid corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, upon the notice and payments therein mentioned, fhould be and were thereby repealed and made void; and that the faid governor and company of the bank ^England, and their fuccejfors for ever, fhould remain, continue, and be one body corporate and politick, by the name oforefaid, and fhould for ever have, receive, and enjoy the faid entire yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds, out of the faid rates and duties of excife, together with a perpetual fucceffion and privilege of excluftve banking, as therein-after is mentioned, and all other abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, wkatfoever, whereunto the governor and company of the bank of England were or before the making of the faid recited aft were entitled by the faid afts of the feventh and twelfth years of the reign of her faid late majefiy Sfueen Anne, and

*

the faid afts of the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majefiy King i‘rf George the Second, and of the fourth year of the reign of his prefent f i Majefiy, or any of them, or by any other aft or afts of parliament, grants, or charters, whatfoever, then in force, or which were by the faid aft ratified and confirmed to the fend governor and company.

MM2

Digitized

m&c

53°

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 28. [1800.

and their fuccejfors, freed and difcharged of and from the fold pro-	,

vifo and conditions of redemption, thereby repealed, or intended to bt repealed, as aforefaid, and all other provifoes, powers, aflsy matters, and things, whatfoevcr, theretofore had, made, done, or committed, for redeeming, determining, or making void, the faid Corporation or yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds, and the faid privilege of' exclufive banking, and all other their abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits, and advantages, or any of them ; fubjeCf nevertbelefs to fuch refiridions, rules, and directions, and alfo to fuch other agreements, matters, and things, as in the faid ads and charters, or any of them in force, were contained or prescribed, and alfo fuljeCl to the power and condition of redemption therein after contained in that behalf: and it was thereby providtd and enacted. That at any time, upon twelve months notice, after the firfl day of Auguft which Jhould be in the year of our Lord one tbov» fand eight hundred and twelve, and not before, and upon repayment by parliament, to the faid governor and company of the bank of England, cr their fucccjfors, of the faid fum of three millions two hundred thoufand pounds, advanced by virtue of the faid in part recittd aCls, without any deduction, difeount, or abatement whatfievtr, to be made out of the faid fum of th ee millions two hundred thoufand pounds, or any part thereof; and upon payment to the faid governor and company, and their J'ucceJfors, of all the arrears of the faid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and all the principal and intertft money which fi)ould be owing unto them upon all fuch tallies, exchequer | orders, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds, which the faid governor	\

and company, or their fuccejfors,jhould have remaining in their bonds, or be entitled to at the time of fuch notice to be given as aforefaid, Juch funds for'redemption whereof other provifion is made in and by the a Cl s of parliament therein-mentioned, always and only excepted; then and in fuch cafe, and not till then, the faid yearly fund of onq hundred thoufand pounds Jball ceafe and determine $ and to prevent any doubts that might arife concerning the privilege or power given, by former atts of parliament, to the fjid governor and company, of exclufive banking, and alfo in regard to the erecting any other bank or banks by parliament, or refraining other perfons from banking during the continuance of the faid privilege, granted to the governor and company of the bank 0/* England, - as therein before recited -9 it was by the faid recited aCl further enacted and declared. That it was tie true intent and meaning of the fame ad, that no other bank Jhould be ereCled, efiablijhed, or allowed by parliament 5 and that it Jhould not be lawful for any body politick or corporate whatfoever, erefttd or to be ereCled, or for any other petfons, united or to be united in cow-vants or partnerjhip, exceeding the number of fix perfons, in that part of Great Britain called England, to borrow, owe, or take up, any jum or fums of money on their bills or notes, payable at demand, or at any lejs time than fix months from the borrowing thereof, during the continuance of fitch faid privilege, to the faid governor and com-pany, who were thereby declared to be and remain a corporation, with the privilege of exclufive banking, as before recited, fubjed to redemption on tie terms and conditions before-mentioned', (that is to

IS

j*

■"I

i;

.*•

k

te

J;

*

u

n

j.

ft

I

I

*

(

t

I

1

j

5

1

i

I

:







i

i

1800.] Anno regnf quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 28.	531

fny)1 Oft one year's notice, after the firjl day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and twelve, and repayment of the three millions two hundred thoufand pounds, ond all arrears of the one hundred thoufand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interefl money that jhould be owing them on all Juch tallies, exchequer orders, exchequer hills, or parliamentary funds, (fuch funds as were before-mentioned only ana always excepted), which the faid governor and company, ar their fuccejfors, Jhould have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to, at the time of fuch notice to he given as aforefaid, and not other-wife; any thing in the faid recited att, or any former aft or p£ts of parliament,* to the contrary in anyw'tfe notwit branding ; and whereas bank ATt the faid governor and company of the bank of England are willing ^^three and contented to advance, towards the fupply granted to your Majejly millions for for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred, the fum 0/ the fervice of three millions, on or before the fifth day of April one thoufand eight t^ie Prelcnt hundred^ on the feiurity of exchequer bills, to bear date the faid fifth *cai » day of April one thoufand eight hundred, and to be made payable without inter eft) and to be charged and chargeable upon and repaid out of the firjl aids or fupplies which Jhall be grontecl by parliament for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred and fix ; and in cafe fujficient aids or fupplies Jhall not be granted by parliament for that purpofe before the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and fix, the fame to be charged and chargeable upon and repaid %	.

out of the confohdated fund; provided that the faid governor and company Jhall have the option of being repaid the faid fum. of three vii^e of ' millions, at any time before the expiration of the term of fix years, to banking. Sec. be computed from the [aid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hun- be confirmed. dred, in cafe the price of the three per centum cenfolidated annuities Jhall be eighty pounds per centum, or more, upon giving fix month’s notice for that purpofe to the lord high treafurer, or to the lords com-mijfmers for executing the office of lord high treafurer of Great Britain for the time beings and upon fuch repayment the faid governor and company Jhall deduft or allow a difeount to the pullick at and after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum on the fum repaid for fuch part of the faid term of fix years as Jhall then re-main uuexpircd, and that in confideratioti of the faid advance of three millions in the manner, for the period, and upon the terms above-mentioned, the faid governor and company be continued a corporation with the foie power and privilege of exclufive banking, and all other the abilities, 'capacities, powers, authorities, franchfes, immunities\ exemptions, privileges, profits, emolumentr, benefits, and advantages, which they now have, pojfifs, or enjoy, by virtue or in purfuance of ' their chatter, or of any former a ft or afis of parliament, or of any employment by or on behalf of the publick, be granted and confirmed to the faid governor and company, in fuch manner as is herein-after mentioned: now, we your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, being defirous to raife, with as much eafe and advantage as poflible to your fubje&s, the neceflary fupplies, and to encourage the faid governor , and company to advance the faid fum of three millions, do moft Imovbly befeech your Makfty that it may be enacted; and be it

MM 3	Digitizedf^bgle

Commiflion-erg of the

tre<ifnry empowered to make out exchequer bills for three millions, be-' fore April 5, l8co.

All the provides, penalties, Sce. con-f»i.ied in the mslt act of this feliion relating to exchequer bills, (except. See.)

ill all be applied to the * exchtquei* bills to be made in pur-fmnje of this a a. *

No intereft payable on ex-■* chequer bills.

Bills ifTcied at the exchequer jiot to be current to any collector of the cuttoms, 8cc for i)X years.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. &8. [iSob*

ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with Ae advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiflionets of his Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, it ^ny time or times before the fifth day of April one tboufaftd eight hundred, to caufe or dired any number of exchequer bills to be made out for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of three millions, in the fame or like manner, form, and order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by an a& of this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for continuing and granting to bit Majef.y certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thou [and eight hundred, are enabled and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the faid a£h

II.	And be it further enabled. That all and every theclaufes, provifoes, powers privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in the faid lad-mentioned aft, relating to the exchequer bills authorifed to be made by the fame aft, (ex-

■ cept luch daufes as db charge the fame on the taxes granted by the fame aft,^ and fuch claufes as limit or relate to the afeer-, taiuing the rate of iptereft to be paid for the forbearance of money lent on the credit of the faid aft, and alfo except 9s herein-after mentioned), fhall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this aft, as fully and ef-feftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been originally authorifed by the faid lad mentioned aft, or as^ if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and renamed in the body of this aft.

III.	And be it further enafted, That no intereft wbatfpever (hall be payable upon or by virtue of the exchequer bills to be made our in purfuance of this aft: j and that the whole thereof (hill bear date the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred, and be made payable on the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and fix.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That no exchequer bill or bills to be made out by virtue of this aft, fhall, after, the fame hath or have been iflued at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the expiration of fix years from the day of the date of fuch exchequer bill, received or taken, or pafs or be current to any receiver or coHeftor, in Great Britain, of the cuftoms, excife, or any revenue, fupply, aid, or tax whatfoever, due or payable to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, or at tlfc receipt of the exchequer, from any fuch receiver or colleftor, or from any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate; nor/hall any fuch receiver or colleftor exchange, at any time before tfie expiration of fix years from the day of the date of fuch exchequer bills, for any money of fuch revenues, aids, taxes, or fupplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which (hall have

been

-	

i8oto«] Anno regni quadragefimo G sorgii TIL c. 28;	$33

been iffued as aforefaid by virtue of this a&; nor fhall any a&ion be maintained againft any fuch receiver or collector for negledi-ing or refuiing to exchange any fuch bill or bills for ready money, before the lame (hall have been iflued fix years from the receipt of the exchequer, according to the date thereof; any thing in the (aid a£t made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled.

An aft fir continuing and granting to bis Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred, or this a& contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enabled, That all fuch exchequer bills, and all charges incident to, or artending the fame, (hall be, and are

hereby charged and chargeable upon, and (hall be repaid qt borne j^y ruppliea by or out of any of the aids or fupplies which (hall be granted by to be granted parliament for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred for the year and fix; and in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies for that purpofe (half j . not be granted before the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hun-dred and fix, then all the faid exchequer bills, with the charges in- not granted cidentto or attending the fame, fhall be and are hereby charged and bcforeAprils, chargeable upon fuch monies, as at any time or times at or after 1806, the [aid the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and fix, charged on* Shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer of the fconfoli- tbcconfolidat-dated fund, (except fuch monies of the faid confolidated fund as ed fund.

Shall then be appropriated to any particular ufeor ufes by any a£t or a<5ks of parliament in that behalf); and fuch monies of the.faid confolidated fund (hall and may be iflued and applied, as foon as the fame can be regularly (fated and ascertained, for and towards	v

paying off, cancelling, and difeharging fuch exchequer bills, and charges, until the whole of them fhall be paid off, cancelled, and difeharged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and re-ferved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpec-tive proprietors thereof.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That whatever

monies (hall be fo iflued out of the faid confolidated fund, fhall, J^nfoUdated from time to time, be replaced by and out of the firft fupplies to fund to be be then after granted by parliament; any thing herein contained replaced out to the contrary notwithftanding.	r	thr

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That in cafe ^PPj,cs-A provifion fhall not be made by parliament for payment of exche- tq b^r

Juer bills, to be iffued in purfuance of this adf, fo that the fame intereft, if not lall be fully paid aiid difeharged on or before the fifth day of piid on or be* April one thoufand eight hundred and fix, then, and in that cafe, f<ire&Alira s* the faid exchequer bills, or fuch part thereof as (hall then re- 18960 main unpaid, dial), from and after the faid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and fix, bear an intereft of five pounds per centum per annum •, and fuch intereft (hall be, and the fame is hereby charged and chargeable upon, and fhall be borne and	,

paid by or out of the (aid fund as the principal money payable by the faid exchequer bills is by this a& charged and chargeable upon; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any* f wif$ notwithflanding,

M m 4	VUL And

. ~	 ^

logic

1 hr bank to

exchange for their promt f-fory no'-esall fuch bills as (hall, within fix years, be tendered to them:

but /hall not bt entitled to any premium for the lame.

In cafe the « bnnk rtfule payment, how fuch notes may bt recovered.

Plaintiff entitled to damages and colts.

The provi-fions in the malt aft of this ft lb on

Anno regni quadragefimo Geo'rgii III. c. [i8o&,

VIII.	And it is further ena&ed, That the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors, {hall, and are hereby required to exchange for the promifl'ory notes of the fai<i governor and company, payable tojbearer on demand, from time to time, all fuch of the faid exchequer bills, as {hall, withip the fpaceof fix years from the date thereof, be tendered or produced to them, or their cafhier or cafliiers, for that purpofe, by any perfon or perfons; and {hall pay, or caufe to be paid, to fuch perfon or perfons, in fuch notes as aforefaid, the fum for which every fuch bill, fo tendered or produced, was ilfued, and (hall exchange in manner aforefaid fuch of the faid bills as (hall have been, fromtime to time, paid away or circulated by or on the behalf of the faid governor and company or tbeir fucceflors, and {hall, before the laid fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred and fir, be tendered or produced as aforefaid, as often as fuch cafe fhall happen : and the faid governor and company, or their fucceflors, or their agents or fervants, (hall not be entitled to or receive any premium, rate, jor allowance whatsoever, for or in refpeft of the exchanging or circulating tire faid exchequer bills; anything herein, or in any other ad of parliament, to the contrary not-withftanding.

IX.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe the faid governor and company of the bank of England^ or their fucceflors, or their cafhier or eafliters, Anil negledfc or refufe to exchange any fuch exchequer bill or bills for fuch notes as aforefaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a£t, upon demand thereof made at their chief office within the city of London, for the fpace of twenty-four hours, then the perfon or perfons demanding the fame, or the perfon or perfons for and-on whofe behalf fuch demand {hall be made, {hail and may recover the amount of fuch exchequer bill or bills, to his, her, or their own ufe, by a ft ion of debt, or upon the cafe, bill, fait, or information, in any of his Majeff y’s courts of record at IVeJhwnflery wherein no efToin, prote&ion, privilege, or wager of iaw> {hall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; in which aftion, bill, fuit, or information, it {hall be lawful to declare that the (aid governor and company, or their fucceflors, are indebted to the plaintiff or plaintiffs the money demanded upon the (aid bill or bills, according to the form of the ftatutc, and have not paid the fame, which {hall be fufficient; and the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in fuch action, bill, fuit, or information, (hall Recover againft the faid governor and company, and their fucceflors, not only the money fo negle&ed or refufed to be paid, but alfb damages, after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum per artimm$ on fuch money, together with full cofts of fuit; and the (aid governor and company, and their fucceflors, and their (aid ltock and funds, (hail be, and are hereby made fubjeft anti liable thereunto.

X.	And be it further enafted. That the claufes, powers, and provifions in the faid a&? made in this prefent fefliou of parliament, intituled. An aft for continuing and granting U bis Majc/fy

certain

 

1800.} Anno regni qu'adragefim<5 Georgii U[. c. 28V	535

certain duties upon malt, mumy cyder, and perry, for the fervice of relating to

the year one thoufand eight hundred\ relating to fuch perfon or per- C™’

fons, body or bodies politick or corporate, as fliould contraft, circulate °&c.

by virtue of that aft, with the high treafurer, or any three or exchequer

more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, for bills,

the circulating and exchanging for ready money the exchequer

bills by the faid aft authorised to be iftiied, (except the claufe for (except, See.)

altering the rate of intereft, and fuch other parts as are varied by

this aft), (hall extend to and operate, with refpeft to the faid (hall extend to

governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuc-the bimk m.

celfors, in relation to the exchequer bills to be made out, ex- bnumade by

changed, and circulated, by virtue of this aft, in as full and virtue of this

ample manner, to all intents and ptirpofes, as if a contraft in a<5t.

writing had been made for that purpofe ir^the manner preferibed

by the faid aft, and as if the faid claufes, powers, and provi-

fions, were herein fpecialiy re-enafted and applied for the pur-

pofes of this aft.

XI.	Provided always, and be k further enafted, Tl^at in cafe If previous to at any time previous to the expiration of the faid term of fix the expiration years, to be computed from’the faid fifth day of April one thou- [he Three ^er (acid eight hundred, the price of the three pounds per centum cent. conlote. confolidated bank annuities (hall be eighty pounds per centum or be 80 percent, more, and the (aid governor and company of the bank of England ^ exchequer (hall then, or at any time afterwards previous to the expiration come payable of the faid term of fix years, be minded and defirous to be repaid Qn thePbank * the (aid fum of three millions, and of fuch their mind and inten- giving notice tion (hail givfe notice to the lord, high treafurer, or to the lords *° tbe trea-commiffioners for executing the office of lord high treafurer of fur5r*

Great Britain for the time being, that then and in that cafe, from and after the expiration of fuch notice, the whole of the exchequer bills to be granted in purfuance of this aft (hall become due and payable, in like manner as if the faid term of fix years had expired; and in cafe payment thereof (hall not be pro- . vided for by parliament, previous to the expiration of fuch notice, the faid exchequer bills, together with all charges incident to or attending the fame, (hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and (hall be repaid or borne by or out of any of the aids or fupplies which (hall be granted by parliament for the fervice of the year in which fuch notice as afore (aid (hall expire; and in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies for that purpofe .

(hall not be granted by parliament previous to the expiration of fuch notice as aforefaid, then ail the faid exchequer bills, with the charges incident to ©r attending the fame, (hall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon fuch monies as at any time or times, at or after the expiration of the faid notice, (hall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer arifing from the confoii-dated fund, (except fuch monies of the faid confolidated fund as (hall be appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes, by any aft or afts of parliament in that behalf); and fuch monies of the faid confolidated fund (hall and may be iftued and applied as foon as the fame can be regularly (fated and afcccuined for and towards

Digitized payin^igle

If exchequer bills become payable pursuant to fuch, notice, dif-count to be allowed, Sec, for the unexpired term.

Such part of the recited adt ai Geo. 3. as relates to the determining the corporation of 1 he bank, &c. repealed ; and the bank to remain a body corporate, &c# and to enjoy an exclusive privilege of bankings See,

Anno regni quadragefimo Gkoroii III, c. 28. [1800.

paying off, cancelling, and difchargtng fuch exchequer bills and charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difehar^ed, or money fufficient for that piirpofc be kept and referred in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpec-tive holders or proprietors thereof.

XII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafled, That in cafe the exchequer bills, to be iffued in purfuance of this a£t, (hall become payable at any time previous to the expiration of the (aid term of fix years, in purfuance of fuch notice as aforefaid, then and in that cafe the fa id governor and company of the bank of England (hail deduct and allow out of the whole or fuch part of the faid exchequer bills as they (hall hold or retain in their hands or pofleffion, a difeount, at and after the rate of five pounds far centum per annum, for fuch part of the faid term of fix years, as (hall remain unexpired at the Expiration of fuch notice as afore* faid; and in cafe the whole of the faid exchequer bills (hall not* at the expiration of fuch notice, be remaining in the hands or pofleffion of the faid governor and company, then and in that cafe they (hail and will, on or previous to the expiration of fuch notice, pay into the receipt of.his'Majeftv’s exchequer a dif-count upon the whole or fuch part of the (aid exchequer bills as (hall not remain in their hands or pofleffion, at and after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum^ for fuch part of she faid term of fix years as (hall then remain unexpired; and in default thereof, the provifion herein-before made for payment of the faid exchequer bills, upon the expiration of fuch notice as aforefaid, ihall ceafe, determine, and be abfolutely void, any thing herein* before contained to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding,

XIII,	Ani,> for the encouragement^ of the faid governor and cm* pany of the bank of England, and their fucce£ors, to exchange and circulate the faid exchequer bills, in the manner pnd during the time herein- before mentioned; and to the end* that the faid governor and company, and their fuccejfors, may have a competent recommence and confederation for Jo doing; it is hereby declared and enabled, That fuch part of the faid recited provifion contained in ihe f/:d act, made in the twenty-firfi year of the reign of his prefent Majesty, as relates to the determining the faid fund of one hundred thou-fand pounds per annum, and the faid corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England^ upon the notice and payments therein mentioned, ihall be, and i$ hereby repealed and made void; and that the (aid governor and company of the bank of England, and their (ucceffors, for ever, Ihall remain, continue, and tie one body corporate and politick, by the name aforefaid, and (hall for ever.have, receive, and enjoy, the faid entire yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds out of the faid rates and duties of excite, together with a perpetual fucceffion and privilege of exclufive banking, as herein-after is mentioned, and all other abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifes, immunities, exemptions, privileges, profits, emoluments, benefits, and advantages whatfoever, which the governor and company of the bank of England,[ npw have, poflefs, or enjoy, or wbercunto

they

 

*8o<&] Anno rigni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 28.

they are; or,-before the making of this ad, were entitled, by the faid ads of the feventh and twelfth years of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, and the fa id ads of the-.fifteenth year pf the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and of the fourth and twenty-firft years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or any of them, or by any other ad or ads of parliament, grants, or charters whatfoever, now in force; or, by virtue of any employment by or on behalf of the publick, all which are by this ad ratified and confirmed to the faitj governor and company, and their fucceftors, freed and difeharged of and from the faid provifo and' conditions of redemption hereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as afore faid; and all other provifoes, powers, ads, matters, and things whatfoever, heretofore had, made, done, or committed, for redeeming, determining, or making void the faid corporation, or the faid yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds, and the faid privilege of exclufive banking, and all other their abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, frapehifes, immunities, exemptions, privileges* profits, emoluments, benefits, and advantages, or any of them ; fubjed neverthelcfs to fuch reftridions, rules, and diredions, and alfo to (uch other agreements, matters, and things, as in the laid ads and charters, or any of them now in force, are contained or preferibedj and alfo fubjed to the power and condition of redemption herein-after in this ad contained in this behalf.

XIV.	And whereas there is due from the publick to the faid govern nor and company of the bank of England, not only the faid fum of three millions two hundred thoufand pounds, advanced by virtue of	;

the faid in part recited aftsy but alfo the further fum of eight millions four hundred and eighty-fix thoufand and eight hundred pounds, which, together with the intere/l or annuities payable thereon or in refpeft thereof are fecured to the faid governor and company, and their fuc-cefforsy in manner followingy (that is to fayf The fum of five hundred thoufand pounds, (part of two millions fecured and remaining due to the Jaid governor and company, under and by virtue of an a ft of parliament, made in the third year of the reign of his majejly King George the Firfly intituled\ An ad for redeeming feveral funds of 3 Geo. i.c. the governor and company of the bank of England, purfuant to former provifoes of redemption, and for fecuring to them feveral new funds and allowances redeemable by parliament; and for obJigiog them to advance further fums, not exceeding two millions five hundred thoufand pounds, at five pounds per centum% as (hall be found neceftary, to be employed in Jelfening the national debts and incumbrances; and for continuing certain provifions formerly made for the expences of his Majefty’s civil government, and for payment of annuities formerly purchafed at the rate of five pounds per centumy and for other purpofes in this ad mentioned; the further fum of four millions, fecured to the faid governor and company under and by virtue of * another aft of parliament} made in the eighth year of the reign of his faid majejly King George the Firfly intituled, An ad to enable the South Sea com- 8Gco.x*c.$j* pany to d/fpofc of the effects in their hands by way of lottery or

Digitized ^l&OOgle	>

538	Anno	regni quadragefimo Georg 11 Hi. c. 28. [1800.

febfcription, or to fell part of their fund or annuity, payable at the exchequer, in order to pay the debts of the faid company; and for relief of fuch who are intended to have the benefit of a late adt, touching payment of ten per centum, therein mentioned; the further fum of one million feven hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, fecured to the faid governor and company under and by virtue of another aft of parliament, made in the fir ft year of the reign of his late 1 Geo. 2. c. 8. majifiy King George the Second, intituled, An adt for granting an aid to his Majefty by fale of annuities to the bank of England it four pounds per centum* redeemable by parliament, and charged upon the duties on coals and culm ; and for further applying the produce of the finking fund ; and fot enlarging the time for exchanging Nevis and Saint Cbriftopher's debentures for annuities at three per centum, and for applying the arrears of his late Ma-jefty’s civil lift revenues; the further Jura of one million two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, fecured to the faid governor and company tinder and by virtue of another aft of parliament, made in the fecond a Geo. l.c. 3-year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, intituled,'An ad for raifing the fum of one million two hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, by fale of annuities to the bank: of England, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, and for applying the produce of the finking fund; and the further fum of nine hundred and eighty-fix thoufand eight hundred pounds, fecured to the faid governor and company under and by virtue of another aB of parliament, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of bis faid late Mojejly, intituled. An adf for eftablifhing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for cancelling certain exchequer bills upon the terms therein mentioned; and for obliging t.iem to advance the fum of one million upon the credit of the land tax and malt duties, granted to his Majefty for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty-fix : be it enadted, That at any time, upon tweive months notice, to be given after the firft day of Augufi which (hall be in the year

19 Geo. a.c.

after Aug. x.

1833, upon 12 c oj ?	",	j	"	7	7	\

months no- °* our Lord one thoufand eight hundred and thirty-three, and

tice, and re- not before, and upon repayment by parliament, to the faid go-

payment of vernor and company, or their fucceflors, of the faid fum of three

3 aoooool millions two hundred thoufand pounds, without any deduction,

and all arrears difeount, or abatement whatfoever; and upon payment to the

of the faid faid governor and company, and their fucceflors,-of all arrears

103.0001.	per 0f the faid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum; and alfo

alfoUthe?fum yPon repayment by parliament, to the faid governor and cotn-pf 8,486,800!. P*ny, or their fucceflors, of the faid further fum of eight millions fee,	four hundred and eighty-fix thoufand and eight hundred pounds,

together with the intereft or annujties payable theVeon, or in refpedt thereof; and alfo upon repayment of all the principal money and intereft which (hall be owing unto the faid governor and company, and their fucceflors, upon all fuch‘tallies, exchequer-orders, exchequer bills, or parliamentary funds, which the the faid eaily governor and company, or their fucceflors, (hall have re-FundUrf 1 y maining in their hands, or be entitled to at the time of fuch

100.0001,	(hall notice to be given as aforefaid ; then and in fuch cafe, and not

c'-afe.	^	till





1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgix III. c. 28.	539

till then, the faid yearly fund of one hundred thoufand pounds fhall ceafe and determine.

XV.	And to prevent hny doubts that may arife concerning the privilege or power given, by former ails of parliament, to the faid governor and company, of exclufive banking, and alfo in regard to the ereiling any other bank or banks by parliament, or refraining other perfons from banking during the continuance of the faid privilege, granted to the governor and company of the bank of England, as before recited\ it is hereby further ena&ed, and declared. That it No other bank is the true intent and meaning of this a<9, that no other bank |hdlbeere&<Mi fhall be eredled, eftabliflied, or allowed by parliament; and that <junng the ** it fhall not be lawful for any body politick or corporate whatfo- continuance ever, ere&cd or to be eredled, or for any other perfons, united of the faid or to be united in Covenants or partnerfhip, exceeding the number of fix perfons, in that part of Great Britain called England, to number of ^ borrow, owe, or take up, any fum or Aims of money on their bankers in bills or notes, payable on demand, or at any lefs time than fix partnerfhip months from the borrowing thereof, during the continuance	**

the faid privilege to the faid governor and company, who are hereby declared to be and remain a corporation, with the privi- . lege of exclufive banking, as before recited, fubjedl to redemption on the terms and conditions before-mentioned; (that is to Condition of fay). On one year’s notice to be given after the firft day 0f redemption. Augujl one thoufand eight hundred and thirty-three, and repayment of the faid fum of three millions two hundred thoufand pounds, and all arrears of the faid one hundred thoufand pounds per annum \ and alfo upon repayment of the faid fum of eight millions four hundred and eighty-fix thoufand and eight hundred pounds, and the intereft or annuities payable thereon or in re-fpefl; thereof, and all the principal and intereft money that (hall be owing on all fuch tallies, excheqqer orders, exchequer bills, parliamentary funds, or Other government fecurities, which the laid governor and company, or their fuccefibrs, flaall have remaining in their hands, or be entitled to, at the time of fuch notice to be given as aforefaid, and not otherwise; any thing in . this a<ft, or any former atf or adts of parliament, to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

XVI.	And it is hereby further enatfed and declared, That What (hall be any vote or refolution of the houfe of commons, fignified by the gefent notke^ (peaker of the faid houfe in writing, and delivered at the publick office of the faid governor and company, or their fucccflbrs, fhall be deemed and adjudged to be a fufficient notice, within the words or meaning of this aany thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII.	And be it further ena<3ed. That this a£l (hall be Publick a&. deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick a&; arid judicially taken notice of by all judges, juftices, or other perfons whatfo^ ever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

C A P.

 I ^.ooqLcn

54° Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 29* [1800*:

C A* P. XXIX.

An afl for granting bounties on the importation of wheats whtaten flour^ and rice, until the Jirjl doy of O&ober one thoupnd tight hundred.—[April 4, i8op.J

Preamble* 1 X 7 HERE AS it is expedient that encouragement Jhould be given,

,	VV	for a limited time, to the importation into this kingdom of

wheat and wheaten flour, from the countries in the Mediterranean and America; and of wheat from any -of the ports of the Baltic, and from any of the ports of Germany, and any ports north of the Texe), and from the port of Archangel; and aljo for'the importation into w thisdringdom of rice: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enacted by the Kind’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual .	and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-

Certain boun- bled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the ties granted patting of this a ft, the feveral articles hereinafter mentioned, wheaten flour *mP°rtec* or brought into this kingdom in Brittfb (hips or veflels, and rice, im-*or in (hips or veflels belonging to perfons of any kingdom or ported before ftate in amity with his Majefty, however the fame may be navi-Oft. x, 1800. gated, there (hall be paid and allowed the following bounties;

(that is to fay), If the average price of wheat in all England, afeertained and publifted in the London gazette under the authority of any adt or adls of parliament, (hall be lefs than ninety fhillings per 'quarter, a bounty equal to* the difference of fuch average price, and fuch rate of ninety (hillings (hall be paid on every quarter of wheat which (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the firft day of October one thoufand eight hundred, from any port of Europe fouth of Cape Finsflerrty or from any port in the Mediterranean, or in Africa, or from any , of his Majefty’s colonies in America, or the United States; and that whenever the average price of wheat, afeertained and pub-lifted as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than eighty-five (hillings per

Suarter, there (hall be given on every quarter of wheat which lall be imported into Great Britain from any of the ports of the Baltic* or from any of the ports of Germany, or any ports north % of the 7exelf before the firft day of Oflober one thoufand eight hundred, a bounty equal to the difference between fuch average price in tfie London gazette and fuch rate of eighty-five (hillings; and that whenever the average price of wheat afeertained and publifted as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than ninety (hillings per quarter, there (hall be given, on every quarter of wheat which ftali be imported into Great Britain from the port of Archangel before the firft day of Oflober one thoufand eight hundred, a bounty eqiAl to the difference between fuch average price in the London gazette and fuch rate of ninety (hillings; and that whenever the average price of wheat, afeertained and publifted as aforefaid, ftali be lefs than one hundred (hillings per quarter, a bounty equal "to the difference between fuch average price and fuch rate of one hundred (hillings, (hall be paid on every fack of





rfloo.] Anno regoi quadragefimo Georgii III. c. zg. '	541

fine/wheaten flour of the weight of'two hundred and eighty pounds avoirdupois, and fo in proportion for any greater or lets quantity, according to the weight thereof, which (hall be imported or brought Into Great Britain before the faid firft day of Oftober from any of his Majefty’s colonies in America, or from # the United States; and for every fuch fack of fine wheaten flour which (hall be imported or brought intp Great Britain from any other country than his Majefty’s faid colonies and the faid United States, there {hall be paid a bounty equal to four-fifths of the bounty which would have been payable by this ad on a quarter of wheat* imported at fuch time, from every fuch country reflectively, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity, according to the weight thereof; and whenever the current price of rice imported into this kingdom, to be afcertained by the prices in the London market, (ball be lefc than one pound fifteen (hillings per hundred weight, a bounty equal to the difference between fuch current price and of one pound fifteen (hillings per hundred weight, on every one hundred weight oftice which (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the firft day of October one thoufand eight hundred.	Bounty on

II.	Andy in order that the bounty /hall be governed as near as may wheat and

be by the average price of wheat at the time of importation,, be it four, to be enaded, That fuch bounty (hall be paid upon fuch wheat and toC4e * flour refpe.dively, according to the average price of wheat in average price England and H^aiesy fo afcertained and publifhed in the London of wheat, gazette in the fecond week after fuch wheat and flour (hall have publifhcd in been imported.	jggSF

III.	Andy in order that the average prices of rice in the London wccfc after ^ market may be afcertained for the purpofes of this aCt, be it further importation. enaded, That, from and after the palling of this ad, every im- Importers of porter of rice within the city of London or the bills of mortality, rice within who (hall, from and after the palling of this ad, by himfelf or fcrt?,n Unfits, fworn broker, or any other agent, buy or fell any rice, (hall ^^any, return or caufe to be returned to the clerk to the grocers com- (hall return to pany, fuch and the like account in every refped as is required to the clerk to be returned with refped to fugar, by an ad pafled in the thirty- t*,c

fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An ad fjkTaccount for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the a8 is required bounty on the exportation of fugar, and for permitting the importation with reiped to of fugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda iflands in foreign %&ar> by 31 Jhipt; and the clerk to the grocers company (hall afeertain the j^ali average price in the London market, of all the rice fo bought caufe the ave-and fold as aforefaid during the continuance of this ad; and rage price to (hall caufe the fame to be publilhed in the London gazette in like .bc published manner in every refped as is direded by and according to fuch m the gazette, and the like regulations as are contained in the faid recited ad; and all the daufes, provifions, powers, penalties, forfeitures,

•matters, and things whatfoever in the faid recited ad contained, . relating to the delivering in fuch account as is in the faid recited . ad mentioned, and to the afeertatning and publiflung the average . prices of fugar, and all things relating thereto* (hall be and are.

hereby

 '

^.oogle

£42. Ahno regn't quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 29. [1800.

hereby declared to be fh full force during the continuance of this adl, with regard to rice, in as full and ample a manner as if the fame were feverally and respectively re-ena&ed and repeated in this a6t.

Bounties to be IV. And be it further enadled, That the fa id bounties Shall under the ma- under the management of the commiffioners of his Majcfty’s the c^ramifli- Cuft°ms *n England and Scotland refpedlively, and Shall be paid oners of cuf- out of any monies in their hands arifing by any of the dories or toips.	revenues under their management refpeclively, to the refpe&ive *

importers or confignees of fuch wheat, wheaten flour, and rice Entry to be refpedlively; provided always, That a due entry (hall be made port^f im-C	f>roP*r officers of the cuftoms, at the port into which

portation,and fuch articles (hall be imported: provided alfo, That thecolleftor proof given or other proper officer of the cuftoms of the port where fuch that the arti- w|ieat or wheaten flour (hall be imported, do receive full and from* mixture. fat*sfa^ory proof, that the faid wheat and wheaten flour, far ’ which the bounty herein allowed is claimed, is wholly and entirely without mixture of any other corn or grain, and that » in default thereof, the laid bounties (hall not nor (hall any of them be allowed or paid.

No bounces y; Provided always, and be it enadled, That none of tbe unlefs^hTar- bounties granted by this adl (hall be paid, allowed, or received, tfc!e& are im--unlefs the feveral articles in this adt enumerated and deferibed

ported at cer- (hall be imported or brought refpedlively into fome one or other tain places. ,0f his Majefty’s ports, (that is to fay). The ports of London, Aberyflwytb, Barnftapk, Beaumaris, Berwick, Biddeford} Boflon, Bridgewater, Bridporl, Brijlol, Cardiff, Cardigan, Cari'tjle, Carnarvon, Chejltr, Chichejler, Colchejler, Cowes, Dartmouth, Dover, Exeter, Falmouth, Fowey, Harwich, Hull, Ipfwicb, Lemc&fitr, Liverpool, Lyme, Lynn, Malden, Milford, NewcaJUe, Ncwhaven, Penzance, Plymouth, Poole, Portfmouth, Prejlon, Rocbejler, Sandwich, Scarborough, Sh or eh am, Southampton, Stockton, Sunderland, Swanfea, Wells, Weymouth, Whitehaven, Whitby, Wifbeach, Tar* mouth; Aberdeen, Ayr, Alloa, Borrcrwftoriefs, Campbeltoun, Dumfries, Dunbar, Port Dundas, Dundee, Grangemouth, Glafgtrw, including Port Glafgow, Greenock, including Kirkcaldy, Kirkcudbright, Leith, Lerwick, Montrofe, Perth, and IVigton.

Artkles im- VI. And be jt father enadled, That before any of the faid byC ar^es imported or brought into this kingdom for bounty under the officers of the regulations of this adfc, (hall be delivered out of. the charge the cuftoms of the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms of the port where' and two ikil- the fatne (hall be refpedViveJy fo imported or brought, fuch arti-who are to c^cs relpc&ivety &ail be carefully and attentively infpedied and certify examined by (uch officer or officers of the cuftoms as the com-whetherthey miffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpedlively arc fit for ma- {hail think fit to diredt for that duty, and two indiiierent and king bread, diiinterefted perfons experienced in the nature of the article to be fo infpedied and examined; which two indifferent and dif-interefted perfons (hall be chofen by the principal officers of the cuftoms at fuch port, or any two of them, whereof the colle&or for the time being (hail he one; which (aid officer or officers, of

the

 

£

t

$

$

->

1>

*

I*

*

c

t«

$

*

i

i

l8oo.] Anno regni quadragefuno G eorgii III. c. 29.	543

the cuftoms fo directed by the faid commiffioners of the cuftoms refpe&ivefy, and the faid two indifferent and difinterefted perrons, fo chofen as aforefaid to infpedt and examine the faid articles refpedfively, (hail, upon having viewed the fame, certify and declare upon their corporal oaths, fir ft admin iftered by the faid principal officers, or any two of them, whereof the collector (hall be one (who are hereby authored and required to admi-nifter the fame) whether the faid articles refpe&ively are or are not merchantable and fit for making bread 5 and if the feme (hall appear by fuch certificate to be merchantable and fit for making bread, the bounties refpe&ively granted by this a& (hall	v

be paid and allowed thereon; but it the fame (hall appear by fuch certificate not to be merchantable or fit for making bread, no bounty granted by this a& (hall be paid or allowed thereon.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid indifferent and Recompence difinterefted perfons fo chofen by the faid principal officers to in- iafoeaors. fpefl and examine the faid goods, (hall from time to *ime be p ^paid by an order of the commiffioncrs of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or any four or more of them, in England, or the commiffioners of his Majefty’s dbftoms in Scotland, or any three or more of them, out of any monies in their hands, arifing by any of the duties or revenues under their management refpe&ively, the following fums, by way of recompence or reward for their trouble ?n fo infpedling, examining, and certifying, (that is to fay).

The fum of orie penny per quarter for all wheat, or two hundred and eighty pounds weight avoirdupois of rice, infpe&ed and examined and certified by them as aforefaid, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity; and the fum of one penny ter barrel, of all wheaten flour, infpe&ed and examined and certified by them as aforefaid, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That in Commifli-cafe any of the faid articles herein enumerated and deferibed (hall oncr8 of cu^-be (0 imported or brought from any of the ports or places bount^on^ herein-mentioned into any of the refpe&ive ports herein alfo articles im-enumerated, fubfequent to the time limited by this a<5t, but be- ported before fore the fifteenth day of Ottober one thoufand eight hundred, it 0<^-(hall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s the veffel^ Cuftoms in England and Scotland refpefltively, to order the having failed bounty or bounties refpeSvvely to be paid thereon in like man- at fuch times, ner as if the faid articles had been imported within the time that they limited by this a<ft; provided proof (hall be made, to the fatis- “Jjnary ^ fa&ion of the faid commiffioners refpedfively, that the (hips or courfe of their veffeJs on- board of which refpe&iveiy fuch articles (hall be fo voyage have imported or brought, adhially and bona fide fet fail from fuch armed before refpe<3ive ports or places, for Great Britain^ in fuch time as they °ttot)er *• might in the ordinary courfe of their voyage have arrived in Great Britain before the faid firft day of Oftober one thoufand eight , hundred; and proof (half alfo be given, and entry (hall be made, and the goods infpe&ed and examined and certified in like man-Voi. aLD*	N	n	iter





Veflels arriv-

ing at a port where the

bounty is not allowed, may fail to one where it is.

Continuance of ad;

which may be altered or repealed this krtion.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 30. [1800. ner as is required by this aft, to authorife the payment of bounty on the laid,articles imported within the time limited by this aft.

IX.	And be it further enafted, That if any (hip or veffelhas arrived or (hall arrive at any port in Great Britain, where, according to the regulation of this aft, the bounty is not allowed, the faid (hip or veflel (hall and may lawfully depart from fuch port, without moleftation or hindrance, with the feveral articles on board, and may carry the fame to any other port of Great Britain at which the fame may be entered for the bounty, and there enter, land, and deliver the fame, fubjeft neverthelefs to each and every the rules, regulations, conditions, and reftric-tions of this aft.

X.	And be it further enafted. That this aft (hall continue in force until the fifteenth day of October one thoufand eight hundred.

XI.	Provided always, That any part of this aft may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any aft or afts to be made in this prefent feiTion of parliament.

C A P. XXX.

An aft for extending, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred, until the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, the period of preference, granted

and continued by feveral afts to bodies corporate and perfons for the redemption of land tax; and for enlarging feveral of the powers

contained in the faid afts.— [April 4, 1800.]

•Preamble.





fit

ell;

lor

te

fie;

nrit

k

ter

p

Off

fe

ki

hlii

fc

WHEREAS it is expedient that the period within which all bodies corporate and politick, companies and perfons mentioned , in feveral afts pajfed in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years of his prefent Majefifs reign, were allowed the benefit of preference in contracting for the redemption of any land tax therein mentioned; and which was, by an a ft of the prefent fejfion of parliament, extended until the twenty fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred, Jhould be revived, continued, and further extended \ and that further provifion Jhould be made for facilitating the redemption of the land tax, by arcbbtjhops, bijhops, and other ecclefiafikal perfons, and by all corporations : may it therefore pleafeyour Majefty that it may be enafted \ and be it enafted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, arid by the Corpwations authority of the fame, That all bodies corporate and politick, entitJS to re- comPan,es anc* perfons in the faid afts mentioned, who, by the deem land fame a&s» or any °f them, were empowered to contraft for the tax till March redemption of the land tax charged on any manors, meffuages, m~h lan<*s» tenements, or hereditaments, of which they were or is x8do, *rCh	be	in	poffeflion,	or to the rents and profits whereof they

*	*	were or (hould be beneficially entitled, or in which they (hould

have any eftate or iotereft in remainder, reverfion, or expeftanejj or, being fubftitute heirs of entail, (hould be entitled in their order to fucceed to, in preference to any other bodies, corporation^

met,

W

N

te»<

I*;

Hi.



ei.

, \

%

\v-



I

1800.] Anno regni quadragefTmo Georgii III. c. 30.	545

■ rations, companies, or other perfons whatsoever, not having an ; eftate or intereft therein, and the relpective committees, curators, tutors, guardians, or trufrees of fuch perfons on their behalf refpeftively, are hereby declared to have, and (hall con-•r- tinue to have, and be entitled to fuch and the like preference in the redemption of fuch land tax over fuch other bodies, corpo-rations, companies, or perfons, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred, until and upon the •»} twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one.

II.	And be it further enacted, That fo much, and fuch of the So much of 38 - provisions of an aft, paSTed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign ^e™u-re86°’

of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a5l for making perpetual,	c3nfent of

fubjeft to redemption and purchafe in the manner therein fated, thee ommiffion-■. ( feveral fums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax crs to the for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven *J	hundred and ninety-eighty as require that the commiffioners ap- repealed.*

^	pointed, or to be appointed, for carrying that aft into execution.

Shall confent to and approve of the grant of any mortgage or any rent charge thereby authorifed to be made or granted by any bodies corporate or politick, Or companies, and alfo fuch pro-vifions as require that a fchedule Should be produced, and one month’s notice in writing given to the faid commiffioners previously to any fuch mortgage or grant, and all fuch other c	provisions as require the fanftion, direftion, authority, or con-

tV	currence of the faid commiffioners to or in any fuch mortgage

• or grant, Shall, from and immediately after the paffirtg of this aft, be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

III.	And be it further enafted. That every mortgage or rent Mortgages to

: ^	charge which	(hall be made or granted from and after the paffing be made un-

of this aft, by any fuch bodies politick or corporate, or compa- 0*thecom^ x*f	nies as aforetaid, for the purpofe of redeeming all or any part of miOIoners ap-

i'fi	the land tax charged upon any manors, mefluages, lands, tene- pointed by

ments, or hereditaments belonging to them, whether the fame fetors patent Shall be in their own poffelfion, or let to tenants at will, or from ^der^Geo. rfi year to year, or for any term of years abfolute or determinable 3’ jfi	on a life or	lives, for which a fine or premium was or Shall be

fy	paid, or for	lives, where a rent was or (hall be referved or a

'JM; fine or premium paid. Shall be made under the direftion and f authority of the commiffioners appointed by his Majefty by let-ters patent under the great fcal of Great Britain, under the authority of an aft, pafled in the thirty-ninth year of his prefent fi Maiefty’s reign, intituled. An aft to amend and render tnore ejfec-turn two aflSy paffed in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefifs f reign and the prefent fejfum of parliament, for the redemption and f purchafe of the land tax; and every fuch mortgage or rent charge, f when approved of and confirmed by the faid ^laft-mentioned '/ commiffioners, or any two or more of them, certified by their ^ ^Signing and fealing the deed or deeds creating the fame, (hall be valid and effeftual.	-

IV,	And be it further enafted, That the commiffioners la ft j ; herein-before mentioned, (hall and may have and exercife, and £hc feme y\ gre hereby invefted with all and fingular the fame powers and powers touch-f	n	n	2	authorities	f“ch	g™19

54$

as they have concerning fales of manorst See•

Anna regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 30. [1800.

authorities of controul, diferetion, confent, approbation, and confirmation, and of requiring information* and of receiving affidavits and depofitions to be taken by and before the fame perfons, and all other powers and authorities touching and concerning any fuch mortgage or rent charge as laft herein-before* mentioned, as they are inverted with by the ad laft herein-be* fore referred to, touching and concerning the fates of manor** mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments thereby made fubjeet to their controul, diredion, and confirmation*

Governors of V. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the ^antyiiuw * g°vcraors of thc bounty of Queen Anne* for the augmentation pucchafe rent die maintenance of the poor clergy, who are authorifed by the charges grant- afore-mentioned ads, or any of them, to lay out monies applied by re&ors, cable towards the augmentation of livings, in and for the redemp*

wgmentedby tlon lanc* Ux» ^r0m twnc t0 to *aX out the bounty, * or ^U(ns as now ts or are or (hall be hereafter applicable for that that they may purpofe, by virtue of the fame ads, or any of them, in, for, or be ertinguifh- towards the purchafing any rent charge or rent charges which (hall cd*	have been or (hall be granted under the authority of any of the

faid ads, or of this act, by any redor, vicar, or curate, of any living or livings which the faid governors have already agreed or (hall hereafter agree to augment; and fuch rent charge or rent charges, when fo purchafed, (hall be furrendetedto fuch re*3or, vicar, or curate, as the cafe may be?, or his fucceffors, to the intent that the fame may fink and be extinguiihed for the benefit of fuch living or livings.

Trufteca for VI. And be it further enaded, That it (hall be lawful for the thC urider ^any tI5u.^°?s *ot	t^4Tie being of any truft property heretofore given

wills^may ^ by 10 J will for the purpofe of being laid out in the purchafc of execute the lands or impropriate tithes for the benefit of the poor clergy of powers given England> and who were empowered by an aft, pafled in the rcdem^°tion^)f ^iny-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majcftjr, intituled, land tax con-	t0 e)darge the time limited for the redemption of the land tax>

traded for by and to explain and amend an al7* made in4he laft feffion of porlia* incumbents, meat, intituled]9 c An aft for making perpetual, fubjeft to redemption and purchafe in the manner therein Jlatedt the feveral furn if money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one ywr, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eighty and by another ad, pafled in the fame feffioh of parliament, intituled. An aft for enlarging the time limited by ctr-tain afts puffed^ for the redemption of the land tax* and for explaining and amending the famey to apply their funds therein-mentioned for the redemption or purchafe of land tax charged upon the lands, tithes, or other profits, anting from any living or livings belonging to the church of England\ which, (hould have been contracted for on or before the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred, to carry into execution all and every the faid powers for the redemption or purchafe of fuch land taxy which (hall have been or (hall be controlled for by the incumbent or incumbents of any living or livings, in the manner direded by the faid firft-mentioaed ad, at any time before the

twenty*

until March as, i8or.

I

%

 (^.ooQle

i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 30.	547

twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one; and the transfer of flock or payment of money for fuch tedemp-tion (hall hare effeft from the quarter day preceding foch transfer or payment; and all other afts, matters, and things, which tft&

(aid truftees might fully have done under and by virtue of the &id a<fts, or either 6f them, fliall be as valid and effe&ual to exonerate and difcharge the lands, tithes, and other profits of fuch living or livings from the payment of the land tax redeemed, as if fuch land tax had been contra&ed for on or before the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred j and all tontra&S made before the paffing of this a& {hall be valid and fefleflual, for the purpofes in the faid a&s mentioned, notwith-flanding any limitations of time therein contained.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That it (hall be lawful for Governors of the governors of the charity for the relief of the poor widows reHrfof and children of clergymen, under the direction and authority of thc w’,dows any two or more of the commiflioners appointed by the faid a<5t and children pafled in the thirty-ninth year of his prefent Majefty's reign* in- of clergymen, tituled, An aft to amend and render more effectual two afis paffid in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Maje/tfs reign ahd the prefent Qf two com-fejfm of parliament, for the redemption and pur chafe of the land tax, mi Hi oners ap-to fell and difpofe of any manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, pointed by and hereditaments, given to them by any will, either generally 39 Gea j. in truft for the relief of fuch poor widows or children as afore- Un”s'gfvcn faid, or fubje6t to any qualifications or reftruflions as to the by will, and mode of applying fuch relief, in the extent of the allowance to purchafe the be made to individuals, and to apply the money arifing by fuch land tax on fale or foies for the purpofe of purchafing or redeeming land tax veiLdintheau charged on any manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, veiled in fuch governors, for the purpofes of their charity.

Vlfa. And be it further enafted. That where the land tax Where the charged upon the glebe lands, tithes, or other profits of any land tax on living or livings in the patronage of any college, cathedral	*

church, hail, or houfe of learning in either of the univerfities of °n thep'atrmi-Oxford and Cambridge, or in the patronage of either of the col- age of pxford leges of Eaton or lVtncheftery or of any truftee or truftees for any or Cambridge* fuch college, cathedral church, hall, or hotife of learning as ^^hefte? atorefaid, (hall not have been redeemed or purchafed by the in- (hail no^ have cumbent of fuch living or livings, it fhall be lawful for the been pur-corporations of fuch colleges, cathedral churches, halls, or chafed by the houfes of learning refpeftively, to purchafe or redeem the fame jhe'cor^ra. on the fame terms as perfons entitled in remainder to fuch glebe tion8°may * lands, tithes, or other profits would be capable of fo doing, and purchafe it as to provide for fuch purchafe or redemption by a fale of any lands perfons cn-or tenements belonging to fuch corporations refpe&ively. or by J^^/and the grant of any rent charge, which they could or might law- raa‘ fcinand# fully make for the redemption or purchafe of any land tax charged for that pur-on their own lands, and the land tax fo redeemed (hall be forth- but the with extinguilhed; but fuch college, cathedra! bhurch, hall, houfe of learning refpe&ively (hall neverthelefs bt entitled to ah ^ f0 a rent

N K 3	Digitized	annua)	charge cqtuvA-

548

lent to the

amount, unless it ihall be declared in writing, that the rent charge ihall be fuipended.

Patrons redeeming land tax (hall have the like remedies for recovery of the amount as landlords have for rent.

When the purchafe of any reverfion of land holden by leafe (hall bp made

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 30, [1800.

annual rent charge iffuing out of fuch living, equivalent to the amount of fuch land tax, which (hall be recoverable by adlion, fuit, diftrefs, or any other means, by which rents referved by leafes are recoverable at law, unlefs it (ball be declared in writing, under the common feal of the body or bodies having fuch right of patronage or nomination, at the time of prefcntingor nominating any clerk or clerks to fuch living or livings, that fuch rent charge (hall be fufpended during his or their in* cumbency or refpetfive incumbencies; which declaration the body or bodies entitled to nominate to fuch living or livings (hall from time to time be competent to make; and fuch fufpenlion (hall be without prejudice to the right of the faid body or bodies to recover the fame after the next or any future avoidance; provided always, That any declaration made by fuch laft-mentioned bodies, or any of them, at the time of redeeming the faid land tax, (hall be as available during the incumbency of the then reclor, vicar, or curate, as if it had been made at the time of his being preferred to fuch living.

IX.	And be it further enadled, That where any lantl tax, charged upon any retfory, vicarage, or other living, (hall have been or (hall hereafter be redeemed by the patron or patrons thereof, and fuch redlory, vicarage, or other living, (hall thereby have been or (hall be exonerated from fuch land tax, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch patron or patrons, his^ her, or their heir?, executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, from time to time to ufe the fame powers and remedies for the reco* very of the amount of fuch land tax as landlords can or may ufe for the recovery of rents in arrear.

X.	And whereas by the faid aft, paffed irt the thirty •ninth year of his Majeflfs reign, it is enacted, That upon the purchafe os therein mentioned, of the reverfion of any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, holden by any leafe as therein-mentioned by or with the proper monies of the perfon or perfons for the time being beneficially entitled to the rents and profits thereof \ fuch reverfion fhall be fettled under the direction of the faid commiffmers, fio as and in fuch manner as that the amount of the money paid for the pmhoft thereof, with lawful inter eft, may be a charge on fucb reverfion Jor the benefit of the perfon or perfons advancing the fame, his, her, or their executors, ad;niniflraters, and affigns, and that fubjeft thereto the fee-fimple of fuch manors, meffuages. Lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fhall he fettled for the benefit of the perfon or perfons fo purchafing the fame, and of fuch other perfon or perfons as would have been entitled to the benefit of any renewed leafe, as in the faid flft mentioned: and whereas no power is thereby given to charge the fuhftfting eflates in fuch manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, with the money to be advanced for fuch purchafe, or to make any fuch charge, except where the monies advanced are the proper monies of the perfon or perfons beneficially entitled to the rents and profits thereof: be it enadled. That when any fuch purchafe of any fuch reverfion (hall be made by or on the behalf of the perfons entitled to the benefit of any fubfifting leafe or leafes, the immediate

eftates

1

' c

t

p

*

v

r

i s

ui

it

V

r

at'

IT,

k

IV,

Vf

h:

ecu

ft,

I *1

I k

fcf

OV:

k

tu

kd

if

i r;

“T,

I tit

, k

1 tt

i

4

*1

a

k

(n

k

k

Pi

tii

k

9.

ti

V

i

k

)

t

iSoo.] Annoregni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 30.	549

eftates and interefts, as well as the reverfion expe&ant thereon, hy perfons fhall be charged with and made fubjeft to the re-payment of the principal money to be advanced for the purchafe of fuch reverfion, fubfifting with intereft for the fame, as the faid commiflioners fhall dired: leafe, the im-provided always, That the perfons entitled fuccefliveJy to the mediate inte-rents and profits of fuch manors, lands, tenements, and heredi- 35 theVeverW taments refpeClivcly, fhall be made chargeable with the intereft ^oa accrued during his or her eftate therein, and that no greater chargeable arrear than for one year fhall be recoverable againft any perfon with the mo-who fhall become entitled in remainder for intereft accrued ™J during the eftate or term of any perfon or perfons entitled to &Ce 1 er * any preceding eftate or intereft in the premifes.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That it fhall be lawful for all Kthe* and every perfon or perfons, who is or are or fhall, for the time imple of being, be entitled to the immediate reverfion or remainder to lands, fubjeCt any manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to the fublift-which fhall have been granted by any former owner or owners inS

for any beneficial leafe or leafes, or by any copy or copies of forthere-”^ court roll, or by any other grant, according to the cuftom of demption of any manor, for life or lives, or years abfolute, or years deter- the land tax minable upon any life or lives, to fell and difpofe of the fee- thereon^and Ample and inheritance of any fuch manors, mefluages, lands, limited tenements, or hereditaments, fubjed to the fubfifting interefts to the iamt of fuch refpeClive leflees, copyholders, or other cuftomary tenants, ufes. for the purpofe of railing money for the redemption of the land tax charged thereon, and alfo on any other manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and whether in the fame or different counties, the reverfion, fee-fimple, and inheritance , whereof fhall be fettled and limited to the fame ufes, and in the fame order and courfe of limitation, in like manner, and under the like reftriCIions, as he, fhe, or they could or might have done in cafe fuch fubfifting leafehold and copyhold eftates and intereft, had been granted by him, her, pr them.	Where anvop-

XII,	And be it further enabled, That in all cafes where, in tion (lull have any contrad for the redemption of any land tax, an option ^onfiderth-fhall have been declared to confider the perfon or perfons, contractor for bodies, corporations, or companies contracting for fuch land tax, the land tax on the fame footing as a perfon not interefted in the manors, °n the &mc mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments comprized in ^^ongno8t*n, fuch contract, by reafon whereof the faid manors, mefluages, terefted in the lands, tenement*, or hereditaments remain chargeable to land lands, he may tax, and the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or com- within three panies, who lhall have entered into fuch contract, his, her, or March^? f their heirs, executors, adm ini ftra tors, a Signs, or fucceflors, fhal! l8o0f apply to be defirous of exonerating the manors, mefluages, lands, tene- the comraif-ments, or hereditaments comprized in fuch contraCt from land fioners, who tax, it fhall be lawful for him, her, or them, at any time

within the fpace of three calendar months after the twenty-fifth exonerating day erf March one thoufand eight hundred, to make application the land from for that purpofe to the commiffioners fpecially appointed for the the tax, and purpofes of the faid ads, for the county y riding, fnire, ftewartry, city, town, or place, where fuch manors, mefluages, lands, enter into* osw

n n a	tenements-	nn«

5fo Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III; c. 30. {1800.

tenements, or hereditaments, {halt be fituate; and on every fuch application, and on the produ#ion of a certificate of the amount of land tax then charged on fuch manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and oPthe contra# for the redemption of fuch land tax, to the faid commiflioners, it (hall be lawful for them, or any two or more of them, to contra# with fuch perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, and companies, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, afligns, or fucceflors, for exonerating their faid manors, meffu-ages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments from land tax; and in every fuch cafe where it (hall appear by fuch certificate and contra#, that no variation has taken place in the mean time in the amount of fuch land tax, to amend, or caufe to be amended, any fuch contra#, by ftriking out all fuch parts thereof as relate to the declaration of fuch option therein, and to certify their having fo done, under their refpe#ive hands ape! feals, on the back of fuch contra#; which contra#, with fuch indorfemenr, being afterwards regiftered in the manner and within the time directed by the faid a#s, in cafes of entering into contrails, the manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments comprized therein, (hall be wholly exonerated from land tax from the faid twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred; and in every fuch cafe where-it (hall appear by fuch certificate of the amount of land tax, and contra# for redemption thereof refpe#ively, that the amount of land tax then charged upon the /	manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments com-

prized therein, is either more or lefs than the amount of land tax redeemed in fuch contra#, it (hall be lawful for fuch com-miflioners, or any two of them, to refeind fuch contra#, and to enter into a new contra# for the redemption of the land tax which (hall be then charged upon the faid manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to take place from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred, without any declaration of an option being inferted therein; and on the back of fuch new contra# to infert a true copy of any receipt or receipts indorfed oa the original contra#, purporting to be given by any calhier or cafhiers of the bank of England, or by any receiver or receivers general of land tax, for the confideration, or any part thereof, to be paid or transferred, and a#ually paid ^°beexone-* anc^ trans^erre(i on fiich original contra#; provided that no fuch rated where manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments (ball the land tax be exonerated in any cafe where any fuch land tax (hall have has been en- been encreafed, unleis the perfon or perfons, bodies, corpora-Sepau-ty ihaJll t*on$> Qr companies, fo applying as aforefaid, (hall contra# ro contn# to transfer, and (hall, at the time to be mentioned in fuch contra#, transfer fo accordingly transfer, at the bank of Englandfo much three th)10*! three P0UDC*S Per C£ntum confolidated bank annuities, or pay to the percents.6or rcceiver general of the county, riding* (hire, ftewartry, city, pay to the borough, tawnlx or place, where the fame (hall be fituate, fo receiver gene- much money as the cafe may require, in addition to the amount SLvfudi ad- money &all have been already paid, or of dock already r	"	transferred

*	* '	Digitized	by	

1800.] Annoregnj quadragefimo GeoRgii III. c. 30.	531

transferred in refpe# of fuch land tax, as (hall be neceflary to ditional fums redeem the whole of the land tax contracted for in and by fuch as be new contract: provided alfo, That in every fuch cafe where the ^herlthe*1 land tax contracted for as aforefaid (hall have been in the mean land tax has time decreafed, and a new contract, (hall be entered into for the been decreaf-redemption of the land tax then charged as aforefaid, in purfu- e<*» ance of this act, the commiffioners who fhall enter into fuch laft be Entered in-mentioned contract (hall certify, in writing, figned by two or to, the com-* more of them to the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, the mifiionersftiall feveral amounts of the flock, or money contracted, to be trans- certify the ferred or paid by, and actually transferred or paid in purfuance ^°ftock of the original and new contracts refpectively, and it (hall there- transferred, upon be lawful for the faid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes or money to order and direct the governor and company of the bank of Pnld>

England\ or any receiver or receivers general of land tax of the for^e affairs* county, riding, (hire, ftewartry, city, or place, where fuch Gf taxes, who manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments fhall frail order be fituate refpetively, in cafes where more or a greater confide- the difference ration has been transferred or paid on the original contract than to ** the confideration inferred in the new contract, to repay all fuch monies, to the perfon or perfons, bodies, corporations, or companies, who fhall appear to be entitled unto the fame, as fhall be due and payable in refpect of fuch difference in the confide-rations of land tax, if fuch monies (hall not have been veiled in flock, and in cafes where fuch flock hath been purchafed and placed in the name of the commiffioners for the reduction of the national debt, then upon a certificate, figned by any three or more of the faid commiffioners for the affairs or taxes, of the amount of flock transferred upon the original contra#, and the amount required to be transferred upon the new contra#, it fhall be lawful for the faid commiffioners for the reduction of the national debt, or any one or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby required to transfer the difference between fuch amounts of flock fo certified to the perfon or perfons, bodies , corporate or companies, entitled unto the fame j which new contra#s being regiftered in the manner and within the time dire#ed by the faid a#s, the manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments comprized therein, fhall be wholly exonerated from land tax from the faid twenty-fifthL day of March one thoufand eight hundred.

XIII.	And be it further ena#ed, That any deed or deeds Deeds (hall be required by the faid a#s, or any of them, fhall be valid and ^^iWin^fix* efie#ual, although the fame fhall not have been inrolled or re* months after giftered within fix calendar months from the time of the execu* palling this tion thereof, provided the fame fhall be inrolled or regiftered

within fix months after the pafling of this a#.

XIV.	And be it further ena#ed, That all and fingular the This a6h and provifions in this a# (hall, in the execution of the above-men- t^becot^*9'' tioned a#s, be ufed, applied, and continued, as if the fame toge-provifions. were fpecifically ena#ed in the faid a$s; and all and ther asoneafk every the provifions of the faid a#s in the execution of

igitlze< (except^

55*- Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii HI. c. 31, 32. [1800.

(except where the fame are hereby exprefsly varied) (hall be ufed, extended, and conftrued, in. like manner as if the fame provifions (except as aforefaid) were fpecially enafted in this aft,

CAP. XXXI.

An sit for appointing commiflionera to put in execution an aft of this fefiion of parliament, intituled, An aft for continuing and granting to his Majefty a duty on penfions, offices, and perfonal eftates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain duties on fugar, malt, tobacco, and InufF, for the fcrvice of the year one thoufand eight hundred, together with thofe named In two former afts for appointing coramiffioners of the land tax.—[April 34, 1800.]

CAP XXXII.

An aft for indemnifying perfons ferving in volunteer corps, who have omitted to take out certificates for wearing hair powder; and to amend fo much of an an made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An aft fbr granting to his Ma-'	jefty a ^ury on certificates iftiied for ufmg hair powder,

as relates to the exempting perfons ferving in volunteer corps, and certain officers in his Maje/ly's navy ferving on the efiablijhment of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, from the faid duty; and for '	obliging perfons claiming to be exempt from the duties on horfes

provided and furnijbed for volunteer corps to deliver certificates thereof to the proper officers.—[April 24, 1800.J

Preamble.	THERE	AS	by	an an paffed in the thirty-fifth year of the

35 Gje<x 3. W feign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An aft fur granting c* 49*	to his Majefty a duty on certificates iffued for ufing hair powder;

it was amongfi other things enacted, 7bat nothing in the faid afi con-tained fbould extend> or be confined to extend, to charge with the duty thereby impofed any officer or private man in any corps of yeomanry or volunteer/, either cavalry or infantry, raifed by virtue of an afi% paffed in the thirty - fourth year of his prefent Majefiy's reign, intituled^ 34 Geo. 3. An aft for encouraging and difeiplining fuch corps or companies c*	of men, as (hall volunrarily enroll therofelves for the defence of

their counties, towns, or coafts, or for the general defence of the kingdom during the prefent war: and whereas doubts have arifsn an the faid firjl recited adl with refpeft to many officers and private men in fuch corps as to fuch exemption: and whereas many officers and private men in fuch corps ufmg hair powder, havey through ignorance, ‘ and conceiving themfelves to be exempt from the faid duty, omitted to make fuch entries and obtain fuch certificates as are required by the faid firfl-rccitbd all, whereby they are or may become liable to the penalty contained therein \ for remedy whereof may it pleafi? your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirkua) and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament Perfons in-	aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,	That every perfon

rolled arid	inrolled and ferving in any volunteer corps,	or in any corps or

volunteer	bocty of men aflociated for the defence of any city, town, or place,

corps, indem- and for maintaining publick tranquillity and	good order within

nified for	the fame, whether of cavalry or infantry, and	ufing hair powder,

ufing hair	^	who

 LjOOQle

180o.] Anno regiri quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 52.	553

who (hall have omitted to obtain a certificate, for that purpofe, as powder with-, required by the faid recited aft of the thirty-fifth year of his pre- cateuntd "* fent Majefty’s reign, (hall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, April 5> t$0Q% and difeharged, from and againft all penalties and forfeitures incurred, or to b eincurred, for or by reafon of having ufad or worn hair powder, or for or by reafon of wearing or ufing hair powder, until and upon the fifth day of April one thoufand eight hundred, without having obtained a certificate for that purpofe, in purfuance of and according to the directions of the faid firft-recited aft.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That nothing ex^ept wll5rc

0	#	J	*	*	o	UldiTClTlCIlt

jn this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to '^alj havc indemnify any perfon againft whom any final judgement or fen- been given fence (ball have been given in any aftion, bill, plaint, or infor- before March mation, or by anv ma^ifirate or juftice of the peace, before rhe x> l8°0, firft day of March one thoufand eight hundred, for any penalty or forfeiture for any fuch omifiion or negleft as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enafted, That, from and after the fifth Aftcr April 5, day of Aprilonc thoufand eight hundred, nothing in the faid recited ,er£bn8fhall aft of the thirty-fifth yearof his prefent Majefty’s reign contained, notbecharged (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to charge with the duty with the duty thereby impofed, any perfon inroiled or to be inrolled, and aftually if the corps ferving in any volunteer corps; or in any corps or body of men belon ^be^^ aflociated for the defence of any city, town, or place, and for Jithin the maintaining publick tranquillity and good order within the fame, provifions of whether of infantry or cavalry, which now are or (hall her^fter 39 Geo- 3*

be raifed ; provided that fuch corps or body of men (hall be with- J** comply in the provifions of an aft, parted in rhe thirty-ninth year of the with the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for exempting, during regulations the prefent war, per fans Jerving in volunteer corps and ajfociations from therein re-being hallotted for the militia, under certain conditions; and that the title them to" commanding officer of fuch corps or body of men, and the perfon t>e exempted claiming to be difeharged of and from the faid duty upon hair from ferving powder certificates in purruance of this aft, (hall have refpeftively mthe complied with and conformed to the feveral provifions and regu-lations contained in the faid aft of the thirty-ninth year of his Majefty’s reign aforefaid, and by the faid aft required, to entitle any perfon therein mentioned to be exempt from being liable to ferve perfonally, or to provide a fubftitute in any militia.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That everyPerfonsdaim-perfon claiming to be exempt by virtue of this aft, of and from i?g exemp-the faid duty upon hair powder certificates, (hall, in lieu and in-

ftead of delivering, or caufing to be delivered, an account of his deliver a name and place of abode in the manner required by the faid aft certificate in of the thirty-fifth year of his Majefty’s reign, deliver or caufe to the form an-be delivered a certificate in the form in the fchedule to this aft annexed marked (A), in like manner in every refpeft as is requir- recefpt from ed with refpeft to the making of the entries required to be made'the proper in purfuance of the faid aft; and the proper officer appointed to irtue °j^cer afrce* certificates under the faid Jaft recited aft (ball thereupon iflue a receipt for fuch certificate made out in the name of fuch officer, igued,

which,aTP

Digitized b}

554 Anno regni quadragefimo Georqii 1IL c. 32. [idou,

which receipt (hall be in the form in the fchedule to this aft an* nexed marked (BJ.

Officers under v. And whereas doubts have ari/ert whether officers holding com-wmmander m*JFlons ** &,s Majc/fy’s navy under the rank of commander, employed employed on °* the ejlabli/bment of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, are exempt thcettabhfh- from the duty granted by thefhid *recited a Si : be it therefore enaftetf, mentof That nothing in the faid aftcontained (hall extend, or be confirued hofnh^ex- *° cxtcn^y to charge with the duty by the faid recited aft itnpofed, empted from *ny officer holding a commiffion in his Majefty’s navy under the

the duty.

Perfon* ferv ing in any volunteer corps of cavalry, and thofe furnilh-ing borfes for

rank of commanderf who (hall be employed on the el\abli(hment of the royal hofpital at Greenwich.

VI. And be it further enafted, That from, and after the fifth day of Aprilone thoufand eight hundred, every perfon ferv* ing in any volunteer corps of cavalry, and who (hall ufe any horfe, mare, or gelding for fuch fervice, and every perfon furnifhing any horfe, mare, or gelding, for any perfons ferving in any fuch corps as aforefaid, who (hall refpefhvely claim to be exempt from

thatpurpofc, *	-	,	.	«	t	✓	_	^	f .	« , .

ihajl, to end- the payment of the duties granted by an act, palled in the rnirty-

tleto rheex- eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An all thtdut onm> rePea^nZ tb* duties upon male fervants, carriages, horfes, mules, fuch horfes and digs, and for granting to his Majejly other duties in lieu thereof, under 38 Geo. in refpeft of any fuch horfe, (hall, between the fifth day of April j. c. 4.1. and the thirtieth day of Moy in every year, deliver and caufe to be deliver yearly, delivered by every perfon for whom any fuch horfe {hall be fur~ 5>CandCMayn n,&c^as aforefaid, a certificate in the form in the fchedule to this 30, acertin- aft annexed marked (A), at one of the refpeftive offices in the cate in the fa id laft recited aft mentioned, or to the furveyor, infpeftor, or perfon appointed by the commiftioners for the affairs of taxes to receive lifts under the faid recited aft as the fame may require; and every fuch perfon, upon the delivery of fuch certificate, (hall be entitled to receive, and (hall receive from the furveyor, infpeftor, or other perfon aforefaid, to whom fuch certificate (hall be delivered in purfuance of this aft, a receipt in the form in the fchedule to this aft annexed marked (B) ; and every perfon claiming to be exempt from the faid duty (hall be charged and chargeable to the duties by the faid recited aft granted for every horfe, mare, or gelding, fo ufed or furnifhed as aforefaid, in re-fpeft whereof fuch certificate as aforefaid, (hall not have been delivered purfuant to the provifions of this aft; any thing in any aft to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

marked (A) to the officer appointed to rcceivf lifts under recited att, who (hall give a receipt in the form marked (B).

SCHEDULE.

(A.)

FORM OF CERTIFICATE.

I	commanding officer of the	do	hereby	cer-

tify, in purfuance of an act palled in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled. An aft [	forth

title of this ail], that the mufter rolls, certificates, and returns, of the laid corps (or allocation), required by an ad, palled in the

~	,	thirty-

 VjOOQLC

r,,

;'3' IDS rtf 1 T



I;v

t •

I

if

•1

•t

l8oa] Annp regni quadragefuno Georgii III. c. 33*

thirty-ninth year of his Majefty’s reign, intituled, /fa aft for ex* erupting, during the prefent war, perfons ferving in volunteer corps and ajjodations from being baliotted for the militiay under certain conditions, have been duly delivered and returned according to the regulations of the faid aft; and that the faid corps [or aflociation) hath, in the courfe of the three months immediately preceding the date hereof, being infpefted by	general	(or	field)

officer in his Majefty’s fervice, (or hath not been infpefted by any general (or field) officer, but is ready and willing to be infpefted), and that A. B. is inrolled and ferving in the faid corps (or aflociation), and hath, fmce thedateof his inrolment, duly attended at the exercife of the faid corps (or aflociation,) unlefs prevented byficknefs, or by fuch other fufficient reafon as hath been duly aU lowed by me, or by the commanding officer of the faid corps (or aflociation), for the time being.

Signed -

*■	Commanding	officer.

Dated the day of

■	wtUummm—

(B.)

FORM OF RECEIPT.

No.

Ido hereby certify. That	hath	this	day	delivered at	a	certificate	from	the	commanding	officer	of

the corps (or aflociation) of	for	the	purpofe	of	exempting him the faid	from	the payment of the faid duty on

hair powder certificates, (ory on horfes, mares, or geldings, provided or famifhed by him for the faid corps, as the cafe may be\ purfuant to the direftions of an aft, parted in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft [Irere infert the title of this at7].

Signed

Defcription whether officer of 1 Jlamps or ajfcffied taxes 3

Dated the	day	of

5SS

CAP. XXXIII.

Ati aft to enable the lords commiffioners of his Mdjeflys treafury to ijfue exchequer bills, to a limited amount, on the credit of fucb aids or fupplies as have been or /ball be granted by parliament, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred $ and to enable the governor and company of the bank of England to advance caft> or bullion, to be remitted abroad on account of foreign fubfidies or fer* vices abroad.—[May 1, 1800.]

WHEREAS it may be neceffary for the publick fervice that preamble.

exchequer bills to a limited amount fhould be ijfued, on tin credit of fuch aids or fupplies as have been or /hall be granted byparlia*

The treafury may ifl'ue exchequer biHs

$$$	Anno	regni	quadragefimo Georgii HI. c. 33, [1800.

merit for the fervtce of the year one thoufand eight hundred: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it * may be enafted; and* it enafted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it .(hall and may be lawful for the __ lords commilhoners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or to the amount more of them, now or for the time being, or the lord high trea-offeven mil- furer for the time being, if they or he fhall judge it advifeable at ably8t^hofe an^ time or t'mes a^ter *he Pa®ng of this aft, to prepare or make, iflued under and iffue, or caufe to be prepared or made and iffued, any num-thcmaltadtof ber of new exchequer bills, aot exceeding in exchequer bills this feflion	current at the fame time, the fum of feven millions, in the fame

c. ij to be	or likemanner, form, and order, and according to the feme or like

rules and directions (except where other directions for making out the fame are contaimed and particularly exprefled in this aftj, as ia and by an act, made in the prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred, are enacted and preferibed concerning payable out of die exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the faid aftj fupplies for which faid exchequer bills fhall be payable at any timeout of all 1800,14 days or any of the.' aids or fupplies which have been or (hall be Gazette* See Srante(* ty parliament for the fervice of the year one thoufand *	*	eight hundred, on fourteen days notice being given by publick

advertifement in the Gazette, and in three or more of the London newfpapers,ofthe day of payment thereof: provided always, That every fuch exchequer bill fhall and may be figned by the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, or in his name, by any perfon duly authorifed by the faid auditor to ftgn the fame, with the approbation of the lords commiflioners of the treafury, in -	writing under their hands, or of any three or more of them.

II.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing herein

under this aft contained fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend to authorifethe exchequer	lords commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury to iffue any cxche-

bills onthe	quer bills on the credit of any duties or taxes granted by an aft

Geo fa	Prc^ent	feflion	of	parliament, intituled, An aft for continuing

9	and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and

perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred; or by another aeft of the fame feflion, intituled. An aftfor eontinuing and granting to his Majefty a duty on penftons, offices, and perfmal eftates, in England, Wales, and the town,of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain duties on fugar, malt, tobacco, andhuff, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred, in any other manner than they are authorifed by the faid afts; or to iffue any exchequer bills on the credit of any aids or fupplies which may be granted in the next feffion of parliament.

III.	And be it further enafted, That the exchequer bills to

^intereftnot made out in purfuance of this aft (hall and may bear an inte-

exceediug 3d. reft not exceeding the rate of three pence halfpenny per centum

aq. per cent. per diem, upon or in refpeft of the whole of the monies refpec-per diem, &c.	f	r	tjvcfy

• 3

€• 2. & 3. or on any aids that may be granted next feflion.

Exchequer bills fhall bear



rSoo.] Anno regni quadragefima Georgu III* c. 33.	£57

tively contained therein; and that all fuch exchequer bills that (hall not be paid out of all or any of the aids or fupplies which have been or (hall be granted by parliament for the fervice of (he year one thoufand eight hundred as aforefaid, (hall be receivable as money in payment for any publick taxes, or to the receipt of any branch of the publick revenue, at any time after the expiration of four months from the date of any fuch bills refpec-tively#

IV.	And be it further enabled. That no exchequer bill to be Exchequer

made forth by virtue of this aft (hall be paid, received, or taken hills foiflued ■	r	J	-	.	.	»t	a	•	r not to be re-

by, or pals or be current with any collector or receiver of any ceived in pay-

revenue, aid, fupply, or tax wharever, payable to his Majefty, his ment of the heirs or fucceflors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any revenue or at fuch receiver or collector, or from any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, \otherv/ile or on any other account become pay-than for the difcharging and cancelling bf fuch exchequer bills, in able, cafe the fame (hall be in due courfe or order of payment), nor (hall any action be maintained againft any fuch collector or receiver for neglecting or refufing to receive any fuch exchequer bills, nor againft any officer of the receipt of the exchequer for neglecting or refufing the fame, before the day on which the fame (hall be made receivable as money in payment for any publick taxes or revenues as aforefaid, in purfuance of this aft.

V.	And be it further enafted, That all and every the claufes, The claufes in

provifoes, powers privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures,	to^

and difabilities contained in the faid full recited aft relating to the tbis aft* exchequer bills authorifed to be -made by the faid aft (except as

herein mentioned), (hall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this aft, as fully and effeftually, to all intents arid purpofes, as if the fame exchequer bills had been originally authorifed by the faid firft recited aft, or as if the faid feveral provifions and claufes had been particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this aft.

VI.	And be it declared and further enafted, That it (hall and Bank of Eng-may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of Eng- lami raa^i*n<* land, to advance or lend to his Majefty, in like manner, at the on the credit receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of all or any of the aids of this aft, or fupplies which have been or (hall be granted by parliament for notwithftand-the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred, any fum or

fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of three £*0, or *** millions, any thing in an aft, made in the fifth and fixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled. An ail for granting to their Majeflies feveral rates and duties upon tonnage of Jbips and vejfels, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompentes and advantages in the faid ail mentioned^ to fuch perfons as Jhall voluntarily advance the.fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, towards carrying on the war againjl Franee; or any thing in an aft, pafted in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An ail to amend and continue, until one 38 Geo. 3. month after the conclufion of the prefent war, the provifims contained c« 1 • in an ail puffed in the feffion of parliament of the thirty-fixib and

Digitized- by

thirty-



Bank may advance for the publick fer-vice in cadi or bullion, any fum granted this lcffion for foreign fub-Udica.

Preamble.

His Majefty may grant licence to any Britilh fubjeft to import goods (nor prohibited) from countries in America belonging to any foreign Euro-pean Sovereign or ft.lte, ia neutral (hips* on payment of the feme duties as if imported in Bri-tiih {hips.

Sugar and coffee to be warehoufed: immediately on importation, &c.

Anno regni quadragefimo Geobgii III. c. 34, [1800.

thirty-jeventh years of bis prefent Majefiy^ chapter ninety-one, vide-licet, On the twenty fecond of June one thaufand feven hundred and ninety feven^ for the reflriftion on payments of cafh by the bank, to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding.

VII. And be it further enaded, That it (hail be lawful foi the governor and company of the bank of England, to advance for the publick fervice, in ca(h or bullion, any fuch fum to be remitted abroad> as they (hall judge expedient, from time to time, not exceeding in the whole the amount which has been or fhall be granted in this feflion of parliament on account of foreign fob-fidies or fervices abroad; any thing in any ad to the conrtary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

Art aft to permit the importation of goods and commodities from countries in America, belonging to any foreign European fovereign or flaUy in neutral /hips, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and one. — [May r, 1800.]

WHEREAS by the laws now in force no goods or commodities whatfoever, of the growth, production, or manufacture of America, can (except in certain cafes) be imported into this kingdom, but in Briti (h-built Jhips, owned and navigated according to law: and whereas it is expedient, under the prefent circumflanus, to permit certain goods and commodities to be imported, under rejtriftmf, in foreign /hips belonging to fubjefts of flates in amity with his Majtfly; be it enaded by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords' fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and1 after the pacing of this ad, arid until the twenty-ninth day of September one thou fend eight hundred and one, it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to grant licence to any Briti/h fubjed or fubjeds to import into this kingdom, for his or their own account, or for account of a fubjed or ihbjeds of any ftate in amity with his Majefty, from any country in America belonging to any foreign European fovereign or ftate, any goods or commodities of the growth or produce, whether manufetfured or otherwife, of any fuch country, not prohibited to be oftd or confumed in this kingdom, in any (hip or veflet belonging to any ftate in amity with hrs Majefty, and under fuch rules, regulations* reftridions, and fecurities, as his Majefty, with the advice of his privy council* (hall approve, and fubjed to the fame duties as filch goods and commodities would be fubjed to if impoFftedin any iSri/^-built Slip of velfel, and to the feme rules, regulations, reftridions and fecurities, penalties and forfeitures, receding’the payment of the feme ^ any law, cuftom, or ufege, to the contrary in anywife notwich(landing.

IE Provided always. That all fugar and cofflfee imported hi purfuance of this ad (hall be warehoufed immediately on importation, and (hall not be taken out of warchoufe to be ufed or

confumed

•il-U

2B.

SI.

La 5

hi

His

'v :

'0

•-.V;

r,

 

; dk®

iilRIC!* or fe

k iJStf



1800.] Anna regni quadragefmio Gsorgii III. c. 55.	559

confumed in this kingdom, but only for exportation to foreign NoJicmce to parts.	be *ranJ5d to

III. Provided always. That no fuch licenfe (hall be granted	not

to any perfon or perfons who /hall not have exported, or given have exported fuch fecuritv as fha)] be required for exporting from this kingdom goods to fuch according to ]aw, to the po/Feftions in America belonging to e^e bearirT^fiich fame European fovereign or ftate, any goods or commodities, proporfio^in bearing fuch proportion in value tcf the goods fo to be imported, value to the . as his Majefty, bv and with the advice aforefaid, {hall think goods to he reafonablc, and (hall direct.

IV.	provided always. That if any queftion (hall arife in any cafe, whether any thing which fliall be done was authorifed to &c.	*

be done by virtue of any fuch licence, the proof that fuch thing proof, in cafe was done under the circumftances, and according to the terms of difpute, to and conditions in fuch licence to be exprcffeJ, (hall lie on the }•* cn°”]*j^Per" perfon or perfons refpe<ftive!y claiming the benefit of fuch licence. ^ of

the licence.

CAP. XXXV.

An qfl for granting a bounty on the importation of oats, until the frjl day of October one thoufand eight hundred.—[May 1, 1800.]

‘ ^ TT THERE AS it is expedient that encouragement Jhould be ghen Preamble.

^ 1 V V for a limited time, to the importation of oats into this king-"“f dom_: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may beena&ed; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice-and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this A bounty rf^ ad, for oats imported or brought into this kingdom in Britijh imported (hips or veffels, or in Ihips or veffels belonging to perfons of any before 0&, x, kingdom or ftate in amity with his Majefty, however the fame 1800.

■ may be navigated, there (hall be paid and allowed the following N?2 bounty; (that is to fay), whenever the average price of oats, af-certained and publifhed in the London Gazette under the autho-rity of any ad or ads qf parliament, (hall be lefs than forty (hil-lings per quarter, there (hall be paid and allowed on every quarter of oats, (each IVincbcjicr bufhel whereof (hall weigh thirty-fix pounds avoirdupois or upwards), a bounty equal to the difference titf* between fuch average price aud forty (hillings per quarter, and which (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the *:*:* firft day of Oflober one thoufand eight hundred, from any port of Europe, or any port in the Mediterranean, or in Africa, or from any of his Majefty’s.colonies in-'America^ or the United States,

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid bounty (halt be ^der th^ under the management of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s ^agemento^" cuftoms in England and'ScolJand refpe&ively, and (ball be paid the commif-out of any monies in their hands arifmg by any of the duties or (toners of cuf-revenues under their management refpe&ivety, to the refpe&ivetom8# importers or confignees of fuch oats ; provided always. That Entry to be fit. a due entry (hall be made with the proper officers of the cufloms,^^c^V^*

$ \ at the port into which the fame (hall be imported: provided alfo, porution, and jl* * VoL. XL1I,	Oo	That	proof given

5<$°

that the oats

at certain places,

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III* c, 35. [1800. That the collc&or or other proper officer of the cuftoms of the w^tuiefr0m ^OT} w^ere oats	be	imported,	do	receive full and

fatisfa&ory proof, that the faid oats for which the bounty herein allowed is claimed, are wholly and entirely without mixture of any other corn or grain, or of grain the growth of any other country than in refpe& whereof the faid bounty is claimed, and that in default thereof, the faid bounties {hall not nor (hall any of them be allowed or paid, tobeallowcd HI. Prov*ded always, and be it ena&ed, That the bounty unlefs the oats granted by this a<ft (hall not be paid, allowed, or received, un-are imported Jcfs the oats (hall be imported or brought refpe&ively intofome one or other of his Majefty’s ports, (that is to fay). The ports of London, Aberyflwyth, Barnjlaple, Beaumaris, Berwick, Biddefori, Bofion, Bridgewater, Bridport, Briflol, Cardiff, Cardigan, CarliJIe, Carnarvon, Cbcjier, Chichejler, Colchejler', Cowes, Dartmouth, Dver, Exeter, Falmouth, Fowey, Harwich, Hull, Ipfwicb, Loncajler, Liverpool, Lyme, Lynn, Malden, Milford, Newcajlle, Newhaven, Penzance, Plymouth, /W<r, Portfmoutb, Prejlon, Rocbejler, *$W-tu/VA; Scarborough, Shoreham, Southampton, t Stockton, Sunderland, Swanfea, Wells, Weymouth, Whitehaven, Whitby, Wijltach, Yarmouth ; Aberdeen, Ayr, Alloa, Borrowflonefs, Campbeltown, Dumfries, Dunbar, Port Dundas, Dundee, Grangemouth, Glafgow, including Par/ Glafgow, Greenock, Kirkcaldy, Kirkcudbright, Z«7i, Lerwick, Monirofe, Perth, and IVigton.

IV. And be it further ena£ted, That before any of the faid oats imported or brought into this kingdom for bounty under the officers of the regulations of this a£t, (hall be delivered out of the charge the cuftoms of the proper officer or officers of the cufloms of the port where the fame (hall be refpetf ively fo imported or brought, fuch oats (hall be carefully and attentively infpetfed or examined by fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms as the com* miffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpeflively (hall think fit to diredfc for that duty, and two indifferent and difinterefted perfons experienced in the nature of the article to be fo infpefted or examined; which two indifferent and difinterefted perfons (hall be chofen by the principal officers of the cuftoms at fuch port, or any two of them, whereof the colleftor for the time being (hall be one; which faid officer or officers of the cuftoms fo diredled by the faid commiffioners of the cuftoms refpedtively, and the faid two indifferent and difinterefted perfons, fo chofen as aforefaid to infpe& and examine the faid oats, (hall, upon having reviewed the fame, certify and declare upon their corporal oaths, firft adminiftered by the faid principal officers, or any two of them, whereof the colledtor (hall be one, (who are hereby authorifed and required to adminifter the fame), whether the faid oats are or are not merchantable and fit for making meal; and if the fame fhall appear by fuch certificate merchantable and fit for making meal, the bounties refpc&iyely granted by this a& (hall be paid and allowed thereon; but if the fame (hall appear by fuch certificate not to be merchantable or fit for making meal, no bounty granted by this ad (ball be paid or allowed thereon.

V. And

Oats imported, to be xnfpe&ed by

and two ikil-ful perfons, who are to certify whether they are fit for making meal.

a

I

'Sitei



K*iv

jCDJi ' ^

1



t&er

11



l-5eci

1 , •

•Gr

-L



c[

h

%

't'l;





:e;s

•;* C>

'y.£':

k'



of •' ■“*'

$r:, If*

;5

i

1L*'

J <

, i

1800,] Anno regni quadragefirho Georgii IIL c.*35*	561

V.	And be it further enacted, That the faid indifferent andRecompence difintereftcd perfons, fo chofen by the faid principal officers to 7adetlie infpeft and examine the faid oats, (hall from time to timebempe °r8# paid by an order of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftojms,

or any four or more of them, in England\ or the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Scotland, or any three or more of them, out of any monies in their hands, arifing by any of the duties or revenues under their management refpeftively, the following fums, by way of recompence or reward for their trouble in fo infpefting, examining and certifying, (that is to fay), the fum of one penny per quarter for all oats infpe&ed and examined and certified by them as aforefaid, and fo in proportion for any greater ot lefs quantity.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in cafeCommiflion-any oats (hall be fo imported or brought from any of the ports ^ °*fvboun-or places herein mentioned into any of the refpeftive ports herein [y^onoAts ™ alfo enumerated, fubfequent to the time limited by this aft, but imported be -before the fifteenth day of Oclober one thoufand eight hundred, it foie Oft. 15, fhall and may be lawful for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s

cuftoms in England and Scotland refpeftively, to order the bounty having f^i^d

or bounties refpeftively to be paid thereon in like manner as if at fuch times,

the fame had been imported within the time limited by this aft; that they

provided proof (hall be made, to the fatisfaftion of the faid com- ndgntinthe * •	*	•	.	t	ordinary

miffioners refpeftively, that the (hips or veflels on board of which COUrie of their

refpeftively fuch oats (hall be fo imported or brought, aftually voyage have

and bona fide fet fail from fuch refpeftive ports or places, for Great arrived before

Britain, in fuch time as they might in the ordinary courfe of their

voyage have arrived in Great Britain before the firft day of Oflober

one thoufand eight hundred; and proof fhall alfo be given, and

entry fhall be made, and the oats infpefted and examined and

certified in like manner as is required by this aft, to authorife

the payment of bounty on the faid oats imported within the time

limited by this aft.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That if any fhip or veflel Veflels arriv-has arrived or (hall arrive at any port in Great Britain, where, ^ere the^ according to the regulation of this aft, the bounty is not allowed, ^0unty j9 not the faid (hip or veilel fhall and may lawfully depart from fuch allowed, may port, without moleftation or hindrance,* with the oats on board, fail to one and may carry the fame to any other port in Great Britain atwhercitis# which the fame may be entered for the bounty, and there enter,

land, and deliver the fame, fubjeft neverthelefs to each and every the rules, regulations, conditions, and rcftriftions of this aft.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall continue Continuance in force, until the fifteenth day of Ottober one thoufand eight of aft; hundred.

IX.	Provided always, That any part of this aft may be altered, which may be

varied, or repealed, by any aft or afts to be made in this prefent altered or re* feffion of parliament.	'	SSfom thl*

002

CAP.

 ^ 

562 Anno regni quadragefimo Gf.orgii III. c. 36. [1800.

G A P. XXXVI.

An aft to enable courts of equity to compel a transfer of foci in	,

without making the governor and company of the bank af England, or the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, or the governor and company of merchants j/'Great Britain trading to the South Seas, or other parts of America, part) thereto.—[May i, 1800.]

Preamble.

aii lx

, »bli «i»a, i it paid ii

a dm

jte |

WHEREAS great expence arifes in fuits in courts of equity from the practice of making the governor and company of the hank 0/England parties thereto, for the mere purpofe of compelling , or authorifng the faid corporation to fujfer any transfer oj foci flanding in their books to be made which ju/iice may require \ be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority Any court of of the fame, That it (hall be lawful for any of his Majefty’s orderthe^ courts of equity, before or upon hearing any caufe depending bank^of Eng- therein, to order the governor and company of the bank of inland to (iifl'er hnd to fuffer a transfer of ftock (landing in their books to be a transfer of made, or to pay any accrued or accruing dividends thereon, be-inade10^	to	or Ending in the names of any party to a fuit, as

pay divi-t0	courts	may deem juft; or to ifliie an injunction to reftram

denas, be- them from differing any transfer of fuch ftock, or from paying longing to, or any dividends or intereft accruing or accrued thereon, although

ltandmg in	fuch governor and company are not parties to the fuit in which

the names of A . 5__________________l._______________..u-

Siiusj

asm i

■*10;

*91

:-feS

•’0*’

any party to	c*ccree or order (hall be made, fuch courts being fatisfied by

a (uit, or if- the certificate of the accountant of the faid corporation, duly fue an injunc- figned by him as herein-after is directed, that the ftock required tionto re-	t0 be transferred is (landing in their books	in the name of the

transferor	perfons or perfon required to transfer the fame, or of rhe perfons

payment, al-	or perfon to whom they or he are or is the	legal reprefentative;

though the	and that after due fervice of a (hort order	upon the faid gover*

bank be not a nor ancj company, or their proper officer, which (hall contain no par y, &c. rCcital Gf their pleadings, or other matter than the title of the caufe, and the ordering part of fuch decree or order which refpefls the faid governor and company, and for which the fum of eighteen (hillings and no more, (hall be paid, like procefs (hall ifiue to enforce fuch order or decree as to enforce themagainft any party to a fuit depending in fuch court.

II. And for the better enabling any party to afuit to obtain andpro* OnrequeO; of ^nce jvck certificate in court, be it ena&ed, That upon requeft in courtYnd^he writing figned by the clerk in court (or other officer anfwering folicitor of the thereto) and the folicitor concerned in the caufe for the" party party, the applying, which (hall ftate the caufe, and for what parties they bank (hall de- are concerned, the governor and company of the bank of England cate ftating ~ deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the faid clerk in court, the amount of or other officer *tnd folicitor, or one of them, a certificate figned fuch ftock or by their accountant, dating the amount of fuch ftock or divi-divjdends, tlends, and in whofe names or name (iich ftock is (landing in . •	their

‘■/i

'm

&c. for which

 boodle



■:*« r[»:i

/tefc

c: ■	■

p if civ

■

, tv ice % ■:: T»ponl®« ifr^

■ c: ji: &'■ : njk b£

me.; bade -

■jHV to i ^

aSas*

Is 01 fer.

orai^

',CP ■

:pK'

,; V

■J ■ •?

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii JII, c. 36.	563

their books, and, if it be particularly required (but nototherwife) the fees here-when fuch ftock or any part thereof was transferred, and by whom, for the figning of which requeft in writing, there (hall	j-

be paid to fuch clerk in court or other officer, a fee of fix {hillings and eight-pence, and no more, and to fuch folicitor, for the drawing, copying, and delivering at the bank, a fee of thirteen (hillings.and four-pence, and no more, and to the officer making out and delivering fuch certificate, a fee of two (hillings and fixpence, and no more: provided neverthelefs. That nothing Aft nottoex-herein contained (hall extend to any cafe where any further dif-	d?ico

covery is wanted than what is herein-beforeexprefsly mentioned, very than nor to any cafe where the faid governor and company claim any herein men-intereft in or lien upon the faid fund, but that in fuch cafes it jfhall tioned; nor be neceflary to make them a party to fuch fuit as if this aft had never, been made; and that if any fpecial matter (hall arf(e, bankclaim an which, in the opinion of the faid governor and company, (hall intereft in the affect their interefts, or which might be objefted againft fuffering fund, &c% fuch transfer of ftock or payment of dividends, it (hall be lawful for them to ftate fuch matter to the court by motion or petition in fuch fuit, and that execution of procefs to compel fuch transfer or payment (hall be fufpended until final order (hall be made thereon.

III.	And be it further enafted, That in all fuits now depend- In fuits de-ingiri which the faid governor and company may have put in pending where their anfwer, not claiming any intereft in or lien upon the ftock ^"heir^ required to be transferred, no further proceeding (hall be had anfwer, not againft them as a party to fuch fuits, but that the bill (hall ftand claiming any difmifled as againft them in fuch fuits 5 and that in all fuch fuits ^tcreft m an order may be made, upon motion or petition as of courfe, for l^Vcd^o be the taxing of their cofts already incurred, and for immediate transferred, payment thereof by the plaintiffs in any fuch fuits, or any of proceedings them, fubjeft however to any further order as between the other fliall be ftop-parties to fuch fuits, refpefttng the final payment of fuch cofts,	dShriffed

as by the court int which any fuit may be depending (hall be	9

deemed juft.

IV. And be it further enafted, That all the feveral regulations ^he PrOV*7., andprovifions berein-before enafted,(hall extend mutatis mutandis	*

to every cafe where the united company pf-merchants of England to the Eaft Intrading to the Eaft Indies, of the governor and company of mer* dia company chants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas or other parts ^d the South of America, have any ftock (landing in the books of fuch refpec- where they** tive corporations, which may now be or hereafter may become jjave ftock the fubjeft of any fuit in equity or incidental thereto, faVing to (landing in the faid corporations refpeftively the like right of being made a their books, party, or applying by motion or petition, in fuch fuits as is before ^omedie referved or given to the governor and company of the bank of/ubjeft ofa England.	•	fuit in equity.

003



CAP.



5^4 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. €. 37, 38, [1800.

CAP. XXXVII.

-	An aft for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in

that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, from the twenty fifth day of March one thouiand eight hundmi.—[May 16, 1800.]

C A P. XXXVIII. ,

An a3 for repealing fo much of an afty made in the lajl fejfrn of parliament, intituled\ An ait for permitting certain goods imported from the Eafi Indies to be warehoused; and for repealing the duties now payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, as relates to faltpctre.~~[May 16, 1800.]

Preamble. TT7HEREAS by an aEly made in the lajl feffon of parliament, 39 Geo. 3.	VV intituled, An ad for permitting certain goods imported

c* 59*	from the Eajl Indies to be warehoused j and for repealing the

duties now payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, provifton is made for wgrehoufwg any goods, wares, or mer-chandizes, except tea, cotton, wool, nutmegs, mace, cloves, and cinnamon, and bullion, diamonds, and other preciousJlones, upon importation and landing thereof by the united company of merchants of England trading to the £aft Indies, in manner therein mentioned, and upon payment of the new and additional duties of cujloms in the faid alt mentioned: ' and whereas it is expedient that faitpetre Jhould be exempted from tie operation of the Jaid recited afty and from the duty thereby impojed Recited aft thereon •> btf it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent fo far as re- majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual fptfts fait- and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-cd^ano^ch bled, ar>d by the authority of the fame. That the faid recited aft, faitpetre as f° far as relates to faltpetxe, fhall be, and the fame is hereby remain in the repealed and that the duty thereby impofed on faitpetre fhall Eaft India ceafe and determine ; and that, from and after the paffing of waTeh^ufts *bis a<^>	t^e fa h pet re	which (hall remain, or be unfold, in the

and adhere- warehoufes of the faid united company, and all faitpetre hereafter after im- imported by the faid united company, (hall be fubjeft and liable ported, fhall to l^e fame rules, regulations, and provifions, and charged and ‘ t^ahgtr<i clrargeable with the fame duties as were in force immediately dutirs payable before the paffing of the faid recited aft ; the faid aft, or any thing previous to therein contained, to the contrary thereof in anywife notwith-recited aft. (landing.

Duty on fait- II. And be it further enafted. That immediately after the Pa^lnS °f this a<^> the duty or duties which before the paffing of paid or fe- the fa^ recited aft would have been payable on any faltpetere cured as if which (hall remain, or be unfold, in the warehoufes of the faid thenimported. united company, on the importation, (hall be paid or fecured by the faid united company, in like manner as if the fame faitpetre had been then imported by them.

ib]

.1

1 \

1 «

r,

. ‘ ii v

«?G

'is*

% &tr

Hu k*;

H

tv

’*0

ii,

>1

A

-1

CAP.

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 39.	56$

CAP. XXXIX.

An aft for increaftng the rates of fubffiance to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering foldiers.—[May 16, 1800.]

WHEREAS by an aft, pajfed in the prefentfeffion of parliament, Preamble.

for punijhing mutiny and defer tion, andfor the better payment Mutiny a St of the army and their quarters, certain rates are eflablijhed in that recited. part ofGreat Britain called England, the dominion of\Vales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, for the payment of innholders and others on whom non-commiffioned officers arid private foldiers , are quartered and billetted, who Jhall be furnifhed with diet and fmall beer at their quarters \ and an option is given to fuch innholders and others, to fumijh certain articles gratis, in lieu of diet and fmall beer, at the rates preferibed: and whereas the occajion of marching and quartering of troops has increafed, and may continue, and the rules preferibed for furnijhing foldiers with necejfaries are, in many injlances, become, from the high price of provifions, inadequate, and are produft ive of diflrefs to fuch innholders and others : may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majeflv, by and with the advice and confentof the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every non-commiffioned officer and private Non-ccmmif-foldier who (hall be furnifhed with diet and fmall beer within the fioned officers aforefaid part of Great Britain, by the innholders or other perfons and foldiers, on whom fuch non-commiffioned officers or private foldiers (hall be quartered and billetted by virtue of che faid aft, fhall pay and for diet and allow for the fame one (hilling and four-pence per diem; and fmall beer tbat the accounts of the fame (hall be rendered, and payment ™ garters in thereof made, in like manner as is direfted in the faid aft now Eng 311 5 in force touching the former rates of feven-pence per diem for the cavalry, and five-pence per diem for the infantry.

II, And be it further enafted, That in cafe any innholders or and for arti-other perfons on whom any non-commiffioned officers or Pr*vate ^avebeen fur men fhall be quartered, (hall, by virtue of the faid option in gratia the faid aft, furnifli fuch non-commiffioned officers or foldiers in lieu therewith the articles therein mentioned, in lieu of furnifhing diet of, one half* and fmall beer, at the rates preferibed by this aft, fuch inn-holders or other perfons on whom fuch non-commiffioned an0wed. officers or foldiers arc quartered, and by whom the faid articles (hall have been fo fupplied, (hall receive, in confideration thereof, one halfpenny per diem for each hon-commiffioned officer and foldier, inftead of furnilhing the fame gratis, as required by the faid aft* which fum of one halfpenny per diem (hall be accounted for and paid in like manner as is direfted touching the rates aforefaid.	For horfefl

III. And be it further enafted, That the fum to be paid to quartered t«. the innholder or other perfon, on whom any of the horfes be- ad. per diem longing to his Majefty’s forces (hall be quartered by virtue of hayand*ihaw

OO4	Digitized

566 Anno regrri quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 39. [1800.

the faid aft, for hay and draw, /hall be one /hilling and twopence per diem for eaph horfe, inftead of fixpence per dim as , , direfted in the faid ad.	:

IV.	And whereas the provifons contained in the faid recited ad, 1 with refpecl to the manner of dieting non-commiffioned officers and foldiers on a marchy or employed in recruitings and likewife the recruits . by them raijedy have been productive of much inconvenience, as well So much of to the troops as the innholders •, be it further enafted, That fomuch recited a& as of the faid recited ad as relates to the manner of furniffiing non-r?Jj^s commiflioned officers and foldiers on a march) or employed in dietnon^com- recruiting, and likewife the recruits by them raifed, with diet or nnflioned of-' other provifion, be, and the fame is hereby repealed, ficers and > V. And be it further- enafted, That all non-commiffioned foldiers on a officers and foldiers (hall be entitled to receive their diet and crffiting°re^* fma^ beer from lnnh°'ders or other perfons on whom they pealed.	may be billetted', at	the rates herein-before prescribed, while on

Regulation	the march, as alfo	on and for the day of their arrival at the

with refpedto place of their final deftination, and on the two fubfequent days, dieting non- unlefs either of the two fubfequent days (hall be a market day in

officers and	an<* f°r l^e town or	P*ace w^erc fuch 0®cer* or foldiers (hall be

foldiers on	billetted, or within	the diftance of two miles thereof, in which

their march, cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the innholder, or other perfon as aforefaid, to difeontinue on and from fuch market day the fupply of diet and fmall beer, and to fumilh in lieu thereof the articles in the faid recited ad fpecified, and at the rate hereinbefore preferibed.

Perfon8 pay-	VI. Provided always, That if any viftualler, or other perfon

ing money to liable by the faid recited aft, to have foldiers billetted or quar-nou-commif- tered on him or her, (hall pay any fum or fums of money to any honed officers non-commiffioned officer or foldier on the march, in lieu of aVarch in0n fornilhing in kind the diet and fmall beer to which fuch non-lieu of tur- commiflioned officer or foldier is entitled under the faid aft, milling diet every fuch victualler or other perfon may be proceeded again#

beer^Tia'de to an(* ^ncc*> m ^e manner as if he or /he had refufed to fumiffi be fined1/ or a^ow according to the directions of the faid recited at, the federal things refpeftively directed to be furnilhed to non-commiffioned officers or foldiers fo quartered or billetted on him or her as aforefaid.

When halted VII. Provided alfo, That if any regiment, troop, company, on a march, 0r detachment, when on the march, (hall be halted, either for fioned°officer8 a	or	indefinite	time,	at	any	intermediate	place,	the	norl-

and foldiers commiflioned officers and foldiers belonging theretb (hall be entitled to entitled to receive their diet and fmall beer from the perfons on diet and fmall whom they (hall be billetted at fuch intermediate place, for fuch beer as auxr tjme only for which they would be entitled to receive the fame thTir dertina- *frer arriving at the place of their final deftination, according to tion:	this aft.

and if fuch VIII. Provided neverthelefs, That whenever it (hall happen halting ue that any regiment, troop, company, or detachment, when on after ajnvJ3^	marc^» &all be halted, and it (hall appear by the marching

andWtbe a	that it is not intended that fuch regiment, troop, com-

pany,

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 39, 40.	567

pany, or detachment, (hall halt for any longer time than one market day,

intire day after the day of their arrival at the place of halting,

and the day after fuch arrival (hall be fuch market day as afore-Ju*tobedif-

faid, it (hall not be lawful for the innholders or other perfons on continued.

whom the non-commiffioned officers and foldiers (hall be billetted,

to difeontinue, on fuch market day, the fupply of diet and fmall

beer to any fuch officers or foldiers ; but that all fuch officers

and foldiers (hall be entitled to receive their diet and fmall beer,

from fuch innholders and other perfons aforefaid, upon fuch

market day as aforefaid, at the rates herein-before preferibed, in

like manner as they would have been entitled thereto if fuch day

had not been a market day; any thing herein-before contained

to the contrary Hereof notwtffcftanding.

IX.	And be it further enadted, That all non-commiflioned Regulation# officers and private men employed in recruiting, and the recruits refpetting by them raifdd, (hall, while on the march, and for two days ^tief and after the day of their arrival at any recruiting ftation, be entitled recruits on to the fame benefits as are herein-before provided in regard to their march, troops upon the march; but no recruit enlifted after the two

days fubfequent to the arrival of the party at their recruiting ftation, (hall be entitled to be fupplied with diet and fmall beer at the rate herein-before preferihed, except at the option of the perfbn on whom he (hall be quartered : provided alfo neverthe-lefs. That in cafe any fuch recruiting party, with, the recruits by them raifed, (hall remove from their ftation, an4 after a time (hall return to the fame place, they, and the recruits by them raifed, fo returning, (hall not be again entitled to the fupply of diet and fmall beer for fuch two days as aforefaid, unlefs the period between the time of their removal from fuch place, and their return thereto, (hall have exceeded twenty-eight days.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the rates f^encc by an of fubfiftencc dire&ed to be paid* to innkeepers and others, on lift fcf-quartering foldiers by an adt pafled in the laft feflion of-parlia- fion, to be ment, (hall be payable until the commencement of this adfc. payable until

XI.	And be it further enadted, That this adt (hall commence ^ent^f this and take placo from the day of the pafling thereof, and be in a^#

force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight continuance hundred and one; and that this adt may be altered, varied, or ofadt; repealed, by an adt or adts to be pafied in this prefent feflion of which may be parliament.	altered or re-

pealed this felfion. /

C A P. XL.

An oft to enlarge the powers of the directors and guardians of the poor withtn the feveral hundreds, towns ^ and dijlrifts, in that part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers afts of parliament, for the purpofe of the better maintenance and employment of the poor, as to the ajfejfments to be made upon the feveral partjhes, hamlets, and places therein mentioned^ until the firfi day of January one thoufand eight hundred and two.—[May i6, 1800.]

W^ll^ogle

5^8 • Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 40. [1800.

Preamble. TT7HEREAS by an afty madi in the thiriy-fixtb year (f the Z& Geo. 3. V V reign of his prefent Majejlyy intituled^ An a& for the better ' IO*	relief of the poor within the feveral hundreds, towns, and dif-

trids, in that part of Great Britain called Englandy incorporated by divers ads of parliament for the purpofe of the better main* tenance and employment of the poor; and for enlarging the power of the guardians of the poor, within the faid feveral hundreds, towns, and diftrids, as to the afleffments to be made upon the feveral parifhes, hamlets, and places, within their refpedive hundreds, towns, and diftrids, for the fuppprt and maintenance of the poor, powers were given to the direftors and afting guardians of the poof'y incorporated by afts of parliamenty in certain cafes, to make fuch ajfejfments as might be necejfary for the Jupport and mainte-nance of the poory notwit hjlanding they might exceed the ajfejfments limited by the refpeftive afts; and it was by the faid recitedaft provided) thatyfrom and after the firjl day of January one thoufandfeven hundred and ninety-eighty the fums to be ccjfejfed by virtue thereof on any parifh, hamlet, or place, Jhould never exceed, in any one ye ary the amount of double the fum at that time raifed by virtue of any incorporating aft thbi exifling : and whereaSy on account of the fcarcity of corny in confequence of the late unfavourable harvefly and the advanced price of almoji every necejfary article of fubjijience or utilityy the amount of the rates and aJJeJfmentSy Jo limited by the faid recited aft to be colieftedy are become inefficient for the necejfary relief and maintenance of fuch poory who have of late very much increafed in number; and it is expedienty that fo much of the faid recited aft as dire fts fuch limitationy Jhould be repealedy be it therefore enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, So much of That, from and after the patting of this ad, fo much of the faid asdire^sthat^ recitec* a<^ as ^re(^s that* from and after the firft day of January after Jan. i, *one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-eight, the fums to be 1798, the fums aflefled on any parifh, hamlet, or place, (hould never exceed, in to be aflefled any one year, the amount of double the fum at that time raifed by virtue of any incorporating ad then exifling, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And whereas by the faid recited afty the direftors and afting guardians of the poory incorporated by afts of parliament as therein mentionedy were empoweredy at any of their annualy quarterly, or other general meetingSy to make the faid ajjejfments under the limitation in the faid aft mentionedy whenever the average price of wbeaty at the corn market in Mark Lane, London, for the quarter immediately preceding fuch annualy quarterly or other general meetingy Jhould have ‘	exceeded the average price of wheat at the fame market, during thofe

fears from which the average amount of the poor’s rates was lakeny upon the pojfing of the feveral incorporating afts refpeftivdy: and whereas it is proper that fo much of the faid recited aft as regulates the average price of wheat in the manner before mentionedJbotdd be Jnftead of the repealedy and other provifions made for that purtqft* be it therefore aflcflmenU further enaded, That, from and after the patting of this ad, the

faid

on any place ihould not ex cccd Che amount of double the fpm at that time raifed, fhall be repealed.

 

i8oo*] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 41.	569

bid dire&ors and atSing guardians of the poor incorporated as dire&ed to be aforefaid, (liall be empowered to make the faid afleflments, when- ^ ait* ever the average price of wheat, at the corn market in Mark t^e direftors Lane, London,fhal! exceed three pounds per quarter; any thing in and guardians

the faid recited a<ft to the contrary notwithftanding.	of the P°°r

"	may make

thofe afTeflVnents whenever the price of wheat at the market In Mark Lane (hall exceed 3I. per quarter.

III.	And be it further enabled. That this a& fhall continue Continuance and be in force until the firft day of 'January one thoufand eight of aft, hundred and two, and no longer.

CAP. XLI.

An aft for explaining and amending fcveral a Sis, made in the thirty-Jecotidyear of King Henry the Eighth, and the firjl, thirteenth, and fourteenth years of the reign of Queen Elizabeth,^ far as refpefls leafes granted by archbifops, bifops, mafters and jellows of colleges, deans and chapters of cathedral and collegiate churches» maflers and guardians of hofpitals, and ethers having any fpiritual or ecclefiaflicqlliving or promotion.—[May 16, 1800.]

WHEREAS doubts have arijen whether archbifops, bifops, Preamble.

majlers, and fellows of colleges, deans and chapters of cathedral and collegiate churches, majlers and guardians of hofpitals, and others having any fpiritual or ecclefiaflical living or promotion, who are by feveral affs, pajfed in the reigns of their late majejlies King Henry the Eighth and Queen Elizabeth, refrained from granting any leafes of their fates whereon the accuftomed yearly rent is not referved\ can lawfully grant feparate leafes of parts of lands or tenements which have been ufually demifed by one Icafe and under one renty referving on the fever al parts fo demifed lefs than the rent anciently referved on the iemife of the whole, though the aggregate amount of the rents fo re-ferved on fuch feparate demifes fould be equal to or exceed the amount of the annual accujlomed rent for the whole: and whereas many fuch feparate leafes have been granted, and great inconvenience may arife to perfons claiming under fuch leafes, iffuch leafes Jhould not be deemed valid and effectual, in cafe the amount of the rent anciently referved on demifes of the whole Jhall appear to have been referved on the feparate demifes of the different parts; and the power of dividing tenements, anciently fo demifed in one parcel at one rent, may in many cafes tend to improve the value of the efiates belonging tofuch eccleftaflical perfons and bodies refpcttively, as well as to the benefit of their leffees and the publick\ may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That in all cafes where any Where any honours, cattles, manors, mefluages, lands, tythes, tenements, or °f the other hereditaments, being parcel of the pofleflions of any arch- ^ny ^chbi-bifhop, bifhop, mafter, and fellows, dean and chapter, mailer foop, &Cm or or guardian of any hofpiral, or any other perfon or perfons, or perion hav-body or bodies politick or corporate, having any fpiritual or j.n8r	*ccle-

ccclefiaftical living or promotion, and having been anciently or ing,^ha)lbe

accuftomably demifedby fc-

pal t (hall he demited tor lefs than the ancient rent, and the reti-

570 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 41. [1800. verd leafes* accuftomably demifed by one leafe under one rent, or divers tonnerly^de rents iffuing out of the whole, now are or fhall hereafter be demifed by one, m>fed by feveral leafes to one or feveral perfons under an appor-or where a tioned or feveral rents, or where a part only of fuch honours, manors, mefluages, lands, tythes, tenements, or other hereditaments -as laft mentioned, are or fhall be demifed by a feparate leafe or leafes, under a lefs rent or fefs rents than wa^or were accuftomably referved for the whole by fuch former leafe, and due (hall be re* the refidue thereof is or fhall be retained in the pofleffion or tai<?e<rm thf occupation of the leffor or leflbrs, the feveral and diftinft rents the Lfibr,°!he referved on the feparate demifes of the feveral fpecifick parts feveral rents	thereof comprized	in and demifed by fuch feveral leafes, fhall be

referred on	deemed and taken	to be the ancient and accuftomed rents for

the feparate fuch fpecifick parts refpe&ively, within the intent and meaning l'pecificf p^rts6 an Pa^ in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his late fhall be taken majeftyKing Henry the Eighth, intituled, Lejfees to enjoy thrfarm to be the an- ogainjl the tenants in tail ; and of an a<ft, palled in the firft year cient vents	0f the reign of her	late majefty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An aft

meaning of	giving'authority to	the £hteen’s majejly, upon the avoidance of any

32 Henry 8. archbifhop or hifop, to take into her hands certain of the temporal c. 28. t Eliz. pcjpfftons thereof recompenfing the fame with parfonages impropriate c. 19.13 Ehz. Qn(i fythes; and of another a6l, palled in the thirteenth year of Eliz TVi4. t^ie ^ame Qlleen> intituled. Fraudulent deeds mode by fpiritual per* fonSy to defeat their fucceffors of remedy for dilapidations, Jhall be void\ < &c. and of another adt, pafled in the fourteenth year of the reign of the fame Queen, intituled, An aft for the continuation^ exp Ian a-tion, perfefting and enlarging of divers Jlatutes.

Demife made, II. rrovided always. That nothing herein contained fhall before parting extend to confirm or render valid any demife made before the this aft not paffing of this a&, unlefs the feveral rents referved upon the Se rents re- fcParate demifes of feparate parts or tenements, theretofore ac-ierved be cuftomably demifed under one entire leafe, (hall be equal to or equal to or more than the rent or rents theretofore accuftomably referved on more than the the entire demife of the whole, or in cafe the whole fhould not rents accuf- be de^fed, but part referved in the pofleffion of the lcffor or leflbrs, unlefs the rents referved on the parts demifed (hould be fo far equal to or more than the .whole amount of tbe ancient rent or rents, that the part not demifed (hould be fufficient to anfwer the difference.

tomably referved, &c.

Where the III. Provided alfo, That where the whole of any fuch honours, whole of fuch caftles, manors, mefluages, lands, tythes, tenements, or other premifes (hall hereditaments, accuftomably demifed by one leafe, (hall be parts^the ag-1 demifed in parts by feveral leafes after the paffing of this act, the gregate rents aggregate amount of the feveral rents which (hall be referved by referved (hall fuch feparate leafes, be not lefs than the old accuftomed rent or rents theretofore referved by fuch entire leafe; and that where a accuftomed Part on^ be demifed by any fuch feparate leafe, and the rent, and fo refidue (hall be retained in the pofleffion of the leflbr or leflbrs, in proportion the rent or rents to be referved by fuch feparate leafe or leafes, (hajTbe	not	*n ProPortion to the fine or fines to be received

* lined inpof- ^ granting fuch leafe or leafes, than the rent or rents accuftomed

 v^ooQLe

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 41.	571

to be referved for the whole of the faid premifes, was in propor- f^Hon by the tion to the fine received on granting the laii entire leafe.	JeiTor.

IV.	Provided alfo. That no greater proportion of the accuf* No greater

tomed rent be referved by any feparate leafe hereby confirmed or proportion of allowed to be granted, than the part of the premifes thereby e^renT/hdT** feverally demifed will reafonably bear and afford a competent be referved by fecurity for.	any	ftp?	rate

V,	Provided alfo, That where any fpecifick thing, incapable leafe than the of divifion or apportionment (hall have been referved or made ^/ed^wiU^ payable to the leflor or leffors, his or their heirs or fucceflors, bear.

either by way of rent, or by any covenant or agreement con- Where any tained in any fuch entire leafe, the fame may be wholly referved fpenrick thing and made payable out of a competent part of fuch lands or tene- (liall have been ments demifed by any fuch feveral leafe as aforefaid; and in cafe, lttfbr it in any leafe already granted, and intended hereby to be con- nny be a' firmed, anv fuch provifion (hall appear to have been made for charge on the the payment and delivery of any fuch fum or fums of money, ftipends, augmentations, or other things as aforefaid, the fame im c 9 c* (hall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully made, in cafe the lands and tenements charged therewith (hall be of a greater annual value than the payment or other things fo charged, ex-clufive of the rent or other annual payment referved to the leffor orleflors.

VI.	Provided further, That nothing herein contained (hall wherel

extend toauthorife or confirm any leafe whereon no annual rent no annual" is or (hall be referved to the leflor or Ieflors, his or their fucceflors rent to the or afligns.	fcflbr	is	re-

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That this ad, ferved*

or any thing herein contained, (hall not authorife the refervation Not to autho-or payment of any rent or rents upon any fuch feveral leafe made ^ ontfan~ or to be made under authority of this ad, by any mafler, provoft, IcntonRiif7 prefidentj warden, dean, governor, redor, or chief ruler of any fuch leafe. college, cathedral church, hall or houfe of learning, in the uni- made by any verfities of Oxford and Cambridge, or by the warden or other ^■aa^r,c^I head officer of the colleges of Winchejler and Eaton, in any other	th/imivcr^

manner or proportions than is required by an ad paffed in the fities, &c. m eighteenth year of the reign of her faid late majefty Queen Eliza- any other betby intituled. An aft for maintenance of the colleges in the. univerft- f11311^ ties, and of Winchefter and Eaton.	iSEIizl	^

VIII.	Provided alfo, That where any fuch accuftomably entire Wherc pay-leafes as aforefaid (hall have ufually contained covenants on the ments have part of the leflee or leflees for the payment or delivery, or (hail been referved have in any other manner fubjeded or charged fuch leflee or to vicars, &c. leflees to or with the payment or delivery of any fum or fums of^^ money, ftipend, augmentation, or other thing, to or for the ufe fion fl/alJ be of any vicar, curate, fchoolmafter, or other perfon or perfons, made in leafe* other than and befides the leflor or leffors', and his or their heirs for the futurc or fucceflors, all or any fuch leafes as (hall hereafter be granted {hereof ^ut of the fame lands or tenements in feveralty as aforefaid, (hall of preriifea -and may lawfully provide for the future payment and delivery of of three times fuch fum or fums of money, ftipends, augmentations, or other th* annual

things, va,uc’

 I google

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 42. [1800.

things, by and out of any part or parts of the lands or tenements accuftomably charged therewith, not being of lefs annual value than three times the amount of the payment fo to be charged thereon, exclufive of the proportion of rent or other annual payments to be referved to the leffor or leffors.

Not to con- IX. Provided always, That nothing in this aft (hall extend firm the claim to eftablifh or confirm the claim of any vicar, curate, fchool-&cantoTuch, ma^er> °* otficr perfon or perfons, to any fuch fum or furas, payment,0 falary, ftipend, or other thing as aforefaid, the payment and where it de- continuance whereof (hall depend only on the will of the perfon pends only on or perfons, or body or bodies politick or corporate, granting or

^rfon1 rant-6 rcnewln& ^ea^e or ^eafes, refpeftively.

Ing or renew- X. And be it further enafted, That where any perfon or per-ingthe leafe. fons now holding, or who (hall hereafter hold, any fuch leafe or Perfons hold- leafes as in this aft mentioned, (hall or may hold the fame, or ing fuch leafes any fpecifick part of the lands or tenements thereby demifed,

in truft, or jn truft for any other perfon or perfons, or for any body or bodies granting un- »• • ,	3	r	^ ,, \	7	,	J	J	.	r

der lenfes of politick or corporate, or (nail have granted any under leafe or

fpecifick parts under leafes of any fpecifick part or parts of his, her, or their undercove- refpeftive holdings, and be under any covenant or engagment newal°may ^or renewa^ thereof to any other perfon or perfons, body or bodies furrender * politick or corporate, when and as often as his, her, or their them, thatfe- own leafe or leafes (hall be renewed, it (hall and may be lawful parate leafes for fuch perfon or perfons as firft mentioned, at any time or times ed^by^tl^ori- a^tcr Pa®nS t*”8 a<^» to furrender his, her, or their leafe ginal leffors * °r leafes, in order that feparate and diftinft leafes may be granted to the ceftui- by the original leffor or leffors of fuch fpecifick parts of the fame que,truftsand premifes as (ball have been held in truft, or fubjeft to fuch on reafonable covenants or engagements for renewal as aforefaid, to the reterms fubjeft fpe&ive under leffees and ceftuique trufts, upon fair and reafonable to the accuf- terms, fubjeft to an apportionment of the accuftomed rent or tomed rent, rents, and other payments, according to the intent and meaning of this aft ; and every fuch furrender fo made, and the new leafes to be granted thereon, according to the intent artd meaning of this aft, (hall be good and effeftual in law and equity, not-withftanding fuch under leffees and ceftuique trufts, or any of them, fhall ox may be infants, * iffue unborn, femes covert, perfons abfent from the realm, or otherwife incapacitated to aft for themfelves, provided that fuch new leafes refpeftively be for the benefit of the feveral perfons entitled to the benefit of fuch furrendered leafe or leafes refpeftively, and be expresfly fo declared in the body of each fuch new leafes refpeftively.

CAP. XLII.

An afl for the better obfervance of Good Friday, in certain cajii therein mentioned.—^May 16, 1800.]

Preamble.	\ T7HERE AS the bank of England and bankers in general are

VV often under the necejjity of tranfafling bufimfs on Good Friday, for the purpofe of receiving money for bills of exchange and

promifoTj

 L^ooQle

i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 43, 44.	57	j

promijfory notes becoming payable on that day, in confequtnce whereof many perfons are prevented obferving the fame with due folemnity; now, therefore, fcr the better obfervance of Good Friday, be it cna&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content .of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and of the commons, in this prefent parliament ailembled, and by the authority of the fame. That where bills of exchange and promilFory Where bills notes become due and payable on Good Friday, the fame (hall, of excharge from and after the firft day of June next enfuing, be payable on ^ the day before Good Friday: and the holder or holders of fuch become pay-bills of exchange or promifTory notes may note and proteft the at>ie on Good fame for non-payment on the day preceding Good Friday, in like Friday, the manner as if the fame had fallen due and become payable or, the	^

day preceding Good Fridays and fuch noting and protefts ihall [^before, ** have the fame effeft and operation at law as if fuch bills and and the hold-promiflbry notes had fallen due and become payable on the day crs thereof preceding Good Friday, in the fame manner as is ufual in the	^

cafes of bills of exchange and promilTory notes coming due on non-payment the day before any Lord’s day, commonly called Sunday, and on iuch pre-before the feaft of the nativity or birth day of our Lord, commonly ceding day* called Chrijhnas day.

CAP. XL1II.

An aft to confirm an agreement entered into between the commiflioners of his Majetty's trealury and the mod noble Charles duke of Richmond, in purfuante of an aft palled in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to enable the commillioners of the treafury to contraft with the molt noble Charles duke of Richmond, for the abfolute purchale of the property of the faid duke, and of all others interelted, in a certain duty of twelve pence per chaldron on coals (hipped in the river Tyne to be confumed in England, and to grant a compenfation for the fame, by way of annuity, payable out ot	.

the confolidated fund.—[May 30, 1800.]

CAP. XLIV.

An alt for granting, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, certain allowances to adjutants, Jerjeant majors, and ferjeants of militia, difembodied under an a& of this fejfrn of parliament, intituled. An ad for enabling his Majefty to accept the fervices of an additional number of volunteers from the militia, under certain reftri&ions.—[May 30,1800.]

WHEREAS in purfuance of an afi, made in this prefent fejfion Preamble* of parliament, intituled. An aft for enabling bis Majefty ^ q^q % to accept the fervices of an additional number of volunteers from f. c, * the militia, under certain reftri&ions, certain of the adjutants and ferjeant majors of the faid militia have been and may be reduced, and certain of the ferjeants have been and may be difetrtbodied: and whereas it is expedient that fome provifion ftjould be madefor the faid adjutants, ferjeant majors, andferjeants, during the time, and under the tejlric-tions hereinafter preferibed: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the * advice and confent of the .	.	lords

.	Digitized	by	

574 Anno regni quadragefimo Grokgii III. c. 44 [1800*.

lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-Receivers gc- liament/aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in neral of the every county, riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain taxes to pay called England, where any part of the militia (hall have been dif-ancestoad-" embo^‘cc^ *n purfuance of the faid "recited a&, the receiver or jutants and receivers general of the land tax, and other th$ duties under the ferjeant ma- management of the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, for jors reduced, fuch county, riding, or place refpe&ively, (hall iffue and pay, or difen^hodled cau^e to P3^’ the whole fums required, in the manner herein-in purfuance aTter exprefled, to every reduced adjutant and ferjeant major, and of reciteJ att. to fuch of the difembodied ferjeants as (hall have ferved at lead one year as ferjeants, and (hall have obtained certificates of their good behaviour from their refpe&ive commanding officers; that is to fay. To every reduced adjutant an allowance of three (hillings a day, to every reduced ferjeant major, an allowance of one (hilling a day, with the addition of two (hillings'and (ixpence a week, and for every fuch difembodied ferjeant as dforetaid, an allowance of one (hilling a day*

II. And> in order that fuch allowances may be the more eaftly made at the refpeftive places of refidence of fuch adjutants,ferjeant majors. Commanding and ferjeants, be it further enadled. That the commanding officer officers of of every regiment, battalion, or corps of fuch militia, (hall make militia to give or caufe to be made out in writing, and (hall fign and caufe to entitled to the delivered to the adjutant, ferjeant major,'and each ferjeant allowance, a entitled to the faid allowance as aforefaid, a certificate of his certificate, fervice as fuch adjutant, ferjeant major, or ferjeant, in fuch f?r^od to the ^orm anc*	defeription as he (hall think neceffarv, fpe-

which they cifying the day on which fuch adjutant, ferjeant major, and received pny, ferjeant was reduced or difembodied as aforefaid, and the period from which up to which he received pay according to his rank in the militia; ancesihaU* anc* every Tuch a(Tjutant) ferjeant major, and ferjeant (hall be commence, entitled to the allowance herein-before exprefTed, from the termination of the period laft mentioned, at the times and in the manner, and for the period herein-after mentioned, without deduction or abatement on any account whatever.

Certificates to III. And be it further enabled, That every fuch adjutant, beindorfedby ferjeant major, and ferjeant, upon obtaining fuch certificate, (hall and church^ Procure ^ Tame to be indorfed with a certificate of the parifhor wardens of" place of his adtual refidence, under the iignatures of the tninifter the pljce of and churchwardens (or any two of them) of fuch pari(h or place, refidence of which certificate fuch minifter and churchwardens refpe&ively an^UTodeedC# are hereby required to give without fee or reward, and (hall with The re- forthwith lodge the fame fo indorfed with the receiver or one of ceivcrgeneral, the receivers general of the county, riding, or place, within who ffiall pay which he* (hall refide, to be by fuch receiver general filed and then^duT^and PreTerve^ T°r the pupofes herein-afeer mentioned, fuch receiver give orde’r to general giving a receipt for the fame to fuch adjutant, ferjeant the colle&or major, or ferjeant, and every fuch receiver general (hall forth-of the party's with pay to every fuch adjutant, ferjeant major, and ferjeant, demTtorpav- lhc Tull amount of the money then due to him under this aa, and ment of the (hall within feven days thereafter caufe an order to be delivered

to

.1800.3 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 44.	575

to one of the colle&ors of the faid feveral rates and duties for allowance

the pari(h or place mentioned in the indorfemene upon any fuch fr°m to

certificate as the rcfidence of the adjutant, ferjeant major, or tlme> c*

ferjeant, to whom the certificate (hall relate refpectively, for the

payment from time to time of the allowance given by this a#,

either weekly, monthly, or quarterly, as the perfon entitled

thereto may demand the fame, and every fuch collector (hall pay

the allowances directed by any fuch order to be paid out of any

publick monies he may then have in his hands, or if he (hall

have no fuch monies then out of the firft publicle monies he

(hall thereafter receive, as long as any adjutant, ferjeant major,

or ferjeant, (hall refide in the fame parilh or place, and mall

continue entitled to the allowance under this aci, fuch coiledtor

taking proper receipts from time to time for fuch payments;

and it (hall be lawful for fuch colledlor to retain in his hands,

with the confent of fuch receiver general from time to time,

fufficient of the publick monies received by hint for the payment

in full of all fuch allowances for the period of one quarter of a

year next enfuing ; and all fuch payments made by fuch colle&or

(hall be allowed in his accounts with the refpedlive commiffioners

of the faid duties, and with the refpe&ive receivers general, and

the faid feveral fums of money, fo paid by fuch collegers and

receivers general refpedtively (hall be allowed in the accounts

of fuch receiver general out of the bionics arifing by the land

tax, which (hall be received or receivable by fuch receiver

general.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That as often as any fuch Rules to be adjutant, ferjeant major, or ferjeant, (hall change his place’ of^bfervedby refidence to any other parifli or place within the fame county or ahant^nfftheLf riding in which he (hail have lodged fuch certificate as aforefaid, piace3 0f re_ the order upon the collector of the parifti or place where fuch fidence within adjutant, ferjeant major, or ferjeant laft refided, (hall be voidthe fame

and in order to obtain a continuance of bis allowance, .fuch ^r^obtain" adjutant, ferjeant major, or ferjeant, (hall give or fend notice of a continuance his change of refidence to the faid receiver general, together with of the allow-a like certificate as is herein-before required from the minifter anccs. and churchwardens of the parifh or place where he (hall intend to refide $ and fuch receiver general (hall thereupon, and fo from time to time, caufe like order to be given to the colle&or of fuch other parilh or place, for the continuance of fuch allow- * ance to fuch adjutant, ferjeant major, or ferjeant, -fo long as he (hall be entitled to the fame.	•	*

V.	And be it further enadted. That as often as any fuch Rwles to be adjutant, ferjeant major, or ferjeant, fhall change his place of ^hellike^pw1-reiirience into any other county or riding than the one in which pof^when "* fuch his certificate (hall have been lodged as aforefaid, the adjutant?,&c, receiver general with whom the fame was lodged (hall, upon a remove into demand made for that purpofe, deliver up the certificate of fervice anf othcr

of fuch adjutant, ferjeant major, or ferjeant, after indorfing thereon the time up to which the allowances thereon (hall have been paid, and the adjutant, ferjeant major, or ferjeant, to Vot, XLII,	P e	whom	~0]e



576 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 44. [1800.

whom fuch certificate (hail relate, (hall be entitled to receive his allowance by this zGt granted from the receiver general of fuch other county or riding; and for the purpofe of obtaining and granting the fame, every fuch adjutant^ ferjeant major, or jeant, and every fuch receiver general and colledtor, and other % perfon, (hall proceed refpeflively, in like manner, in every % refpe#, as is herein-before dire&ed on the fifft delivery of fuch certificate,

^Adjutants, VI# And be it further enaded, That every fuch reduced adjure* l° 1 *Jnt* fc|jcant	and	ferjeant	aforefeid,	(hall	at	the	time of

commanding his tranfmitting the certificate aforefaid, to the receiver general officer of the of any county, riding, or place, and alb when and fo often as militia of the he (hall change his place of reftdence, make a return to ,the place of his commanding officer of the militia of the county, riding, or re nee. places to which he (hall belong, of the place at which he lhall then' refide.

Adjutants	VII. And be it further enaded. That every reduced adjutant,

may take the entitled to any allowance under this ad may receive and take together^ith Aich aNowance, together with the pay of any fuch other com-any emolut tniffion, or any fuch other allowance or emolument as is allowed meuttheymay to be held or received by any adjutant of any militia raifed, and rccciv* Undcr fervmS under an ad paffed in the twenty-fixth year of his Ma-c. lo^/aiid W* wign* ititituled. An aft for amending and reducing inti m any allowance	of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of

they may he Great Britain called England, together with any pay or allowance entitled to as to which he maybe entitled as fuch adjutant, adjutants. VIII. Provided always, That no reduced adjutant aforefaid Md'incany Awl! ^ titled to receive fuch allowance under this ait, who office und<£	hold my office of profit, civil or military, under his Majcfty,

his Majeity, other than fuch as aforefaid.

except as ix. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That every entitledtotbe adjutant, ferjeant major, and ferjeant, (hall remain liable to allowance.	fe*vc in the militia of the county, riding, or place to which he

Adjutants,	(hall have belonged, and (hall join any regiment, battalion, or

See* to remain corps of militia ferving for fuch county, riding, or place, when-liable to ferve ever called upon fo to do by the commanding officer of fuch and^to^oin3| ^itia, either for the purpofe of fupplying any vacancy that when called may have arifen in* the rank he (hall have held in the (aid militia, upon by the or whenever the militia in which he (hall have lerved (hall be commanding	again augmented in purfuance of the faid recited ad of this fcflion

officer.	of parliament, and that from the time of any fuch adjutant,

ferjeant major, or ferjeant, being again called into adual fcrvicc, and becoming entitled to the pay of the rank in which he had formerly ferved, or in cafe any fuch adjutant (hall be appointed captain of a company, or to any higher rank than that of cap* tain, or in cafe any fuch adjutant, ferjeant major, or ferjeant, to The allow- whom fuch allowance (hall have been granted, (hall ncglcft to ance toccafe make fuch return of his place of reftdence to the commanding i»<certain	officer of the militia of the county, riding, or place to which he

(halt belong, as is required by this ad, or (hall negled or refufe to join fuch militia, according to any notice that utall have been

givea



:!m,]

r«n to Si;r hi ! if Mi n ] ri tiis a<

I I Pi

*!HCCS ilj Of ;

I XU

j

1

tfcei si; a

&

-»ici

ftcfjc!

rtfhv 0^1 *Ifl! rtf, |

■Vi;

Hi?

*5c

Hi!

'-la

:h

• yj



x:

%



i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii ITT. c. 45.	577

given to him for that purpofe, unlefs prevented by ficknefs or other fufficient caufe, to be allowed by the commanding officer of fuch militia, then, and in any fuch cafe, the allowance granted by this aft (hall wholly ceafe.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That the al- Continuance lowances hereby granted (hall continue until the twenty-fifth ofaliowances* day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, and no

longer.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That if any fuch colleftor as If a colleftor

aforcfaid (halj at apy time refufe or negleft to pay any fuch al-	t0 PW

lowance that (hall be demanded in purfuanee of any order of any ojf complaint* receiver general granted by virtue of this aft, it (hall be lawful to a juftice, he for the adjutant, ferjeant major, or ferjeant, entitled thereto, to (hall order make a complaint of fuch negleft or refufal to any one ofhis Pun<^ual Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county, riding, or place, ^y^ne the in which fuch adjutant, ferjeant major, or ferjeant (hall reiide, colleftor. and fuch juftice of the peace (hall thereupon caufe fuch colleftor

to come before him with the order for payment of fuch allowance, and (hall make fuch order for the punftual payment of fuch allowance then or to become due, as upon fuch enquiry he (hall deem neceflary; and if it (hall appear to any fuch juftice of the peace, upon any fuch complaint as aforefaid, that any fuch col-ieftor hath unneceflarily and without any good caufe wilfully refufed or delayed the payment of any fuch allowance, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice of the peace to fine injlanttr fuch colleftor in any ium not exceeding the fum of ten pounds, without any other or further information than fummons or procefs as aforefaid, and unlefs fuch fine (hall be forthwith paid, to caufe fuch fine and^ofts attending the fame to be forthwith levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch colleftor, which fine (hall be paid to the adjutant, ferjeant major, or ferjeant, whofe allowance (hall have fo remained unpaid as aforefaid, and the furplus (if any) of the money fo levied (hall be returned upon demand to the party.

XII.	And be it further enafted,That no certificate given under No certificate

this aft, nor any allowance to any adjutant, ferjeant major, or noranyal-feijeant, or any part thereof, (hall be aifignable or affigned in law	**

of in equity, in any way whatever, nor (hall any fuch allowance

be receivable, or any part thereof received, under any power or difpofition thereof, or pny part thereof, nor otherwife than to the foie ufe and benefit of fuch adjutant, ferjeant major, or ferjeant refpeftively, whofe receipt (hall be a fufficient difeharge for all payments made to them refpeftively under this aft.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it farther enafted. That no No fee to be

fee or gratuity whatever (hall be given or paid by any perfon	^

entitled to any allowance under this aft, for any thing which rC£fon°t^ in (hall be done in relation thereto.'	allowance**

CAP. XLV.

An aft for making perpetual fo much of an aft, made in the thirty^fiffch year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for better fecuring the duties on glafs, as was to continue in force tor a limited time* and to cob-

PPa	Digitized

578

Anno regni quadragefimo Gf.orgii III. c. 46,47. [1800.

tinue fevernl laws relating to the granting a bounty anon certain fpecie* of BritUh and Iri(h linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand eight hundred and one; to the better encouragement of the making of fail cloth in Great Britain, to the encouraging the manufafture of Bi itifti fail cloth, and fecuring the duties , on foreign made fail cloth imported, to the fecuring the duties upon foreign made fail cloth, and charging foreign made fails with a duty, until the twenty.ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the end of the then next (effion of parliament; to the regulating the fees of the officers of thecuftoms, and of the naval officers in the Rritilh colonies in America, and of the officers of the cultoms in the illand of Newfoundland, until the ninth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; to the landing rum or fpirifs of the Britifh fugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excife, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; to the encouraging the fifheries carried on at Newfoundland and parts adjacent from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Britifh dominions in Europe, until the firit day of January one thoufand eight hundred and two; and to the further fupport and encouragement of the fiflieries carried on in the Greenland Teas and Davis's {freights, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred and one.—[May 30, 1800.]

So much of 35 Geo. 3. c. 114. for fecuring duties on glafs as was to have continuance until July 5, 1797* made perpetual. Aft 19 Geo. 1. c. 15. for granting a bounty on linens, continued until June h» 1*01. Aft 33 Geo. 1. c. 17. for making of fail cloth, continued until September *9, 1804. Aft 9 Geo. a. c 37. for further encouraging the manufacture of Britifti fail cloth, continued until September 19, 1804. Aft 19 Geo. 1, c. 17. for fecuring the duties on foreign made fail cloth imported, continued until September 19, 1804. So much of aft 10 Geo 3. c. 37. u relates to the fees of the officers of the cuftoms, See, continued until May 9, 1804. So much of aft 15 and id Geo. ». c. 15. as rentes to the landing of rum, Sec, continued until September 29, 1805. So much of aft 26 Geo. 3. c. a6. as relates to bounties for encouraging the Newfoundland fifheries, &c. continued until January 1,1802. Aft 26 Geo.3. c. 41. for the encouragement of the Greenland fifheries; and fo much of Sift 29 Geo. 3. c. 53. as relates to thofe fiflieries continued until Decent-ber 25,1801,

3:

‘ -J G.iC I II

I *

Vo V 2

iU

■70

ter

CAP. XLVI.

An aft for the more eafy a«>d expeditious recovery offmall debts, and determining fmall caulesin that parr of Great Britain called Scotlatid^-[May 30, 1800.]

C A P. XLVIT.

An aft for repealing the rates end fans taken by licenfd hachey coachmen, and for ejlabiijhing other rates and fares in 1'uu thereof \ and for explaining and amending feveral laws relating to kaefot] coaches and chairs.—[May 30, 1800.]

Preamble. \ T7HEREAS the rates and fares to be taken by hackney coach-W men, and perfons legally afting under them, for the hire of hackney coaches, have been found in feme infiances to he infujfidunt: and whereas it is therefore expedient that feme of the rates and farts enumerated in an aft7 faffed in the twenty-fix th year of the reign of

his

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 47.	579

his prefent Majefly, intituled* An a<S for explaining and amending an aeft, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, * An a<51 for laying an additional duty 26 Geo. 3, on hackney coaches, and for explaining and amending feveral c* 7*> recited, acts of parliament relating to hackney coaches/ Jhould be increafed: be it therefore enatfted by the King’s meft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and ‘temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the paffing After patting of this a<ft, every perfon who now is or thall hereafter be liccnfed Jhis att, the by the commiflioners for regulating hackney coaches and chairs, fop^tcTbe or the major part of them, to drive, keep, and let to hire by the taken: hour or day, or otherwife, any hackney coach with horfes, geldings, and mares, within the cities of London or IVeJhninJier*, or the fuburbs of the fame, or within the parishes or places comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, or any other place or places, which by any of the laws now in being fuch hackney coachmen are compellable to go, or any perfon atfing legally under any fuch licenfed perfon (hall be entitled to, and may demand, receive, and take for the hire of any fuch hackney coach, the rates and fares herein-after mentioned ; (that is to fay),

For every hackney coach hired and taken any diftance, at any Fares for time between the hours of fix of the clock in the morning and coaches taken twelve of the clock at night, the rates and fares following, (that

is to fay),	■	in the morn-

For every diftarice within and not exceeding one mile, the ing and twelve fum of one (hilling: •	at night:

For every further diftance within and not exceeding half a mile, computed as beyond the firft mile, the additional fum of fixpence, and fo in like manner the fum of fixpence for every further diftance within and not exceeding half a mile, to be computed through the whole didance which fuch coach (hall be driven or go:

And for every hackney coach hired and kept in waiting be- fares for

tween the hours of fix of the clock in the morning and twelve foac*\e? kept

of the clock at night, the feveral rates and fares following, (that	*

is to fay),	^	the morning

For any time not exceeding forty minutes, the fum of one and twelve at

(hilling; and for every further period of time not exceeding

twenty minutes, to be computed from the expiration of the firft

forty minutes during the whole of the time which fuch coach

(hall be engaged, employed, or kept in waiting, the further fum .

of fixpence for every fuch additional period:

And for every hackney coach hired in any part of the cities of fares f°r

London and Weft minder, or the borough of Southwark, or any cc^cb^shired .	.. . . JJ 1	,	.	.	0	,	, 7	.	Jr	where there is

place adjoining thereto, where there is a regular continuation ora regular con-

carriage way pavement from either of the faid cities or borough tmuation of

aforefaid, or at any ltanding for hackney coaches beyond any carriage way

fuch regular continuation of carriage way pavement, and taken jjj* ae

to and difeharged at any place from which fuch coach cannot yon(j fuch

P P 3	ni/ii+i-7oH	h	continuation,

 *

miation, of fuch ftanding, before fun*(et.

Pares for

580	Anno	regni'quadragefimo	Georgii III. c. 47# (1800.

anddifeharg- be driven to the neareft continuation of carriage way pavement, whe^the^ or ^an<**nS as	before	fun-fet,	(eftimating the rate

camiot^e^ °f driving of fuch coach at five miles in the hour), then one half driven to fuch part of the rate or fare allowed by this a#, for all fuch diftance neareft conti- as fuch coach can be fo driven as aforefaid, towards fuch neareft continuation of carriage way pavement before fun-fet; but neverthelefs fo as that no fraction of any fum lefs than fixpence (hall be demandable or demanded, or payable or paid, where by reafon of any fuch half rate or fare as aforefaid, any fuch fraction (hall arife *, and the full rate or fare allowed by this aft, for all fuch diftanec as fhall remain for fuch coach to be driven at the rate aforefaid, to fuch continuation of regular carriage way pavement after fun-fet, or where any fuch coach (hall, in either of . fuch laft mentioned cafes, have been hired or taken at any Handing beyond the regular continuation of carriage way pavement, then to fuch (landing or to the neareft continuation of carriage way pavement, at the option of the perfon difeharging fuch coach:

And for every hackney coach hired or kept for the day, (fuch coaches hired jay not to exceed twelve hours, and to end before or at twelve fort eday. ^ t^c cJ0ck at night, and the diftance which fuch coach (hall be taken not to exceed twenty miles), the fum of eighteen (hillings for fuch day’s work, and for any further time exceeding fuch twelve hours or diftance exceeding twenty miles, and alfo for any time after twelve of the clock at night, then fuch further rate or fare for fuch time or diftance as is in any cafe allowed for any further time or diftance of the like nature by this aft; and alfo if any fuch coach (hall be taken to and dilcharged at any place where there is not a regular continuation of carriage way pavement adjoining either of the cities or borough aforefaid, exceeding one mile from the extreme end of the neareft regular continuation oh carriage way pavement, fo as that fuch coach cannot be driven to fuch neareft continuation or carriage way pavement within fuch twelve hours, or before twelve of the clock at night, or where the diftance of any fuch laft mentioned p'ace where any fuch coach (hall be difeharged as aforefaid,

. added to the diftance which fuch coach (ball have before been driven, (hall in the whole exceed twenty miles, then fuch further and additional rate or fare as is allowed by this aft for any further time or diftance of the like nature:

And for every hackney coach which (hall be hired or taken, or kept in waiting tor any time, or taken any diftance after twelve of the clock at night and before fix of the clock in the morning, or which (hall be difeharged at any fuch time and place, as that fuch coach cannot be driven to the extreme end of fome regular continued carriage Way pavement before twelve oTwh^ch'ftuil ^e clock at night, an additional rate or fare for fuch time or be difeharged diftance as aforefaid, over and above the rate or fare before at fuch time mentioned of one fixpence upon every (hilling of fuch rate or and place that farc> ^ut fQ as that fuch additional rate or fare (hall not be tl-dmwto fome *owc<*t taken, or received, for any coach hired between the hours

of

Tare* for coaches hired or kept in waiting after twelve at night, and before fix in

 

i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 47.	581

of ten and twelve of the clock at night in any cafe unlefs the rate regular condor fare according to the time for which fuch coach {hall be kept, p^ment or the diftance which fuch coach (hall be taken, (hall, according before twelve to the rates and fares before mentioned, amount to the fum of at night, two (hillings or upwards although fuch coach (hall not be discharged till'after twelve of the clock at night.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That whenever the average When the price of oats, made up, computed, and verified, and published *Terage price in the London Gazette, according to the provifions of an a6t,

pafled in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to ^Geo" intituled, 4n aft for regulating the importation and exportation of 3. c. 30. fliall corn, and the payment oj the duty on foreign corn imported, and of exceed 15 s. the bounty on Britifti corn exported, (hall exceed twenty-five (hif-lings per quarter, it (hall be lawful for the commiflioners for oners for 1 licenfmg 'and regulating hackney coaches and chairs, or the Hcenfinghack-major part of them, if they (hall fee fit, to caufe an addition to ney coaches be made to the rates and fares herein-before mentioned and ^^tion^be allowed, to be demanded, received, and taken, for the hire of made to the any hackney coach, in the proportion herein-after mentioned * fares, that is to fay.

Upon every rate or fare, amounting to two (hillings, the ad- Additional ditional fum of fixpence:	fares.

Upon every rate or fare amounting to four (hillings, the additional fum of one {hilling:

And fo, in like manner, upon every increafe of two (hillings, or any rate or fare above the rate or fare of four (hillings afore-faid, the .additional fum of fixpence for every fuch increafe of two (hillings.

III.	Provided always, That fuch additional rate or fare (hall Additional not be demandable, or payable or paid, in refpedt of any fuch

rate or fare as aforefaid, unlefs fuch coach (hall have been taken coach be taken the full diftance, or kept in waiting the full period, which fuch the full dif-coach may be taken or kept refpe&ively, for fuch fum of two 5ance>

(hillings or four (hillings refpetfively, or any fuch further	e

creafe of two (hillings as aforefaid ; which additional rate or fait for which * (hall and may be recovered in like manner as any other rate or allowed, fare for the hire of any hackney coach may be recovered $ and The commif-fuch commiflioners, or the major part of them, (hall, whenever fionerstopub-they (hall think fit to increafe fuch rates or fares in manner !ifti n°ticc°i aforefaid, publilh notice thereof in the London Gazette, fpecifying J"resIn the in fuch notice the period at which fuch increafe is to commence. Gazette; and for which fuch increafe (hall continue, fo as that the period which increafe of fuch commencement (hall be feven days at the lead from the may be conti-time of fuch notice being publifhed in the Gazette; and it (halj days after the be lawful for fuch commiflioners to continue fuch increafe of average price rates and fares as aforefaid, until the average price of oats, fo of oats (hall publifhed as aforefaid, (hall be reduced to one pound and one be reduced to (hilling a quarter, and for fuch further time, not exceeding thirty

P P 4	days,	*	4

*	e	Digitized	by	1	^.oogle

The commiffioners may appoint in-fpe&ors of hackney coaches and horfes;

and fufpend the licence of any perfon whole coach fhall he defective, or horfes unfit;

and may annul licences if the infpec-tors are re-fufed to examine coaches, &c.

Hackney

coachmen, where coaches are Handing i 11 any place>

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 47. [1800.

days, after the average price of oats (hall be reduced to one pound and one (hilling per quarter, as they (hall fee fit.

IV.	And whereas it is expedient that fome regulations Jhould be made for the purpofe of more effectually cornpelling perfom licet,led u drive, keepy and let to hire hackney coaches, to provide fafe and clean coaches, and able and fufficient horfes, and fuch as fhall be fit for the accommodation of perfons hiring the fame\ be it therefore further ena&ed, That it lhall be lawful for the (aid commiffioners, and they are hereby authorifed to appoint fome proper perfon or per-fons of competent (kill and judgement, with fuch moderate allowance as the faid commiffioners (hall think fit for his or their pains'and trouble, to infpetft all hackney coaches licenfed by fuch commiffioners as aforefaid, and the horfes which (hall be ufed in drawing the faid coaches; and fuch perfon or perfons (hall, four times at the ieaft in each and every year, and alfo at *all times whenever the commiffioners (hall think fit, furvey and infpedl all hackney coaches, and the horfes which fhall be ufcd in drawing them, or fuch and fo many of fuch hackney coaches and horfes as they (hall be required to furvey and examine by fuch commiffioners, and afeertain and examine the ftatc a/id condition of fuch hackney coaches and horfes, and report the fame to the faid commiflioners; and it fhall be lawful for the faid commiflioners, and they are hereby authorifed to fufpend the licence of any perfon or perfons whofe hackney coach (hall be found defe<Slive, either in refpedt of the fafety, (late of repair, or condition or cleanlinefs thereof, or whofe horfes (hall be deemed unfit or inefficient, and to continue fuch fufpenfion of fuch licence until the fame (hall be properly rectified ; and if any perfon or perfons to whom any fuch hackney ccach fhali belong, or who (hall be licenfed to drive, keep, or let fuch hackney coach, or any perfon or perfons employed by or acting for him or them, (hall refufe to permit any perfon or perfons, (fccmgfo appointed by fuch commiffioners as aforefaid), to furvcy and examine any fuch hackney coach, or the horfes ufed in drawing them, or (hall produce to any fuch perfon or perfons any other coach than the coach bona fide and ordinarily driven under the Jicence granted for that purpofe, or the horfes which they (hall have ordinarily ufed in or for drawing the fame, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid commiffioners, and they are hereby authorifed to fuperfedc fuch licence, and render the fame null and void.

V.	And whereas many hackney coachmen who are in thefiretts with their coaches, in the courfe of their employment withdraw firm thofe parts of the fireets where they ought to fiand and ply for hire, and alfo attend with their coaches about the theatres, and places of publick r forty and under pretence of being already hired, refuje U go with perfons defirous of hiring fuch coaches; be it therefore enacted, That every hackney coachman whofe coach (hall be found (landing in any flreet or place, and whofe coach (ball not be adtuallv hired, (hall be deemedand taken to be plying for hire, although fuch coach lhall not be on any (landing or place ofually appropriated for

the





1800.] Anno regni quadrageflmo Georgii III. c. 47.	583

the purpofe of hackney coaches (landing or plying for hire ; and comm liable to every fuch coachman who (hall not be actually hired, (hall be ^^rfb^elir-obliged and compellable to go with any perfon or perfons ddirous J.us oi firing of hiring fuch coach ; and if any complaint fhail be made.to the them} and in faid ctfmrniffioners, of the refufal of ar.y fuch hackney coachman cafe of rcfufal to go with any perfon or perfons defirous of hiring inch coach, ^nk-fs * fuch hackney coachman (hall be obliged to give evidence of the^prove having been and being hired at the time of the application made their Icing to hire fuch hackney coach; and in calc any fuch hackney coach- hired, man cannot or fhail not produce fufiicient evidence of having been fo then hired as afoiefaid, he or they (hall be fubje£t and liable to fuch and the like penalty or penalties, and punithmenf, as may by any ad or ads, or law or laws now in being, be im-pofed <?r inflicted in caies of refufal to carry for hire by licenfed hackney coachmen.

VI.	Provided always. That in every fuch cafe, where any If a coachman coachman who fhail have been fummoned for any inch refufal,

(ball produce futficient evidence of having been then hired as p,a)i pruvehis aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for fuch commifiioners, and they are having beei\ hereby authorised to require the perfon who (hall have fummoned hired, the fuch coachman, to make to fuch coachman fuch reafonable to^equir^thc allowance for his lofs of time, as to fuch commifiioners (hall in pa,*tVto make their diferetion feem proper in that behalf.	him iatisfac*

VII.	And whereas it is expedient that fome provifan Jhould he t ion for lofs made for the better ordering and regulating the drivers of hackney 0 time*

ioaches, and afo the perfons attending as watermen and ajjjjlants at hackney eoach fundings and at places of pubmk rejort, be it therefore further enaded. That it (hall be lawful tor the faid com- The comirif-miflioners, and they are hereby authoris'd to require all and loners may every perfon and perfons licenced to keep, drive, or let to hire any hackney coach, to enter, in a book or books, to be kept to keep hack-for that purpofe at the oihccof the faid commifiioners, the name m.y coaches and names, and reiuicncc or rehdenees refpedivcly, of the perfon ?ntTat or perfons driving fuch licenfed hackney coach, and it (hall	and	re-

thereupon be lawful for the laid commifiioners to grant leave in iidtncea of the fuch manner and form as they (hall think fit to fuch perfon or drivers, to perfons to drive fuch hackney coach ; and at any time or times ^hom they upon complaint made by any pet (on or perfons, or information ^ve^mdrive given of any mifeomiud of any fuch driver as aforefaid, oi* any and revoke or complaint made by the owner of any fuch coach or perfon em- fufpend the ploying-fuch driver, to revoke or fulpend, for fuch time as they hme, as alfo (hall think neceflary, fuch leave; and if any perfon or perform ^ keeping licenfed to keep or Jet to hire any fuch hackney coach (hall hackney omit to enter the name or names, and refidence or refidences, of coaches of the driver or drivers of any fuch hackney coach, or (hall permit P®r*jon8 or fuffer any perfon or perfons not fo duly entered as aforefaid, en’^°2he t(\ and to whom no fuch leave (hall have been granted as aforefaid, names of their (unlefe for any period of time between the time of any fuch drivers, or driver having left the driving of any fuch hackney coach, and the next day of meeting of fuch commifiioners), then and in fuch J^redt® cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid commifiioners ta revoke or to drive.

fufpend, j

 VjOOQlC

by the com-miflioncra, liable to penalty*

The com mi f-fionera may

584 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 47, [1800.

fufpend, for fuch ticnc as they (hall fee fit, the licence of fuch perfon or perfons.

Ferfomat- VIII. And be it further enabled, That, from and after the tending as palling of this a<S, it (hall not be lawful for any perfon to attend watermen to at any hackney coach ftanding, or at any place of publick refort, coJchinen as a waterman or affiftant to hackney coachmen, unlefe fucb not authorifed PCTf°n fhall be authorifed under the hand writing of the (aid commiflioners fo to do ; and if any fuch perfon fhall prefuroe to attend as fuch waterman or afiiftant as aforefaid, without being fo authorifed as aforefaid, he fhall be liable to fuch penalty and forfeiture for fo doing, as fhall be impofed in that behalf by the faid commiflioners, by any order, rule, or ordinance made by them in purfuance-of this a&.

IX.	And be it further enabled. That the faid commiffioners for the time being fhall have full power and authority to make,

make rules for fraLme$ and fct down in writing, fuch reafonable rules, orders, hackney 8 and ordinances, for governing and regulating all perfons who coachmen fhall drive any hackney coaches, and alfo all perfons who (hall and watermen attend as watermen or as affiftants to hackney coachmen,*at any attending^ ^ hackney coach {landings, or at any places of publick sefort, and nexpenalties" *° anne* reafonable penalties and forfeitures for the breach of fuch rules, orders, and ordinances, not exceeding forty {hillings nor lefs than five fhillings, for any one offence ; and fuch rules, orders, and ordinances, or any of them, from time to time, to alter or amend.

X.	And be It further enabled. That, from and after the paf-ftng of this a6f, no perfon or perfons (hall prefume to carry any

frircln8* fedan Per^on or Perf°ns for hire in any fedan chair, (unlefs fuch fedan chair, (unlefs chair ihall have been or fhall he hired by fuch perfon or perfons hired for a for the whole of the day of twelve hours at the leaft, in which he, day), within {he, 0r they fhall be carried in fuch fedan chair), within the ^Vhout a ltS> c,t*es London or JViflminJhr, or the fuburbs of the fame, or licence," on within any of the parities places comprized within the weekly penalty of bills of mortality, without having firft obtained a licence for 40s.	fuch carry ing a hackney chair from the commiffiontr* for liccnfmg

and regulating hackney coaches and chairs; and if any perfon (hall offend herein, he fhall forfeit for every fuch offence the futn of forty (hillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied, as any penalty or fine may by any a& or a&s, or law or laws now in force, be recovered, levied, and applied, for the carrying any perfon or perfons in any hackney chair for hire within the fame cities, fuburbs, or places, without fuch chairman or carrier being licenfed by the commiffioners aforefaid.

Hackney	XL	And be it further enacted, That if any fuch hackney

coachmen ex- coachman, his renter or driver, (hall exadf or take more for his

thro their^ °r t^c*r ^*rc t*lan ^cvera* rates kerety limited, he or they tart liable to ^or cvery fhch offence be fubjefl and liable to fuch and the the penalties, like penalties, forfeitures, and punifbments, to be levied, re-antlthe fares covered, fuffered, and infli&ed by fuch perfons, and in fuch and r^verable^ jjfce manncr and form, as by any law or laws now are in m>win being! ^ing rcfpedling fuch hackney coachmen, their renters or drivers;

and

for breach thereof.

No perfon (hall carry





i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefitno Georgii III. c. 48.	585^

and that the fevera! rates and fares herein-before mentioned fhail and may be recovered in fuch and the like manner as the fares of hackney coachmen aqp»by any ad or ads of parliament now recoverable.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That if any hackney coach- fn cafe of ar-iricn, his, her, or their renter or renters, (hall, from and after rearjs

the pafling of this ad, be in arrear of payment of any rent or	C

rents, referved or made payable by any licence or licences granted, they may be or to he hereafter granted by the faid commiffioners, or the major revoked, and part of them, for any longer time than is or fhail be exprefled in the arrears fuch licence or licences, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the ^ cr faid commiffioners, or the major part of them, to revoke fuch owner or licence or licences, and to levy the rents and fums of money renter, referved, and thereby made payable, either upon the goods and chattels of fuch owner or owners, or renter or renters, in fuch and the like manner and form, as they may by any law now in being do with refped to fuch owner or owners.

XIII.	And be it further enaded,That if any perfon or perfons General iffue (hall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profecuted for maV ** P,cad* any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this e *

aft, or of any claufe, matter, or thing, herein contained, fuch perfon and perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence, for his and their defence; and if upon the trial a verdift fhail pais for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become non^ fuited, fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts Treble cofts. awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLVIIL

An aft to repeal the duties on fugar and coffee exported, granted by an afly paffed in the thirty-ninth year of his prefent Majefty's reign, for allowing Britifh plantation fugar to be ivarehoufed \ fbr reviving fo much of an afl, made in the thirty-feco'id year of the reign of his prefent Majtjly, as relates to the afeertaining the average price of fugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback on the exportation thereof •> and for allowing certain drawbacks on fugar exported, until the tenth day of May one thoufand eight hundred and one.—[May 30, 1800.]

WHEREAS by an afl, paffed in the thirty-ninth year of Preamble. reign of bis prefent Majejly\ intituled, An aft for granting 39 Geo. 3.

, to his Majefty certain additional duties on fugar imported and c. 63, recited, exported, and on coffee exported, and for reducing the drawbacks now -allowed on the exportation of fugar, amongjl other things, certain duties were granted on the exportation of fugar and coffee: and whereas it is expedient that the faid duties jhould be repealed for a limited time: be it therefore enafted by the King’s ■ moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritaal and temporal, and commons, in th?s prdent parliament affembled, and by the authority of thfc fame. That, and fo much

from ^reof as 1m-

 vliOO^iC

586 Anno regni quadragefimo Georoii Ilf. c. 48. [1800-

-pofc8 duties from and after the paflin'g of this aft, and during the continuance tatioifof cof" thereof, much of the faid recited aft as impofes the faid duties fee'and^ugar on exportation of coffee and fugar (kail be, and the fame is repealed, and hereby repealed} and that fo much of the faid duties impofed by fuch duties as the faid recited acts as became due and payable between the able betPay" thirteenth day of Oflober one thoufand fevert hundred and ninety-Oa. 13,^*799, n,ne* an<* l*me °f	this aft, (hall not be paid or pay-

andthepsfiing able, and that any bonds which may have been entered into for this aft Ihall payment of any fuch duties (hall be, and the fame are hereby able**	declared to be null and void, and the fame fhall be cancelled

accordingly.

II.	And whereas it is expedient that further time Jhould be given for the payment of the duties on Britifh plantation fugaf imported or to be imported into Great Britain after the thirty -firji day of March one thoufand eight hundred, for which the duties have not already ban Till May to, paid-, be it therefore enafted. That, from and after the paffing t$oi, bond of this aft, and until the tenth day of May one thoufand eight tortiuf duties burred am* one’ lt &all bs lawful.for the commiflioners of the on Britifh cuftoms for the time being in England and Scotland refpeftively, plantation to take bond to his iVIajefty from the importer or importers, fugar import- proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees of any Britijh **1*^8^ or** planlatlon fugar f°r the payment of the duties chargeable upon upon fuch^u- ai>y ^uch fugar imported into any port in Great Britain at any gar, the duties time after the thirty-firft day of March one thoufand eight hun-whereon (hall dred, of upon any fuch fugar in refpeft whereof fuch duties (hall D°*tinaVf t>€Cn not have been Pa‘d before the paffing of this aft} and all fugar palling this f° bonded as aforefaid (hall be lodged and fecured at the (ole aft, which expence of the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, fugar fhall be confignee or confignees thereof under the joint locks of his Ma-andifth^du	anc* *mPorter or importers, proprietor or proprietors,

tics be not * confignee or confignees thereof, in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes paid within as fhall be fit for that purpofe, and (hall be approved of by the certain pe- faid commiflioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland\ as the riods from the cafe mav be. ancj juch fugar rtiall not be delivered, cleared, or jt^jraybeffld! ta^en from any fu°b warehoufe, unlcfs or until the full duties due and payable thereon, fhall be firft paid to the proper officer of the cufioms; and if the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, confignee or confignees of fuch fugar, Ihall omit, negleft, or refufe to pay and farisfy all the duties due and payable iri refpeft of fuch fugar as (hall be entered in the ufual and accuftomed manner on or before the tenth day of September one thoufand eight hundred, within fix months from the date of any bond given under this aft for the payment of the duties upon fuch fugar as aforefaid, and with refpeft to any fuch fugar as (hall be imported into the port of London, and fo entered between the faid tenth day of September and the (aid tenth day of Marche within three months from the date of any bond fo given, and, with refpeft to any fuch fugar as fhall be imported into any other port of this kingdom, and fo entered between the faid tenth day of September and the (aid tenth day of March, within two months from the davf of any bond fo given, it (ball be lawful for the

commiilioners





j8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 48.	587

commiffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpedively, at the expiration of fuch periods as aforefaid, tocaufe fuch fugar to be publickly fold to the beft bidder at fuch places as the faid commiffioners of the cuftoms in England and Scotland refpeftively (hall think proper, and out of the proceeds of fuch fale to fatisfy fuch duties, together with all fuch expences as (hall have arifen, relating to any fuch fugar, and the overplus (if any be) (hall be paid to the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, con-fignee or confignees of fuch fugar, or fuch other perfonor perfons as (hall be authorifed to receive the fame.

III.	And be it further enabled, That no bond taken by virtue No bond fhall and in purfuance of this aft, (hall be difeharged either in law or bedifeharged equity, without the full payment or fatisfaftion of the principal TOen^of prfn-cnoney due or to become due thereon, together with intereft, at cjpa) and in-and after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to be terelt. reckoned from the date of fuch bond until the aftual paynvnt or fatisfaftion thereof.

IV.	Provided always, and be it cnafted, That it (hall and Fees and

may be lawful to deduft and retain out of the principal and intereft ftamp duties that may become due on any bond to be taken in purfuance of	rC‘

this aft, the fees and ftamp duties that (hall have been paid on

any fuch bond.

V.	And whereas by an aft paffed in the thirty-ninth year of the Recital of reign of his prefent Mayefly, for granting to his Alajefly certain addi- 39 Geo. 3. tional duties on fugar imported and exported, and on coffee exported, certain and for reducing the drawbacks allowed on the exportation offugar, vifions of certain proviflons of an aft paffd in the thirty-fecond year of the 3% Geo. 3. . reign of bis prefent Majefly,for regulating the allowance of the draw- c- 43- were back and payment of the bounty on the exportation of fugar, and for rcPeale<h other purpofes, as far as the fame related to the afeertaining the average

price offugar in manner in the faid aft mentioned, or of regulating _ the allowance of the drawback or the payment of the bounty on the ex-. portation of fugar were repealed: and whereas it is expedient that the 36 Geo. 3. full drawback and bounty direfted to be withheld by an aft of the c* fj anci thirty-flxth year of the reign of his prefent Alajefly, and by an aft	hefted

the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Alajejly, Jhould be al~ * 3>' L lowed in certain cafes: and whereas it thereby becomes neceffary that the fever al proviflons of the faid aft of the thirty fecond year of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, fo far as the fame relate to the afeertain-itig the average price of fugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback or the payment of bounty on the exportation of fugar, (hould be revived: be it therefore enafted, That, from and after the fifth From May 5, day of May one thoufand eight hundred, the faid aft palled in l8°0' the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and all far ^rchre* theclaufcs, provifions, powers, authorities, direftions, and regu- to afeertaining lauons therein contained, as far as the fame relate to afeertaining the average tlie average price of fugar in the manner therein mentioned, or of andrefththr-regulating the allowance of drawback, or the payment of the tiie drawback bounty on the exportation of fugar, (hall be, and the fame are on exporta-hereby revived, and (hall be and remain in full force during the tion> revived, continuance of this aft, except as any fuch provifions, directions.

 

From May 5, 1800, till Nov. 10,1800, the drawbacks on the exportation of fu-gar, withheld by recited a&s of 3^ Geo. 3. and 39 Geo.3. •to be allowed, and the duty impofed by 39 Geo. 3. upon fugar imported by the Eaft India company, dif-continu-d on iuch as fliall be exported.

If on Nov. jo, 1800, the average price of mufeovado fugar, taken as direded by 32 Geo 3. c. 47. fhall not have exceeded 758. per cwt. the drawbacks withheld by 36 Geo. 3.and 39 Geo. 3. ihall be paid, and the laid duties on fugar imported by the Eaft India company to be dtfeontinued on delivery f( r exportation. 0

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 48. [1800.

or regulations are herein altered, in as full and ample a manner,to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if all the (aid claufes, pro-vifions, powers, authorities, and directions were repeated and re-enacted in the body of this prefent aft; any thing in the faid aft of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That, from and after the fifth day of May one thoufand eight hundred, and until the tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred, the whole of the drawbacks and bounty paid or payable on the exportation of fugar, direSed to be withheld by the faid afts of the thirty-fhth and thirty-ninth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, (hall be paid and allowed in like manner in every refpeft, and fubje&to, and under and according to the like rules and regulations as any drawbacks or bounties were paid or allowed before the paflingof the f'Jd aft of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majelty, and during all fuch time as aforefaid, the whole of the duty impofed by an aft of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, upon fugar imported into Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies,and warehoufed according to law, and fold at the Tales of the faid company, (hall, as to all fuch fugar as (hall be exported during the time laft aforefaid, be, and the fame is hereby wholly difeon-tinued; anything contained in the faid aft of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That if on the faid tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred, it (hall appear bjr notice in the Lcndon Gazette, in manner direfted in the faid aft of the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, that the average prices of brown or mufeovado fugar, taken in manner direfted by the faid aft made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the fix weeks preceding, (hall not have exceeded feventy-five (billings for an hundredweight, inclufive of the duties of cuftoms paid or payable thereon on the importation into Great Britain, then and in every fuch cafe the whole of the drawbacks and bounty paid or payable on the exportation of fugar directed to be withheld by the faid ad of the thircy-fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and by the faid aft of the thirty-ninth year of his preient Majefty’s reign, (hall be paid and allowed in like manner in every refpeft, and fubjeft to, and under and according to the like rules and regulations as any drawbacks and bounties were paid and allowed before the patting of the faid aft of the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, by any aft or afts of parliament, except as any fuch rules or regulations are altered by this aft; and the whole of the duty impofed by an aft patted in the thirty-ninth year of ihe reign of his prefent Majefty upon fugar imported into Great Britain by the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, and warehoufed according to law, and fold at the Tales of the (aid company, (hall, upon the deli-

'	wy

iSoo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Geokgii III. C. 49-	589

very thereof out of the warehoufes for exportation, during the time of any drawbacks or bounties being paid or allowed under this a&, be, and the fame are hereby wholly difeontinued; any thing in the faid a£I palled in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII,	Provided always, and be it enacted, That the draw- Hrawhack t» back and bounty payable on the exportation of fugar, by virtue j?e and in purfuance of this acf, Ibali be paid and allowed on all o/waterborii fugar which (hall be (hipped or laden on board any fhip or (hips, with intent t* or water-born with intent to be (hipped or laden on beard any be thipt, for (hip or (hips in Great Britain.	exportation.

IX- And be it further enaclcd, That this a61 (hall, as to all Continuance the matters 2nd things herein contained relating to the paying of aft. and allowing any drawback or bounty, or difeontinuing any duty under this a<5t, have continuance until the tenth day of May one thoufaud eight hundred and one.

CAP. XLIX,

An aQ for the better ascertaining and collecting the duties granted by federal afts pajfed in the lajl feffion of parliament, relating to the duties on income; and to explain and amend the faid aCts,— [June 20, 1800.3

WHEREAS it is expedient that prcvifion Jhould be made for Preamble.

better collecting the duties upon income, impofed by feveral aCls af the l*ft fejjion of parliament: be it therefore enadted by the King’s molt excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That, from and after the paffing of this acl, no perfon or perfons All perfons (hall be allowed to feparate or divide the fum intended to be deliver contributed into feveral portions, nor (hall elect to pay the ^mc whletb^made by payments to be made in different diviiions in feparate propor** jointly or fc-tions; but all and every perfon and perfons, whether any fuch paratdyvcom-ftatement'fliall be made jointly by two or more perfons, or fe- pretending parately, (hall deliver a ftatement, comprehending the whole^deTtobc fum intended to be contributed by him, her, or them, in refpedt contributed of the whole of his, her, or their income, fiom-whatever fource for the whole the fame (hail arife, or in refpedf of the whole of the income income from received or receivable by him, her, or tItem, as truftee, agent, jp0urccVart(i«ir receiver, guardian, committee, tutor, or curator, or in any or receivable other capacity, on account of any other perfon or perfons, in onehs tniltee,&c. and the fame diviiion, and to the affeffors for the fame parifh or j.n one and the place, or commiffioners, as thp cafe may require, for the fame t*whe« diftrift, whether they (hall be commercial commiffioners or engaged in commiffioners for the purpofes of the ac5is on income, except indifferent con* the cafes where the fame perfons (hall be engaged in different cerns; Md concerns of trade or manufacture in partnerfhip, or feparately, in ^thcwhole divers places; and fuch perfon or perfons (hall be charged and by the fame affefled to the whole of fuch income by the fame defeription of deferiptionof commiffioners* and not in different portions bv commiffioners coramiffioa-

yoc .

.59°

Every perfon carrying on trade where •commercial

tinguilh in their ftate-ments how much of rhe

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 48. [i860.

of different diftricts or by different commiffioners, (except as aforeiaid); any thing in the faid a£ts, or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it futher enafted, That every perfon carrying on trade or manufacture, within any city, town, place, or diftrict, where commercial commiffioners have been or (hall hereafter he commiffioners appointed to act, and fhall a<5t as fuch commercial commiffioners, a&, (except except as herein-after is otherwife provided, (hall deliver in the ^rovkkd^ter ^atement required to be returned by him or her in purfuance of thall deliver the faid a£te and this adt, to the commercial commiffioners for Jus ltatement fuch city, town, place, or diftri&; and the income of every fuch

to them, and perfon (hall be cognizable only by fuch commercial commit

his income	J

111 rill be cog- 1,oners-niz.ible by them only.

Pcrfons in HI. And be it further enadted, That every perfon engaged in trade to dif- jra(|e or manufacture (hail fpecify and diftinguifh, in the ftate-ment delivered by him or her under the faid acts or this act, (whether the fame-(hall be delivered to commercial commiffioners or commiffioners for the pur poles of the faid adds), or to afleffors inref*^ovv rouch of the fum of money contained in fuch ftatement is incomeariffng Payab!e in refpect of income anfing from trade or manufacture, from trade, and how much thereof in refpedt of income, derived from any andhowrmuch other fource or fourtes; and every fuch perfon (hall be aflefled in refpedt of according to the fame rate to the whole of the duties payable in i'rom^ther118 refpe<^ °f the whole of his or her income in one fum, from what-fource, but ever fource or fources the fame (hall arife, diftinguilhing never-bcafiWTed thelefs in fuch affeffment the proportion aflefled in refpe& of a^co^u,n^ to income ariling from trade or manufacture, and the proportion for th^vvhote thereof arifing from any other fource or fources. in one fum.	I VS And be it further enadted, That every prrfon engaged in

Perfons in	trade or manufacture (hall, in his or her (btemeur, fpecify

the diftriCl where his or her Itatement if any was delivered in the preceding year, and whether the fame was delivered to aflliTors or to commercial commiffioners, and alfo whether the income in relpeCI whereof the fame was delivered, was calculated on an

Wii<JIU Uicy	r	r	,	;	.c	c

were delivered average or years, or on one year only; and it on an average or the preceding years, then the particular years and number thereof; and where year, and any two or m0re perfons (hall be engaged in trade or nrmufac-tacomeVas* ture as Partners togefher, then the ftatement or ftatements of calculated on fuch partners, whether the fame (hall be delivered in jointly or an average of fcparately, fhall alfo fpecify the name and refidence of every years, and the partner, and each partner (hall refpeCtively ftate whether the number^and ^atement or ftatements delivered in by him in the preceding year partners*to °f (uch partnerlhip income (if any fuch were delivered in) con* tained the joint or feparate income of fuch partners, and alfo where and before what commiffioners fuch partner was aflefled; and whether fuch ftatement or ftatements was or were calculated on the income of the preceding year, or on an average of any and what number of preceding years.

trade to fpecify in their ftatements wiu re and to whom they

fpecify the name and re fid t nee of each, and whether the ftatements

delivered in

the preceding year contain jtheir joint or feparate income, and where aflefledandhow calculated.

V. Provided

1800.] Anno iregni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 49.	591

V. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That all Statements of ftatemenrs delivered by any perfons trading in partnership to- ^eUv^red^n^ gether, whether joint or feparate, Shall be delivered in the divi- the^tvifioii fion or place, and to the refpedlive commissioners, where the where the trade or manufacture Shall be carried on, notwithstanding the trade is car-fame perfon maybe engaged in dill inct partnership concerns; **^^*01? and if any fuch trade or manufacture Shall be carried on in divers jn diver8 places, then the fame Shall be delivered in at fome one of fuch places, then places, at the election of the principal partner or perfon having at fuch one as the larger Share or interdl in fuch partnership concern, and being refident in Great Britain; or if the refpedtive Shares and interefts [JentTn Great of feveral of fuch partners in any fuch partnerlhip, who are re- Britain (hall fpeftively refident in Great Britain, Shall be equal, then at the eleft; and ele&ion of fuch of the laid partners who (hall be fo refident, and ^^re who (hall be firft named in the deed, inftrument, or other agree- equal, auhe ment of copartnership, or when there (hall be no fuch deed, inftru- election of meat, or agreement of copartner(hip, then at the eledion of the refident fuch of the faid partners who (hall be fo refident in Great Britain, and (hall be named fingly or with priority to the other partner or deed , and partners in the ufual copartner(hip name, Stile, and firm j whereof where there fuch partner is hereby required to give notice to every other is no deed, at partner in fuch trade or manufacture refiding in Great Britain:	recent

provided alfo, That where no fuch partner Shall be refident in part£ernamed Great Britain, then the Statement of the income of fuch partner- firft in the Ship (h?li be delivered by their agent, manager, or fadtor in firm, who is Great Britainy jointly for fuch partners: provided alfo, That	™ticc

where certain of the partners (hall not be refident in Great Bri- every°other tainy and any other or others (hall be refident therein, and the refident part-partner or partners who is or are fo refident, Shall be defirous of ner. Where delivering feparate Statements, the partner or principal partner j^ere 18 rc* of thofe who are refident in Great Britain, (hall deliver the Slate- the ftatement* ments of income arifing from fuch partnerlhip, of all the partners tobedelivered not refident in Great Britain; and every ftatement of the joint by the agent, income of any fuch partnership, where the partners Shall be de- Where the firous of being charged jointly, (hall comprize only the income refident part* arifing from fuch trade or manufacture as aforefaid, or from fuch	of

lands or tenements occupied for the purpofe of fuch trade or delivering fern a nufa Sure; and a diftinCt afleSTrfient (hall be made upon the parate ftate-partners jointly upon the whole as a feparate income^ without ments, the any divifton thereof into Shares or portions according to Sd^nt^fhal?"* refpedtive interells of fuch partners, and without any addition dejjvcr the of any feparate income: provided 'always, That if any or either ftateroents of of fuch partners Shall be chargeable in refpeCl of his or her fepa- the non-refi-rate income, amounting to lefs than two hundred pounds, every ^nd wheieYhe fuch partner (hall declare his or her proportion in fuch partner- partes are 6 Ship, in order that the feparate income may be added thereto in defirous of be-making the afl'eSTment, or in default thereof he or She Shall be »ng charged chargeable for the tenth of fuch feparate income, whatever may jointty»the be, the amount thereof.	ShaH comprise

only the income arifing from the trade and premifes 5 and a diftinft afleflment Shall be made upon the partners jointly upon the whole as a feparate income. If a partner Shall be chargeable in refpe& of his feparate income for lefs than aool. he (hall declare his .proDOrtion in the partnerlhip, or be liable to pay a tenth.	Goodf

Vot. XLII.	Qq	.	CVT.	And

592	Anno regni quadragefimo Georgji III. c. 49. [1800.

The comm if-	VI. And be it further enabled. That it (hall be lawful tor the

commiffioners ailing in rhe execution of the ads relating to diftriftin duties on income, within any diftrid in which anyperfon (hall which perfons be affefled according to the rules and regulations in the faid ads jo trade fhall or any or either of them or this ad contained, for afleffing perfons (except the en£aScc* *n tra<*e or manufacture, (except the commercial com-commercial miffioners for the city of London and its vicinity), to appoint commiflionersfomc proper perfon or perfons, and fuch as can give competent for London fecurity to the fatisfadion of the faid commiffioners, (which tilt	fecurity the faid commiffioners, or any two of them, are hereby

appoint per- authorifed to require and take in their own names, and infert fons to receive therein fuch conditions as (hail be required by the commiffioners the duties for the affairs of taxes in that behalf), to receive the duties afleffed trMers wdiofe ^7 commiffioners in any fuch dffirid upon perfons engaged affilfments in trade or manufadure, whofe affeflment fhall not be included jhall not have in any warrant to any colle&or or colledors of the faid duties; been included or who fhall not have given notice to pay the fame into the bank ranTtoThe"" Enghwd-y and it fhall be lawful for the faid refpedive com-cohedors^r miflioners to allow to the perfon or perfons fo appointed as afore-who fhall not faid, fuch falary or reward for his or their attendance and have given trouble therein, as fhall be agreed upon between fuch commif-noticetopay fioners and the perfon or perfons as aforefaid, and as fhall be the bank ^nd aPProvcd of by the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, not may allow exceeding the' rate of one penny halfpenny in the pound of the them fuch fum paid to the receiver general as after mentioned; which rec^m.Fbnce falary or reward the perfon or perfons fo appointed is and ate approved^f hereby empowered to detain out of the payments of the laft by the com- inftalment payable in refpedt of the duties receivable by him or miflioners for them as aforefaid 5 and every fuch perfon fhall on fame day in taxee.	every week, to be named in the fecurity entered into by him,

Such perfon9 pay or remit to the receiver general of the county, riding, fhire, !°	^ewartry>	or P^acci where fuch duties fhall be paid as aforefaid,

ceiver general wh°le amount of the duties that fhall from time to time be the money colle&ed by virtue of this a<5h

colle&ed. VII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no per-Na trader fon engaged in trade or manufadlure, and entitled by the (aid whofe pro-_ a<51s to be affe/Ted by the commercial commiffioners appointed E°tIonCftiaU* w,t^n and for the city of London and its vicinity, whofe cootri-not amount bution, in refpedl of income arifmg from fuch trade or mami-to aol. fhall fa&ure, which fhall be returned in the ftatement delivered in by be entitled to him or her, fhall not amount to the fura of twenty pounds, fhall, be afTcffed by from anj after pafling of this aft, be entitled to be adefied cial commif- the commercial commiffioners of the city of London and fioners for its vicinity: provided always. That nothing herein contained London, but fhall extend or be conftrued to extend to prevent any perfons partners engaged in trade or manufacture in partnerfbip, whofe joint* contribution contribution in refpeft of income arifmg from fuch trade or amounts to manufacture, which fhall be returned in-one ftatement as upon that fum may a partnerfbip income, and to be afleffed as fuch, fhall amount to be afleffed by the faid fum of twenty pounds, from being aflefled by fuch com-Ulcra#	mercial commiffioners, although the whole income of any one of -

fuch partners might not amount to fuch fum as aforefaid.

VHL And

593

Tracers whole propofol contribution (hall not amount to aol. refiding within the jr.rifdidfion of th. commer-ci tl eommif-Gonerstor London, (hall be a defied by the commif-fioners for executing the income suits, to who/e clerks they may deliver ftatements as to the commercial commiflioners, and (hall be fled as traders.

■X

&

A

(i*

V'

t

1800.] Ahno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 49.

VIII.	And be it further enadted, That all perfons engaged in trade and manufacture, whofe contribution fo returned as afore-faid, as anting from trade or manufacture, (hall not amount to the faid fum of twenty pounds, and refiding or carrying on any fuch trade or manufacture within the jurifdiClion of the commercial commiflioners for the city of London and its vicinity,

(hall, from and after the patting of this a&, be a tic (led by the commiflioners for the purpofes of the faid adls and this a<3, acting for the diftriCt within which fuch perfons refpectivcly (hall carry on fuch trade or manufadlure; and it (hall be lawful for fuch perfons refpe&ivelv, by him, her, or themfelves, or his, her, or their agents, to deliver or caufe to be delivered their refpe&ive ftatements to the clerks to the faid latt-mentioned commiflioners, in fuch and the like manner, in every refpedt, as if fuch ftatements were delivered to the commercial commiflioners ; and fuch perfons (hall thereupon be aflefled by all or any of fuch rules, directions, and regulations, as arc in any of the faid acts and this a61 contained, with refpcdl to perfons in trade or manufacture.

affc

IX.	And be it further enacted, That every perfon engaged in Traderswith-trade or manufacture, within the limits of the diftridt of

commercial commiflioners for the city of London and its vicinity, mercjaj COI^Jv who, by reafon of any of the provifions of this act, .(hall not be miflioners for entitled to be aflefled by fuch commercial committioners as afore- London, not faid, and every perlon engaged in trade or manufacture in any 3^^ b° city, town, place, or diftridt, where no fuch commercial com- and miflioners as aforefaid (hall a&, may on the delivery of his or traders in any her ftatement to the committioners for the purpofes of the faid diftrift where; a£ts in the diftridl where fuch trade or manufacture (hall be car- ^ocommercial ried on, require to be afiefled to the faid duties, under the like atfTmay^on* rules and in all refpects in like manner as if fuch ftatements had delivery of been delivered to- commercial commiflioners; and the comtnif- ftatements to fioners for the purpofes of the faid ads, in every fuch diftridl, ^hecommif- . (hall, on the receipt pf any fealed ftatement which (hall have pu"pJJc°of * been delivered to them and not to the afleflors, proceed to charge the income fuch perfon in like manner, and under the like powers, rules, a^s.beaflVflcd* regulations, and .directions, in all refpe&s, as any commercial ^eudeSvcred committioners might have done; provided that fuch ooinmif- locommer, fioners fof the purpofes of the faid adts, and their refpeclive clerks, cul commif-and fuch receiver or receivers as they (hall appoint 4s herein- fioners; fuch before provided, (hall, before they act therein, take the oath of ers^theij*011" • fecrefy required to be taken by commercial commiflioners and	an(j

their refpedtive clerks, by virtue of the faid a<5t$ or any of them, the receivers . in addition to the oath required to be taken by other com-to take the miflioners.	..............

X.	And be it further enabled. That any income ariflng from ore ^ property in any of the Britifk plantations in America, and im- incomearifing ported into Great Britain from thence, (hall be ftaced, proved, from property afeertained, and aflefled, before and by the refpeclive commif- in the Britifh

<^<^2	fioners	P,ailtation®

 

59+ Anno regni quadragefitno Georgii III. c. 49, [1800.

in America fioners for the purpofes of the faid afts and this aft, afting for and imported tflc diftrift within which the perfon or perfons to whom any fuch BriuinVfliall ProPerty (hall belong (hall refide, in every cafe where the amount be aflefled by of contribution in refpeft of the income arifmg from fuch pro-the commif- perty as aforefaid (hall not amount to the fum of twenty pounds, 5?™rc?for*he in hke manner and under the like rules as income arifmg from

S^dTSlr «*= ■»	.

owner (hall refide, where the contribution lhali not amount to 201. as income arifing from trade.

So much of / XI. And be it further enafted. That fo much of the (aid

adts as retrain recited afts, or any of them, as reftrain commercial commiffioners

from enquiring into ftatements of income delivered to them before commmioners .	«r

from enquir- fne expiration of twenty-one days from the day of receiving the ing into ftate- fame, (hall be and the fame is hereby repealed, ments before

ai days after delivery, repealed.

The commer cial commiffioners, and the commiffioners aftinj

XII.	And be it further enafted, That, from and after the paffing of this aft, the feveral commercial commiffioners, and the commiffioners for the purpofes of the faid afts, afting ?s ig fuch commercial commiffioners, (hall, in their refpeftive boob fuch, fhalT 0f afleflments, enter and caufe to be entered the feveral amounts aflbffed^n re*-*	^ums	by	them in refpeft of income arifmg from

fpeft^fin-6* trac^e or manufafture, feparate and apart from all fums aflefled come arifing by them in refpeft of income arifmg from any other fourcej and from trade, fhall, from time to time, make out and caufe to be made out, anc* tran^n*t or cau^e to tranfmitted to the commiffioners refpeftofother f°r the affairs of taxes, diftinft accounts of the amount of inincome, and come affeffed by them as arifing from trade or manufacture, and tranfmitto of the amount of income aflefled by them as arifing frompro-d ofRcC’ perty in any of the Britijh plantations in America, and alfo from counts of the anY ot^er ftmrce orfources, diftinguifhing the amount arifing on amount of each head of income; which accounts (hall feverally be made income af- out with the particulars and in the manner required by the faid a(^s ^or	accounts refpeftively j and (hall alfo from time to

from proi*rty t*me ma^c out or cau^e to macle out> an<* ^ranfinit or in America, 7 caufe to be tranfmitted to the commiffioners for the affairs of and from any taxes, lifts containing the name, defeription, and place of refi-^7ftOUfth ^ence a^ an^ every perfons or perfon aflefled by them refpec-zumes Ac. * tively, as foon as the fame conveniently can be done; which of all perfons lifts (hall be made out according to an alphabetical arrangement aflefled by of the refpeftive parifhes or places of refidence, clafling together than, made a]j panics and places in the fame county, riding, (hire, or

-

tical arrangement of the places of refidence.

In addition to XIII. And be it further enafted, That in addition to the r^uired^be ccrt^cate required by the faid afts to be given to every perfon giveiTto the to be aflefled by commercial commiflioners, the faid commercial perfons af-	commiflioners (hall, at the fame time at which the certificate

iefledby the before-mentioned (hall be delivered, deliver to the perfon fo com^fioni affeffed, or to fome perfon on his or her behalf, another certificate

 t^ooQle

iSoo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgit III. c. 49.	59$

cate, containing the proper name, defcription, and refidence of ere, they (hall the perfon fo aflefled, and certifying that fuch perfon hath been ^fJIvcr an' • charged to the faid duties on income, according to the provifions fag th^name] of the faid a&s by the commiffioners granting fuch certificate ; &c. of the which certificate {hall be figned by the clerk to the faid commif- perfonalfefl'ed, fioners, and (hall be exhibited forthwith by the party, to the commiffioners for the purpofes of the faid a&s, within the ^argtdc”0 the <fiftri& where fuch perfon might otherwife lawfully be afTefTed, to duties which Be by them returned to the party exhibiting fuch certificate after fhall be figned having taken a copy thereof, to be by the faid commiffioners ky^e,r clerk, kept and filed; and in default of fuch certificate being ex- ^thcTcom^ hibited within a reafonable time, unlcfs a fufficient excufe be mifiioners for given to the fatisfa&ion of fuch commiffioners, it (hall be lawful executing the for the commiffioners for the purpofes of the faid a£b in fuch income diftridt, to proceed to aflefs fuch perfon to the faid duties, in like may betaken manner as perfons not engaged in trade or manufacture may be and filed, and aflefled thereto.	ifnotexhibited

- in a reafonable

time, they may aflefs the party as a perfon not concerned in trade.

XIV.	And be it further enaCted, That whenever the com-When the mercial commiffioners (hall, according to the provifions of the commiffioners faid a<Ss, have allowed to any perfon, any abatement of thefums fa^i^ave116 afTefTed for the year ending on the fifth day of rfpril in any year, granted a

on account of diminution of income, and (hall have granted a certificate of certificate thereof in the manner direded by the faid a&s, or any an abatement aft relating to the faid duties, or referred to and made applicable djJ^n!Son of thereby, it (hall be lawful for the governor and company of the income, the bank of England to direCI their cafhier or cafhiers to repay to bank may fuch perfon fuch fum as it fhall appear has been overpaid on fuch dirc^ P?X~ afleflment, out of any publick monies in the hands of fuch calhier ^cr-pay- C or cafhiers,.} who (hall from time to time replace the fame out ment. of the firft monies that (hall come into the bank of England of the faid duties upon income; for which payment the certificate of the faid commiffioners (ball be a fufficient authority.

XV.	And be it further ena&ed, That the rules preferibed in The rules

the fchedules of the feverai adts for granting duties ori income, preferibed in or either of them, as far as relates to the mode for ascertaining the fchedules, income arifing from land occupied by the owner, or by a tenant afcerUUn^ at rack rent, fhall be and are hereby repealed.	fag^ncome"

arifing from land occupied by the owner, or by tenant at rack rent, repealed.

XVI.	And be it further enadled, That, from and after the paffing of this a&, the income arifing from land occupied by a tenant at rack rent, (hall be taken in the proportions herein-after fpecified to the aggregate amount of the following articles; (videlicet),

Rent for one year payable to the landlord or landlords: Parochial and other rates and afleffments charged on the faid lands, or upon the occupiers in refpeft of. fuch lands, on an average of the three fucceffive years ending on the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand (even hundred and ninety-nine, or

3y

Incomearifing from land occupied by a tenant at rack rent, robe taken in cer* tain proportions to the aggregate amount of the following articles, viz-rent, taxes, r tythes.

59^ Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii IIL c. 49. [1800.

on an average of the three fucceffive years ending the twenty-ninth day of September of the year immediately preceding the date of the exifting leafe, contract, or agreement by virtue of which fuch lands are held or occupied; provided fuch leafe, contrail, or agreement bears date of its commencement within fifteen vears previous to the pafling of this adt, or in cafe the date of the commencement of the faid leafp {hall go beyond fifteen years from the parting of this a<5, then to an average of any three fucceflive years within the faid period of fifteen years; and provided the faid parochial and other rates and afleffmentt are '	payableby	the occupier for the time being;

And the value of all tythes as the fame would be worth to be let when taken in kind, or the fums paid or payable for the fame, or agreed to be paid in fatisfa&ion for the fame, within or for the lad preceding or the current year.

If fuch aggregate amount be under three huhdred pounds a year, then the income (hall be taken at one half of fuch amount; and if at three hundred pounds a year, or upwards,tl)enat three-fifths of inch amount.

Income arifing from land occupied by the owner to be taken at the aggregate amount of rent of like lands in the neighbourhood, and a proportion of whatwould be computed to be the income of the tenant at rack rent.

Occupiers of land thinking themfelves aggrieved by fuch afTtlf-ments may appeal, as allowed by the income adts, and if it be proved that the fum fo ertimated exceed* the clear income, the commif-fioners may amend the afTcffment, fo

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe of lands occupied by the owner, the income arirtng therefrom fhall be taken at the aggregate amount of the rent at which the fame arc worth to be let by the year, according to the ordinary rent of lands of the like quality, and under the like circumftances, in the fame neighbourhood, and a certain proportion of what would be computed to be the income of the tenant at rack rent, as above mentioned; that is to fay, If fuch aggregate amount be under three hundred pounds a year, then the income fhall be taken at fuch rent and two-fifths of fuch amount, and if.at three hundred pounds a year or upwards, then at fqch rent and one*half of fuch amount; except always where the lands (hall have come into the occupation of the owner within eighteen months part, on the expiration of a leafe or the death or failure of a tenant, in which cafe the fame (hall be valued at one year's rent only of lands of the like quality as aforefaid.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it. further cna&cd, That if by purfuing the rules before-mentioned, any occupier of land fhall think himfelf aggrieved by the afTcffment to be made thereupon, i* fhall be lawful for fuch occupier of land to appeal from fuch afTeflment, at fuch time and in fuch manner as appeals may be made under the faid adts; and if upon the hearing of fuch appeal, it fhall be proved to the fatisfadlion of the commiffioners, that the fum fo tftimated as the income arifing from fuch lands by virtue of fuch rule, doth exceed the amount of the clear income adlpally received by fuch occupier from fuch lands, on the average of three years preceding (if fuch perfon fhall have occupied fuch lands during three years] or oh the average of the period for which he fhall have occupied the fame (iflefsthan three years) it fhall be lawful for fuch commiflioners, and they are hereby required, to amend fuch afTeflment in fuch manner as

according





1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 49.	597

according to all circumftances proved to them, fhall appear juft that no occti-and reafonable to be charged in refpeft of fuch a&ual income, chTr^ed w^ith computed on the average and in manner aforefaid; fo that in no more than a fuch cafe the occupier fhall be charged with more than one tenth of the

tenth part of his adtual profits from the land fo occupied by adhial profits

J from the land.

XIX.	And be it further enabled, That the feveral provifions Provifions

of the faid recited a&s, or any of them, which exempt from the which exempt duties thereby granted perfons being in Great Britain for fome ^^enfs^not temporary purpofe only, and not with any view or intent of to extend to eftablifhing their refidcnce therein, fhall not be extended, in any perfons who cafe, from and after the pafling of this a£t, to any perfon who have conti-(hall have continually refided in Great Britain for the fpace of JJx monTlis Cd fix calendar months prior to the time required for the delivery of prior to the his or her ftatement of income; but every perfon who fhall have time for de-continually fo refided during the period before-mentioned, (hall hvery of fiat e-be chargeable to the faid duties on income in the manner directed ^nbecharRe-by the faid recited afts, as a perfon actually refiding in Great able to the Britain, whether fuch perfon (hall be a fubject of his Majefty or duties, not; any thing in the faid ads to the contrary notwithftanding : Temporary and every perfon who (hall be adjudged, by reafon of temporary refidents refidence in Great Britain, to be chargeable to the duties granted ^r^^et0 by an a& pafled in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his pre- granted^by fent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting to his Majefy an aid 38 Geo. 3. and contribution for the profecution of the war, (hall be charged c. 16. to be thereto in the manner herein-after directed.	charged there-

XX.	And be it further ena&ed, That in every cafe where the after direded. faid refpedive commiflioners fhall adjudge any perfon to be where the chargeable to the duties granted by the faid laft mentioned a£t, commifiioners as a perfon refiding in this kingdom for a temporary purpofe (hall adjudge only, it (hall be lawful for them, in their refpe&ive divilions or

diftri&s, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby re- to°th elutes quired, to iffue their precept or precepts to the refpe&ive afteffors, under the aid or one of them, of the duties on houfes, windows, and lights, and contribu-and other the duties under the management of the commifiioners for the affairs of taxes, granted by two afts paffed in the thirty- cepts'to^lie*" eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, the one thereof aflefforsofthe intituled, An aft for repealing the duties on houfes, windows, and duties granted lights, on inhabited houfes, and on clocks and watches; and for G<:0* granting to his Majefy other duties on houfes, windows, and lights, £0 caufe are * and on inhabited houfes, in lieu thereof 5 and tire other thereof turn to be intituled. An aft for repealing the dunes upon ?nale Jervants, car- made of the riages, horfes, mules, and dogs; and for granting to his Majefy particulars other duties in lieu thereof \ and acting for the parhh or place dutieTfo^ where the perfon or perfons intended to be charged fhall refide which fuch or be, or for any other parifh or place where fuch perfon or pei fon (hall perfons fhall have returned to pay the duties or any of them charged charged by virtue of the faid ads, requiring fuch affdfors, or theT^af^iT-one or more of them refpedively, to caufe a return to be made, ment under on a day and at a place to be fixed in every fuch precept, of the the laid ads,

004.	particulars	or**'J0

^	ment has been

Digitizec

59§

made for the current or preceding year, or he fhall not have been charged to the full amount, then to caufe a return to be made of the hou&and window duties, and of the greateft number of male fervants, &c. kept by him.

The a(Te flora to whom precepts (hall be delivered,(hall caufe previous aflcflTnients to be computed upon the parties, in proportion to the duties granted by the faid two ads of 38 Geo. 3. in refped of dwelling houfes then occupied by them, and of the greatelt number of male fervants, &c. kept by them, which Ihall be the bafis of an aflefiment to be made by the commif-fioners under the income ads, according to the aid and contribution ad, but no aflVflment8 to the duties granted by the laid ads of 38 Geo. 3. made for the purpofe of this ad, (hall

Anno regni quadragelimo Grorgii III. c. 49. [1800.

particulars and amount of the duties for and to which fuch perfon or perfons (ball (land charged by virtue of the laft afleffment or afleflments made upon fuch perfon or perfons by virtue of the faid laft mentioned ads within their refpedive parities and places, in cafe any fuch afTeflinent or afleflinents (hall have been jnade; alnd if no fuch afTeflinent (hall have been made upon fuch perfon or perfons for the current or preceding year, or if he, (he, or they fhall not have been charged to the full amount that is or might be chargeable by virtue of the faid ads laft mentioned, according to fuch return as is direded to be made by this aft, then fuch afleflors, or one of them, Ihall caufe a return to be made of the houfe and window duties, and of the greateft number of male fervants, carriages, horfes, and dogs retained, kept, or ufed by fuch perfon or perfons as aforefaid, at any time during the period herein-after mentioned, or which he, (he, or tliey (hall then retain, keep, or ufe refpedively.

XXI.	And be it further enaded. That in every cafe where any fuch enquiry as aforefaid fhall have been direded, it fhall be lawful for the refpedive afleflors to whom fuch precepts fhall be delivered, and they are hereby required, according to the directions therein contained, to caufe a previous aflefiment or aflefT-ments to be computed upon the perfon or perfons mentioned in fuch precepts refpedively, in proportion to the duties granted by the faid two ads palled in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, in refped of all and every dwelling houfes or houfe which, or any part whereof, fhall be then occupied by fuch perfon or perfons, and whether any other perfon or perfons (hall have been charged for the fame or not, and alfo in refped of the greateft number of male fervants, carriages, horfes, and dogs retained, kept, or ufed by him, her, or them, at any time within the period for which the before-mentioned return is hereby direded to be made, according to the refpedive defeription, and at the refpedive rates contained in the faid laft mentioned ads; which aflefiment or afleflinents fo computed, being confirmed as herein-after ifc direded, and returned to the faid refpedive commif-fioners appointed under the faid ads for granting duties on income, fhall be the bafis of an aflefiment to be made by the laid commiflioners upon fuch perfon or perfons to the faid duties on income, according to the faid ad for granting an aid and contribution to the war as aforefaid : provided always, That no aflefiment to the duties granted by the faid ads of the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign refpedively or either of them, made for the purpofes of this ad, fhall be deemed a charge upon any perfon or perfons to the duties granted by the faid ads, any farther than fuch’ perfon would be liable to if this ad had not been made : provided alfo, That in cafes where a fuflicient aflefiment fhall have already been made upon fuch perfon or perfons to the faid laft-mentioned duties, as required by this ad, it (hall be lawful for fuch afleflors to caufe a copy of fuch afTeflinent to be returned to the faid refpedive commiflioners

 v^ooQle

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgu III. c. 49	599

for the purpofes of this ad, inftead of making an afleflment as he deemed a

herein-before is directed.	t0	tlic

laid duties

farther than the perfon would be liable if this aft had not been made. Where a fufficient afleflinent has already been made, the afleflors (hall return a copy to the commiflioners inftead of making an afTefTment.

XXII. And be it further enacted. That every afTefTment of the Afltflinent* fums computed under the authority of this ad, fhall be returned by the afleflors making the fame to the proper commiflioners of turned tefthe the divifion for the duties granted by the faid laft mentioned ads, commiflioners for their confirmation, fuch afleflors giving notice thereof to the of the divifion party or parties; which afTefTment fhall be fubjed to appeal, ^ntedli^the within ten days after fuch notice, in the manner direded by the (^mention* faid ads; ana which appeal fhall be determined by fuch com- ed afts, the miflioners as foon as conveniently can be done, on ten days afleflorsgiving general notice to be given by them in the manner directed or theTc®t ufed in other cafes of aflefled taxes j and every fuch afTefTment fo ^^^ent* confirmed or determined, fhall be tranfmitted to the commiflion- fubjeft to ap^ ers for carrying into execution the faid ads for granting duties peal, which on income, to be by them ufed and applied in the execution fhall b* deters thereof,»» herein i, direSeJ.	S^of

afTefled taxes, (hall be tranfmitted to the commiflioners for executing the income afts.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That, if If any perfon any perfon, whofe ordinary refidence fhall have been out of nary^efi^nce Great Britain, fhall, during the continuance of any charge made isoutof Great upon him or her, under the faid firft-recited ads or this ad, by Britain, (hall, reafon of temporary refidertee therein, depart from Great Britain during the and go into any parts beyond the Teas, fuch charge (hall continue until the end of the current year, unlefs notice of the time of made upon fuch departure be delivered to the clerk of the commiflioners by him on ac-whom fuch charge was made, and a receipt or receipts be pro- count of tem-duced to fuch clerk, of the payment or fatisfadion of all fums rc“~ which had accrued or might accrue upon fuch charge prior to beyond^he the time of fuch departure; in which cafe it (hall be lawful for feas, the the faid commiflioners to vacate fuch charge from and after the charge (hall period of the adual departure of fuch perfon from Great Britain, the end^of^he whenever the fame (hall be certified to the faid commiflioners by currcnt year, the colledor of the cuftoms, or his deputy, or by any officer of unlefs notice the cuftoms authorised by fuch colledor or deputy, at the port of of departure departure of fuch perfon; which certificate every fuch colledor or deputy (hall give or caufe to be given whenever required fo to 0f the com-do by fuch perfon for the purpofes aforefaid: provided that no miflioners,and perfon, being a fubjed of his Majefty, (hall be entitled to vacate a receipt pro-fuch charge in refped of income arifing in Great Britain, by f^^a£crued occafion of his or her departure from Great Britain within the prjor thereto, year for which fuch charge was made: provided alfo. That in m which c^c* default of a certificate upon fuch departure, the faid duties may the charge be levied for the whole of the current year as any debt to his Majefty upon record may be levied by.law.	tificate from"

the officer of the cuftoms at the port of departure; but no fubjeft of his Majefty (hail be entitled to vacate fuch charge in relpeft of income arifing in Great Britain within the year. In default of certificate, the duties may bp levied as a debt upon record to his Majefty.

 XXIVglProvided

600 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 49. [1B00.

Ko lodger XXIV. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted, That nothing chargeable in herein contained (hall be conftrued to extend to charge any afieffments l°dger in refpeft of the amount of any affelTment computed upon upon the dn- the duties on houles, windows, or lights, for any greater pro* ties onhoufes, portion of the houfe than what (hall be in his or her aftual oc-Scc. in any cupation : and that in every fuch cafe the part a£hially occupied portion than by forger be conlidered, for the purpofes of this aft, as for the part in a fe pa rate and diftindl dwelling houfe. his occupation, which fliall be eonfidered as a fepr»rate dwelling houfe.

Where the commiflioners Shall alll'fs any perfon at a greater amount than the fum delivered in, or ihall dilcover that any increafe ought to be made to any aflVfi-ment, they may charge for fuch increafe a proportion not exceeding double the amount of the increafe, unlefs it be

XXV. And be it further enabled, That in every cafe where the commercial commifTioners, or commiflioners aftingforany divifion, dial) aflefs any perfon or perfons at any greater amount than the fum delivered in, in the ftatement of luch pcrlon or perfons; or where the faid commiflioners (hall at any time within the fpace of twelve calendar months after fuch aueflinent (hall have been made, difeover that any increafe ought to be made to fuch afleflinenr, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or any two or more of them, to charge fuch perfpn or perfons for every fuch increafe beyond the fums delivered in in fuch ftatement, or the fum contained in fuch afleflment, as the. cafe may i require, with a proportion not exceeding double the amount by which the duties with which fuch perfon would otherwise have been chargeable under or by virtue of the faid afts or this aft, fhall have been fo encreafed ; unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall make it appear, that the omilSon complained of did not proceed from any fraud, covin, art, or contrivance whatever, or any grofs or wilful ncgledh

made appear that the omifiion did not proceed from fraud, &c.

Upon enquiry XXVI. And be it further enacted. That it (hall be lawful

into the for tfte commiflioners acting in and for each divifion, upon any amount of	.	?	c	» j a ;

any income, enquiry into the amount ot any income, or of any deduction to

or of any de- be made from any income, to fummon all high conftables, church-

duftiontobe wardens, and overfeers of the poor, and all clerks to com&iif*

froin the^* fl0ners of land tax and fupply and aflefled taxes, and all colleftors,

commiflioners fopervifors, and other officers of excife, or any of them refpec-

may fummon tively, within the divifion of the faid refpeftive commiflioners,

high conlta- and alfo all infpeefors and furveyors, afleflors and colleftors of

bles, church- aflefled taxes adiing for fuch divifion or any part thereof, whom

WAmf	■' O	/	*	'

overfeers	t^le ^1^ commiflioners (hall judge able to give evidence of the

clerks to	amount of income or reputed income then under enquiry, or of

commiflioners the amount of deductions to be made thereout; ind all perfons &lanbtfh',n fummoned (hall attend the meeting or meetings of the faid bringwhh*1 commiflioners mentioned in fuch fummons, and bring with them them all fuch before the faid commiflioners, for their infpeftion, all fuch paro-documents as chial and other publick rates and affeflments, and all books, may be re- documents, and papers relating thereto, and all other publick ^uirc * books, documents, and- papers, as to fuch commiflioners refpec-tively may feem neceflary, and which they (hall require; and it (ball alfo be lawful for fuch commiflioners to examine upon oath, or folemn affirmation', as the cafe may require, all fuch high

conftables,

I

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Geqrgii III. c. 49. ,	601

conftables, churchwardens, and overfcers of the poor, and clerks The commiC to commiffioners, and all fuch collectors, fupervifors, and officers ^xamine^h of cxcife, and infpcdors and furveyors, aiTeflbrs and collectors of conftables,>0 taxes as aforefaid, touching any matter within rhe jurildidion of &c. on oath, the faid commiffioners in the execution of the faid acts or this act, and touching any matter contained in fuch rates or afTelf-tnents, or fuch books, documents, and papers, as may in any P^rfons fum-way relate thereto, or that may better enable fuch commiffioners toafeertain the annual amount of any income, or which ought p^r or to to be afeertained or charged to the faid duties, or to the amount bring the do-of any deduction to be made from fuch income ; and every per- cumtnts re-fon fo fummoned as aforefaid, who (hall negled to appear before	™to

any fuch comrhiffioners, Or to bring or produce any fuch rates or afleflments, or any book, document, or paper required by any forfeit not ex-fuch commiffioners as aforefaid, or to aniwer to any fuch com- ccedin* 20L miffioners any queftion, on oath or affirmation, touching any matter relating to the execution of the faid acts or this act, fnall, or y for every fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding the fum of demand a twenty pounds ; and it fhall be lawful for any inipedor or lur- cepy gratis, veyor to infped at all feaionable hours, or demand a copy gratis of any fuch rate or affeffment, or any book, document, or paper coqimiifiunets relating to any fuch rate or afleffment, or any other publick may think book, document, or paper, as the refpedive commiffioners in neceffiiry to their refpedive divificns, or any two or more of them refpediveJy may think needfary to further the enquiry of fuch commiffioners, them!or of or of fuch infpedor or furveyor, in any manner relating to the the infpeefors execution of the faid ads or this ad, and w^ich (hall be in the or furveyors, hands of any luch officer or perfon aforefaid,1 whenever the fin'd commiffioners, or any two or more of them, (hall authorife any commidlon-fuch infpedor or furveyor fo to do, by writing under their hands era. and feals; and if any fuch officer or perfon aforefaid (hall wil- Perfons neg-fully negled, or refufe to permit fuch infped ion, or to grant fuch letting to copy of any fuch rate or afleffmenr, or any book, document, or permit fuch paper, required by fuch infpedor or furveyor, under the audio- j" ^inTfuch rity of this ad, every fuch officer or perfon (hall forfeit and pay COpy, to for-the fum of twenty pounds.	it it aol.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after where it fhall

the paffing of this ad, whenever it {hall appear to any of the faid appear to the

refpedive commiffioners for the purpofes of the faid ads, or to commiffioners

any commercial commiffioners, that any ftatement or ftatements n^n^hisbeen

hath or have been delivered to them, or to any affieflor or afte/Tors, delivered to

contrary to the directions of the faid ads or this ad, or by miffake, them, or any

and contrary to the intent of the party, and fuch commiffioners aflvflbr, co“-

(hall be of opinion that the income declared in fuch ftatement [ncoimeadt,

ought to be afeertained by other commiffioners, or whenever it or by miftake,

fhall appear to any commercial commiffioners, that any perfon and they (hall

delivering a ftatement to them, is not entitled to be a/fefled by he of opinion

them, then and in every fuch cafe it /hall be lawful for fuch after-*

refpedive cpm miffioners, and they are hereby refpedively re- tainedbyother

quired forthwith to tranfnrrit fuch ftatement or ftatements to the commiffion-

commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, to be by them forthwith pr*» whe11

fent (hall appear

 (5* © W COfltt-

602	Aflno	regni	quadragefimo	Georgii	III.	c.	49.	[1800.

mercial com- fent to the commiffioners to whom fuch ftatement ot ftatement* miflSonersthat 0Ught> in the opinion of the commiffioners tranfmitting the fame* livenng°a * t0 have been delivered; and thefaid refpe&ive commiffioners to ftatement to whom fuch ftatements were firft delivered, (hail caufe notice them is not thereof to be given to or left at the ufual place of abode of the atTcffed b° ** Per^on or Per^>ns who flwll have delivered fuch ftatement or them^ they ftatements, if the fame fhall be known; and if the fame lhall not ill all tranfmit be known by fuch commiffioners, then for the faid commiffioners the fame to the Gf taxes to caufe notice thereof to be given, in fuch manner as orderto^ein ^ey convenlendy can> either by delivery of notice to the party, fentCto°thelng or by leaving the fame at his or her laft or ufual place of abode, proper com- or by publick advertifement in one or mord of the London newt* miflioners,and papers or gazette; and it fhall be lawful for the refpe&ive com-m‘^Ioners to w^om any dement or ftatements lhall be trvtbe parties; tranfmitted by the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes as afore-and the com-' faid, and they are hereby required, within a reafonable time miffioners to after the receipt thereof, to proceed to make an afleffment, upon ftatements* ^ie Per^on or Perf°ns mentioned in fuch ftatement, in like manner IhahlbeVanf- *n eyery refpe& as if fuch ftatement or ftatements had been firft mitted from delivered to them, or to the affeffor or affeffors within the divi-the tax office fion of fuch commiffioners., lhall, within

a reafonable time, make an afieflment upon the perfons mentioned in the ftatements, is If they had been firft delivered to them or to the afleflofs of the divifion.

foil fci , h ofjj

|nl

"in1

ill

Hi3

IjI!

trt

Ijii

tej

k;

k

The commif- XXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That in eveiy inftance put queftfons *n wbich commiffioners are authorifed by the faid ads, or in writing any of them, to out any* queftion to any perfon or perfons re-and demand lative to his, herj or their income, it fhall be lawful for fuch fignedanlwers commiffioners to put fuch queftion or queftions in writing, and come and** t0 demand an anfwer accordingly from fuch perfon or perfons, iffue precepts figned by him, her, or them, and from time to time to iffue their requiring precept or precepts, requiring true and particular anfwers to be them, and if given to fuch queftions; and if at the end of the time or times the nines m limited in Inch precept or precepts, no anfwer in writing (hall be limited may given to any fuch queftion fo put by the faid commiffioners, or (unlefsapplied an anfwer which fhall not be fatisfaciory to the faid commiffioners, to to proceed jt ftall be lawful for them, orany two or more of them, and they waminatiori) are hereby required, (unlefs theTaid commiffioners {ball be ap-make affelT- ’ plied to by the party to proceed to viva voce examination, in ments accord- which cafe they lhall fummon the party accordingly, and proceed ing to their to a viva voce examination, as dire&ed by the faid accord-< Jud8emcnt# ing to the beft of their judgement, to fettle and afeertainin what fums fuch perfon or perfons ought to be charged by the faid ads or this a&, and to make an afleffment accordingly.

If any perfon	XXIX. And be it further ena<fted. That if any perfon or per-

^ arth*r ^ons fr°m af,d a^ter Pa^ng of this he refident in ad nffide in any diftri# or divifion wherein fuch perfon or perfons (hall not a diftrift have been before charged to the faid*duties on income for thecurrent wherein he year, the affeffor or affeffors, collector or colle&ors, or any in-he*11 hef haVC fPc<^or or ftwvcyor, (hall give or leave notice in writing to or charged for f°r cvcry Perf°n f° reading within the limits for which fuch

affeflors,

:

' tl

1 \X|

tit

«3d

it

Ot

ft

35

It

tr

i

ii

1

5

i

\

1

t

I

t

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii HI. c. 49.	603

affeflors, colle&ors, infpe&ors, or furveyors refpedively a&, to the current make out and deliver, within fourteen days next enfuing the^1^1^ day of giving of fuch notice, a declaration in writing figned with jj^avcC* his or her proper name, which declaration (hall fpecify the name notice for him of the parifh or place, and county or counties, wherein fuch to deliver a perfon (hall have been affefTed Jto the faid duties on income for ^ed decla-that year; and alfo to produce the certificate of fuch afleffment, fyingnthePeCl” or in default thereof, to deliver a ftatement of his or her income, parifh and for the purpofe of being affeffed to the duties upon income; and county in if any fuch perfon (as aforefaid fhall negledt or refufe to make out and fign and deliver fuch declaration as aforefaid, within the IncUo time before-mentioned, or fhall make any falfe or untrue return produce the therein in any particular thereof, every fuch perfon fhall for every certificate of fuch offence forfeit and pay a fum not exceeding the fum of	t°r

twenty pounds ; and when, in any fuch cafe, it fhall not appear Oliver a ftate-that any fuch perfon or persons fhall have been affeffed to the faid mentofhis duties upon income in any other parifh or place, then, and in income, and fuch kcale, it (hair be lawful for the refpe&ive commiffioners for default of a&ing for the faid diftrift, and they are hereby required, to pro- ^declara-ceed to affefs fuch perfon to the faid duties on income, in like tion, or if he manner in every refpeft as if fuch perfon had been refident in flidlmakeany fuch diftriit at the time of the publication of notices as direfted by the faid a£s; and if any perfon or perfons afTeffed to the faid ^I; and 61 duties on income, fhall remove out of the parifh or place where when it fhall he, fhe, or they fhall have been afleffed to the faid duties, without appear that firft paying or difeharging all the faid duties upon income charged j"uch perf011 upon him, her, or them, which fhall then be due and payable, affefr^d iifany or without leaving in fuch parifh or place, fufficient goods and other place, chattels whereon the faid duties in arrear may be raifed and levied, the coromif-and the fame fhall remain in arrear and unpaid for the fpace of fi®ners (haH twenty days after the time appointed by the faid a&$ for payment jfhehaTbeen thereof, every fuch perfon (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and relident at the pay (over and above the faid duties fo left unpaid as aforefaid) timeofpub-the fum of twenty pounds; and alfo in every fuch cafe it fhall be hcation of lawful for the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, to certify notICC8# to the commiffioners of the diftri& within which fuch perfon or If any perfon perfons fhall then refide, the whole amount of the afleffment made upon fuch perfon or perfons, together with the amount of the duties what maybe in arrear and due thereon ; and fuch laft-mentioned or 1 leaving commiffioners fhall thereupon iffue a warrant of diftrefs for the fufficient ef-recovery of the whole of the duty that fhall then be in arrear, fame fhall together with the whole amount of the remainder of the faid main in arrear afleffment for the vear for which fuch afleffment (hall have been for 20 days ijnade as aforefaid; and if goods or chattels pannot be found after theap-whereon fuch diftrefs can be fully made, then and in every fuch cafe the whole of fuch arrear of duty, and remainder of afleffment aforefaid, or fuch part thereof as cannot be fo levied and collected *olv and on by diftrefs as aforefaid, fhall be recoverable as a debt upon record certificate tohisMajefty, his heirs and fucceffors.	,	.

taxes the commiffioners of the diltrift may fffue a warrant of diftrefe for the arrears, together with the remainder of the afleffment for the year, and if fufficient diftrefs cannot Be found, the money unfortified ftiaill be recoverable as a debt upon record to his Majefty.

n r HhCo(MX‘ And

 VJUUVT

604	Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii 111. c. 49. [1800,

Commiffion-	XXX. And be it further enacted, That notwithftanding any

for hearing appeal, for part of a county or riding, or of the three divifions of Lincoln (hire, may aft within any part of fuch county, riding, or divi-fion, and ar-

flr hHT*miecl Pcr^ons may have been appointed to be commiftioners for hearing and determining appeals for part of a county or riding, or of the three divifions of the county of Lincoln, it (hall be lawful for fuch perfons, by virtue of fuch appointment, to aft as fuch commif. fioners in the hearing and determining appeals arifing within any part of fuch county or riding, or of the divifions in thefaid county of Lincoln, and to feleft and arrange amongft themfelves for what part of fuch county, riding, or divifion, they will fo aft, giving due notice thereof to the coinmiffioners for the affairs of taxes; provided always, that no fuch perfon (hall aft as a commifiioner of appeal^, and alio as a commifiioner for the purpofes of thefaid afts, within the fame part of fuch county, riding, or divifion as rangeamonRft laft aforeGid. themlelves for

what part they will aft, giving notice to the tax office ; but no fuch perfon fball aft as a commifiioner of appeals, and as a commifiioner for the purpofes of the income .afts within the fame part.

Qualification XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That, ot commif- from and after the patting of this aft, any perfon fhall be capable fiontrs for Gf afting as a commifiioner for the purpofes of the faid afts, or as fneome afts C a c<>tnmiffioner for hearing and determining appeals, within or or of commit for any of the counties at large within the dominion of Woles', fioners of ap- or in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, who diall be peal for coun- pofleiled of a perfonal eftate of the like value, or be feifedor i^Walcsor poffe/Ted of an eftate in lands,, tenements, or hereditaments, of Scotland, a the like nature and of two-fifths of the value, as is required as perfonal eftate the qualification of a commifiioner for the purpofes of the faid of the like afts, or 0f a commifiioner for hearing and determining appeals reaUftate^of relpeftively, within and for any other county at large in Greet the like nature Britain, without being fubjeft to the penalties in the faid afts and two fifths contained for afting without the qualification therein required in of the value fUch cafes . any thing in any aft or afts to the contrary thereof "5E,r no,wilhftancHng. for counties at large in GreatBritain.

If the direc-	XXXII. And be it further enafted, That in cafe theprovifions

tions for ap- or directions of the faid afts for nominating and appointing commiifoners commiflfioners for the purpofes of the faid afts, or commilfion-for executing ors for hearing appeals, or any of them, {hall have been or (hail be found, reputed, or deemed inapplicable to any liberty, town, or place in England, or to any ftewartry, fheriffdom, or place, or any part thereof in Scotland, by occafion whereof or for any other caufe fuch commifiioriers Ihall not have been appointed, of having been appointed (hall have declined to aft as fuch commiffioners refpeftively, in fuch liberty, town, or place in England, or in fuch ftewartrv, borough, or place in Scotland, it (hall be lawful

the income afts, or for hearing appeals, (hall be found inapplicable to any liberty, &c. in England, or any

ftewartry, &c. for the fheriff of fuch liberty, town, or place in England, for the in Scotland, time being, or in cafe there be no fherifl^ for the mayor, bailiff, and commif- coroner, or chief magiftratc of fuch, liberty, town or place in noThave been ^H^nd for the time being, and f6r the fheriff or fheriff depute appointed, or of fuch ftewartry, (herifFdom, or place m Scotland fac the time (hall hare being, and fuch officers refpeftively are hereby required, from

time

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 49.	605

time to'time as often as there (hall be occafion, to fummon the declined to

perfons named in the commifilon of the peace, having authority artjthefheriff,

toaft asjuftices or conlervators of the peace within or for fuel) nio^the *

liberty, town* or place in England, or fuch llewartry, (hcriftdom, fon^riamed^n

or phee in Scotland; and fuch juftices or confervators of the the e mmif- 1

peace fo fummoned refpe<51ively as aforefaid, (hall, if in England, h°n tile

fde& a fuffi.ient number of perfons qualified as required by the

faid arfits in the cafes of towns in England, not being counties of fuificient

themfelvcs, and if in Scotland, fhall leledt the like number of per- number of

Tons qualified as required by the faid acls in the cafes of ftewar- perfons to be

tries in Scotland, to be commifiloners for the purpofes of the laid

acls, for fuch liberty, town, or place in England, or fuch ftewartry, jjftg 0f quaii-

(heriffJom, or place in Scotland; and alfo a fufficient number of tied pettoru

perfons, qualified as required by the faid a£ts, in the cafes of laid before

counties in England, and (hires and ftewartries in Scotland re-

fpeftively, to be commifiloners for hearing and determining ap- qUjmjto "

peals therein refpcrSlively; which perfons (hall be fo felecled hoin iumrr.on fuch

the lifts of perfons fo qualified, which fhall he prepared and laid perfons, and

before them at fuch meeting by the refpeclive officers hereby *he com™*-

o /	*	/	fionc-i s .or

required to fummon fuch perfons, (and which lifts every fuch taxes Ul

officer is hereby required to prepare and make out and lay before laud, and

fuch perfons at fuch meeting), with power for the commifiloners barons of

for the affairs of taxes in England, and the barons of the exchc-

quer in Scotland, at the requeft of any perfon fo qualified, 10 the requeft of

require his and their name and names to be inferred therein, ar.d any qualified

alfo for fuch perfons to felecl a fufficient number of perfons alio perion, may

fo qualified to fupply vacancies arifing therein from time to time;

and if the perfons prefent at the faid meeting or meetings (hull in^fe^thcre-

not find in any fuch lifts fufficient numbers of perfons qualified to in, and if a

be commiftioncrs, they (hall felcdl fuch number of perfons fo fufficient

qualified from any adjoining county in England, or (hire or (lew- number be

arty in Scotland; and the names of fuch perfons ftiall be returned th^y^ihall

to the comtniflloners for the affairs of taxes, and fuch perfons (deft them

who (hall be fo felecled (hall be commiftioncrs rcfpetftively for from any ad-

the purpofes of the faid aefts, and for hearing and determiningj0,»'nbr county

appeals, in the order in which their names (hall be returned^ as

aforefaid.	oi the perfons

fhall be returned to the commiffioners for the affairs of taxes.

XXXIII. And be it further enabled. That w henever it (hall When tire in-happen that the adls relating to the faid duties upon income can- come ads not be executed in any year previous to the time appointed fur ^"fprevkms the payment of the firft or any fubfequent inftalmein of the faid to the time duties, it (hall be lawful for the commiftiuners who (hall have of paying any made any afllllinent after the period appointed for any fuch pay- instalment the ment, (which they are hereby declared to be competent to do dl°have whenever the fame (hall be neceffary), to fettle and adjuft atraacjcajiy what time and in what proportions the inftalment or inftalments, nfteftiuent of which the time or times for-payment (hall then have elapfed, after the pe-(hall be paid, in fuch manner as to them (hall appear juft and reafonablc; regard being had to the amount of fuch aflcllment, mlnt/mzy*

and fettle at what





6o6

income chargeable to duties, may appoint proper perfons with falaries, with the approbation of the treafury, to make out

or the commercial com-miflioners, ftatements of fuch income. The treafury

the duties on income. Perfons fo ap. pointed (hall make out ftatements as

a(Ve Aments, and tranfmit them to the refpe&ive courts, that dire&ions

Anno rcgni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 49. [1800.

rime, and in and the number of days appointed for the payment of inftalments what propor- t|,en t0 co:ne jn fuch year, tions the in-	J

ftalment8 (hall be paid.

Every court XXXIV, And be it further enaded, That it lhall be lawful * having con- for every court of equity, or other court having the dire&ionand lnrni?^Cr any controul over any income chargeable to the faid duties on income, mm™* whether fuch income (hall be under the controul and direflion of any fuch court by reafon of any fuit depending therein inre-fped of fuch income, or of any property from*which any fuch income (hall arife, or whether the fame (hall belong to any infant, lunatick, or other perfonor perfons, to appoint fome proper per-fon or perfons, with fuch afliftants, as may by any fuch court be deemed neceflary, and with fuch refpedive falaries or rewards as to fuch refpedive courts (hall, with the confcnt and approbation thecomr^f-° the commifiioners of the treafury, feem reafonable and fit; fioners for and which falaries and rewards fuch commifiioners of the treafury, executing the or any three or more of them for the time being, are hereby au-income afts, thorifed from time to time to dired the cafhier or cafhiers of the bank of England, or any receiver general, as may be moft convenient to advance and pay out of the duties granted on income, received or receivable by them refpedively, and for payment of which the order of fuch commifTioners of the treafury as afore-rde th ^ be a ^u®c*ent voucher and difeharge, to make out and Slanes tobe C deliver to the refpedive commifiioners for the purpofes of the paid out jof	faid ads and this ad, or to the commercial commifiioners, as the

cafe may require, ading for the refpedive diftrids within which fuch courts (hall refpedively fit, ftatements of all fuch income as aforefaid; and the perfons fo refpedively appointed as aforefaid (hall, as foon after they (hall be fo appointed as the fame can conveniently be done, make out fuch ftatements, and from time foon as can be t0 time^ in making out the fame, take the diredion of the court, doneC and de- un(^cr the diredion and controul whereof any fuch income (hall liver them to be, and deliver the fame to fuch refpedive commifiioners as afore-the commit- faid ; and the refpedive commifiioners to whom any fuch ftate-fioners, who^ ment fhall be delivered, (hall thereupon proceed to affefs all fuch afoffments* C income as aforefaid, and (hall, as foon after fuch affeffment (hall have been made as aforefaid as the fame can be done, Caufe the fame to bq tranfmitted to the refpedive courts having the direction and controul of fuch income as aforefaid, in order that fuch courts refpedively may give fuch diredions therein as may roay begiven be neceflary for the payment of fuch afleffments. for payment. XXXV. And be it further enaded, That fo much and fuch Such parts of parts of the faid ads as require certain forms of notices for and the faid ads returns of income to be delivered by affeffors, (hall be and the cer^nforms ^ame are hereby repealed ; and that, from and after the palling of of notices for this ad, fuch forms for notices and returns (hall be delivered and returns from time to time as (hall be requifite, and fo as to be conform-of income to able to the provifions of the faid ads and this ad, and the true SorTre y ^tent and meaning thereof, pealed, which (hall be delivered from time to time as (hall be requifite.

All things XXXVI. And be it further enaded, That all matters and relating to	things

It c

3np

&

tUr

font!

<0'



•C

ill

1

ft

'  VjOOQle

iSoo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 49.	607

things in this aft contained, relating to any perfon or perfons perfons liable liable to be aflfcfled to the faid duties upon income, (hall be appli *d to, and the fame are hereby declared to extend to all bodies, cor-	&c-

"•porations, companies, fraternities, and focieties whatever, as far ’ as any fuch matters and things can be or are applicable to any bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or focieties, in like manner in evefy refpeft aS if fuch matters had been exprefsly extended to fuch bodies, corporations, companies, fraternities, or focieties;

XXXVII.	And be it further enafted, That whenever any Perfons afieff-perfon or perfons (h3ll have been or (hall be aflefled, in one di- ^v-^0^npen(t vifiort or place, to the duties on his, her, or their income, and m ano„ (hall have been, or (hall be again aflefled in* another divifion or ther n:ayap-place for the fame income, or any part thereof, it fhal! be lawful ply to the for fuch perfon or perfons to apply to the commiflioners acting , for the feveral parifhes or places in which fuch perfon or perfons	ph^s

(ball have been fo aflefled as afo'refaid, for the purpofe of being for relief, and relieved from fuch double afleffm’ent; and the commiffiopers the committing for the divifion or place within which fuch perfon or per- fJ?ner8 ^°.r the fons mall have been firft aflefled to the faid duties, (hall upon fuch fhe^firft af-”*

“ application give,'or caufe to be given, a certificate under the foment (halt hands of any two of fuch commiflioners of the amount of the af- certify the feflTment there made, with the particulars of the income there	*

aflefled; which certificate (hall be given gratis; upon the produc- th£r*

5 tion of which certificate to the commiflioners of any other divi- Upon produc-v Con or place within which fuch perfon or perfons (hall have been tion of which affefled in refpeft of the fame income, or any part thereof, fuch to titecom-** commiflioners (haH, upon being fatisfied that fuch perfon or per-	°

forts has or have been fo doubly afleffed as aforefaid, caufe the piace they afleffment made in fuch divifion or place to be vacated, fo as that (lull caufe the fuch perfon or pdrfons may not remain charged by more than’one afTeflment afleffment for the fame income.

y XXVIII. And whereas doubts have arifen iti what manner the heme arifing from houfts kept by the owners for the phrpofe of being owncr kt out wholly or in part in lodgings, ought to be tharged under the faid Qf recited afts \ be it declared and further enabled. That rhe Owner houks* of any fuch houfe (hall be chargeable for fuch houfc, or fuch part chargeable for thereof only which (hall be a&uajiy occupied by him or her, for the P:trts they his or her own houfe j and that for fuch houfe, or fuch part for the1profits thereof which (hall be let out in lodgings, or kept for that pur- arifing from pofe, the owner thereof (hall be chargeable in refpeft of the in- the parts let come arifing from the profits made thereby,	out*

XXXIX. And whereas doubts hate arifen whether perfont having Perfons holder holding any perpetual curacyfhould be charged to the faid duties upon perpetual income, in refpeft of attyjiipend paid to a curate; be it therefore tobe charged enafted, That no perfon having; or holding any perpetual curacy jn refpe&of (hall be charged in refpeft of any ftipend which he (hail pay to ftipendspdd any curate or curates for doing the duty, or any part of the duty fordoing the bf fuch perpetual4 curacy.

XL. And be it furthef eha&ed, That it (Hall be lawful for tfhe 'The commif-tommiflioners siting in the execution of any aft of afts /elating Vot.XLII.	R*

 V-jOCTV rv



>;/

is*v,

W

K

608	Anno	regni	quadragefimo	Georoii	III.	c.	p.	[1800;

may determine offences, fubjclting to pecuniary penalties as ;uf-tices of the pence might, and the penal* ty (hall be added to the affeffmc nt, and collided therewith.

to duties upon income, to hear and determine any offence againft the fame, which fubjedis the offender to any pecuniary penalty, in like manner in every refpedt, and by all fuch powers and authorities, ways and means, as any juftice of the peace might have exercifed and ufed in purfuance or by virtue of the faid ads, or any of them ; and every fuch penalty that £hall be adjudged by fuch commiflioners in purfuance of any fuch act or aftsor this adt, againft any perfon who {hall have been or (hall be liable to be affelfed to the duties granted by the faid adls, in refpe&of his or her income, (hall be added by fuch comtoiflioners to the affeffment of the perfon who (hall have forfeited the fame, if fuch penalty {hall be forfeited within the diftridl within which the final affeffment upon fuch perfon {hall have been of is to be made in purfuance of this adt; or if fuch penalty {hall be forfeited in any other diftridt, then and in every fuch cafe, the commiflioners by whom fuch penalty (hall be adjudged, {hall certify the conviction thereof to the commiffioners of the diftridt by whom the final affeffment upon fuch perfon fhall have been or is to be made, and fuch comrfciffioners (hall forthwith add the fame to the final

affeffment upon fuch perfon, and fuch penalty (hall be levied and collected therewith and as part of the faid affeffment", fubje& nevertheless to fuch difiribution of the penalty fo levied, and to the like cofts, as by the faid adts, or any of them, is or are directed.

The prAvi- XLI. And be it further enadted, That all and every the* hicome'acts^ provifions of the faid adts, or any .of them, except where the (except where lame are exprefsly varied by this adt, (hall, in the execution of varied by this) this adt, be feverally applied and conftrued, in like manner as if and of this the faid provifions were feverally and fpecially enadfed in this aft; conftluccHo anc* an<^ every provifions of this act (hall, in the execution gerher as one. r^e r^ited adts, be feverally applied and conftrued in like adt.	manner	as if the fame provifions feverallyjipraed a part of the

faid adts, and were fpecially enadted therein.

Aa may be XLIL And be it further enadted, That this act, or any of the pe^lld this** provifions herein contained, may be altered, varied, or repealed* Mlioa, by any act or adts to be made in this feffion of parliament.

C A P. L.

An aft to extend thf provifions of an ail made in tie feventeentb jar cf the reign of King George the Secondy iutiluledt An ad (0 amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and d i for derly per tons, and to houfo of corredtion.-^[June 2Q, 1800.]

Preamble. TTTHEREAS idle and diforderly perfonsfrequently ajfemhlt ad V V officiate themfefoes to fupport and afjijl each other in the defirutt'tcn of game, in the nighty and are( if interruptedy guilty of great violence by Jhoot:ngy mat mingy and beatingy to the great terror : of his Majcjly s fubjediSy and to the encouragement of idlenefi and immorality j and fuch praftices arc found by experience to lead to tie



T

;< ^'

«& \sx-' -;*:■*■ is«:. a?*: ;4fi!'

,1^ ’ tu?"

■ 3S«* U:^

: V'jSf

V*1’ ,

i:/->

I,i'>? -&

1**^ ^

. .5

tf:

k’"

ty .

i8oo."{ Anno regni quadfagedmo Georgu III. c. 5^.	609

iomrfnjjton of crimes and felonies: for the fuppreffion thereof may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted ; and be it dnadted by the King’s moft excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any perfpns to the number of two or more Perfons to the (hall, after the pafling of this adt, enter into or be found in any number of foreft, chafe, park, wood, plantation, paddock, field, meadow, or other open or inclofed ground, in the night, that is to fay, foreU &c.at Between the hours of eight of (lie clock at night and fix in the the times morning from the firft day of October to the firft day of February, herein fpeci-or between the hours of fen at night and four in the morning havin? -from the firft day of February to the firft day of October in each engine^dth and every year, having any gun, net, engine, or other iuftru- intent to kill filent for the purpofe and with the intent to deftroy, take, or or game, kill, Or fhall wilfully deftroy, take, or kill, auy hare, pheafant, partridge, heath fowl commonly called Black Game, or groule with offcnfive commonly called Red Game, or any other game ; or if any per- weapons, may fon or perfons fhall be found with any gun, fire arms, bludgeon, beapprthend-or with any other offenfive weapon, protecting, aiding, abetting, or aflifting any fuch perfons as aforefaid ; it fhall and may be keJor!e a juf. lawful to and for the ranger and rangers, and to and for the owner rice /half be dud owners, occupier and occupiers of any fuch foreft, chafe, deemed park, wood, plantation, paddock, field, meadow, or other open ™g^**lc* or inclofed ground, and alfo for his, her, or their keeper and wnhin the keepers, fervant and fervants, apd alfo for any other perfon or meaning of perfons, to feize and apprehend, oi fo affift in feizing and appre- 17 Geo. a. hending fuch offender or offenders, by virtue of this acf, and by c- 5> &c* the authority of the, fame to convey and deliver fuch offender or offenders into the cuftody of a peace officer, who is hereby authorised and directed to convey fuch offender or offenders before feme one of his Wiajefty’s juftices of the peace for the county or place where fuch offence fhall J>e allcdged to have been committed ; or in cafe fuch offender or offenders fhall not be fo apprehended, then it (hall and maybe lawful for any fuchjuftice, on information before him on the oath of any credible witnefs or witneffes, to iffue his warrant for the apprehenfion of fuch offender or offenders $ and if, upon the apprehenfion of any fuch offender or offenders, it fhall appear to fuchjuftice on the oath of any credible witnefs or witneffes, that tfie perfon or perfons fo charged hath or have been guilty of any or either of the faid offences, every fuch perfon (hall be deemed and taken to be a rogue and a vagabond, within the true intent and meaning of an aft, made in the Seventeenth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An act to amend and make more effectual the laws' relating to rogues and vagabonds and Other idle and dijorderly perfonand to houfescorrections and (ball fuffer fuch pains and punKhments as are drredled to be inffidted by any law or ftatute in force and effect on rogues and vagabonds; and in cafe any perfon or perfons being fo convidfed (hall again offend againff any of the provifions pf this a<ft, fuch perfon or perfons (hall be

JR R 2	deemed'	1

 *

^.oogie

610 Anno regni quadragefimo Gkorgii III. c. 51. [1800.

deemed and taken to be an incorrigible rogue* and fhall fuffer fuch pains and punifhmerits as by any law of ftatute in force and cfredt are dire&ed to be tafli&ed on incorrigible rogues.

GAP LL

An at1 to permit blubber from the Greenland fijhery and Dayis's Srreights to be boiled into oil after the arrival of the Jbips from tit fijhery, and for charging the duty thereon; for altering the convoy duty now payable in the importation of opium ; for repealing the duties on the importation of oil of turpentine and tar, and charging other duties in lieu thereof; Jot exempting burr fonts, and Jims ufed for the purpofe of paving or the making or mending of roads, from the duties charged thereon when carried coaftwife \ for obliging tnajlers of Jbips laden with tobacco to remove the fame from tbtir moorings when their cargoes are difcharged; and for extending bonds given on licenfing Jbips, vejjels, or boats, to all cafes wherein Jbips, vejfels, or boats may be liable to forfeiture*—[June 20,1800.J

Preamble.	'vt j HERE AS by an ad, faffed in the thirty~eightb year of (he

38 Geo. 3. Y V r€ign 0f his prefent MajeJiy, intituled. An acl for the better c'	protection	of	the	trade	of	this	kingdom,	and	for	granting	new

and additional duties of cuftoms on goods imported and exported, j and on the tonnage of certain (hips entering outwards or inwards j to or from foreign parts, until the figning the preliminary articles of peace; amongjl other things a duty of fixtten Jhillings and ten-pence per ton is 'impojed on the importation of oil or blabber: and whereas it is the practice on board Jbips or vejfels employed in (be J out hern whale fijhery to boil the blubber (being the produce of whales and other creatures caught and taken in the laid fijhery) during tie voyage, and to import the oil only into Great Britain, which predict is not obferved on board Jbips or vejfels employed in the Greenland whale fijhery, in confequeme whereof the importers tf blubber in the (did lajl mentioned fijhery are liable to pay as much duty for tbebbbber as the importers pay for the oil in the/aid firjl mentioned fijhery \ and it is therefore expedient that the blubber (being the produce of wholes and ether creatures living in the fea, caught and taken in thefaid fijhery) Jhould be permitted to be boiled into oil, and afterwards to pay duty accordingly, be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament On return of aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and ?ny VC}fe* a^ter Paffing	and	may	be	lawful,	upon

Greenland the return °f any fhip or veftel from the Greenland Seas or Davis's and Davis's Strcights, with any blubber, being the produce of whales or Streights, the other creatures living in the feas, caught and taken in the (aid blubber may fiftery, to boil fuch blubber, under the care and infpe&ion ot ofl and^d”*0 ProPer officer or officers of the cuftoms, into oil, and after-mitted toen- wards fuch oil (hall be admitted to entry, and the duties thereon try,	paid, according to the laws now in force; any ad or ads of

parliament, or cuftom or ufage, to the contrary in anywife notwitbftanding.

■ •	•	II.	And

 

i8oo.] Anno regm quadra^efimo Georgii III. c. 51.	611

II* And be it further enafted, That in cafe any blubber has»s mayblub-becn imported into Great Britain in any lhip or veflel employed veflVl^ in the faid fifhery lince the twenty-eighth day of June one thou- employed in fand (even hundred and ninety-eight, and fuch blubber has after- the faid fifhery wards been boiled into oil, fuch oil (hall be admitted to entry, fneeJune and (hall be charged with duty agreeably to the regulations and *798« directions of this aft.

III.	And whereas by the faid aft faffed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Mayefly, amongft other things, a duty of one Jhilling and two-pence halfpenny the pound weight is impofed on the importation of opium: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the faid duty cn oprumy and to impofe in lieu thereof a duty of three pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of fuch opium imported; be it therefore enafted, That, from and after the

eleventh day of May one thoufand eight hundred, the duty im- im^ftd^y1 Y pofed by the faid recited aft on opium imported into this king- recited aft on dom (hall be, and the fame is hereby repealed (fave and except opium repeal-in all cafes relating to the recovering or paying any arrears thereof cd> excePt Which may remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture arrears> relating thereto, which (hall have been incurred at any time before the paffing of this aft).

IV.	And be it further enafted, That, from and after the *hwofl for' eleventh dayof May one thoufand eight hundred, in lieu and cvery°iooi.?n inftead of the faid duty hereby repealed, there (ball be raifed, valu • of opium levied, collefted, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fuc- imported (hall ceflors, in ready money, without any difeount whatever, upon be

,the importation of opium into this kingdom, a duty of cuftoms of three pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value of fuch opium fo imported.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the value of fuch opium The value of fo imported (hall be afeertained by fuch rules and regulations, opium to be and (hall be fubjeft and liable to fuch and the like conditions, and^huty reftriftions, forfeitures, and| penalties, as are preferibed, directed, to be levied^ and impofed by the faid recited aft, in the cafe of goods imported directed by into this kingdom, and thereby fubjeft to duty according to the recited value thereof; and that the duties by this aft impofed (hail be managed, raifed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, fecured, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in fuch and the like manner,

and in and by the like ways, means, or methods, as the dudes of cuftoms impofed on goods imported irito this kingdom, and which are fubjeft to duty according to the value thereof, are by the faid recited aft managed, raifed, levied, collefted, anfwered, paid, fecured, recovered, appropriated, and applied.

VI.	And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall have con- Continuance tinuance with refpeft to the faid duty impofed on opium during of that duty, fuch time as the faid recited aft (hall remain in force, and no

longer.

VII.	And whereas it is expedient that the duties payable on the im-portation of oil of turpentine Jhould be repealed, and new duties impofed in lieu thereof except fo much of the [aid duties as are payable by virtue of the faid aft faffed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of

'	R	R	3

*	**	Digitized	by VjUUVLv

,6i*

From Jiriy s,

1800. the import Juries on oil of turpentine, except thofe p lyable under recited aft, repealed,

and inftead thereof a duty ot 2d. iq. per lb. fhall be paid.

The duties on oil of tuipen-tine to "be fubjeft to the additional duty of 5I. parent. and 5 I. p?r cent, granted by ■>7 Geo. 3. c 19. and 37 Geo. 3. c. 110.

From July 5, j8oo, the duties payable on tar reported, and the drawbacks allowed on exportation, except thole payable and allowed under 38 Geo. 3. c. 36. repealed,

and inftead

thereof the

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 5)t. [180$,

bis prefent Majefty y be it therefore enacted. That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred, the duties now payable by law on the importation of oil of turpentine, except fo much of the faid duties as are payable by virtue of the (aid recited a St parted in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, (hall be, and the fame are hereby repealed, (fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering or paying any arrears thereof which .may remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, relating thereto, which (hall have been incurred at any time before the paffing of this a<5).

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after fh$ fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred, in lieu and inftead of the faid duties hereby repealed, there (hall jbe raifed, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, in /eady money, withogt any difeount whatever, upon the importation of oil of turpentine into this kingdom^ a duty of cuftoms of twp-pence halfpenny the pound weight, arid fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That the faid duties upon oil of turpentine (hall be fiibjed and liable to the additional duty of five pounds per centum thereon, payable upon goods, wares, aod merchandize imported, by virtue of an ad, parted in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for granting to his Majefty certain duties of cuftoms on goods, wares, and merchandize imported into, exported from, or brought and carried coaftwife within Great Britain, and for other purpofes ; and (hall a)fo be fubjed and 1/abJe to the further additional duty of five pounds per centum thereon, payable upon goods, wares, and merchandize imported by . virtue of another ad, parted in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his* prefent Majefty, for granting to his Majefty additional duties of cuftoms on goods, wares, and merchandize imported into, exported from, or carried coaft wife in this kingdpm, and for other purpofes.

X.	And whereas it. is expedient that the duties payable an the importation, and the drawbacks allowed on the exportation of tar, Jbouli be repealed, except fo much of the faid duties as are payable by virtue of the faid aft, puffed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of bii prefent Majefly, and that new duties Jhould be impofed, and drawback allowed in lieu thereof ; be it therefore enaded, That, from and • after the fifth day'of July one thoufand eight hundred, the duties now payable bylaw on the importation of tar, except fo much of the faid duties as are payable by virtue of the faid |ecited ad, parted in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of Ins prefent Majefty, (hall be, and the fame are hereby repealed, and the draw, backs now allowed by law, on the exportation of tar, fhall Bo, and the fame are hereby repealed (fave and except in all cafes relating to the recovering, paying, or allowing, any arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, relating thereto, which (hall have been incurred at any time before the palling of this ad).

XI.	And be it further enaded, That, from and ^fter the

fifth





r8o©.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 51.

fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred, in lieu and inftead ;ofthe faid duties hereby repealed, there (hall be raifed, levied, coiledled, and paid unto his Majefly, his heirs and fuccefibrs, in ready money, without any difeount whatever, upon the importation of tar, the following duties of cuftoms, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity; and on the exportation of fuch tar to foreign parts there (hall be allowed the following drawbacks, and fo in proportion for any greater or iefs quantity; that is to fay.

Duties. Drawbacks.

Tar, not being the produ&ion of any of the dominions or plantations of the crown of Great Britain, videlicet, imported in a Britijh-built fhip, the laft containing twelve barrels, each barrel not exceeding thirty-one gallons and a half -	-

Tar imported in a foreign fhip, the laft containing twelve barrels, each barrel not exceeding thirty-one gallons and a half Tar of the product of any of the dominions or plantations of the crown of Great Britain, the laft containing twelve barrels, jeach barrel not exceeding thirty-one gallons ?nd a half -	-	-

£■

s.

d.

£•

O 9 4

o 10 o

083

X. d.

8	4

9	4

7 3

XII. And be it further enabled, That the faid duties upon tar fhall be fubjeft and liable to the additional duty of five pounds per centum thereon, payable upon goods, wares, and merchandize, imported by virtue of an acf, palled in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majeftv, for granting to his Majefly certain duties of cuftoms on goods, wares, and merchandize imported into, exported from, or brought and carried coaftwife within Great Britain, and for other purpofes; and (hall alfo be fubjeft and liable to the further additional duty of five pounds per centum thereon, payable upon goods, wares, and merchandize imported by virtue of another aft, palled in the thirty-feventh vear of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for granting to his Majefly additional duties of cuftoms on goods, wares, and merr chandize imported into, exported from,* or carried coaftwife in this kingdom, and for other purpofes.

XILI. And be it further ena<9ed. That the duties hereby im-pofed, and the drawbacks allowed, (hall and may be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, cohered, anfwered, paid, fecured, recovered, appropriated, applied, and allowed, in fuch and the like manner, and in and by fuch and the like ways, means, or methods by which the duties of cuftoms hereby repealed on the like goods, wares, or merchandize impofed and payable by an a<ft, palled' in the twenty-feventh year of the Vign of hi's prefent Majefty, or by any other adt qr acls

'	R R 4	r^of

*	Digitized	by	VjjU

613

following fhall be paid and allowed.

Duties and drawbacks.

The duties on tar fnall be fubjeCt to the additional duty of 51, per cent, and S 1. per cent, printed hy 3 7 Geo 3. c. 15. and 37 Geo.

3. c, no.

The faid duties and draw-backs ihall be managed, le^ vied, and allowed as the former, and the powers of all afrs for teen ring the revenue of cuftoms ftnll fftehd to this aft;

614	Anno	regni quadragefitno Georcii III. c. 5T. [1800.

1	pf parliament in- force on or immediately before the palling of

this aft, were or might be managed, afcertained, railed, levied, /collefted, anfwered, paid, fecured, recovered, appropriated, applied, and allowed, and the goods, wares, or merchandize fo , by this aft made chargeable with the faid dqties, and on which the faid drawbacks are allowed, (hall be, ajid the fame are hereby made fubjeft and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, r,ules, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, to which any goods, wares, or merchandize, upon which any duties of cuftoms are impofed and payable, or any drawbacks are allowed, were fubjeft: and liable by any aft or afts of parliament in force pn or immediately before the paffing of this ac5t; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture for any offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any aft or afts of parliament in force on or immediately before the paffing of this aft, made for fecuring the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the feveral claufes, powers, and directions therein contained, fhall, and are hereby dirtfted and declared to extend to, and fhall be refpeftively applied, praftifed, 1 and put in execution, for and in refpeft of the duties hereby charged, and the drawback hereby allowed, as far as the fame are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes .whatever, as if all and every the faid afts, claufes, provifions, powers, direftions, pains, penaltie$? and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this prefent aft. *	j

34 Geo. 3. XIV. And whereas by an aft, paffed in the thirty-fourth sear cj P*	fhe reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft for granting to j

his Majefty certain duties of cuftoms on date, ftone, and marble, fmong/l other things certain duties are impofed upon allfont, tilt production of Great Britain, (except as therein provided)} which fhall he brought coaflwife by fea from any port or plate within the kingdom of Great Britain to any other port, or to any place within the limits of any other port within the faid kingdom, and it half amongfi other things in the faid aft provided, that any Jim cut or %anufa£jured into millflows, or manufaftured/lone ufedfor the pur-pofes of hufbandry, fhall not be charged with the duty thereby impofed 011 ftone the produ ft ion of Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient that all ftone cut or manufafture4 into burr flones, and dlftones fed for the purpofe of paving, or for the purpofe of making or mending roads, fhottla be exempt from the payment of duty; be it therefore Bqrr and pay- enafted, That all ftones whatever, cut or manufaftured into ing ftones; burr ftones, and all ftones ufed for the purpofe of paving, or for meliding* *°r PurP^c ma^ing or mending roads, fhall be, and the fame roads, (hall are hereby declared to be, exempt from the duty by the faid be exempted recited aft upon ftone the production of Great Britain, provided from the duty tjic fame (hall be accompanied wjth the ufual cqaft difpotches, 3s iwtedaft if *n ca^e &ooc*s Parried poaftwife free of duty $ and that the pro-accompanied prieror or proprietors, or confignee or conhgnpes thereof, (hall, with the ufual previous to the fame being unihipped or landed from on board ihe co.iil dif- Jhip or vefiel in which the fame fhall have been brought coaft-

wife,

 v^ooQle

1

#♦ 1*

r.-

fe'

D



».r^;

:ci'rv

>.ri-:;-£'

•V-'

. f

r •*■',



jt$oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 5$.	615

.wife, make, with the proper officer of the cuftoms at the port patches, and or place where the fame (hall be brought coaftwife, a regular conditions^ entry of fuch goods, and fhall make oath thereon before the faid herein men-officer^ who is hereby authorised and required to adminiftcr thetioned be tain^ that fuch goods are of the denomination or defcriptjon complied aforefaid; and, with refped to paving ftones, that the fame arewitii: intended for the purpofes of being made ufe of in paving or making or mending of roads only.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That all ftone exempt from but (tone fo duty by thi$ ad (hall be fubjed and liable to fuch and the like conditions, reftridions, forfeitures, and penalties as are prescribed, ^athc regula-direded, and impofed by the faid recited ad, as fully and effec-tiona pre-tually to all intents and purpofes as if all the claufes, powers, fcribed by directions, and authorities of the fajd recited ad, were particularly recited Repeated and re-enaded in the body of this prefent ad.

XVI.	And whereas by an aft pajfcd in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty to prevent other Jhips than thofe laden with tobacco from1 mooring and difebarging their lading at the places appointed by an aft pajfed in the twenty’ninth year of the reign of bis

prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for repealing the duties on to- *9 Geo. 3# '

bacco and fnuffi and for granting new duties in lieu thereof, andc«

for other purpofes, it is amongfl other things enabled, That it Jhall

not be lawful for any Jhip or vcjfel, other than fuch Jhips as Jhall be

laden in the whole or in part with tobacco, to be moored, or the lading

thereof difeharged, at or within the limits of any of the places appointed,

or io be appointed, for the mooring of Jhips laden with tobacco; and in

cafe any Jbip or vcjfel Jhall be moored, or the lading thereof difebarged,

contrary to this a St, the mafter or other perfon having or taking the

charge or command of fuch Jbip or veffel, and wilfully offending herein,

Jhall for each and every fuch offence forfeit the Jum of twenty pounds : and whereas the proviftons of the faid recited aft are not fuffeient to prevent inconvenience to the mqfters of Jhips or veffels laden with tobacco for want of its being exprejsly declared, that after Jhips or Veffels laden with tobacco have difeharged their cargo, fuch Jhips or veffels Jhall be removed from the mooring places to make room for other Jhips or veffels which may arrive with tobacco for the purpofe of Jff charging their cargoes \ for remedy thereof be it enaded, That as WhenreflTcU foon as conveniently may be after (hips or veffels, laden in theladcn whh Whole or in part with tobacco, have regularly difeharged their u°^acf*f cargoes refpedively, fuch (hips or veffels (bail be removed from ed^eircar^* the place or places appointed for mooring of the lhips or veffels goes, they (hall laden with tobacco; and in cafe the matter or other perfon he removed having or taking the charge or command of any fuch Ihip orfrom.the veffel (hall omit, negled, or refufe to remove fuch ihip or veffel	of

from fuch mooring place or places, fuch mafter or other perfon %o\.

(hall for each and every offence forfeit the fum of twenty pounds

XVII.	And whereas by an aft, paffed in the twenty fourth year of** Geo, 3. the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An ad for the more0*47* effedual prevention of fmuggling in this kingdom, andj'everal other afts, certain Jhips, veffels, and boats therein particularly der

	.

616	Anno	regni	quadragefimo	GeoRgix	III. c. 51. [1800.

fcribed, are in certain cafes	to	forfeiture.,	uniefs	the owner

thereof/hall have a licence for navigating the fame, as therein directed, from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commi/ftoners the admiraltyfor the time being, or any ptrfott author'tfed by them, to grant the fame : and whereas the owner of every	vejfl, or boat,

fo licenfed, is required to give certain fecurity, as in	alls	direSiei,

■'before fuch Jhip,	vejfel, or boat Jhould proceed to ,or fail out of ary

port, harbour, or creek,in this kingdom : and whereas it is expedient that the terms and conditions of fuch fecurity jhould be extended to alt tofes wherein fuch Jhip, vejfel, or boat may be forfeited or liable to forfeiture for or on account of any offence contrary to or in breath of arty ads or ad of parliament now in force j and that, over and above the fecurity in the faid ads dircded, further fecurity fhould be givttt by bond in manner dir eded by the faid ads by thefaid owner before any fuch Jhip,Vejfel, or boat, Jh proceed to fea, or fail out of any port, harbour, or creek,in this kingdom, that fuch	vcffels, and

/hall not be ufed or employed in hovering within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coaft thereof, or in any other manner, or in any trade or employment	,

The ownrr of contrary to law: be it therefore enabled. That, from and after the every veflel pgffmg of this a cl, the owner of every (hip, veflel, or boat, which the'recited W (hall be licenfed in purfuance of the faid recited 9ft, or any fub-a<ft, (hall, .fequent aft or afts of parliament, (hall, before any fuch (hip, before it fails, veflel, or boat, (hall proceed to fea, or fail oat of any port, har-fhV» th"f hour, or creek, in this kingdom, give fecurity by bond, in the (hall not be manner direfted by the faid recited afts refpeftively, that fuch found within (hips, veflels, and boats, (hall not be found at anchor, or hover* certain limits jng within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or ^>ec*' within four leagues of the poaft thereof, nor difeovered to have *	been within the faid limits or diftance contrary to the faid recited

aft, pafl'ed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and alfo that fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, (hall not be found within the diftances and fituations particularly deferibed and fet forth in an aft, palled in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repealing fo much of an aft, made in the feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as direfts, that no cambrick or lawn (hall be imported from Ireland and for making more eflfeftual an aft, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the more eflfeftual prevention of fmuggling in this kingdom, and for other purpofes, contrary to the directions and provifions of the faid recited aft } and alfo, that fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, lhall'not be employed, nr be feund or difeovered to have been out of the limits within which fuch (hip, veflel, or boat, (hall or may be licenfed to navigate or trade, contrary to the direftions and provifions of an aft, pafled in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making further provifions in regard to fuch veflels as are particularly deferibed in an aft, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for the more effcftual prevention of fmuggling in this kingdom, and for extending the laid aft to other veflels and boats not pat ticularly deferibed therein,

. •	and



1800J Anno, regni quadragefimo Georgii IJI. c. 52.	617

and for other purpofes; and alfo that fuch (hip, veffel, or boat, and alfo th.it (hall not be engaged for or ufed in any trade or employment *Qet vhatc/er, other than that described and fet forth in the licence gaged in any forft|:h fliip, veflel, or boar, contrary to an a&, pafled in the other trade thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, to prevent or employ-veflels licenfed by the admiralty from being engaged in any trade or employment not permitted by their licences; and alfo that forth in the fuch fliip, veflel, or boat, (hall not be ufed or employed in any licence, &c. other way or manner whatever, contrary to the laws in force relating to the revenue of cuftoms on and immediately before the palling of this aft.

CAP. LII.

An a& for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money, to be raifed by a lottery.—[June 20, 1800.}

#16,250!. to be raifed by a lottery, to confift of 60,000 tickets at 13]. 25s.

5 d. each. All perfons who have made depolits of il. 53. 5d. for each ticket purfuant to the refolution of the houle of commons, are required to pay tlie remainder of their fubferiptions at the time following, viz. al. 10s. by July 14* 1800.—al. by Aug. 29.—2I. by Off. 20*—3I. by Dec. 5.— and th* remaining 3I. by Jan. 23, 1801, and the contributors for each 131.15s. sd. advanced, (hall be entitled to fuch lot upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned; and thole that pay contributions before Dec. 4. to be allowed difeount at 3I. per cent, per annum, and to have lottery tickets delivered at 13I. jjs. jd. each. Cafhier to give fecuxky, to the fatisfa&ion of the commiirioners of the treafury; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. CommiiTioners of the treafury empowered to apply the money p?.id in by the cafhier. 590,000!. the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any fupplies granted this feflion. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets^ and deliver them to the cafhiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the feme.

Cafhier* to return.the books, with the undifpofed tickets, with an account of money received and paid in. Undifpoica tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or filk; and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A),and put into another box, to be locked up and fealed.

Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 60,000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets. One prize of 30,000k—one of 20,000k—two of io,oook—four of 5,0001.—five of 1 ,oool. —t enof 1, oool.—lixtee n of 5 ool.—fi fty-four of 1 ool.—one hundred of50I.—feventecn thoufand two hundred of iSl.—10,oool. to theownerof the firft drawn ticket on the twenty-fifth day,-«-ao,oook to the owner of the firft drawn ticket on the twenty-ninth day,—30,000k to the owner of the firft drawn ticket on the thirty-third day,—and *oook to the owner of the firft drawn ticket on the fortieth day.—Tickets in the outermoft column of the laft mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), &c. Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on March 2, 1801 • Method to be obferved in drawing, &c. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the fums to be printed. Difputes to be adjufted by the managers. Forging tickets, &c. felony. Offenders (not in prifon) dif-covering perfons guilty to receive a pardon and fifty pounds reward. Managers to be fworn. Cafhier may receive the funis lublcribed; giving a note for the fame, wnich (hall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 13I.

15s. sd. paid. After July 14, 1800, the cafliier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the fum attually fubferibed ; and Jhall give receipts for the refidue of fuch fums, after value of the. tickets fo delivered. Contributors not making good their payments within the time* limited,

n	rtqtfefc Ip

 VjVJtJV LC

618

Preamble.

Anno regni quadragefimo G'eorgii III. 0,53. [1800.

forfeit their dcpoGts, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, &c. Commiflioners of the treafury may reward the managers, &c. as they fhaH think fit. The 500,0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, tqbe charged on any fuppliea granted this feffion; and fhall be' paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on Aug. i, x&oi, Sec. Managers to ghre notice of the times tor exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c. and figned, &c. Cotnmifiioners of the treafury em-powered to defray the incidental expence attending the execution of this aft. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution monies for rectipts, &c. on penalty of 20I. No perfon to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of drawing unit fa employed as a clerk by the managers or licenfed fo to do. Perfons fo licenfed, to receive from the ftamp office numerical books which (hall be (lamped on every leaf. Comroiffioners to grant fuch licences Only on account licenfed lottery offices. Penalty On unlicenfed perfons taking down or publiftung the numbers of tickets drawn, Ac. On complaint, the magiftrates of London may grant war-rants for apprehending offenders. Perfons in the aftttal commiffion of fuch offence may be apprehended by any perfon, and carried before a magiftrate, who may jeommit the offender it penalty be not paid. Penalty of 50I. on perfons fummoned as witnefles not appearing, &c. CommiHi-cmers (hall not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery tickets, wnlefs it (hall appear that the party is able to anfwer the penalty required by law, and lie (hall have depolited a certain number of tickets, &c. Perfons to whom licences are granted to give bond agreeably to u Geo. 3. e. 47. At the end of twelve months after the expiration of licences the ccmmifiioners may give up bonds or put them in fuit. Licences of perfons neglecting to depolit or divide into (hares 50 tickets to be void; and the defaulters to be publifhed in tbe gazette, &c. In cafes where licences under 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. are declared void, in fuch cafes licences granted after the commencement of this aft (hall be void for offence! againfl this aft, or %y Geo. 3. c. 1. Licences may he refufed to perfow convifted. Twenty pounds penalty on perfons continuing on their houfes the words Licenfed, See. after expiration of their licences, &c. Executors, &c. may be authorifed to carry on bufinefs for the reiidue of the term of licences. No tickets to be divided into any other (hares than halves, quarters, eights and fixteenths, on penalty of fifty pounds. Perfoirs counterfeiting (hares, &c. guilty of felony. Perfons preparing orhavingin their culiody any regifter or lift of tickets but as in this aft particularised; or keeping any place for examining tickets, by any other than fuch lift, Sec. to forfeit 50I. On complaint on oath of offences 3gainft 47 Geo. 3. c. x. whereby the parties may be liable to puniihment as rogues, juttices may authorile perlons to break open houfes, 8cc. Perfons difeovered m fuch houfes concerned in carrying on illegal tranfaftions, to be puniChed as rogues, and may be arrefted, &c. Perfons obiirufting officers may be imprifoned. See. Perfons employing or aiding others to carry on fuch illegal tranfaftions to be deemed rogues and vagabonds. Manner in which aft ions for penalties (hall be commenced- Where the amount of penalties fued for is not inferted in writs, the defendant to be ferved with a copy of the procefs, Sec. Offenders adjudged rogues and vagabonds may be committed. Proceedings not removeable by certiorari. General iflue. Treble cofts-

C 4 P. LIIL

An for granting a bounty on the importation of rye, until tie fifteenth day of October one (houfand eight hundred\—[June 20> 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that encouragement Jbould be give* to the importation of rye into this kingdom, for a limited time : may it thcieforc pleafe your Majefty that it may beenafted: aa4 be it ena&cd by the King’s moll excellent majefiy, by anJ

with

i?oo/

1 filh &

led co

I’i’.bii

fci

nabc

buntv

liCtlTci

c:

Lin:

sna

q

km i bafc II, 4(1

i km

; Pill lib

. 111

1 DUfc'

, ^'1

«3tcf

.

Tlit 1 ft*

IV.

:

j ‘'

' ir

C;

 

i8go.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgxx Ilf. c. 53.	619

with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled^ and by the authority of the fame, Thar, from and after the parting of this A bounty aft, for rye imported or brought into this kingdom in Britijk (hips or veffels, or in (hips or vcflels belonging to perfons of any beforeOft, u kingdom or ftate in amity with his Majefly, however the fame iXcc* may be navigated, there (hall be paid and allowed the following bounty; (that is to fay), Whenever the average price of rye,

.afcertained and publifhed in the London Gazette under the authority of any aft or afts of parliament, (hall be lefs than (ixty-five fhillings per quarter, a bounty equal to the difference of ftich average price and fuch rate of fixty-five (hillings fhall be paid on every quarter of rye which (hall be imported or brought into Great Britain before the fir ft day of Ofiober one thouianid eight hundred.

II.	And, in order that the bounty Jhall be governed as near as may County to he

be by the average price of rye at the time of importation, be it en- paid acrord-afted, That fuch bounty (hall be paid upon fuch rye according to ,n£ to thc. the average price of rye in England and Wales, fo afcertained and ^ 7y/piih^ publifhcd in the London Gazette in the fecond week after fuch rye lifted in tJx (hall have been imported.	London

III.	And be it further enafted. That the faid bounty fhall be Gazette, under the management of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s B°unry to be cuftoms in England and Scotland refpefttvely, and (hall be paid JJ"gement li*" out of any monies in their hands arifing by any of the duties or the commif-revenues under their management refpeftively, to the refpeftive iiontrsof cuf-importers or confignees of fuch rye: provided always. That atom8*

due entry (hall be made with the proper officers of the cuftoms, at the port into which fuch rye (hall be imported : provided aI(o, Entry tp That the colleftor or other proper officer of the cuftoms of the made at the port where fuch rye (hall be imported, do receive full and fatis- Port faftory proof, that the rye, for which the bounty herein allowed h claimed, is wholly and entirely without mixture 6f any other that tl4 rye corn or grain, and that in default thereof, the faid bounty (hall is free from ftot be allowed or paid.	mixture-

IV.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That the bounty No bouirty to granted by this aft (hall not be paid, allowed, or received, unleIs he avowed die rye (hall be imported or brought into fome one or other of

his Majefty’s ports, (that is to fay), Thf ports of London, at certain* Aberyfwyth, Barnfaple, Beaumaris, Berwick, Biddeford, Boflon, place*. Bridgewater, Bridport, Br'tfol, Cardiff, Cardigan, Carlifie, Carnarvon, Chefter, Chichejhr, Ctdchefer, Cowes, Dartmouth, Dover,

Exeter, Falmouth, Fowey, Harwich, Hull, Ipjwich, Lancajler, Liverpool, Lyme, Lynn, Malden, Milford, Newcanle, Newhaven, Penzance,

Plymouth, Poole, Portsmouth, P ref on, Kochefer, Sandwich, Scar-borough, Skoreham, Southampton, Stockton, Sunderland, Swanfea,

Wells, Weymouth, Whitehaven, Whitby, Wijbeach, Tar mouth;

Aberdeen, Ayr, Alloa, Borroufonefs, Campbeltown, Dumfries, Dunbar, Port Dttndas, Dundee, Grangemouth, Glafeow, including Port Glafgow, Greenock, including • Kirkcaldy, Kirkcudbright, Leith,

Lerwick, Montrofe, Perfh, and Wigton.

V^And

,  1 ^ooQle

6io

Rye imported, to be in-fpc&ed by the officers of the cuftoms and two (kilful perfons, who are to certify whether it h fit for making meal.

^ecompence lobe madethc iufpe&ors.

Commiffion-ers ofcuftonas may pay bounty on rye imported

bdorcOtt.is* lSoo, on proof of the vtffels having failed at fnch times, that they might in the ordinary couife of their voyage have ax rived before O&.i.

An^no r£gni quadragefimo Geor&ix III. c. 53. [1800,

V.	And be it further enabled, That before any of die rye, 1 Imported or brought into this kingdom for bounty under the regulations of this a<ft, {hall be delivered out of the charge of the proper officer or officers of the cuftoma of the port where the fame (hall be refpe&'rvely fo imported or brought, fuch rye (hall be Carefully and attentively infpe&ed and examined by fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms as the commiffioners of the ctiftoms in England and Scotland refpe&ively fball tfiink fit to dire# for that duty, and two indifferent and difinterefted perfons experienced in the nature of the article to be fo inlpedled and examined; which two indifferent and difinterefted perfons {hall be chofen by the principal officers of the cuftoms at fuch port, or any two of them, whereof the collector for the time being (hall be one; which faid officer of officers of the ctiftoms fo directed by the

fa id commiffioners of the cuftoms refpedtively, and the faid two indifferent and difinterefted perforrs, fo chofen as aforefaid to infpeft anc^ examine the faid article, (ball, upon having viewed the fame, certify and declare upon their corporal oaths, firft ad-niiniftered by the faid principal officers, or any two of them, whereof the colletf or fhall he one, (who are hereby authorifed * and required to admirtifter the lame), whether the faid rye is or is riot merchantable tfnd fit for making meal; and if the fame {hall appear by fuch certificate to be merchantable and fit for making meal, the bounty granted by this aSt (hall be paid and > allowed thereon; but if the fame {hall appear by fuch certificate not to be merchantable or fit for making meal, no bounty granted * by this a£t {hall be paid or allowed thereon.

VI.	And be it further enaded. That the faid indifferent and difinterefted perfons, fo chofen by the faid principal officers to infpeef and examine the faid goods, {hall from time to time be paid by an order of the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms,. or any four or more of them, in England, or the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in Scotland, or any three or more of them, out of any monies in their hands, arifing by any of the duties or revenues under their management refpedlively, by way of recompence or reward tor their trouble in fo infpeiiing, examining, and certifying, the fum of one penny per quarter for all rye infpe&ed and examined and certified by them as aforefaid, and fq in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any rye (hall be fo imported or brought from any of the ports or places herein mentioned into any of the refpe&ive pom herein alfo enumerated, fubfequent to the time limited by this asft, but before the fifteenth day of Ofiober one thoufand eight hundred, it fhall be lawful for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpe&ively, to order the bounty to be paid thereon in like manner as if the fame had been imported within the time limited by this acl; provided proof (hall be made, to the fatisfa£tion of the faid commiffioners relpedtively,* that the {hips or veffels on board of which fuch rye {hall be fo imported or brought, afttially and torn fidi fet fail from fuch

r'efpedivc





i8oo.] Anno rcgni qQadragefimo Georgii ill. c. 54*	621

refpe&ive ports or places, for Great Britai, in fuch time as they

might in the ordinary courfe of their voyage have arrived in

Great Britain before the faid firft day of October one thoufand

eight hundred ; and proof (hall alfo be given, and entry (hall be

made, and the rye infpe&ed and examined and certified in like

manner as is required by this a6t, to aufthorife the payment

of bounty on the (aid article imported within the time limited by

this a6h

VIII.	And be it further enafted. That if any (hip or veffri Veffils arriv-has arrived or (hall arrive at: any port in Great Britain, where, at a Port according to the regulation of this a 61, the bounty is not allowed, ^^tvis not the faid (hip or veffel (hall and may lawfully depart from fuch allowed, may port, without moleftation Or hindrance, with the rye on board, full to one and may carry the fame to any other port of Great Britain at wh.re it is. which the fame may be entered for the bounty, and there enter,

land, and deliver the fame, fubjedf neverthelefs to each and every the rules, regulations, conditions, and reftridtions of this a £t.

IX.	And be it further enafted. That this a61 (hall continue Continuance ih force ttntil the fifteenth day of October one thoufand eight ofadt* hundred.

X.	Provided always, That any part of this adt may be altered, which may be varied, or repealed, by any a£f or adfs to be made in this prdent alte.re^ rc“ feffion of parliament/

CAP. LIV.

An aCt for more effectually charging publick accountants with the fay* ment of inter eft \ for allowing inter ejl to them in certain cafes; and for compelling the payment of balances due from them.—[June 20, r8oo.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide more effectually, in certain Preamble cafes, for charging publick accountants with the payment of interejl upon publick monies received by and due from them: may it therefore pleafe your majefty that it may be enadled ; and be it tnaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in all cafes where any perfon employed in the Where pub-colle&ion or receipt; of any part of his Majefty’s revenues, (hall,,ick accouut-from and after the paffing of this adt, die, or go out of office, being indebted to his Majefty at that time, in refpedt of his indebted to (aid office, to the amount of five hundred pounds or upwards, the his Majefty, proper officer or officers to whom it does or may belong by Iaw5°°l* °rup-to ascertain the balance due to his Majefty, and demandable war^erofficer from fuch perfon or his lawful reprefentative or reprefentarives, compute (hall compute intereft, after the rate of five pounds per centum intereit on the per annum, upon the whole of fuch balance, from three months balance, and next after the time of fuch perfpn going out of office, or from twelve months next after the death of fuch perfon (as the cafe p^efemauve maybe), unto the day of afeertaining fuch balance \ and the notice of the

faid amount of

 VJVJ T\~

(>2i

Parties think-mgthcmfelves aggrieved by charge of intereft, may within fix months ap*-1y to therourtof exchequer; but no fuch proceeding ffiall prevent recovering balances, tx-chifive of intereft.

Anno regni quadragefimo GeoAgxi III. c. ^4. '[18do*

faid officer or officers fhall thereupon forth with catife a notice in writing to be given to fuch perfon, or his lawful reprefentative or reprefentatives, or his or their agent, fpecifying the amount of fuch balance, and aJfo of fuch charge for intereft; the total amount of which faid balance and intereftfhall and may be Aied for and recovered, by fuch procefs, and ih fuch manner, as any other debt due co his Majefty, together with intereft thereon, to be computed in fuch manner as herein-after directed: provided neverthelefs, That if fuch accounting party, or hisreprefentativeor reprefentatives, fhall think himfelfor themfelves aggrieved by fuch charge for intereft, it fhall and may be lawful for him or them to apply (within (lx months from the receiving fuch notice), to his Majefty’s court of exchequer at Wejiminjler, by motion in open

matter, and allow or difallow the faid charge for intereft, in the

If the party doe8not apply or the chaige for imerelt be allowed by t he court, interelt upon the in-tereft to be charged for the intermediate period.

Theaggregate amount of the original balance, and of the intereft, fhall bear intereft till paid; and K the ba. lance has been

whole or in port, as to the faid court fhall feerri juft and reafon able: provided alfo, That no fuch proceeding touching fuch charge for intereft fhall prevent or delay the fuing for or recover* ing the balance aforefaid, exclulive of fuch inte-eft, in fuch manner as the fame might heretofore have been lued for or recovered.

II.	And be it further enabled, That in cafe the faid perfon or perfons lhall neverthelefs negleft to apply within the laid period of fix months to the faid court of exchequer, in manner aforfc-faid, or if upon application to the faid court the faid charge for intereft or any part thereof fhall he allowed hy the faid court of exchequer, thereupon the aforefaid officer or officers to whom it does or may belong by.law to afeertain the faid original balance, Aall, from and after the expiration of the faid period of fix months, or upon the determination of the faid court (as the cafe may be), proceed to compute a further fum, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, for intereft upon the amount of the faid charge for intereft, or upon fo much thereof as fhall have been allowed by the faid court, from the time when the faid balance was fo ’ascertained as aforefaid, until the expiration of the faid period of fix months, (in cafe no application fhall have been made within that time to the faid court of exchequer), or until fuch application fhall have been finally difpofed of by the faid court (as the cafe may be); which faid further fum focom* puted for intermediate intereft (hall be added to the amount of the faid charge for intereft, (or fo much thereof as fhall have been allowed by the laid court), and fhall together therewith become a debt due to his Majefty, his heirs and lucceffors, to be fued for1 and recovered accordingly.

III.	And be it further ena&ed. That the aggregate amount of the faid original balance fo alcertained as aforefaid, and of the charge for intereft thereon, fhall' bear intereft after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, from the time when the faid balance was fo ascertained as aforefaid, until the fame fhall have been paid by or recovered from the faid accounting party* or his lawful reprefentative or reprefenutbes » and in cafe the faid

balance

hi i iffio

court; which court fhall proceed to hear and determine theftid

infer

25;!

lf-c

(by

■'0)71

’JC

kw

h

fall

titr-

to 2 15 is, = £ ttCo i;crt i'll! liicf

fre.

6al

to!



>!

:*n



I'O;

(

:va

-Cl

I





1800.] Anno regni quadragefimb Georgii III. c. 54.	623

balance (hall have been paid, then and in that cafe the aggregate paid, the ag-amount of the faid charge for intereft, or fo much thereof a3 g^gate °f the £ha]] have been allowed by the faid court, and of the furtherIhefiirthei* ° intereft thereon, fo direeled to be computed and added thereto intcreit Diall as aforefaid, (hall in like manner bear intereft at the rate of five bear intereft, pounds per centum per annumy from the expiration of the faid period of fix months, or determination of the faid court of exchequer, until the fame (hall have been paid by or recovered from the faid party or his lawful reprefentative or reprefentatives; the amount of which growing intereft (hall in either cafe be deemed a debt due to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and fhall and may be fued for and recovered accordingly.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That upon any audit which The commif-(hall take place after the palling of this ad, of any ordinary or loners forau-extraordinary account, where it (hall appear to the commi(fioners

fot auditing the publick accounts, that any publick accountant whtre an ac-*

is indebted to his Majefty, upon the balance thereof, in the fum count^ntowes

of five hundred pounds or upwards, (fuch account not being an a balance of

account current) it fhall and may be lawful for the faid commif- ^°a^s°/raup"

fioners, at their diferetion, to charge the faid accounting party count8 cur-

with intereft, upon the whole or any part of the faid balance, for reuttxcepted)

fuch period of time paft, and at fuch rate of intereft, as they charge

fhall deem to be juft and reafonable; fo that the faid rate of in-

tereft do not exceed five pounds per centum per annum; and the ticetobegiven

faid commiffioners are hereby required, in all cafes where they to the party

fhall Charge the accounting party with intereft as aforefaid, to or his repre-

caufe a notice ih writing to be given forthwith to fuch account- tentative, of , . , r P	c .	w	the amount of

ing party, or his lawful reprefentative or reprefentatives, or his the balance,

or their agent, fpecifying the amount of fuch balance, and alfo and of the in-

of fuch charge foF intereft, and the grounds upon which fuch tereft, and of

charge for intereft has been made; and alfo to fet forth the ^

amount of fuch charge for intereft, together with the grounds it^ and?hafi

thereof, in the faid account, when they fhall caufe the fame, ftate the fame

according to the nature thereof, either to be declared by their to the.trea-

own authority, or to be prepared for declaration, or to be ftated fury#

to the lords commi (fioners of his Majefty's treafury for their

confuleration : provided neverthelefs, That nQthing herein con- The treafury

tained fhall prevent or delay the faid lords commiffioners from

proceeding, and they are hereby required to proceed, to allow apow balances

or difallow the amount of fuch balance, or any part thereof, of accounts

upon any account fo prepared for declaration, or ftated to them prepared tor

as aforeiaid, diftindt and apart from the faid charge for intereft; ^dUna^rom

which faid charge for intereft they fhall and may neverthelefs in intereft.

fuch cafe proceed afterwards to allow or difallow, in the whole

or in part, as they fhall think juft: and reafonable.

V.	And be it further enabled, That after any extraordinary After warrant account fhall have been ftated to the lords commiffioners of his Sranted* t0 Majefty’s treafury, and they (hall have granted their warrant to extraordinary prepare the fame for declaration, the faid commiffioners for audit- account for ingthe publick accounts fhall proceed to compute intereft, after declaration, the rate of five pounds per centum per dnnum} upon the amount

VOJL'XUI.	Ss	C?(r>alp

 VjOVJV IC

624

compute intermediate intereft from the time of dating the account to Jan. 5, or July5,preceding the declaration, which /hall be added to the balance, .and intereft allowed by the treafury.

When any account (not being an account current) lhall be declared, the party fhall be charged with further intereft upon the . fum due till it is paid or recovered.

Balances af« certainedtobe due from revenue officers, and balances

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 54. [1800. of the faid balance fo dated by them as aforefaid, or fo much thereof as (hall have been allowed by the faid lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, and {hall'then remain due; andalfo upon the amount of the faid charge for intereft fo fated as aforefaid, or upon fo much thereof as {hall have been allowed by the faid lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, fuch intereft to be computed from the time when the faid account was fo Rated, until the fifth day of January or the fifth day of July (as the cafe may be) next preceding the time when the faid account of balance or intereft (as the cafe may be) {hall bepre-fented for declaration; and the amount of fuch further intereft for the faid intermediate period of time {hall be added to the amount of the faid balance and charge for intereft refpeftively, which (hall have been allowed by the (aid lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, and (hall therewith form the total fum with which the faid accountant (hall be charged as due to his Majefty on the faid accounts of balance or intereft, when the (ame (hall be refpedively prefented for declaration.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the time when any account, not being an account current, (hall be declared, the faid party accountant, or his lawful reprefentativeor reprefentatives, (hall be charged with intereft, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, upon the amount of the fum due upon every account which (hall be fo declared (whether the fame (hall be for principal or intereft) in manner following; (that is to fay). Upon every account declared by the faid com-miffioners for auditing the publick accounts, the faid intereft (hall commence at and be computed from the time of fuch declaration 5 and upon every ordinary account prepared by them for declaration, the faid intereft (hall commence at and be computed from the time when the fame was fo prepared 5 and upon every extraordinary account, dated by them to the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, the faid intereft (hall commence at and be computed from the faid fifth day of January or fifth day of July (as the cafe may be) next preceding the time when the faid account was prefented for declaration; and in each and every of the faid cafes, the faid intereft (hall grow due and be payable from the periods feverally above mentioned, until the (aid fum (hall be paid or recovered by due courfe of law; the amount of which growing intereft (hall be deemed a debt due to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceftors, and may be recovered in the fame manner, and by the fame means, as the fum due upon the faid declared account; and no accountant (ball be deemed-even and quit, according to the courfe of his Majefty’s exchequer, until he (hall have fully paid and difeharged the amount of fuch growing intereft, together with fuch fum fo declared to be due as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed. That all balances, which before the palling of this a£t have been afeertained to be due from perfons employed in the colleflion or receipt of any of his Majefty’s revenues, and alfo, the ^balances of all accounts which

before

1S00.

store

iwcou

•f his 5

crreco

15; Inn a be

CirsrC

toivb

ITOTD 21

or eco Udcer atf ib

tiia? r v:h in •romfi is: the

IK.

hi

Sit';

I ,4t

hr;

j f*:i

I

I

;>,,





1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 54.	625

before the paffing of this aft have been declared, according to of accounts the courfe of his Majefty’s exchequer, by the lords commiffioners ^l^4irv of his Majefty’s treafury, or fo much of the faid feveral balances before pairing fo afeertained or declared refpeftively as hath not yet been paid this aft and or recovered to and for the uie of his Majefty; and fo much of not yet paid, any fum now depending before the faid lords commiffioners as and bilances (hall be declared a balance, and (hall not have been paid or dif- j1^ ancTnot charged at the time of fuch declaration, (hall feverally and refpec- paid at the tively bear intereft at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, time of decla-from and after the paffing of this aft until they (hall be duly paid or recovered) the amount of which growing intereft (hall alfo efHYompaf-" be deemed a debt due to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, fing this aft: and (hall and may be fued for and recovered accordingly.	until paid.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no- No furety to thing herein-before contained (hall operate to charge any furety he.<jh

with intereft for delay of payment by the principal debtor, except tT^call^dupon from fuch time only as fuch furety (hall be called upon to anfwer to aniwtr tor for the default of the principal.	default of the

IX.	And, for the better enabling the faid commiffioners for auditing principal.

the publick accounts to afeertain what fums of money have been or The commif-tnay be hereofur paid into the receipt of his Majejly s exchequer, by 3^^ ^°th» publick accountants, in or towards the difeharge of balances which pubLckfac-'" have been or may hereafter be declared to be due to his Majejly, his counts to heirs or fucceffors; be it hereby further enafted. That the faid tranfmit to commiffioners (hall, within feven days after every declaration of ^che^uer accounts, tranfmit to the auditor of the receipt of the exchequer, a fchedule of for the information of the tellers of the faid exchequer, a fchedule the fums de-or account, fpecifying the fums declared to be due upon fuch clared to be declaration of accounts, and the names of the perfons from fbec,naa^g 0f whom the faid fums are declared to be due refpeftively; and the tj^ debtors, faid auditor (hall, within feven days after the four ufual quarterly and he fliall days of payment, in every year, tranfmit to the faid commiffi- quarterly oners an account of all monies paid into the exchequer, within tran^rTl1^tothc the preceding quarter, by or on behalf of the feveral perfons an^ccount6^ whofe names have been fo tranfmitted to him as herein-before of the monies direfted.	paid in by or

X.	And be it further enafted, That when any re-payments °" beha!f of (hall be made by fub-accountants to the paymafter general of his the Part,e8# Majcfty’s forces, the treafurer of the navy, the treafurer of the Accounts of ordnance, or to any other principal accountant, of any fums of byPfu^ac-3 money which (hall have beeniffued by fuch principal accountants countants to to the fub-accountants refpeftively, accounts of fuch re-pay- principal ac-ments, for the fix months preceding, (hall be tranfmitted tothe (habb^tranf commiffioners for auditing publick accounts, on the fifth day of

January and the fifth day of July in every year, by the principal commiffioners accountants, and that the principal officers of the ordnance, the for auditing commiffioners of his Majefty’s navy, the commiffioners for accoulus^ viftualling his Majefty’s navy, and the commiffioners for fick half-yearly, and hurt, (ball, on the fame days, in each year, tranfmit to the and rhe prin-faid commiffioners for auditing the publick. accounts, an account cipal officers

882	forot the ord-

nance, &c.

. 

6i6

/hall tranfmit to them half-yearly accounts of all imprefts cleared by them. The treafury to allow inte-reft upon fums amounting to 5001. and upwards, afcertained or declared to be due to publick accountants, till the whole be difcharged.

The commif-fioners of cuf-toms and ex-cife, for ftamps, and for taxes, the poltmafter general, and the principal officers employed in any other branch of the revenue, lhall proceed to recover all balances due from perfons employed under them.

The com mif-fioners for auditing the publick accounts and the

Anno regni quadragdimo Georgii III. c. 54. [1800.

for the fix months preceding* of ail imprefts cleared by them for money ifliied to any fub-accounrants.

XI.	And whereas it is juft and reafonable that interefl Jbould bt allowed to publick accountants for monies advanced by them for the publick fervice, and remaining due to them upon the balance of their accounts, not being accounts current \ be it therefore ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for the lords commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, and they are hereby required, to allow and dire& intereft to be paid, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, upon every fum of money amounting to five hundred pounds and upwards, which hath already been, or hereafter (hall be fo afcertained or declared as aforefaid, to be due upon the balance of fuch accounts from the publick to anv perfon or perfons whatever; fiich intereft, in refpedt of fuel) fums as have been already fo afcertained or declared as aforefaid, to commence at and be computed from the palling of this adt; and in refpeft of fuch fums as (hall hereafter be fo afcertained or declared as aforefaid, to commence at and be computed from the time of the complete delivery of fuch accounts into the office for auditing the publick accounts, which faid intereft (ball in every cafe continue to grow due, and be payable in refpedt of the faid prin* cipal fums of money, until the faid principal fums and every part thereof (hall be fully fatisfied and difcharged.

XII.	And whereas it is expedient to provide more efftfluady for compelling the payment of balances which are or may become due fro* j publick accountants; be it therefore further enadted, That, from and after the paffing of this a<5t, the commiffioners of the cuftoms and excife in England and Scotland refpe&ively, and the commit fioners for ftamps, and for the affairs of taxes, and alfo his Majefty’s poftmafter general, and the principal officer or officers employed in the collection and management of any other branch of his Majefty’s revenue?, (hall and they are hereby feveraiiy required forthwith to proceed with all due diligence, by legal procefs or other lawful ways and means, to recover all balances and fums of money which have been afcertained to be due and now remain due to his Majefty from any perfon or perfons heretofore employed in the collcdion or receipt of any of his Majefty’s revenues under the management of fuch feveral commiffioners and officers refpedtivcly ; and fo from time to time, when and fo foon as any balance or fum of money (hall be afcertained

to be due for principal and intereft, or either of them, to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, from any perfon dying or going out of office, who now is or (hall hereafter be employed in the colle&ion or receipt of any of his Majefty’s revenues under the management of fuch feveral commiffioners and officers re-fpedtively.

XIII.	And be it further enatfted. That, from and after the paffing of this a<ft, the faid commiffioners for auditing the pub-lick accounts, and the auditors of the land revenue of the crown, lhall, and they are hereby feveraiiy required forthwith to proceed

 

,i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 54.	627

with all due diligence, by legal procefs or other lawful ways auditors of and means, to recover all balances and fums of money which have been heretofore declared to be due to his Majefty, and now proceed tore-remain due, (except balances due on accounts current), and fo cover balances from time to time when and fo often as any account of the now due, and receipt or expenditure of publick money, which fhall have been of ^ub" audited by the faid commiffioners and auditors above-mentioned, j;ck money fhall be declared to be due for principal and intereft, or either of audited by them, (except in the cafe of accounts current), the faid commif- them (hall be fioners and auditors fhall without delay caufe the fame to be re- ^ue^th^ foal? corded in the offices of his Majefty’s remembrancer, of the lord requirethe treafurer’s remembrancer, and of the clerk of the pipe; and (hall parties to pay thereupon, by notice in writing, require the parties indebted the balances upon inch declared accounts, or their representatives, to pay the ^ amount of the balances due from them into the receipt of the ^ three * exchequer within three months from receiving fuch notice ; and months, and in cafe the faid balances (hal! not be paid, and legal proof of fuch not paid, payment be not exhibited to the faid commiflioners andauditors, Recover the within the faid three months, they the faid cummilfioners and money. auditors refpe&ively are hereby required to proceed forthwith with all due diligence, by legal procefs or other lawful ways and means to recover the faid balances and fums of money in which the faid parties or their reprefentatives ftand indebted.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no- This aft not

thing herein-before contained, fhall extend to prevent any charge topreventany of intereft on any accountant, on the ground of any fpecial cir-	tkc

cumftances on which fuch accountant might have been charged ground of any with intereft if this adt had not palled.	circuraftances

on which it

might have been charged before this a<ft.

XV.	Provided alfo neverthelefs, and be it further enadfed, Not to That nothing herein contained fhall extend to abridge or alter

the rights and powers of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflorr, to Majefty to** controul, fufpend, or prevent the execution of any procefs or controul, fuf-proceeding under this adt, or otherwife, for recovering fuch pend, or prebalances or monies, or any part thereof*, but that all fuch rights the exe-and powers fhall remain in full force and eftedf, fo far as by law proc^fsfor^re-they now exift ; any thing herein-before contained to the con- covering ba-trary notwithftanding.	lances, &c.

XVI.	And be it further enaded. That the lords commiflioners The treafury of his Majefty’s treafury fhall caufe to be laid before both houfes (hall caufe to of parliament, within fourteen days after the commencement of p^i^^nt every feffion, a lift of the publick accountants, in refpedl of within 14 * whom the execution of any procefs or proceeding under this days after the ad, or otherwife, for recovering any balances fo ascertained or cotnmence-declared to be due from them for principal or intereft, or any

part thereof, hath been controuled, fufpended, or prevented by 0f pUbliCk. the authority of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, within one accountants year preceding the commencement of fuch feffion, fpecifying in in refpc& of fuch lift the amount of the balances originally afeertained or de-dared to be due from fuch perfons refpedively, and the feveralprocefs hath 7

s s



fums been con-

628' Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III, c. 55. [1800,. trouled, fuf- fums ftil] remaining due from them, and the caufes for which rL* execution of fuch procefs or proceeding has been controuled,

prcVcIUvU Oy r r < i	•	®

authority of Impended, or prevented, hie Majefty within the preceding year.

CAP. LV.

An aft to amend fo much of an aft, made in the laft feffion of parliament > for the augmentation of the falaries of the judges of the courts - in Wefttninfter Hall, and alfo of the lords of fefft:n, lords com-miffwners of judiciary, and barons of exchequer in Scotland, as relates to the falaries of the judges of the courts offeffion, juficiarj, and exchequer in Scotland.—[June 20, 1800.J

Preamble. 39 Geo. 3. c. no.

The falaries herein fpe-cified, to be paid to the judges of the courts of feflion, jufticiary, and exchequer, out of tbofe revenues which were appropriated for fupporting

courts, by the afts of 7 and so Anne.

Salaries to be payable quarterly.

WHEREAS doubts have arifen upon the conjlruftm of an obi, made in the lajl bffwn of parliament, intituled. An aft for the augmentation of the falaries of the judges" in the courts in Wejlminjler Hall\ and alfo of the lords of felTion, lords com-miflioners of judiciary, and barons of exchequer in Scotland \ and for enabling his Majefty to grant annuities toperfonsin certain offices in the faid courts of IVcfin.infer Hall, on their refignation of their refpediive offices ; fo far as relates to the lord prefidetit of the court of fejfion, the lord chief baron, the lord jujlice clerk, the lords of fejfion, lords commijfoners of jufticiary, and barons of exchequer in Scotland; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it cna&ed by the King's moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the * lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the pafting of this aft, there fhall be iflued, paid, and applied in every year, out of the monies that fhall arifefrom any of the duties and revenues in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which, by feveral adk made in the feventh and tenth years of the reign of Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable with the payment of the fees, falaries, and other charges allowed, or to be allowed by her Majefty, her heirs or fucceflors, for keeping up the courts of feflion, jufticiary, and exchequer in Scotland, to the judges after mentioned, fo much money as will make up their refpedlive falaries to the annual fums herein-after mentioned; videlicet, To the lord prefidentof the court of feffion three thoufand pounds; to each of the other lords of feflion, who is not lord juftice clerk, or a lord commif-fioner of jufticiary, one thoufand two hundred pounds 5 to the lord juftice clerk, two thoufand four hundred pounds; to each of the other lords of feffion, who are lords com miflioners of jufticiary, one thoufand (even hundred pounds ; to the lord chief baron of the court of e^hequer, three thoufand pounds; and to each of the other barons of the court of exchequer, one thoufand two hundred pounds; which faid Aims of money, to be iflued in purfuance of this a<ft, (hall from time to time, from thenceforth, be payable and paid quarterly, clear from all taxes and deduftions whatever; the firft payment to be made on the fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred*

CAP.

' >ogIe

 '

i8oo.j Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii Ilf. c. 56.	629

CAP. LVI.

An aft for relief of perfons entitled to entailed efiates to he pur chafed with truft monies.—[June 20, 1800. J

WHEREAS by the practice of courts of equity, in cafes in which Preamble.

money under the controul of fuch courts is fubjeft to be laid out in the purchafe of lands, to be limited to ufes capable of being barred by fine, the fatacourts dir eftfuch money to be paid to the party or parties who could by fine bar the ufes to which fuch lands, in cafe the fame had been pur chafed^ would have been limited^ and do not require or compel the aftual invejlment of fuch monies in the purchafe of lands, notwithfianding other perfons might take efiates or interejls therein, if the fame were pur chafed^ and be entitled to hold fuch efiates or interefis until fuch fine was aftually levied: and whereas neverthe-/(/}, where money under the controul of the faid courts is fubjeft to be invefied in the purchafe of lands, to be limited to ufes not capable of being barred by fine, but capable of being barred by recovery, the faid courts, according to the praftice thereof refufe to dire ft the fame to be paid to the party or parties who, in cafe fuch lands had been pur-chafed, could by recovery have barred all the ufes to which the fame would have beeA limited,, and require and compel the aftual invejlment offuch monies in a purchafe or pur chafes of fome lands $ andfuch lafi mentioned practice is attended with great inconvenience and expence to the party or parties who by a recovery could bar the ufes to which fuch lands are to be limited when pur chafed^ and the interefi and benefit of others\ who might take efiates barrable by fuch recovery when fuffere f is not according to fuch lafi mentioned practice materially promoted or fecuredy and it may therefore be expedient to alter fuch practice: and whereas it may alfo be expedient to provide fome fatisfactory and fum-mary proceedings whereby truftees pojfejfed of money fubjeft to be laid out in landsy may be required in proper cafes to pay fuch money to the parties entitled, and under this aft to become entitled to receive the fame: be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in parliamentaflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of this Where mo-aft, in all cafes where money, under the controul of any court	hc

of equity, or of or to which any individuals as truftees are pof- chancery? feffed or entitled, (hall be fubjeft to be invefted in the purchafe &c. Ihall be of freehold or copyhold hereditaments, or both, to be fettled fubjeft to be upon any perfon or perfons in fuch manner that it would be	r

competent in cafe fuch money had been invefted in the purchafe premifes,tobe of real eftates, for the perfon or perfons who would be the tenant fettled in fuch or tenants of the firft eftate or eftates tail therein, either alone or manner that together, with the perfon or perfons who would be the owner orlt would he owners of the particular preceding eftate or eftates therein, ifbalTeftates ° any, by deed, fine, or common recovery, or any of them, or tail and re-other lawful aft, in the cafe of freehold hereditaments, or by mainders, it furrender and recovery, or either of them, or other lawful aft, in the cafe of copyhold hereditaments, to bar the firft eftate or £Jh 0

S S4	Digitized £ftatCS ®on«y M-

630 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 57, 58. [1800.

tually invert- eftates tail, and the rights and intercrts of all perfons in remain- ! cour^of chan ^ r’ lt not necc^ary 10 haye fuch money aftually inverted eery, oi/peti- m ^anc^s or hereditaments, in order that fuch eftates tail and tion of the remainders over may be fo barred ; but that it lhall and maybe parties, may lawful to and for the high court of chancery, or fuch court of Glone ^to'be ecJu^y un<^er t^le controul of which fuch money (hall be, and in patcUo them, ca^e °f truftccs* t0 at*d fc>r fhe faid high court of chancery, or applied as’ in a fummary way, upon petition of the perfon or perfons who they lhall ap- \vould be tenant or tenants of the firft eftate or firft eftates tail, point.	and 0f perfon'or perfons who would be the owner or owners

of the antecedent particular eftate or eftates, if any, in the lands and hereditaments in cafe the fame were purchafed, fuch petitioners being adults, and in cafe where any of the parties are or is femes covert or a feme covert, they, (he, or they being firft feparately examined in court, or upon a commiffion, and con-fenting, to order the monies fubjccied to fuc h trufts to be paid to the petitioners or any of them, or to be paid and applied in fuch manner and for fuch purpofes as the petitioners {hall appoint and the court (hall approve of. fuch^onc^	And	it	further	enabled,	That	in	all	cafes	where monies j

may ^°tranf- fubjefted to be laid out in the purchase of hereditaments to be ferred under fetrlcd as aforefaid, fhall happen to be inverted in government or an order of real or other fecurities, all fuch fecuritics (hall, for the purpofes the court of Qf th;s avc^ COnfidcred as money, ai:d fliall and may accord-eery, c. ingly be transferred, artigned, and difpofed of, under an order j of the refpeftive courts aforefaid, made in a fummary way upon the petition of fuch perfons, and with fuch examination and con-,	fent, where neccllary, as aforefaid, in fuch and the fame manner

as monies fubjefted to be laid out in thje pu'chafe of hereditaments, to be fettled as aforefaid, are herein-before authorifed to be paid, applied, and difpofed of.	!

CAP. LVII.

An a<ft for enabling the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland to advance fo the lord provoll and magistrates of the city of Edinburgh, for the purpofe of computing the improvements of the harbour of Leith, a certain fum, being part of the money which by an ad of the laft feflion of parliament was dire<5ted to be paid into the fud court of exchequer by the proprietors of the Forth and Clyde navigation.— [June 20,1800.]

CAP. LVIIT. .

An aft for further continuing and amending an aft, made in the hfl fejfton of parliament, for enabling bis Majcjiy to prohibit the exjwr* tation and permit the importation of corn \ and for allowing the importation of other articles of provifm without payment of duty.

—[June 30, 1800.J

Preamble. '1X7HEREAS an aft was paffed in the thirty-ninth year of the 39 Geo. 3. V V reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled. An aft for enabling c. 87, recited, his Majefty to prohibit the exportation and permit the importation of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles

 v^ooQle

1

i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 59,	631

of provifion without payment of duty, to continue in force until fix weeks from the commencement of the next feflion of parliament : which aft was further continued by an at1 pajjed in the fecond Jeff on of the thirty-ninth year of his Majefly's reign, until the thirtieth day of September one thoufand eight hundred: and whereas it is expedient that the faid aft Jhould be further continued for a limited time: ,be it therefore enacted by the King’s molt excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and further and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alfern-continued till bled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid acl (hall the^com-^ be, and the fame is hereby further continued until the expiration mencementof of forty days after the commencement of the next feifion of the next fef-parliament.	lion-

II.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if any Corn, &c. corn or other articles as aforefaid (hall be imported into this kingdom fubfequent to the period fixed by any order in council tr^ although" made in purfuance of the faid a& for the importation of com imported and other articles as aforefaid free of duty, fuch corn or other fubfequent articles (hall be admitted to an entry in like manner as if they had arrived before the expiration of the faid period; provided ^erincoun-proof (hall be made to the fatisfa&ion of the lords of his Majefty’s cii, proof moft honourable privy council, that the (hip or veflil on board being made of which refpedlively fuch corn or other articles (hall be fo im- fhat the veflel ported, did actually and bond fide fet fail for Great Britain, at	C

luch time that they might in the ordinary courfe of their voyage the t’me of have arrived in Great Britain before the expiration of the faid her failing, period.	might have

n a t>	t tv	arrived before

L, A r.	La A.	the faid pe-

An aft to remove doubts arifing from the confruftion of an aft, made ri°d* in the thirty-ninth year of his prefent Alajefly's reign, intituled,

An a& for permitting certain goods imported from the Eafi Indies to be warehoufed, and for repealing the duties now payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof.—

[June 30, 1800,]

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the thirty-ninth year of the Preamble.

reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An a£t for permitting 39 Geo. \% certain goods imported from the Eafi Indies to be warehoufed, c* 59* and for repealing the duties now payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof; fome of the duties for or in refpeft of certain goods imported fro?n the Eaft Indies, by the united company of merchants trading to the Eaft Indies, are repealed, and certain new and additional duties of cufoms are tmpofed for and in refpeft of fuch goods: and whereas doubts may arife whether the duties of excife by the laws in force immediately before the paffing of the faid afty im-pofed for or in refpeft of fpirits, wine, gtafs> cocoa nuts, and coffee, refpeftively imported by the faid united company from the Eaft Inaie9, are not by the faid recited aft repealed; be it declared and enadied by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the

The duties of excife on fpirits, wine, glafs, cocoa nuts, and coffee, imported by the Baft India company, not repealed or altered by the recited aft.

Anno regni quadragefimo Geoiujii III. c* 6o. [1800.

fame, T hat neither the faid aft of the thirty-ninth year of his Majefty’s reign, nor any claufe, matter, or thing therein contained, was intended to extend, nor did nor doth extend, nor (hall be deemed or conftrued to extend, or to have extended, to repeal or alter any or either of the duties of excife which were by any or either of the Jaws in force immediately before the palling of the faid aft of the thirty-ninth year of nis Majefty’s reign, impofed for or in refpeft of fpirits, wine, glafs, cocoa nuts, and coffee refpeftively, or any or either of them, imported by the faid united company from the Eafl Indies $ and that all arid Angular the duties of excife which were impofed by any or either of the laws in force immediately before the paffing of the faid aft of the thirty-ninth year of his Majefty’s reign, for or in refpeft of fpirits, wine, glafs, cocoa nuts, and coffee refpeftively, of any or either of them, imported by the faid united company from the Eajl Indies fince the paffing of the faid aft of the thirty-ninth year of his Majefty’s reign, remained and continued, and ftill remain and continue in force, as the fame refpeftively were immediately before the making of the faid lad-mentioned aft; any thing in the faid aft contained to the contrary in anywife not*

withftanding

CAP. LX.

An aft to lejfen the duties on wine and fpirits the produce of the Britiih fettlement of the Cape of Good Hope; and to empower the importers to land the fame before payment of the duties of excifef and to lodge the fame in warehoufes; and to allow the fame to be flipped free of duty as Jlores, to be confumed on board merchants flips on their voyages.—[June 30, i860.]

Preamble. TTZHEREAS the cajlle^ Jown^ and fettlement of the Cape of VV Good Hope, with the territories and dependencies thereof are now in the pojfeffion of his Majefiy; and for the encouragement of the trade and commerce to and from the fame> it is expedient to lejfen the duties payable on the importation of wine and fpirits, tbe produce of the faid jeltlement> or the territories or dependencies thereof and to make fuch provijions as are herein-after mentioned: be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aiTembled, and by the From July 5, authority of the fame. That no wine of the.produce of the Pritijb tSoo, wine of fettlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or the territories or depen-Goc^lfoe ^enc*es thereof, and which, from and after the fifth day of July imported into one thoufand eight hundred, (hall-be imported into the kingdom Great Britain, of Great Britain, (hall be fubjeft or liable to any greater or to be liable to higher duty or duties, but the fame (hall be fubjeft and liable to ties^and the ^ame or	duties	as	are by law impofed for or in refpeft

lame draw- °f Portugal wine imported into this kingdom ; and upon the ex-back to be portation of any fuch wine, of the produce of the faid fettlement, allowed on territories, or dependencies, and for or in refpeft whereof the as^Portu^al* duties by this aft direfted (hall have been paid, and which (hall wine^ 61 be ex ported, as merchandife to any port or place beyond thefeas,

 )og!e

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 60.	633

there Hull be paid and allowed the fame or the like drawback and drawbacks as are by law directed to be paid or allowed for or in refpedt of Portugal wine exported from Great Britain as merchandize to fuch port or place, any acfts or a<ft of parliament to the contrary in anywife notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further ena<fted, That the duties by this a<5t pay- A drawback able for or in refpe& of wine of the produce of the faid fettlement °ftj,e duties of the Cape of Good Hope, or the territories or dependencies there- vdne for ^ of, (ball be allowed for or in refpeft of fuch wine intended for tj,e coufump* the ufe of admirals, captains, or other committioned officers tion of naval employed in his Majefty’s fervice, for their adtual confumpnon officers on on board fuch of his Majefty’s (hips as they (hall refpe&ively ^gY4m!tted ferve, in like manner and under the like provifions, conditions, by 33 Geo. 3. and reftridtions, as a drawback of the former duties paid on the c. 4.8. and importation of wines into Great Britain are directed to be allowed 35 Geo. 3. by an adt, palled in the thirtyrthird year of the reign of his pre- c*I0#

fent Majefty, intituled, An aft to allow the drawback of the duties of tufloms and exeije upon wines confumed by admirals, cat) tains, and other commijfioned officers on board Jhips of war in actual fervice, and to allow fuch fhips to be fupplied with tobacco duty free; or by another adt, patted in the thirty-fifth year of the reign aforefaid, intituled. An aSt for granting to bis Majejly additional duties of excife on foreign wines and fiueets.

III.	And be it further enadted, That no fpirits of the produce Spirits of the

of the faid fettlement, territories, or dependencies, and which 9aPe t0 ^ (hall, from and after the faid fifth day of July one thoufand eight duties hundred, be imported diredtly from thence into this kingdom, on importa-fhall he fubjedfc or liable to any greater or higher duty or duties tion, and the of cuftoms or excife, but the fame (hall be fubjedf and liable to fame draw-the fame or the like duties of cuftoms and excife, as are or (hall ^owedon^x-be by law impofed for or in refpect of rum or fpirits of the portation, as growth, produce, and manufacture of the Britijh fugar plantations fpirits of the in the IVeJl Indies, imported into this kingdom diredlly from the Britiih Weft faid fugar plantations 5 and upon the exportation of any fuch	,pIanU*

fpirits of the produce of the faid fettlement, territories, or de-	*

pendencies, and for or in refpedt whereof the duties of cuftoms

by this adt dire&ed (hall have been paid, and which (hall be exported as merchandize to foreign parts, there (hall be paid and allowed a drawback of fuch cuftoms duty, any adt or adts of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV,	And be it further enadted, That the duties of excife by a°d the duties this adt directed for or in refpedt of fpirits imported diredtly from ^hereon^ni-the faid fettlement, territories, or dependencies, may be bonded be^nded^in and fecured, and (hall be paid and payable in fuch manner only, the fame

and under fuch regulations and reftridtions as the duties of excife manner, impofed for or in refpedt of fpirits, being of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the Britijb fugar plantations in the IVeJl Indies may be now bonded and fecured, and are by law paid and payable.

V,	And be it further ena£ted. That all and Angular the rules, Regulation! regulations, reftridtions, provifions, claufes, matters, and things, rSI(n^^*‘

Digitiz*	of	the Briti/h

634 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 60. [1800.

Weft India which in or by any a# or afts of parliament now in force, are Laapp?iedSto0 conra‘ne^’ provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, for or in'refpe&of fpirits from the importing rum or fpirits of the growth, produce, and manu-tbeCape* failure of the Britijh fugar plantations in the Weji Indies, or landing the fame before payment of the duties of excife, or lodging or fecuring the fame in warehoufes for that purpofe provided, upon the proprietor or importer giving bond as therein required ; and all and fingular the fines, penalties, and forfeitures for or in refpcft thereof (hall be ufed, applied, pra&ifed, and put in execution for or in refpeft of fpirits imported dire&ly from . the faid fettlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or the territories or dependencies thereof, as fully and effe&ually to all intents and purpofes as if all and every the faid rules, regulations, reftric-tions, provifions, fines, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-enafted in this prefent adt.

and the duties VI. And be jt further enacted, That the duties of excife and on afipphig cuftoms by this aft directed for or in refpeft of fpirits imported thereof to be from fhe faid fettlement, territories, or dependencies, (hall be confumed^in allowed on the (hipping thereof as (lores, to be fpent and con-voyages as tor fumcd on board in any voyage to parts beyond the feas, in the fpirits*0 ia ^ame manner as t^e faid duties impofed for or in refpeft of rum 1	‘	or fpirits of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the Britijh

fugar plantations in the iVefl Indies, imported into this kingdom direftly from the faid fugar plantations, are by law directed to be allowed.

Wine and VII. And be it further enabled, That all wine and fpirits of Ca^^cori C produce of the faid fettlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or demned as the territories or dependencies thereof, which (hall be taken and prize and condemned as prize, and fold by the caprofs or their agents, taken out of an(j taken out of any warehoufe, wherein the fame (hall have houtefor been fecured, to be confirmed in this kingdom, in purfuance of home con- an a& pafled in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent fumption to Majefty, intituled. An aci for the relief of the captdrs of prizes, with be fubjeft to refpefl to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom, th fetTb Cthis"	fabjeft and liable to the duties of cuftoms and excife by

y this aft impofed, or direcled to be paid for or in refpeft of wine or fpirits refpeftively the produce of the faid fettlement, territories, or dependencies, imported ; and fuch duties (hall be paid and payable by fuchperfons, and in fuch manner as the former duties, by the faid aft of the thirty-third year aforefaid impofed, are payable by law.

Tke duties VIII. And be it further enabled, That the duties of cuftoms CUKi°mdrt PayaWe under or by virtue of this aft, for or in refpeft of wine thwaft andCr°r faints refpeftively, the produce of the faid fettlement of the the drawbacks Cape of Good Hope, or the territories or dependencies thereof, allowed to be (hall be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied, collefted, an-*PanaSed as fwered, and paid in fuch and the like manner, and in or by any arnTdraw^ ^8 or ^dier of the means, ways, or methods by which the former backs, &c. duties of cuftoms for or in refpeft of fuch wines and fpirits refpec-tively were or ought to be managed, afeertained, raifed, levied,

collected,

1

I

r

1

t

!

I

i

1





1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 60.	635

collected, anfwered, and paid ; and the drawbacks of cuftoms payable or allowable under or by virtue of this ad, for or in refped of any fuch wine or fpirits refpedively, exported as merchandize, (hall be paid or allowed in fuch and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the means, ways, or methods by which the former drawbacks of the cuftoms for and in refped of fuch wines or fpirits refpedively exported as merchandize, were or ought to be paid or allowed ; and that all fuch wine and fpirits refpedively, for or in refped whereof any duty of cuftoms is by this ad impofed or made payable, or for or in refped whereof any drawback of cuftoms is by this act directed to be paid or allowed, (hall be, and fuch wine and fpirits refpedively are hereby made fubjed and liable to all and every the conditions, rules, regulations, reftridions, provifions, and forfeitures refpedively to which goods, wares, or merchandize in general were fubiect and liable by any ad or ads of parliament in force immediately before the faid fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred, re-fpeding the revenue of cuftoms \ and all and every fine, penalty, . or forfeiture of any nature or kind whatever, for any offence whatever committed againft or in breach of any ad or ads of parliament in force immediately before the faid fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred, made for fecuring the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the feveral powers, diredions, claufes, matters, and things therein contained (unlefs where exprefsly altered by this ad), (hall and the fame are hereby refpedively directed and declared to extend to, and the fame fhall refpedively be applied, pradifed, and put in execution for and in refped of the feveral duties of cuftoms by this ad impofed or direded to be paid, and drawbacks of duties of cuftoms by this ad granted, or direded to be paid or allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and pur-pofes whatever, as if all and every the faid ads, claufes, condi-ditions, rules, regulations, reftridions, provifions, powers, diredions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures refpedively, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this ad.*

IX. And be it further enaded. That fuch of the duties of Duties to be cuftoms as fhall arife, or become payable in that part of Great under the Britain called England, under or by virtue of this ad, for or in refped of wine or fpirits refpedively, the produce of the faid miffioners of fettlement of the Cape of Good Hopg, or' the territories or depen- cuftoms and dencies thereof, fhall be under the management of the commif- e.xc,fc refpec-fioners of the cuftoms in England for the time being, and fuch tlve thereof as fhall arife or become payable in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall be under the management of the commiflioners of the cuftoms in Scotland for the time being; and that fuch of the duties of exdfe as fhall arife or become payable in that part of Great Britain called England., under or by virtue of this ad, for or in refped of wine or fpirits refpedively the produce of the faid fettlement, or the territories or dependencies thereof, fhall be under the management of the commif-fioners of excifc ia England for the time being,.and fud) thereof

 

636

The duties of excite and drawbacks to be fubjett to the regulations relpe cling wines and fpirits.

li Car. a.

c. 14. and all other afts relating to the excite, to extend to this ad.

Duties under this ad howto be applied.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georg 11 III. c. 60. [1800.

as (hall arife or become payable in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall be under the management of the commif-fioners of excife in Scotland for the time being.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the (aid duties of excife refpeftively (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, under and fubjeft to the rules, regulations, reftriftions, provifions, (except where any alteration therein is exprefsly made by this ad), fines, penalties, and forfeitures, which, in or by any aft or adls of parliament in force at the time of pafling this aft, are contained, provided, fettled, or eftablifhed for or in refpeft of any of the duties on foreign wine and fpirits refpeftively, or for detecting or punifhing frauds relating thereto, and the drawbacks of excife by this aft directed to be paid or allowed for or in refpeft of any fuch wine, (hall be paid and allowed, under and fubjeft to the rules, regulations, reftriftions and provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, which, in or by any aft or afts of parliament in force immediately before the pafling of this aft, are contained, provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, for or in refpeft of the allowance or payment of the excife drawbacks of the duties on wines; and the (aid rules, regulations, reftriftions, a*id provifions, (hall, and the fame refpeftively are hereby declared to be and remain in full force and effeft, and (hall be ufed, applied, and pat in execution for the purpofes of fuch duties and drawbacks of excife as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes as if the faid rules, regulations, reftriftions, and provifions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enafted in this prefent aft.

XI.	And be it further enafted, That all and every the powers, direftions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, which, in and by an aft, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and bj knights fervice and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon hit Adajejly in lieie thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majefty’s revenue of excife, upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided or eftablilhed for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than and in fuch cafes for which other penalties or provifions are made and preferibed by this aft), (hall be ufed, praftifed, and put in execution in and for the managing, raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the duties of excife by this aft impofed or directed to be paid, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if all and every the faid powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-enafted in this prefent aft.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That the feveral duties by this act impofed or directed to be paid, (hall be appropriated and applied in like manner as the duties refpeftively by this aft repealed or leffened were, by the former laws relating thereto

refpec-

Ifc

reff

this

h

ci

ol

la

Sot

■*d

Ik*

A

h

, h i &

1 /iff!

j jtfl

1 aw

I Kt

ti:

k

ini

ict

to

|

h

k

•}-

V,

r.f

i-

cr

i«

i w I „





1800.] Anno.regni quadragefimo Georoii III. c. 61,62.	637

refpeftively in force immediately before the commencement of this aft, appropriated and applied.

CAP. LJfT.

An aft to revive and continue, until the firft day of July one thoufmd eight hundred and one* fuch part of an ad, made in the prefent ft 1 lion of Parliament, for reducing the duties upon fpiiits diftilled from inclines or fugar, or any mixture therewith, and for oth*r ptirpofes, as relates to the duties on wort or wadi brewed or made from melafles or fugar.—-[June 30, 1800.]

So much of aft 40 Geo. 3. c. 8. as relates to the duties on wort or wnlh made from mclafles or fugar or to any diftillfcr of fpirits (hall from June 1,

1800, be revived and continued until July x, 1801.

CAP. LX1T.

Ah aft to allow, for nine months after the pajjing of the aft, the ufe offugar in the brewing of beer.—[June 30, 1800.]

WHEREAS by feveral afts now in force, common brewers or Preamble.

retailers of beer or ale are prohibited from ufmg fugar in the brewing or making of beer or ale: and whereas it is expedient to allow the ufe of fugar in the brewing or making of beer or ale for a limited time: be it therefore enafted by the King's mod excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That for the fpace of Common nine months, from and after the pading of this ad, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any fuch common brewer or retailer of	for

beer or ale, to make ufe of fugar in the brewing or making of njne months, any guile, or brewing of beer, ale, or worts; any thing in any make ufe of aft or afts of parliament contained to the contrary in any wife [u£ar.1,1 notwithftanding.	brewmS5

II. Provided neverthelefs, That nothing in this aft contained but fliall not ' (hall extend, or be deemed or confirmed to extend, to allow any	of°

common brewer or rerailer of beer or ale to make u/e of any mjatfes; or melaffes in the brewing or making of beer or ale ; or any fugar, any fugar ex-except in the ftate in which the fame fhall have been imported cept in the into this kingdom, and without the fame having been previoufly ^^,orted* diluted with water or other liquor, or undergone any procefs or 1 manufacture to alter the fame: provided alfo, That no fuch nor unlefs brewer or retailer, or brewers or retailers, fhall be at liberty, or be allowed or permitted to make ufe of any fugar in the brewing jrjven tothe or making of beer, ale, or worts, unlefs he, {he, or they (hail Jxcife officer have given to the officer of excife, under whofe lurvey he, fhe, of the time or they fhall then be, twenty-four hours previous notice of his, andthe1^ her, or their intention fo to make ufe of fuch fugar, and fpecify- wei^-ht of ing in fuch notice the exaft hour and time of his, her, or their fug^r to be beginning to brew or make fuch guile, or brewing of beer, ale, uicd. or worts, and the weight of the fugar to be made ufe of in the brewing or making of fuch fjuile.

III. And be it further enafted, That if any common brewer If any corner retailer of beer or ale fhall, after the palling of this aft, make T1011 brewer,

1	r	o	r	See. make ufe

uie of<aify other

 Vjv	•

63S

tlian brown or mufcovado fu^ar, or

take into his poIlelTion more than lolb. of me-lafies, honey, &c. he fh.ili forfeit aool.

Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 63. [1800.

ufe of any mehfles, fugar, honey, fyrup, compofition, or extra# of fugar, except brown or mufcovado fugar made ufe or in the manner herein-befote allowed, or if any common brewer (hall receive or take into his, her, or their cuftody or poffeffion, any quantity of melafles, honey, fyrup, compofition, or extra# of fugar, exceeding ten pounds weight, every fuch brewer and retailer fhall forfeit and Jofe for every fuch offence refpeclivdy the fum of two hundred pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures impofed by this aft, fhall be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at fVeflmirJlery or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpeftively; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall inform, difeover, or fue for the fame.

if:

CAP. LXIII.

Jn aft far repealing part of the duties and drawbacks of cujloms cn kid Jkins imported, and the exemption of imported kid/kinsfrom excift duty on being drejfcd in Great Britain.—[June 30, 1800.]

Preamble.

From Aug. 1, iSoo, 8s 4d. part of the duty of cuf-toms on kid (kins impofed by 27 Geo. 3. c. 13. and is. 9d. p*rt of the drawback allowed thereon, (hail ceaie.

WHEREAS by an at7 made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, among other things^for repealing the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof certain duties of citfoms and excife are impofedfor and in rejpeft of kid Jkins in the hair imported into or tawed in Great Britain, except Juch kid f ins as paid the full duty on the itnportatim thereof; and by the Jaid aft a certain drawback of the faid duty of cujloms is directed to be paid and allowed on the exportation of fuch kid Jkins imported: and whereas it is expedient to repeal a part of the faid duty -of cujloms and a certain part o f the faid drawback, and to repeal the exemption of the duties of excife on the faid kidJkins 5 be it therefore enaftcd by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day of Augufltm thoufand eight hundred, eight (hillings and four-pence, part of the laid duty of cuftoms impofed by the faid aft of the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, together with the fum of two (hillings and nine-pence, part of the laid drawback of cuftoms granted or allowed by the faid aft, (hall ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, fave and except in ali cafes relating to the recovering, paying, or allowing any arrears thereof, which inay at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto refpeftively, which, (halj have been incurred at any time before or on the faid firft day of Augujl one thoufand eight hundred.

II. And





] iter hi j 'j

3 c

;,t2



i ::r,;

c1)

lSdo.] Anno regni quadragefimo GeoRgii ill. c. 64—66.	639

II, And be it further enacted. That, from and after the faid From Aug. r, firft day of Augujl one thoufand eight hundred, the faid recited exception in the faid aft of the twenty-feventh year of the reign duty of afprefaid fhall be, and the fame is hereby repealed ; and from and excife on kid after the faid firft day of Augujl one thoufand eight hundred, all (kinsrepealed; kid fkin$ imported lhall, on being tawed in Great Britain, beand^that fubjeft and liable to the fame duty of excife as is by the faid aft porteTihall impofed for or in refpeft of fuch Icid fkins tawed in Great Britain, he fubjetf: to as did not fall within the faid recited exception; anything in the: fame duty any aft or afts of parliament to the contrary in any wife not- as ^^clted With (landing.	atVonkid'ikin9

CAP. LXIV.	tawed inGreat

An aft for permitting the free importation of linfeed cakes and cakes in neutral /hips. — [ June 30, 1800.]

W"HEREAS by an aR, pajfed in the thirty-fixth year of his pre- Preamble.

fent Majejlfs reigny intituled\ An act for allowing the im- 36 Geo. 3. porration of arrow root from the Britifl) plantations, and alfo of c- ll3* linfeed cakes and rape cakes from any foreign country, in Bri-fr/6-built (hips, owned, navigated, and regiftered according to law; without payment of duty, it is cnaRed, That it Jhall be lawful to import into Great Britain, in any Britifh Jhip or vcffel> linfeed cakes and rape cakes without payment of duty: and whereas it is expedient further to facilitate the importation of the faid articles, be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the pafling of this Linfeed and ad, until the firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and raPc cakes four, it (hall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain in ^rtedVnany any fhip or veffel whatfoever belonging to the fubjeft or fubjefts neutral veflel, of any fovereign or ftate in amity with his Majefty, linfeed cakes duty free, till and rape cakes without payment of duty, in the fame manner, Jan* x* x8o*> and fubjeft to the fame rules, regulations, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are^ provided in the faid aft refpefting linfeed cakes and rape cakes imported in any Britijh (hip or veflel.

CAP. trXV.

An ad to continue, until the firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and four, fevcral afts relating to the ad million of certain articles of merchandize in neutral (hips, and to the ifluing of orders inxouncil for that purpofe.—[June 30, j8oo*]

A&s 35 Geo. 3. c. 15. 35 Geo. 3. c. So. and 36 Geo. 3. c. 76. continued until Jan. ?, 1804.

CAP. LXVI.

An aft to repeal fo much of an aRy pa fed in the fecond year of King James the Firfi, as prohibit? the ufe of horfe hides in making boots and Jboes: and for better preventing the damaging of raw hides and (kins in the flaying thereof—[June 30, 1800.]

You XLu.	Tt	W^U^^ogle

>

640

Preamble.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 66. [iS<Jo.

7^^’HERE AS	by reafon of the Jkill and improvement of the tan-

1 Jnc. 1. c. 4z. aud

recited.

tiers, curriers, and other perfons concerned in the vmufaRur* ing and dr effing of leather, many hides formerly fuppofed unfit to be ufid in the making of boots and Jhoes are now become ufcful therein; end it is therefore expedient that fo much of an aft paffed in thefecond year of the reign of his majefly King James the Firjl, intituled, An ail concerning tanners, curriers, (hoemakers, and other artificers occupying the cutting of leather, as prohibits cordwaitiers and jhoemakn from putting into any (hoes, boots, bufkins, fart ops, flippers, or pan* tefles, any leather made of horfe hide, Jhould be repealed: and whereas it has been found, that the provifions of the faid recited aft, and aft of another aft paffed in the ninth year of the reign of her rnjijly $ Annae,c. n, Queen Anne, intituled. An a St for laying certain duties upon hides and (kins, tanned, tawed, or drefled, and upon vellum and parchment, for the term of thirty-two years, for profecuting the war, and other her Majefty’s moft neceffary occafions, fo far as relates to preventing the gajhing, cutting, andflawing of hides and Jkins in the flaying thereof, have been inefftftual to enforce the good purpefts thereby intended, in confequence of which great Ioffes arift to the dealers in lea tlx r, and a great thereof e in the price thereof to the publick: and whereas it is become neceffary that fo much of the faid recited alls as relate to the prevention of the cutting and gajhing of hides and Jkins in the flaying thereof Jhould be repealed, and that other and more effeflual provifions Jhould be made inflead thereof: be it therefore enadedby the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con lent of the lords fpirituai and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the

So much of fit fc recited act aa orohi

bits the ute of fame, That, from and after the paffing of this aft, fo much of

horfe hide	fojj	firft	recited	ad	as	prohibits	any	cordwainer	or	(hoemaker

'fc

lU fr°m Putt'ng into any part of any (hoes, boots, bufleins, ftartops, the recited adts flippers, or pantofles, any part of any horfe hide, and alfo fomuch as relates to of the faid recited adls as relates to the preventing the gafhing pjhmg ot an(j cutting of hides and fkins in the flaying thereof, (hall be and mics, icpea - t^e fame are refpe&ively hereby repealed.

Mavors, &c.	And	be it further enadted, 1 hat it {hall be lawful for the

to- appo-nt	mayor, bailiff, or other head officer of every city, town corporate,

proper places borough, or market town, having any fuch head officer, or any cummin two or more ju^ces	or	magiftrates	having	jurif-

r iw^hi !rs?ng didiion to keep the peace within and afling for any city, liberty, an.i proper town corporate, borough, or. market town, where there (hall be Prions to be no fuch head officer as aforefaid; and in cities, liberties, towns ■infpcdors. corporate, boroughs, and market towns, where there are not two fuch magiftrates, then aby two or more fuch juflices of the peace a6\ing for any divifion of any county, riding, (hire, or ftewartry, within or ncareft to which any fuch citv, borough, or market town (hall be fituate, (ball, and be ana they is and are hereby refpe&ively empowered and required within three months after the paffing of this a&, to choofe and appoint fome proper and convenient place or places for the examining and infpeding all the raw hides and (kins of all oxen, bulls, cows, heifers, (leers, or ftirks, calves, hogs, or pigs, (beep, lambs, horte, mares or



v

 v^ooQle

l8oa.] Armoregniquadragefimo Georgii III. c. 66.	641

geldings, killed, flaughtered, or flayed within fuch city, town corporate, borough, or market town, or within fuch diftancc thereof as (hall be afeertained and fixed by the perfon or perfons choofmg and appointing fuch place or places as aforefaid, fo as that fuch difiance (hall, in no cafe, exceed three miles, nor be lefs than two miles from any fuch city, town corporate, borough, or market town; and fuch perfon or perfons as aforefaid fhail alfo appoint proper and convenient days and hours for the infpedlion of hides and (kins in fuch place or places fo appointed as aforefaid ; and (hall caufe ootice thereof, and of the diftance from fuch city, town corporate, borough, or market town, to which the jurisdiction of the infpedtor or infpedtors, appointed in purfuance of this adt to examine and mark raw hides and (kins in any place or places fo appointed as aforefaid, (hall extend, to be put up in legible characters, and in fome confpicuous part of the place or places fo appointed as aforefaid ; and the perfon or perfons appointing fuch place or places as aforefaid (hall alfo at the time of fixing and appointing fuch place or places as aforefaid, or as loon after as the fame can be done, and annually in each year, or oftener if neceflary, appoint fome perfon or perfons of competent fkill to be infpedtor or infpedtors of hides and (kins wiihin fuch city, liberty, borough, or market town, or the refpedlive difiridts thereof; and alfo from time to time to appoint any other infpedtor or infpedtors to fupply any vacancy that may arife by death, removal, or otherwife, of any fuch infpedtor or infpedtors.

III. Provided always, That if any fix or more, or in cafe of any difference of opinion of the majority of the tanners, curriers^ 0f leather fhait or other perfons manufacturing of leather, not being journeymen recommend to or apprentices or perfons working with or for any mafier currier, the perfons or manufacturer of leather for hire, and who (hall be then refiding and carrying on fuch trade or manufacture within fuch city, tpectors, two liberty, borough, or market town, or the diftridt thereof refpcc- proper pa'-tively, and who (hall have refpedtively delivered in writing their f°ns to be ap-refpefjtive names and places of abode, and occupations in fuch on^i^fpeftor6 minufadture of leather as aforefaid, (hall recommend, in writing, (halbbe necef-to the perfon or perfons author!fed by this adt to appoint infpedlors fary, or four of raw hides and (kins, two perfons proper to be appointed in- where two fpedtors in every place where one infpedtor (hall be neceflary, or four perfons proper to be appointed infpedtors as aforefaid, oneor’two where t\Vo infpectors (hall be requifite, then one or two of fuch of them, as perfons fo recommended, as the cafe may require, and no other, the cafe may (hall be appointed to be fuch infpedtor or infpedtors as aforefaid, provided that two or more partners in trade (hall be confidcred aPPoin as one perfon only in'the recommendation of fuch infpedtor or infpedlors: provided alfo, That when any complaint (hall be made 0n c?I°P^in^ by any perfon or perfons interefted or dealing in any raw hides	^

or (kins, in any fuch place or places appointed for the infpedtion any infpedtor, thereof as aforefaid, of any mifeondudt or negledt of duty in any he may be dif-fuch infpedtor as aforefaid, and due proof thereof (hall be made to char|ed and the fatisfadlion of the perfon or perfons authorifed by this adt to po°ntee<[ appoint infpedtors of raw hides and (kins for the city, town cor- room,

T T 2	Digit zeiW@^Ogle

Jf any perfon fli 1)),'after A"? 3, i$co, wmffily or carelt-l vly ;n* jure any hi le Vo as to ren.hr it lefs valuable for making ltather, iyc• and fu *U &e convicted the reof, he ili II pay certain penalties.

Infpe&ors to t\ke roe following

oath.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 66. [1800.

porate, borough, or market town,“Tor which fuch infpeSor as aforefaid fhall adt, then and in every fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for fuch perfon or perfons fo authorifed as aforefaid, and he and they is and are hereby refpectively authorifed and required to diicharge fuch infpedtor from the execution of his office, and to appoint another inspector in like manner as herein-before direfted to rupp!y the vacancy occafioned by fuch removal as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That if any butcher or other ner fo or his or her fervant, (hall, after the firft day of Auguft one thou fund eight hundred, wilfully, negligently,.or carelefsly cut or flaw or gulh tl;e hi ie or (kin of any ox, bull, cow, heifer, ftrer, or ftirk, or of any horfc, mare, colt, or gelding, or of any calf, hog, p g, fheep, or lamb, fo as to occafion any injury to the fame, or render it lefs ufeful and valuable for the purpofe of making leather, or (hall flay any hide of any ox, bull, cow, heifer, fleer, ftirk, or calf below the knee or gambrel, and (hall thereof be convidted before any one or more jufticeor juftices of the peace of the county, city, or town where fuch hide or (kin (hall be found, upon the oath of any infpeftor or in(pe<3ors of raw hides or fkins appointed under this a&, or any other witnefs or wit-nefles, he or (he (hail forfeit and pay for every hide or (kin fo cut, flawed, or gafhed, and for every hide of every ox, bull, cow, heifer, fleer, fliik, or calf fo flayed below the knee or gambrel as aforefaid, the feveral and refpe&ive fines and penalties following: (that is to fay), A fum not exceeding ten {hillings and not lefs than one (hilling, for the raw hide or (kin of every ox, bull, cow, heifer, fleer, or ftirk, fo wilfully or negligently cut, gafhtd, or flawed in the flaying thereof, or that (hall be fo flayed below the knee or gambrel as aforefaid: a fum not exceeding five (hillings nor lefs than fixpence, for the hide or (kin of every calf lo negligently or wilfully cut, gaftied, or flawed in the flaying thereof, or that (hall be fo flayed or taken off below the knee or gambrel as aforefaid : a fum not exceeding five (hillings nor lefs than one (hilling, for the hide or (kin of every horfe, mare, or gelding; and a fum not exceeding fixpence and not lefs than thice-pcnce, for the hide or (kin of every hog, pig, fheep, or lamb, which (hall be fo wilfully, or negligently, or carelefsly damaged by cuts, gafhes, or flaws in the flaying thereof a$ afot chid.

V.	And be it further enabled, That every perfon appointed an infpevdor of hides and (kins under this a£l (hall, before he (hall begin to execute his faid office, take an oath, duly and faithfully to execute the fame, which oath the perfon or perfons appointing fuch infpector is and are hereby authorifed to adminifter, and which oath (hah be in'the words following; that is to fay,

4 T 15, do fwear, That I will-faithfully and diligently execute

JL the office of infpe&or of hides and (kins, according to the true intent and meaning of an a#, paffed in the fortieth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, intituled, Ana^

[Htrt

i

I

L

r

1

t

f:

!,

i

c\

i"

ii ai

pt

j'.i

i;t

:;

•L'

XT

'{

X





l8oo.] Anno regni quadragefirno Georgii III. c. 66.	643

[Here fet forth the title of the	without favour or affeftian,	1

prejudice or malice, to any perfon whomfoever.

So help me GOD.’

And every fuch infpeftor (hall, with all due care, examine and Infpeftors to mark in manner by this aft* direfted, all raw hides and fkins flayed within the diftrift for which he (hall be infpector as afore- ]l5^es an(j to faid; and every fuch infpeftor (hall be entitled to demand and be entitled to take for the examining and marking of the feveral and refpeft! ve certain tees, forts of raw hides and (kins examined and marked by him in purfuance of this aft, the feveral and refpeftive fums following ;

(that is to fay). For the hide of every ox, bull, cow, heifer,

. fteer, or ftirk, horfe, mare, or gelding, the fum of one penny; and for every calf, hog, or pig fkin, the fum of one halfpenny ; and for every (heep or lamb (kin, the fum of one farthing; and any p^fon if any perfon, to whom any fuch raw hide or (kin (hall belong as aforefaid, or any other perfon for him, or any other perfon or m;lv^any raw perfons whomfoever, other than fuch infpeftor or infpeftors as hide he (hall aforefaid, or fome perfon or perfons authorifeiby him or them forfeit aol. in that behalf, (hall (lamp or mark any raw (kin or hide with any ftamp or mark ufually the ft amp or mark of any fuch infpeftor, he or (he (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for any Infpeftors. fuch infpeftor or infpeftors as aforefaid, upon the examining and mrx> ,mP ''fe infpefting of any raw hide or (kin that (hall have been damaged

in the flaying thereof, to impofe fuch penalty for the wilful, care- h?df ofthe lefs, or negligent cutting, galhing, or flawing, of fuch hide or higheft im-(kin, or for the flaying of any hide, contrary to the provifions of PVe.d bv this this aft, not exceeding one half of the hig'neft amount of any f* re penalty impofed by this aft, in refpeft of any fuch damage as ihWvcutting (hall in the opinion of fuch infpeftor or infpeftors be juft and of hides wi*h-reafonable, according to the date of fuch raw hide or fkin, with- out their being out having fuch penalty adjudged by anymagiftrate or juftice of	J'y	H

the peace in purfuance of the provifions of this aft, fubjeft never-	to	[j,e

thclefs to the determination of any arbitrators fummoned in deccr.nina-purfuance of this aft, in cafe the perfon or perfons to whom fuch tl0n ot ar'°i-hide or (kin (hall belong, or any perfon or perfons on his, her, or trators* their behalf, (hall difpr.te the payment of fuch penalty, and give notice in writing of his, her, or their determination of having^ fuch difference of opinion or difpute determined by fuch arbitrators as aforefaid.

VII.	Provided always,That in every cafe where any fuch infpec- If an mfpfc-toror infpeftors as aforefaid (hall deem any fuch perfon or perfons tor (hah deem liable to any higher amount of penalty, in refpeft of the damage

done to any fuch hide or (kin, than fuch half amount as afore- tLnYuch half faid, then and in every fuch cafe, fuch infpeftor or infpeftors amount, he (hall proceed for the recovery thereof by information before any (hall proceed magiftrate or juftice of the peace, in manner by this aft direfted.

VIII.	Provided alfo, That the whole penalty impofed by any formation he-fi;ch infpeftor or infpeftors as aforefaid, in refpeft of any fufti fore a ma^if-

T T 3

644 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii 111. c. 66/ [1800,

Penalty to be damaged hide or (kin, and alfo the whole penalty that (hall be nfrpedtor who ^judged by anY roagiftrate or juftice of the peace, upon the in-flMllimpofeor formation of any infpeftor or infpeftors who (hall have deemed inform for it. it nece/Tary to inform for the fame, in manner herein-before mentioned, (hall go and be paid to the infpeftor or infpeftors, who (hall impofe or inform for any fuch penalties refpeftively a$ aforefaid.

Infpeftors to IX. And be it further enabled. That every fuch infpeftor of provide raw hides and (kins appointed under this aft, (hall provide two Ramps tor different and diftindt ftamps or marks, the one thereof (that is a^herem eS t0 %)* The letter S. to denote good and perfect raw hides and direfted. (kins, and the other thereof, (that is to fay) The letter I), to denote damaged hides or (kins; with the firft of which ftamps or marks he (hall (lamp or mark on or near the tail, every raw hide or (kin that is not damaged in the flaying thereof, and with the latter of which ftamps or marks he (hall (lamp or mark on one of the fore (hanks every raw hide or (kin that is damaged in the flaying thereof, upon being paid the penalty by this aft im-pofed for the wilful, carelefs, or negligent, cutting, gafhing, or flawing of any hide or (kin in the flaying thereof, or for the If penalty or fl3yi0g of any hide, contrary to the provifioris of this aft; and fne hides be * anf P^00 or Pef(ons to whom any fuch damaged hide or Ikin not paid, the fhall belong, (hall refufe to pay the penalty by this aft impofed infpeftor may for cutting, ga(hing, or flawing of raw hides or (kins in the feize and fell flaying thereof, or for any hide not allowed by this aft to be notice be C * ^aYec^ below the gambrel or knee, that (ball be (b flayed as afore-given of hav- iaid, or (hall refufe or negleft to pay the feveral fums of money fng the matter herein-before allowed to be taken for infpefting, examining, and ^ marking, any raw hides or (kins, it (hall be lawful for the ia* arbitrators. fpe&or or jnipeftors who (hall examine any fuch hide or (kin, or for any other infpeftor or infpeftors, forthwith to feize any fuch raw hide or (kin as aforefaid, and unlefs fuch penalty (hall be paid in lefs than forty-eight hours after fuch feizure fo made as aforefaid, or unlefs notice (hall be given by the perfon or perfons to whom fuch hide or (kin (hall belong, or any perfon on his, her, or their behalf, of his, her, or their intention of having fuch hide or (kin produced, and the difpute thereon decided by arbitrators* to be appointed in purfuance of this aft, it (ball be lawful for fuch infpeftor or infpeftors to fell or caufe to be fold the fame, and to retain the penalty by this aft impofed as aforefaid, and every reafonable expence incurred therein, and the ' overplus (if any fuch there be) (hall be returned to the perfon or perfons to whom fuch raw hide or (kin (hall have belonged as aforefaid.

FromAuguft	X. And be it further enafted, That, from and after the

1,	x8oo,ifany	cf Augujl one thoufand eight hundred, if any butcher

any	or otIier Pcrf°n refiding in any city, town corporate, borough, or

^vhere an in- market town, or within the diftrift thereof, for which an infpec-fpeotor has	tor or infpeftors (hall have been appointed as aforefaid, (hall

been yopoint- wilfully negleft or omit to bring any raw hide or (kin belonging bring 10 or her of any ox, bull, cow, heifer, fleer, or dirk, boric, 5	mare,

i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 66.	645

mare, or gelding, calf, hog, pig, fheep, or lamb, by this a<ft an? nw hicJe required to be ftamped or marked, to fome place appointed in purfuance of this a<51, in fueh city, town corporate, borough, or mirkerl, or market town, for the examining and mfpcdling raw hides and dial! remove lkins, within the hours preferibed for that purpofe; or if any therefrom any butcher or other perfon (hall remove or take* away from fuch have been1101 place, any fuch raw hide or (kin that (hall have been flayed marked, he within any city, town corporate, borough, or market town, or (hall be liable within any diftrift belonging thereto, tor the purpofes of this to penally, a<ft, within or for which any fuch infpe&or or infpc&ors (hall have been appointed under this act as aforefaid, that (hall not have been examined and marked by fome infpedlor of raw hides and (kins appointed under th’s a<ft, or by fome perft.> aithorifed by him, and approved by any magiftrate of the diflr:	\»r which

fuch infpe&or (hall be appointed ; every fuch butche r nr other perfon lhall forfeit and pay a fum pot exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty (hillings, for every fuch raw hide or fkin fo neglected or omitted to be brought to fuch place appointed for the infpeCtion thereof as aforefaid, and within the hours preferibed for that purpofe, or fo removed or taken away before fuch hide or (kin (hall have been ftamped or marked as aforefaid.

XL Provided always, That if any fuch butcher, or other per- If any perfon fon or perfons as aforefaid, (hall give notice in writing to the &,ve ,1f>* infpeCtor or infpedtors of fuch city, town corporate, borough, or market town, of his or her intention of carrying his or her raw intention to hides or (kins to any other place where any infpedlor or inlpec- cairy his r.iw tors (hall be appointed under this act, for any period not lefs hides to any than one calendar month, following the date of fuch notice ; f^r hub S': then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for fuch butcher, or jor nol other perfon or perfons as aforefaid, to carry fuch raw hides or tnan a month, (kins to any fuch other place as aforefaid, during the period men- Ile do tioned in fuch notice, for the purpofe of having the fame hides or (kins examined and marked in purfuance of this aeft, and from time to time to renew fuch notice for any further period, not lefs than one calendar month as aforefaid.

XII.	And be it further ena6ied, That in cafe any difference In c*fe of of opinion or difpute (hall arife between any butcher or other d^fpy^ whe-perfon or perfons, and any infpe&or or infpe&ors, whether any	in-

hide or (kin has been injured in the flaying thereof, or rendered juredTthe maids ufeful and valuable for the purpofe of leather, within the in- 'pirate (lull tent and meaning of this aeft, then and in fuch Cafe it (hall be lawful for any magiftrate or iuftice of the peace, before whom	the

fuch difference or difpute (hall be brought by any fuch infpe&or working of or infpeftors, or butcher or other perfon or perfpns as aforefaid, leather/three and he is hereby authorifed, empowered, and required within forty-eight hours to fummon any five impartial and lefpe&able finely the perfons, who (hali be engaged or concerned in the working or fame, manufacturing of leather, to whom, or to any three or more of fuch perfons fo fummoned as aforefaid, fuch difference or difpute (hall be referred, and who are hereby authorifed and required to jiear and finally determine the fame within the fpace of twenty^. 1

-Digitized

Such perfons to take an oath to do equal jui tic e.

The p3rty againit whom the decifion Jli.ill be given to pay all ex-peaces.

Perfons fum-moned and

not attending to forfeit 403.

Application

penalties.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 66. [1800,

four hours; and before any fuch perfon fo fumijioned (halt aSio	3

hearing or determining any fuch difpute, he (hall take an oath	f

before fuch magiftrate or juftice of the peace as aforefaid, (which	t

oath the faid magiftrate or juftice of the peace is hereby empow-	t,

ered tp adminifter), that he will do equal juftice between the	(

parties concerned in fuch difference or difpute, and fuch magif- . f£ irate or juftice of the peace (ball caufe the raw hide or (kin, or raw hides or fkins whereon fuch difference or difpute (hall arife, j n to be produced to fuch perfons as aforefaid, and fuch difference or d;fpute to be heard before them; and the decifion of fuch perfons, or the major part of them thereon, (hall be binding and	0,

conclufive on all the parties interefted in fuch difference or dif-	j

pute, and the party or parties againft whom fuch decifion (hall	t;

be giver) fl)all be liable to and pay the cofts of fummoning, and attendance of fuch perfons before-mentioned, and all incidental fc expences incurred thereby, to be fettled, afeertained, and allowed by the magiftrate or juftice of the peace who (hall fummon fuch n perfons as aforefaid.	1

XIII.	And be it further enabled, That if any perfon who (hall	t:

be duly fummoned upon any fuch difference or difpute as afore-	$

faid, (nail neverthelefs refufe or ncgledt to attend at the time and	v

place mentioned in fuch fummons, unlefs he (hall give fuch rea-	^

(on for his non-attendance as may be deemed fatisfa&ory by the	t

magiftrate or juftice of the peace fummoning fuch jury, he (hall j t forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the fum of forty (hilling?, I j,

XIV.	And be it further enafted, That all penalties and for- 1 r

feitures inffufted and impofed by this a<ft, and not otherwife dif-	j

pofed of, (hall go and be diftributed in manner following; (ihtt j ( is to fay), One half of every fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall go J j and be paid to the perfon who (ball inform againft, and profecutc , to conviction, every fuch offender or offenders as aforefaid; and

the other half thereof (hall go and be applied for the better carrying into execution the purpofes of this a£t, either in rewarding, with any proportion thereof, any infpedlor or infpeftors of raw hides and fkins, afling in the diftridt within which any fuch penalties (hall have been incurred, or in the paying any luch .charges or expences as have arifen in eftablifhing any fuch place or places for the infpe&ion of raw hides and (kins as aforefaid, or for any purpofe relating to the care, improvement, or continuing of any fuch place or places, in fuch proportion, and in fuch ways, and towards fuch of the faid laft mentioned purpofes, as the perfon or perfons appointing any fuch place or places, to whom fuch laft mentioned moiety, when recovered, (hall be paid for the purpofes herein mentioned, (hall, with the appro- 4 bation and confent of any fix or more, or in cafe of any difference of opinion of the majority of the perfons dealing in the manufactory pf leather, (not being journeymen or apprentices, or perfons working with or for any mafter currier or manufacturer of leather j for hire), who (hall deliver their opinions in writing to fuch | perfon or perfons in manner herein-before directed with refpect to the recommendation of any infpedtor or infpectors, dircA;

and





647

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 66,

and if any perfon or perfons, to whom any fuch moiety* of any fetch penalties or forfeitures (hall be paid for the purpofes aforefaid, (hall jnifappjy fuch monies, or neglect or refufe to apply the fame to the purpofes of this a<5t, in manner herein-before direited, he fhalL, for every fuch offence, forfeit double the fum fo retained or mifapplied as aforefaid, to be fued for, recovered, and applied as any penalty, by this ad impofed, may be fued for, recovered, and applied.

XV.	And be it further enaded, That nothing herein con- Ad not to tained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to thecities of London

or Wejhninjiery or the borough of Southwark, or any of the Cer am imiuS* liberties thereof, or to any place or places within fifteen miles of the Royal Exchange of the laid city of London.

XVI. And be it further enaded, That every penalty and Recovery of forfeiture impofed by this ad fhall and may be recoverable before penalties, any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county,

riding, or divifion, or any magilfrate or magistrates of any city, town corporate, borough, liberty, or jurifdicton or place where the offence fhall be committed, upon convidion or confeffion of the party, or on the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, and fuch penalty and forfeiture (hall be levied by warrant under the hand and feal, or hands and feals of fuch juf-tice or juftices, magiftrate or magiftrates, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the perfon or perfons fo offending, and in cafe fuch diftrefs cannot be fejund, and fuch penalty and for-* feiture and the faid cofts and charges fhall not be forthwith paid, it fhall and maybe lawful for fuch juftice or juftices, magiftrate or magiftrates, a«d he and they is and are hereby authoriled and required, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to commit fuch offender or offenders to the common gaol or houfe of correction of the county or place where the offence (hall be committed, for any time not exceeding one month, until the faid penalty and forfeiture, and cofts and charges, Anil refpedtively be fooner paid and fatisfied.

XVII.	Provided always, That in cafe any perfon or perfons Perfons ag-fh all find himfelf or themfelves aggrieved by the judgement of grieved by any any fuch juftice or juftices, magiftrate or magiftrates, in any cafe judgement, where the penalty adjudged fhall exceed the fum of ten (hillings, nalty exceeds* then he or they (hall or may upon giving fecurity to the amount IOS# may

of the value of fuch penalty and forfeiture, together with fuch appeal to the

cofts as fhall be awarded in cafe fuch judgement fhall be affirmed, Suarter k**

appeal to the juftices at the next general or quarter felfions ofllons*

the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town,

or place as aforefaid, who are hereby empowered finally to hear

and determine the fame, and in cafe the judgement of fuch juf-

ticeor juftices fhall be affirmed, it fhall be lawful for fuch juftices

at (heir general or quarter feflions as aforefaid, to award the

perfon or perfons to pay fuch cofts occafioned by fuch appeal as

to them (hall feem meet-, and no fuch judgement or conviction

fhall be removeable by Certiorari into any court whatfoever.

%VIII. And

.	 

648 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 67. [1800,

Information XVIII. And be it further ena£tcd,That any information forany

for ofoiKe^to0ffcnce committed againft this a<$ fhall be laid before one or

three day^ m more juftice or juftices of the peace, magiftrate or magiftrates,

after com- within three days after the faid offence has been committed, and

nutted. that otherwife fuch information fhall be of no effect.

Convictions XIX. And be it further enafted, That every fuch convi<3ion

may Ik made before one or more juftice or juftices, may be made in tfye form m^the follow- f0lJ0w;ng. to w'lt>

form.	< T)E it remembered, That on the	day	of

JD in the year	A.	B. was, upon the complaint of

C' D., convicted befote	of	the	juftices	of	the peace for

the faid county of	or,	for the riding or diviGon of the

faid county of	or%	for	the	faid	city,	liberty,	diftri<ft,	or

town of	(as	the	cafe	fhall	happen	to	be);	in	purfuance of

an afl, parted in the fortieth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, for (or, as the cafe may beJ. Given under hand and feal, the day and year above written.*

Publick a ft.

Preamble.

ConvidHon to Which conviction (hall be certified to, the next general quarter be filed. feflions, there to be filed amongft the records of the county, riding, or divifion.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That this a & fhall be deemed and taken to be a publick ad; and fhall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, and all other perfons whomfo-cver, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. LXVII.

An aElfor the union ofGreat Britain ^Ireland.—[July 2,i8otf. j

WHEREAS in purfuance of his Majejlfs moji gracious rtcom-mendatioti to the two houfes of parliament in Great Britain and Ireland refpeflively, to confider of fuch meofures as might btft lend to Jirengtken and confolidate the connexion between the two king* doms, the two houfes of the parliament of Great Britain and the two houfes of the parliament of Ireland have fever ally agreed and refifacd, that, in order to promote and fecure the ejfential interejls of Great Britain and Ireland, and to confolidate the flrength, pewer^ and re-fources of the Britifh empire, it will be advifeable to concur in fuch meafures as may left tend to unite the two kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland into one kingdom, in fuch manner, and on fuch terms and conditions, as may be efablijhed by the a Els of the refpeElive parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland.

And whereas 1 in furtherance ef the faid refolution, both houfes of the faid two parliaments rcfpeElively have likewife agreed upon certain articles for effeEluating and eflablifhbig the faid purpofes% in tbe tenor following :

ARTICLE FIRST.

That it be the firft article of the union of the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, that the faid kingdoms of Great Britain

The parliaments of England and Ireland have agreed upon the articles following: That Great Britain and

 CjjOO^Ic

i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 67.	649

tain and Ireland (hall, upon the firft day of January which (hall Ireland Ihall,

be in the year of our Lord one thoufand eight hundred and one,

and for ever after, be united into one kingdom, by the name of cd°mt0 one

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the kingdom}

royal ftile and titles appertaining to the imperial crown of the and that the

faid united kingdom and its dependencies; and alfo the enfigns, appc£.

armorial flags and banners thereof, ihall be fuch as his Maiefty, cro^ &c.

by his royal proclamation under the great feal of the united icing- /hall be fu.’h

dom, (hall be pleated to appoint.	his	Majefty

’	*	rv	.	ihall be pleafed

ARTICLE SECOND.	toappoiau

That it be tbp fecond article of union, that the fucceflion to That-the fuc- * the imperial CFOwn of the faid united kingdom, and of the do* cefllon to the minions thereunto belonging, ihall continue limited and fettled in the fame manner as the fucceflion to the imperial crown of the J^cd'and1" faid kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland now Hands limited fettled as at and fettled, according to the exifting laws, and to the terms of prefent. union between England and Scotland.

ARTICLE THIRD.

That it be the third article of union, that the faid united That the kingdom be reprefented in one and the fame parliament, to be JJnhed king-fliled The Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and preienteJia Ireland.	one parlia-

1	menu

ARTICLE FOURTH.

That it be the fourth article of union, that four lords fpiritual That the

of Ireland by rotation of feflions, and twenty-eight lords tempo-	,

ral of Ireland elefted for life by the peers of Ireland, (hall be the anj temporal,

number to fit and vote on the part of Ireland in the houfe of lords and of com-

of the parliament of the united kingdom; and one hundred moners, here-

commoners (two for each county of 'Ireland^ two for the city

Dublin, two for the city of Cork, one for the univerfity of Trinity voteon the

College, and one for each of the thirty-one moft confiderable part of Ire-

cities, towns, and boroughs), be the number to fit and vote on land in the

the part of Ireland in the houfe of commons of the parliament of Parliament of *	* • j 1 * a	the united

the united kingdom :	kingdom.

That fucb aft as (hall be pafled in the parliament of Ireland previous to the union, to regulate the mode by which the lords ^ fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, to ferve in the par- pa/red jn Ire-liament of the united kingdom on the part of Ireland^ (hall be land to regu-fummoned and returned to the faid parliament, fhall be confidered late the mode as forming part of the treaty of union, and (hall be incorporated ^drcSrninf in the afts of the refpeftive parliaments by which the faid union the lords^nd* (hall be ratified and eftablifhed :	commoners

to ferve in the parliament of the united kingdom, fhall be confidered as part of the treaty of union.

That all queftions touching the rotation or eleftion of lords That all quef-fpiritual or temporal of Ireland to fit in the parliament of the tionstouching united kingdom, (hall be decided by the houfe of lords thereof; and whenever, by reafon of an equality of votes in the eleftion of jord8 0f ire-

' any land to fit in

6 5°

the united

parliament tfull be decided by the houfe of lords thereof.

That any peer of Ireland may be elected to ferve in the houfe of commons of the united kingdom, unlefs previoufiy cie&ed to fit in the houfe of lords* but fhall not be entitled to the privilege of peerage, &c.

His Majefty may create peers, and make promotions in the peerage of Iceland after the union, under certain regulations.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 6j. [1800/

any fuch lends temporal, a complete election fhall not be made according to the true intent of this article, the names of thofe peers for whom fuch equality of votes (hall be fo given, fhall be written on pieces of paper of a fimilar form, and fhall be put into a glals, by the clerk of the parliaments at the table of the houfe of lords whilft the houfe is fitting; and the peer or peers whofe name or names (hall be firft drawn out by the clerk of the parliaments, (hall be deemed the peer or peers elected, as the cafe may be :

That any perfon holding any peerage of Ireland now fubfifting, or hereafter to be created, fhall not thereby be difqualitied from being elected to ferve if he fhall fo think fit, or from ferving or continuing to ferve, if he (hall fo think fir, far any county, city, or borough of Great Britain, in the houfe of commons ofjhc united kingdom, unlefs he (hall have been brevioufly clewed as above, to fit in the houfe of lords of the united kingdom; but that fo long as fuch peer of Ireland (hall fo continue to be a member of the houfe of commons, he fhall not be entitled to the privilege of peerage, nor bevcapable. of being elected to ferve as a peer on the part of Ireland, or of voting at any fuch election; and that he (hall be liable to be fued, iadi&ed, proceeded againft/ and tried as a commoner, for any offence with which he may be charged :

That it (hall be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, to create peers of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, and to make promotions in the peerage thereof, after the union; provided that no new creation of any fuch peers (hall take place after the union until three of the peerages of Ireland, which (hall have been exifting at the time of the union, (hall have become extinft ; and upon fuch extinction of three peerages, that it (hall be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, to create one peer of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland; and in like manner fo ofren as three peerages of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland (hall become extinct, it (hall be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, to create one other peer of the laid part of the uhited kingdom ; and if it (hall happen that the peers of that p3rt of the united kingdom called Ireland, (hall, by extinction of peerages or othenvife, be reduced to the number of one hundred, exclufive of all fuch peers of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, as (hall hold any peerage of Great Britain fubfifting at the time of the union, or of the united kingdom created fince the union, by which fuch peers dial] be entitled to an hereditary feat in the houfe of lords of the united kingdom, then and in that cafe it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, to create one peer of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland as often as any one of fuch one hundred peerages (hail fail by extinction, or as often as any one peer of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland (hall become entitled, by defeent or creation, to an hereditary feat in the houfe of lofds of the united kingdom; it being the trqc intent and meaning of this article, that at 3II times;





1800.] Anno regni quadragefirno Georgii III. c. 67,	6^r

after the union it fhaU and may be Jawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, to keep up the peerage of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland to the number of one hundred, over and above the number of fuch of the faid peers as (hall be entitled, by defcent or creation, to an hereditary feat in the houfe ' of lords of the united kingdom :

That if any peerage (hall at any time be in abeyance, fuch Peerages in peerage fhall be deemed and taken as an exiting peerage; and abeyance to no peerage fhall be deemed extinct, unlefson default of claimants be deemed to the inheritance of fuch peerage for the fpace of one year from ages,* ainiTno* the death of the perfon who (hall have been Iaft polTe/fed thereof; peerage to bi and if no claim fhall be made to the inheritance of fuch peerage, deemed exin fuch form and manner as may from time to time be preferibed (V^uftlQf°n by the houfe of lords of the united kingdom, before the expira- cjaim for a tionof the faid period of a year, then and in that cafe fuch peer- year afterthe age fhall be deemed extin#; provided that nothing herein fhall death of the exclude any perfon from afterw ards putting in a claim to the *ate poiftfthr. peerege fo deemed extin#; and if fuch claim fhall be allowed as If a claim be valid, by judgement of the houfe of lords of the united kingdom, reported to his Majefty, fuch peerage fhall be confidcred as re- ancj avowed vived; and in cafe any new creation of a peerage of that part of and a new the united kingdom called Ireland\ fhall have taken place in the creation ihali interval, in confequence of the fuppofed extinction of fuch peer- ^Jcee^te^ age, then no new right of creation (hall accrue to his Majcfty, fn^rval, no his heirs or fuccc/Tors, in confequence of the next extinction new right of which fhall take place of any peerage of that part of the united creation fhall

kingdom called Ireland:	*	to	h*s

0	Majelty on

the next extinftion of a peerage.

That allqueftions touching the e!c#ion of members to fit on Qneflion* the part of Ireland in the houfe of commons of the united king-dom fhall be heard and decided in the fame manner as queftions member^to touching fuch elections in Great Britain now are, or at any time fit in the hereafter fhall by law be heard and decided ; fubje# neverthelefs houfe of cora-to fuch particular regulations in refpe# of Ireland as, from local mons of the circumftances, the parliament of the united kingdom may from ^omon the" time to time deem expedient:	put of Ireland

fhall be decided as queftions touching fuch elections in Great Britain j

That the qualification* in refpe# of property of the members and their qua-eleded on the part of Ireland to lit in the houfe of commons the united kingdom, fhall be refpe#ive!y the fame as are now p foalf provided by law in the cafes of elections for counties and cities the fame asia and boroughs refpe&ively in that part of Great Britain called England. England, unlefs any other provifion fhall hereafter be made in that refpe# by act of parliament of the united kingdom :

That when his Majetty, his heirs or fucceflors, (ball declare When his his, her, or their pleafure for holding the firft or any fubfequent Majefty fhall parliament of the united kingdom, a proclamation fhall ifTue, pie^f^e for under the great feal of the united kingdom, to caufe the lords holding a fpiritual and temporal, and commons, who are to ferve in die parliament of parliament thereof on the part of Ireland, to be returned in fuch united

manner 1f!n^om*a

1



651 Anno regni quad rage timo Georgii ill. c. 67. [1800.

proclamation manner as by any ad of this prefent feflion of the parliament of cawfe the t0 lr£lQnd &aH provided ; and that the lords fpiritual and tem-lotds and poral and commons of Great Britain (hall, together with the commons, lords fpiritual and temporal and commons fo returned as aforefaid who are to on the part of Ireland, constitute the two houfes of the parliament ferx^e on the 0f the unjte(j kingdom : part of Ire-	°

land, to be returned as flial) be provided by any a# of the prefent feflion in Ireland,

If his Majefty,	That if his Majefty, on or before the firft day of January ont

~^re thoufand eight hundred and one* on which dav the unioii is to ihali declare* ta{ce P^ace> fhall declare, under the great feal of Great Britain, it is expedient that it is expedient that the lords and commons of the prefent thattheprefent parliament of Great Britain lhould be the members of the refpec-G^ea^Brita^n l*ve ^ou^es °f	parliament of the united kingdom on the

fhoutd be thc Part °f Great Britain, then the faid lords and commons of the members of prefent parliament of Great Britain (hall accordingly be the the refpe&ivc members of the refpedtive houfes of the firft parliament of the fidl^arlia^6 un*tec* kingdom on the part of Great Britain; and they, together nlent^of the w'fh the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, fofummoned united king- and returned as above on the part of Ireland, (hall be the lords dom on the fpiritual and temporal and commons of the firft parliament of the Britain ^the^ umred kingdom ; and ftich firft parliament may (in that cafe) if and the lords not Sooner diflblved, continue to lit fo long as the prefent par-and commons liament of Great Britain may now by law continue to fit, if not returned on fooner difTolved : .provided always, that until an a£t (hall hare Ireland*ma Pa^ed the parliament of the united kingdom, providing in what continue tefit caJtrS P€r^ons bolding offices or places of profit under the crown fo long as the in Ireland, (hall be incapable of being members of the houfe of prefent parlia-commons of the parliament of the united kingdom, no greater mentof Great number of members than twenty, holding fuch offices or but untiUn * places> as aforefaid, (hall be capable of fitting in the faid houfe a& fhall have of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom \ and if piffed in the fuch a number of members (hall be returned to ferve in the faid menf1 ,0 ha’ b°u^e as to make the whole number of members of the faid houfe yid?ngfn what bolding fuch offices or places as aforefaid more than twenty, then c?fes perfons and in fuch cafe the feats or places of fuch members as (hall have holding of* Jaft accepted fuch offices or places (hall be vacated, at the option under the°fit	merphers,	as	to	reduce the number of members hold-

crown in Ire- *nS °ffices °r places to the number of twenty; and no per-land, Ihall be fon holding any fuch office or place (hall be capable of being incapable of clewed or of fitting in the Taid houfe, while there are twenty perfons holding fuch offices or places fitting in the faid houfe j and that every one of the lords of parliament of the united kingdom, and every member of the houfe of commons of the united kingdom, in the firft and all fucceeding parliaments, (hall, until

fitting in the houfe of commons of the united kingdom, no

(hTlV^th 20 the parliament of the united kingdom (hall otherwife provide,

andiferC~ ta^e oat^s9 ar|d ma^e andfubfcribe the declaration, and take

more than and fubferibe the oath now by law enjoined to be taken, made,

that number and fubferibed by the lords and commons of the parliament of

be returned. Great Britain: the teats or

places of fuch as (hall have accepted fuch offices (hall be vacated, fo as to reduce them to The lords and commons of the uiiited parliament fhall take the oaths, &c. as enioined to be taken by the lords and commons of the Britifli parliament*

n	That

 V^iOOQlC

i8oa] Anno regni quadragefimo Georg^i III. c* 67.	653

That the lords of parliament on the part of Ireland, in the The lords of houfe of lords of the united kingdom, (hall at all times have the fame privileges of parliament which fhall belong to the lords of jrdand Iball parliament on the part of Great Britain 5 and the lords fpirituai have the fame and temporal refpe&ivelv on the part of Ireland (hall at all times privileges as have the fame rights in refped of their fitting and voting upon the trial of peers, as the lords fpirituai and temporal refpe&ivelv Great Britain on the part of Great Britain ; and that all lords fpirituai of Ire- and all lords * land (hall have rank and precedency next and immediately after Spiritual of the lords fpirituai of the fame rank and degree of Great Britain, rank*** and fhall enjoy all privileges as fully as the lords fpirituai ofnextafttr t\]e Great Britain do now or may hereafter enjoy the fame (the right lords fpirituai and privilege of fitting in the houfe of lords, and the privileges of the fame "depending thereon, and particularly the right of fitting on the Britain trial of peers, excepted); and that the perfons holding any tem- fhaiUn’ioy poral peerages of Ireland, exifting at the time of the union, fhall, the fame pri-from and after the union, have rank and precedency next and vileges, (ex-immediately after all the perfons holding peerages of the like <=ept thole de-orders and degrees in Great Britain, fubfifting at the time of the Sftingm tEe union; and that all peerages of Ireland created after the union houfe of fhall have rank and precedency with the peerages of the united lords), and kingdom, fo created, according to the dates of their creations ; and that all peerages both of Great Britain and Ireland, now fub- {^fliali have fitting or hereafter to be created, fhall in all other refpe&s, from rank next the date of the union, be confidered as peerages of the united after the peers kingdom; and that the peers of Ireland fhall, as peers of the h^Great united kingdom, be fued and tried as peers, except as aforefaid, Brita-a at the and fhall enjoy all privileges of peers as fully as the peers of Great time of the Britain \ the right and privilege of fitting in the houfe of lords, Union ; and and the privileges depending thereon, and the right of fitting ort ^peerages the trial of peers, only excepted:	SESS*

kingdom created after the union, (hall have rank according to creation; and all peerages of Great Britain and of Ireland fhall, in all other refpeCts, be confidered as peerages of the united kingdom, and the peers of Ireland fhall enjoy the fame privileges, except thofe depending upon fitting in the houfe of lords.

ARTICLE FIFTH.

That it be the fifth article of union. That the churches of The churches England and Ireland, as now by law ettablifhed, be united into of England one proteftant epifcopal church, to be called, The United Church ^unifed^nto of England and Ireland; and that the doftrine, worfhip, difeipline, onC proteilant and government of the faid united church fhall be, and fhall epifcopal remain in full force for ever, as the fame are now by law efta-blifhed for the church of England \ and that the continuance and	diurclt

prefervation of the faid united church, as the ettablifhed church 0f Scotland to of England and Ireland, fhall be deemed and taken to be an remain ksnow eflential and fundamental part of the union; and that in like eftabliflied. manner the doArine, worfhip, difeipline, and government of the church of Scotland, fhall remain and be preferved as the fame are now ettablifhed bylaw, and by the aA$ for the union of the two kingdoms of England and Scotland.

ARTICLE



navigation, and in all treaties with foreign powers the tub

654	Anno	regni quadragefirho Georgii III. c. 67. [1866.

ARTICLE SIXTH.

The fubje&R That it be the fixth article of Union, That his Majefly’s fub-tli^arul fre" -Je<^s Great Britain and Ireland (hall, from and after the firft land fhall be on *^ay Jai:uary one thoufand eight hundred and one, be entitled the fame foot- to the fame privileges, and be on the fame footing, as to encou-iiiEr in refpert ragements and bounties on the like articles being the growth, ot trade ami proc»uce, or manufacture of cither country refpcdtivcly, and generally in refpe£l of trade and navigation inalJ ports and placet in the united kingdom and its dependencies; and that in all treaties made by his Msjcfty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, with any Power> Majefty’s fubjedts of Ireland fhall have the (hall have the fa,T)C privileges, and be on the fame footing, as his Majefty’s fumeprivi- fubjedts of Great Britain:

JcgesasBritifli That, from the firft day of 'January one thoufand eight hundred iunjetfs. and one> a]j prohibitions and bounties on the export of articles, From January the growth, produce, or manufadture of either country, to the. ,rohibi‘ions ot^cr» fnall ceafe and determine3 and that the faid articles (hall and bounties thenceforth be exported from one country to the other, without on the export duty or bounty on fuch export: of article s the

produce or manufacture cf cither country to the other (hall ceafe.

All articles That all articles, the growth, produce, or manufaflure of

rnMnanufuf eit^*er country, (not hercin-after enumerated as fubjedt to fpecific 01 manu ac- jutjes^ {]la|| lr0;n thenceforth be imported into each country

from the other, free from duty, other than fuch countervailing duties on the feveral articles enumerated in the fchedulenumber fu'h' to f e °nC anc* *lcreunt0 annexed, as are therein fpecified, or to ciutituzh other countervailing duties as fhall hereafter be impofed by jhall be im- the parliament of the united kingdom, in the manner hereinafter provided j and that, for the period of twenty years from the union, the articles enumerated in the fchedule number two hereunto annexed, fhall be fubjedl, on importation into each country from the other, to the duties fpecified in the faid fchedule number two ; and the woollen manufadlures, known by the names of Old and New Drapery, fhall pay, on importation into each country from the other, the duties now payable on importation into Ireland: fait and hops, on importation into Ireland from Great Britain, duties not exceeding thofe which are noft paid on importation into Ireland5 and coals, on importation into united" pari ter* ^re^dn^ ^rom Great Britain, fhall be fubjedt to burthens not exigent; and for ceeding thofe to which they are now fubjeft:

20 years from the union, the articles in fchedule No. a. (hall be fubieft, on impor-tation into each country, to the duties in the faid’fchedule ; and old and new drapery fhall pay, on importation into each country, the duty now payable on importation into Ireland; (alt, hops, and coals, on importation into Ireland, not exceeding the prclent duties.

ture of either country, not here in-after enumerated as

ported into each country from the other, duty free, other than the countervailing duties in the fchedule No. 1. or to fu h as ihall hereafter be

Call/cpes and mullins on

That callicoes and muflins fhall, on their importation info importation e*t^er country from the other, be fubject and liable to the duties into either now payable on the fame on the importation thereof from Great country (hall Britain into Ireland, urttil the fifth day of January one thoufand \	eight





2800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 67.	655

eight hundred and eight; and from and after the faid day, the he fubte&to faid duties fhall be annually reduced, by equal proportions as the duties near as may be in each year, fo as that the faid duties fhalj ftand o^thlTirnpor-at ten per centum from and after the fifth day of January one t*tion thereof thoufand eight hundred and fixteen, until the fifth day of January from Great one thoufand eighr hundred and twenty-one: and that cotton	'nt<?

yarn and cotton twift (hall, on their importation into either ja^^y ^ country from the other, be fubjedl and liable to the duties now 1808, which payable upon the fame on the importation thereof from Great then be Britain into Ireland, until the fifth day of January one thoufand ^nml^7 re* eight hundred and eight; and from and after the faid day, the ftaad«t°foner faid duties fhall be annually reduced, by equal proportions as cent, from J*-near as may be in each year, fo that as that all duties fhall ceafe nu'ary 5, 181$, on the faid articles from and after the fifth day of January one Hutu January thoufand eight hundred and fixteen:	^

twift (hall, on importation into either country, be fubjedt to the duties now payable on Importation from Great Britain into Ireland, until January 5, 1808, and fhall then be annually reduced, fo as that all duties lhall ceafc from January 5, 1816.

That any articles of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Articles of the either country, which are or may be fubjedt fo internal duty, or manuffd^ure to duty on tne materials of which they are compofed. may be cf either made (ubjedfc, on their importation into each country relpe&ively country, fub-,from the other, to fuch countervailing duty as (hall appear to be jedtointernal juft and reafonable in refpedt of fuch internal duty or duties on ^ut^onVhe the materials ; and that for the (aid purpofes the articles fpecified materials,may in the faid fchedule number one, A. and B, (hall be fubjedl to be fubjetted on the duties fet forth therein, liable to be taken off, dimini/hed, or importation increafed, in the manner herein fpecified; and that upon the j^n^C to export of the (aid articles from each country to the other refpec- countervailing tively, a drawback fhall be given equal in amount to the coun- duties, and tervailing duty payable on fuch articles bn the import thereof uPon their into the fame country from the other; and that in like manner ^j^back of in future it fhall be competent to the united parliament to impofe t),e duty flian any new or additional countervailing duties, or to take off or be allowed. diminiQi fuch exiting countervailing duties as may appear, on like principles, to be juft and reafonable in refpedt of any future or additional internal duty on any article of the growth, produce, or manufadture of either country, or of any new or additional duty on any materials of which fuch article may be compofed, or of any abatement of duty on the fame ; and^that when any fuch. new or additional countervailing duty fhall be fo impofed on the import of any article into either country from the other, a drawback, equal in amount to fuch countervailing duly, fhall be given in like manner On the export of every fuch article refpedtively from the fame country to the other;

That all articles, the growth, produce, or manufadturc of Articles the either country, when exported through the other', (hall in all produce or cafes be exported fubjeft to the fame charges as if they had been ^".“^ure expprted dire&iy from the country of which they were the growth, country when produce, or manufacture:	_	exported

through the other, fhall be fubjedt to the fame charges as if exported dire&ly from the country of which they were the produce or manufacture.

Vol. XLII*	Uu	 ^	GEhaele



656	Anno	regni	quadragefimo	Georgii	111.	c.	67.	[1800.

Duty on the That all duty charged on the import of foreign or colonial rdPno^co?o. 600C*S *nto e*t^cr country (hall, on their export to the other, be good8°	e'ther drawn back, or the amount, (if any be retained), (hall be

into either	placed to the credit of the country to which they (hall be fo ex-

country (hall ported, fo long as the expenditure of the united kingdom ihaJl back^orTf an	defrayed hy proportional contributions : provided always,

b^ret^ned^ That nothing herein (hall extend to take away any duty, bounty, fhall be ere- or prohibition, which exifts with refpedt to corn, meal, mak, ditedtothe flour, or bifeut; butvthat all duties, bounties, or prohibitions, whichT tC>ort on ^a,<* ar^c^es> may he regulated, varied, or repealed, from ed,lfo fong as t,me 10 t‘me5 as the united parliament fhall deem expedient,

the expenditure of the united kingdom (hall be defrayed by proportional contributions: adt not to take away any duty, bounty, or prohibition with refpedt to corn, &c. which may be regulated as the united parliament (hall deem expedient.

SCHEDULE, Number One.

Of the articles to be charged with countervailing duties upon importation from Ireland into Great Britain, and from Great Britain into Ireland, refpe&ively, according to the fixth article of union.

A.

On importation into Great Britain from Ireland.

ARTICLES.

Cuftoras.

Excife,

BEER.—For every barrel conGfting of thirty-fix gallons, Englijh beer mealure, of Irifh beer, ale, or mum, which (hall be imported into Great Britain dire&ly from Ireland, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity, to be paid by the importer thereof BRICKS and TILES.—For every tbou-fand of Irljb bricks For every thoufand of Irijb plain tiles For every thoufand of Irijb pan or ridge tiles For every hundred of Irijb paving tiles, not exceeding ten inches fquare For every hundred of Irijh paving tiles exceeding ten inches fquare For every thoufand of Irijh tiles, other than fuch as are herein-before enumerated and deferibed, by whatfoever name or names fuch tiles are or may be called or known -

x. d-

jr. s. l

8 -

-	5~

—	4 10 7- 12 10

* 5

—- 4 10

4 10 CANDLES.—

ik

CM

an

V

Fcr

h

M

caj

ce;

fci

hi

CYO

ica

' k

tiei

k

%

,Cl‘. tt

‘ V'f

'H,





j8oo.J Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 67.

ARTICLES.	Cuftoras.	Excife.

CANDLES.—For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irijh candles of tallow, and other candles whatfoever (except wax and (permaceti)

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irijb candles, which may be made of wax or fpermaceti, of which are ufually called or fold either for wax or fpermaceti, notwithftanding the mixture of any other ingredient therewith CHOCOLATE, tdV.—For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irijh cocoa, cocoa pafte, or chocolate CORDAGE; videlicet.—To be ufed as ftariding rigging or other cordage made from topt hemp, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight Of any other fort, cable yarn, packthread, and twine, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight -CYDER and PERRY.—For every hogf-head, confiding of fixty-three gallons Englijh wine meafure, of Irijh cyder and perry, which (hall be imported as * merchandize or for Tale, and which (hall. be fent or configned to any faCtor or agent to fell or. difpofe of -GLASS.—For every fquare foot fuperfi-cial meafure of Irijh plate glafs For every hundred weight of Irijh flint enamel, ftained, pafte, or phial glafs For every hundred weight ofIrifli fpread window glafs, commonly called Broad Glajs For every hundred weight of Irijh window glafs (not being fpread glafs) whether flalhed or otberwife manufactured, and commonly called or known by the name of Crown Glafs, or German Sheet Glafs For every hundred weight of veflels made ufe of in chemical laboratories, and of garden elaffes, and of all other veflels or utenfils of common bottle metal, manufa&ured in Ireland, common bottles excepted -For every hundred weight of any fort or fpecies of Irijh glafs, not herein-before enumerated or deferibed Bottles of common green glafs, the dozen quarts	-	-

£• '•

4 10 3

4 4 4

£ s. d

— 1

— 3

— 2 —

—19 2

—	22 236

—	8	1

1	9	9

— 4

2 2 —

— 9

Anno regni quadrageGmo GEORcn III. c. 67. [1800.

ARTICLES.

Cuftoma.

Exrife.

HOPS,—For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irijh hops LEATHER, unmanufactured. — For every pound weight avoirdupois of hides, of what kind Soever, and of calf (kins, kip6, hog (kins, dog (kins, and feal (kins, tanned in Ireland, and of (beep (kins and lamb (kins fo tanned for gloves and bazils, which (hall T>e imported in the whole hide or (kin, and neither cut nor diminifhed in any re-fpe<t whatever -For every dozen of goat (kins tanned in Ireland to refemble Spanijh leather For every dozen of fheep (kins tanned in Ireland for roans, being after the nature of Spanijh leather -For every ppund weight avoirdupois of all other hides or (kins not herein-before enumerated and defcribed, and of all pieces and parts of hides or (kins which (hall be tanned in Inland For all hides of horfes, mares, and geldings, which (hall be drefled in allum and fait or meal, or otherwife rawed in Ireland, for each and every fuch hide	-	-

£. s. d. £. u L

------itt

For all hides of fleers, cows, or any other hides of what kind foever (thofe of horfes, mares, and geldings eacepted) which (hall be drefled in auum and fait, or meal, or otherwife tawed in Ireland\ for each and every fuch hide For every pound weight avoirdupois of all calf (kins, kips, and feal (kins, which (hall be (3 drefled in allum and fait, or meal, or otherwife tawed in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain, in the whole (kin, neither cut nor diminifhed in any rcfpeft whatever . -For every dozen of (link calf (kins which (hall be fo drefled in allum and fait, or meal, or otherwife tawed with the hair on, in Ireland -	-	-	-

For every dozen of (link calf (kins which (hall be fo drefled in allum and fait, or meal, or otherwife tawed without hair, in Ireland, and for every dozen of dog (kins and kid (kins, which (hall be

- 3-

drcSd

Fci

1 r

/Of

nit

For,

k

k

'for

Hit

c

6S9

c

(S

drefled in allum and fait, or meal* or otherwife tawed in Ireland For every pound weight avoirdupois of buck and doe fkins, which (hall be drefled, ih allum and fait, or meal, or otherwife tawed in Ireland, and which (hall be imported in the whole fkin, and neither cut nor diminifhed in any refpefl whatever -For every dozen of goat (kins and beaver (kins, which (hall be drefled in allum and (alt, or meal, or otherwife tawed in Ireland -	-	-	^ -

For every pound weight avoirdupois of (beep (kins and lamb fkins, which {hall be dreffed in allum and fait, or meal, or otherwife tawed in Ireland^ and which (hall be imported in the whole (kin, and neither cut nor diminilhed in any refpfcdt whatever For every bound weight avoirdupois of all other hides and fkins, bot herein-before enumerated and deferibed, and of all pieces of parts of hides or dkins, which (hall be drefTed in allum and fait, or meal, or otherwife tawed in Ireland For every pound weight avoirdupois of all buck, deer, and elk fkins, which {hall be d re fled in oil in Ireland, and imported • in the Whole’ fkin, and neither cut nor diminilhed in any refpeCfc whatever For every pound weight avoirdupois of all (beep and lamb fkins, which {hall be drefTed in oil in Ireland -For every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hides and (kins, and parts and pieces of hides and fkins, which (hall be drefled in oil in Ireland For every dozen of Irijh vellum For every dozen of Irijh parchment LEATHER, manufactured into goods and wares:	'

For every pound weight avoirdupois of tanned leather, manufactured and actually made into goods or wares in Ireland For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irijh made boots and fhoes, and gloves, and other manufactures made of tawed or drefled leather

-----6

— 2 ■

c

d.

i —

-----6

— 1

-----3

---6

— 3

C^OO^lC -For

v U3

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all buck and deer (kins, and elk (kins, d re fled in oil and manufactured Into goods and wares in Ireland For every pound weight avoirdupois of all (beep and lamb (kins, dreffcd in oil and manufactured into goods or wares in Ireland -	-	-	-

Kor every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hides and (kins, not herein-be-fore enumerated or defcribed, dreffedin oil and manufactured into goods or wares in Ireland MEAD or METHEGL1N.—For every gallon, Englijh wine meafure, of Irijh mead or metheglin -PAPER.—For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irijh paper, fit or proper, or that may be ufed for or applied to the ufes or purpofes of writing, drawing, abd printing, or either of them, and of all Irijl) elephant papers and cartridge papers -For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irijh coloured papers and whited brown papers (other than and except elephant and cartridge papers) fit and proper for the ufe and purpofe of wrapping tip goods, and not fit or proper or capable of being ufed for or applied to the purpofes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them -For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irijh brown paper, fit and proper for the ufe and purpofe of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper or capable of being ufed for or applied to the ufes and purpofes of writing, drawing, and printing, or cither of them For every pound weight avoirdupois of every fort or kind of Irijh paper, not herein-before enumerated or defcribed, lheathing, and button paper and button board excepted	-

For every one hundred weight of Irijh pafteboard, millboard, and fealeboard For every one hundred weight of Irijh glazed papers for clothiers and hot prefers -	-	-■



£. t. J.£.

1 —

-- 3

------6

— 1

- ii



_ it

10 6

- 6



For

66 r

For every pound weight avoirdupois of books, bound or unbound, and of maps or prints, which (hall be imported into Great Britain dire&ly from Ireland PRINTED GOODS.—For every yard fquareof /reprinted, painted, or Gained papers, to ferve for hangings, or other ufes -For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, of foreign callicoes and foreign muflins, which fhall be printed, painted. Rained, or dyed in Inland (except fuch as (hall be dyed throughout of one colour), over and above any duty of cuRoms payable on the importation of foreign callicoes and muflins	-	-

For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, of all Irijh printed, painted, Rained, or dyed /n/ft*raade callicoes, muflins, linens, and Ruffs, made either of cotton or linen, mixed with other materials, fuftians, velvets, velverets, dimities, and other figured Ruffs, made of cotton and other materials, mixed or wholly made of cotton wool (except fuch as (hall be dyed throughout of one colour only)

For every yard in length, reckoning yard wide, of all Irijh printed. Rained, painted, or dyed lrijb-toade fluffs not before enumerated or defcribed (except fuch as fhall be dyed throughout of one colour only and except fluffs made of woollen,or whereof the greateft part in value (hall be woollen)

For every yard in length, reckoning half yard wide, of all Irtjb printed, ftained, painted, or dyed (ilks, (filk handkerchiefs excepted) over and above any duty of cufloms payable on the importation of filk -	-	-

For every yard fquare of Irijh printed, fiaiped, painted, or dyed filk handkerchiefs, and fo in proportion for wide or narrow filk handkerchiefs, over and above every duty of cufloms payable on filk .... SALT.—For every bu(hel, confifling of

u u 4

£. s.

£■ t. d.

------2

-------11

— 7

------3!

------31

*

---4*

z^oo;

66*

£■ *

/•

fifty-fix pounds weight avoirdupois, o!

Irijb fait, or Irifb Glauber or Irijb Epfom fait ...	-	-

For every bufhel, confiding of fixty-five pounds weight avoirdupois, of Irijb rock fait	-

SILK.— Manufactures of ribbons and fluffs of filk only, the pound, containing fixteen ounces -	-	— 5 —

Note, Two-thirds of the weight of gauze and one-third of the weight of crape, is to be deduced for gum and drefs.

Silk and ribbons of filk, mixed with gold or filver, the pound, containing fixteen , ounces	-	...

Silk ftockirtgs, filk gloves, filk fringe,filk laces, flitching or fewing filk, the pound containing fixteen ounces -	-	-

Silk, manufactures of, not otherwife enumerated or defcribed, the pound, containing fixteen ounces Stuffs of filk and grogram yarn, the pound, containing fixteen ounces Stuffs of filk mixed with incle or cotton, the pound, containing fixteen ounces -Stuffs of filk and worfted, the poupd, containing fixteen ounces Stuffs of filk mixed with any other material, the pound, containing fixteen ounces -	-	-	—	13

SOAP.—For every pound weight avoirdupois oiF Irijb hard, cake, or ball foap For every pound weight of Irijb foft foap .SPIRITS, British.—For every gallon,

Englijh wine meafure, x>f fphits, aqua vita, or ftrong waters, which fhall be diftilled or made in Ireland, and imported at, a flrength not exceeding one to ten over hydrometer proof

Note.—Spirits above the ftrength of one to ten will be charged in proportion ; and on fweetened or compounded fpirits, the di£y will be computed upon the bigheft degree of ftrength at which luch fpirits can be made.

ST ARCH.—For every pound weighr of Irijb ftarch or hair powder, of what krnd feever ...

SUGARS* — Refined | videlicet, called

— iq —

— 10 —

6 9

3~

4-1 2 1 S — 10I

—	2i

-	li

- s «

— 3*





Bqfiari$y whole or ground, the hundred weight	-	-	-	_	-

Lumps, the hundred weight Single loaf, the hundred weight Powder loaf and double loaf, the hundred weight	-

Sugar candy, brown, the hundred weight Sugar candy, white, the hundred weight Sugar, refined, of any other fort, the hundred weight SWEETS.—For every barrel, confiding of thirty-one gallons and a half, Englijb wine meafure, of lrijh fweets, or other Irijh liquor, made by infufion, ferment tation, or otherwife, from fruit or fugar, or from fruit or fugar mixed with any other materials or ingredients whatfo-ever,commonly called Sweets, or called or diftinguifhed by the name of Made Wines TOBACCO and SNUFF.—For every pound weight avoirdupois of unmanufactured tobacco, of the growth or produce of Ireland,, over and above any duty of cuftoms For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irijb manufactured (hort cut tobacco, or tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the name of Spanijh For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irijb manufactured fnag tobacco For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irijb manufactured roll tobacco For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irijb manufactured carrot tobacco For every pound weight avoirdupois of every other fort of Irijb manufactured tobacco, not herein-before enumerated or defcribed	-

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irtjh manufactured rappee fnuff For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irijb manufactured Scotch fnuff For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irijb manufactured brown Scotch fnuff For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irijb manufactured tobacco ftalk flour For every pound weight avoirdupois of every other fort or kind of Irijb fnanu*



18	2

H ~i

16 4

19	1

14 ~i

19 I

1 19 l

d.

2 2 —

— I

I 7

- I 5 i

—	—17

—	—	*	•	Si

— 1

4*

— 1 104

“ 1 3 i

— x



fa&uretl

664

faflured fnuff, or fnuff work, not here-in-before enumerated ot defcribed Tobacco unmanufactured, the pound — VERJUICE.—For every hoglhead con-lifting of fixty-three gallons Englijh wine meafure, of Irijh verjuice VINEGAR.—For every barrel confiding of thirty-four gallons, Englijh beer meafure, of Irijh vinegar WIRE.—For every ounce troy weight of Irijb gilt wire For every ounce troy of Irijh filver wire For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irijh gold thread, gold lace, or gold fringe, made of plate wir£ (pun upon filk -	-	-

For every pound weight avoirdupois of Irijh filver thread, filver lace, or filver “ fringe, made of plate wire fpun upon filk

£.	sd.

j. d.

~~ I 10i



7 8

12 8

9i

7

7 8 5 9

B.

On importation into Ireland from Great Britain.

BEER.—For and upon every barrel containing thirty-two gallons, imported from Great Britain — GLASS BOTTLES.—For and upon each reputed quart -	-	-	-	—

LEATHER, unmanufactured.—For and upon each pound in every hide or Ikin, or piece of any fuch hide or (kin of what kind or denomination ioever, other than fuch as are herein-after mentioned and defcribed	-	-	—

For and upon each hide of horfes, mares, or geldings — For and upon all (kins called veal (kins, and all (kins of hogs, for every dozen (kins thereof, and after * the fame rate for any greater or lefs quantity — For and upon all (kins for fhoes and other like pur-pofes, and all feal (kins, for every dozen thereof, and after the fame rate for any greater or lefc quantity	-	-	-	—

For and upon all (kins for bookbinders ufe, for every dozen thereof, and after the fame rate for any greater or lefs quantity	-	—

For and upon all goat (kins tanned with (humack, or otherwifeto refemble Spanijh leather, and alHheep (kins tanned for roans, being after the nature of

4 6

— 1

1 —

5 -

2 6

1 —

Spanifk

 CjOOQle

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 67 ARTICLES.

£>•

Spanijh leather, for every pound weight avoirdupois	-	-	-	— —

For and upon all fheep and lamb fkins tanned for gloves and bafils, for every pound weight avoirdupois, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs

quantity -	-	-	-	—-------

LEATHER, drefled in oil.—For and upon every hide and fkin, and piece of fuch hide and fkin, other than fuch as are herein-after mentioned or deferibed, for every pound weight avoirdupois — — 2 For and upon all deer fkins, goat fkins, and beaver

fkins, for every pound weight thereof avoirdupois — — 3 For and upon all calf fkins, for every pound weight

thereof avoirdupois	-	-	    2

For and upon all fheep and lamb fkins, for every pound weight avoirdupois -	-	-	—•	—	—*

VELLUM and PARCHMENT.—For and upon

every dozen fkins of vellum ' -	  6

For and upon every dozen fkins of parchment — — 3 LEATHER, manufactured into goods and wares.—

For and upon all tanned leather manufactured into goods and wares, whereof leather is the moft valuable parr, the following duties ; videlicet.

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of tanned leather, manufactured and actually made into goods aod wares in Great Britain, of leather only, or of which leather makes the moft valuable part	-	-	-	.	-	—	—	I

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of tawed or drefTed leather, manufactured and actually made in Great Britain, of leather only, or of which leather makes the moft valuable part -	—	—	I

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of all buck and deer fkins, and elk fkins, drefled in oil, and manufactured into goods and wares in Great Britain, of leather only, or of which leather makes the moft valuable part	-	-	—	—	J

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of all fheep and lamb fkins drefled in oil, and manufactured into goods and wares in Great Britain, of leather only, or of which leather makes the moft valuable part -	-	-	-	—	«—	—\

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hides and fkins, not herein-beforeenumerated ordefcribed, drefled in oil, and manufactured into goods and wares in Great Britain, of Jeather only, or of which leather makes the moft valuable part — *— 2 PAPER.—For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of paper, fit or proper for, or that may be

,	 ^	oiufed

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 67* [i&oo* ARTICLES.

L' *' t-

ufed for or applied to the ufes or purpofes of writing, drawing, or printing, or either of them, and all elephant paper, and all cartridge paper - ~ —■ l\ For every pound weight avoirdupois of all coloured paper, and whited-brown papers, other than and except elephant and cartridge paper, fit or proper for the ufes or purpofes of Wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being ufed for or applied to the ufes or purpofes of writing! drawing, and printing, or either of them, and alfo except paper hangings	-	•	—	—	I

For every pound weight avoirdupois of brown paper, fit and proper for the ufe or purpofe of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper or capable of being ufcd for or applied to the ufes or purpofes of writing, drawing, or printing, or either of them - — — — For and upon everyone hundred weight of glased paper for clothiers and hotpreffers, and fo in pro* portion for any greater pr lefs quantity -	—	5	—

For and upon every one hundred weight of pafte-board, millboard, and fealeboard, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity -	—	10	—

For and upon every pound weight of every fort or kind of paper, not herein-before particularly enumerated or described, other than and except papers commonly called or known by the names of Sheathing Paper, and Button Paper or Button Board, and j Paper Hangings	-	-	—	—

STAINED PAPER.—For and upon every fquare yard of printed, painted, or fiained paper, for Hangings or other ufes, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity	-	-	—	—	1

For and upon every poundweightavoirdupois of books bound or unbound, and of maps or prints, which

(hall be imported into Ireland from Great Britain-2

CARDS.—For and upon every pack of printed,

» painted, or playing cards, made or manufadured in Great Britain	-	-	-	—	1	j

And a further duty of 2 -jrf. per pound weight.

DICE.—For and upon every pair of dice made or

manufaftured in Great Britain	-	—	10	—

WROUGHT PLATE.—For and upon every ounce troy weight of gold or filvcfr plate, which (hall be wrought, made, or manufa&ured in Gnat Britain, and imported into Ireland	- — —	6

SILK MANUFACTURE.—For and upon all filks being of the manUfa&ure of Great Britain, and imported dirc&ly from thence, the following duties $ videlicet,

For







i8oo.} Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 67.

ARTICLES.

£. 5. d.

For and upon all ribbons and fluffs of filks only, for every pound weight thereof containing fixteen ounces	-	-	-	—	21

Fof and upon all flllc and ribbons of filk, mixed with gold or filver, for every pound weight thereof containing fixteen ounces	-	-	— a g

For and upon all filk (lockings, filk gloves, lilk fringe, filk laces, ditching and fewing filk, for every pound weight thereof containing fixteen ounces	-	-	-	*	—13

Fop and upon all manufactures of filk not other wife enumerated or deferibed, for every pound weight thereof containing fixteen ounces	—18

For and upon all fluffs of filk and grogram yarn, the

peuid weight containing fixteen ounces -------------6

For and upon all fluffs of filk mixed with incle or cotton, the pound weight containing fixteen ounces	-	-	-	—- — 9

For and upon all fluffs of filk and worfted mixed, the pound weight containing fixteen ounces — — 4 For and upon all fluffs ©f filk mixed with any other material, the pound weight containing fixteen

ounces	-	-	-	---------

SPIRITS,—For and upon every gallon of fpirits, being of the manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence, a duty of	-	— 37

SUGAR, Refined—of the manufacture of Great Bri-tain, and imported directly from thence, the following duties$ videlicet,

For and upon all fugar called Bajlards, white or ground, the hundred weight containing 112 pounds	-	-	-	— 19 8

For and upon all fugar called Lumps, the hundred

weight containing 112 pounds	-	1 16 io£-

For and upon all fugar called Single Loaf Sugar, the hundred weight containing 112 pounds	-	1 19	4

For and upon all fugar called Powder Loaf mi Double Loaf, the hundred weight containing 112 pounds -	-	-	-	224

For and upon all fugar called Sugar Candy, brown, the hundred weight containing 112 pounds	1 16 10

For and upon all fugar called Sugar Candy, white, '

the hundred weight containing 112 pounds	224

For and upon all fugar refined of any other fort, the hundfed weight containing 112 pounds	-	224

SWEETS.—For and upon every barrel, containing thirty two gallons wine meafure, of Britijh fweets, or other Britijh liquor made by infufion, fermentation, or otberwife, from fruit or fugar, or from fruit and fugar mixed with any other material or

668 Atino regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 67. [1800.

ARTICLES.

ingredients whaffoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or diftinguifhed by the name of Made Wines	-	-	-

For and upon every gallon of mead or metheglin For and uporvevery barrel, containing thirty-two gallons, of vinegar	-

TOBACCO and SNUFF.—For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of unmanufactured tobacco, of the growth or produce of Great Britain, over and above any duty of cuftoms now payable	-

For and upon every pound weight of Britijh manufactured {hort cut tobacco, or tobacco manufactured into what is commonly called or known by the name of Spaniff For and upon every pound weight of Britijh manufactured (hag tobacco cut For and upon every pound weight of Britijh manufactured roll tobacco For and upon every pound weight of Britijh manufactured carrot tobacco For and upon every pound weight of every other fort of Britijh manufactured tobacco not hereinbefore enumerated or described For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of Britijh manufactured rappee fnuff For and upon every pound weight of Britijh manufactured fnuff called Scotch Snuff For and upon every pound weight of Britijh manufactured fnuff called Brown Scotch Snuff For and upon every pound weight of Britijh manufactured Italic flour For and upon every pound weight of every other fort or kind of Bntijh manufactured fnuff, or fnuff work, not herein-before enumerated or described	-	-	-

£. s. I

io —

---4

- 3-

- S

- i

----n

-- I —■&

— II

“ I —TTt

------IOf

-	i 4

-- 91

—	i 3

— 1 4

SCHEDULE.—Number Two.

Of the articles charged with the duties fpecified upon importation into Great Britain and Ireland reTpcftively, according to the Axth article' of union.

Apparel	-

Brafs, wrought Cabinet ware -Coaches and other carriages Copper, wrought

Cottons, other than callicoes and muflins Glafs

N 0

]|a

I

J



Haberdslhery



Haberdafhery	-	-	-

Hats	-

Tin plates, wrought iron and hard ware Gold and filver lace, gold and filver thread, bullion for lace* pearl, and fpangles Millinery	-	-	-	-	r

Paper Rained	-

Pottery	-	-

Saddlery and other manufa&ured leather Silk manufa£iure	-

Stockings	-	-	-	-	J

~ o



f= ^

o> ^

^ rv

31

C • a

669

ARTICLE SEVENTH.

That it be the feventh article of union, that the charge arifing from the payment of the intereft, and the finking fund for the in fn^d ^ reduction of the principal, of the debt incurred in either kingdom re^u&ion of before the union, (hall continue to be feparately defrayed by the debt of

Great Britain and Ireland refpetfively, except as herein-after ^,tncr .« *	co n, mail

provided:	,/	.	continue to be

That for the fpace of twenty years after the union fhall take defrayed replace, the contribution of Great Britain and Ireland refpeefively, parately. towards the expenditure of the united kingdom in each year, The expendi-(hall be defrayed in the proportion of fifteen parts for Great Bri~ tain and two parts for Ireland; and that at the expiration of the domto be faid twenty years, the future expenditure of the united kingdom defrayed and (other than the iotereft and charges of the debt to which either provided for country (hall be feparately liable) (hall be defrayed in fuch pro- ^s^rein portion as the parliament of the united kingdom fhall deem juit and reafonable upon a comparison of the real value of the exports and imports of the refpe&ive countries, upon an average of the three years next preceding the period of revifion ; or on a com-parifon of the * value of the quantities of the following articles confumed within the rcfpe&ive countries, on a fiiniiar average; videlicet, beer, fpirits, fugar, wine, tea, tobacco, am) malt; or according to the aggregate proportion refulting from both thefe confiderations combined; or on a comparifon of the amount of income in each country, eftimared from the produce for the fame period of a general tax, if fuch fhall have been impofed on the fame deferiptions of income in both countries ; and that the parliament of the united kingdom fhall afterwards proceed in like manner to revife and fix the faid proportions according to the fame rules, or any of them, at periods not more diftant than twenty years, nor lefs than feven years from each other; unlefs, previous to any fuch period, the parliament of the united kingdom (hall have declared, as herein-after provided, that the expenditure of the united kingdom (ball be defrayed indifcriminately, by equal taxes impofed on the like articles in both countries : that, for the defraying the faid expenditure according to the rules above laid down, the revenues of Ireland fhall hereafter conftitute a consolidated fund, which fhall be charged, in the firft inftance,

with





Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii IIL c. 67. [1800,

with the intereft of the debt of Ireland, and with the finking fund applicable to the reduction of the faid debt, and the remainder (hall be applied towards defraying the proportion of the ex-penditurc of the united kingdom, to which Inland may be liable in each year: that the proportion of contribution to which Great Britain and Ireland will be liable, (hall be raifed by fuch taxes ia j each country refpeflively, as the parliament of the united kingdom (hall from time to time deem fit: provided always. That in regulating the taxes in each country, by which their refpeflive proportions (hall be levied, no article in Ireland (hall be made liable to any new or additional duty, by which the whole amount of duty payable thereon would exceed the amount which will be thereafter payable in England on the like article: that, if at the end of any year any furplus (hall accrue from the revenues of Ireland, after defraying the intereft, finking fund, and proportional contribution and feparate charges to which the (aid country (hall then be liable, taxes (hall be taken off to the amount of fuch furplus, or the furplus (hall be applied by the parliament of the united kingdom to local purpofes in ]rela'nd,<x to make good any deficiency which may arife in the revenues of Ireland in time of peace, or be invefted, by the commiffionersof the national debt of Ireland, in the funds, to accumulate for the benefit of Ireland at compound intereft, in cafe of the contribution of Ireland in time of war ; provided that the furplus fo to accumulate (hall at no future period be fuffered to exceed the turn of five millions: that all monies to be raifed after the union, by loan, in peace or war, for the fervice of the united kingdom by the parliament thereof, (hail be confidered to be a joint debt, and the charges thereof (hall be borne by the refpe&ive countries in the proportion of their refpe&ive contributions; provided that, if at any time, in raifing their rcfpe<2ive contributions hereby fixed for each country, the parliament of the united kingdom (hall judge it fit to raife a greater proportion of fuch refpe&ive contributions in one country within the year than in the other, or to fet apart a greater proportion of finking fund for the liquidation of the whole or any part of the loan raifed on account of the one country than of that raifed on account of the other country, then fuch part of the faid loan, for the liquidation of which different provifions (hall have been made for the re-fpe&ive countries, (hall be kept diftinft, and (hall be borne by each feparately, and only that part of the faid loan be deemed joint and coipmon, for the redu&ion of which the re(pc£five countries (hall have made provifion in the proportion of their refpe&ive contributions: that, if at any future day the feparate debt of each country refpctftiveJy (hall have been liquidated, or, if the values of their refpe&ive debts (eftimated according to the amount of the intereft and annuities attending the fame, and of the finking fund applicable to the reduction thereof, and to the j period within which the whole capital of fuch debt (hall appear to I be redeemable by fuch (inking fund) (hall be to each other in the fame proportion with the refpeflivc cpntribution* of each country refpeolively j or if the amount by which the value of the

larger





6ji

1800 ] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 67.

larger of fuch debts (hall vary from fuch proportion, (hall not exceed one hundredth part of the faid value $ and if it (hall ap-" pear to the parliament of the united kingdom, that the refpedlive -- circumftances of the two countries will thenceforth admit of their contributing indifcriminately, by equal taxes impofed ott - the fame articles in each, to the future expenditure of the united kingdom, it (hall be competent to the parliament of the united •; kingdom to declare, that all future expence thenceforth to be ' incurred, together with the intereft and charges of all joint debts L'J contracted previous to fuch declaration, (hall be fo defrayed in-difcriminately by equal taxes impofed on the fame articles in each country, and thenceforth from time to time, as circum-> fiances may require, to impofe and apply fuch taxes accordingly, fubjedt only to fuch particular exemptions or abatements in Ire-■yl land\ and in that part of Great Britain called Scotland\ as cir-cumftances may appear from time to time to demand: that, from the period of fuch declaration, it (hall no longer be necefiary to regulate the contribution of the two countries towards the -> future expenditure of the united kingdom, according to any fpecifick proportion, or according to any of the rules herein-.5:	before preferibed ; provided neverthelefs, that the intereft or

^ charges which may remain on account of any part of the fepa-..::5 rate debt with which either country (hall be chargeable, and which fhall not be liquidated or confolidated proport ion ably as above, (hall, until extingui(hed, continue to be defrayed by I.feparate taxes in each country: that a fum, not lefs than the fum which has been granted by the parliament of Iceland on the average of fix years immediately preceding the fir ft day of January in the year one thoufand eight hundred, in premiums for the internal encouragement of agriculture or manufactures,

'or for the maintaining inftitutions for pious and charitable pur-1,; pefes, (hall be applied, for the period of twenty years after the ^ , union, to fuch loc^l purpofes in Ireland, in fuch manner as the parliament of the united kingdom lhall diredt: that, from and w after the firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and one, all publick revenue arifing to the united kingdom from the territorial dependencies thereof, arid applied to the general ex-",j penditure of the united kingdom, (hall be fo applied in the proportions of the refpedtive contributions of the two countries:

ARTICLE EIGHTH.

4

9.

;i

i

t

\\

All laws lit

That it be the eighth article of union. That all laws in force |^QCnata^faii at the time of rhe union, and all the courts of civil and ecclefi- COurrs of ju-aftical jurifdi&ion within the refpedtive kingdoms, lhall remain rifdidtion as now by law eftablilhed within the fame, fubjedl only to fuch within the re-alterations and regulations from time to time as circumftances may appear to the parliament of the united kingdom to require; remaj,n> fu^ provided that all writs of error and appeals, depending at the je<5t to fuch time of the union or hereafter to be brought, and which might alterations as now be finally decided by the houfe of lords of either kingdom, m*y aPP^ (hall, from and after the union, be finally decided by the houfe larlia. Vol.XLII.	Xx	ofmcntj^

Diaitized bv VjOOylL



All appeals to of lords of the united kingdom; and provided, That, from and be finally de. af£er the

union, there mall remain in Ireland an inftance court

cided by the p?ei s ot the united kingdom.

There fhall

of admiralty, for the determination of caufes, civil and maritime only, and that the appeal from fentences of the faid court (hall be to his Mojefty’s delegates in his court of chancery in that part

............ of	the united kingdom called Ireland; and that all laws at prefent

remain in [re- in force in either kingdom, which fliall be contrary to any of land a court the provifions which may be enabled by any a<Sl for carrying and appeait/> artic^es in*°	he	from and after the union repealed.

therefrom fhall be to the delegates in chancery there. All laws contrary to the provifions eru&ed for carrying thefe articles into effect to be repealed.

His Majefty having been pleafed to approve of the foregoing articles, it is enafted, That they fhall be the articles of union, and be in force for ever, from Jan. 1,1801; provided that feeforc that period an adt Shall have been patted in Ireland for carrying them into effedh

Recital of an adt of the parliament of Ireland to regulate the mode by which the lords and the commons, to ferve in the parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Ireland, fhall be fummoned and returned.

And whereas the faid articles having, by addrefs ofjbe refpec-tive houfes of parliament in Great Britain and Ireland, been burnt I) laid before his Majejly, his Majefty has been graciouflj pleafed to approve the fame ; and to recommend it to his two houfes of parliament in Great Britain and Ireland to confider of fuch meafures at may be necejfary for giving effeSi to the faid articles: in order, therefore, to give full effedt and validity to the fame* be it enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid foregoing recited articles, each and every one of them, according to the true import and tenor thereof, be ratified, confirmed, and approved, and be and they are hereby declared to be the articles of the union of Great Britain and Ireland, and the fame (hall be in force and have effeft for ever, from the firfl day of January which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand eight hundred and one; provided that before that period an a& (hall have been pafled by the parliament of Ireland, for carrying into effect, in the like manner, the laid foregoing recited articles.

if. And whereas an aft, intituled, An adl to regulate the mode by which the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, to ferve in the parliament of the united kingdom on.thepartof Ireland, fliall.be fummoned and returned to the faid parliament, • has been paffed by the parliament of Ireland ; the tenor whereof is cs follows ; * An a<5t to regulate tbe mode by which the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons to ferve in the parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Ireland, (hall be iummoned and returned to the faid parliament. Whereas it is agreed by the fourth article of union, That four lords fpiritual of Ireland, by rotation of feflions, and twenty-eight lords temporal of Ire-land, elected for life by the peers of Ireland\ fliall be the number to fit and vote on the part of Ireland in the houfe of lords of the parliament of the united kingdom ; and one hundred commoners

i two for each county of Ireland, two for the city of Dublin, two or the city of Cork^ one for the college of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, and one for each of the thirty-one moft confiderablc cities, towns, and boroughs) be the number to fit aad vote on

the





i8oo ] Anno regni quadragefirao Georgu III. c. 67.

the part of Ireland in the houfe of commons of the parliament of I the united kingdom ; be it en^dted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-■ tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That the faid four lords fpititual (hall be taken from among the lords fpiritual of Ireland in the manner following; that is to fay. That one of the four r archbifhops of Ireland^ and three of the eighteen bifhops of Ireland, {hall (it in the houfeof lords of the united parliament in - each fefBon thereof, the faid right of fitting being regulated a# between the faid archbifhops refpe&ively by a rotation among the archiepifcopal fees from feflion to feflion, and in like manner that of the biftiops by a like rotation among the epifcopal fees: That the primate of all Ireland for the time being (hall lit in the firft feflion of the parliament of the united kingdom, the arch-bifhop of Dublin for the time being in the fecond, the archbifhop of Cajhel for the time being in the third, the archbiftiop of Tuam for the time being in the fourth, and fo by rotation of feflions :	for ever, fuch rotation to proceed regularly and without inter-

ruption from feflion to feflion, not with handing any dilfolution or ; expiration of parliament: that three fuffragan biftiops fhall in like manner fit according to rotation of their fees, from feflion '. to feflion, in the following order; the lord bifhop of Meath, the lord biftiop of Kildare, the lord biftiop of Derry, in the firft feflion of the parliament of the united kingdom; the lord bifhop of Rapboe> the lord bifhop of Limerick, Ardfert> and Aghadoey the lord bifhop of Dromore, in the fecond feflion of the parliament of the united kingdom ; the lord bifhop of Elphin, the lord bifhop of Doivn and Connor, the lord bifhop of Waterford and \	Lifmore, in the third feflion of the parliament of tire united

kingdom; the lord biftiop of Leighlin and Ferns, the lord bifhop of Cloyney the lord biftiop of Cork and Rofs> in the fourth feflion of the parliament of the united kingdom ; the lord bifhop of Killaloe and Kiifenora, the lord bifhop of Kiimore, the lord biftiop x of Cioghery in the fifth feflion of the parliament of the united kingdom; the lord bifhop of OJfory, the lord biftiop of Killala and Acbonry^ the lord biftiop of Clonfert and Kilmacduaghy in the fixth feflion of the parliament of the united kingdom; the faid rotation to be neverthelefs fubject to fuch variation therefrom from time to time as is herein-after provided: that the (2id twenty-eight lords temporal (hall be chofen by 2II the temporal peers of Ireland in the manner herein-after provided ; that each of the faid lords temporal fo chofen fhall be entitled to fit in the i*‘	houfe of	lords of the parliament of the united kingdom during

f\	his life;	and in cafe of his death, or forfeiture of any of the

laid lords temporal, the temporal peers of Ireland fhall, in the £ manner herein-after provided, choofe another peer out of their 4 own number to fupplj the place fo vacant. And be it enadted, ¥,	That of	the one hundred commoners to fit on the part of Ire-

1*	land in the united parliament, ftxty-four (hall be chofen for the

4 counties* and thirty-fix for the following cities and boroughs,

673

X X 2

videli

Anno regni quadragefifno Georgii III. c. 67, [1800, videlicet: For each county of Ireland two; for the city of Dublin two; for the city of Cork tvto; for the college of the Holy Trinity of Dublin one; for the city of Waterford one *, for the city of Limerick one; for the borough of Belfajl one; for the county and town of Drogheda one; for the county and town of Carrickfergus one; for the borough of Newry one; for the city of Kilkenny one; for the city of Londonderry one; for the town of Galway one; for the borough of Clonmellone; for the town of Wexford one; for the town of Youghati one; for the town of Bandon-Bridge one; for the borough of Armagh one; for rhe borough of Dundalk one; for the town of Kinfale one; for the borough of Lijburne one ; for the borough of Sligo one; for the borough of Catherlough one; for the borough of Ennis one; for the borough of Dungarvan one; for the borough of Downpatrick one; for the borough of Colraine one; for the town of JMsu;	1

one; for the borough of Athlone one; for the town of New Rofs	1

one; for the borough of Tralee one; for the city of Cajhdone;	!

for the borough of Dungannon one; for the borough of Portar-	I

lington one; for the borough of Ennijkillen one. And be it	1

ena&ed, That in cafe of the fummoning of a new parliament,	1

or if the feat of any of the faid commoners fball become vacant	*

by death or otherwife, then the faid counties, cities, or boroughs,	J

or any of them, as the cafe may be, fhall proceed* to a new	^

election ; and that all the other towns, cities, corporations, or	a

boroughs, other than the aforefaid, fhall ceafe to ele<ft reprefen-	P

tatives to ferve in parliament; and no meeting (hall at any time	\

hereafter be fummoned, called, convened, or held, for the pur-pofe of ele&ing any perfon or perfons to ferve or ad, or be	l:

confidered, as reprefentative or reprelentatives of any other	k

place, town, city, corporation, or borough, other than the	*

aforefaid, or as reprefentative or reprefen tatives of the freemen,	*

freeholders, houfeholders, or inhabitants thereof, either in the	0

parliament of the united kingdom or elfewhere, (unlefs it fhall	fc

hereafter be otherwife provided by the parliament of the united kingdom); and every perfon fummoning, calling, or holding	*

any fuch meeting or aflcmbly, or taking any part in any fuch	tt

election or pretended ele&ion, fhall, being thereof duly convifled,	ft

incur and fuffer the pains and penalties ordained and provided	«i

by the ftatute of provifion and praemunire, made in the fixteenrh	t*

year of the reign of	the Second. For the due eletfion , g

of the perfons to be chofen to fit in the refpe&ive houfes of the	t

parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Ireland^ belt	3

enaded. That on the day following that on which the z& for	1

eftablifhing the union fhall have received the royal affent, the	c

primate of ail Ireland\ the lord bifhop of Meath, the lord bifhop j £ of Kildare, and the lord bifhop of Derry, fhall be, and they are j \ hereby declared to be the reprefen tatives of the lords fpiritual of , c Ireland in the parliament of the united kingdom, forthefirft	ti

feffion thereof; and that the temporal peers of Ireland fhall	$

aflemble at twelve of the clock on the fame day as aforefaid, in	<j

the now accuftomed place of meeting of the houfe of lords of	rt

Ireland, „

 v^ooqIc

iSoo.] Aano regni quadragefimo Georgii IIL c. 67.

Ireland, and fhall then and there proceed to ele£t twenty-eight lords temporal to reprefent the peerage of Ireland in the parliament of the united kingdom, in the following maimer; that is to fay, The names of the peers (hall be called over according to their rank, by the clerk of the crown, or his deputy, who fhall then and there attend for that purpofe; and each of the faid peers, who, previous to the faid day, and in the prefent parliament (hall have actually taken his feat in the houfe of lords of Ireland\ and who fhall there have taken the oaths, and figoed the declaration, which are or fhall be by law required to be taken and figned by the lords of the parliament of Ireland before they can fit and vote in the parliament hereof, (hall, when his name is called, deliver, either by himfclf or by his proxy (the name of fuch proxy having been previoufty entered in the books of the houfe of lords of Ireland, according to the prefent forms and ufages thereof) to the clerk of the crown, or his deputy (who fhall then and there attend for that purpofe), a lift of twenty-eight of the temporal peers of Ireland ; and the clerk of the crown or his deputy (hall then and there publickly read the faid lifts, and (hail then and there caft up the faid lifts, and publickly declare the names of the twenty-eight lords who (hall be chofen by the majority of votes in the (aid lifts, and fhall make a return of the faid names to the houfe of lords of the firft parliament of the united kingdom; and the twenty-eight lords fo chofen by the majority of votes in the faid lifts (hall, during their refpe&ive lives, fit as reprefentatives of the peers of Ireland in the houfe of lords of the united kingdom, and be entitled to receive writs of fummons to that and every fucceeding parliament; and in cafe a complete ele&ion (hall not be made of the whole number of twenty-eight peers, by reafon of an equality of votes, the clerk of the crown fhall return fuch number in favour of whom a complete eledlion fhall have been made in one lift, and in a fecond lift {hall return the names of thofe peers who fhall have an equality of votes, but in favour of whom, by reafon of fuch equality, a complete election (hall not have been made, and the names of the peers in the fecond lift, for whom an equal number of votes (hall have been fo given, (hall be written on pieces of paper of'a fimilar form, and (hall be put into a glafs by the clerk of the parliament of the united kingdom, at the table of the houfe of lords thereof, whilft the houfe.is fitting, apd the peer whofe name fhall be iirft drawn out by the clerk of the parliament, (hall be deemed the peer eletfed; and fo fuc-ceffively as often as the cafe may require ; and whenever the feat of any of the twenty-eight lords temporal fo elefted (hall be vacated by deceafe or forfeiture, the chancellor, the keeper or commiffioners of the great feal of the united kingdom for, the time being, upon receiving a certificate under the hand and feal of any two lords temporal of the parliament of the united kingdom, certifying the deceafe of fuch peer, or on view of the record of attainder of fuch p<fer, (hall direct a writ to be iflued under the great feal of the united kingdom, teethe chancellor,

X X 2	Digitized	fc)y	V

Anno regni qnadragcfimo Georgii III. c. 67'. [1800.

the keeper or commiflioners of the great feal of Ireland for the time being, directing him or them to caufe writs to be ilTued, by the clerk of the crown in Ireland, to every temporal peer of Ireland, who (hall have fat and voted in the houfe of lords of Ireland before the union, or whofe right to fit and vote therein, or to vote at fuch elections, fhall, on claim made on hfc behalf, have been admitted by the houfe of lords of Ireland before the union, or after the union by the houfe of lords of the united kingdom; and notice fhall forthwith be publiffied by the faid clerk of the crown, in the London and Dublin gazettes, of the ifl'uing of fuch writs, and of the names and titles of all the peers to whom the fame are directed; and to the faid writs there (hall be annexed a form of return thereof, in which a blank (hall be left for the name of the peer to be cle&ed, and the faid writs (hall enjoin each peer, within fifty-two days from the tefte of the writ, to return the fame into the crown office of Ireland with the blank filled up, by inferring the name of the peer for whom he (hall vote, as the peer to fucceed to the vacancy made by demife or forfeiture as aforefaid; and the faid writs and returns fhall be bipartite, fo as that the name of the peer to be chofen fhall be written twice, that is, once on each part of fuch writ and return, and fo as that each part may alfo be fbbfcribcd by the peer to whom the fame fhall be direfled, and likewife be fealed with his feal of arms; and one part of the faid writs and returns fo filled up, fubferibed and fealed as above, fhall remain of record in the crown office of Ireland, and the other part fhall be certified by the clerk of the crown to the clerk of the parliament of the united kingdom ; and no peer of Ireland, except fuch as fhall have been elected as reprefeniative peers on the part of Ireland in the houfe of lords of the united kingdom, and (hall there have taken the oaths, and fignd the declaration prelcribed by law, fhall, under pain of fuffering fuch punifhment as the houfe of lords of the united kingdom may award and adjudge, make a return to fuch writ, unleis he (ball, after the i(Iuing thereof, and before the day on which the writ is returnable, have taken the oaths and fjgned the declaration which are or (hall be by law required to be taken and figned by the lords of the united kingdom, before they can fit and vote in the parliament thereof; which oaths and declaration (ball be either taken and fubferibed in the court of chancery of IrehrJ, or before one of his Majefty’s jufiices of the peace or that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, a ceriificate whereof, figned by fuch juftices of the peace, or by the regifter of the Lid court of chancery, (hall be tranfmitted by fuch peer with the return, and fhall he annexed to that part thereof remaining of record in the crown office of Ireland; and the clerk of the crown fhall forthwith after the re^prn dav of the writs, caufe to be publifhed in the London and Dublin gazettes, a notice of the name of the perfon chofen by the majority of votes; and the peer fo chofen (hall, during his life, be one of the peers to fit and vote on the part of Ireland in the houfe of lords of tbe united kingdom; and in cafe the votes fhall be equal, the names

 

i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 67.	677

of fuch perfons who have an equal number of votes in their favour, (hall be written on pieces of paper of a fimilar form, and (hall be put into a glafs by the clerk of the parliament of the united kingdom, at the table of the houfe of lords, whilft the houfe is fitting, and the peer whofe n?m3 (hall be firft drawn out by the clerk of the parliament (hall be deemed the peer elefted. And be it enafted. That in cafe any lord fpiritual, being a temporal peer of the united kingdom, or being a temporal peer of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland,

(hall be chofcn by the lords temporal to be one of the reprefen-tafives of the lords temporal, in every fuch cafe, during the life of fuch fpiritual peer being a temporal peer of the united kingdom, or being a temporal peer of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, fo chofen to reprefent the lords temporal, the rotation of reprefentaiion of the fpiritual lords (hall -proceed to the next fpiritual lord, without regard to fuch fpiritual lord fo chofen a temporal peer, that is to fay, If fuch fpiritual lord (hall be an archbidiop, then the rotation (hall proceed to the archbifhop whofe fee is next in rotation, and if fuch fpiritual lord fhall be a fuffragan bifhop, then the rotation (hall proceed to the fuffragan bifhop whofe fee is next in rotation. And whereas by the faid fourth article of union it is agreed that, if his Majefty fhall, on or before the firft day of January next, declare, under the great feal of Great Britain, that it is expedient that the lords and commons of the prefent parliament of Great Britain fhould be the members of the refpetfive houfes of the firft parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Great Britain^ then the lords and commons of the prefent parliament of Great Britain (hall accordingly be the members of the refpec-tive houfes of the firft parliament of the united kingdom on the part of Great Britain \ be it enadled, for and in that cafe only.

That the prefent members of the thirty-two counties of Ireland,, and the two members for the city of Dublin, and the two members for the city of Cork, (hall be, and they are hereby declared to be, by virtue of this amembers for the faid counties and cities in the firft parliament of the united kingdom ; and that, on a day and hour to be appointed by his Majefty under the great feal of Ireland, previous to the faid firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and one, the members then ferving for the college of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, and for each of the following cities or boroughs, that is to fay. The city of Waterfordy city of Limerick, borough of Belfajl, county and town of Drogheda, county and town of Carrickfergui, borough of Neu/ryy city of Kilkenny, city of Londonderry, town of Gahuoy% borough of Clonmelly town of Wexford, town of To ug h ally town of Bandon-Bridge% borough of Armagh, borough of Dundalky town of Kinfale, borough of Lijburne, borough ot Sligo, borough of Catherloughy borough of Ennis, borough of Dungarvany borough of Downpatrick, borough of Coleraine, town of Mallow, borough of Athhney town of New Rofsf borough of Tralee9 city of Cajhcly borough of Dungannon, borough of Portarl'wgton, and borough

 G(?6gle

678 x Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 67. [1800. j

of Ennijkilkn, or any five or more of them, (ball meet in the .j now ufual place of meeting of the houfe of commons of IreM> and the names of the members then ferving for the faid places j and boroughs,* (hall be written on feparate pieces of paper, and the faid papers being folded up, (hall be placed in a glafsor glaffes, and (hall fucceflively be drawn thereout by the clerk of the crown, or his deputy, who (hall then and there attend for that purpofe; and the firft drawn name of a member of each of * the aforefaid places or boroughs (hall be taken as the name of the member to ferve for the faid place or borough in the firft parliament of the united kingdom ; and a return of the faid names (hall be made by the clerk of the crown, or his deputy, to the houfe of commons of the firft parliament of the united kingdom ; and a certificate thereof (hall be given refpeflively by . the faid clerk of the crown, or his deputy, to each of the mem-bers whofe names (hall have been fo drawn: provided always, That it may be allowed to any member of any of the faid places or boroughs, by perfonal application, to be then and* there made by him to the clerk of the crown or his deputy, or by declaration in writing under his hand, to be tranfmi:tcd by him to the clerk of the crown previous to the faid day fo appointed as above, to withdraw his name previous to the drawing of the names by lot; in which cafe, or in that pf a vacancy by death or other-wife of one of the members of any of the faid places or boroughs, at the time of fo drawing the names, the name of the other member fhall be returned as aforefaid as the name of the member to ferve for fuch place in the firft parliament of the united kingdom; or if both members for any fuch place or borough (hall fo wirhdraw their names, or if there (hall be a vacancy of both members at the time aforefaid, the clerk of the crown (hall certify the fame to the houfe of commons of the firft parliament of the united kingdom, and (hall alfo exprefs, in fuch return, whether any writ (hall then have iffued for the ele&ion of a member or members to fupply fuch vacancy; and if a writ (hall fo have iffued for the election of one member only, fuch writ (hall be fuperfeded, and any eledlion to be thereafter made thereupon (hall be null and of no effeeft; and if fuch writ (hall have / iffued for the ele&ion of two members, the faid two members (hall be chofen accordingly, and their names being returned by the clerk of the crown to the houfe of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom, one of the faid names fnall then be drawn, by lot, in fqch manner and time as the faid houfe of QDmmons (hall dirert ; and the perfon whofe name (hail be fo drawn, (hall be deemed to be the member to fit for fuch place in the firft parliament of the united kingdom; but if^ at the time .

- aforefaid,-no writ (hall have iffued to fupply fuch vacancy, none (hall thereafter iffue until the fame be ordered by refolutiou of the houfe of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom, j as ip thp cafe of any other vacancy of a feat in the houlc of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom. And be it » Cnadled, That whenever his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, '

(hall,

 

•i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii IN. c. 68, 69	679

(hall, by proclamation under the great Teal of the united kingdom fummon a new parliament of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ the chancellor, keeper or commiffioners of the great feal of Ireland, (hall caufe writs to be iffued to the feveral counties, cities, the college of the Holy Trinity of Dublin, and boroughs in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, fpecified in this aft, for the election of members to ferve in the parliament of the united kingdom, according to the numbers herein-before fet forth; and whenever any vacancy of a feat in the houfe of commons of the parliament of the united kingdom, for any of the faid counties, cities, or boroughs, or for the faid college of the Holy Trinity of Dublin,

(hall arife, by death or otherwife, the chancellor, keeper, or commiffioners of the great feal, upon fuch vacancy being certified to them refpeftively, by the proper warrant, (hall forthwith caufe a writ to iffuc for the election of a perfon to fill up fuch vacancy; • and fuch writs, and the returns thereon, refpeftively being returned into the crown office in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland, (hall from thence be tranfmitted to the crown office in that part of the united kingdom called England, and be certified to the houfe of commons in the fame manner as the like

returns have been ufually or (hall hereafter be certified; and copies of the faid writs and returns, nttefted by the chancellor, keeper or commiffioners of the great feal of Ireland for the time being, (hall be preferved in the crown office of Ireland, and (hall be evidence of fuch writs and returns, in cafe the original writs	a<^to

and returns (hall be loft;* be it enabled. That the (aid aft, fo p^ofthis * herein recited, be taken as a part of this ad, and be deemed to aft. all intents and purpofes incorporated within the fame.	The great

III. And be it ena&ed, Th rt the great feal of Ireland may, of Ireland if his Majefty (hall fo think fit, -after the union, be ufed in like manner as before the union, except where is otherwife pro-	afttT

vided by the foregoing articles, within that part of the united the union, be kingdom called Ireland; and that his Majefty may/, fo long as ufed there in x he (hall think fit, continue the privy council of Ireland to be his ^bTore^ex privy council for that part of the united kingdom called Ireland. cep^where

otherwife

CAP.	LXVIII.	provided by

-	.	the forceoin^

An aft	for	extending	the powers of	the commiffioners	named	in an	aft,	articles* and!

made	in this	prefent	l'eflion of parliament, intituled,	An	aft	for	ap-	^ Madfty

pointing commiffioners to put in execution an aft of this feffion of may continue parliament, intituled, * An aft tor continuing and granting to his the privy Majefty a duty on penftons, offices, and perfonal eitates, in England, council of Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain duties on Ireland, fugar, malt, tobacco, and fnuff, for the fervice of the year one thou*

(and eight hundred,’ together with thofe named in two former afts, for appointing commiffioners of the land tax ? for indemnifying fuch perfons, named in the faid aft, as have afted as commiffioners of the land tax; and for rendering valid certain afts done by them.—[July y, iSoo.]

CAP LXIX.

An aft for repealing the duties on perfumery and on licences for vending the fame.—[July o, 1800.]

Digit zWHERg&£

6So Preamble. 16 Gto 3.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 69. [1800.

152

w HERE AS by an aft, made in the twenty fixth year of tht

c. 49.

reign of his prefetit Alajejly, intituled. An a<S for granting to his Majefly certain (lamp duties on perfumery, hair powder, and other articles therein mentioned, and on licence? to betaken out by perfons uttering or vending the fame, it was among/! other things enafted, That, from and after the fifth day of July cm thou find feven hundred and eighty fix, there jhould be raifed, levied, cell:tied, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, dr-tain Jiomp duties on the feveral wares and other articles therein-7Mentioned, which Jhould be uttered, vended\ or expojed to fali io Great Britain, according to the refpeftive prices thereof therein-mention id, and on licences taken out by perfons uttering or vending the fame : and whereas it is expedient that the duties granted by the fud ncittd aft jhould be repealed: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be ena<5ted; and be it cnafled by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conftm of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent- parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the

From July 5, fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufmd tics°oi)t!'hundred, the feveral and refpediive duties granted by live fa id	on the feveral wares and other articles therein-mentioned.

arrears.

furriery and	a& on the feveral wares and other articles therein-mentioned,

licences im- and on licences for vending the fame, fhali ceale and determine; pofcil by re- and that theu and from thenceforth all the powers and autbori-C*t*ded^exc" t t’es S*vcn a°d granted, and the rules and regulations eftablilhed ptae »exctPcan(j prefcr‘,bed by the faid recited adl, in relation to the managing, fecuring, ascertaining, colledling, recovering, levying, and paying the faid duties, and all penalties and forfeitures in refpefl thereof, (lull alfo ceafe and determine; fave and except in all caf.s relating to the recovering of any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the faid duties, and to the accounting for the fame, or to any penalty or forfeiture which fhali have been incurred upon or at any time before the faid fifth day of July one thoufand eight hundred.

II. And whereas many per fons dealing in perfumery may have in their cu/lody or pojjtjficn divers covers, wrappers, or labels, /lamped

or marked according to the provifiotis of the faid recited aft, which Perfons hav- fhali not have been ufed in the file or difpofal of any wares; be it

rtamPs* therefore ena&ed. That it fhali be lawful for all perfons who citedadh in~ ^ave t^ie*r cuftQCty or pofleflion any fuch (lamped covers, their poffef. wrappers, or labels as aforefaid, to bring or fend the Came unto tion, which the commiffioners of the ftamp duties at their head office, and it have not been fhali be lawful for the faid commiffioners of (lamps, and they are brine ihiT hereby authorifed, upon due proof upon oath made to the fans-fame to the ~fa£tion of the faid commiffioners (which oath the faid commif-ftamp office, fioners, or any one or more of them, are hereby authorifed to and the com- adminifter) that fuch ftamped covers, wrappers, or labels have ^ithorifed to ^ona fa* not ^een u^e(* l^e or difpofal of any wares within the intent and meaning of the faid recited a<$f, to (lamp and mark, or caufe to be ftamped or marked, for the feveral perfons who (hall fo bring or deliver any quantity of fuch ftamped covers, wrappers, or labels* any vellum, parchment, or paper,

ftamped

prder other llamps to he delivered to them of the V'ke value in lieu thereof.





. the

kri|

p

inti.

con

1800.] Anno rcgni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 70, 71.	63a

damped with any damps of the like value with the amount of the faid damped covers, wrappers, or labels, and of fuch de-fcription of damps as (hall be required by any fuel) perfon or perfons as aforefaid, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly for the fame, any fum or fums of mousy or other % confideration whatever.

An aft to exempt from duty wajle paper imported into this kingdom, for the purfofe of being re - manufaft u red, except the duty impefed by an aft of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prejent Mojejiy^ for the better proteftion of the trade of this kingdom, and for granting new and additional duties of cufloins on goods imported and exported.—[July 9, 1800.]

XU HEREAS it is expedient to encourage the importation of Preamble.

vv wajle papery for the purpofe of being re-manufactured in this kingdom ; be it therefore enaited by the Kind's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conient of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and No duty ex-after the pafling of this adt, no duty, except the duty impofed by an a<d of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his prefent miJc?76 Majefty, intituled, 4 An aft for the better protection of the trade (hall be paid * of this kingdomy and for granting new and additional duties of cuf- on the impor-toms on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of certain tall°nof waile Jhips entering outwards or inzvards to or from foreign parts, until vfXed it'S"in the figning the preliminary articles of peaccy fhall be paid or pay- a iUte fit for able upon the importation of any wafte paper whatever; provided no other pur-the fame fhall, upon the importation thereof, be in a date fo as P°^c	re~

to render it wholly and entirely unfit for any other purpofe than manu	ure'

that of being re-manufactured; and provided alfo, that the fame (ball be duly entered and regularly landed in the prefence of the proper officers appointed for that purpofe.

An aft to author ife bakers and other perfons to fell bread to his Majefty's forces on their marchy which Jhall not have been baked twenty four hoursy and to indemnify all perfon s by whom fuch head may have been fo fold.—[July 9, 1800.J

WHEREAS an aft was made in this prefent feffton of parlia- Preamble.

menty intituledy An a<d to prohibit, until the expiration C. 18. of this, of fix weeks after the commencement of the next fefTion of par-liament, any perfon or perfuns from felling any bread which (hall not have been baked a certain time: and whereas it may have been neceffaiy to fupply his Majefty's troops on their marchy and on their fir ft ai rival in any town or plaee9 with bread which had not been baked for the period of time required by the faid afty whereby bakers and other perfon? may have incurred divers penalties : and whereas it is expedient that fuch bakers and other perfons fbouhi

CAP. LXX.

CAP. LXXT.



Recited aft not to extend to bakers felling to his Majefty's troops on their march, See. bread which has not been baked 34 hours.

Preamble.

19 Geo. 3. c. 4S> recited,

Grants exempted from ftamp duties by recited aft to continue exempted from all fuch duties.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 72. [1800.

be relieved from fuch penalties, and that it Jhould be lawful to fup• ply his MajeJly's troops during their march, and on their ferft arrival in any town or place, with bread which Jhall not have been baked for the period mentioned in the /aid aft : be it therefore enacted by the King’s mo$ excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, T hat the faid recited aft (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any baker or other perfon who, fioce the palEng of the faid aft, has fold qr delivered, or offered or expofed to Tale, or who during the continuance of the faid aft (ball fell or deliver, or offer or expofe to fale, any bread which had not or (hall not have been baked twenty-four hours, to or for the ufe of any of his Majclty’s troops on their march, or within twenty-four hours after their arrival, at any quarter, barrack, or canton, ment, and every fuch baker or other perfon (hall be and is hereby freed and difeharged from all penalties and forfeitures inflicted by the faid recited aft, in refpeft of any bread fold, or offered or expofed to fale, to or for the ufe of his Majefty’s troops as aforefaid ; and all proceedings already had for the recovery of any fuch penalty or forfeiture (hall be forthwith flayed.

CAP. LXXII.

An aft to amend feveral laws relating to the duties on Jlatnfd vellum, parchment^ and paper.—[July 9, 1800]

WHEREAS by an aft, pajfed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to enable the • chancellor and council of the duchy of Loncafeer to fell and dif-pofe of certain fee farm rents and other rents, and to enffanchife copyhold and cuftomary tenements within their furvey, and to encourage the growth of timber on lands held of the faid duchy, it is enafted, That where the money to be paid, as the confederation money for any grant, conveyance, or affurance of the faid rents, Jhall not exceed the fum of ten pounds, fuch grants, conveyances, and ajfurances, under the feal of the faid ducljy, Jhall be fubjett to no jlamp duty for the fame: and whereas, fence the pajfeng of the faid aft, certain additional and new ftamp duties have been granted: and whereas doubts have arifen whether the faid provifms of the fail recited aft of the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefej continue in force; and alfo, whether the faid grants and ajfurances, which are thereby exempted from ftamp duty, are alfo exempted from the Jlbmp duties granted fence the pafftng of tie faid act j be it therefore enafted, and it is hereby declared and enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all fuch grants, aflurances, and conveyances as aforefaid > (hall be, remain, and continue exempted from the feveral ftamp duties granted, as well fince the paffing of the (aid recited aft of the nineteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty as before





j8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 72.	683

fore the parting: thereof, any a£t or a<£ls to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

II.	And whereas, by an aft made in the thirtyfevent h year of the 37 Geo. 3. reign of his prefent Mdjefty, intituled, An a& for granting to his c* 9°* rccltcd> Majefty certain (lamp duties on the feveral matters therein-mentioned, and for better fecuring the duties on certificates to

be taken out by folicitors, attornics, and others, pradtifing in certain courts of juftice in Great Britain, a ftamp duty of fix Jhillings and eight-pence is chargeable upon every fkin or piect of vellum or parchment, or Jheet or piece of paper, on which any copy, purporting to be a true copy, or attefted to be a true copy of any indenture, Ietife, or other deed, or any part thereof for the fecurity or ufe of any perfon, other than the perfon having or being entitled to the cujlody of fuch indenture, leafe, or other deed, Jhould, from and after the fifth day of July one thoufand frven hundred and ninety-feven, be ingroffed, printed, or written : and whereas it is expedient that the faid duty Jhould be repealed, except as herein-afur is provided, arid other duties granted in lieu thereof: be it therefore enadted, That, from and after the firft day of Augnjl one thou- andfromAug. fand eight hundred, the faid ftamp duty of fix (hillings and l2°j’uVle0f eight-pence, charged and payable by the faid recited a £ as	^	°

aforefaid, (hall ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or every fheet of payable, fave and except as herein-after is mentioned and pro- a copy of any vided; and fave alfo and except as to any arrears of the faid	of’an^

duties which may, on the faid firft day of Auguft, remain unpaid, but theperlbri or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or for-entitled to the feitures, relating thereto, which (hall have been incurred at any cu.'tody of tiie time before or on the faid firft: day of Auguft, and the feveral indenture, repowers, prfcvifions, and remedies for recovering the famepcae * refpe&ively.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing but not to herein contained (hall be conftrued to repeal, or in any manner extend to ' affedt the duties granted by the faid a<5t, fo far as the fame re- f^uThy°of * late to any copy of any indenture, leafe, or other deed, or any any pa;ty to part thereof, made or to be made for the fecurity or ufe of any an indenture perfon or perfons being a party or parties to the fame indenture, cullod^ of leafe, or other deed, and not having the cuftody of the original ]orig?nal,° indenture, leafe, or other deed, or of any counterpart or dupli- &c#

cate thereof, or where fuch copy (hail not be made in lieu of

fuch original indenture, leafe, or other deed.	From Aue. ?,

IVy And be it further enabled. That, from and after the faid	lieu

firft day of Augujl, there (hall, in lieu of the duties hereby re-pealed, be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the there iliall be kingdom of Great Britain, unto his Majefty, his heirs and fuc- paid a (tamp ceflors, a ftamp duty of fixpence upon every piece of vellum or duty of 6d. parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, upon which any copy,	b^copy^C

purporting to be a true copy, or attefted to be a true copy, of intended for any indenture, leafe, or other deed, or any part thereof, (hall anyotherthan be ingroffed, written, or printed, for, or for the fecurity or ufe parties to of, any perfon or perfons, other than any or either of the par- noVhavIngThe ties to the fame indenture, leafe, or other deed or deeds, and^u<t0dythere-'	^-not	of, &c.

Digitized*by v^iOO^lC

684	Anno	regni	quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 72. [1800.

not having the cuftody of fuch original indenture, leafe, or other deed, or any duplicate or counterpart thereof, or where fuch copy /hall not be made in lieu of any fuch original indenture, leafe, or ether deed.

Duties to be V. And be it further enafted, That for the more effeftually Uad^nentof ' I(evy*ng* collecting, and paying the faid duties herein-before the*coiiimif- granted, the fame fhall be under the government, care, and ii-ners for management of the commiffioners for the time being appointed ftamps. to manage the duties charged on ftamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are required and empowered to employ the nece/Tary officers under them for that purpofe, and to caufe fuch new ftamp to be provided to denote the faid netf and additional duty as fhall be requifite in that behalf, and to alter or renew the fame refpeftively from time to time, and to do all other things neceflary to be done for putting this aft in execution, with relation to the duties herein-beforc granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner, as they or the major part of them are authorifed to put in execution any foimer law concerning ftamped vellum, parchment, or paper. Number of VI. And be it further enafted, That the number of ftamps onever t0 Put cn everY fuch-copy (hall be calculated and afeertained copy to be y *n like manner, and according to fuch and the like rules, in calculated ac- every refpeft, as are contained in the faid herein laft-before cording to lali recited aft, with refpeft to the faid duty of fix (hillings and which^ffiafi* eight-pence; and all the cJaufes, provifions, rules, penalties, .extend to the forfeitures, matters, and things, relating to the faid duty of fix duty hereby (hillings and eight-pence, or preferibed in the (aid laft recited granted. aft, with refpeft to any copies, purporting to be true copies, or attefted to be true copies, of any indentures, leafcs, or other deeds, (hall be extended, applied, and put in practice, and (hall continue and be in force, for the damping every fuch copy as aforefaid, charged with any duty by this aft, or for the raifiog, levying, and collecting the duty hereby granted refpeftively, in the like manner and as fully and effeftually as if the faid ciaufes, provifions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, had been re-enafted in this aft.

VII.	And whereas by an a3, faff'd in the twenty-fifth year of tbe 35 Geo. 3. reign of his prefent Majetty, intituled, An aft for granting to his c. 8o, recited. Majcfty certain duties on certificates, to be taken out by foJici-tors, attornics, and ethers, praftifing in certain courts of juftice in Great Britain, and certain other duties with refpeft to warrants, mandates, and authorities, to be entered or filed of record, as therein-mcivicned; and of another aft, paffed in tbe thirty-Jeventh year of his prefent Majejly s reign, intituled. An aft for grafting to his Majefty certain ftamp duties on the fcveral matters therein-mentioned ; and for better fecuring the duties on certificates to be taken out by folicitors, attornies, and others, praftifing in certain courts of juft ice in Great Britain, certain duties are granted on certificates to be taken out by certain notaries therein deferibed: and whereas doubts have nrifen, whether notaries, not being admitted in any courts, are liable to the faid duties; for

1

u

ot

3!

2

1

0

)!

!

2 V \ (

I

 

i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii IJI. c. 72.	685

remedy whereof, be it enabled, Thar, from and after the firft day From Nov. i,

of November one thoufand eight hundred, every perfon who (hall without

act as a publick notary, or ufe or exercile the office of a notary h:\vin r takeu

in any manner, or do any notarial act whatsoever, without hav- out their

ing been duly admitted in the court or courts wherein notaries certificate, to

are ufually admitted, and without having delivered in his name	.

and ufual place of rcfiJence, and taken out fuch certificate as is jncapab.c of

directed in and by the laid laft recited acls of the twenty-fifth atfing.

and thirty-feventh years of the reign of his prefent Majcffiv, or

one of them, Avail, for every inch offence, forfeit anJ pay the

fum of fifty pounds, and (hall be and is hereby made incapable

to do any a$, matter, or thing as a notary publick, or recover

any fee or reward on account of any fuch aei, matter, or thing,

without fuch certificate as aforelaid ; and every fuch penalty (hail

be recoverable and recovered, and applied in like manner in

every refpect as any penalty of the like value im poled by the laid

laft recited adfs, or cither of them, may be recovered 3ini applied.

V 111. And whereas the provifion contained in an cu7, Palled in the iSpeo. V

,	 r	AJ___- d _r i:. ,	r. • n • .	.	_	-i	c. 63. recited;

thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Mayefly, intituled, An ad ^

for granting to hrs Majefty certain damp duties on lea infur- ;,R euads that

ances, by which it is enafted, That the co?nvifi:ncrs or officers in the com mi t-

the j'aid act mentioned J})all not he required to provide, at the publick h,)n -rs* f -1 J	a j 1	, r \ ;• • r ■	i	(hall not be

charge, any Jtampcd parchment for policies of nijurance, where tne rc^u;r .j to

fum to be infured thereon fhall not amount to ten thoufand pounds provide blank upwards, has been found to be productive of great inconvenience: and policies of whereas it is expedient that certain provifons of the faid act, relating	for

to the cancelling of certain policies of infurance in certain cafes, and to ^ounthii: to the making an allowance of the /lamps thereon, /hould be amended in 10,0001. re. certain particulars herein-after mentioned; and that provifion {houldpealed; and be made to permit the find commiffioners of‘/lamps to make an allow- *rjrn f{l%' l\ ance of the value of certain /lamps on policies of infurance, if iced on *j^jes former afts of parliament, prior to the faid lajl recited aft, that have prov.cicd lor never been ujed, and have been rendered ufelcfs by the faid aft : be it 5, 6 7, 8, and therefore enabled, That fo much of the faid recited ad as enadr, y°°°b relPcC* that the faid commiffioners or officers in the fud act mentioned,t,vely*

(hould not be required to provide, at the publick charge, anv parchment ftamped for blank policies of infurance, as in the faid act is particularly mentioned, where the fum ro be infured thereon (hould not amount to ten thoufand pounds or upwards, (hall, from and after the firft day of Augufi one thoufand ci^ht hundred, be, and the fame is hereby repealed ^ and that, from and after the faid firft day of Augufi, the faid commiffioners (hail provide fufficient quantities of parchment or paper only, and not of vellum, adapted for policies of infurar.ee, with the feverai forms for blank policies of infurance printed thcieon, and (lamped according to the provifions of the faid add, for the fcveral and relptxftive fums of five thoufand pounds, fix thoufand pounds,

* (even thoufand pounds, eight thoufand pounds, and nine thoufand pounds refpe&ively, to be infured thereon.

IX. And whereas it is expedient that the period within which any ftamped vellum, parchment, or paper, delivered in purfuince of the

faid

date of delivery,

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III, c. ]2. [180a

fiid lajl recited aft, may be brought or fent to the commiffiomrs of /lamp duties, at their head office, to be cancelled, on the Jems and 'according to the regulations in the faid lajl recited aft contained, Jhouli Policies rmy be extended: be ir therefore enacted. That, from and after the be brought to paflfing of this act, it (hall be lawful for all and every perfon or oflice^to be P-^fons, to whom any (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, cancelled	(hail have been delivered in purfuance of the faid adl, bearing the

within fix.	d^te of the delivery thereof by the proper officer, in the manner

months outlie jn tyie faicj ~c{ directed, to bring or fend to be cancelled any fuch (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper, allowed by the faid act to be cancelled, unto the ccmmiiTio’ncrs of the (lamp duties, at their head office, at any time within fix calendar months after the date of the delivery thereof as aforefaid ; and the faid com-midiotiers or their officers (hall have the like authority as is in the faid act contained, to cancel the policies fo brought as aforefaid, and to exchange the fame for other (lamped vellum, parchment, orpiper, with (tamps of the like value with the (lamped vellum, parchment, or paper fo cancelled, in like manner in every rcfpect as if the fame had been brought to be cancelled within the pe> iod preferibed by the faid laft recited a£t; any thing in the faid a& contained to the contrary notwithllanding.

X. And be it further enact 'd, That fo much of the faid laft recited act as empowers the faid commiffioners to caufe any policy that (hall have been made and fubferibed on any (hip or (hips bound on a voyage outwards from any port or place in Great Britain, or any part, (hare, or intereft therein, or arifing .	.	,	thereout,	or on any goods or merchandizes laden on board fuch

inTcfdayT fhip or fh*Ps which (hall be brought to be cancelled within ten after dtp ir- office days after the departure of fuch (hip or (hips from any fuch port or place in like manner, and under the like powers, as if fuch policy had been brought to be cancelled within t.en office days from the date of the fir ft fubfeription, (hall, from and after the palling of this adt, be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XL And whereas it is expedient, that the provifms in the faid recited aft, empowering the faid commiffioners to make allowances for jiamps on policies of infur a nee, where the fum infured /hall exceed the interejl of the affured in any fuch policy, jhould be further extended: be it further enabled, That, from and- after the parting of this onCa (Mm hit	ca*c an^ *n^urance (hall have been made on any (hip, that

does not pro- *s to ^l>’> Gn the body, tackle, apparel, ordnance, munition, ceed upon her artillery, boat, and other furniture thereof, or upon the freight voyage, or Qf any (hip, or in cafe any infurance (hall be made on any goods, merchandizes, or other ,effects laden or to be laden on board of any {hip or (hips, whether fuch fhip or (hips (hall be fpecifically named in luch policy or not, and it (hall happen that any fuch fhip fo infured as aforefaid, (hall not have proceeded upon the voyage infured, or that any goods, merchandizes, or other effecls fo infured as aforefaid have not been (hipped on board any fhip or (hips, whether fpecifica’.ty named in the policy or not, or in cafe of any infurance made on any fhip or on any freight, or on any goods, merchandizes, or other effewts, the fum

infured

So much of lilt reeled a£t as empower* the

com ni(hoii-ers to cancel policies

ture of the vdtel, repealed.

• If an infur-

upon goods that (hall not have been (hipped, See. the commiffioners may cancel tlie policies.





j8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 72.

jnfured (hall be found to exceed the intereft of the affured 011 which the rifk attached, and in cafe the feparatc intereft of one perfon, or the joint intereft of two or mce p erf ms :.ffurcd in fuch policy, (hall fall (hurt of the fum infured on fuch account by the (um of one thoufand pounds or upwards where the duty payable thereon (hall be at and after the rate of one Chilling and three-pence per ccntiun, or of five hundred pounds and upw ards, when the duty payable thereon (hall be at and nf:c: ihe rate of two (hillings and fixpence per centum, then and in every fuch cafe as aforefiitl, upon due proof on oath or affirmation to the fatisfadtion of the faid commillioners, or any one of them, that any fuch fnip hath not proceeded upon the voyage infured, or that any fuch goods, merchandizes, or other effects aforefaid, have not been (hipped on hoard any (hip or (hips, whether fpeci-fically named or not, and that no rilk hath, in either of fuch cafes, attached, or on fuch due proof as aforefaid of the value of the intereft, if any, allured in any fuch lb ip, fre:ght, goods, merchandize^, or other effects as aforefaid, on which any rifk has attached, and on the production of thte policy whereby fuch infurance was made, and alfo on fuch duq proof as afore (hid being made of the bond fide return of the premiums by the feverai underwriters or infurers on fuch policy, on account only of fuch, no rifk, no intereff, or fhort intereft, as the cafe may be, or of the proportion of the premium fo returned on any fuch account as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiffioners to make an allowance to the affured or affureds of the damps on any fuch policies, in rcfpedl of the fums thereby infured, when the whole • of the premiums fhall have been returned on any fuch account as aforefaid, or of fuch part of the fums thereby infured as (lull be found to exceed the intereft of the affured or affureds in any fuch policy; and the faid commiffioners are hereby authorised and required to cancel any fuch policies, and to deliver other (lamped papers or parchment of the value of the (lamps fo allowed as aforefaid, in the manner in the faid a£f directed with refpect to policies brought to be cancelled : provided always. That no fuch allowance (hall be made as aforefaid, in any calc where the intereft of the affured or affureds in any fuch fhip, or in any fuch freight, or on any fuch goods, merchandizes, or other effcdls, fhall be valued in or by any fuch policy fo brought to be cancelled as aforefaid.

XII. And whereas divers perfotis have in their pofffjion certain policies of infurance Jlampcd in pnrfuance of certain acts of parliament in force at and immediately before the pajfing of the faid recited alt, and which policies of infurance were, and are, by the faid lajl recited act, rendered ufelefs and of no value whatever to the perfon s poffejfing the fa?ne: and whereas aljo divers perfotis have in their pojfffion many policies of infurance fpoiled, obliterated, or rendered unfit for uf\ and allowed, according to the provifions of the faid recited aft, to be cancelled ; but tnafmuch as the famey through inadvertence and undefign-edly have not been carried or fent ‘to be cancelled within the period by the faid recited aft preferibed^ the commiffioners of flumps are noty by

6 S 7

Vol. XLII.

Y v

'

HOC

oogle

-623	Anno	rcgni quadragefimo Georgii 111. c. 7:. [1 Sod.

the faid ad,\ author [fed to cancel fuch policies, or alhm jhmps to tki amount cf the value thereof: •and whereas it is cxpclcni that the [lit commijjioncrs fiozuld be empowered to cancel the faid jhimped policies, and to provide other policies, /lamped according to the prsvifms of thi Pol'cics of in-y7?y/ i0j} rcCUed act: be it therefore enacted, That on the pro-,n,TX diction to the find com mi (Ti oners of any policies of infurance, damped neemding to the provifions of any ad or ads palled prior to the faid laft recited ad, or of aTty fuch policies of alTur-ance tlampcJ in purfuance of the faid lad recited aft, that (hall not have been carried or fent to be cancelled within the period by the faid ntft preferihed, and son due proof made to (he faid commillioncrs, in the manner in the faid lad recited aft pre-ferihed, with refpetf to policies of infurance brought to be cancel! d, that fuch damped vellum, parchment, or paper, whereon any fuch policy hath been written or printed, hath not been lubicribed or underwritten by any perfon or perfon', or ufed for any other purpofe or in any other manner whatfoever, it (hall be lawful for the faid commiOjoner^, and they are hereby required to cancel the fame ; and to framp, or caufe to be (hmped, for the ufe of the pcifim or perfons producing the fame, any quantity cf other vellum, parchment, or paper, fit for the like ufes, wi;h damps amounting to the like value, and to mark the date and and time of tile delivery thereof, in manner in the faid lad recited preferibed, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the fame, any fum or fums of money, or other confederation whatfoever.

Xill. /hid whereas, by an cal pa [fed in the thirty •feventh year of the reign cf his prefent Majcfly, certain leafes of lands or tenements :f /mail value for a term not exceeding twenty-one years, are exempt:! rwirs g-nnt from the duties granted cn deeds by the faid eft, and doubts hv: 1 : by hui re- cimfen on the ccrJlntition thereof ; be it further enabled, Thu the

fur-nice (tamp c-d according

to thr )>)’- >vi-iio 'S or' net; p- ior to the lift ie i:ul act, an -! po-li :/■: s .x -n o. d Vi■•corc’ui • to recited act,* no* carried to be or'neelhvt within :tu* period t Vnri >y pr fen be;!.

Pi4. be can -celled by ti e cormniiiion-crs.

c.ted to t ::tcnd to every dec-, yn.iich by n\ >y form, or is intend?*! to form, a put of any con. vey.UKc of limln eVC. whereby a greater intend Ih ill ne

'l'lruP.i

faid duties granted by the faid laft recited aeft (lull be to extend to every deed which by law may form, or is intended law to form, a part of any conveyance of lands or tenements, whereby a greater imereft in the lame dud! be conveyed than a term of. twenty-nne years, whatever may be the value thereof; any thing in the faid abt contained to the contrary thereof notwithlhnJ-ing : provided always. That where, by reafon of any fuch doubr, any vellum, parchment, or paper, upon which any fuch deed a> a fore fa id in di have been eng roiled, written, or printed, (hall rot have been duly damped according to the provifions of the fad com eytd than laft recited act, then and in fuch cafe it ihall be lawful for the h term or	faid com mi (doners of damps, and they are hereby authorial,

tw nry-cne	upCM1 the production thereof to the faid commiffioners, or any

Inch'di'pds	°[,e °f r^c:T1i f°r {^Q purpofc of being ftamped according to the

pot ft inrned	provifions of the faid laft recited aft, at any time within twelve

r.grrre -bly	months after tlie palling of this aft, to caufe fuch deed to he

ftamped, upon payment of the duty by the faid laft recited act t^V'vgranted, without any penalty whatever; and every perfon con-,,:rmn3 at ter cemed in cngrofling, writing, or printing any fuch deed, or in p^ihng this .making or executing the fame, .fllall be, and is hereby freed, dif-

charjeJ,

hwt*





i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefuno Gkosgit III. c. 72.

charged, and indemnified from ail penalties and" forfeitures that (hali have arifen, or may arife, in refpcct of any fuch deed.

XIV7. And whereas, by an act of parliament faffed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent .Majifty, intituled, An act tor c* granting to his Majefty certain (lamp duties on indentures of elerkihips to folicitors and attornies in any of the courts in England, therein mentioned, it is enacted. That within the bills of mortality, from and after the fifth day of'February one thou find feven hundred and ninety-f our, and in every other part of England and Wales from and after the tenth day of February one thotifand feven hundred and ninety-four, there Jhall be rat fed, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the uje of his Majefiy, his heirs and fucceffovs, for and in refpeft of every contract in writing made after the j'aid fifth and tenth days of February one then find feven hundred and ninety-four refpetlivcly, whereby any perfon jhull become bound to ferve as a chrk in order to his adthi(fieri as a /;Heitor or attorney in any of the courts of law or equity in the fa id a;i merit:	in	pur	fiance	of	the

laws then iti force for the better regulation of folicitors and attoruies, divers rates and duties in the faid aft mentioned, and the in r . fares or other writings containing fuch contract, duly /tamped according to the directions of the faid act, are required to be enrolled or rrgijlered with the proper ogffcer to be appointed for that purpefe, ly the court wherein fuch perfon Jhall prop fie to be afterwards admitted a fo licit or or attorney by virtue of the fervid' under fuch contrail, together with an affidavit of the time of the execution of fuch contract by fuch clerk ; and in cafe fuch indenture, or other writing, jhall not be fo enrolled or regi/lered within fix months next after tic execution thereof, together with fuch affidavit of the time of execution of fuch contra ft, then, and in fuch cafe, the fervice of fuch clerk under fuch indenture or writing Jhall be deemed to commence from the time of fuch enrolment or r eg fry only, and not from the execution of fuch indenture or writing; and whereas the faid aft did not receive the royal affent until the twenty-eighth day of March one thou fund feven bundled and ninety-four ; end feveral perfons were bound by indentures and writings made after the faid fifth and tenth days of February refpcftivdy, and before tbe faid twenty-eighth day of March; and which indentures and writings are cbarged with and liable to the faid duties itnpofed by the faid aft, and no provifion is therein made for the payment of the fame, or for tbe enrolment or regijtry of fuch indentures and writings refpeftlvely : and whereas it is reafonable tbatfome provifion Jhould be made for that purpefe-, therefore be it enacled, That any and every fuch indenture and writing, made after the faid fifth and tenth days of February one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-four refpecftively, and before the faid twenty-eighth day of A larch in the fame year whereon any fuch duty is by the faid acl required to be paid, (hall and may, on payment of the duty thereby required, on or before the firft day of June one thoufand eight hundred and one, be (lamped with the proper (lamp in that behalf, and the com-miflioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties on llamped parchment, paper, and vellum, are hereby authorifed and required to caufe the fame to.be (lamped accordingly.

y y 2	Digi	XV.C-AMI

680

. Geo. 3.

14, recueJ*

Ever}' indenture imde in the bills of mortality after Feb. 5. and in every other part of Fug-land and Wales after Feb. 10, 170 At and before Mar.2S,i;94» whereon any duty is by the lait recited Adf impofed, ir.sy, on payment of tne duties on or before June i, 1S0:, be duly (tanked;

690

and may, v ithin three months after being lt.in.ped, br enrolled by the* proper c After of the court, &e.

Com minion « e: i:t turnips ;r. «\ cancel nilM’> pro-ft-U.eS or wills am: It’rcij of ab mini it ration, ami allow inch (lamps.

37 Geo. 3. c. 90, recited.

Anno regni quadragefimo Geohgii III. c. 72. [1800.

XV.	And be it further enabled, That every fuch indenture and writing (hail and may, at any time within three calendar months next after the fame (hall be fo (tamped by virtue of this act, be enrolled and regiftered by the proper officer of the court for that purpofe, together with an affidavit of the time of the due execution of fuch contract, in manner directed by the faid a&, and fuch officer of the faid courts is hereby required and autho* riled to enrol and regifter the fame accordingly; and the fervice of every fuch cle;k fhall be deemed and taken to commence according to the due execution of fuch indenture and writing; the faid act, or any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-11 an ding.

XVI.	And whereas it is expedient that the faid consmiffuners of Jlamps Jhould be empowered to allow to any perfon or per font, who jhnll

have taken out any probates of any will dr letters of adminjlratm, through any inadvertence or miflake, in any ecckft'i/hcol court or courts., the full value in other flamped vellum, parchment, or paper, of the amount of the flump duty on any of fuch probates or Utters of ad minify ation that ftjall have been rendered wholly ufclefs and of no effect whatever, fo as that no perfon or perfom jhdl pay thejlantp duty granted upon probates oj wills or letters of adminijl ration, by any all or acts slow in force, more than once upon any one will, or on the Janie property of any perfon dying intejlatc : be it therefore enabled, That where due proof on oath fhall be made to fuch commil-fioncrs of damps, to the latisfa&ion of the faid commiflioners, (vvh-ch oath the faid commiflioners, or any one of them, is hereby authorifed to adminifter), that any will hath, through any inadvertence or miflake, been proved, or that any letters of admini-flration have been taken out on the fame property in more than one eccieliaflical or prerogative court, or more than once in any fuch ecclefiafrical court, and that by reafon thereof more than one flump duty (hail have been paid thereupon, then and in eveiy fuch cafe it {hall be lawful for fuch commiflioners, and they ate hereby authorifed, upon delivery to them of any fuch ufelels probate or letters of adminiftration as aforefaid to be cancelled, end on production of the valid probate or letters of admimlliarion that lhall have been granted on any fuch will or propei ty as aforciaid, to cancel luch ufelefs probate or letters of adminiftration, and to {lamp or mark, or caufe to be ftamped or maiked, or deliver any vellum, parchment, or paper, ftamped with (lamps of the like denomination and value with the amount of any fuch probate or probates or letters of adminiftration, with* out demanding or taking, diredly or indiretfly for the fame, any fum of money or other confideration whatfoever.

XVII.	And whereas many perfons who, by an all pffed in the thirty-feventh year of his prejent Aiajcjlfs reign, intituled, An act for granting to his Majefty certain (lamp duties onthefevcol matters therein mentioned, and for better fecuring the duties on certificates to be taken out by folicitors, attornies, and other?, practicing in certain cour’s of juft ice in Great Britain, are required to obtain and cuter certificates oj their enrolment) entry, admijpn, or





iS

Tt*

l ^

I,.,

I IT to:

fat

h|

/?!;;

/VI

ft

ft;

ft

to‘i

One

ft

tab

COy

fed

tv.

Jr,J

hr,

«■ • liict i fcr

<t:i 1 t(

1 ^ 1 at.

tty

r:

(ft ft! ft-ft 1

pi ;

ft :: |

Cr

I ft;

| ft

I K;;

ft

ft

ft

f.

‘•or

ft

ft;

iSoo.] Anno regni quadrrgcfimo Georgn III. c. 72.

691'

regifler, in the courts therein mentioned annually, between the firfl ^ day of November and the end of Michaelmas term then next following have neglected or omitted fo to do, through ah fence or inadvertency, and without any intention to defraud bis* Majcjiy of the Jail duties, and feme actions have been commenced, and are depending, and other actions may be commenced againjl fuch per fens, to recover the penalties incurred by them: and whereas the recovery of all the penalties that may have been incurred in many of the /aid cafes would be attended with the ruin of the fold parlies: and whereas it is expedient that feme relief fhould be given in fuch cafes: be it therefore enacted,

That where any perfon, who (lull have negle&ed or omitted to PcrfLns who obtain and enter his certificate at the time and in manner re- havent-trkvUd quired by the faid a£ts, (hall nevertnelefs have obtained and [j^les as”reentered, or {hall obtain and enter, his certificate before or within tiua-ei| by ie-one calendar month after the patting of this a<ft, in manner cited a it. and directed by the feveral ads pafTcd relating to certificates to be taken out by folicitors, attornies, and others, pradifmg in certain them^witivn'.-i courts of juftice in Great Britain, then and in any fuch cafe every m0ntfc after fuch perfon fhall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and dif- paffing this charged, from and again ft all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, indcirmi-and difabilities incurred, or to be incurred, for or by rcafon cf * hfs having neglected or omitted,* previous to the palling of this a£1, to obtain or enter fuch certificate, and all adts done by any fuch perfon (hall be of the fame force and validity as the fame or any of them would have been, if fuch perfon had obtained his certificate according to the directions of the faid recited act cf the thirty-feventh year aforefaid ; and no action or actions fhal), from and after the palling of this act, be commenced or profe-cuted for any fuch negledt or omiflion as aforefaid, until after the expiration of the faid one calendar month, and then only ngainft any perfon or perfons who fhall not have obtained or entered his certificate as aforefaid; and in cafe any action or actions fhall Perfons, have been commenced before the palling of this ait, againft any	'hu'

perfon or perfons for fuch neglect or omiflion, fuch perfon or j1;ivc |)Cvll perfons (hall not be liable for fuch neglcdt or omiilion to the commenced paj*ment of more than the fum of one hundred pounds, and the b-1 pdfing informer or informers in fuch adtiun or actions (hall not recover,	n?^

or be entitled to recover, more than fuch fum of one hundred	^

pounds, in any fuch action or actions, together with the coils of 100i, witn fuit; and the perfon or performs againft whom any luch action colts $ fhall have been brought fhall, upon payment into the court in which inch adlion or actions lhall be brought, of the full fum of one hundred pounds, and upon payment to the informer or informers by whom any fuch action or actions fhal! have been brought, of the cofts of fuit, to be taxed according to ihe practice of fuch court, be wholly indemnified, freed, and di(charged, from and againft all penalties and forfeitures incurred by rcafon of any fuch negledt or omiftion as aforefaid.

XVIlI.	Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contamed nothin? (hall be‘conftrued to extend to indemnify any perfon, again.! 'y' whom final judgement (hail have been given 0:1 or Lciore^hc	;t

V Y g	 vitOt W'hoiU jlio^c-

6q2

merit Hiall have been givc-n, on or before June j, ) 3co.

.■4- Geo. 3. c. 72, re-

tiled.

S’ngle demy pmtr not exec cciinv/ 30 inch' s and an half in knjrh. and no niches in breadth, may be lumped.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1800.

firfl day of June one thou land eight hundred, in any action in any ot his .Vj.tjefty’s courts of recoid, for any penalty or penalties incurred by having neglected or omitted to obtain his certificate according to tlie directions of the laid ad.

XIX.	And wh creas by an cu/, puffed in the thirty-fourth year of bis pnfciit Mayfly's reign, intituled, An act to enable the commil-fioners ot his M.vjcfty’s ft.unp duties to ftampthe paper ufed for the printing new,papers thereon in (beets of fingle demy paper, in ft cad ot iheeis of double demy papery it was among other things provided, that no Jheet of fingle demy paper, /lamped in pur fume of the faitI la ft recited aft, for the printing of new [papers, jhculd exceed tiverty-aght inches in length and twenty inches in breadth: and whereas it is expidient to permit the totnmijjisncrs and officers in the find aft a 'aliened, to damp and mark, in manner by the fold all di* reftc	demy	paper fr the pnrpofes in the fetid aft mentioned, of

a larger j„e than in and by the /aid aft is allowed: be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the pa fling; of this act, it (hall be lawful for the laid c->:*n nifiioners and officers in the hid aft mentioned, and they arc* hereby authorifed to (bmp and mark, in the manner in the faid act diredted, any fingle demy paper, not exceeding thirty inches and one half inch in length, and twenty inches in breadth ; any thing in the faid act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

C A P. LXXI1I.

An aft for repealing the duties of exeije on difiilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of British-made Jihints from Endu'd to Scotland, and for granting other duties in lien thereof; and for altering, amending, and cor tinning certain aftsof parliament for tet regulation of difilUries in Scotland.—[July 9, ihoo.]

n mm Die. T HE REAS by the laws now in force certain duties of excife art V \ payable for or in refpeft cffills uf:J for difilling hiv ivim cr fpirrts, and fur rectifying, confounding, cr mixing fpirits for conjunction in Scotland, and aifto for making fpirits for exportation frm England to Scotland ; and a certain duty is now aijo payable for or in refpeft of Hi itihn fpiriis, di/idled for confumption in Scotland, for cr in reggeft cf vnmahed grain ifed w difiliation in Scotland: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the]aid duties, and to imp: fc other duties in lieu thereof: may it therefore plenfe your Majefty that it iruy be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent fnajdty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi* Fr mNove u-r*lui^ ar>d temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament h r, io, 1800. aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the prelent the tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred, all and Junes on dif~ ftngular the faid duties fhall ccafe and determine,, and be no S iitV^nd to l°noer payable or paid ; fave and except the duties of fix pounds rente, except anc^ ten (hillings, impofed by feveral afts of the thirty third, Certain duties thirty-fifth, and thirry-feventh years of the reign of his prefent on Hills m the \Iajefty, on ftills u'cd in diftilling fpirits in the highland diltrift h.yhbnd dif- or Scotland; and fayc snej except in all cafes relating to the reco-•J‘',	vering

l

 L.ooQle

1600.] Anno regni quadrajefimo Geokgii III. c. 73.	693

vering or paying of any arrears of the faid duties hereby repealed, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture ielating thereto refpecVively, which (hall have been incurred at any time before or,on the laid tenth day of November one thoufmd eight hundred.

II. And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the faid tenth day of November one thousand eight hundred, in lieu and pe ^r[\\ p>r in (lead of the faid duties by this a<5t repealed, there (hail be cach gallon of raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majclly, his heirs and the c-mteHt of fucceflbrs, the feveral duties of excife herein-after refpe&ivcly mentioned; that is to fay, For and upon each and every gallon herein-Englijh wine meafure, (and fo in proportion for any lefs-quantity after mentioa-or meafure), of the cubical content or capacity of each and every ed, viz. ftill, (including the head, ,aud every part thereof, and of r.ny horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith conne&ed, under whatever name or denomination the fame, may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afeend, and until the top of the head (hall turn downwards, and form an angle of forty-five degrees), which fhall be ufed or employed for any or ei.her of the purpolos herein-after mentioned ; that is to fay.

For the making or diftilling of low wines or fpirits for con-fumption in Scotland from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other wafh or liquor made or brewed from any fort of Britijh materials, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, (other than and except the highland diftriift, as particularly fpccified and deferibed in an ail made in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefly), the annual fum of one hundred and eight pounds:

For the making or diftilling of low wines or fpirits for con-fumption in Scotland from meiafles or fugar, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, the annual fum of fix hundred and feventy pounds :

For the making or diftilling of low.wines or fpirits for con-fumption in Scotland from foreign refufed wines, or foreign cyder, or wafh prepared from foreign materials, (except includes and fugar), or any mixtiye therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, the annual fum of feven hundred and fixty pounds: and.

For the rectifying, compounding, or mixing in any part or place in Scotland, of any kind of fpirits or ftrong waters for con-fumption in Scotland, the annual fum of one hundred and eight pounds:	,	.

For and upon every gallon, Englijh wine^meafure, of fpirits of the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, (and fo in pro-portion for any higher or lower degree of ftrength), which (hail be made or diftilled in any part or place in Scotland for confump-tion in Scotland, (not exceeding the number of gallon# of fpirits herein-alter limited, and reftricted to be diftiiled annually by or from each flill), the fum of fix pence, to be paid by the diftiller of the faid fpirits, over and above the aforefard duty on the content pf the ftill, and the herein-after mentioned duty on the worts or

Y Y 4

 *

wafli

For making fvvhb (o;cvnt in the h nfidmui diihidd) *or confu morion in S-jotl -nd from Erithh livitcriais,

10SI. annually:

For making filch ip'nts fro n r.ul. fT, s or in gar in any part of C>CU. 1 Aiid (j 7 d •

and from other foreign m 1-tcrials 7 601.

and for rectifying any* kin t oflpirits 1 cS 1.

For each gallon of fp’.rus ofaccntiin ltrengtn (not

ev'cc.iing a limited number) nude for coniii .1 pi ion in Scotland»

6 d. above tlie duty on chi iti.l and oil

watn*

For ep.ch gallon of walii m ule* for confumptijn in Scotland (exetpt in the higM uni di Ariel) fi om Fritifn nrtte-)i lls, 2d. 2q.

For each g I-lon made: in any p u t of Scotian ! for eonUitv.piion in S. o iand Irora unvign mate rials,

2d. 2q.

For e.n h yd-Jon of !pi; its made in Fng-I uni and imported into ^cojand 3 s.

Anrto regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1800.

wafli from which fuch fpirits may be ormay have been made or

diddled :

For and upon every gallon, EngVifh wine meafure,’of all worts or wafh which fhall be brewed or made in any part or place in Scotland, (other than and except in the highland difiriSaforefairf), for ex trading fpirits for confumption in Scotland from any malt, corn, grain, tilt, cyder, or perry, or other worts, wa(h, or liquor, made or brewed from any fort of Briiijh materials, or any mixture therewith, the fum of two-pence and one halfpenny, to be paid by the brewer, maker, or diftiiler thereof:

For and upon every gallon, Eng/ifh wine meafure, of all worts or v\aih \Vh;ch fhall be brewed or made in any part or place in Scotland fer extracting fpirits’for confumption in Scotland from melatks or fugar, or any mixture therewith, or from foreign refuted wines or foteign cycler, o< vvalh prepared from foreign materials, or any mixture therewith, the fum of tvvo-pencc and one halfpenny, to be pai by the brewer, maker, or diltiller thereof:

For and upon every gallon, Eng/ij1) wine meafure, of fpirits of a ftrength not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and' fo in proportion for any higher degree of ftrength, which flail be made or diddled in England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, there fhall be paid by the importer thereof, before the lan ling thereof, an excife duty of three (hidings.

^ * And be it further enacted, That, from and after thefaid ipii-its dif-u ? tenth day vf November one thouland eight hundred,-fpirits made tilled in Knp- or diftilled in Enghind for exportation to Scotland, under, lubjefl, land tor et- and according to the feveral rules, regulations, and reAricFons S-oth uTxc Prov^e<J by and contained in an a£f made in the twrntv-cighth o*rdin'T to *S )'ear t*'e reign of his p refen t Majeftv, intituled, /hi aft for dij-(0.o f c. 4^. continuing, Jor a limited time, the /everal duties payable in Scotland iu>t to be upon low wines and fpirits, and upon worts, wafh, and other liprn wb Failed t * i^ere in *1f)e d'jlillalion of fpirits, and for granting to his Mvf hi England?^ other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exprtotitn of Briti fh-made ffirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England i and to continue, for a limited time, an ael mdi in the tweny-fssth year of tm reign of his prefnt MajriJs, to dtjeon-tinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines onJ fpirits forborne confumption; and for granting and jicudng tk (tut payment of other duties in lieu thereof, and for the better regulation tf the making and vending Britifh fpirits; and for di /continuing, for a fruited time, certain impoJIs arid duties upon rum and fpirits impend from the Weft Indies, fhall not be charged or chargeable in hg-land, with any diry vvh itever, either upon the content or capacity of the ftili or ftills which fhall or may be ufed or employed in making the fame, or upon rlie worts or wafh from which Inch fpirirs may or (ha!! be made ordHtilledj any thing in this ad, or in any other act or acts of parliament to the contrary in anyways

Duties to be FiOrvnfhibmding.

r o <ias pre- IV. And be it further enabled, That the fcvcrnl and refpetfive fc/ibed by the du ies by this act imputed (hall (except as is herein-aftcrcxccpted,

1  	ot

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgit III. c. 73.	692;

or othcrwife direCled or provided) he railed, collected, recovered, a&s for the fecured, and paid by fuch perfons, at fuch times, in fuch manner, ^e5u,l:ltl0n and by fuch wavs and means, and under fuch management, and scotiandS &c under and fuhjeCfc to fuch rules, regulations, conditions, penalties,	*

and forfeitures, and with'fuch powerpf adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and with and fubject to fuch powers, and to the like rules and directions, and by fuch methods, and in fuch manner and form, (except as aforefaid), as by feveral aCls, madevin the twenty-eighth, thirty-third, thirty-fifth, and thirty-feventh years of the reign of his prefent Majcfty, for the regulation of diftilleries in Scotland, and the exportation of Britijh-made fpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, or by any other act or aefts of parliament now in force concerning the feveral matters and things rcfpeCtively for or in refpeCt whereof any duty is by this aCt impofed, is directed or preferibed; and that all the provifions, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, and directions, mentioned and contained in the faid aCts refpe&ivelv, (except as aforefaid), (hall be praCtifed and put in execution, for the raifmg, receiving, levying, recovering, fe-curing, or paying the feveral and refpedive duties by this aCt impofed', in manner in the faid aCts direCled, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were particularly repeated and enaCted in this aCt.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That all the monies arifing by Duties to be the duties by this aCt impofed, (the necettary charges for raifing carr^ct?to tJc and accounting for the fame excepted), (hall, from time to time,1 a 0 be paid into the receipt of his Majefly’s exchequer at IVejhninfter ;

and tire laid monies, fo paid into the faid receipt of exchequer as aforefaid, (hall be carried to and made part of the confolidated fund.

VI.	And whereas the monies arifing from the refpeftive duties

hereby repealed, were directed to be entered feparate and apart in the books kept at the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefly*s exchequer for a U nited time \ he it further ena&ed, That during the	to	be

period of ten years, to be computed from the patting of an aCl books 'of the'* patted in the thirry-leventh year of the reign of his prefent Ma- auditor of the jetty, intituled, An act for granting to his Majcfly certain additional exchequer as duties on AtjYilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of Britifh- herein direCt• made fpirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to Eng-

land, there (hall be feparately entered in the books provided and kept in the laid office of the auditor of the faid receipt for the purpofes aforefaid, at the end of every quarter of a year, ending on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October, yearly, the proportions hereinafter mentioned of the duties hereby granted ; that is to fay, ,

There (hall be referved in the confolidated fund for the account exitting prior to the patting of an a Cl patted in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prelent Majeftv, out of the duties hereby granted, one fixth part thereof; and that after referving fuch' fixth part as aforefaid, one other fixth part of the faid duties (hall be entered in the feparate account directed to be kept by feveral





Management or the duties.

No per Ton to tit up 3 Hill in Scotland, wit hunt a lienee on p»- nnltyofj ool. juui forfeiture oi the Hill, &c.

Manner of

granting

licences.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 73. [180a.

ii&s pa/Ted in the faid thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majdly, and the remainder of the Card duties (hall be entered in the feparate account, directed to be kept by feveral a<fts paffed in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as the fame fhall arife at the end of each quarter.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That the duties by this aft impoled fhall be under the management of the commiflioners of excite in Scotland for the time being.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That no perfon or perfons whatever fhall, by him, her, or thcmfelves, or by any other perfon or perfons whatever employed by him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their life or benefit, erect, fet up, ufe, employ, or woilc, any (till or flills for diddling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or fpirits from malt, corn, fugar or melaffes, or any of the materials aforefaid, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of fpiiits orftrong waters, in any part of Scotland, without firft taking out a licence for that purpofe, in the manner herein-after mentioned and directed, ten days atleoft before he, fhe, or they fhall fo ercCt, fet up, ufe, employ, or work any fuch (till or (tills, on pain to forfeit five hundred pounds,together with all and every fuch fiiil and (tills, with the tubs and utenfils thereto belonging, and all worts, wafh, low wines, and fpirits, and alfo all materials for brewing or manufacturing worts, wath, low wines, or fpirits, or for rectifying or compounding fpirits in the poflcfhon of fuch perfon or perfons; and all and every fuch (till and (tills, tubs, utenfils, worts, walbv low wines, fpirits, and materials, fhall and maybe feized by any officer or officers of excife.

IX.	And be it further enafted. That every fuch licence fhall be granted in the manner following; that is to fay; If fuch licence fhall be applied for to authorife the diftiller or diftillers, maker Or makers, reCiifier or reCtifiers, compounder or compounders of fpirits to whom the fame fhall be granted, to make, diftil, rectify, or compound fpirits within the limits of the chief office of excife in Edinburgh, the fame (hall be granted under the hands and feals of two or more of the commiffioners of excife in Scotland for the time being, or of fuch perfon or perfons as they the faid commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them for the time being, fhalJ from time to time appoint for that purpofe; but if fuch licence fhall be applied for to authorife the diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of fpirits, to whom the fame (hall be granted, to make, diftil, rectify, or compound fpirits in any part of Scotland not within the faid limits, the fame (hall be granted under the hands ?nd feals of the colleger and fupervifor of excife of the collection and diftridt within which the fame fhall authorife (he diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers, re<5tifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of fpirits, to whom the fame (hall be granted, to make, diftii, rectify, or compound fpirits; and fuch commiffioners of excife, or two or more of them, and the perfon or perfons to be appointed by the faid commiffioners of excife in Scotland) or

the



1800.] Anno rcgni quadragefimo Georgii Ilf. c. 73.	697

the major part of them, and alfo all fuch collectors and fuper-vifors, are hereby refpcclively aurhorifed and required to grant (without fee or reward) licences to the difiillcr or diftillcrs, maker or makers, redtifier or redlitiers-, compounder or compounders of fpirits, applying for and duly qualified to receive the lame, on his, her, or their rinding the lecurity, and complying wirh the conditions herein-after mentioned, and firft paying info the hands of the proper officer of cxcifc fuch proportion of the yearly rate or duty hereby imppfed as herein-after is directed, according to the content or capacity of the ftill or dills fo to be erected, let up, made ufe of, employed, or worked as aforefaid.

X.	And be it further enacted, That no fuch licence {hall be No hcence to

granted to any diflilier or diftillcrs, maker or makers, rectifier or	^

rectifiers, compounder or compounders of fpirits for confumption gjveo <or

in Scotland, until he, file, or they refpedtively {hall have found fc- mentor the curity by bond to his Mnjefty in the penal fum of five hundred duty* pounds, with at leaft one fufficient furety, to the fatisfaclion of the laid commiiiioners, or the proper collector of excife, that he,

{he, or t^iey (hail make due and regular payment of the whole annual duty by this act impofed on the capacity or content ot his, her, or their (till or (tills fo to be licenfed as aforefaid, at the time and times, and in the manner herein-after mentioned and directed, without any allowance, abatement, or deduction on account of any lofs, accident, or interruption that may happen during the currency or period of fuch licence, except in or through the dc-ftrudion of the diftillery, and total ftoppage of the work by fire, or as is herein-after excepted and provided.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That every licence for the Continuance diflilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or fpirits from °* licences, malt, corn, grain, or Britijh materials in the lowlands of Scotland,

or from melaflcs, fugar, or other foreign materials, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of fpirits in any part or place in Scotland, which fhali be granted or renewed upon or after the faid tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred * inclufive, {hall be and continue in force from the faid tenth day of Novemberjnc)\d{\v£ to the tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred and one exclullve, and for no longer or fhorter period; and every fuch licence to be afterwards granted or renewed (hall be and continue in force for one year from the tenth day of November yearly, and for no longer or fhorter period.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That, upon or previous to the Manner of granting of any fuch licence for the diddling, making, or manu-fatfluring oflow wines or fpirits from malt, corn, grain, or Britifh licences, materials in the lowlands of Scotland, or from melaflcs, fugar, or

other foreign materials, or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of fpirits in any part or place in Scotland, the perfon or perfons applying for the fame (hall, before he, Ihe, or they be entitled to fuch licence, pay down in advance in ready money to the proper officer of excife, one-twelfth part of the annual duty by this a£l impofed for or in refpe£t of the capacity or content of his, her, or their ftill or dills fpecified in fuch licence,

'	Digitized	by	Goo^Te

Ptmlty of

paying thtr 1 ra nee <iuty duly.

698	Anno	regni	quadragefiino Georgii III. c. 73. [1800.

for one year, computed as aforefaid ; and fhall afterwards, at or before the end of every month, pay down in ready money in advance as aforefaid, another twelfth part of the faid yearly duty payable for or in refpeCt of fuch ftill or ft ills, until the whole thereof fhall be fully paid, over and above the fum paid in advance at the time of granting fueh licence.

XIIT. And be it further enabled. That if any perfon or perfons licenfed as aforefaid (hall negledf, delay, or refute to pay the licence duty impofed by this adt for or in refpeft of the capacity or content of bis, her, or their licenfed ftill or ftilis, or any part thereof, in advance in the manner, and at the time or times herein-before directed, every fuch perfon or perfons fhall, tor every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe his, her, or their ftill or ftilis, and all’o the fum of five hundred pounds; which ftill or ftilis fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife. Penalty for XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any perfon or perfons erecting any in any part or place in Scotland fhall ereft, work, or make ufe of thanV edified an^ ot^CF ^ or Mis except fuch as fhall be fpecified in his, her, ia the lTceiice. or l^e‘r *‘ccnce or licences, whether of the fame or of a different * description, capacity, or content, either in the body, or in the head, or any other part thereof, than fhall have been fo fpecitied, fuch ftill or ftilis fhall he forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife; and every fuch perfon or perfons fhall alio forfeit and loie for every fuch offence the fum of five hundred pounds.

Licences may XV. And be it further enacted. That it fhall be lawful for the

ricking ftilis wrtliin the highland dif-trrCt, upon payment of tin: old duty.

be granted tor commiilioners of excife in Scotland to grant licences to all perfons applying for the fame, and duly recommended and qualified, to erect, keep, and work ftilis for diftilling from barley, beer, or big, in the highlands of Scotland, within the rcfpe&ive counties, parts of counties, and limits particularly fpecified and deferibed, in the before mentioned acts of the thirty-feventh and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as the highland diftri<5t, and as contradiftinguifhed from the intermediate diftri#, hereinafter mentioned, and from the lowlands of Scotland, for one year, from the faid tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred inclulive, to the Tenth day of November onethou-fand eight hundred and one exclufive, and fo from year to year thereafter, upon payment of the fame, and no higher yearly rate ot dutv for or in refpefl of the capacity or content of the ftilis fpecified in fuch licences, to which diftillers in the faid highland diftrid were fubje<St and liable under the a$s of the thirty-third, thiity-fifth, and thirty-feventh vears of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and alio fubje^i to and upon the fame terms, conditions, regulations, redactions, provifions, penalties, and forfeitures, as were contained in the faid adi of thethirty-feventh year of the reign of lbs prefent Majefty, and in the before-mentioned a$s of the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or any of them, favc and except as is hereia-after excepted or altered.

XVI. M



iSdo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 73.	699

XVI.	And whereas by the faid a5i of the thirty-fevetith year of the 37 Geo. 3. reign of his prefent Majefly, intituled, An ad for granting to his c# Ic*’rccit£tk Mujcfty additional duties on diftilleries in the fevcral parts of the highlands of Scotland* herein particularly defcribed, for a limited

time ; and for regulating the duties on diftilleries in the refpec-tive dill riels in Scotland, it was enabled, That allfills to be licenfed to be ft up in any other part of the highlands of Scotland, as deferibed in an add of the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefy,

{except the counties, parts of counties, and places in the Jaid add of the thirty-feventh year of his prefent Majefly particularly (peafed and de-ferihed)^ jJjjtdd be licenfed for the term therein mentioned, on payment of the compcftiisn or licence duly, at and after the rate of fix pounds and ten fillings, in addition to the duties already impofed thereon by any all or edds in force before the pafj'v.g cf the faid adt; and certain ether provifions and regulations were therein, and in the a fore faid adl of the thirty-ninth year of the reign cf his prefent Majefly, made in relation to f ills and dijlilurs within the line or boundary betwixt the loivland or fouthern and the highland or northern difir Uls of Scotland, and commonly called or known by the name of the Intermediate Diftriil; and whereas it is now expedient and ueceffary to dljcontinue\and abohjh the diJlincVion thereby introduced and ijlahlifhed: be it therefore enacled, That, from and after the faid tenth j]ay of November Tram Herein-one thoufand eight hundred, the duties by the faid acls impofed b*-r 10, .8 c, or continued on hills to be licenfed and fet up or ufed within the aforefaid intermediate diftridt, and all the regulations, pro vi lions, by recited ndt claufes, matters, and things fpcciaiiy regarding the faid diftritft, on ftills with-fhall be, and they are hereby repealed, from and after the faid in the inter-tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred; and that, from and after the faid day, all and every perfon and perfons who, ?nct theTills * within the faid intermediate diftrift, fhall brew or make worts thereinfubjtd or wafh for diftiilation, or who fhall (lift'd low wines or fpirits, to t^e fame or who fhall ufe or employ any ftill or ftills for diftilling wafh, low wines, or fpirits, or for redlifying, compounding, or mix- iantis# ing fpirits within the faid diftridt, fhall be fubjedf and liable to the fame duties, regulations, provifions, conditions, reftriclions, penalties, and forfeitures, as is or are impofed or provided by this a<51, or by any former adt or adts of parliament, in the cafe of diftillers or ftills in the lowlands of Scotland not by this ect repealed; any law, cuftom,or ufage, to the contrary in anyways notwithftanding.

XVII.	And be it further enadted. That when the licence duty, Licence duty at and after the yearly rate of one hundred and eight pounds,1® bfc held the fhall be paid for or upon each gallon of the cubical content or Jab^quantTllcs capacity of a ftill in the lowlands of Scotland, fuch duty fhall be ipirits. held to be the licence duty on the fpirits manufactured in fuch

ftill for and during one year, from and after the day on which fuch licence fhall commence aVid take effect, at the rate of two thoufand and twenty-five gallons, and no more, Enghfh wine meafure, of fpirits of the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof for each gallon content of fuch ftill; that when the licence duty, at and after the yearly rate of fix hundred and feventy

poundsna|p

DigitizecTby VjUtJgIA-

7oa

A doty to be p iid fur every gallon dikil-7ed above the lighted quantities.

Officers of cxeife to take an account of ftock of tii’tillers for c>r»lUmptio;i

Anno re^ni qnadragefimo Georgii III. c. 73. [1800,

pounds, frail be paid for or upon each gallon of the cubical content or capacity of a ftili in any part or place of Scotland^ fuch duty (ball be held to be the licence duty on the fpirits manufactured m fuch iliii for and during one year, from and after the day on which-fuch licence (hall commence and take efFe^ at the rate of four thaufnnd and fifty gallons, arid no more, Englijh wine meuft;re, of fpirits of the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, for each gallon content of fuch fill!; that when the licence duty, at n-d after the yearly rate of (even hfindred and fixty pounds, (hall be paid for or upon each gallon of the cubical content or capacity of a fiill in any part or place in fuch duty (hall be held to be the licence duty on the fpirits manufactured in fuch fiill for and during one year, from and alter the day on which fuch licence dial) commence and take effetf, at the rate of three thoufimd fix hundred and forty-five gallons, and no more, Englijh wine mcafuie, of fpirits of the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, for each gallon content of fuch fiill ; and that when the licence duty, at and after the yearly rate of fix pounds and ten {hillings, (hall be paid for and upon each gallon of the cubical content or capacity of a fiill in the highland •fiftric), fuch duty lhall be held to be the licence duty on the fpirits manufactured ih fuch fiill, for and during one year from and after the day on which fuch licence {hall commence and take efivcl, at the rare of fifty-two gallons, and no more, Englijh wine mca’urc, of fpirits of the ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof for each gallon content of fuch fiill; and when any fuch licence duties (hall be refpeetively paid for any (hotter period ot time than one year, (not being lefs than one calendar month), the like proprotions- dial) beobferved refpectivcly, as to the quan-titv ct fpiriis for which fuch licence duty {ball be held to have been paid, according to the full content or capacity of each and every fuch fiill ; and that for and upon ail fpirits which (hall be mr.nufaciured from any fuch licenfed (tills refpe&ively, during one year as aforefaid, over and above the refpeflive quantities aforefaid, for each gallon content of each luch fiill, and in and according to the lame proportions for and during any {hotter pi-riod, (not being lefs titan one month as aforefaid), there {hall lie paid on demand, by every fuch difiiller, the fum of three {hillings for every gallon of fuch furplus fpirits of the ftrength aforefaid, which fhall be difiillcd from malt, corn, or Britijh materials; of four (hillings and nine-pence, for every gallon of fuch lurphts fpirits of the ftrength aforefaid which (hall be diftilled from meiafles or fugar; and of five (hillings and nine-pence, for every gallon of fuch furplus fpirits of the ftrength aforefaid, which (hall be diftilled from other foreign materials, over and above the faid rcfpe&ive licence duties, and all other duties whatfoever.

XVilL And be it further enacted, That the officers of excife fimll once in every calendar month at the leaft, and oftenerwhen it (ball appear neceflary, or when directed by any principal or general officer of excife, or by the furveyor or fupervifor of the diftriefj take an account of the ftock of fpirits in the pofleffionof

all





i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefirno Georgit II. c. 7^.	1

all diftillers for confumption in Scotland\ and if on taking fuch in Scotland, account the quantity of fpirits found in any fucli flock, added to :JKi c’urf the quantity for which permits fliall have been granted, (hall be iul found to exceed the quantity of fpirits which ought only to have been made and diddled by fuch difliller from any licenfed flilf according to its fize during the faid period, and according to the porportions herein-before refpeftively eflablifhcd and allowed, iuch excefs (hall be immediately charged at and after the afore-faid T3te of three (hillings, four /hillings and nine-pence, or five (hillings and nine-pence refpeiEtively, as the cafe may require, for every gallon of fuch furplus fpirits of the flrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof; and fuch duty (hall he paid on demand by the difliller, over and above all other duties, on pain of forfeiting for every refufal or negled to make fuch payment, the fum of ten (hillings for each and every gallon of fuch furplus fpirits.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That if tFie quantity of fpirits If the qnui-

computed at the (Irength of one to ten over hydrometer proof,jT/ which fliall he produced to the proper officer or officers of excife, ^ Qf 5 ^ by any difliller or dillillers of fpirits, and aflualiy charged with per gallon the. duty of lixpence for every gallon thereof, (hall at the end of ihali bechyrg-the year for which any fuch licence as aforefaid {hall have been	wliat

granted, or fooner termination of fuch licence, be found to fall i£<nHnto (hort of the quantity of fpirits which ought to have been pro- be, the duced and charged with the faid duty according to the proportions ciency ih ill be herein-before mentioned, then and in every fuch cafe fuch defi- ch:iTed w,Lil ciency (hall be immediately charged at and after the rate cf fix- 1 lc cmt^* pence for every gallon of fpirits fo deficient as aforefaid, to be

paid by the difliller for or in refpeft of fuch deficient quantity of fpirits, on pain .of forfeiting the fum often (“hillings for each and every gallon fo deficient, in default of making fuch payment as aforefaid.

XX.	And be it further enadled. That, from and after the faid Licences may tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred, it (hall and £*ven UP may be lawful for anv perlon or perfons licenfed by the faid

J ' rf	r	'r	*	r\	i	i	.	*	• 11	-limit r (.Clv«UU

commiliioners of excife to erect, keep, and work any {till or conditions, flills for the diddling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or fpirits from malt, corn, grain, or Britijb materials in the lowlands #f Scotland, or from melafTes, fugar, or other foreign materials,

*or for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of fpirits in any part or place in Scotland, or for any perfon or perfons licenfed by the faid commiflioners of excife to eredl, keep, and work dills for diddling from barley, beer, or big in the highlands of Scotland, to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences to the faid commiflioners, or to the proper fupervifor or furveyor of the diflri#, or officer of the divifion, to be vacated upon the condition herein-after exprefled, and at the time herein-after particularly mentioned; that is to fay. Every fuch perfon or perfons intending to deliver up his, her, or their licence or licences to'|be vacated, fliall give to the faid commiflioners, fupervifor, furveyor, or officer,

fifteen

  •

joz

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii IIIl c. 73. [1800.

'	fifteen	days previous notire in writing figned by fuch perfon or

perfons of fuch intention before lie, (he, or they fhall be entitled to difeontinue the working of his, her, or their (till or dills licenfed as aforefaid; and thereupon the faid commiilioners, fuper\ifor, furveyor, or officer fhall, and they are hereby refpec-tively authorifed to vacate the faid licence or licences, but not fooner than at and from the end of any one calendar month for which time the licence duty has been actually paid in advance by fuch perfon or perfons; and in that cafe the proportion of the licence duty payable for or in refpeft of fuch ftill or {fills for the unexpired time of his, her, or their licence or licences, during which the working of the laid ftill or Hills fhall be difeontinued, fhall not be charged or chargeable upon, or payable or paid by, fuch perfon or perfons who fhall have given fuch notice as afore-*	laid,	and	have ceafed to work fuch ftill or ftills from and after the

limefpecified in fuch notice; but the flock of Ipirits then remaining on hand of fuch diftiiler or diftillers fhall be taken by the proper officer of excife; and if on balancing the account thereof as aforefaid, any exccfs fhall he found above the proportions herein-before mentioned, or any deficiency therefrom fhall be difeovered, the fame fhall be immediately chargeable and charged with at and after the rate rcfpc&ively herein-before mentioned, on the event of a furplus or deficiency, as the cafe may require, and the fame fhall be forthwith paid by fuch diftiiler or diftillers under the penalty aforefaid,

No alteration XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after to he made in any licenfed ftill has been gauged and meafured, and its capacity ftiH without or C0])tent afeertained by the proper officer of excife, no alteration or addition fhall be made tltereon or thereto, either in the body or in the head, or any part thereof, for and during one calendar month at the Jcaft, nor even then or afterwards, but at the beginning of each month, nor without previous notice in writing, iigned by the diftiiler, being given to fuch officer at leaft three days before fuch alteration or addition is attempted to be made, on pain of forfeiting the fum cf five hundred pounds.

XXII. And be it further enafled. That the officers of excife, and each and every of them, fhall be and they are hereby autfyo-rifed and empowered, and have right, by night or by day, to enter into, and continue in eveiy ftill houfe or other place made ufe of by any diftiiler, or maker, or re&ifier, or compounder of Ipirits for home confumption in any part of Scotland, for making, keeping, brewing, or diftilling worts, wafh, low wines, or fpirits, or for rectifying or compounding fpirits, and alf'o to examine every ftill, and the materials therein, if not at work; and if at work, to ftay and continue in fuch ftill houfe or place, until fuch ftill fhall be wrought off, and then to examine the fame, and what materials were wrought therein, andalfotore-guage or re-meaftne any ftill or ft ills, or the head or heads, or any part thereof, fo as to difeover whether any alteration or addition has been made thereon or thereto, without fuch notice as aforefaid; and in cafe any fuch diftiiler, reflifier, or compounder,

previous notice, on penalty ot500!

o

Officers of excife may enter into Itill houfes, &c. by night or day to examine.

a

erto

ant

■ & i

icon

*3!

X,

a 1

• id:

'•C7

’srtfi

tiK

So:

aak.



>u

‘t VI

* in fieri

X

h

w.tr or 01

3 ai

ftci

><:c

v1>(

t

'■tn

X

‘ k

;; c





iSoo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgit III. c. 73,	703

pounder, (hall reFufe to permit fuch officer of excife to enter into Penalty of or to continue in his or her ftill houfe or other place aforefaidy or to make fuch examination as aforefaid, or to re-guage or re- mjt them to meafure any ftill or ftills for the purpofe aforefaid, or (hall ob- enter,&c. ftruci or hinder fuch officer in the due execution of any part of ' his duty, in every fuch cafe fuch diftiller, re<ftifier, or corn-‘ pounder, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and Jofe the fum of two hundred pounds.

~ XXIII. And be it further enaefted, That, from and after the FromNovenj* faid tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred, every diftiller of fpirits in the lowlands of Scotland for home confump- thc ]owjar)^s ' tion (hall,* five days at the leaf! before he or (he (hall begin to to make pre-; brew any corn or grain, or to prepare or mix any other materials vious entry of for the making of worts or wafh to be diftilied into low wines or • fpirits, make a true and particular entry in writing, at the j^n^ron! **

' next office qPexcife within the limits whereof his or her ftill houfe penalty of :	is or (hall be fituated, of all places, coppers, tuns, backs, coolers, aool.

; ftills, cafks, veffels, and other utenfiis, which he or (he (hull make ufe of for the brewing, mixing, fermenting, working, diftilling, holding, laying, or keeping any malt, corn, grain,

- cyder, perry, fugar, melaffes, or other materials or ingredients for brewing or making worts, wa(h, low wines, or fpirits; and ' in fuch entry (hall fpecify the particular ufe and purpofe to and for which each fuch place, veilel, or utenfil is intended to be applied and appropriated; and if any fuch diftiller (hall negledb to make fuch entry, fpecifying as aforefaid, he or (he (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed, That no fuch diftiller who No dhtdler (hall have made fuch entry as alorefaid, (hall be permitted to h°8*n\ryraW withdraw his or her entry whilft any worts, wafh, low wines, whilft any or other materials preparing or fit for diftftlation, are remaining materials for in any of the places, or in any of the utenfiis fo by him or her diftillation refpedively entered as aforefaid ; but in every fuch cafe the fn^i^ntered officers of excife under whofe Purvey fuch diftiller (hall then be, place or uten-fhall continue to furvey the places and utenfiis mentioned in lib, hut the* each fuch entry until all the worts, wafll, low wines, and other e\c»feofficer materials (hall be worked off*, and the duties charged on the faid far°"ynue worts or wa(h, and on the fpirits the produce thereof, or until t;ij the mate-the fame (hall be removed from and out of the faid entered rials are workplaces, and than, and not till then, (hall any fuch entry made as ofTorre* aforefaid, be withdrawn.	moved.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed. That every fuch diftiller Diftillers (lull fhali be, and he or (he is hereby required to fhew to the officer	the

of excife who Purveys his or her diftilJery, every ftill, copper, tun, jjn ftA!? £c wafll back, cooler,* cafk, or other veflel or utenfil fo entered as whioh hVthall aforefaid ; and he the faid officer is hereby required to mark the mark, fame with a particular, diftin£, and durable mark; and every stills, See. not ftill, copper, tun, walh back, cooler, cafk, or other veflel or*marked to be utenfil which (hall at any .time or times be ufed by any fuch deemed unen-diftifler without being fo (hewn or marked, (hall be deemed atcred*

Vol. XLII.	Z	z	veflel





704	Anno	regni	quadragefimo	GeokgIi III. c. 75. [1800.

Penalty 0/50!. veflel or utenfil of which no entry has been made; and if any mark*aC,nfi P^r^on or P^rfons whatfoever (hall at any time or times after fuch . ’	(till, copper, fun, wafh back, cooler, calk, or other veflel or

utenfil, (hall have been fo marked by fuch officer as aforefaid, rub out or deface any fuch mark fo fixed upon any fuch (fill, copper, tun, wafh back, cooler, cafk, or other veffel or utenfil, by fuch officer as aforefaid, be, fhe, or they fo offending fhall for everv fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds. FromNovem- XXtfl.-And be it further ena&cd, That every fuch diftiller dMi^le^s\8n0,	*n	^e'lowlands of Scotland, from and after the faid

" the Rowlands tent^ °** November one thoufand eight hundred, (hall, twelve to give 12 hours before he or fhe fhall begin to mix, mafh, or brew any hoursprevious malt or grain, melafles or fugar, or other materials, tobefer-hitendon^o *r mentec* or made inio worts or wafh, or to prepare worts or wafh mix materials for 'diftjllation, give to the proper officer of excife under whole &c. on penalty furvey he or (he fhall then be, a notice in writing, fpecifying of 50I. therein the particular time and hour when he or fhe intends fo to begin to prepare, mix, or mafh, and the true quantity or weight of malt, and of unmalted grain, and of meJaffes, fugar, or foreign materials, intended to be prepared, mixed, or roafbed, as the cafe may require; on pain of forfeiting for every negled of giving fuch notice, and fpecifying as aforefaid, the fum of fifty pounds.

FromNovem- XXVII. And be it further enadled, That every wafh baric ber 10,1800, which, from and after the faid tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred (hall be ufed or kept by any diftiller of fpirits in the lowlands of Scotland for home confumption, (hall have a hole or dipping place in the top, and alfo a brafs cock in the middle thereof, and every fuch wafh back (hall be fo placed and conftructed as that the officer of excife may be conveniently enabled to take his dip or gauge at fuch hole or dipping place at the top thereof, and to draw off a fample of the wafh therein; and if any fuch diftiller (hall keep or ufe, any wafh back, without fuch hole or dipping place at the top, or fuch cock in the middle thattheoificer thereof, or (hall have, keep, or ufe, any wafh back fo placed or may conveni- conftrucled as that the officer of excife cannot conveniently be ently take bis enabled to take his dip or gauge, or to take fuch fample asafore-o?^ampleW	or	for	every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the

on penalty of fom of fifty pounds.

50I.	XXVIII.	And	be	it	further ena&ed, That no fuch diftiller

No fuch dif- (hall have or keep any private pipe, flop cock, or other private tiller (hall # conveyance by which any worts, wafh, or other liquors fit for diffil* keep any pri- ]atjon may conveyed from one back or other veflel to another, wbidT^quors or fr°m any foch back or ot^er veffd t0 bis °r her ftill or (fills, fit for diitilla- or into any other place ; nor (hall have or keep any hole other tion may be than as aforefaid, in any fuch back or wafh back, by which any conveyedfrom worts? waQi, or any other liquor fit for diftillation may be con* another on° veye^ into or out of fuch back or wafh back, or any of them;

bn pain to forfeit for every fuch pipe, flop cock, conveyance, and bole, the fum of two hundred pounds.

XXIX.	And for the better difeovery of all privete pipes, ftp

Why

every walli back for dif-tilling in the lowlands for home confumption to have a hole in the top and a brafs cock in the middle, and be fo placed

penalty of tool.





i8oc.] Anno regni quad rage (i mo Georgii III. c. 73-.	705

cccks, and other private conveyances or utenfils \ be it further en<-

a&ed, That it (half and may be lawful to and for the officers of Officers of

excife or any of them, in the day rime, and in the prefence of a exdfe in the

coriftable or other lawful officer of the peace, (who is hereby

quired to be aiding and afiifting therein), on requeft firft made, £?ace officer

and caufe declared, to break up the ground in any diftilling may break up

houfe, or the ground near adjoining, or any wall, partition, or£round to

cither place, to fearch for any fuch pipe, ftop cock, or any other priv^e^Spe”^

private conveyance or utenfil; and upon finding fuch pipe or ^ *'

other conveyance, to break up the ground, houfe, wall, or

other partition or place through or into which any fuch pipe or

other conveyance (hall lead ; and to break up or cut any fuch

pipe or other conveyance, and to turn any cock or cocks, to try

and examine whether fuch pipe or other conveyance may or can

convey any worts, waft, or other liquors fit for diftillation out

of one back or veffel, into another, or from any fuch back or

veffel into any ftili or Hills, or into any other place.

XXX.	And be it further enafted, That no fuch diftiller fhafl No fuch dif-crefl, fet up, have, or keep any trunk, or any other clofe veffel

or utenfil, for receiving, keeping, or making worts, waft, or ^cy Other materials preparing or fit for diftillation, on pain to forfeit ceiving ma-for every fuch trunk, or other clofe veffel or utenfil, fo ete&ed, terials for differ up, had, or kept, the fum of two hundred pounds.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted. That, from and after the the tone and faid tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred, no worts, *0ol. waft, or tilts, or other liquor or preparation for the diftilling of vort for fpirits for home confumption in the lowlands of Scotland, (hall be diltiHing for put into tire (till, or otherwife removed from the back or veffel home conn, wherein the fame was or were fermented, until the fame (hall the lowlands have been gauged, and the duty charged thereon by the proper to Wpatinao officer of excife ; and if any'diftilJer ftall, contrary to the direc- theffiUorre-tions of this a<_% put into any ftili, or otherwife remove or moved from caufe to be removed, any fuch worts, waft, tilts, or other cental till liquor or preparation, from the back or veffel wherein the fame the duty be was or were fermenting or fermented, before the fame ftall have charged, on been gauged, and the duty charged thereon, fuch diftiller ftall penalty ot for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred 100 ' pounds.

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the Worts frau-faid tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred, no dulently reworts, waft, tilts, or low wines, in the pofleffion of any diftiller to be*-of fpirits in any part or place in Scotland, (hall be removed or forfeited, and taken away from his or her entered and licenfed diftillery, nor the party to ftall any worts, waft, or tilts be depofited, hid, or concealed in forfeit tool, any place whatsoever, with intent to defraud the duty; and when

and fo often as any worts, waft, tilts, or low wines ftall be removed or taken away, or any worts, waft, or tilts ftall be depofited, hid, or concealed, contrary to the trfre intent and meaning of this a&, fuch worts, waft, tilts, and low wines re-fpe&ively, ftall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be fciied by any officer of excife; and over and befide fuch forfeiture,

z zz	fuch

 *

^oogie

Officers may take famples of wort on paying for the lame.

and of fpirits in flock.

Diftilters to produce tothe officer certain quantities of fpirits for certain quantities of wadi, or be chargeable for the deficiencies at certain rates.

Anno regnl quadragefimo Gkorgii III. c. 73. [1800.

fuch diftiller fo removing or taking away any worts, wafli, tilts, or low wines, or fo depofiting, hiding, or concealing any worts, wafh, or low wines, or caufing the fame fo to be removed, taken away, or depofitcd, hid, or concealed, and the perfon or perfons employed fo to remove or take away, or fo to depofit, hide, or conceal the fame, or who (hall receive the fame, (hall feverally forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds.

XXXIII.	And be it further enafled, That the officers of excife (hall, and they are hereby empowered, as often as to them or any of them (hall feem expedient, to take a fample or famples, of all worts, wa(h, or other liquors in the poffeffionof any diftil-ler or diftillers, either in the coolers, wafli backs, or other vefiels or utenfils whatfoever, or before the fame (hail be coq- j veyed into the wa(h (till or ftills, not exceeding at any one time ] one gallon of fuch worts, wafli, or other liquors from each fuch cooler, wafh back, or other veil'd or utenfil, on paying for the fame, if demanded, after the rate of two (hillings by the gallon of fuch worts, wafli, or other liquors.

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled. That it (hall and may

be lawful for any officer or officers of excife to take a fample or famples of low wines or fpirits in the flock or pofleffion of any diftiller or diftillers, not exceeding half a pint out of each calk or veflel, paying for fuch fample, if demanded, at and after the rate of fix (hillings by the gallon.	I

XXXV.	And be it further ena&ed, That every'diftiller in 1

the lowland of Scotland (hall, for every one hundred gallons of	|

waftt prepared from malt, corn, grain, or any fort of Britiji	1

materials, or any tnixture therewith, for extracting fpirits for confumption in Scotland, found in his or her cuftody, produce to the proper officer of excife, at leaft eleven gallons Englijb wine meafure, of fpirits of the ftrength of^one to lenover hydrometer proof; that every diftiller in any part or place in Scotland (hall, for every one hundred gallons ot wafh prepared from melaffesor fugar, or any mixture therewith, for extra&ing fpirits for confumption in Scotland, found in his or her cuftody, produce to the fa!d officer at leaft twcnty«two gallons Englijb wine meafure, of fuch fpirits of the ftrength aforefaid \ that every diftiller in any part or place in Scotland fhal), for every oqe hundred gallons of walh prepared from any other foreign materials, or any mixture therewith, for extracting' fpirits for confumption in Scotland, found in his or her cuftody, produce to the faid officer at leaft twenty gallons, Englijb wine meafure, of fpirits of the ftrength aforefaid; and that every diftiller in the highland diftriA of Scot• land (hall, for every one hundred gallons of waffi prepared from barley, bear, or bigg of the growth of the faid highlands, or any * mixture therewith, found in his or her cuftody, produce to the faid officer at leaft fix gallons Englijb wine meafure of fpirits of the ftrength aforefaid; and that in every cafe where the fpirits extracted by any fuch diftiller refpeAiveiy, and produced to the proper officer of excife, and actually charged with the duty by this a& impofed of fixpcnce for every gallon, (hall fall (hort of

/	the

.  v^ooQle

i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 73.	707

the refpeftive proportions herein-before mentioned, every fuch diftiller (hall, and he or (he is hereby made chargeable with and /hall pay at and after the rate of one fhilling and fixpence for every gallon of fpirits in which the deficiency (half be difeovered, fhall have been made or diftilled from malt, corn, or Briti/h materials; of three (hillings and nine-pence, if the fpirits in which the deficiency (hall be difeovered fhall have been made or diftilled from melafles or ftigar; and of four (hillings and eight-pence, if the fpirits in which the deficiency (hall be difeovered, (hall have been made or diftilled from other foreign materials; and if default (hall be made in fuch payment, the diftiller making fuch default (hall forfeit ten (hillings for every gallon of fuch fpirits fo deficient.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted, That, from and after the Diftillers in laid tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred, all and the lowlands every perfon whntfoever, who (hall make or diftil low wines or famption to"* fpirits in the lowlands of Scotland for home ednfumption, (hall be, make monthly and he or (he is hereby required to make monthly and every upon oath a month, upon oath before the proper fupervifor or furveyor of the return. of the diftrift in which his or herdiftillery is carried on, (and which wortHhey oath fuch fupervifor or furveyor is hereby authorifed and em- have powered from time to time to adminifter), a true and particular diftilled, &c. entry or return in writing, of the quantity of worts, wafh, or on penalty of other materials which he or fhe (hall have diftilled or made into *°° 9 fpirits, and of the quantity of fpirits which he or (he (hall have

made or difiilled, within fuch month refpeftively; and alfo of the true and exaft number of times which he or (he (hall have actually charged and worked his or her ftill or Hills in each day of twenty-four hours, within fuch month refpeftively, on pain to forfeit for every negleft or refufal to make monthly and every month fuch true entry or return upon oath, fpecifying the feveral particulars aforefaid, the fum of two hundred pounds.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted. That the officers of ex- Officers to cife fhall monthly and every month make a return to the com- make a miffioners of excife or fuch perfon as they (hall appoint, of all monthly re-the worts or waft, and of all the diftilled fpirits taken account commUTioners of by them, and charged with duty; which return (hall be aoftheworti charge upon the brewer, maker, or diftiller thereof refpeftively. and fpirits

XXXVIII.	And be it further enafted, That every fuch tal*c” an

brewer, maker, or diftiller, who (hall not pay and clear off the whfchVali be duty by this aft ifnpofed upon fuch worts or wa(h, and upon a charge upon diftilled fpirits, or either of them refpeftively, within one week the diftiller. after he or (he (hall have made or ought to have made his or her If duty be not entry thereof as aforefaid, he or (he (hall forfeit and lofe double paid within a the amount of the faid duty not fo paid.	emrv double

XXXIX.	And be it further enafted. That fo much and fuch tj,e amount to parts of two afts of parliament, made in the thirty-eighth and be paid, thirty-ninth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and which So much of were to continue in force until the tenth day of November one 3s Geo. 3* thoufand eight hundred, as are not herein-before exprefs-ly al- c* 9Qe*nd. tered, repealed, or changed, or are not repugnant thereto, (hall c?7$. as is

z. z. 3	DigitiiedbyCiOb^.	not hereby ah

708

tered, fliall be continued in force from November 10* j8oo.

FromNovem-ber io, 1800, tojuly 1,1801, a duty at the rate cf 316I. to be paid for each gallon of the content of Kills ufed in Scotland, for diltilling fpirits for home confumption from melaifes or fugar.

Such duty* to be held to be the duty for a certain quantity of ipirits, and • 38. per gallon to be paid for the excefs.

On fpirits delivered after November 1, 1800, on contrails made befope the dp-

Anno regni quadragefimo Geokgii III. c. 73. [1800.

be, and they are hereby, from and after the faid tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred, continued in full force and effect.

XL. And whereas it is expedient to allow for a limited time tie diflillation of fpirits from melajfes or fugar at a reduced rate of duty, be it therefore ena&ed, That, from and after the faid tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred, until the firft day of July one thoufand eight hundred and one, there (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, for and upon each and every gallon Englijh wine mca-fure, (and fo in proportion for any lefs quantity or meafurej, of the cubical Content or capacity of each and every ftill, (including the head and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith conne&ed, under whatever name or denomination the fame may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afeend, and until the top of the heajJ (hall turn downwards and form an angle of forty-five degrees) which {hall be ufed or employed for the making or diftilling of low wines or fpirits for confumption in Scotland from melafles or fugar, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, a Turn at and after the yearly rate of three hundred and fixteen pounds^ any thing in this adl or in any other aft or a&s of parliament to the cpntrary in anyways notwithftanding.

XLI. And be it further enatted, That, from and after the faid tenth day of November one thoufand eight hundred, until the faid firft day of July one thoufand eight hundred andone, •when the before-mentioned licence duty, at and after the yearly rate of three hundred and fixteen pounds (hall be paid for or upon each gallon of the content or capacity of a ftill in any part or place in Scotland-luch duty (hall be held to be the licence duty on the fpirjts manufactured in fuch ftill for and during one year, from and after the day on which fuch licence {hall commence and take effect at the rate of four thoufand and fifty gallons and no more, Engli/h-wlns meafurc, of fpirits of rhe ftrength of one to ten over hydrometer proof for each gallon content of fuch ftill \ and for every gallon of fpirits at the ftrength aforefaid, which during the faid period fhall be found to exceed the above mentioned proportion, there fhall be charged .and paid on demand by the diftiller who fhall make or produce the fame, the fumof three (hillings over and above all other duties, on pain of forfeiting for every negledt or refufal to make fuch payment the fum of ten fhillings for each and every gallon of fuch furplus fpirits.

XLII. And whereas contracts may have been made for the fale of Britifh fpirits before the fame fhall have been charged, or become chargeable with the duties by this alt impefsd; be.it therefore enaded, That in all cafes where any fpirits whereon the duties by this a& impofed fliall be charged, fhall be after the firft day of Nmmber one thoufand eight hundred, delivered in purfuancc of fuch contradls or fale^, it fhall be lawful for the dtftiWers, reftjfiers, pr compounders of fuch fpirits, delivering the fame, to charge fo

 	mMcl‘

i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 74.	709

much money as (hall be equivalent to the duties by this ad im- ties under this pofed in refped thereof, in addition to the price of fuch fpirits, and fuch diftiller, rectifier, or compounder, (hall be entitled by their amount virtue of this, ad to demand and be paid the fame accordingly, may be added

XLIII. And be it further enaded, That all fines, penalties, to the price, and forfeitures by this ad impofed, (hall be fued for, recovered, Recovery and levied, or mitigated by fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wejhninjler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland refpedively 5 and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who (hall	s

difcover, inform, or fue for the fame.

XLIV. And be it further enaded, That all and every the 12 Car. a. powers, diredions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, c* H*toex-and things, which, in and by an ad made in the twelfth year t0 thu of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for \ * taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights fervice and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majejly in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to iris Majefty’s revenue of excifc upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided and eftablilhed for managing, raifing, levying, colieding, mitigating, recovering, adjudging, or afcer-taining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (hall be pradifed and put in execution in and for the managing, raifing, levying, colieding, mitigating, recovering, and paying the duties hereby granted as fully and effedually as if all and every the faid powers, rules, diredions, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaded in this prefent ad.

XLV. And be it further enadec?, That nothing in this ad Ad not to contained (hall extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend, to alters and 40 repeal or alter an ad, or any part thereof, made in the prefent Geo* feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft to continue, until the firjl day 0/* February one thoufand eight hundred and one, an aft mode in this prefent feffton of parliament, to prohibit the making of low wines or fpirits from wheat, or other fort of grain, or from meal, four, bran, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

or

CAP. LXXIV.

An aft for amending fever al afts for regulating the price and afjize of bread.— [July 9, 1800.]

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the thirty-firjl year of the reign Preamble.

of his late Majejly, and by fever al fubfequent afts, for regu- 3l Geo. a. fating the price and ajfize of breads it is enabled, That the ajfvze and *ent weight of the fever al forts of bread Jhall be Jet according to the tables ads^r^egu-in the faid afts contained: and whereas fourteen /hillings and fixpence lating the is the bigheftfum mentioned in the faid tables <** the price of a bujbel Price and af-

7io	Anno	regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 74. [1800, ;

of wheat, together with the baker’s allowance for baking	\

and doubts way arifc whether the courts, or perfon or perfons now au- j

thorifed by the faid afts to fet and afeertain, within their feveral jurif-

di ft ions, the aflize and weight of all forts of bread made for fait sr

expofed to fale, may continue to do the fame when the price of tit

bu/hel of wheat, together with the baker’s allowance for baking, Jball

exceed the faid fum of fourteen /hillings andfixpence: may it there-

The aflize fore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted $ and be it enafled

and weight by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice

be fTwhat^ an(* con^ent l^e l°r(k fptdtual and temporal, and commons,

ever the price ^*1S PrcJent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of tbe

of wheat may fame. That it (hall and may be lawful for all courts, and perfon

be, the pro- or perfons duly authorifed, to continue to fet and afeertain, within

9 portions of their feveral jurifdiftions, the aflize and weight of all forts of

the recited11 bread made for fale or expofed to fale, whatever the price of tbe

aftsbeing ob- bufhel of wheat may be: provided always, That infetting and

ferved accord- afeertaming the fame, fuch courts, or perfon or perfons refpec-

ing to the ih- tively, duly obferve the proportions of the feveral tables contained

ImJpvMfrhp *n l^lc a<^s* according to the true intent and meaning of the , annexea cne- fcheduIe tQ thjg ad annexed#

37 Geo. 3. II* And whereas by an aft made in the thirty feventh year of tht c. 98, recited, reign of his prefent Majefly, relative to the affize and making of bnci to be fold in the city of London and the liberties thereof am within the weekly bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Ex- I change, fourteen Jhillings and nine-pence halfpenny is tbe light/ price mentioned in the table contained in tbe faid oft as the price of <t bufhel of wheat, and one hundred and ten Jhillings as tbe higbefl price of the Jack of flour, together with the baker’s allowance for baking The court of the fame refpeftivcly: be it therefore further enabled, That it (hall mayor and be lawful for the court 6f mayor and aldermen of the city of London^y London, on every Tucfday if the faid court fltall then fit, and if fet the aflize	court &aH not then fit, for the lord mayor of the faid city

-and weight for the time being, to continue to fet and afeertain the affize and of brend, weight of all forts of bread made for fale, or expofed to fale, -*riceof wheat Wlt^n the °f their jurifdiftion under the faid aft, whatever or flour may l|?e Pnce °f bufhel °f wheat or fack of flour may be: probe.	v'ded always. That in fetting and afeertaining the fame, lucb

court or lord mayor duly obferve the proportions contained in the tables in the faid aft as near as can be.

The penilt es J[f. And be it further enafted, That all and Angular tbe pe-b^ead^deficient na^*cs anc* forfeitures enafted and preferibed by the faid feveral , in weight, or a&s> aga»nft fuch perfons as fhall fell any bread deficient in higher than weight, or at higher prices than accord ng to the aflize that Hal! the aflize be fet rhereon, fhall be in full force and effect againft all perfons ten?to° er* who fhall contrai7 to the provifidns of this suft, or of the s fons afting" Schedule hereunto annexed, contrary to IV. And whereas it is expedient that all magi fir aits, jujlices of tht this aft. peace, wardmote inquefls of the city of London, and rnjUr and wardens of the bakers company, or the major part of them, and other perfons authorifed by any aft or atls now in force relating to huai) to fearch fory try, and weigh any bread, jhould be authorifed to Jcarch -	*	>1

1!

/«

A

P

h

tt'i

ih

tfi

t’A

a

.er

la

t

n

il

(|

1

2

1

(

1

l

i

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 74.	711

for, try, and weighs any bread made forfale, at any time after the fame fliali have been baked,, and whether the fame /hall have been ixpofed to fale or not: and whereas it is expedient that the period of twenty/'our hours now by law cjlabli/hed, within which any rnagi/lrate, jujhce, wardmote inquejl 0/ the city of London, the majler and wardens of the bakers company, and other perfons author fed as aforefaid,, ?nay weigh any bread within the faid city of London, cr any other city, town corporate, borough, liberty, franchife,	//v jurifdittion there-

for the purpofe of afcertainitig whether the fame is wanting in the due weight, Jbould be extended to forty-eight hours; be it therefore .ena&ed, That, from and after the pafiing of this a&, it (hall be Magiflrafe?. lawful for any magiftrate or magift rates, juftice or juftices of the &c. may weigh peace, or for any wardmote inqueft of the city of London, or the for^l^at any mailer or wardens of the bakers company, or the major part of time within 1 them, or other perfon authorifed as aforefaid, within their re- 48 hours after fpe&ive jurifdi<ftions, to weigh any bread made for fale (although has been the fame (hall not have been expofed to fale), for the purpofe of certainirie^ * " afeertaining whether the fame is wanting in the due weight whether it be thereof, at any time after the fame (hall have been baked, and deficient in within forty-eight hours after the baking thereof, any adt or ads weight, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding; and all powers, authorities, and provifions relating to the entering into any houfe,

(hop, (tall, bakehoufe, warehoufe, outhoufe, or other place of or belonging to any baker or maker of bread, or feller of bread, or to the trying or weighing any loaves of bread ; and all penalties or forfeitures now in force, relating to deficiency of weight in bread, (hall be and are hereby declared to be in full force in relation to this ad, as far as the fame are refpedively applicable in the feveraland refpe&ive jurifdidions mentioned, in any ad or ads relating to the affize of bread, in like manner in every Tefped as if fuch powers, authorities, provifions, penalties, and forfeitures had been feverally and feparately re-cnaded in this ad: provided always,That every magiftrate, juftice of the peace, wardmote inqueft of the faid city of London, the mailer and wardens of the bakers company, and perfons authorifed as aforefaid, (hall, in weighing any fuch bread for the purpofe of afeertaining whether the fame is wanting in the due weight thereof, have regard to the time when fuch bread was baked, and the period that has elapfed between the baking and weighing thereof, and (hall, on due proof made by the baker or maker of bread to whom any fuch bread (hall belong, of the time of baking thereof, make fuch allowance for lofs in weight, not exceeding the proportion * of allowances in the faid laft recited a£t mentioned, as (hall be Juft and reafonable, fo as to bed afeertain that fuch bread was .^originally made and baked of the due weight required by law.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

The courts, perfon or perfons, authorifed to fet the affize of breadx are to obferve, that the refpcdlive weights of the feveral aflized loaves will decreafe in the fame proportion as the price of

\	Digitized	by

ji2 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 75. [1800,

the bufhel of wheat, together with the allowance for baking ftc fame, increafcs; and that fuch weights may be deduced from the prefent tables, as in the following examples:

Example I. Required the weight of the twelve-penny wheaten loaf, when the price of the bufhel of wheat and baking is fixteen fhillings.

fb. or. <kots.

The price in the table of flat. 31 Geo. 2. c. 29.

oppofite to 8 r. is	-	-	-	5	11	8

But the price of the bufhel and baking being now twice as much, the weight of the loaf can be only half what it then was, ami therefore will be 2 13 12 Example II. Required the weight of the twelve-peony wheaten loaf, when the price of a bulhel of wheat and baking is fixteen fhillings and three-pence.

When the given fum has an odd three-pence, its precife half cannot be found in the tables; in which cafe proceed thus*— Find, as in the preceding example :

B>. «. dwu.

’ The weight, when the price of the bufhel and

baking is fixteen Ihillings -	-	2	13	12

And alfp the weight, when the price of the bufhel

and baking is fixteen {hillings and fixpence 2 11 14

5 9 10

One half the weight, at 16s. $d. is -	2 12 13

For the prices of the peck loaf and its fubdivifions, obferve that the price increafes in the fame proportion as the price of the bufhel of wheat, together with the allowance for baking.

Example III. Required the price of the peck loaf, wheaten bread, when the price of the bufhel and baking is fixteen (hillings:

£. j.

The price of fuch loaf by the table, when the

bufhel and baking is eight {hillings *	030}

Therefore at fixteen fhillings it muft be double, or 0 6 1

Example IV. Required the price of the peck loaf, when the bufhel and baking is fixteen (hillings and three-pence:

£• ^

The price of the peck loaf, when the bufhel and

baking is fixteen {hillings -	-	-061

Do. - - - Do. - - is 16 j, 6rf. - 0 64

0 12 j

One half, or price, at 16s. 3L -	-	0	6	2f

CAP. LXXV,

An a & for making allowances in certain cafes to fubaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.—(July igoo. ]

CAP.





1800.] Anno regni quadragelimo Georgii III. c. 76, 77.	713

CAP. LXXVI.

An aft for indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and perfons afting as fuch, in the Weft India iflands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.—[July 9,1800.]

CAP. LXXVir.

An aft for the fecurity of collieries and mines, and for the better regulation of colliers and miners.—[July 9, 1800.]

WHEREAS from the fituation of the veins and mines ^TrWP eamble.

and iron Jlone in many parts of this kingdom, the fame are greatly expofed to the depredations of wicked and tvil-difpcfed perfons, and the Jaws now in being are inadequate to the protection thereof: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadled; and be it enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any After Sept. 19 time after the firft day of September one thoufand eight hundred, wilfully and malicioufly pull down, fill up, or begin or attempt pulldown or to pull down or fill up any airway, waterway, drain, pit, level, fill Up any or (haft, or damage or deftroy any railway, tram road, or other airway, &c. road leading to or from, or intended to lead to or from any coal °|jda™aaJ>e or other mine work, or (if any perfon or perfons, not having or fading to or Iona fide claiming a right to poffefs or work the fame refpe<3ively) from any v (hall, from and after the time above mentioned, wilfully and un- mine, or, not Jawfully cut, dig, raife, take, or carry away any coal, culm, or other mineral, from any bed, band, vein or mine, lying and aJ,y mj_ being in any wafte, open, or uninclofed lands, or (hall wilfully neral lying in -and unlawfully enter into any level, pit, or (haft, with an intent any wafte, to dig, cut, raife, take, or carry away therefrom any coal, culm, ?e deemed or other mineral, or (hall aid, abet, aflift, hire, or command g^ilt^of a any perfon or perfons to commit any fuch offence or offences as mifdemea-aforefeid, that then and in every fuch cafe all and every fuch nour, and perfon or perfons (hall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of a mifdemeanour; and the court or judge before whom any fuch tenths. * perfon or perfons (hall be tried and convidted, (hall have power and authority to caufe fuch perfon or perfons to be imprifoned for any term not exceeding fix months. -

II.	Provided always, and be it further enafled, That nothing Aft not to «-in this adl contained (tell extend, or be conftrued to extend, to tend to any any trefpafs or damage which (hall be done or committed under- da7*gc do<1? groupd, by any owner or owners of any adjoining coal or other ^ <^^ers of mine, in working the fame, or by any perfon or perfons duly adjoining authorifed, and employed in fuch working as aforefoid.	.	mines in

III.	And whereas it often happens that colliers and miners^ difre-	tlle

garding their agreements, wilfully and objiinately work coal and iron amc# jlone in a different manner to what they Jlipulated\ or otherwife aban-don the agreement they have entered into, to the great and lajling pre-

D|g|t' tibyjdaicfo1

prifoned.

714	Anno	regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 77. [1800.

if any perfon judice of their employers; be it therefore further enafted, That coM	y	^ any Per^on or Pe|T°ns making any bargain, or entering into

ferentto his* any contract or agreement in writing, for raifing or getting any agreement, coal, culm, iron ftone, or iron ore, (hall wilfully, and to the or contrary to prejudice of the owner, raife, get, or work, or caufe to be the directions raifed, got, or worked, any fuch coal, culm, iron ftone, or irpn or ^aVrWufe’ orc> m a different manner to his or their ftipulations in rcfpcct to fulfit hi* thereto, and contrary to the dire&ions, and againft the will of engagements, the owner, or his agent or agents having the care thereof, or heflnll forfeit foa]} defift or refufe to fulfil the engagements they have entered AW^and^for5 *nto» every Perf°n perfons fo offending, and being thereof non-payment convicted, either by the confeflion of the party offending, or may be im- upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, before any one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county wherein fuch offence (hall have been committed, (hall, for every fuch offende, on complaint of the owner or owners, or his or their, agent or agents, and not otherwife, forfeit and pay fuch fum of money, not exceeding forty (hillings, as to fuch juftice or juftices {hall feem meet, together with the charges previous to and attending fuch Convi&ion, to be afeertained by fuch juftice or juftices who {hall convift the offender or offenders; and upon non-payment thereof, fuch juftice or juftices (haH commit the offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county or place where the offence {hall be committed, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding fix months, or until the penalty and charges (hall be paid ; and upon fuch con-vision, every fuch bargain, contrad, or agreement (hall become \o\d.

IV.	And whereas the owners and lejfees of coal, iron Jim, or iron ore, contracting to get the fame raifed by weight, are often under the neceffity of advancing money to the colliers and miners upon theme fun thereof in heaps, at or near the colliery or mine work, before the feme can be carried to be weighed, and great frauds are praftifdin the walling and flacking offuch coal, ironftone, andiron ore, by which the colliers and miners obtain money beyond what they earn, or are obit to repay, and miners often defraud each other by conveying avjay iron ftone from one heap into another; be it therefore further emfted, If any perfon That if any perfon or perfons (hall wall or flack, or caufe to be walled or (lacked, any coal, iron ftone, or iron ore, in any felfe coa, c. m or fraucju|ent manner> wjth an intent to deceive his or their employer or employers, or if any perfon or perfons (hall take or remove any iron ftone or iron ore with intent to defraud the perfon or perfons who (hall have raifed the fame, and (hall be thereof convi&ed, either by the confeflion of the party offending, or upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, bcimprifoned. before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county wherein fuch offence (hall have been committed, it {hail and may be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices to commit any fuch perfon to the houfe of corre&ion or common gaol for the fame county, for any time not exceeding three months.

V. And

a fraudulent manner, or (ball fraudulently remove any iron ftone, &c* he may





1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 77.	715

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon (hall (teal If any ptrfon and take away any coal, culm, or coak, wood, iron, ropes, or leather, not exceeding the value of five, (hillings, from any bank, m(‘r* than 59. yard, wharf, or other place, belonging to any manufacturer or value, from coal dealer, or off or out of any boat, barge, waggon, cart, or any place be-other carriage, or (hall wilfully bre k, deftroy, or damage any waggon, cart, or other carriage, ukd for carrying coal, culm, 0rcoal dealer,

coak,	iron, or iron ftone, or (hall (leal, hreak, deftroy, damage, or our of any or embezzle any tools or implements ufed for cutting or getting boat. See. or

coal,	culm, or other minerals, not exceeding the value above anv^c^rrin?e mentioned, and fhall, on complaint of the owner or his agent, uft;^ far c^r_ be thereof convicted, either by the confeftionof the party offend- Tying coals, ing, or by the oath of one or more credible vvitnefs or witnclfes, or lUal or before anyone or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the fo^uTcd^or county where the offence fhall he committed, every perfon fo cutting cod, offending, and being thereof convicted as aforefaid, fhall, for Sec. not ex-the firft offence, forfeit and pay fuch fum of money, not exceed- creeling 5*.

ing ten {hillings, as to fuch inftice orjuftices (hall feem meet,

6	, ,	&	’	,	J	* * *	1.	.	be Inble to

over and above the charges previous to and attending fuch con- certain penai-

vidlioo, to be afeertained by luch juftice or juftices who (hall tics.

Convict the offender, and upon non-payment thereof, fuch juftice orjuftices fhall commit the offender to the houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for one month, or until the penalty and charges (hall be paid; and if any perfon lb convicted (hall be guilty of the like offence a fecond time, and (hall be thereof convicted in like manner, fuch perfon (hall forfeit and pay fuch fum of money, not exceeding twenty (hillings, as to fuch juftice orjuftices fhall feem meet, over and above the charges previous to and attending fuch convidion, to be afeertained by fuch juftice or juftices who (hall convift the offender, and upon non-payment thereof, fuch juftice orjuftices (hall commit the offender to the houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for three months, or until the penalty and charges fhall be paid; and if any perfon fo convitfted fhall be guilty of the like offence a third time, or oftener, and (hall be thereof convicted in like manner, fuch perfon (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, fuch fum of money, not exceeding forty (hillings, as to fuch juftice or juftices (hall feem meet, over and above the charges previous- to and attending fuch conviftion, to be afeertained by fuch juftice orjuftices who (hall convibf the offender, . and upon non-payment thereof, fuch juftice or juftices (hall commit the offender to the houfe of correction, there to be kept lo hard labour for fix months, or until the penalty and charges (hall be paid; provided always. That no perfon who (hall be convicted of any offence under this ad, (hall be liable to be pro-fccuted for the fame offence,under any other law.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the forfei- Application lures to be paid in purfuance of this zd (hall be diltributed be- oi forfeitures, tween the informer and the overfeer or overfeers of the pari(h or place where the offence (hall be committed, for the ufe of the poor of fuch pari/b or place, in fuch proportion as the juftice

or





Anno regni quadragefimo Geob gii IIL c 77. [r8o0,

or juft ices before whom the offenders (hall be convi&ed (hill tliink fit.

Evidence of VII. And be it further enafled, That in all informations and inhabitants of other proceedings for any of the Iaft-mentioned offences, the where*the of ev,c*ence r^e inhabitants of the parifh or place where the offence fencers com- ^all be committed, fhall be taken and allowed; any law or ofage mitted (hall be to the cpntrary notwithftanding.

good.	VIII.	And,	for	the	more	eafy	andfpetdy	conviction	of	offender]

Convictions againfl this atty be it further enabled, That ail and every the fhall be drawn juftice or juftices of the peace before whom any perfon or period ^ ^ons	convi^e(^	°f	any	offence againft this a&, fhall and

•	may caufe the conviction to be drawn up in the following words,

or in any form of words to the fame effect, as the cafe fhall happen; (videlicet)y

form.	4 T)E it remembered, That on the	day	of

Xj	in	the	year of our Lord	A.	S.	having

been brought before me [or, having been duly fummoned, and not having appeared, as the cafe may happen] is on his own con-fefSon [or on due proof, whichever may be the cafe] convitfed before me, C. D* one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the ,	county	of	for	that	he	the faid A. iB. on the	day

of ' at	in the faid county of	did	[hm

fpecify the offence according to the fatty andfollowing the words if the atty and whether the fame is the firff or what other offence] again# the form of the ftatute in that cafe made; and I do adjudge him to forfeit and pay for the faid offence the fum of and alfo the further fum of	for	the	charges	of	this

convi&ion. Given under my hand and feal [$r, our hands and feals] the day and year firft aforesaid.* "

Profecutlons tnuft be begun Within nine months. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fef-iions.

Proceedings not to be

IX.	Provided always, That no perfon (hallbe profecutedfor any offence againft this aA, unlefs fuch profecution be begua within nine calendar months after the offence committed.

X.	Provided always and be it further epa&ed, That any perfon or perfons thinking himfelf or themfelvcs aggrieved by any .order or determination of any juftice or juftices of the peace in purfuance of this a<5t, fave aud except any order of commitment, may, within three calendar months after fuch order or determination (hall be made, complain to the juftices of the peace at the general quarter feffions to be held in and for the county or place where the caufe of appeal (hall arife, who (hall either hear and determine fuch complaint at fuch general quarter fefiions of the peace, or if they think proper may adjourn the hearing thereof tp the next general quarter feffions of the peace to be held for the faid county or place, and if they fee,cauie, may quads any con-vidlion, or mitigate any forfeiture or fine, and may award cofts to either party, or order any money to be returned which Avail have been levied in purfuance of any fuch order or determination, and (hall and may alfo award fuch furtherfetisfa&ion to be made to the party injured as they (hall judge readable; but no

proceedings

 

i8oo-] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 78, 79.	717

proceedings to be had and taken in purfuance of this aft (hall be quafhed for quafhed or vacated for want of form, or be removed by Certiorari, or by any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of his Ma> fnt^any'court jetty’s courts of record at IVejlminJhr or elfewhere; any law or of record, ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

An aft for efiablifhing further regulations for the government of the,

Britifh territories in India, and the better adminifiration of jufiice within the fame.— [July 28, 1800.]

WHEREAS the territorial pojfcffions of the united company of Preamble.

merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, in the pe~ ttinfula of India, have become fo much extended as to require further regulations to be made for the due government of the fame: and whereas by an a St of parliament, made and pajfd in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled\ An aft for con- 33 Geo. 3. tinuing in the Eajl India company, for a further term, the pof- c' **• feffion of the Britifh territories in India, together with their ex-clufive trade, under certain limitations; for eftablifhing further regulations for the government of the faid territories, and the better adminiftration of juftice within the fame; for appropriating to certain ufes the revenues and profits of the faid company; and for making provifion for the good order and government of the towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay; it is enafted, That the whole civil and military government of the prefidency of Fort Saint George, on the coaft of Coromandel, and the ordering, ma-nagement, and government, of all the territorial acquifitions and revenues on the faid coajl, and alfo fo much and fuch parts of the territories and pojfjfions on the coajl oj OrifTa, with the revenues of the fame, as had been and then were under the adminiftration of the government or prefidency of Fort Saint George, Jhoulcl be and were thereby vefled in a governor and three counfellors of and for the faid prefidency of Fort Saint George, fubjeft to fitch rules, regulations, and refiriftians, as were therein mentioned; and that the whole civil and military government of the prefidency and ifiand of Bombay, on the coaft 0/^ Malabar, and the ordering, management, and government, of all the territorial acquifitions and revenues on the faid coajl of Malabar, Jhould be and were thereby vejled in a governor and three counfellors of and for the faid prefidency and ifiand of Bombay, fubjeft to the provifion therein mentioned: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, The court of from and after the paffiog of this aft, it (ball and may be lawful direftorsmay

for aPPomt wiiat

CAP. LXXVIII.

An aft to difeharge from a difputed and (formant claim of the publick, feveral eftates belonging to the right honourable William Carr, earl of Erroll, lord high conitable of Scotland.—[July 9, 1800.]

CAP. LXXIX



7*8

p uts of the te/ritomt acquilitions, revenues, See Ihd) hr fubjed to either, ^nd whiclrof their pi tilde neks, iubjeft to the controul of the coir.mif-iioners lor the attiiirs of In-ilia.

Letters patent ot Geo. a. dated the 8th of Jan. in the 21ft of his reign.

J7 Geo. c. 14.2, recited.

*3 Geo. 3-c. 63.

His Majefty may eft ablilh a fupreme court of judicature at

Anno regni qnadragefimo GeoRgh III. c. 79. [1800.

foj* the court of directors of the faid company for the time being, to declare and appoint what part or parts of the faid territorial acquificions, or of any other now fubjeft to the government of the faid presidency of Fort£aint Gforge’, or the faid prefidencyof Bombayi together with the revenues arifing therefrom, and the eilablifhment of civil ferv2nts connected therewith refpedively, (hall from thenceforth hereafter be fubjeft to the government of either and which of the faid prefidencies, yor of the prefidency of Fort William in Bengal, and from time to time, as occafioivmay require, to revoke and alter in the whole or in part fuch appointment, and to make fuch new diftributionof the fame as to them (hall feem fit and expedient, fubjedt neverthclefs, in all cafes, to the fuperintendence, direction, and controul of the commiflioners for the affairs of India, in like manner as any a&s or orders of the faid court of diredlors are now by law fubjeft; and all fuch territorial acquifitions, and the revenues arifing therefrom, and the eftablifhment of ciul fervants connected therewith, /hall, from -and after the time, and fubjeft as to fuch time to the conditions and limitations to be by tht faid court of directors limited and appointed for fuch purpofes refpe&ively, be to all intents and purpofes whatfoever annexed to and made fubjetf to fuch prefidency, and to the court or courts of judicature eftablifhed or to be eftablifhed therein refpedtively.

II. And whereas his late majefly King George the Second did, bj his letters patent, bearing date at Weftminfter the eighth do} rf January in the twcnty-firfl year of his reign, grant unto the faid united company of merchants of England trading to ihe Eaft Indies, his royal charter, thereby amongji other things conjlituting and ejla-blijhing courts of civil, criminal, and ecclefia/lical jurifdiftion at the united company9s refpeftive fettlements at Madras Patnam, Bombay, or the ift and of Bombay, and Fort William in Bengal: and whereat the J'aid charter, info far as it refpefts the adminijlration of jufliee at Madras, has been altered and changed, by virtue of an a ft peffei in the thirty-feventh year of his prrfent Majefly, intituledAn a& for the better adminiftration of juftice at Calcutta, Madras, and Bom-bay y and for preventing Britifh fubjefls from being concerned in loans to the native princes in India : and whereas the faid charter, fo far as it refpetis the adminijlration ofjujliceat Fort William in Bengal, has alfo been altered and changedby virtue of.an aft pajfei in the thirteenth year of his prejent Majefly, intituled, An ad for efiablifhing certain regulations for the belter management of the affairs of the Eajl India company, as well in India as in Europe, and by divers fubfequent Jlatutes: and whereas it may be expedient, for the better adminijlration of jufliee in the faidfettJemeni of Madras, that a fupreme court ofjudicature Jbould be cjiablijbtd at Madras, is the fame form, and with the fame powers and authorities, as that now fubftjling, by virtue of the feveral afts before-mentioned, at Fort William in Bengal: be it therefore ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, by charter, or letters patent under the great feal of Great Britain, to ered and eftabhlh a fupreme court of judicature at Madras afotefaid,

to





i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefirpo Geokgii III. c. 79.	719

la eoofift of fuch and the like number of perfons, to be named from time to time by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, with number full power to exerciie fuch civil, criminal, admiralty, and eccle- ofperfous,&c. fiaftical jurifdiftions, both as to natives and Britijh fubiefts, and as the fupreme to be invefted with fuch power and authorities, privileges and court at Fort immunities, for the better adminiftration of the fame, and fub- Wlliam* jeft to the fame limitations, rertriftions, and controul within the faid Fort Saint George and town of Madras, and the limits thereof, and the factories fubordinate thereto, and within the territories which now are or hereafter may be fubjeft to or dependant upon the faid government of Madras, as the faid fupreme court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal, by virtue of any law now in force and unrepealed, or by this prefent aft, doth confifl: of, is invefted with, or fubjeft to, within the faid Fort William, or the kingdoms or provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Oriffa.

III.	Provided always, That the governor and council at Ma~ How far the

dras, and the governor general of Fort William aforefaid, (hall coundUt30 enjoy the fame exemption, and no other, from the authority of Madras, and the faid fupreme court of judicature to be there erefted, as is en- the governor joyed by the faid governor general and council at Fort William general°fFort aforefaid, from the jurifdiftion of the fupreme court of judicature be exempted there already by law eftabliflied.	~	from the au-

IV.	And be it further cnafted, That if his Majefty, bis heirs thority of the or fucceflbrs, (hall grant fuch charter as aforefaid, and ereft fuch cou£ *° ** fupreme court of judicature at Madras as aforefaid, all the records, ere e muniments, and proceedings whatfoever, of and belonging to]Lf

the late mayor’s court at Madras, or to the late court of oyer ftprcme court and terminer, and gaol delivery, which were, by the faid aft at Madras, the pafled in.the thirty-feventh year'of his prefent Majefty, directed r<cordsdirtft-- to be delivered over, preferved, and depofited in the new courts edhy recited erefted by virtue of the faid aft ; and all the records, muniments, * to bede-*0* and proceedings whatfoever, of and belonging to any of the faid livered over to new courts, (hall, from and immediately after fuch fupreme thenewcourts, court of judicature as his Majefty is hereby empowered to ereft, afld thofe bc-(hall be eftabliflied at Madras, be delivered over to be preferved Jo^Siafl b/de-and depofited for fafe cuftody in the faid new court of judicature; liJeredoverto to which all parties concerned (hall and may have refort and the fupreme recourfe upon application to the faid court.	court

V.	And be it further enafted, That To much of the charter Somuchofthe granted by his prefent Majefty, for crefting the courts of the charter of his recorder of Madras and Bombay, as relates to the appointment of Sty^Jbrcred-firch recorder, and the erefting of fuch courts of judicature at jng the courts Madras, in cafe a new charter fliall be granted by his Majefty, of recorder at his heirs or fucceflbrs, and fliall be openly publiflied at Madras, Madras, as from and immediately after fuch publication, fliall ccafe and de- apMintniciif termine and be abfolutely void to all intents and purpofes what- of a recorder, foever; and all powers and authorities granted by the faid aft See. if a new of the thirty-feventh of his prefent Majefty to the faid courts ofcl,arte^b^ . the recorder at Madras, (hall ceafe and determine, and be ^^ofd * and longer exercifed by the faid court, but the fame (hall and may the powers

be exercifed by the fupreme court of judicature to be erefted by granted byre* Vol. XLIi.	Aaa	vinu^R^fW^0^

• Digitized By OUVJX1'-

Anno regni quadragefimo Gegrgii III. c. 79. [1800.

I

paid certain laliries to the chief juftice and judges of the fupreme court as Hull

720

37 Geo. 3. virtue of this a&, in the manner and to the extent herein-before

eTc^the* AU .f , _ , ' ......

fupreme	VI.	And	be	it	further enacted, That when the faid fupreme

court.	court of judicature which his Majefty is hereby empowered to

The court of ere<5t, (hall be ereefted, the court of directors of the faid united directors (hall company (hall, and they are hereby required to dirett and caufe caufe to be t0	certain	and eftablifhed falarics to the chief juftice, and

each of the judges of fuch fupreme court of judicature at Madras as (hall be by the faid new charter eftabli/hed ; that is to fay, To the chief juftice fix thoufand pounds by the year; and to each of the judges at the faid fupreme court of judicature at Madras live thoufand pounds by the year *, and that fuch falarics fhail be paid be eftablifhed and payable to each and every of them rcfpedively out of the by the new territorial revenues of the faid fettlement of Madras, at an ex-cJ}r^ter* °.ut change of eight (hillings for the pagoda of that fettlement. tori a Ire venue 8 VII. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid falaries fluO of Madras, commence and take place in refpedt to fuch perfons who (hall be When falaries refident in Great Britain at the time of their appointment, upon ft 1 all com- ^ and from the day on which fuch perfon (hall embark from Gm\ *h|lck Britain, and that the falaries of all fuch perfons who (hall at the of^ll perqui-1 t,me	their appointment be refident in India,	(hall commence

titea.	and take place from and after their reflectively taking upon them

the execution of their office as aforefaid ; and that all fuch fabrics (hall be in lieu of all fees of office, perquifites, emoluments, and advantages whatfoever, and that no fees of office, perquifites, emoluments, or advantages whatfoever (hall be accepted, received, or taken in any manner, or on any acco.unt or pretence whatfoever, other than fuch falaries and allowances as are in and by this a6t dire&ed to be paid.

Jfthe chief VIII. And be it further enabled. That if the chief juftice, or* juftice, or any any or either of the puifne judges of the fupreme court ofjudi-puifne cature to be ere&cd at Madras by virtue of this a<ft, (hall return return tc^Eu- t0 Europe^ from age, infirmity, or other caufe to be approved of rope, his Ma- hy his Majefty, it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, by jeity may di- warrant under the fign manual, to direft and authorile an allow* redt allow- ance t0 macle out 0f the revenues of the Britijh territories in anade lo them	to fuch chief juftice or judge fo returning: provided

out of the re- always. That it (hall not be lawful for his Majefty to direct any venues of the larger allowance to be made to fuch chief juftice than the lum of British tern- on^ thoufand fix hundred pounds fterling, nor to either of the n^^excee^inc	puilhe judges fo returning, than the fum of one thoufand two

a certain ° hundred pounds fterling per annum \ nor fhail it be lawful for his amount, pVo- Majefty to direft any allowance to be made to any perfon who jjhjcd tHeyv ^	rcfideJ in India for feven years, either as chief juftice or

India feven m one 0* ^le Pu^ne judges of the fupreme court of judicature of Fcrt IP': Hi (Un, or of the fupreme court of judicature to be erected , as aforefaid at Madras, nor to authorife the payment of any fum winch, with the fums already directed and authorifed to be paid at the date of fiich grant, (hall in the whole exceed the amount of the fftary to be paid to one of the puifne judges of the (aid fu-•preihe court. ' "

4	IX.	Provided

years m certain fitua-tiona.





i8oo.] Anno regnl quadragefimo Georgii Ilf. c. 79.	721

IX.	Provided always, and be it hereby further cnaded, That The falsies of

when either of the judges of the fupreme court of judicature at t^reme ^ Fort William, or of the fupreme court of judicature which his courtT^nd of Majefty is hereby empowered to ered at Madras, or the recorder the recorder of Bombay, ftiall refpedively leave India, the falary now payable, of Bombay, to or which may become payable under and by virtue of this ad,	dTa

to any fuch judge or recorder refpedively, (hall ceafe and be no tav!n^ n 1 # longer paid; any thing herein or in any former ad or ads contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithstanding.

X.	And be it further enaded, That whenever the office of How the va-recorder of Bombay (hall become vacant, and no perfon (ball be

upon the fpot who fhall have been appointed by his Majefty to B0.rb.1y (hall fuccced to fuch recorderffiip, in fuch cafe, and as foon as thebe fupplied in fame fhall be made known to the fuprefrie court of judicature calc no luc-■ which his Majcfty is hereby empowered to ered at Madras,\ the ^^^fpoU junior puifne judge of the faid court (hall, and he is hereby ** n * directed and authorifed to proceed with all convenient fpeed to the faid fettlement of Bombay, and fhall take upon himlelf the * *

. office of recorder of the faid fettlement, and (hall hold and ex-ercife the fame in as full and ample a manner, and with the like allowances and exemptions, as if he had been appointed recorder of the faid fettlement by his Majefty, or provifionally by virtue of the ad palled in the thirty-feventh year of his prefent Ma-jefty’s reign, and fhall continue to hold and exercife the faid office until a recorder fhall have been appointed by his IVlajefty, and until fuch recorder fhall arrive at the faid fettlement and no longer: provided always, That if at the time of the notification of fuch vacancy, the eftablifhment of the laid fupreme court at Madras fliaJl not be full, and the eflabiifhment of the fupreme court at Fort William fhall be full, then and in fuch cafe only the junior puifne judge of the faid fupreme court of judicature at Fort JViUiam, as foon as the vacancy in the laid office of recorder is made known to the faid fupreme court, fhall in like manner proceed to take upon himfelf the faid office of recorder at Bom- The eovernor bay, and fhall continue to hold and exercife *the (ame in like and council at manner, to all intents and purpofes, as is herein before provided; Fort St. any thing in the laid ad, or in any other act or ads, to the George contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.	tiooTfor ffie*

XI.	And be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be provincial

lawful to and for the governor aod council	at	Fort	Saint George courts ami

aforefaid, to frame	regulations from time	to	time	for the pro- councils ap-

vincial courts and councils within the territories and provinces	^as

which now are, or (hall at any time hereafter be (and while the governor fame (hall fo be)	annexed to or made	fubjed	to the fafd general and

prefidency, in like	manner^ and fubjed	to. all	the regula- c°uncil at

tions, provifions, and confirmations touching the fame, as the

governor general and council at Fort William aforefaid are,

better adnii-!

any ad now in force, authorifed and empowered to do, for‘the nirtratiqn of better admfniftration of juftice among the native inhabitants andj^ic? in Ben-others bejng within the provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Vrijfal g^* ^c# ■ * '

XII.	An<l be it furtherenaded, That if the governor gene* nor^eneraTof ral of Fori William in Bengal for the time being, or the goy^^port *wuiiamj

A A A 2	Dl9ltl d b of or the govcjrk

722 Anno rcgni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 79. [1800,	;

nor of Fort of the faid prefidency of Fort Saint Gtorge% and of the faid prcfi- i s^.•^eo^e*or deoey and ifland of Bombay refpedlively for the time being, (hall j Jkall'figni^y happen to he abfent from any council to be aflembled for the | his intended faid refpe<5live prefidencies of Fort William and Fort Saint Getqt> ' ah fence from and the faid prefidency and ifland of Bombay^ owing to indif* the fe^oCl1* Potion or any other caufe whatfoever, and (hall fignify fuch hii memb"r°pre- intended abfence to fuch council fo to be aflembled, then and ierit flwli in every fuch cafe the fenior member for the time being who prefide; but (hall be prefent at the council fo aflembled, (hall prefide at fuch no a^.offuch council, in fuch manner, and with fuch full powers and autho-b^vnlid, un- r*t*cs» during the time that fuch council (hall continue to be | lets figned by aflembled, as fuch governor general or governor might or would the governor have had in cafe luch governor general or governor were him- . general, or fc|f a&ually prefent at fuch council: provided neverthelefs, That 1 fj*&ively!lf 110 a<^ any council fo held (hall be valid to any eflfeft what- •' refident at the foever, unlefs the fame (hall be figned by fuch governor general prefidency, or governor refpeclively, if fuch governor general or governor and not pre- (hall at the time be' refident at the prefidency at which fuch auction I”* counc*l (hall.be fo aflembled, and (hall not be prevented by fuch and if not fo indifpofition from figning the fame: provided always. That in prevented,	cafe fuch governor general or governor, not being fo prevented

a"fi f♦	as af°r<:fa,d> (hall decline or refufe to fign fuch a& of council, he

he, and°thfn> anc* feveraJ members of the council who (hall have figned the members who fame, (hall mutually exchange with and communicate in writing fhali have to each other the grounds and rcafons of their refpc&ivc opini-fhali ons> \n Jifcc manner, and fubjedt to fuch regulations and ultimate rommutucate refponfibility of fuch governor general or governor refpeclively, the grounds of a* are by the faid a&, pafled in the thirty-third year of the reign their opinions of his prefent Majefty, provided and directed in cafes where reetted^a <3^uck 6overnor general or governor refpe&ively (hall, when pre-S^Geo. 3. ^nt, diflent from any meafurc propofed or agitated in fuch where he fhali, council refpectively: provided alfo, That nothing herein con-when prefent, rained (hall be taken or conftrued to prevent foch governor Seo3un°'L £enera^ m ca**e &aH he abfent from his own government of The^overn r	t0	ft°mhute	a	vice	prefident	and	deputy	governor	of

gencfa^wiirn ^ort ^illiamy according to the provi/ion for that purpofe in the abfent, may faid adl palled in the thirty-third year of his prefent Majefty. nominate a X1IL And be it further enacted, That where any perfon or and deCfidCnt perfons (liall have been convidled at any feirion of oyer and ter-governor of ,m*aer or delivery, or any feflion of the peace which (hall Fort William, have been holden for any of the faid prefidencies or (ettlements Per tons who of Fort William and Fort Saint George, and the faid prefidency ot have been ifland of Bo?nhayy of the crime of perjury, or of grand or petit convicted of larceny, or 0{ any other offence for which fuch perfon or perfons whlSTthcy* wouhl» before the pafling of this a&, have been liable by the would have laws of this realm to be tranfported, it (hall and may be lawful been liable by for the court before which any fuch perfon or perfons (hall be fo °f . convicted as aforefaid, or any fubfequent court holden any of before the# ^ Pre(idencics above-mentioned refpeftively, with like autho-paflsng of this rity, to order and adjudge that fuch perfon or perfons io con* ; aft, to be vteted *s aforefaid, (h*ll be tranfported to the eaflern coaft of traerporud,	#	Jf^p

o

 

1

J

C

d

v

a

1

il

ti

l\

0

fc

ti

21

2]

V

0

Q

C

«

a

«

H

!

ti

i

c

f;

2

i

f.

0

fl

(

f!

C

}

0

il

t

..■ri-

rx-

l. ;

,uV';

d**

'C&

ri:^

;>JV!

>!?

vf~l

S>#

rP'

>*

■&*

p

p

■p

■p‘

t'c 1(1

t

■ &

I

*

f

*■

1800.] Anno regni quatdragelimo Georgii ill. c 79.	723

New South Wales* or fome one or other of the iflands adjacent, may be tranA or elfewbere, and for fuch term of years as the (aid court (hall wato direft; and where any perfon or perlons (hall hereafter be con- &c alKj vidled of any crimes whatfoever, for which he, (he, or they is, fans who (hall are, or (hall be by the laws of this realm, as extending to the hen-after be Britijh dominions in India* excluded from the benefit of clergy, ™V^rnts it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch court refpeOively, as excluding * they fhall fee fit, inftead of awarding fentence of execution them from be-againft fuch offender or offenders, to order fuch offender or nefit °) clergy offenders to be in like manner transported, either for life, or for fuch number of years as fuch court (hall award and order; and CXrCution, be the governor and council of fuch prefidency refpe&lvcly fhall, ordered to be and they are hereby required to take order for the due perform- tran(ported, ance of all fuch femences of tranfportation accordingly: pro- Natives of In-vided always, That it fhall not be lawful for any fuch court to order the tranfportation of any perfon or perfons, being natives parents not to of India and not born of European parents, to the eaftern coaft betr.u.fported of New South Wales* or any of the iilands adjacent thereto.	^cw	^outkl

XIV.	Provided neverthelefs, That no offence whatfoever '	e^.

lhall be liable to be punifhed by fuch fentence of tranfportation

as aforefaid (except in cafe the fame, fhall be fubftituted as afore- by tranfporta-faid in the place of a capital punifhment) unlefs fuch offence tion (except fhall have been committed three months after this adt, and a)l fubftituted for the claufes and provifions therein contained fhall have been	un?e*ft^*

openly publifhed in the faid prefidencies of Fort William, Fort committed Saint George* and Bombay refpedtively; any thing herein con- three months tained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.	after this att

XV.	And be it further enacted, That if any offender fo or-

dered by any fuch court to be tranfported for any term of life or	william,

years, or other time or times as aforefaid, fhall return into any See. of the faid territories or acquifitions of the faid united company, If any perfon or fhall come into any part of Great Britain or Ireland* before J^i^turn the end of his or her faid term, he or fhe fo returning as afore- -mto the tcr-faid (hall be liable to be punifhed as a perfon attainted of felony, ritories of the without the benefit of clergy, and execution may and fhall be united coin-awarded againft fuch offender accordingly. '	Jbrethccx^~

pi ration of his term, he fhall be punifhed as a felon without benefit of clergy.

XVI.	Provided neverthelefs. That nothing herein contained HisMajefty (hall be conftrued or taken to prevent his Majefty, his heirs and may extend fucceffors, from extending his or their royal mercy to any fuch offender or offenders, and from allowing of the return of any 0 "n er8‘ fuch offender or offenders from fuch place of tranfportation.

XVII.	And whereas great intonveniencies have rejulted from the manner in which the courts of reqiufis for the recovery of /mail debts in the refpeftive fettlements of Fort William and Fort Saint

George are conflicted-* be it therefore further enacted. That it The governor fhall and may be lawful to and for the governor general and council of Fort William* and for the governor and council of fort William, Fort Saint .George aforefaid for the time being refpedtively, to aodthegovet-order and appoint in what manner the faid courts refpe&ively norandcoun-fball in future be formed, and to what amount in value, riot ^ exceeding the fum of four hundred ficca rupees, the jyriftli&fion

a A a 3	of

m

manner the courts of re-qudls fJiall in future be formed, and to what amount the jurifctldion /hall extend. See.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 79. [1800.

of the famd (hall extend, -and to frame and make foch new rules and orders, and to eftablilh and declare fuch new modes and forms of proceeding, as to them (hall appear to be neceflary and expedient for new-modelling, altering, and reforming thd prefent condi tut ion and practice of the faid courts refpe&ivcly, and by their proclamation, to be made and publifhed in due form of law, to declare and notify to all perfons concerned, fuch new ^onftitution, rules, orders, modes, and forms of proceeding, and the time from whence they are to have force andeffeftj and from and after fuch time as (hall be fo refpeftively notified for that purpofe, the prefent courts of requefts, as well as the rules, orders, modes, and forms of proceeding which are now %	ufed and obferved therein, (hall be aboliflied and ceafe, and

'	thenceforth the new court, rules, ordeis, modes,'and forms of

proceeding which the faid governor general and council are authored and empowered, under and by virtue of this afi, to make and publilh, (hall be in full force and effefl; any former aft or afts to the contrary thereof in any'wife notwithftandtng.

XVIII.	And whereas the powers given by the aft of the thirteenth year of his prefent Alajcjiy to the governor general and council of the faid united company's fettle inept at Fort William aforefaii, to enforce the obfervance of fuch rulesy ordinances, or remulations, for the good order and civil government of the faid fctilemcnt, and other factories and places jubordinate to or to be fubonlinate thereto, as they are thereby authorifed to make, by fitting, impofing, and levying . reafonabk fines and forfeitures for the breach or non-objirvance of fuch rules, ordinances, and regulations, have not been found fujjfcient for the prefervatioi of good order in the faid fettle ment; be it there-The governorfore enacted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the

faid governor general and council for the time being, inaddi-

general and

Fort William tion lo> or inftead of fuch fines and forfeitures as qbove-inen-may order tioned, to order or appoint fuch moderate and reafonable corporal corporal pu- punilhment, by publick or private whipping, or other wife, as to brendi1!)/°r l^em	^eem	anc* expedient, for the breach or non-ob-

rules, made fervance of any fuch rules heretofore made or hereafter to be by under autho- them made, by virtue of the authority herein-before recited, Tity of the re-fubjeft nevertheiefs to fuch regiftry, publication, approbation, it Geo. 2 power of appeal, and other regulations, as in and by the faid recited aft, palled in the thirteenth year of his prefent Majefty, are preferibed and provided touching the rules, ordinances, regulations, fines, and forfeitures therein and herein-before* ‘mentioned.

Ko corporal XIX, Provided always, and be it further enafled, That no purdfhment to fuch corporal punifhmfcnt (hall in any Cafe be ordered to be be ordered Jnflifted, except only in cafe of due conviction of the offender before two juftices of the pedee afting in and for the faid fertle-nrertt, prefidencies, and,places thereto fubordinate, which offence ’ftlch'two juftices of the peace are hereby aitthorifed and empowered to hear and determine, and to order fuch punifttnent Ko convidtfon upon conviftioif as aforefaid: provided alfo, That no fuch con-ro be review- viftion, judgement, or order, (hall be reviewed or brought into “	♦	any

except on convi&ioit before two juitkes.





1800.] Anno tegni quadragefimo Georgii IJI. c. 79.	725

any fuperior court by writ of Certiorari or appeal, or any other procefs whatfoever; any thing in any former a£t or acts to the* contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XX.	And whereas the province or diflrift of Benares has hem ceded to the /aid united company, and been annexed to the faid presidency of Fort William in Bengal, Jince the ellabiifhmcnt of the faid fupreme court of judicature at For \ William of or faid, and it is expedient that the fame Jhould be fubjeSi to the jurijdiftion of the faid court, in like manner as the kingdoms or provinces of Bengal,

•Bahar, and OrifFa ; and that the faid province or dijirift, and all other provinces or diji riels, which may hereafter be at any time annexed and made fubjetf to the faid prcfidency, foould be jubjefl to fuch regulations as the governor general and council of Fort William aforefaid have•framed or may frame for the better adminijlration of jujlice among the native inhabitants and others within the fame rejpebiively; be it therefore further ena&ed* Thar, from and March after the hrft day of March which will be in the year of our Lord power of the one* thouiand eight nupdred and one, the power and authority fUpreme of the laid fupreme court of judicature in and for the faid prefi- courj of jtidi-dency of Fort William. aforefaid, as now and by virtue of this ad eftabliihed, and all fuch regulations as have been or may be extend^over hereafter, according to the powers and authorities, and fubjed the province to the provifions and reftridlions before enaded, framed, and of Benares, provided, (hall expend to and over the faid province or diftrid^ all places of Benares, and to and over all the fa&ories, dtftrids, and places, tJeretc^and which now are or hereafter (hall be made fubordinate thereto, all diftrids ; and to and over ail fuch provinces and d.ftrids as may at any time hereafter an-' hereafter be annexed and made fubiect to the faid preftdency 0f nexed to the Fort	William aforefaid.	'	.	Pre,>delicr-

XXL And whereas great inccnveniencies have arifen from the ■ practice of granting letters of adminijlration by the faid jupreme From March court of judicature at Fort William aforefaid, in cafes where the i> 1801, when-next of kin, or any of the creditors of the deceafed, do not apply for the fame, to perjons calling tbemfelv s friends of the deceafed \ be it (hall die with* therefore further enacted, That, from and after the nrft day of in either of Alarch which will be in the year of our Lord one thoufand eight A?c prefiden* hundred and one, whenever any Britifh fubjed ihall die inteftate Jinate^crrito-within either of the prefidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint v\CSf and no George, or Bombay, or the territories fubordinate to either of nexr of kin or the laid prefidencies, or to become fubordinate thereto, and on creditor (haH return of the citation to be iftued from .theproper ecclefiaftical *e^ffer ofthe court, no next of kin or creditor fliall appear and make out their ecclefiaftical claim to the adminiftration of the effects ofthe inteftate deceafed court (hall to the fatisfa&ion of the faid court, it /ball and may be lawful apply for let— for the regifter of fuch court refpedtively, and he is hereby re- ^ftrationand quired to apply for, and fuch court is hereby required. and j^u coNett directed to grant fuch letters ad colligenda or of adminiftration, as the aft’ets of to fuch court Ihall feem meet, by virtue whereof fuch regifter the'deefeafcd* ihall collet the afiets of the deceafed, and fliall bring them for th^rr^nto fafe cuftody into fuch court, and account for-them regularly, in court, and like manner as is now by law provided in cafes where aflets are account for

aa A.4	rveftedth«o.

 VjOOQIC

726 Anno rcgni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 79. [1800.

vefted in the hands of any officer of the court, under or by virtue of the equitable jurifdiftion of any fuch court.

When any XXU. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That creditor who w^en any next k,n or creditor, who, at the time of the re-fhall have been lurn of tlve above citation, (hall have been abfent in Europe or abfcnt, fhall elfewhere, fhall make and eftablifh their claim to the adminif-make out his tratiori of the aflets of fuch inteftate, the letters ad colligcnda or letters of ad- °^ adnniniftration, granted by virtue of this act to the (aid regif-miniftration terf Ihall he recalled, and adminitration in due form granted to to the regiiter fuch next of kin or creditor refpeftively.

rt" XX1IL And whereas doubts may have arifen whether any of the letters wanted ™urts °f judicature' eftablifhed in India by virtue of his Majefljt to the claim, charter, are competent to adminifier adequate relief to infilvent delb ant.	tors, who JIand charged in execution for debts under a tertain amount,

according to the provifeons of an afl paffed in the thirty fecond year of his late Majefly's reign, commonly called The Lord’s Aft, be it The judge of therefore further enafted, That it fhall and may be lawful for the tupreme the judge of the faid fupreme court at Fort IV/Ilium, and of the William, and fuPrcmc court which hi* Majefty is empowered by this aft to of the fupreme ereft at Madras, or for the court of the recorder at Bombay, to court to be erefted at Madras, and the court of the recorder at Bombay, may make rules for extending to in-folvent debt-tors, the relief intended by aft 3*

Geo. i. commonly called The Lord's Aft.

make and publifh fuch rules and orders as to them reflectively fhall feem meet, for extending to fuch infolvent debtors as (bail be in execution under the procefs of fuch refpeftive courts, or of any court previoufly eftablifhed at fuch prefidency refpeftively, for Aims under the amount to be prclcribed by fuch rules and orders, the relief intended by the faid aft, and to preferibe and order what weekly fum the creditor or creditors at whofe fuit fuch debtor {lands charged in execution, fhall be obliged to pay and allow, in cafe fuch creditor or creditors (hail iniift on fuch debtor being detained in cuflody, and to adopt and proportion the fame, as well as the amount of fuch debt as above mentioned, to the general ftate and condition of fuch debtors, whether natives or Europeans, under the jurifdiftion of fuch court rcfpeftively \ and fuch courts are hereby authorised and empowered, as loon as fuch rules and orders fhall have been made and eftablifhed, to proceed to aft upon the fame accordingly as cafes may arife.to require the fame, and to make fuch orders in fuch cafes as may be neceflary to carry the fame fully into effeft: provided always. That all fuch rules and orders as arc firft above-mentioned, for preferring the mode in which fuch relief fhall be adminiftered, (hall be iranfmitted to the prefident of the board of commiffioners for the affairs of India, to be laid before his Majefty for his royal approbation, correction, or revifton, and fuch rules and orders fhall be obferved until the fame fhall be repealed or varied, and in the tail cafe with fuch variation as fhall be made therein.

XXIV. And be it further enafted, That all rules and orders w ^ heretofore made or hereafter to be made, previous to the notifi-not ideation of cation of this prefent aft, in fuch prefidencies refpeftively, by this aft io the any of tlje courts above-mentioned, or any court previoufly efta-pr*fi Wnft<*g, blifhed in either of the faid prefidcncies for the relief and dilcharge

AH rules nude previous to the

for the relief





i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georoxi 111. c. 80.	727

of fuch infolvent debtors, and and all afts by them, or either of of infolvent them, done or commanded in purfuance thereof, (hall be, and ^Confirmed they are hereby ratified and confirmed, and all prefent aftions aIMj ajj /ujt8 9 and fuits, indiftments, informations, and all molefiations, profe- commenced eutions, and proceedings whatfoever, which may have been, or for ading un-may be had, commenced, or profecuted, againft any perfon whomsoever, for acting or having afted under and in obedience De vo to any fuch rules or orders, are and (hall be difeharged, annulled, and utterly made void and of no effeft, to all intents anid pur-pofes, by virtue of this aft.

XXV. And whereas it may be expedient for his MojeJly\ his heirs or fucceffors, to ifj'ue a commiffcn from his high court of admiralty in England, for the trial and adjudication of prize caufes, and other maritime questions arifing in India; be it therefore further enafted,

That it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and HisMajefty fucceffors, to nominate and appoint all or any of the judges of the fupreme court of judicature at F.rt IViUiam aforefaid, or of for carrying the fupreme court of judicature to be erefted as aforefaid at into execution Madras, or the court of the recorder at Bombay, either alone or * co®mt,^a jointly with any other perfons to be named in fuch commiflion, and adjudicate be commiflioners for the purpofe of carrying fuch commiflion tion of prize fo to be iiliied as aforefaid into execution ; any aft or afts to the cauiies, &c. in contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.	India.

CAP. LXXX.

An aft for ere Sling a lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the county of Kent\ and for reducing into one aft the laws relating to quarantine^ and for making further provifum therein.—{July 28, 1800.]

WHEREAS by an aCl, paffed in the firjl fejfon of the thirty- Preamble.

ninth year of his prefent Majefty9s reign, intituled, An aft to 39 Geo. > encourage the trade into the Levant Seas, by providing a more c. 99* convenient mode of performing quarantine; and for reducing the duty, granted by an aft of the laft feflion, on goods the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any place within the Streights of Gibraltar, it was entitled, That it fhould arid might be lawful to and for his Majefly, bis heirs and fucceffors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, by any order or orders to be iffued from time to time, to grant licence and permijjion for the im- .	,

fortation into Great Britain, or the ijlands of Guernfey, Jerfey,

Alderney, Sark, or Man, of all goods, wares, and merchandizes, coming from the Levant Seas, without clean bills of health, without fuch goods, wares, and merchandizes having been opened and aired in any of the lazarets of Malta, Ancona, Venice, 'Medina,

Leghorn, Genoa, or Marfeilles, as was before by law required;

. and that all fuch goods and merchandizes fhould and might be admitted to an entry in any of the ports of Great Britain, or the fuid ijlands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, fubjeft neverthe-tefs to fuch regulations, rules, orders, and directions, with refpeft to	\

opening and airing fucb goods and merchandizes previous to the land-inj thereof, and to the performance of quarantine by the crews or

u

	iv-

728	Annoxegni	quadragefimo	Georgii	III,	c.	80.	[1800.	I

ether perjons belonging to or being on board of the Jhips dr %iejfch it j ' which fuch goods or merchandizes Jhould be imported, as bis Mojcjly, by and with the advice of his privy council, Jhould.\ by any order or orders to be ijjued as afarefaid, make, prejcnbe, or dire ft: and . whereas by the laws of this kingdom, dll Jhips or vejfels coming with■*

4 m out fuch clean bill of health from drty other place liable to tbt plaguy j or any other infeflious dfordcr of the nature of the plague, except j from the Levant, were not, previous to the poffing of the fail ad , of the thirty-ninth year of his prefent Majefy* s reign, nor are nm refrained from entering into any of the ports, of this kingdom, in 1 none of which, never theUjs, has fefficient provifton been made for the performance of quarantine by Jhips fo coming without Jucb clean bills of health: and whereas certain Jhips did fo arrive Jrom the port of Mogadore, in the courfe of lajl Autumn, which for wart of ' fuch provifton, it was tier fary, to defroy, and the public k thereby became fubjeft to a great charge: and whereas by an aft, pojjed in the twenty-futh year of the reign of his Majefy King George tbt *6 Geo. %*	Second, intituled. An ad to oblige (hips more effectually to per*

c# ^	form their quarantine ; and for the better preventing the plague

being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the ifles of Giunf y, ferjey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; it.was enafted, 7hat whenever his Majefy, his heirs and fucccjfors, by and with the advice and confent of parliament, Jhould dir eft honfes or lazarets to be provided for the receiving and entertaining of pirjons obliged to perform quarantine, or for the depefting, openings and airing of goods and merchandizes liable to perform guar anting at therein-mentioned, it Jhould and might be lawful for his Majefly to rrefl the fame in fuch places, and in fuch manner as his Mojdly Jhould judge necrfjary for the purpofes aforefaid, paying fuch run, rent, or other conjiderationx as Jhould be agreed upon, or ajfjfed and ■ adjudged, in fuch inanner as therein preferibed: and wh treat by on aft puffed in the fifth year of his prefent Majefys reign, a certain fum of money was granted by parliament towards building a kzant: and whereas doubts' having arijen whether his Majefy was fufficu ently enabled, by the powers in the faid lafi-mentioned afts contained, to contrast and agree for the alflute pur chafe of lands, me fudges, tenements, and hereditaments, to be fettled unalienably in the crown, for the purpofe of making, ere fling, and ejlablijhing Jucb lazaret; it was, by an afl paffed in the twelfth year of his prefent Majijhjs 1% Geo. 3#	reign, intituled. An ad to explain and amend fo much of an ad

**	made in the twenty-fixth year of the rergn of his late Majefty

King George the Second, as relates to the efiablifhment of lazarets, enafled. That it Jhould be lawful fo andfor the lords com* mijfioners *of his Majefy's treafnryf then or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treajurer for the tint ’ being, on the behalf of his Majefy, his heirs aud JucceJfors, Jrom time to time, and at all times thereafter, to treat, contraft, and agree for the abfluie pur chafe or fale, rtleafe or Jurrender, to or for the ufe of his Majefy, his heirs and fucccjfors, of any ejlatt or ejlates of inheritance in any lands, tneffuages, tenements, or beredi- * taments which they Jhould judge to be> by their ftuation and in otbet

refptflsl

iBoo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. So. 729

refpetts, convenient and fit for the purpofes intended by the f aid attf for fucb fum or fums of money, or upon fuch other terms or condi-tionSy as they jhould think fitting, and to make payment of the fame out of the before-mentionedfum of money: and whereas the lords commijjioncrs of his Maje/Iy's treafury have, in purfuance and under the authority of the faid Lift mentioned attf made purchafc of certain lands on Chetney Bill, in the county of Kent, for the purpofi of fretting a lazaret thereon : and whereas it is expedient that a fund Jhould be provided for enabling his Majejly to defray the charges of eretting a proper lazaret on the faid lands on Chetncy Hi!!, and alfo fuch charges as /hall arife from the neccfjary cftablijlment and exp cnees incident to fuch lazaret when completed, as well aS from thole of a I floating lazaret to be made ufe of in the mean time, until fuch lazaret	f *	, * :

Jhall be fo eretted and completed: be it therefore enacted by the	, 'J	v

•King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con- /

■fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,	'	•—/

That it (hall and may be lawful for the lords commilnoncrs of The treafury his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the “lord high treafurer for the time being, from and after the patting laziret upon . of this a<5t, to give directions, and make any contract or Con- Chetney JitlT, < traCts for ereCtirft* or caufing to be ereCted a lazaret upon the *n(* mfy faid lands fo purchafed on Chetncy Hilly in the county of Kenty p^nc^om of with all neceflary and convenient accommodations for the pur- the confoii-jpofe of performing quarantine, according to fuch plan as his dated fund. Majefty, by and with the advice of his.privy council, may from •time to time approve and direCt; and for defraying the expences attending the fame, to C3ufe any fum of money to be ilVued out of the confolidated fund, not exceeding in the whole the fum of fixty-five thoufand pounds, of which a parr, not exceeding thirty .thoufand pounds, may be iflued within the- fpace of twelve	;

months from the patting of this aCf *, and the faid lazaret when Lazaret to be ; completed, and all the buildings and accommodations thereto uuder thema- -belonging, and until the fame (hall be completed the faid float- oflktra ap- \ ing lazaret (hall be under the management, order, and direction pointedhythc \ of fuch oiiicei s as (hall be appointed by the lords -commiflioners treafury. See, j of his Majeftv’s treafury, or any three or more of them, or the	*

lord high treafurer for the time being, for keeping the fame fit and ready for the reception of perfons and goods, and for their due performance of quarantine; and fuch officers rcfpeCfivelyfhall have fuch falaries as (hall from time to. time be appointed by his Majefty, by and with the ‘advice of his privy Council; and the falaries of the faid oflicers, and all contingent expences, (hall be defrayed out of the funds, and in the manner in which the * charges and expences of performing quarantine are at prefeqt defrayed, until fuch time as a revenue (hall be raifed fufEcient for thofe purpofes, in the manner herein-after mentioned.

II. And whereas it is reafonable that the owners of JbtpSy veJfirUy and cargoes, which in future jhall have to perform quarantincy _ n&nber .Jhould defray the charge incurred thereby;.be it further ena&ed.	the

* That, from smd.atfte/ the fit ft day of Ottober onc^thoufand eigh^ owners of I	hundred*	(hips perform*

.  *

^.oogie

in fpecifkd*

730 Anno rcgni quadrageftmo Georgii III. c. 80. [1800.

ingquaran- I hundred, there (hall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid to his gtop-T f Majcfty, his heirs and fucceflors, the feveral and refpeftive cuftoms^herc duties °f cuftoms .herein-after mentioned 5 that is to fay, For * -	‘ every ton burthen of every (hfp or veflel, the cargo of which,

6r any part thereof, (hall have performed quarantine in this kingdom, and \khich (hall have arrived from any part of 7«riryf or from any port or place in Africa within the St r eights of Gibraltar^ or in the Wefi Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, with a dean bill of health, feven (hillings and fjxpence; for every ton burthen of every fuch (hip or veflel, which (hall have fo arrived without a clean bill of health, fifteen (hillings; for every ion burthen of every (hip or veflel, the cargo of which, or any part thereof, (hall have performed quarantine in this kingdom, and which (hall have arrived from any port or place whatever except from any part of Turkey, or from any port or place in Africa within the Streights of Gibraltar, or in the Wefi Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, with a clean bill of health, three (hillings; for every ton burthen of every fuch (hip or veflel, which (hail have fo arrived without a clean bill of health, ten (hillings; for every

1$:

ton burthen of every (hip or veflel arriving in this kingdorr

Certain ref-

t:o;n

and! hid U'

with a cargo which in whole or in part (hall confift of goods, wares, or merchandize, the growth, produce, or manufacture of Turkey, or of any port or place in Africa wifhin the Strdghti of Gibraltar, or in the Weft Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, and which (hall have performed quarantine in this kingdom, and which (hall have arrived from any port or ptace iq Holland or from a Ay port or place whatever at which there is not a regular eftabltfhment for the performance of quarantine, fe*en (hillings and ilxpence; for every ton burthen of every (hip or veflel which (hall have fo arrived under fuch circumflances as thall induce his Majefty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to fubjeefc them to the like quarantine as (hips arriving from Turkey without clean bills of health, fifteen (hillings; for every ton burthen of every (hip or veflel, the cargo of which, or any part thereof, (hall have performed quarantine in this kingdom, and which (hip or veflel lhall enter inwards in the port ot London, an additional duty of one (hilling; all which feveral and refpe&ive duties (hall be raifed, levied, coJIe&ed, and paid, and (hall be fued for, recovered, and accounted for, in the fame manner, and fubjedt to the fame rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as any duties of cufloms are now fubjeft to by law, as far as the fame are applicable thereto: provided always, That no (hip or veflel arriving in this kingdom from anv port or place whatever, except from. any part of Turkey, or from any part or place in Africa, within the Str eights of Gibraltar, or in the Wefi Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, with a clean bill of health, in ballaft, or whofe cargo (hall confift wholly of fait, (ball be liable to or charged with any duty under this aft: pro-v,c*c<^ a^°* That no (hip or veflel which mall, together with its car6°> have duly performed quarantine in the lazarets of Malta, offuchdutics.	Venice, Mtffma, Leghorn, or one of them, and (ball fail

from

tile

com; tad the I tit.;

me'.

the

1*1

ix'

tar.r

fiiO

OK;

the in: or i

the

he

Jn:

CO,]

Cm

cif

ta

V:

C

0:

P3

t\

c;-

h

iCi

fa

in

i)

tt:

fo I * 1 *

 ^.ooQle

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III, c. So*	731

from thence, and arrive in this kingdom with proper documents f and vouchers attefting the fame, to the fatisfaclion of his Majefty, } his heirs or fucceflors, or of his or their privy council, (hail beI liable to or charged with any duty under this atft.

III. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That if afterjlTreafury mafv the re-payment (in the manner herein-aftcr mentioned) to thej order the du. confolh aied fund, of the faid fum of fixty-five thoufand pounds,^^^^1** hereby directed to be ifTucd out of the fame, it (hall appear to fctterwarcte the lord high treafurer or the lords commiflioners of his Majefty Vraifed again.; treafury for the time being, that the duties hereby granted are more than fufficient to defray the neceirary expences of carrying the feveral purpofes of this a& into execution, it (hall and maybe lawful for the laid lord high treafurer or lords commiflioners for the time being, from time to time, by any warrant or warrants under the hands of the faid lord high treafurer or of the faid lords commiflioners for the time being, or of any three or more of the faid lords commiflioners, to order and dire<ft that the duties hereby granted (hall be reduced in fuch proportion and manner as they (hall think proper; and alfo by like warrant or warrants (in cate the faid neceflary expences (hould afterwards require an increafe of the faid duties) to order and .diredl that the fame (hall be again raifed and increafed to any amount, not exceeding the fums hereby authorifed to be raifed and levied j and fuch warrant cr warrants (hall be fufficient authority to the commiflioners and officers of the cuftoms for railing, levying, collecting, and recovering the feveral and refpedtive duties, fpe-cified and contained in fuch warrant or warrants; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithflanding.	*	,

IV.	And be it further enacted, That no (hip or veflel, upon! No veflel upon which the tonnage duty by this aCt Impofed (hall be due and;which the du-payable, (hall be permitted to be cleared inwards in any port 0f fj^jjbedeared Great Britain, or the iflands of Guernfcy\ Jtrfey, Alderney^	jn^rdsunlefr

or Many unlefs the faid tonnage duty (hall have been firft duly it be firft paid, paid to the proper officers of the cuftoms appointed to receive the fame, or the commiflioners of the cuftoms (hall otherwife; diredt j and that the tonnage of every (hip or veflel (hall be com-/Tonnage to be puted and taken, for the purpofe of afeertaioing the faid ^ufIes	n^o	>

according to the regifter thereof, under the proviftons of an ad, the regifter ' parted in the twenty-fixth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, under 16 Gcoi intituled. An aft for the further increafe and encouragement of Jhip+ 3* c* ping and navigation, and in cafe of any difpute or doubt relative	;

thereto the lame (hall be afeertained by admeafurement, in the mode and manner preferibed in the faid laft-mentioned ad.

V.	And be it further/ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful Owners of for tjie owner or owners of any fhip and veflel, in refped of jemand^om which any of the duties impofed by this ad (hall have been paid, importers* ' to demand and receive from the refpedive importers, proprietors, proportion of or confignees of any goods or merchandizes brought or imported duties, in any fuch (hip or veflel, fuch fum or fums of money as (hall be equal to the juft and reafonable contribution, which the proportion that fuch goods and merchandize bear to the tonnage

,	burthen

  .

Duties to be raid into the

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 80, [1800.

burthen of the fhip (hall require, and no more, fuch proportion to be afcertained according to the ufagt of merchants in like cafes.

VI. And be it farther enafted, That the monies arifing from the duties hereby granted, {ball be paid into the receipt of his



•I ,	uic uuuto ucicuj' giauicu, ilium u. jjaiu imu mv,	mi

I ^ a Separate Maj city's exchequer, and carried to and made part of the con-account to be folidated fund; and that in the office of the auditor of the receipt

kept.

Application oi duties.

of his'Majc fly's exchequer, there fhall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the monies arifing from the faid duties, and paid into the faid receipt, fhall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to hisMajefty, his heirs or fuccefl’ors, upon any account whatsoever.

1 VII. And be it further cnailed, That the money lb railed, levied, collefted; and paid, fhall be applied in the firft place to defray the annual expences of the faid floating lazaret and land lazaret, Snd all other annual expences which fhall be incurred I w the execution of this aft; and in the next place, to make good / any money that fhall have been iiTued from the confolidated fund •	/	tor the firft ereftfilg of'the faid lazaret, and for providing the

• neceiTary and convenient accommodations thereto belonging in Y mapner herein-before mentioned, and to no other purpofe what-lbever.

Frorr. Oftober VIII. And whereas ft is expedient that the feveral ads of farFio* f'\\ wn tfc mCnt nrd) tn force for PerformlnC quarantine, Jhould be reduced into cited and all ong au^ ^)at father provifon fiould be mode for obliging flips other afts, in and per fas coming from places infcClcd ivith or fubjeCl to the plogucy fo far as they 0r any infectious dijeafe or dijlcmper of the nature of the plague, to relate to the perjorm quarantine in fuch manner as fhall be directed by prodam-ot quarantine, tl0n or h ov^cr °f ^ls Majefiy in council^ and for punifl)ing offender!

repealed.

%6 Geo.

C. 6.

29 Geo. 2. c. 8.

t* Geo. 3. c. 57.

28 Geo. 3.'

c. 34.

againfi fuch orders; be it enafted, That, from and alter, the firlt day of October one thoufand eight hundred, an aft, pa (Ted in the twentyTixth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aCl to oblige fldps more effectually to perform their quarantine, and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the ijles tf/'Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; another aft, palled in the twenty-ninth year of the fame reign, intituled, yfo act to repeal a claufe in an atl, made in the twenty-fixth year of his prsfint Adfie/ly, intituled, ‘ An act to oblige {hips more effectually to perform their quarantine, and for the better preventing the plagut being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the ijles of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man/ whereby the jlationing cf Jhip's infeCicd with the plague to the northward of Cape Firmierre, is confined to the harbour tf/'New Gfimfby, and re Move able to no other place, and for appointing a more fafe and com* m7dious place inflead thereof; an aft parted in the twelfth year of h?s prefent Majefty's reign, intituled, An aft to explain and amend Jo much of an ad made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, as relates to the efiablifbment of lazarets-, fo much of an act parted in the twenty-eighth year of his prefent Mdjelty's reign, intituled, An ad more effectually t$>

fecurt





to

(:c.i

TU

P

P

l:rv

A

r!

iti{

er

P

cj

J

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 80.	733

fccure the performance of quarantine, and for amending feveral laws relating to the revenue of cujhms, as relates to the performance of quarantine; and a!fo fo much a£ relates to the performance of quarantine, of an adl paffed in the thirty-eighth year of his prefent Majelly’s reign, intituled. An aft to amend two afts, made in 38	3*

the twenty fixth year of King George the Second, and the twenty- c* eighth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, refpefting the performance of quarantine for puni/hing perfons aiding contrary to any order in council, which may be made for laying any embargo on Jhips or vejfels, or for prohibiting or regulating the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandize ; • to prevent the fraudulent importation of glafs into this kingdom ; for permitting the removal of coffee and cocoa coajiwife, for the greater convenience of exportation; to autho-rife the commijj:oners of the,cujhms to return the duties paid on goods imported\ which Jhall be loft or deflroyed before the landing thereof; to' prevent vejfcls ticenfed by the admiralty from being engaged in any trade or employment not permitted by their licences; for permitting wines put on board any of his Male fly's fiAps to be removed from one Jhip to another, without being fijt landed and warehoufed; and for extending the provifions of an aft, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, to wines delivered into the charge of the * colleftor and comptroller of his Majejly*s cufloms at the port of Falmouth ; and yWo fo much as relates to the performance of quarantine, of an adf, palled in the thirty-ninth year of his pre-	/

fent Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft to encourage the trade into 39 Ge0.-3.* the Levant Seas, by providing a more convenient mode of performing c* 99-	\	•

quarantine; and for reducing the duty, granted by an aft of the lajt fejfton, on goods the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any place within the Streights of Gibraltar; and every other adf or adts heretofore palled, in fo far as the fame do or may be deemed or conftrued to relate to the performance of quarantine, and to be contrary to the provifions of this adt, {hall be, and the fame are hereby repealed.

IX.	And zvhereas infeftious difeafes and difempers which may not be deemed the plague, have raged and may rage in foreign parts, the communication whereof may be highly dangerous to the health of his HisMajeftybf Majeffs fubjefts of t hi ^kingdom ; be it declared and enadted, That proclamation it fhail be lawful for his iVjajdly, by and with the advice of Iiis

privy council, by his royal proclamation, from time to time to difeafe to be declare any fuch infedtious difeafe or diftetfiper to be of the nature of the nature of the plague.	°f	plague.

X.	And be it further enadled, That, from and after the firft All vcflels, day 0£ October one thoufhnd eight hundred, all lliips and veffels

arriving, and all perfons, goods, and merchandizes whatfbever fnt0 any p]acc coming or imported into any port or place within Great Britain, in Great Bri-or the files of Guernfey, Jet fey, Alderney$ Sark, or -Man, from	GucTn-

any place from whence his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, by &hc 1^ anchwidi the advice of his or their privy council, (hall judge it from whence probable that the plague or other infedtious difeafe 6r diftemper his Majeity which his Majefty, with* the advice of his privy* council, {hall Gwll judge the from time to time, declare rot be of the nature of the plague, "'may b^lgh^iliaU 4	•	.	V	•*	Digitized	by	perform qua-

t 734 ^Anno rcgni quadragefimo GeofIgh III. c. 80, [t8oo.

,rantineasfhallj/e brought, (ball be liable and obliged to make their quarantine ' it	^	jn fuch place and places, for fuch time and in foch manner as

ordcrs^n y 8 frail ^rom ^me t0 r*me dire<fcd hy h*8 Majefty, h« heirs or council. jucceflbrs, by his or their order or orders in council, and notified i	q>y proclamation, or publilhed in the London Gazette, and that

'until fuch (hips, vefl’els, perfons, goods, and merchandizes (hall have refpe&ively performed and (hall be duly difcharged from fuch quarantine, no fuch perfon, goods, or merchandizes, or any of them, (hall come or be brought on (hore, or go or be

Kut on board any other (hip or veflel in any place within his lajefty’s dominions, unlefs in fuch manner, and in fuch cafes, and by fuch licence, as (hall be directed or permitted by fuch order or orders made by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, in council as aforefaid ; and that all fuch (hips and vcflels, and the , perfons or goods coming or imported in, or going or being put on board the fame, and all (hips, vcflels, boats, and perfons receiving any goods or perfons out of the fame, (hall be fubjeft to fuch orders, rules, and directions concerning quarantine, and the prevention of infe&ion, as (hall be made by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, by and with the advice of his privy council, and notified by his royal proclamation, or publifhed in the London Gazette.

Jtules for vef-7 XL And be it further ena&ed, That if the plague, or other *Cr°h ^oanVinfectious difeafe or diftemper as aforefaid, (hall appear on board ^lanue (hall { any or	within	the	Streights	of	Gibraltar, the matter,

appear withiri commander, or other perfon having charge thereof, (hall imme-the Streights diately proceed to fome one of the foreign lazarets, and there •of Gibraltar perform quarantine, until fuch time as the land lazaret, to be TiHThe hind ’ cre<^c(( as aforefaid, (hall, by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, lazaret ihall ; by and with the advice of his or their privy council, and by be fit for the order of the fame notified by proclamation, or publifhed in the performance London Gazette, have been declared to be fit for the due perform* of quarantine. ance Qf qUarantine therein; but if fuch plague, or other fuch in-fcdlious difeafe or diftemper as aforefaid, ftnll appear on board i any (hip or veflel without the Streights of Gibraltar, then the mafter, commander, or other perfon having the charge or com-j roand thereof, (hall (unlefs fuch land lazaret (hall have been fo ;* declared to be fit for the due performance of quarantine therein)

• immediately proceed to the harbour of Saint Helens Pool\ between the iflands of Saint Hdem Tean and North Withel, being two of the iflands commonly called 7he Iflands of Scilly, or to fuch other place as his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, (hall from time to time dired and appoint; where, being arrived, he lhall make known his cafe to fome officer of the cuftoms there, who lhall immediately acquaint the governor, deputy governor, or other principal ma-giftrate thereof, and alfo fome cuftom houfe officer of fome port of England near thereunto; and the faid cuftom houfe officer of s fuch near port in England (hall, with all poflible fpeed, fend in* felligence thereof to the commiffioners pf the cuftoras in the port of London; and the faid governor, deputy governor, or other

principal





I

f 1800.] Anno regnl quadragefimo Georgii Iff. c. So. 73$'

, ,J principal magiftrate, fhall in like manner, with all poflible fpee<0 ' .'[S; fend intelligence thereof to one of his Majefty’s principal fecre- \

/ ' taries of ftate, to the end that fuch meafures may be taken for '

^ the comfort and fupport of the crew and paffengers on board fuch *r fhip fo infected, and fuch precautions ufed to prevent the fpread-■'"'"'I ing of the infection, as the cafe {hall require; and the* faid ‘ fhip or vcffel fhall there remain until his Majctty’s pleafure be ; known ; nor fhall any of the crew or paffengers on board thereof 1 "* g° on (bore: but‘in cafe the faid matter, commander, or other ;*	.	,

: -perfon having charge of the faid (hip or veflei fo infettted, fhall : 2 not be able to make the faid ittands of Stilly or other place fo : VJ\ appointed by his Majetty as aforefaid, or fhall be forced by ftrefs •’:V of weather, or otherwife, to go up either of the channels, it fliall. not be lawful for him to enter with fuch fhip or vcffel into any ,iSr port, but he fhall remain in fome open road till he receives direc-	"

tions by fome order of the privy council, and he fhall ufe every " neceffary means in his power to prevent any of his fhip’s com-,^ pany or paffengers from going out of his fhip, and to avoid ail :	intercourfe with other fhips, veffds, or perfons; and fuch (hip’s

' company or paffengers fhall, until fuch matter, commander, or ' other perfon fhall have received fuch directions, Yemain in fuch ; fhip, and fhall avoid all intercourfe witlj other fhips, veffels, or j^^ers of * perfons; and the faid matter or any other perfon on board fuch	&cp.

fhip or veffel as aforefaid, who lhall be difobedient herein, fliall rfifobe’iicnt rd be adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall fuffer deafh as in cafes of herein, fliall r,-	felony, without benefit of clergy.	fufter death.

> Xll. And be further enabled, That	every commander, matter, Matters of

: ^	or other perfon having the charge of	any fhip	or vtffll liable to to^erform-	-

P	the performance of quarantine, fhall be and is	hereby required, anc^ 0fq,Ia.	1

. y fro.m and after the firft day of Oftober one thoufand eight hun- rantine, rreet-dred, at all times when fuch fhip or veffel fhall meet with any »ng other vef- j y other fhip or veffel at fea, or fhall be within four leagues of the fel5 at or < r coatt of Great Britain or Ireland, or the ifles of Guernfeyy	four^nTles of

Alderney, Sarkj or Man, to hoitt a fignal to denote that his fhip $he coaft of or veffel is liable to the performance of quarantine, which fignal GreatBriuin,

/ fliall be in the day time, if the faid fhip or veflei fhall have a clean ^e,an^»	.

" bill of health, a large yellow flag of fix breadths of bunting at hoiVa fi^-"

•> the main topmaft head ; and if fuch fhip or veffel fliall not have nnl,onpeualty

•	a clean bill of health, then a like yellow flag, with a circular ofaocl.

*	y mark or ball entirely black thereon, whofe diameter fliall be equal

* to two breadths of bunting, and in the night time the fignal . fhall, in both cafes, be a large fignal lantern, Tuch as is com-- monJy ufed on board liis Majefty’s fhips of war, with a light at the fame matt head, and fuch commander, matter, or other per-J fon fhall keep fuch fignals refpedtively, as the cafe fhall be, hoiffed . during fuch time as the fhip or veflei fhall continue within fight of fuch other fhip or veflei, or within four leagues of the faid coafts or iflands, and while fo in fight* or within fuch diflance, until fuch fhip or veffel fhall have arrived at the port or place where it is to perform quarantine, and until it fhall have been legally difeharged from the performance of quarantine, on failure Vol.XLII«	B BB	*DijSllSiy^O

I	'	,

7$6

Apno regni qyadragefimo Geo ugh III. c. 80. [1800. whereof fuch commander, matter, or other perfoa having charge of fuch (hip or veflel fo liable to the performance of quarantine, (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of two hundred pounds.

jPenaltyof 50I. XIII. And be it further ena&ed, That if any matter, com-^clSsnot^ man4cr> or ot^er perfon having the charge or command of any . liable to qua- or veflel, not liable to the performance of quarantine, (hall ? ran tine hoift- hoift fuch yellow flag, whereby other (hips may be put to the ing a yellow inconvenience of changing their courfe, fuch matter, commander,

';	or other perfon as afprefaid, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty

j	pounds.

jPilots con- XIV. And be it further cnadled, That in cafe any pilot (hall $ kf*n§ or condudl, orcaufe to be brought and conduced, any rantine^nto1" or ve^e^ liable to the performance of quarantine, into any place which is not, or which (hall not be fpecially appointed for the reception of (hips and veflels fo liable'to the performance of quarantine, unlefs compelled by ftrefs of weather, adverfe wind?) or accidents of the feas, fuch pilot (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit.and pay the fum of one hundred pounds.

XV. And, to the end that it may be the better known whether onj flip or vcjfd be actually life fled with the plague, or other infettm difeafe or dijlemper as aforefaid, or whether fuch j,lip or vejfel, or the . mariners or pajpngers coming, or the cargo imported in the fame) ore \Vheri any ^	^ atly or({er5 touching quarantine: be it further enafted, That

FnfeSed^irh wlien any country or place (hall be infetfed with the plague, or the plague, or other fuch infedtious difeafe or diftemper as afprefaid, or when when any or- any order or orders (hall be made by his Majefty in council confer lhall be cerning quarantine, and the prevention of infe&ion as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe, as often as any (hip or veflel (hall attempt to enter into any port or place in Great Britain, or of the ides of Guernfey} Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Alan, whether fuch port (hall

’ places not appointed, to forfeit 1001.

made by his Majefty con> cerning quarantine, the

; of every vef-. Fel, who, for \ refafal, fhall * forfeit 2001.

’	l)ave ^ecn aPP°*ntccl f°r *he performance of quarantine or not,

performed at	Pr^ncipa^ efficer of his Majefty *s cuttoms in fuch port or

| theplace, (hall place, or fuch perfon as (hall be authorifed to fee quarantine duly { demand cer- performed, (hall go off, or caufe fome other perfon to be by him \ queftions appointed for . that purpofc to go off, to fuch (hip or veflel, and o t ema er yucb 0ffccer or other perfon authorifed to fee quarantine performed as aforefaid, or the perfon fo by him appointed for that purpofe, (hall, at a convenient diflance from fuch (hip or veflel, demand of the commander, matter, or other perfon having charge of fuch (hip or veffei, and fuch commander, matter, or other perfon having charge of fuch (hip or veflel (hall, upon fuch demand, give a true anlwer in writing or otberwife, and upon oath or not upon oath, according as he (hall by fuch officer or other perfon be required, to all fuch queftions and interrogatories as (hall be pur to him, by virtue and inpurfuance of fuch regulations and directions as his Majefty, by order in council, (hall be pleafed to preferibe; and in cafe fuch commander, matter, or other perfon having charge of fuch (hip or veflel (hall, upon fuch demand made as aforefaid, refufe to make a true difcovery in any of the particulars concerning which he (hall bp interrogated

18:

F«

perl

Dial

ID

lire

(Ml

vb.

ar,(!

flip

cth’

fter

kqi

eith

kin

veil

ink

(on

«v.i

fitn

h

£«

J

tfia* (hi \vi of to i 2nd tty

h

fa

s

n<-

*

'-ill:

f3vh

»» Mt : 55 b:

i V

‘3 Cl

•G

t;3fi



 -

TS3

;,1

:*r*

rJ*’

i:'

5

*■

*

1800.] Anno regni quadragcfimo Georgii III. c.	So.737

gated in manner aforefaid, fuch commander, matter, or other perfon having charge of fuch (hip or veflci, for every fuch offence fhall forfeit and pav the fum of two hundred pounds.

XVI.	An.* he ir.further enacfted, That in cafe it (hall appear If** fhall ap- f

Upon fuch examination or othervvife, that fuch (hip or velfel is Mlll'i^ 1 tinder fuch circumftances as (hall render it iiable to perform j; ^]- to perl j quarantine, and that the port where ic lo arrives is not the port farm quir.m- * where it eunht fo to perform quarantine, in fuch cafe it (hall tine, the ofti-and may be lawful to and tor the officers of any of his Majetty’s	•

fhips of war, or any of his Majerty’s forts or garrrifons, and all ^'cp nialTcom-other his Majefty’s officers whom it may concern, upon notice pel it to go to / thereof given to them, or any of them refpectivelv, and to and t{,e appointed * for any other perfon or perfons whom they fhall call to their aid p^ace*

.and^afliftance; and fuch officers and other perfons are hereby required to oblige fuch (hip or vefTel to go and repair to fuch place as hath been or (hall be appointed for performance of quarantine, and to ufe all neceflary means for that purpofe, Matters of \ either by firing of guns upon fuch (hip or vefTel, or by any other yeflels com- j kind of neceflary force whatfoever* and in cafe any fuch fhip or ^fce^vUited ; veflci fhall come from any place vifited with the plague, or other wfttfthe UC * itifeflious difeafe or diftemper as aforefaid, or (hall have any per- plague, or fon on board a&ually infected, and the commander, matter, or haying *nY »n-Other perfon having charge of fuch (hip or veflci ihall conceal the ^n^boar^^and fame, fuch commander, matter, or other perfon having charge of conceaIingthei fucli (hip or veflci, (hall he adjudged guilty of felony, and fhall ftme, (hall 1 fufter death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.	lutfer death, j

XVII.	And be it further enabled, That every matter, ccm- Matters of

mander, or other perfon having charge of any (hip or veflel which vefTdsordered (hall be ordered to perform quarantine as aforefaid, (hall forth-t0 perform with, after his arrival at the place appointed for the performance ^ifdriiverto of his quarantine, deliver on demand to the chief officer appointed the chief ofti-to fee quarantine duty performed there, or perfon adbng for him,ccr appuiuted and which officer or perfon is hereby required to make fuch de- !° Ptr; mand, fuch bill of health ar.d manifeft as he (hall have received bTll^lKakh1* from any Britijh conful during his voyage, together with his log &c. on penalty book and journal, under pain of forfeiting the fum of five hundred of 500I.	^

pounds if he (hall wilfully refufe and neglect lo to do.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That every matter, com- Matters of 1

mander, or other peifun having the charge or command of any to quarantine / (hip or veflel liable to perform quarantine, (hall deliver to the to deliver to * confu) or other perfon acting as fuch, and where there is none the conful at ; fuch refiding there, then to two known Britijh merchants at the tnc port where: port at which he ihall take on board any articles, a lift, ichedule, ^^rd	:

or manifeft, retaining one or more true copies thereof in his own articles, a pofleflion, of all fuch artic les of every description, whether brought manifeft:, who * as baggage, prefents, or ot’nerwife, and of all packets, parcels, or tranfmit \ lettets, which lift, fchedule, or manifeft, (hall by him be verified^^0^5of* • on oath,,and fubferibed before the Britijh conful, or other per- the cuftoms, : fon or merchants as aforefaid, who (hall atteft the fame by iub- and the maf- | feribing his or their name or names thereto $ and fuch Britijh	ar*	\

cbnful, or other perfon or merchants as aforefaid, (hall tranfmit” *th \

B B B 2	.	Digitized	by ’ the before the ;

73s

officers of the cuftoms at the port, that he has not received on board any articles but what are contained in the manifeft.

Penalty on matters not producing all fuch articles.

Penalty on per (ons landing, or receiving any articles from on board fuch vcffels.

Matters quitting, or fuffer-ing perfons to quit veffeis, or not in due time carrying them into the places appointed for quarantine, to forfeit jool.

Perfons quit* ting fuch vef* feis mav be compelled to return on board, and fhaJI be liable to imprifoa-snent, tad penalty of tool.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 80. [1800.

the faid lift, fchedule, or manifeft fo figned» by him or them, as the cafe may be, to the commiflioners of the cuftoms in the port of London,, for their information ; and the faid matter,commander, or other perfon as aforefaid, on his arrival in this kingdom, (hall declare upon oath before the collector or principal officer of the cuftoms at the port where he fhall arrive, or at the port neared thereto, that he has not received any goods, packages, or articles whatever on board, either as baggage, prefents, or otherwise, nor any letter or packets, or parcels of letters, but fuch as are fpc-cified in fuch lifts, fchedules, or manifefts; and in cafe the matter, commander, or other perfon as aforefaid, (hall not, on delnand by fuch colle&or or principal officer of the cuftoms, produce all or any of the articles fo fpecified in fuch lifts, fchedules, or ma-nifefts as aforefaid, or make it appear that the fame have been unavoidably loft, deftroyed, or confumcd, fuch matter, commander, or other perfon, (hall forfeit and pay, for every fych default, a fum not exceeding the fum of five hundred pounds, nor lefs than the fum of one hundred pounds; ahd if any perfon (hall land or unfhip, or (hall move, in order to tj)e landing or unfhipping thereof, any goods, wares, or merchandize, or any fmall articles brought as baggage, prefents, or other wife, or any letters or packets, or parcels of letters whatever from on board fuch (hip or veflel, or (hall receive the fame after they have been fo landed or undipped, he (hall forfeit and pay a fum not exceeding the fum of five hundred pounds, nor lefs than the fum of one hundred pounds.

XIX. And be it further enabled. That if any commander, matter, or other perfon having charge of any (hip or veflel liable to perform quarantine, and having notice that fuch (hip or veflel is fo liable, (hall himfelf quit, or (hall knowingly permit orfufFerany feaman or paflenger coming in fuch (hip or veffel to quit fuch (hip or veflel, by going on (hore, or by going on board any other (hip, boat, or veflel, before fuch quarantine fhall be fully performed,, unlefs in fuch cafes, and by fuch proper licence as (hall be directed "and granted by and by virtue of fuch order or orders made or to be made concerning quarantine, and the prevention of infection as aforefaid; or in cafe any commander, matter*, or other perfon having charge of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall not, within a convenient time after due notice given for that purpofe, caufe fuch (hip or veflel, and the lading thereof, to be conveyed into the place or places appointed for fuch (hip, veflel, and lading, to perform their quarantine refpeflively; then and in every fuch cafe every fuch matter, commander, or other perfon as aforefaid, for every fuch offence (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds; and if any perfon (hall fo quit fuch (hip or veflel by going on (bore, or by going on board any other (hip or veflel contrary to the true meaning of this a<ft, it (ball and may be lawful for all perfons whatfoever, by any kind ofne-ceflary force, to compel fuch perfon to return on board fuch (hip or veflel; and every fuch perfon fo quitting fuch (hip or veflel (hall, for every fuch offence, fuffer imprifoment for the fpace of fix

months,

QIC

1C1

*hi

arr.

ri

no

be

OfO

cor

k

Lie

h

h

Kit

at,

be

er,

in

f

fir,

H

to

V

as

an

2f(

cl

to

to

k

<jo

cl]

3?

I ^

J <tu

J ^

1* > r»

■>

 UooQle



v'£

■ lit

:r.ii

. .. . n .c >-

•c >•

:*!£•*

iifr

'**

\\rf>

A

rt*

s*

•*?!?

'"-5

*r’

ii»:'

£

1800.J Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 80	739

months, and (hall alfo forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred . pounds.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That when any (hip or veflel When a veflel

which has performed quarantine in any foreign lazaret, fhall arrives with a arrive in any of the ports of Great Britain, or the ides of Guern- flea,n.biILof fey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, with a clean bill .of health, rrfAte/fhall no goods or merchandize liable to retain the infection of the give notice plague, or other infectious difeafe or diftemper as aforefaid, (hall thereof, and be permitted to be landed or unihipped, unloaded or moved, in<>fthccon-order to be landed out of fuch ihip or veflel, but the mailer,	and

commander, or other perfon having the charge or command of of the port in fudi (hip or veflel (hall immediately upon his arrival, give notice which he has thereof, and of the contents of his lifts, fchedules, or manifefts performed

as aforefaid, and of the foreign port in which fuch (hip or veflel to thToffiw hath performed quarantine, to the principal officer of his Ma- ofthecuf-jefty’s cuftoms at the port where he (hall arrive, or at the port toms,that the nearelt thereto, in order that the fame may be forthwith laid fa®V*lay ** * before his Majefty’s privy council; and if the mafter, command- p^ycoun^! er, or other perfon as aforefaid, or any perfon whatfoever, fhall pen^jtv 0f land, or (hall unfhip, unload, or move, in order to land any goods aool. for or merchandize out of the faid (hip or veflel, before an order of landing goods his Majefty’s privy council (hall be made, giving directions therein, before an or-or otherwife than (hall be directed in the faid order, every fuch (^ad^or0* perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of contrary two hundred pounds.	thereto.

XXI.	And whereas difobedlence or refractory behaviour in perfons under quarantine, may be attended with very great danger to his Majejly's fubjeth; be it further enabled, That all perfons liable Perfons liable to perform quarantine, whether in (hips or in a lazaret, or elfe- to quarantine where, (hall be fubjeCt, during the faid quarantine, to fuch orders J^^^ders df° as they fhall receive from the proper officers authorifed to dircCt officers and fuperintend the due performance thereof; and the faid officers authorifed to are hereby empowed and required to enforce all neceflfary obedi- direct the per-ence to the faid orders; and in cafe of neceffity to call in others ^nna”c^Q to their afiiftance \ and all perfons fo called in are hereby required Jn^cnforce to aflift accordingly j and fuch offices (hall, and they are hereby obedience empowered and required to compel all perfons obliged to perform thereto, and quarantine as aforefaid, to repair and to caule all goods and mer- ^ chandizes comprized within any fuch orders made or to be made

as aforefard, to be conveyed to the faid lazaret or other‘place duly appointed in that behalf, in fuch manner, and according to fuch fhaU neglect* diredionsas (hall be made by order of his Majefty in council as to duly repair aforefaid; and if any perfon obliged to perform quarantine as to the place aforefaid fhall wilfully refufe,or^rvegl€$l to repair within convent- appointed for enttime, after due noticofo^ that purpofe given to him or her efS^heOtall by the proper officer to the faid lazaret, dr other place duly he axnpelkd appointed for him or her, or having been placed in the faid laza- to return, and ret or other place (hall efcape, or attempt to efcape out of the tyV\ fame before quarantine duly performed, it (hall and may be law- J£tu™Sor° ful to and for the watchmen and other perfons appointed to fee cfcaping, Quarantine performed, and they are hereby required, by fuch ihah fuffer

8 8 8 3	Digitize^^*^*

740

Anno vegni quadragefimo Geohgii III. c. 80. [1800,

neceflary force as the cafe (hall require, to compel every fuch perfon fo refufing or negletfing as aforefaid, and every fuch per-fon fo efcaping or attempting to efcape as aforefaid, to repair or return into fuch lazaret or other place fo appointed for him or her as aforefaid $ and every perfon fo refufmg or negle&ing to repair, within convenient time after fuch	notice as afore-

laid, into the faid lazaret or other place, and	alfo every perfon

»	actually efcaping as aforefaid, (hull he adjudged guilty of felony,

!	^nd fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

^Cfficersof the XXII. And be it further enacted. That if any officer of cuftoms, &c. his Majefty’s cuftoms, or any other officer or perfon whatsoever nT led of1 °r t0 w^om ^ doth or aPPerta,n to execute any order or orders dutyliiall made or to be made concerning quarantine, or the prevention forfeit their of infe&ion, and notified as aforefaid, or to fee the fame put in office, and	execution, lhall be guilty of any wilful breach	or negleft of .duty

the51’ ffiaU^de	*n ^at behalf, every fuch officer and perfon	fo offending fhau

fertfromtheir ^or^e*t fuch office or employment as he may be poffeffed of,and duty when lhall become from thenceforth incapable to hold or enjoy the employed, or fame, or to take a new grant thereof, and every fuch officer and permit any perfon fhall forfeit and pay the fum of ore hundred pounds; and vefld'&c. fo ^ any fuc^ °®ccr °r perfon (hall defert from his duty when em-depart out of ployed as aforefaid, or fhall knowingly and willingly permit any perfon, fhip, veffel, goods, or merchandize, to depart or be conveyed out of the faid lazaret, fhip, or other place as aforefaid, unlefs by permiffion under an order of his JVLjeily, by and with the advice of his privy council, or if any perfon hereby autbo-tificates, they rifed and dire£ted to give a certificate of a fhip having duly Perf°rmed quarantine or airing, fhall knowingly give a falfe certificate thereof, every fuch officer and perfon fo oflFL*nding fhall be \	deemed guilty of felony, and fuffer death as in cafes of felony

vdlflilly dla- without benefit of clergy and if any fuch officer or perfon (halt maging goadfi knowing! yand wilfully damage any goods performing quarantine performing , under his diredion, he fhall be liable to pay treble damages and

I

the lazaret, &c. or if the pjrfons authorized fhall give falfe ccr-

U ■

^quaran^ne. itf any foundl I perfon (hall - j enter a laza-/ ret, he fhall perform quarantine ; and if he efcape, (hall fuffer death.

full cofts of fuit to the owner of the dame.

XXIII. And be it further enadted, That if any perfon not infected with the plague, or other infectious difeafe ordiftemper as aforefaid, nor liable to perform quarantine, fhall enter the (aid lazaret or other place fo appointed as aforefaid, whilft any perfon or perfons infe#ed with the plague, or being under quarantine, (hall be therein, and fhall return or attempt to return from thence, pnlcfs in fuch cafes and by fuch licence as lhall be diredjed and granted by virtue of fuch order or orders of his Majefty in council as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the watchmen or other perfons appointed to guard or fecure the faid lazaret or other place fo appointed as aforefaid, by fuch neccfliry force as the cafe fhall require, to compel fuch perfon fo returning or attemping ta return, to repair into the faid lazaret or other place fo appointed as aforefaid, there to continue and perform quarantine; and in cafe fuch perfon fhall aduaJIv efcape out of the faid lazaret or other place where he or (he fhall he fo placed for performance of quarantine, before be or (he flull have fully

performed





1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 80.	741

■	performed the fame, he or (he fhall be adjudged guilty of felony,

•'‘ •":	and fhallTuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of

' clergy.

v.f. : , XXIV. And whereas certain forts of goods and merchandises are : S	more efpecially liable to retain infeftion, and may be brought from

■	places vfctled into other countries, and from thence imported into his

. s’	Majejlys dominions in fhips not obliged to perform quarentire^ be it

ena&ed, That all fuch goods and merchandizes as fhall be par- Goods, when \ r	ticularJy fpecified for that purpofe in any order or orders of his fpecified in	[.

r \t	Majefty in council, made or to be made concerning quarantine, jjounci?as***	!

rj and the prevention of infection as afore fa id, which fhall be im- liable to re-;ported into any of his Majefty’s dominions from any foreign tain infeaion, 1 '■ country or place in any fhip or veffel whatfoever, fhall be fubje& fhall he liable ....	and liable to fuch regulations and reftri&ions as fhall be made by t0 ^uarailtmc*

.rf,	order of his Majefty in council refpe&ing the fame, for per-

^	forming quarantine and the prevention of infection as aforefaid.

V; XXV. And be it further enaded, That after quarantine fhall After proof of j -	jiave been duly perfprmed by any fhip or veffel, perfon or perfons thc Peff°rn^ ;

r ^	obliged to perform quarantine as aforefaid, according to this a£f, rantine^and

f $	and <o fuch order or orders made as aforefaid, and upon proof to on certificate

", .	be made by the oaths of the mafter or other perfon having charge to that effett,

" t1 of fuch fhip or veffel, and of two of the perfons belonging thereto, ve^® .

:o:	or upon proof to be m^de by the oaths of two or more

f‘s credible witneffes before t he collector, or principal officer of the ther reftraint, cuftoms at the port where fuch quarantine fhall be performed,

( or at the port neateft thereunto, or before any juftice of the peace living near to the port or place, or when fuch quarantine ■'* f fhall have been performed, within any of the faid ifles of Guernfey,	'

‘ . r ,Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, before any. two jurats or magi* ftrates of any of the faid ifles refpe&ively, that fuch (hip or veflel,

' ^ and all and every fuch perfon and perfons refpedtively, have duly :::’K performed quarantine as aforefaid, and that the fhip or veffel,	,

: ^ and all and every perfon and perfons, are free from infection, and	'

after producing a certificate to that purpofe, figned by the chief officer who fuperintended the quarantine of the faid ihip, or , perfon acSing for him, then and in the faid refpe<Sfive cafes fuch - coiledtor, or principal officer of the cuftoms, or fuch juftice of l > the peace, or fuch jurats or magiftrates as aforefaid refpe&ively, are hereby required to give a certificate thereof; and thereupon fuch fhip or veffel, and all and every fuch perfon and perfons fo t-f	having performed quarantine, fhall be liable to no further re-

ftraint or.detention upon the fame account for which fuch fhip v - or veffel, perfon or perfons, (hall have performed quarantine as sf aforefaid.

if XXVI. And be it further enafted, That all goods, wares, and Goods to bei merchandizes liable to quarantineas aforefaid, fhall be opened and °J^d \ f aired in fuch place or places, and for fuch time and in fuch man- Certificate of^ ner as fhall be directed by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, proof of ; f t by fuch order or orders to be made as aforefaid; and after fuch compliance, ^ orders fhall have been duly complied with, a certificate thereof	:

f (hall be given by the chief officer appointed to fuperintend the ^m^§traint#f

f	b	b	b	4	D	j

?i

74* Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 80. [1800. \

quarantine, and airing of fuch goods, wares, and merchandizes, or by the perfon adting for him, and proof thereof (hall be made by the oaths of two or more credible witnefles before the collector or other principal officer of the cuftoms at the port lying next .	to fuch place or places where fuch goods, wares, or merchan-

dizes Oral 1 have been opened and aired as aforejaid, or before any juftices of the peace living near the fame, or before any two jurats or magiftrates of the faid ifles of Gucrnfey,Jerfey, Aldcrncj, \ Sark, or Man refpedlively, which cclle&or or other principal offi- ' cer, or fuch juftice,or two jurats or magiftrates refpe£fively,astbe j

■	cafe rnay be, (hall alfo make certificate of fuch proof having been | made ; and upon the produ<51ion of fuch certificates to his Majeft/s ’

i	commiffioners of the cuftoms in England or Scotland lelpe&ively, 1

■	or to the governor or lieutenant governor, commander in chief, or chief magiilrate of any of the faid laft-mcntioned iflands, as , the cafe may be, fuch goods, wares, and merchandize fhall be forthwith difeharged from any reftraint or detention upon the ! fame account, by order of the faid commiffioners, or any three 1 or more of them, or of the faid governor, lieutenant governor, .commander in chief, or chief magiftrate refpedlively.

Xf^rfons forg. / XXVII, And be it further enaded, That if any perfon (hall !

knowingly anc* wilfully forge or counterfeit, or procure to be 1 death.4 U'* C forged or counterfeited, any certificate direded and required to j (be granted by this ad, or mall publifh as true any fuch forged ,	| or counterfeited certificate, knowing the fame to be forged or

j counterfeited, he (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall \ fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy, or1" XXVIII. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or

i Convey in g*any Per^ons (ball knowingly or wilfully conceal from the officers of I articles from quarantine, or (hall clandcftinely convey any letters, goods, wares, any vefl-1 or merchandizes in or from any (hip under quarantine, or liable under qua- t0 perform quarantine, or from the faid lazaret, or other place fromThe^ where goods (hall be performing quarantine, every fuch perfon lazarets, Pull fo offending fhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall (offer fuffer deqth. death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

During the XXIX. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe it (hall at any plague m fime happen that any part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the ifles vejJdTunder	Guernfcy9	Jerfey,	Alderney,	Sark, or Man, or France, Sfetn,

*0 tons may Portugal, or the low countries, fhall be infe&ed with the plague, be prohibited or any other infe&ious difeaf'c or diftemper as aforefaid, it (lull from failing ancl may iavvful to and for his Majefty, his heirs and fuccefa, begive^lrith by his their proclamation, to prohibit and reftrain ail (null certain con- boats and veffels, under the burthen of twenty tons, from failing I dftions, or pafling out of any port or place of Great Britain, or the ifles of , Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, or any of them, until j (ecurity be nrft given by the mafter of every fuch boat or veffel 1 refpedUvely, to the fatisfa&ion of the principal officer of the cuf-toms, or the chief maciftrate of the port or place from whence fuch boat or veflel (hall fail, by bond taken by fuch officer or magiftrate, to the King, his heirs or fucceflbrs, with fuffieient 1 furetjes in the penalty of three hundred pounds, with condition

tint



I:;.:.: ?■. r-;r:^:

< .:r?T " r:N.*r

".f, ft#

- • 'V: i

■ ■ ; &

;

ri>’

. ^

:: rvf'

f!.

rrfsr*

• rJ1' & ::J



■i-'

V

iK

i

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgit III, c. 8o#	745

that if fuch boat or veflel (hall not go to or touch at any counri y, port or place to be mentioned for that purpofe in fuch proclamation ; and if neither the mafter or ocher perfon having charge of fuch boat or veflel, nor any mariner or paflenger in fuch boat or veflel fhall, during the time aforefaid, go on board any other fhip or veflel at fea; and fuch mafter or other perfon having charge of fuch boat or veflel fhall not permit or fuffer any perfon or per-fons to come on board fuch boat or veflel at fea from any other (hip or veflel, and /hall not, during the time’aforefaid, receive any goods and merchandizes whatfoever out of any other (hip or vcf~ fel, then fuch bond /hall be void, for the making of which bond	/

mo fee or reward whatfoever (hall be taken; and in cafe any boat If any fuch \ or veflel, for which fuch fecurify (hall be required by fuch pro-	j

clamation, fhall fet fail or pafs out of any port or place of Great ^cUritybe ! Britain, or the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, and given it/hall ■ Many or any of them refpedively, before fuch fecurity be given be forfeited, ; as aforefaid, every fuch boat or veflel fo failing or palling out °f	*

any port or place, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ^	^

ad, together with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, /hall be mariner on * forfeited to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors; and the mafter board, of, and every mariner failing in any fuch boat or veflel fhall feve-rally forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds.	Publication in

XXX.	And be it further enaded, That the publication ill the the London < London Gazette of any order of council made in purfuance of this

ad, or his Majefty’s royal proclamation made in pnrfuancc of the counciU^be fame, fhall be deemed and taken to be fufficient notice to all fufficient no-perfons concerned, of all matters therein refpedively contained, tice.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled, That all forfeitures and Recovery and penalties aforefaid, that (hall be incurred by any offence com-^ppheation mitted againft any part of this ad/ fhall and may be recovered 0

by fuit in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at^fVeJlminfter^ in which no efloign, wager of law, or more than one imparlance ;

(hall be granted, or in Scotland by fummary adion in the court of fefflon, or by profecution before the court ofjufticiary there, or . by fuit in any of his Majefty’s courts in the iflands of Guernfey, r Jerfeyy Alderney, Sarky or Many by or by information before any two juftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, or place where the offence was committed, and may be levied of the offender’s goods and chattels, and if he fhall not have goods and chattels equal in value to the amount of fuch forfeiture or penalty, * then fuch offender fhall be committed to gaol till payment thereof, and every fuch forfeiture and penalty (hall belong and be given, one moiety to the perfon who fhall fue for the fame, and the other motery to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, to be applied towards defraying the expences of ereding ancj f maintaining the lazaret as aforefaid.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded, That in all cafes wherein Pertfonsau-by or by virtue and in purfuance of any of the provifions of this thorVed to ad, any examinations or anfwers (hall be direded to be taken or t^ons^ayad-made upon oath, the perfon who fhall by or by virtue of the fame minifter

be authorifed and required to take fuch examinations and anfwers, oaths.

(hall

 “

Ie

744 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 80. [1800.

'fhall and {hall be deemed to have full power and authority to

i

'Offences, no\ felonious, (againlt this Jact or any . order of council, may be tried before two f jultices, who may fine or imprilon the offender.

- procuring,	w	.	.

others to do. ; fiich examination, or if any perfon mail procure any other perfon * ft> to do, he or (he fhall be deemed to have been guilty of, and fljall be liable to be profecuted for wilful and corrupt perjury, ob fubordinationof wilful and corrupt perjury, as the cafe may be, ^nd fhall fuffer the penalties of the law in fuch cafes refpec-tively made and provided,

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted. That all offences committed againft any of the provifions of this aft (not being felony), and every offence or difobedience to any order of coiflTciljBade * for better carrying into execution this aft, for whith nofpecifick * penalty, forfeiture, or punifhment is provided by this aft, (ball and may be tried, heard, and determined before any twojufiices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, or place where fuch offence or difobedience fhall happen; and if any perfon (hall be convifted of any fuch offence or difobedience, he or (he (hall be liable to fuch forfeiture and penalty, not exceeding tbc fum of fifty pounds for any one offence, or to fuch imprifonment, not exceeding

'	three months for any one offence, as fhall in the diferetion of the j

two juftices who fhall fiave |ieard and determined the feme, be A/ppfcation judged proper/ and.fuch forfeiture and penalty fhall be paid,one of penalty* ' moiety to (the fperfon fuing for the fame, and the other to bis \	:	Majefty, to be applied as the moieties of other forfeitures and

enalties are herein-before direfted to be applied.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That no

_________ attainder of felony by virtue of this aft fhall be extended to work

tionof Npodi any corruption of blood, or forfeiture of any goods, chattels, &c.	j lands, tenements, or hereditaments.

/Offences com-* XXXV. And be it further enafted, That all offences com* i nutted upon knitted uppn the bigfi feas againft this aft, or againft anj order of council made for carrying this aft into execution, mail be deemed to be done within the body of the county ncareft to the place where fuch offence was committed, and fhall and may be profecuted within fuch county.

XXXVI. And h$ it further enafted, That if any aftion or ma^Hjlad the ^Ult ^e commehcec* againft any perfon or perfons for any generafufue. thing done in purfuance and execution of this prefent aft, or of any order of council made by virtue thereof, the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion or fuit may plead the general iffue,and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had theVeupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and in the execution of the faid aft; and if it fhall appear fo to have been done, then the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue bis aftion after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or ~ if judgement fhall have been given upon any verdift or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants fhall and may Treble cofta. recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as the

defendant

Nb attainder' of £}ony to worir^orrup-

( pe

f

i-jati

i the high » feas, may be ! profecuted ; within the neareft county. Defendants Way plead t general ifiue.

 LjOOQle

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 8r.	745

defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law $^and Limtation of that no fuel) a&ion or fuit fliall be brought againft any perfon for a^tl0n8*\ any matter or thing done in purfuance or execution of this aeff, ’ but within the fpace of two years after fuch matter or thing /ball . have been done.	,

XXXVII. And be it further enacted. That this fhall me nee and take effedl, except as rs hercin-before other wife pro-j* vided, on the firft day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred. I

CAP. LXXXI,

An aft Jo repeal an afty made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An a61 to prevent frauds in the buying and felling of hops, and for the bettir colie ftion of the duty on hops ; attd to prevent frauds and abufs in the trade of hops.—~[July 2of 1800.]

WHEREAS an at7, made in the fourteenth year ofthe reign of his Preamble.

prefent MajeJ?yy intituled\ An a<5l toprevent frauds in the buy- 14. Geo. 3. jngand felling of hops, has been found infufficient to anjwer the purpofes c*	re-

thereby intent edy and it is therefore expedient to repeal the faidafty and cited> in lieu thereof to make fuch provlfion as is herein-after directed; be it therefore enadted by the King’s mofl excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled,	/

and by the authority of the fame. That, from azid	after the	repealed,

palling of this a<3, the faid a6t fhall be, and the fame	is hereby

repealed.	\

II.	And be it further enabled. That, from and	after the Owners	/hall

palling of this a&, every owner, planter, or. grower	of hops,

before he, fhe, or they fhall begin to put any hops into any p|*tTn'any^ bag or pocket, fhall mark, or caufe to be marked on thp out-, hops, on pe-fide of each and every fuch bag or pocket, in large, plain, and tulty of 2ol* legible letters or characters, with durable ink or paint, his, her, or their name or names, and place of abode; and if any owner, planter, or grower of hops, fhall begin to put any hops into any bag or pocket with out having marked, or caufed to be marked in manner herein-before directed, the feveral matters and things hereiit-before required and preferibed, every fuch owner, planter, or grower, or other perfon or perfons fo offending, fliall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds,

III.	And be it further enabled. That no owner, planter, or Hops not to grower of hops fhall bag any hops in any bag, the weight of bagged hi which bag {hall be greater in proportion to the grofs weight pf er	*

fuch bag and the hops contained therein than ten pounds for than in the every one hundred and twelve pounds of the faid grofs weight proportion of of fuch bag and the hops contained therein; and if any owner, I0^f<^revhcry planter, or grower of hops (hall bag any hops in any bag, the ' **fs weigju of which bag fhall be greater in proportion to the grofs of bag ami weight of fuch bag and thje hops contained therein than ten bops, on pe-pounds for every one fulndred and twelve pounds of the grofs nalty of 20I. weight of fuch bag and the hops contained therein^then^Qflg^

746 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 81. [r8oo.

in every fuch cafe every owner, planter, or grower fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.	^

officer of ex- IV. And be it further enabled, That when and as foon as any °®ccr exc^e have weighed and taken account of any the grot's^ hops for the purpofe of afeertaining and charging the duty weight with thereon, fuch officer (hall, and he is hereby authorised and re-the year of quired to mark, or caufe to be marked, in large legible figures, th°WroVTf with durable ink or paint, on the outfide of each and every bag live munber or Poc^et> containing fuch hops, the true grofs weight of fuch according to bag or pocket of hops, together with the date of the year in the number which fuch hops were grown ; and alfo with the true progreffive 1 ot bags char g- number of fuch bag or pocket, according to the numbers of the ! owner^for the	or Poc^ets °f hops weighed and charged to each owner,	,

lea to n.	planter, or grower of hops, during the then current year or hop	-

fealon ; fuch number to be taken progreffively, beginning one, two, and fo onwards, according to the number of bags or pockets of hops weighed and charged to each owner, planter, or grower as aforefaid, jn* each fuch current year or hop feafon; Perfons couii. and jf any perfon or perfons {hall counterfeit or alter, or caufe, i ir^sa^re-6 Procurc» or fuffer t0 he counterfeited or altered, any or either of	]

f id lhall for- the matters or things herein-before directed to be marked, or	I

idt iool.j caufed to be marked and fo marked, or caufe to be marked by any and for de- fuch owner, planter, or grower of hops, or fo herein-beforedi-fh^l forfdt^81 re<^ec* t0 marked, artd f° marked by any fuch officer as afore-i0l#	faid, the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, for each and every

fuch offence, feverally forfeit and lofe the fum of one hundred pounds j and if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully deface or obliterate any or either of the matters or things herein-before directed to be marked, or caufed to be marked, and fo marked, by any fuch owner, planter, or grower of hops, or herein-before directed to be marked, and fo marked by any fuch officer as aforefaid, or {hall caufe or procure any fuch matter or thing to be defaced or obliterated, or (hall connive at any fuch matter of thing being fo defaced or obliterated, the perfon or perfons io offending {hall, for each and every fuch offence, feverally forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds.

V. And whereas it is expedient that no planter or owner of hty! ti grow in Great Britain Jhould remove or convey away any hpi fm his, her, or their oufts^ JlorehoufeSy or. other places where fuck btfi Jhall have been weighed by any inferior officer of excife until juib tim Hops not to as is herein-after preferibedy be it therefore enabled, That no be removed owner, planter, or grower of hops, growing or to grow in Grtst trom theplace Britain^ {hall remove or convey away, or caure or fuffer to be \ betbre^he'ex* remove<^or conveyed away, any hops from the ouft, ftorehoufe,or prration of n other place where the fame lhall have been weighed, for the houra, unlefs purpofe of charging the duty before the expiration of twelve the iarae (hall hours next after fuch hops {hall have been fo weighed, uniefs the welghe^f byC" ^ame	fooner have been weighed or re-weighed by the fuper- 1

the fupervu vifor of excife, to the end that fuch fupervifor may have an op- • fur) on penal- portunity to re-weigh the fame $ and if upon the rc-wcighing of tyofsoh	,	any

.



i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgn III. c. 8x.	747

any fuch hops, any additional weight (hall be found, fuch hops lhall be liable to and chargeable with the duty of excife impofed for or in refpcfl of fuch hops, according to fuch laft mentioned weight; and if any fuch owner, planter, or grower, (hall remove or convey away, or caufe or fuffer to be removed or conveyed away, any fuch hops, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adf, the owner, planter, or grower of fuch hops fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That no planter or owner of Owner oF hops to grow \n Great Britain (hall at any time be obliged to

give more than twenty-four hours notice of his or her intention notice of his to weigh hops : provided always. That tre particular time to be intention to fpecified in any ftich notice for the weighing of hops, (hall be weigh them, between the hours of four in the morning and five in the even-Time of ing; any thing in this or any other acV of parliament to the weighing he-

contrary in anywife notwithffanding.	wkH ^

....	*111	m tne mnrn-

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no jng ?nd five

officer of excife, inferior to the rank or degree of a fupervifor of in the even-excife, (hall be at liberty to weigh, or (hall be permitted to weigh, ,nK-any hops at any ouft, ftorehoufe, or other place of any owner,	*	ft"

planter, or grower of hops, between the hours of five in	jje

evening and four in the morning; and if any fuch owner, planter, furred to or grower (hall permit or fuffer any fuch inferior officer to weigh weigh hops any fuch hops between the hours aforefaid, contrary to the di- between hve regions of this adt, every fuch owner, planter, or grower fo offending (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe *m the mom-the fum of twenty pounds.	ing, on pe-

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That all and every owner, IU,tV ot 2o1* planter, and grower of hops growing or to grow in Great Britain ^

lhall, and he, (he, and they refpe&ively is and are hereby re- k^Pps j^Sca quired to keep fufficient and juft feales and weights at his, her, and weights or their oufts, ftorehoufes, or other places, where fuch hops at the place of lhall have been fo weighed, and alfo to permit and fuffer any	fn^

fupervifor of excife to ufe the fame for the purpofe of re-wcighing fuch hops; and if any fuch owner, planter, or grower (hail neg- uie them, on left to keep fuch feales and weights, or either of them, or (hall penalty of not permit or fuffer any fupervifor of excife to ufe the fame for^h the purpofe aforefaid, he, (he, or they (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds ; and if any fuch ^ owner, planter, or grower (hall, for the re-weighing of any fuch u4igj,tg> hops, provide or make ufe of, or caufe or procure, or fuffer to (hall lx.* ufed, be provided or made ufe of, any falfe, unjuft, or inefficient they (hall be feales or weights, or (hall pradtife any a<51, device, or contrivance	ami

by which any fuch fupervifor of excife may be hindered or pre- fl,aii°forfeit vented from taking the juft and true weight of any fuch hops, 100I. then and in every fuch cafe fuch owner, planter, or grower (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, together with all fuch falfe, unjuft, or inefficient feales and weights refpe&iv$ly, and the fame (hall and roav be feized by any fupervifor or officer of excife.

IX^AndLip

 VjUUVLC

748

Owner s,wheti required by fupervifor, fhall put hops into the fcale to be re-weighed, and aiiilt him therein, on penalty of $ol.

Perfons obtruding officers in the execution of their duty, (half forfeit tool.

Penalties and forfeitures, how to be levied and applied*

Preamble* *7 Geo. 3. c. 13.

So much of recited ad, and of fuble-quenta&s, aa

Anno regni qtiadragefimo GeoIgii JIT. c. 82. [1800. *

IX.	And be it further enafted, That all and every owner, planter, and grower of hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, fhall, when and fo often as he, fhe, or they fhall be thereunto required by any fupervifor of excife, bring, or caufc to be brought to, and be put into and taken out of, the fcale, all hops belonging to fuch owner, planter, dr grower, and which fuch fupervifor (hall be defirous to re-weigh, and (hall alfo, on the requeft of fuch fupervifor, by themfelves refpeftively, and with a fufficient number of their fervants, aid and affift, to the utmofl of their power, fuch fupervifor of excife in re-weighing all fuch hops of fuch owner, planter, or grower, on pain of forfeiting, for every negleft or refufal thereof, the fum of fifty pounds.

X.	And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall aifault, oppofe, moleft, obftruft, or hinder, any officer or officers of excife in the due execution of this a61, or of any of the powers or authorities given by this aft, all and every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending (hail, for every fuch offence, feverally forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

XI.	And be it further enafted. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures impofed by this aft, fhall be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by fuch ways, means, or methods, ai any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by anv law or laws of excife, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at If'ejhninjhr, or in the court of exchequer in Scotlandre-fpeftivelv, and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, thall be to his Majcfty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or than who (hall inform, difeover, or fue for the fi^ne.

CAP. LXXXIT.

An aft for fufpendwr, until the twentieth day of Auguft one thoufoni eight hundred\ the duties on foreign hops imported, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof—[July 28, 1800.]

Wr HERE AS "7>y an act, made in the twenty feventh year of tit reign of kis prefent Male fly, for repealing the frveral duties of cujhms and excife, and granting other ditties in lieu thereof and for other furprfes, a duty of nifems of five pounds eighteen /billings and ten-pence is wipe fed tipo / every hundred weight cfhfps imported into Great Britain, and by fevered fubfequent a ft s~ certain ether duties hove been impofed in addition thereto : and whereas it is expedient ibatfi much of the fdd atIs as iwpofes the duties on hops imported Jbould be fufpendedfor a limited time, a ad that other duties /houid be impofed in lieu thereof during fuch fujbcnfton: be it therefore enafted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice andconfent of the lords fpiritual-and temporal^ andeemmons, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd,and by the authority of the fame,That, from and after the paffirg of this pft,«fo much of the faid afts as impofes the faid duties- upon the importation of hops (hall be, and the

fame

i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 85.'	749

fame are hereby fufpended unto and until the twentieth day of impofcs duties Auguft one thoufand eight hundred.	on the impor-

II. And be it further enadted, That,^intil the faid twentieth fhaUbe fut?* day of Augujl one thoufand eight hundred, inftead and in lieu of pended till the faid duties'hereby fufpended, there (hall be raifed, levied, Aug.28,1S00*, colle&ed, and paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his and inftead of heirs and fucccfl'ors, a duty of cufloms upon every pound weight the duties fo avoirdupois of hops imported into Great Britain, the fura of one penny and twelve twentieth parts of a farthing, and fo in pro- pai(j a cuft0m portion for any greater or lefs quantity; and that fo much of the duty on every faid duties hereby fufpended, as became due and payable between |b- of hops the tirft day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ninety- ^J^-iotha nine and the time of the pa fling of this act, (hall not be paid or paya- 0f a farthing, ble, but inftead and in lieu thereof, the duty by this a<ft granted (hall which duty be paid, and upon the payment thereof, any bonds that (hall ^hfdfo be have been entered into for payment of the duties hereby fufpended thofe'payable (hall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be null and void, between Nov. and (hall be cancelled accordingly.	1,1799, and

III. And be it further enadted. That the duty by this a& the palling of granted (hall be raifed, levied, collected, paid, recovered, andthltta<a* applied in like manner and under fuch and the fame rules, regu- J^d^nd laiions, and reftfidtions, penalties and forfeitures, as the duties p^d as di-on the importation of hops are now raifed, levied, colledted, re&ed by repaid, recovered, and applied by virtue and in purfuance of the cited ad.

(aid adt, pafled in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty.

CAP. LXXXI1I.

An aft for permitting French wines to be imported intact his kingdom from tfye ijles of Guernfey, Jerfey, or Alderney, in bottles or fiajks.—[June 28, 1800.]

WHEREAS by an aft, made in ike twenty-feventb year of the Preamble.

reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An adl for repealing 27 Geo. 3. the feveral duties of cuftoms and excife, and granting other ^ I3-duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the faid duties, together with the other duties competing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom ; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the redu&ion of the national debt, amongjl other things, provifwt is made refpefting the importation of French tvine into Great Britain from the ijlands ^Guernfey, Jerfey, or Alderney, for a limited time, (which has expired), on payment of certain duties therein enumerated : and whereas it is expedient that fuch wine jhould be permitted to be fo imported j be it therefore enabled by the King’s meft excellent majefty, by qjid with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-mpns, ity this prefent parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority





Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 84. [1800.

of the fame, That, from and after the tenth day of May one thoufand eight hundred, it (hall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain from the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfcy, or Alderney, any French wines in bottles or flafks, as well for fale as for private ufe, on payment of the feveral and rcfpeftive duties as the fame are refpeftively inferred, defcribed, and fet forth in the table ar.d fchedule annexed to the faid recited aft, jnarked C. and F., and all other duties, as well cuftoms or excife, as are now due and payable on the importation of fuch wines by any other aft or 2cts of parliament j provided that fuch wines (hall be imported in Britifh-built (hips or vefTels, owned, navigated, and regiftered according to law, and in fuch manner, and under the like rules, regulations, conditions, and reftriftions, and (hall be fubjeft and liable to fuch and the like penalties and forfeitures,as are provided and enafted in the faid recited aft.

II.	\And be further enafted, That if anyfrench wines in bottles ,or flafks dull have been fo imported into Great Britain, from Guernfey, ferfey, or Alderney, fince the expiration of the time limited in the faid recited aft as aforefaid, the fame (hall be fub-jeft and liable to the payment of, and fhall be charged with the feveral and refpeftive duties, as the fame are refpeftively inferted, defcribed, and fet forth in the faid table and fchedule annexed to the faid recited aft, marked C. and F., any law to the contrary thereof notwithfbnding.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An oft to render valid indentures of apprentieejbip of poor childrtn and others, made upon improper /lamps* upon certain conditmy and to indemnify all perfons who may have incurred pmltui thereby; and for allowing attejled copies of indentures, leafesy or deeds, to be Jlainped after the ingroffing* writings or printing that* of.—[July 28, 1800.]

WHEREAS divers indentures of apprentice/hip, made for tk binding poor children and others* have through mifidkt end inadvertency* and without any intention to defraud the revenue, foot made out and executed upon Jlamps of a different denomination and value than is required by the feveral ofis relating to the /lamp duti/t charged and payable upon indentures of apprentice/hip* and by rtajft thereof great inconvenience has arifen ana may arife to the majhrs end miflreffes of Juch apprentices* and to fuch apprentices* by mfon thal fuel) indentures are not valid or binding upon arty of the parties tberttr. and whereas it is expedient that the fame Jhould be ye bit fed: for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enafied; and be it enafted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and remporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the Indentures of authority of the fame. That upon payment, on or before the ffmTmpro-	^ 7anuarJ one thoufand eight hundred and one, of the

pe<?y (tamped, full rate or duty payable in refpeft of any fuch indenture, or on

the

75°

From May io»

i860. French wines in bottles or hulks may be im-poited in Bri-tiili (hips from Guernfey,Jcr-fey, or Alderney, on payment of the duties fet forth in the table of the recited aft marked C. and F. and all other duties payable on wines imported.

French wines imported fince the expiration of the time limited by the recited aft fhall be charged with the duties thereby impofed in the table Q. and

F.

Preamble.





■.lei

- j'11 *■'

rc rz:

'' r-;m ' -r tj! g »?.*

"‘M *5

•ci:s

riZ2

kl

,vra

l-- :' ;* t V,;»

:: ZtV

: ;vr;i 'irrJ

yf*^

•gv;‘

;-y ri

::<yi

.■m*

t:rJ

r *\

•s*9

.i '

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii IIT. c. 84.	7^1

the production at the head office of (lamps of any fuch inden- on payment tures of apprenticefhip where the fame (hill have been (lamped b>’Jan- xr with any (lamp of a higher value though of a different denomi- fup (/JtVpfy-nation than is required bylaw, every fuch indenture (hall, on able thereon, being tendered at the proper place in the (lamp office where fuch or fuch as indentures are (lamped, during the time of office hours, be -Jwith (lamped wirh the proper (lamp for fuch indentures, without the J payment of any penalty whatever; and every fuch indenture higher value, being fo (lamped as aforefaid with the proper (lamp (whether (hall be (terap-thefame (hall be fo (lamped during the time mentioned in any ed Wlth the fuch indenture, or afrer the expiration thereof) (hall thereupon ^{Jout piy-be good, valid, and available in law and equity, and (hall be ment of any binding upon all the parties thereto, and (hall be deemed to have penalty, and been in full force from the execution thereof, and (hall and maybe	**

given in evidence in any court or courts whatfoever, and the fe- Vil 1 teral clerks, apprentices, or fervants, therein rcfpedtively named,

(hall be capable of following and exercifing their refpedlive intended profeffion, trade, employment, or bufinefs, as fully as if the faid indenture had been properly (lamped at or after the execution thereof; and all and every perfon and perfons who hath or have incurred any penalty or forfeiture by any fuch neglect or omiffion as aforefaid, (hall be acquitted and difeharged of and from, and indemnified againft the fame, except only in fuch cafes where any profecution (hall be now depending; any thing in any adl or a£ts to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

II. And whereas by an aft pajfed in the thirty fevent h year of the reign of his prefent Majefly, certain ft amp duties were granted upon every copy purporting to be a true copy, or attefted to be a true copy* of any indenture, leafe^ or other deed^ or any part thereof for the Je~ curity or ufe of any perfon other than the perfon having or being entitled to the cuftody of fuch indenture, leafe, or other deed: and whereas by an aft, pajfed in this Jeff on of parliament, intituled, An adl to amend feveral laws relating to the duties on (lamped vellum, parchment, and paper, the J'aidJlantp duties were repealed as to certain copies in the faid aft deferibed, and other duties granted in lieu thereof : and whereas it would greatly tend to imreafe the number of copies of indentures, leafes, and other deeds liable to the faid duties, if the fame were allowed to be Jlamped after the ingrojfng, writing, or printing thereof to the great increaje of the faid ft amp 9°.Pies°f duties thereon; be it therefore enacted. That in cafe any copy, deeds* purporting to be a true copy, or attefted to be a true copy, of liable to the any indenture, leafe, or other deed, and liable to either of the duties granted duties granted by either of the faid recited adts, (hall, within ^ 37 Oeo. 3# fixty days after the date of the atteftation of fuch copy, b© c! 7*! of this brought to the head office of the faid commiffioners of (lamps to feffion, may be (lamped with either of the faid duties, according to the nature be ftamped and defcription of fuch copy, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be whhiniSo days lawful for the faid commiffioners, and they are hereby authorifed^^^0^ to caufe the fame to be ftamped with the proper (lamp, upon on payment payment of the duty only, and without any penalty whatfoever. of the duty

VquXLU.	Ccc	CAP.™*-

752



Preamble,

39 Geo. 3/ c.100.

Recited act fliall continue in force till April 5, 1801.

The fifbers and curcrs of ti 1)1 in the Jil? cd‘ Ihnll be entitled to the addition d bounty of is. planted by 35 Geo. 3. c. 56. tor every b.tr-rti ot herrings landed in that ifland, to be p ^nl out of the iurplufage of tiie curtoms there, in manner direct cJ by 26 Geo, 3. c. &l«

Anno regni qu'adragefiir.0 Georgii III. c. 85. (i8<Jo, CAP. LXXXV.

An aft to continue, until the fifth day of April one thoufandeight bun* dred and oney and amend an aft of the lajlfeffm of parliament,fir continuing fcveral aft5 for the encouragement of the firithb fisheries.—[July 28, 1800.]

WHEREAS an at7, paffed in the lafi feffUn of parliament, intituled, An aft to revive and continue, until the end of the next feflion of parliament, an aft made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, to continue and amend an a<3 made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled,c An act for the mote effeftual encouragement of the Britifh fifheries, and to amend an aft made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for extending the filh-eries, and improving the fea coaft of this kingdom,* mil expire at the end of the prefentfffion of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that the fold aft fhould be further continued; be it therefore enacled by the King’s rnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the (aid aft paffed in the lad feflion of parliament, and all the powers and provifions therein contained, (hall continue and be in force until the fifth day 01 April one thoufand eight hundred and one,

II. And whereas by an at1, paffid in the thirty fifth year of tit reign of his prefent Majejly, intituled, An aft to continue and amend an aft, made in the twenty-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, ‘ An aft for the more effeftual encouragement of the Britifij fifheries,’ an additional bounty of one /hilling per band was dir eft ed to be paid for all herrings which Jhould be landed any boat or veffel not entitled to the bounty of twenty /hillings per in, but entitled to the bounty of one /hilling per barrel, granted by an ad puffed in the twenty fixth year of his prefent Majefifs reign, intituled, An aft for the more effeftual encouragement of the Briti/bi&^ cries: and whereas doubts have ar fen whether fifiers and curers of fijh, refilling in the lfle of Man, are entitled to the benefits of tbefad additional bounty; be it hereby enafted, That, from and after the pnfHng of this aft, and during the continuance thereof, the ftiJ fifners and curers of fifli, reliding in the (aid ifland, (hall hare and receive the faid laft mentioned additional bounty for all herrings landed in the faid ifland, in like manner as fifh curers reading in Great Britain are entitled to receive fuch bouuty for herrings landed in Great Britain: provided always, That in every fuch cafe the faid additional bounty (hall be payable and paid oat of the furplufage of the annual cuftoms of the (aid ifland, in fuch manner as is preferibed and direfted by tfbe faid aft paiftd ta the twemy-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and not other ways.

CAR

1

A:

!

Ai

1)0!

Of

pu;

th*

fa

cpii ft? 2 y

rV

pin

fai

hi

*cc.

1 putt 1 thet Prt i tret, hrr,

ku

Wo

lci:>

they

corn

and

lick

n>a»‘c

tobe

^tor

(,tn[

tO hr

'■^tr

®lto

5^

*kj;





?v ^







■><[}

'St

 

iBdd.»] Anno regrJ quaclragefitno Georgii III. c, 86.

CAP. LXXXVt.

An aBf for the better grtfcrvation of timber in the. New Foreff, In the coqnfy of Southampton $ and for afcertaining the boundaries of the - "laidwell, add of the lands of the crown, within the fame.—[July 28,

* , tftro. ] ,

A& $*rid* ib Oul. 3. d 3d rented. His Maj-fty may appoint commif-iioriers to afeertnin and dift!nguitb the boundaries of the NjOv Foreft, and of the lands of his Maiefty’s iubjffts within the fame, and to enquire of purpreftures, See. The commiffioners m *y compromife difptues ivhcro the value of fo much of the matter indifpute, as not be propo/ed to be yielded to his Myjefty, (hall not exCe'd icocl bur if it exceed that film,* they fliall tranfmit a report of the matter to the tieafury. wit!) their , opinion; and if the prepofed comyromife be approved, they mpy fettle the matter accordingly. It a claimant ill ill not make any p’opofil, or a propofi! fhall not be approved, the commiffioners (hall a fa rrain the rights of his Majefty; and if a claimant lhall fr-rnify his fubmiffion to the matter bring fettled by their award, their decilion lhall be final; where parties fhall not fubmit to the judgement of the commiffioners, the matters may be tried In the court of exchequer, See. In actions the venue fhall be laid in the county of Southampton, and fhall be tried at the iir/t or fecond affixes after the defendants fhall have pleaded to iifue. It timber, &c. not exceeding the value of *oool. be Handing upon any lands in dif-pute, the commiffioners may agree with the claimant for the .ipplication thereof, though the fame, with the land, lhall exceed that value, bodies politick. See. may compromife difputes with the commiffioners. Timber trees cut'down and allotted to corporations, &c. not entitled to cut timber, (hall be fold under the direction of the commiffioners, and the money difpofedof as direfted by this aft. If the comm fli oners fiiall find any land belonging to his Majelty which has bern for fifteen years inclofed, and enjoyed without interruption, ard has been impiovtd, they may grant a lea fe thereof. But if they Hull dirt ft the inclofure to be thrown open, they may direft a compeniatiou to be made for thv imptovemeuts. The commiffioners fhall give noli e of the r meeting? in the London Gazette and certain newfpapers. Adjourned meetings may be held without pub-lick notice. Two commiffioners may appoint and hold meetings, and the majority prefent may do all afts. The proceedings of the conn iftioners to be entered in books, which ihall be returned into lh^ office of the auditor of the land revenue. If boundaries cannot be afcert"incd by fuffi-«ient marks or deferiptions in writing, the commiffioners fhall caufc* them to be marked with ft ones placed at proper eiftmees. When the comm if-floners fhall have afeertained the boundaries, they fhall c^ufe a map to be made, in which the boundaries of the foreft and the hnds therein belonging to his Majefty fhall be diftinguifhed, as alfo the lands of other per Ions, as far as can be afeertained ; and one certified copy ihall be tranfroitted to the Reward of the foreft, and the other to the auditor of the land reve-» nue. The commiffioners on requeft fhall certify in what manner di/puted boundaries fhall have been fettled, and return Inch certificate to the auditor of the land revenue, and alfo deliver a copy to the party intcrefted, he paying for the fame. After one part of the map fhall have been deposed amongft the records of the court of attachments of the foreft, all unlawful inclcCures, &c. fhall be inquired of by the verderer in the faid court, who may fine offenders, and order the inclofures to be abated. If any qudlion fhall arife refpe&ingthe boundaries of thd foreft, &c. they fhall be decided by the map, which lhall be admitted as conclufiveevidence.

If any perfon fhall retain poffieffion of any inclofure or building ordered to be thrown open or taken down by the court of attachments, or a<jain icdofe Rich land, or fct up fuch building, or (hall obftruft any officer obeying Inch order, he fhall be punifhed by fine or imprilonment, at the difcretion of the court. The verderers at any court of attachments may appoint officers for executing the orders of the court, who fhall have the authority vf peace officers. Under forciters and groom keepers fhall,

c c c *	ni„i,i7 JWfOO

7 ^4	Anno	regni quadragefimo GeorgiJ Tit. c. 87. [r8oo.

before the holding of courts of attachments, furvey fuch parts of the foreft | as lie within their walks, and take an account ofall inclofures, &c. fince i their lalt furvey, and lhall deliver to the verderers at,(he court preferments of inclofures, &c. and make oath as to. pertain particulars. Bis Muitfty may caufc 400 acres of land within the foreft to be inclofed for producing hay for the deer, Scc. The under forefters or groom keepers, for three years after pafling of this art, (lull deliver to the verderers it the hr It attachment court in each year an account of the number of deer within their refpertive walks, See. and the court, if thought expedient, Hull aflign the quantity, See. of browfe wood to be cut by each for theenfuiw leafon, and after that term no browfe wood (hall be cut. While hrowfc wood (hall be allowed to be cut, every under forefter or,groom keeper (hall, at every court of attachments, deliver to the verderers an account of the	1

browfe wood cut and taken by him fmee the preceding court, See. Jf any	\

forefter, Sic. (hall unlawfully cut down, top, browfe, See, any tree, kc.he	;

{hall forfeit his o/lices, but may he reftored 5 and Fora fecond offence (hall	:

forfeit not exceeding 10I. and his offices, and be incapable of holding any	J

office within the foreft or the courts thereof. The verderers at any court of attachments may enquire into the condurt of the under forefters and	1

groom keepers, and for neglert of duty may fine them 10I. for the firft	.

offence; for a fecond offence they (hall forfeit their offices, but may be re-	|	.

ftored, but if again converted, lhall be incapable of holding any office	J

within the foreft. Art not to infringe any right under letters patent,	j	*

The com miftioners may treat for the fate of fmallparccls of land belonging	t

to or claimed by the crown, which are intermixed with the lands ofiwi-	{

viduate, and are not valuable for the purpofe of the foreft. Land lobe '	fold	not to exceed in any inftance the value of 500I. The treafury before

the expiration of ten years after pafling this art, may contraft for exch*M-	1	(

ingany wafte lands of the crown within tire foreft for any other laws	!	I

therein, not more than two miles from fuch waftes, fit for the growth of j j timber, or to be enclofed for producing hay for the deer. Deeds for fiich exchanges with a map of the lands exchanged (hail be enrolled in the office * of the auditor of the land revenue, Sec, Land of the crown to be exchanged, (hall not exceed in any inftance the value of 500L Lands to be	f

exenanged (hall be valued by able land furveyors on oath, and all other	j

cautionary proceedings /hall be had, as required by 34 Geo. 3. c. 75,

Preamble.

CAP. LXXXVIT.

An aft for the more effectual prevention of depredations on the river Thames, and in its vicinity ; and to amend an ac/, made in tk Je:ond year of the reign of his prefent Majejly, to prevent the cm-mitting of thefts and frauds by perfons navigating bum boats mi other boats upon the river Thames.—[July 28, 1800.]

*TTT Hf-REAS for the more effectual prevention of ckpreiatmx V V the cargoes j /lores, and materials of /hips and vejfels lyin’ jW being in the river Thames, it may be expedient to cjlabhjh in amt-nient place near the [aid river, a publick office, of the nature f feveral offices commmly calUd Police Offices, inflituted under tit ex* -I thority of an aft made in the thirty fecond year of the reign of bis frefrt I Mujefty, intituled. An act for the more effeftgal administration' c. 5 3> recited, the office of a jnftice of the peace, in fuch parts of the counties 0: * MidtHcfcx and Surrey as lie in or near the metropolis} and for the. more.effectual prevention of felonies: may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enarted; and be it enarted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confirm of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament, His Majefty allembled, and by the authority of the ikme, That it lhall be' may caufc * ,	7	Wul.

31 Geo. 3.

I





*800.3 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 87.	75;

lawful for his Majefty to caufe a publick office to be eftablidled publick office at or near trapping New Stairs, in the parifh of Saint John of1beeftablifli-Vyapping* in the county of Middlefex, under the name of The Wap^mg New Thames Police Office, and to appoint, three fit and able perfons, Stairs, and , being each of them a juftice of the peace for the counties of appoint thr£e Middlefex•, Surrey, Kent, and Effex, and for the city and liberty of (Pccul jufticea Wfflminjler, and for the liberty of the tower of London, to fit and Ingcomphhiu a&, by the fpecial appointment of his Majefty, for the purpofe of of offences hearing and determining complaints of offences committed on committed on the river Thames, within the limits of theaforefaid counties, city, ^Imes and liberties refpe&ively, or elfewhere within the limits aforefaid, 1 ames* and of executing all otlier powers appertaining to the office of a juftice of the peace, and arifing within the faid limits.

II.	And be it further enafted. That one or more of the faid Juftices to fpecial juftices to be appointed as aforefaid, fhall diligently attend ^i^hout at the faid publick office every day, from ten in the morning un-til -eight in the evening, and at fuch other times and places as fhall be found neceffary; and that two of the faid juftices fo to be appointed as aforefaid fhall in like manner attend together at the faid office from eleven in the forenoon until one in the afternoon, and from fix in the evening until eight in the evening of every day: provided always. That the attendance of one of the faid juftices may be fupplied during the hours at which the attendance of two is required as aforefaid, by any other juftice of the peace for the faid counties, city, and liberties refpedlively.

HI. And be it further enabled. That the faid fpecial juftices Account of fo appointed to attend at the faid publick office as aforefaid, and their clerks, fhall, in books to be provided for that purpofe, keep Oflicetobe a full, true, and particular account of all the fees taken and re- delivered ceived at the faid office, as alfo of all' penalties and forfeitures monthly to which fhall have been recovered, levied, or received in purfuance ^rtchCgivcr* of any adjudication, conviction, or order, had or made at the ,JJ|0Unt paid faid publick office, or any procefs or warrant ifiuing from to him. the fame, and alfo of all other fum and fums of money which fhall be at any time received by the faid juftices, their clerks or officers, under and by virtue of this act, to which faid books and accounts, the receiver to be appointed in manner herein-after mentioned, fhall at all times have free accefs, and the faid juftices fhall once in every month deliver unto fuch receiver fuch account, verified upon oath by fuch juftices, or one of them, their clerk or clerks, and fuch other perfon or perfons as fhall be employed in keeping fuch accounts refpeclively, or any part thereof, before fome juftice of the peace for one of the faid counties of Middlefex, Surrey, Kent, or EJJex, which oath fuch juftice is hereby authorifed and required to adminifter, and fhall pay and caufe to be paid the amount of all fuch fees unto fuch receiver, to be applied in manner herein-after mentioned; any law, ftatute, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That, from and after the eftab- All penalties Ijihment of the faid publick office, all fuch penalties and for- .(except to feitures, and fhares of penalties and forfeitures, as are or fhall be pi^s^riev-<

C C C 3		WCOVCivd-

?s«

at the office ihaii be paid to the receiver.

His Majefty, by advice ot’ bir. privy council, may direct inlands to be paid to the juiticea, Sec.

Salary to each net to exceed 4001. nor the whole expence of the oflic.' 8cool. His Majefty tnay ippoint a rer;r*vei oi all i'ecs, 6cc.

Duty of the receiver.

Receiver to have fuch ^ fdary a& his Majefty faall appoint, and to poflcls the fame powers as the receiver under 31 Geo. 3. c. 53.

If trie monies applicable by the receiver (hall not amount to V oool. the

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgxi I1L e. 87, [1800,

limited and made payable to his Majefty, his heirs andfticcelTors, or to any deferiptiori of perfons, other than the infornaer or informers who (hall fue for the fame, or any party grieved, and which (hall be recoverable in a fqmmary way before a jufticc or juftices of the peace, and which (hall be recovered or adjudged	I

before any juftice or juftices of the peace at the (aid public	I

office, fhall be accounted for and paid into the hands of the receiver, to be appointed in manner herein-after mentioned, by thejuftice, clerk, conftablc, officer, or other perfon or perfom who fhall levy or receive the fame, to be applied by fuch receiver in manner herein-after mentioned; atoy law, ftatute, or cuftora to the contrary notwitliftandinef.

V.	And be it further enabled. That it (hadl and may belaw^ ful for his Majefty, his hfeirs and fucceflbrs, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, to direft falaries to be paid to the juftices fo appointed to attend the faid poblick office, for their time and trouble, and fuch further funis for their expences in the faid offices, and for the payment of clerks and others therein employed, in fuch manner as to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, by and with the advice of his or their p,rivy council, fhall feem meet: provided always. That the yearly fatary paid to each of the juftices (ball be four hundred pounds, clear of all taxes and dedu<5ficms whatever: provided alfo, That the whole charges attending the faid office (the faid falaries being included) /hall not exceed the annual fum of eight thoufand pounds.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, to appoint any proper perfon to he the receiver of the faid publick office} which aid receiver (hall receive all fees, penalties, forfeitures, and all and every other fum and fums of money applicable to the purpofesof this a£f; and from the produce of fuch fees, penalties, forfeitures,

Aim and fums of money, (hall pay, difeharge, and difturfe all the falaries, expences, and charges attending the faid publick office, and the carrying this a& into execution, and (hall make all fuch contra&s as (hall from time to time be neceffary for that purpofe; and (hall every fix months, and oftener if required, deliver to his Majefty’s principal fecretary of (late for the home department, but to no other perfon or perfons whomfoever, a full and particular account of all monies by him received and paid as aforefaid, with vouchers for the fame, which account (hall be verified upon oarth before any juftice or baron of any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminfor \ and fuch receiver fo to be appointed under this a£I, (hall have and be entitled to fuch falary and allowance^ as his Majefty (hall from time to time be pleafed to direft and appoint; and (hall alfo poflefs and exercife the fame powers and remedies for recovering all fees and penal-	i

ties, fum and fums of money whateyer, to be due and payable to	j

the faid receiver under and by virtue ofthis a£t, as are given by the faid aft of the thirty-fecond year of his prefent Majefty to the receiver appointed under that ad: provided always, That if

it (hall appear that the monies applicable by the faid receiver to ;

be j

 

jf8op.] Anno regnl quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 87.	757-

be appointed under this a<ft, in discharge of the falaries, ex- deficiency pences, and charges attending the faid publick office, and the jjj.™' carrying of this a& into execution, fhall not amount to the the coiiibli-annual fum of eight tboufand pounds, the deficiency fhall be dated fund, made up and fupplied out of the confolidated fund; and if at the and if they end of any year there fhall be any furplus beyond the faid fum of ^[^3 letjlC eight thoufand pounds in the hands of fuch receiver, he (hall pay the amount of fuch furplus into the receipt of his Majeftv’s the exch.e-exchequer, and the fame (hall be carried to and made part of the qucr» confolidated fund.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That it fhall be lawful to and Juftiee* mav for fuch fpecial juftices fo to be appointed under the authority of

this a<ft, or any two of them, as foon as conveniently may be 0/"0 after fuch their appointment, to appoint, retain, and employ a and may fuf-fufficient number of fit and able men as conftables, to be cm- pend ordif-ployed on land, or on board fhips, lighters, or craft, in and mi^s thcm ** upon the faid river within the limits aforefaid, or in boars to be hired for thepurpofe; which faid feveral perfons fhall reflectively take an oath duly to execute their refpe&ive offices, and fuch oath (hall be adminiftered by one of the faid fpecial juftices ; and each of fuch perfons being fo appointed and fworn, (hail have power to adt as a conftabie for the prefervation of the peace, and for the fecttrity of property againft felonious and other un-lawful modes of obtaining and receiving the fame, as well on the faid river within the limits aforefaid, as on land within any and every of the faid feveral counties, city, and liberties aforefaid; and for apprehending offenders againft the peace, as well by night as by day, and within the limits aforefaid, every fuch conftabie {hall have all fuch powers and authorities, privileges and advantages, as any conftabie duly appointed now has, or hereafter may have within his conftablewitk ; and (hall obey all fuch lawful commands as he (hall from time to time receive from fuch fpecial juftices, or any one of them, or from the Thames police, furveyors, as herein-after mentioned, for the apprehending of offenders, or otherwife con juring himfelf in the execution of fuch office of conftabie; and two or more of fuch fpecial juftices may at any time fufpend or difmifs from his employment every fuch conftabie whom they (hall think remifs or negligent in the execution of his office, or otherwife unfit for the fame, and appoint fuch other fit perfon in his ftead as to the faid juf-tices (hall feem meet; and upon every fuch difimflion, all powers and authorities, allowances, emoluments, privileges, and advantages, veiled in the perfon fo difmified, by virtue of his appoint* ment as aforefaid, (hall immediately ceafe and determine,

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faiid fpecial juftices, and nlfo any or any two of them, fhall and may from time to time, at their number of difereftion, appoint, retain* and employ any number of fit and

difereet men not exceeding thirty at any one time, who, under thirty under the name of Thames Police Surveyors, (hall each of them (being the n.ime of firft duly fworn in manner above mentioned) have the power* ^ba^s^Po-authority, and privileges and advantages of a conftabie as-*forc-

CCC-4		the

758

conduct of

thecouitablcs,

See,

The court of

nlTiftants of the Trinity Houle may difmifs ennobles or iur-vcyors.

Receiver to pay the con-ltables and furveyors

fuch Salaries as the ju/tices lhall appoint, with the approbation of the 1'ecre-tary of ftate.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. a 87. [1800. faid, within the limits aforefaid, for the purpofe of dire&ng and infpetfing the condudl of the faid feveral conftables, and of all perfons to be employed in and about (hips and veflels lying and being in the faid river, or in and on the feveral wharfs, quays, and landing places thereto adjacent, and within the limits of the aforefaid counties, city, and liberties refpe&ively, under the authority or fuperintendance of the faid fpecial juftices, who may, when they think proper, fufpend or difmife any fuch Tbamu police furveyors, and appoint others in their ftead.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if the matter, wardens, and aflittants of the guild, fraternity, or brotherhood of the mod glorious and undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement in the parilh of Deptford Strong in the county of Kenty fhall at any time be diflatished with the conduit of anv fuch conftable or furveyor, fo appointed as aforc&id, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid matter, wardens, and aflittants, by order of their court of aflittants to difmifs from his faid employment every fuch conftable or furveyor as aforefaid, with whole condudl they fhall refpedlively be diflatisfied; and every fuch conftable or furveyor fo difmiffed (hall, from and after the time when any fuch order (hall have been produced and made known to him, be incapable of exercifing either of the faid offices, unlefs and until fuch court of affiftants, who fhall have made fuch order, fhall think fit to revoke the lame.

X.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid receiver (out of the monies applicable by virtue of this a & in difehargeof the falaries, expences, and charges attending the faid publick office), fhall and may pay to the conftables and furveyors, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, for their trouble and attendance as aforefaid fuch falaries and allowances as the faid juftices (hall from time to time direefk and appoint, with the approbation and confent of his Majefty’s fecretary of ftate for the home depart-

ment.

Duty of the	XI. And be it further enabled. That it (hall and maybe

furveyors.	lawful to and for every fuch Thames police furveyor, in virtue of

fuch his office, (fubjedf to the orders of the faid juftices to be appointed as aforefaid), to enter at all times, as well by night as by day, into and upon every (hip, hoy, barge, lighter, boat, or other veflel, (not being then actually employed in his Ma-jefty’s fervice,) lying or being in the faid river, and within the limits of the aforefaid counties, city, and liberties refpe&ively, and into every part of all fuch veflels, for the purpofe of infped-ing, and upon occafion dircdling the condudf ot any conftable or conftables, who (hall or may from time to time be ftationed on board fuch (hips or veflels, as alio for the purpofe of inlpeft-ing and obferving the conduct of all and every or any other perfon and perfons who fhall from time to time be employed on board of any fhip or veflel in or about the lading or unlading thereof as the cafe may be, and for fhe purpofe of raking all fuch meafures as may be neceflary for providing againft fire and other accidents, as alfo for the purpofe of preferving peace and good '	order

J

|

I

 L^OOQle

i8oo.] Anno re^ni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 87*	759

order on board of any (hip or veflel, and for the effectual prevention in ail cafes of any felonies or mifdemeanors being committed on board any (hip or veflel, and for the effectual detection of any felonies or mifdemeanors whatfoever which may have been committed, or which the faid furveyor may have reafonable caiife to fufpeft to have been committed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft.

XII.	And whereas divers ill dtfpofed andfufpeCled perfons, and reputed thieves, frequent the faid river, and the quays and wareboufes near and adjoining thereunto, and the avenues to the fame quays and ware- Sufpeftedper-houfes, and the Jlreets and highways leading thereto, with intent to fonsaml rc-eommit felony on the perfons and property of his Majejly's fubjefis there being; and although their evil purpofes are fufficiently mamfe/ly the river, and the power of his Majejly's juflices of the peace to demand of them jecu- the quays, rities for their good behaviour hath not been of fufficient ejfeft to ware. prevent them from carrying their evil purpofes into execution ; be it enafted, That, from and after the pafling of this aft, it (hall a fclcmi-and may be lawful for any conftable or furveyor appointed under ous intent, the authority of this aft within the limits aforefaid, to apprehend may be ap-cvery fuch perfon, and convey him or them before any of the [)[!^lndjtnb]ts faid fpecial juflices to be appointed as aforefaid, or any other or furveyors, juflices of the peace; and if it (hall appear before the faid juftice, and conveyed upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, that before the fuch perfon or perfons is or are a perfon or perfons of evil fame, and a reputed thief or thieves, and fuch perfon or perfons (hall ju^tcc ; and not be able to give a fatisfaftory account of himfelf or them- if it /hall feives, and of his or their way of living, and it (hall alfo appear appear that to the fatisfaftion of the faid juftice that there is juft ground to believe that fuch perfon or perfons was or were on or in the	fu°cj,

faid river, quays, or warehoufes or in fuch avenue, ftreet, or was their highway as aforefaid with fuch intent as aforefaid, every fuch intent, they perfon /hall be deemed a rogue and vagabond, within the intent and meaning of the ftatute made in the feventeenth year of his amfvaga-late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An ah to amend bonds within and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and the meaning other idle and dijorderly perfons, and to houfes of correction : provided °*17 ^eo*2» always. That if any perfon (hall think himfelf aggrieved by the pCrfonsthink-judgement of fuch juftice as aforefaid, fuch perfon may appeal to ingthemfdves the juflices of the peace at the next general or quarter feflions of aggrieved, the peace to be held for the county or place wherein the caufe may appeal of complaint (hall have arifen, fuch perfon at the time of his ^^^uarter conviftion entering into a recognizance, with two fufficient jfthe fureties, conditioned perfonally to appear at the faid feflions to vision be try fuch appeal, and abide the further judgement of the juflices affirmed, the ar fuch feflions aflembled; and in cafe fuch conviftion (hall be	may

affirmed at fuch feflions, the faid juflices may adjudge fuch ^ tjie perfon to be a rogue and vagabond, and proceed againft fuch offender as if perfon in the fame manner as they might have done if fuch he had been rogue and vagabond had been committed to the houfe of cor- committed . reftion until fuch general or quarter feflions : provided always, feflfang1? That no perfon convifted under this aft (hail thereby become pe*f * (

 '

liable

vilted, not

7&o liable to any other punifh-niciit than lix months

Anna regni quadragefimo Geqrqji III. c. 87. [1800.

liable to any other puhifhment than imprifonment to hard labour for a term not exceeding fix months, taking into the computation any actual imprifonment which fuch perfon (hall have impriibnment. fuffered by his commitment until fuch feflion.

Penalty for XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any perfon (hall damaging, wilfully deftroy or damage, or endeavour to deftroy or damage, boat* be- or be wilfully concerned in deftroying or damaging, or endea-t011C vour*n5 to deftroy or damage, any boat or boats then belonging to, hired or employed by or by authority of the faid fpccial juftices, or any part of the fails, oars, or other tackle, (tores, goods, or furniture contained in or belonging to any fuch boat, every perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch boat fo deftroyed or damaged, or attempted to be deftroyed or . damaged, or of which any of the tackle or other contents (hall have been fp deftroyed or damaged, or. atrempted to be deftroyed or damaged as aforefaid, any fum not exceeding fifteen pounds, pr (hall foffer imprifonment for any time not exceeding three months, over and above any fuch damages as may be recoverable by action at law againft any fuch offender.

XIV.	And whereas, for the purpofe of increafing the facility if depredation, it hath been a common practice amongfl varim clap of perfon5 concerned in the landing and wareboufmg of merchandize from on board Jhips and veffeh in the faid river, wilfully to injure end promote the opening and breaking of cafks, bags, and other pcuhin, and the fpilling of their contents; for remedy thereof, be it further Penalty for enacted. That if any perfon employed in the landing or ware-breaking. See. houfing of any goods and merchandizes, or any perfon, (hall with an intent w#l^u^y or trough culpable negligence or carefcfihefs, caufcor that the con- fu^er or be concerned in caufing or fuffering to be broken, tents may be bruifed, pierced, ftarted, cut, torn, or otherwife injured, any calk, box, cheft, bag, or other package containing, or being defigned and prepared for containing any fuch goods or merchandize*, while on board of any barge, lighter, or other craft lying or being in the faid river, or any quay, wharf, or landing place adjacent to the fame, or in, or in the way to or from any ware-houfe ta or from which fuch package (hall have been removed, removing,or about to be removed, with intent that the contents of fuch package or any part thereof may be fpillcd or dropped from fuch package, then and in fuch cafe every perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding forty thillings, nor lefs then ten (hillings, and (hall on conviction be committed for any term not exceeding one calendar month, determinable upon the payment of fuch penalty fo impofed; and moreover, it (hall and may be lawful tq and for the juftice or juftices before whom fuch convi&ion (hall have taken place, at his and their diferetion, to caufe to be publifljedia fomc ncwfpaper or newfpapers an account of fuch conv$iou, with the name and defeription of the offender.

XV.	And be it further enaCted, That if for the purpofe of preventing the feizure or difeovery of any materials, furniture, Ilores, or merchandizes belonging, to or havidg been part of the

cargo





JpiHcd.

Perfon s 1ft-ting fall, &c. any articles for the pur-•pofe of prC-

C^r,

oth

ami

fill

or

aw;

to ( it.il

C'n

Ca

.vj,

VO.

be;

or

ou

the

th;

(ur

th-

lc,

c:l

1.1!

Co

fill

CO

0:

C<

t<

tl

pi

a:

t,

a:

• 5

10

 '



1 - Z

■ ;.i:

;'L

:*f3

*.2

,ifl

•i ^

,V

&

^:,

■Vp

Vj

pt

t?

v

t?

v

if

1800.*} Anno regni qoadrag^fimo Georgii III. c. 87.	761	*

cargo of any ftjip or veflel lying in the faid river, or of any venting the other article* unlawfully Obtained from any fuch (hip or veflel,;^j?“"rorof- \ any fuCh, or any other article or articles, fhall be wilfully let any^m/Zw^uI* \ fall, or thrown into the river, or in any other manner, diredlly ly obtained,

Or purpofely conveyed away, or endeavoured to be conveyed guilty of a away, from any fhip or veffd, boat, barge, lighter, craft, wharf, quay, or other landing place, every perfon being party or acceflary apparentvaluc -to fuch letting fall, throwing or conveyance, or to any previous (hall be let inftvu&ions or premeditated defign fo to let fall, throw, of foil into any convey away, any fuch article or articles, with any fuch pur-pule as aforefaid, ill all be deemed and adjudged guilty of a mif- privity of the demeanor; and if any article or articles whatever of apparent owner, the* value (hall be wilfully let fall, thrown, conveyed away, orendea- boat may be voured to be conveyed away, from any fhip or veflel, into any feiz^d,anrt boat, barge, lighter, or craft, or frqm any boat, barge, lighter, therein^or* or craft,#or from any wharf, quay, or other landing pi »ce, with- fupefted pcrr out the oider, affent, or privity of the perfon or perfons being fon nearthere-the owner, or having the lawful charge of fuch article or articles-then'and in fuch cale, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fpe^rufaces* : fuch conftable or furveyor as aforcCiid, or for any < onftable of 0r juttices of * : the city of London^ within the jurifdictiort df the fiid city, tathe jurifdic-. ‘ feize, apprehend, and fecure, any luch boat, barge, lighter, or other craft, and every or any perfon therein, or who, by reafon of app that it his or* her neirnefs to the place where fuch offence (hall be did not pro-committed, (hall be reafonahly fufpeded by luch coi ftuble orceedfroma furveyor of being party or acceflary thereto,'and forthwith to convey every fuch perfon fo apprehended before the faid juflices, or fome otherjuftices in whbfe junfdiftion futh offences (hall be be deemed* committed; and if upon examination it Hull not be made appear, guilty, to the fatisfadtion of the laid juftices, that fuch letting fall, throwing, or conveying away, or endeavour to convey away, proceeded either from mere accident, or from fome lawful caufe, and not from any fuch fraudulent or evafive defign as aforefaid, every perfon (q appealing to be party, privy, or acceflary, as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a mifdemeanor, and (hall fuflfer as hereinafter mentioned.	,	s

XVI,	And be it further enabled. That if on information given If on infor- \ on oath it (hall appear to the faid juftices that there is reafonablei ration on \ caufe for fufpedling that any matenals, furniture, ftores, or any'upl^jj {o^he \ part of the ca:go of any fuch (hip or veflel lying or being in the juftices that j laid river, or any ftores belonging to his Majefty, or configned there is rea-to any pe Ton or pcrlons for his Majefty’s iervice, have been	>

ftoien, or unlawfully obtained from or cut of any fuch (hip [hat anyof^ veil’d, 01 from or out ot any boat, barge, lighter, or craft, lying the cargo of pr being in the faid river, of from any wharf, quay, or other any veil'd, or landing place adjacent to the fame, and within the limits of the' any of hia aforefaid counties, city, and liberties, or from or in the way &c. to or from any warehoufe, into or from which fuch articles had have been been removing or removed, to or from any fuch wharf, quay, unlawfully pr landing place, and that fuch articles, after having been fo obtained, and Oplen or qnlawfully obtained, are concealed or otherwife lodged or any

pigitj^d bY ^»Ojn jul^CC8 iQ y

•jSz

their jurif-diMions, may caufe the to be learched by day or by night, and by force it necel-fary, and if any are found, and it be not made appear by what lawful means they came depo-fited, the per-fon in whole houfe found, and the per-fon sappearing to have been privy to the dcpofit-ing, (hall be deemed guilty of a mifde-meanor.

J Every perfon who to prevent any articles from being feized ■ pn fufpidon * 1 of being	;

t ftolen, or	j

\ being produq-\cd as evidence, (hall j frame, &c.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgu III. c. 87* [1800. , 1

in any dwelling houfe, warehoufe, yard, garden, or any other	j

place, it (hall be lawful for the faid juftices, or other juftices in	|

their refpeftive jurifdi&ions, or any one of them, by fpecial	j

warrant under their hands and feals, dire&ed to any fuch Tbmr	j

police conftable or furveyor as aforefeid, or other conftable within their refpe&ive jurifdidttons, to caufe every fuch place to	1

be fearched, at any time of the day, or by niglu, if power for	;

that purpofe be efpeciallv given in and by fuch warranty and	j

the faid juftices, if it (hould appear to them requifite and necefliry, may moreover empower fuch conftable or furveyor, with any fuch afliftance as to them the faid juftices may appear, or by fuch 1 conftable or furveyor be found neceflary (fuch conftable or fur* veyor having previoufty made known fuch his authority) to ufe force for the effecting of fuch entry, whether by breaking open doors or otherwife j and if upon fearch thereupon made, any fuch fufpe&ed article or articles (hall accordingly be found, then and in fuch cafe to convey the fame forthwith to and before'the faid juftices, or to guard the fame on the fpot while the offenders are taken before the faid juftices, or otherwife difpofe thereof in forac place of fafety, fubjecl to the orders of the faid juftices in manner as abovementioned, and moreover to apprehend and convey before the faid juftices the perfon or peribns in whofe houfe, . lodging, or other place as aforefaid the fame (hall fo have been found, as alfo every fuch other perfon fo found in fuch houfe, lodging, or place, as (hall appear to have been privy to the depofiting of fuch articles, or any of them, in fuch place, knowing or having reafonable caufe to fufpe<3 the fame to have been ftolen, or otherwilq, unlawfully obtained; and if fuch perfons refpeCtively (hall not immediately, oc within fome reafonable time, to be affigned by the faid juftices, make it appear, to the -fatisfa&ion of the faid juftices, by what lawful means fuch article or articles came to be depofited or fituated in fuch place as aforefaid, without any default on the part of fuch peribns refpedtively, or that they refpeCtively did not know that the lame were, or by what means the fame were defpolited or fituated in fuch place, then and in fuch cafe the perfon or perfons in whole houfe, lodging, or other place, fuch fufpe&ed article or articles Was or were found, as alfo every other perfon fo appearing to have been privy to the depofiting thereof, knowing, or having caufe to fufpeeft the fame to have been ftolen, or otherwife unlawfully obtained, (hall be deemed and adjudged guilty of 1 .mifdemeanor, and (hall fufFer as herein-after mentioned,	I

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed. That every perfon who, for the purpofe of protecting or preventing any goods, wares, merchandizes, or other articles whatfoever from being feized, on fufpicion of their being ftolen or otherwife unlawfully obtained, dr of preventing the fame from being produced or madetoferve as evidence of or concerning any felony or mifdemeanor, (ball frame or caufe to be framed, or be any ways concerned in framing or caufing to be framed, any bill of parcels containing any falfc ftatement in regard to the name or abode of any

allcdgeii j

 L»ooQle

iSocr.] Anno regni quadragefimo Geo&gh III. c. 87.	765

alletlged vendor, the quantity or quality of Rich goods or va- any falfe bill luables, the place from whence, or conveyance by which the fame were fumifhed, the price agreed upon or charged for thej(jdgcde * ^ fame, or any other particular or particulars, knowing fuch of *miiac-7 ftatement to be falfe, (hall be adjudged guilty of a mifdemeanor, meanor, and and (hall fuffer as herein-after mentioned 5 and may moreover, at the difcretion ofthefaidjufti£es,or fuch other juftices in whofevcr 1 jurifdi<ftion fuch offences (hall be committed, be publilhed and advertifed as a fabricator of falfe bills of parcels, or as a con-vi&cd or reputed receiver of goods ftolen, or otherwife unlawfully obtained, as the cafe may be.

XVIII.	And whereas in and by an aft pajfed in the fecbtidyear 1 Geo. 3. of his prefent Majejlys reign, intituled, An left to prevent the c* recited, committing of thefts and frauds by perfons navigating bum boats and other boats upon the river Thames, it is among/} other things provided, that a perfon in wbofe poJTcjfion goods fujpefted of having been Jlolen or otherwife unlawfully come by, are found, Jhall be adjudged guilty of a mifdemeanor, if he do not either give an account, to the fatisfaftion of fuch jujlice or jujlices as are therein mentioned, how be came by the fame, or elfe produce the party or parties from whom be bought or received the fame, under which provifton no receiver of Jlolen goods, who Jhall produce a perfon of whom he received the fame, can be adjudged guilty, although he Jhall■, not give fuch account to the fatisfaftion of fuch jujlice or jujlices/ as afortfaid-, be it further ena&ed That in every cafe where the Where the

Erodudtion of the party from whom any goods or things have een bought or received, would at prefent be fuflicient to ex- whom any™*1 empt any perfon from being adjudged guilty of a mifdemeanor goods have under the faid a<ft, by reafon of any fuch goods or things being been bought found in any way in his or her pofleffion, fuch produ&ioh (hafi not be deemed fufficient to exempt fuch perfon from being adjudged guilty as aforefaid, unlefs the arccOUnt fo given of the adjudged manner of his or her coming by fuch goods or things (hall, upon guilty of a a full investigation, be fatisfactorv to (uch jufticeor juftices; and if any perfon on being fo produced (hall declare himfelf or r^dted herfelf to have bought, received, or otherwife obtainedfuch goods fuch produc-of fomepther perfon, fuchjuftice pr jufticesare hereby authorifed tion fliall not and required to examine every fucli other perfon, and alfo every other prior purchafer or pretended purchafer, and if upon the unj^fs t^c whole of the evidence it (hall appear to die fatisfa<5iipn of fuch account given juftice or juftices, that the party fo informed againft or fufpe£ted be fatisfaftory did at the time of his or her receiving fuch goods or-into his or her pofleflion, believe, or had reasonable caufe tojwi^ believe that the fame were at any time and by any perfon on-Jadjudge the lawfully come by or obtained, it (hall and may be lawful to and party guilty < for fuchjuftice orjuftices, to adjudge fuch parry to be guilty of a mifdemeanor, and fucb party fo conviSted (hall thereupon fuffer mcanor-as berein-after mentioned. .

XIX.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe of every offeiice Penalties for herein-before declared to be a mifdemeanor, or for which (pecial pecuniary penalty i$ hereiri-before appointed, the offender for^biclr no

Jhall fpecial pecu-

 VjUUyLL

niary penalty is herein appointed.

IF penalty be not paid or fecured the offender may be committed.

Application of penalties*

No perfon to be deemed incompetent evidence on account of chance of flure of penalty. Where complaints of offences declared mif-demeanors, 01 for which pecuniary penalties are appointed, fhall be heard and determined*

Conviction to be certified, &c. aa directed by the laft recited ait.

Anno regni qqadragefimo (jEqrqu ill. c-87. [i8od (hall forfeit and pay* at the diferetfon of tlje faid juftice? to bt appointed as aforefaid, or of fuch other juftice or juftices before whom any conviction (hall from time to time take place', withiff their refpe&ive jurifidi*£tions, any fum not ekee^ding five pounds, nor lefs than twenty (billings* or (hall ftlflTcr imprifonment for afty time not exceeding eight weeks,-nor Jefs than two weeks, or (hall forfeit and pay any funri not exceeding forty (hillings* nor lefs than ten (hillings, and (hall befides fuffer imprifonment for any time not exceeding four week9* nor lefs than one week; and if the payihent of fuch penalty (hall not immediately upon conviction be made or fecured to the fatisfaCtion of fudi juftice: or juftiGeS, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice or juftices forthwith, efr at any other time or times within one calendar month after fuch convi&ion, to commit the offender to any lawful place of imprifonment within his or their jurif-diddion* for any time not exceeding eight weeks In the whole, determinable upon the making or fecuring fuch payment as aforefaid $ and one moiety of money recovered on account of every fuch forfeiture or penalty (hall be paid to fuch receiver as aforefaid, for the purpofes of this, a<ft, and the other moiety thereof under the direction of the juftice or juftices by whom the fame (hall have been levied, (hall either be paid and applied to the ufe of the informer alone, or be diftributed between or amongft all fuch perfons as fhall have contributed to the con-vision of the offender* in fuch (hares and proportions as fuch juftice or juftices in their difcretion (hall think fit: provided always. That no informer or other perfon (hall be deemed incompetent to give evidence touching any fuch offence as aforefaid, by reafon of any chance or expectation of any fuch moiety, (hare, or proportion as aforefaid.

XX. And be it further ena&ed* That in every cafe in which complaint (hall be made, or information given of any offence, by this a£k declared to be a mifderneanor, or for which any • pecuniary penalty or forfeiture is herein-before appointed, with or without imprifonment in addition thereto or in lieu thereof, the matter of fuch complaint or information, if the offence (hall have been commited, or the offender apprehended within the limits aforefaid, (hall or may be heard and determined either by the faid juftices to be appointed as aforefaid, or either of them, or by any other juftice or juftices afting in and for the county or other plaqe of feparate jurifdi<ftion within which the offence (hall have been committed, or the offender apprehended; and if any fuch offence (hall have been committed, or the offender apprehended* within the jurifdi<3ion of the city* of London^ then the matter of fuch complaint or information (hall and may be heard and determined by the lord, mayor, recorder, or one of the aldermen of the faid city, and not ellewhere; and every convi&ion thereupon had (hall be certified, filed, and entered iii fuch manner as is direfted in and by the faid aft of the fecond year of his Majefty’s reign* with refpedt to convictions under that alt* and may alfo be drawn up in fuch form





__ 180S.] Annb regni quadragefimo Georgii flf. c. 87.	765

and manner as is appointed in and by the faid aft ; and neither and may be fuch conviftion, or any proceeding previous thereto (hall be drawn up m removed by Certiorari or otherwife into any court of record, but ^pp0°nted fuch convi<^ion (hall be ftnal and conclusive to all intents and thereby, and purpofes whatfoever.	(hall be final.

XXL And whereas the puniffmenis for mifdemeanors, provided in and by the faid.aft of thefecond year of his prefent Majeflys reign% have been found inefficient for the preventing of fuch offences j be it enafted* That every perfon who (hall be guilty of arty of Mifdemeanors the feveral offences* relpeftively made and declared to be mifde-demeanors in and by the faid aft, (hall and may be punifhed at appointed^ the diferetion of the juftice or juftices by or before whom the the la ft recited faid offender (hall be convifted, either with the puniftnnent aft, or by ibis appointed in and by the faid aft, or by fuch other punifhmcnt a<^* or punifliments as is and are hereby appointed for and in cafes of offences declared to be mifdemeanors in and by this prefent aft.

XXIL And whereas in and by the faid laJl-mentioned aSt^ per* fons guilty of certain offences are punifhable by tranfportation for fourteen years, but thefid offences not being by the f iid aft declared to be felony, the trial thereof may in all cafes be put off by means of a Perfons guilty traverfe, to (he next fffions after the finding of the bill of indictment of offences for the fame*) and the offender be in the mean time liberated, on being puniihable by admitted to bail, whereby jujlice has been in many injiances eluded > A tranfporta-for remedy thereof be it farther enafted, That, from and after the tion for 14 pafling of this aft, whenever any indiftment (hall be found years, (bail againft any perfon or perfons for the faid offences, or any them, the perfon or perfons fo indifted (hall plead to the fame withouTha*. indiftment without having time to traverfe the fame, as is ufual jng time to * in cafes of mifdemeanors.	traverfe.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That no- Nothing here* thing in this aft (hall extend to deprive the lord mayor, common- in to deprive alty, and citizens of the city of London, of any right, privilege, pr th* jurifdiftion heretofore lawfully claimed, exercifed, or enjoyed, ^their rights, within the town and borough of Southwark, or the liberties thereof, or to prevent the faid lord mayor for the time being, or the aldermen of the faid city for the time being, and the recorder of the faid city for the time being, from afting as jufticcs*of the peace within the faid town and borough of Southwark and the liberties thereof, in fuch and the like manner as they could or might have done in cafe this aft had not been made; nor to deprive the lord mayor and commonalty and citizens of the faid city, of any right, privilege, immunity, or jurifdiftion which they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exer-eifed, or enjoyed upon the river Thames^ or the lord mayor of the faid city for the time being as confervator of the faid river j nor to prevent the faid lord mayor for the time being, and the aldermen and recorder of the faid city, from afting asjuftices of the peace upon the faid river, or taking cognizance of offences committed upon or within the limits of the fame, in .	fuch



?66	- Anno regni quadragefimo Georcii 111. c. 88. [1800.

fuch manner as they might or would have done in cafe this aft had not been made. ofrecSadT XX1V> Antl be ic furthcr enacted, That all the claufes and To extend to S ProvI^ocs mentioned, and contained in the laid aft of the thirty-$his ad. Second year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, touching and concerning the prohibition relative to the taking of fees to the ufe of individuals, the incapacity of the juftices with regard to their fitting in parliament, and the reftriftions and penalties impofed on the juftices, receiver, and conftables, with regard to their interfering in parliamentary deftions; and alfo all the daufes and provifoes mentioned and contained in the faid aft of the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, refpefting the fearching and detaining of boats on the faid river, or the feizing and detaining of goods fufpefted to be ftolen, and the perfons fufpefted to be guilty of dealing the fame, and the mode of proceeding with refpeft thereto, and refpefting the difeovery, apprehenfion, and punifliment of offenders, and refpefting the obftrufting the execution of the faid aft, and refpefting the commencing or profecuting of aftions againft juftices or their officers, (hall be deemed, conftrued, and taken to be, and the fame are hereby declared to extend to and to be parts of this aft, as if the fame were herein fpecially repeated and re-enaftedj and that all juftices to be from time to time appointed under and by virtue of this aft, and all conftables and furveyors to be from time to time appointed by the faid juftices, (hall have all fuch powers, privileges, and protections, in all refpefts what-foever, in the execution of the faid afts and of this aft, as any juftice, conftablc, or other officers or perfons could or might by law have under the faid afts, or either of them, except in as far as the fame are varied in and by this prefent aft.

Publickaft. * XXV. And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without the fame being fpecially pleaded.

Continuance XXVI. And be it further enafted. That this aft (hall be

•fact.	and continue in force from the paffing thereof until the twenty-

fifth day of March which {hall be in the year of our Lqrd one thoufand eight hundred and feven, and no longer.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An aft concerning the difpofttion of certain real and perjml prt» ferty of his Majefty, his heirs and fuccejffhrs $ and alfo of the real and perfonal property of her Majefty, and of the Queen confori for the time being.—[July 28, 1800.]

Preamble.	'T XT HERE AS in and by an aft faffed in the ftrd year of the reign

1 Ann*, c. 7. . VV of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for the better (upport of her Majelly’s houffiold, and of the honour and dignity of the crowty* it was (emongft other, things) enafted, That all

and





i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii IIL c. S8.	767

and every grant, leafs, or other ajfurance, , from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufmd jeven hundred and two,

Jhould be made or granted by her /aid Majefiy, her heirs or fuccejfors.

Kings or Queens of this realm, under the great feal of England, exchequer jeal, Jeals of the duchy and county palatine of Lancafter, or any of them, or by copy of court toll, or otherwise howfoever, of any manors, nuffuages, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, woods, or other hereditaments, (advoivfons of churches and vicarages only excepted), within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town cf Berwick upon Tweed, or any of them, or any part thereof then belonging or thereafter to belong to her Majefiy, her heirs or fuccejfors, or to any other perfon or perfons in trujl for her Majefiy, her heirs and fuccejfors, in pofjcjfion, reverfion, remainder, ufe, or expectancy, whether the fame were or Jhould be in right of the crown of England, or as part of the principality of Wales, or of the duchy or county palatine of Lancafter, or ctherwife houfoever, to any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, whereby any efiate or interefl whatfoever in law or equity Jhould or might pafs from her Majejly, her heirs or fuccejfors, Jhould be utterly void and of none effitl, unlefs fueh grant, leafe, or other affutance Jhould be made for fome term or eflate not exceeding thirty-one years or three lives, or for fome term of years determinable on one, two, or three lives, and unlefs fuch grant, leafe, or ajfurance refpeflively Jhould he made to commence from the date or making thereof', and iffucb grant, leafe, dr ajjurance Jhould be made to take effect in reverfion or expectancy, that then the fame, together with the ejlate or ejlates in pojfejfion of and in the premifes therein contained, Jhould not exceed three lives, or the term of thirty-one years in the whole, with various other provifions and refiriftions j but in the faid a£l there is a provifo, that the faid a ft Jhould not extend to difable her Majefiy, her heirs or fuccejJors to make certain leafes, copies, or grants of offices, lands, or hereditaments, parcel of the duchy ^Cornwall, as therein mentioned, or to difable her Majefiy, her heirs or fuccejfors, to make any grant or rejlitution of any ejlate or ejlates thereafter to be form feited Jor any treafon or felony whatfoever, or to difable her Majefiy her heirs or fuccejfors, to grant, demife, or ajlfign any lands, tenements, or hereditaments which Jhould be Jeixcd or taken into her or their hands up On any outlawry at thefuit of her or their fubje&s, as had been ufual, or any ejlate whatfoever which was or Jhould be feized, extended, or taken in execution for any debt owing or to be due to the crown, as fhe or they Jhould think fit, or to make any grants or admittances which of right or cifiom ought to be made of any copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, parcel of any manor or manors of her Majefiy, her heirs or fuccejfors, or to difable the trufiees for fale of fee farm and other rents therein mentioned, from executing the powers vefled in them as therein mentioned: and whereas in and by an a& made in the firfi year of the reign of his prejent Majfiy, intituled. An a& for the fupport of his Majefty’s houfehold, and 1 ^co* 3* of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, it isC‘ lf (amotjgfi other things} enafied. That the revenue arifing to his Majefiy by rents of lands, or for fines of leafes of the fame, or any of them,

W»l . XLll.	D d d	Digitized	by le

7*8

and j4 Geo. 3- c. 75, recited.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georcii III. c. 88. [1800.

(except the revenue of the duchy of Cornwall), fiould, from and immediately trfter the demife of his late majefty King George the Second\ be, during his prefent Majefty’s life, carried to and mail part of the general aggregate fund eftablijhed by the aft of the firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, and be\ during the faid term, ijfued and applied, in the manner, thertin* after mentione d\ to the ufes to which the faid fund ms or Jbould U made applicable : and whereas in and by another aft made in the thirty* fourth year of the reign of hh prefent Majefty, intituled, An ad for the better management of the land revenue of the crown, and for the fale of fee farm and other improveable rents, further pro*

viftons are made touching grants, leafes, and other ofjurances, which Jhould be made or granted by his Majefty, his heirs or

under the great feal, or feal of the exchequer, or either of thems if any manors, mejfiuiges, lands, tenements, or heredit aments, within the

WL

kingdom of England and dominion of Wales, or any of them, or anj part thereof then belonging or then after to belong to bis Majefty% bts heirs or fucceffors, and being within the ordering and furvey of the exchequer in England: and whereas his Majefty has punhafei certain

freehold\ and ctf/lomary or cop\f)cIdand leafehold manor laniis tenement!, and hereditaments, out of the monies ijfued and applied for tbeufnf

his prtvypurfe, or with other monies not appropriated to any particular '	{Jertdhments

fervice, and ivhiTJT



ments, or hereditaments of any tenure wbatfoever, which have been or /hall be pur chafed by and conveyed to or in truftfor his Majefly, r

which /ball be pur chafed by and conveyed to or in truft for bis Mojeftft heirs and fucceffors, out of monies ijfued and applied for the ufeofbil or their privy purfe, or with any monies not appropriated to ety publick fervice, and alfo all manors, lands+ tenements, or beriditamu which have come to his Majefty, or fhall or may hereafter com ti bit Majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, by the gift or devife of or by Med, cr otherivife from any anceftor or other perfon not being King or of this realm, Jhould be held and enjoyed by his Majefty, bislttn and fucceffors, freed and discharged from all the proviftens ed reft rill ions of the faid recited afts of the firft year of her hte majefty Queen Anne, and the firft and thirty-fourth years of bh prefat Majefty (except as her tin-after provided) and Jbould be faleable asti difpofeable either by grant or otherwife in his or their lifetime, or by his or their laft will and teftament in writing, in fiuh manner as h pr they fhall think fit: be it therefore enafted by the King's rooft

excel-

1800

excel! lords liame of th« M •

thiitj tret fcir at an at an

fu:ce

hiso

ttnei

6*n<

°r|

tor?

of

Pte

havr^frlTn conveyed or furrended to his Majefty, or to feme perfon n "	T	~~ins Majefty bait) rrtbtrio held

perfons in truft for his Majefty, and btf and enjoyed the fame as his foie and excluftye property; but byreafa of the general words ufed in the faid aft in the firft year of fir loti majefty Queen Anne,l/jtj ft uthhi iwi&m ItiimerilsTStid hereditaments fo purchased by bis Majefty, and fuch as may hereafter be pmhajtl , out offuch inonies aThtorepnd, may be deemefju^eftto the rejkiclim and proviffons contained in the faid afts ; and it may be dmktd whether Jach copyhold or cufiomary and leafehold pur chafes, by or in truft for his Majefty as uforejaid, do not alfo fall within the fail recited afts: and whereas it is reafonahle that all manors, lands, tent*

niai

chat

anv

or

for

%

acc

uer

and

tty

if)

flu

*v

Jflc

thi<

M

k

_ tk(

•; k'

’ hi

:tf?'

1

4e

A

ihv

%







f

'I

V:

<>!

$

ft’

i

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii TIL c. 88.	76^

excellent majefty, bv and with the advice and confent of the None of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-	jn

liament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That none a# fhall ex-of the provifions or reftrieftions contained in the faid a<fl$ of the tend to firft year of her faic] late majefty Queen Anne, and the firft and manors, &c. thirty-fourth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, {hall extend to any manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or here- his heirs orj ditaments, of whatfoever tenure the fame may be, which have fucceffors, out at any time heretofore been purchafed by his Majefty, or (hall of monies not at any time hereafter be purchafed by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, out of any monies iflued and applied for the ufe of fcrvice nor his or their privy purfe, or with any other monies not appropriate to manors,&c. ed to any publick fervice, or to any manors, mefluages, lands, which have tenements, or other hereditaments, of whatfoever tenure the	|jld

fame may be, which have come to his Majefty, or (hall or may (halfcomedo come to him, or his heirs or fucceflors, hv the gift or devife of, him or his or by defeent or otherwife, from any of his, her, or their ancef- heirs or tors, or any other perfon or perfons not being Kings or Queens ^Ce^fon°m of this realm; and the intent of this ena&ment is, that the fame not Seiiig11 {hall operate, to all intents and purpofes, as from the birth of his Kings or prefent Majefty,	'	Queens of the

II. And be it fnrther enabled. That all and fingular the ^^£0*0^" manors, lands, tenement*,, japd hereditaments of copyhold or cuftomary tenure, or of leafehold tenure, which have been pur- the birth of chafed by hfs~Maj^fly"as'aforefaid, or which have come to his his Majefty. Majefty by the gift or devife of, or by defeent or otherwife from Such copy-any of his anceftors, or any other perfon not being Kings or hole! or kafe-Queens of this reaTm,'^wbETtTer the fame have been furrendered J?.° fo^ur0™* or afligned to his Majefty, or .to any perfon or perfons in truft chafed, &c. for his Majefty (hall be,.aoti. the- fame are hereby vefted in (hall be vefted Jams earl of Cardigan, his heirs,„executors, and adminiftrators,in s»rl according to the tenure of fuch manors, lands, tenements, and ^nftru^d,and hereditaments refpe&ively in truft neverthelefs, for his Majefty; fuch as (hall and that all fuch copyhold or cuftomary, and leafehold lands, be purchafed, tenements, and hereditaments refpc&ively, as (hall be purchafed &c*ftjallbe in manner aforefaid by his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, ortruftee^ashit (ball come to his Majefty, his heirs or fuccelTors, by the gift or Majefty (hall devife of, or by defeent or otherwife from any of his or their appoint, anceftors, or any other perfons not being Kings or Queens of this realm, (hall be vefted in fome truftee or truftces for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, from time to time, to be re-fpectively named or appointed by inftrument in writing under the fign manual of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors re-fpe&ively; and the faid James earl of Cardigan^ and fuch other Truftces to truftee or truftees as aforefaid, fhall be duly admitted to fuch t* admitted copyhold or cuftomary lands, tenements, or hereditaments as to the nnds aforefaid, by the lords or ladies of the manor or manors of which according to the fame (hail be hoJden according to the nature of the eftate	0

therein, on payment of fuch fines, and fubject to fuch rents, therein, and fervices, and cuftoms, as of right fhall be due and accuftomed in (hall be deem-refpett thereof* and the faid James earl of Cardigan and fuch *dthe tenant*.

T> D D 2	iQKl*£)C

Grants alrea * dy made by his Majefty not to be defeated by this aft.

His Maiefty, his heirs and fucceflors, may fell or deviie Aich eftates as his Maielty’s fub-jedts may like eftates belonging to them.

Truftees (hall convey fuch eftates as his Majefty, &c. Jhall direct.

Provifions for conveyance of truft eftates by infants ihall extend to truftees for bis Majefty,

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 88. [1800.

other truftee or truflees as aforefaid (hall be deemed, as in rrfpeft of the lords or ladies of fuch manors refpedively, and all other perfons whatfoever to be the true and only tenants of fuch copyhold or enftoraary lands, tenements, and hereditaments refpe&ively, fo that no lord or lady of any manor, nor any other perfon or perfons, (hall be prejudiced thereby.

III. Provided always. That nothing herein contained (ball extend to defeat or impeach any grant or difpofition which hath been already made by his Majefty, or by his dire&ioo* of any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments fo pur-chafed by his Majefty as aforefaid, and conveyed, furrendered, or aflured to or in truft for his Majefty, but aft fuch grants and difpofttions refpedively fhall be valid and effeftual to all intents and ptirpofes, as the fame would have been if they had been made after the pafling of, or were conformable to the provifioni in this a<S contained.

JV. And be it further enaf&ed That notwithftanding anything in the faid recited adds contained, or any other ftatutc, law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary, it (hall be lawful for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, from time to time, by any inftrument under his and their royal ftgn manual, attefted by two or more witnefles, or by his and their laft will and teftamene in writing, or any writing in the nature of a laft will cr teftament, to be (igned and publifhed by his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors refpeedively, in the prefence of and to be attefted by three or more witnefles, at his and- their free will and pleafure, to grant, fell, give, or devife all and every or any of the manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments fo purchafed or to be pur-chafed by, or which have or (hall fo come to his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors as aforefaid, whether of freehold or copyhold or cuftomary or Icafehold tenure, and whether conveyed or aflured to, or other wife vetted in his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or to or in any perfon or perfons in truft for his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors as aforefaid, unto any perfon or perfons, for any eftate or eftates, or for any intents or purpofes, his Majefty, bis heirs or fucceflors refpedlively (hall think (it,as any of his MajeiVs fubjetfs may grant, fell, give or devife any die like manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments refpedively, belonging to fuch fubjeds refpedively, by their refpeftivc deeds or other inftruments, or laft wills and teftaments refpedivefy; and all and every perfon and perfons who (hall be feized of pofleffed of, or entitled to any fuch manors, meffuages, laok tenements, or hereditaments refpedively, or any eftate or interd therein refpedively, in truft for his Majefty, his heirs or foe-ccflors refpedively (hall convey, furrender, affign, or otherwix affure the fame, in fuch manner, as his Majefty, his heirs tf fucceflors, under his or their royal fign manual refpedively to be attefted as aforefaid, (hall dired *, and all and every of tlx provifions made by law for the conveyance of truft eftates by infants, idiots, and Junaticks, (hall extend to fuch perfons u art or (hall be a truftee or truftees for his Majefty, his heirs aod

Cue*

1C0

, fucci

turn

the

V

nil!, M, lane iifp thin 1 ire: fcci efts dilj •n as bee coi 11 me

hi'

to

fa-

il)

th

w1

V

tr

fr

di

P2

th

<r,

lo

he

ce

hi

or

«$

Cj;

fit;

or





1

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo G&orgiiIII. c. 88.	.	771

fucceflbrs refpeftively, and fuch truft eftates (hall be conveyed, furrendered, and affured by fuch infants, idiots, and lunaticks, or the committees of fuch idiots or lunaticks accordingly.

V.	And be it further enafted, That if no difpofition by grant,

will, or otherwife, (hall be made in purfilance of this a ft by his ^ate° be Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, of any fuch manors, mefluages, made by his lands, tenements, and hereditaments as aforefaid, or if any Majefty, or a difpofition which (hall be fo made (hall not exhauft the whole difpofition be eftate or intcreft of his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs refpeftively ftall^ot exin the fame, then and in every fuch cafe, all fuch manors, hauft the mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whereof no whole, eftate fuch difpofition (hall be made as aforefaid, or fo much of the eftate and intereft therein refpeftively as (hall not have been fo *8 if this aSt difpofed of, (hall defeend and go in fuch and the fame manner, had not been •n the demife of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs refpeftively, made, fubjeft as the fame would have defeended and gone if this aft had not to certain pro-been made, fubjeft nevercheJefs to the provifions herein-after VI on8‘ contained, as to fo much thereof as (hall be perfonal eftate of his Majefty and his fucceflbrs ; and all and every of fuch manors, ^icbfhall fo mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, being of free- defeend ftiall hold tenure in fee fimple, which (hall fo defeend on the demife of be fubjeft to his Majefty, or any King or Queen of this realm, (hall be fubjeft the reftriftions to all the reftriftions in the faid recited' afts contained, in the recitc<i fame manner as the fame would have been fubjeft thereto if this a aft had not been made.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That all and every of fuch

manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, Whe- Maje/tJTor in ther of freehold, or copyhold or cuftomary, or leafehold tenure, truftecs (hall which (hall be fo as aforefaid from time to time vefted in his befubjeftto Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, or in any perfon or perfons in all taxes, truft for his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs refpeftively, (hall from time to time be fubjeft and liable to all fuch taxes, rates, duties, afleflments, and other impofitions, parliamentary and parochial, as the fame would have been fubjeft and liable to if the fame had been the property of any fubjeft of this realm; and all fuch rates, taxes, afleflments, and impofitions (hall, fo long as the faid manors, jnefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments (hall be vefted in his Majefty, his heirs or fuc-ceflors, or in any perfon or perfons in truft for his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs as aforefaid, be afeertained, rated, aflefled, or impofed thereon, in the fame manner and form, in all refpefts, as if the fame manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments refpeftively were the abfolute and benefiefial eftate of any of his Majefty’s fubjefts; but nevertnelefs fuch rates, taxes, afleflments, and impofitions, fhall be paid and payable in the manner herein-after direfted, and not otherwife.

VII.	And be it further enafted. That fo long as any fuch Taxes, &c. manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments (ball be

or remain vefted in his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, or in be^Ud^out erf any truftee or truftees for his Majefty, his heirs or fucceflbrs the privy as aforefaid, freed and discharged from the provifions and re-purfe.

a d d 3	ftriftions	T

^iOOQ !

Anno regnt quadragefimo Georgii III, c. 88. [1800.

ftri£tions in the faid recited afh refpeflively, all taxes, ratea duties, afleffinents, impofitions, rents, and oiher annual payments, fines, and other outgoings, which {hall from time to time be charged and chargeable upon, or be or become due and payable in refpedt to all fuch manors, meiluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments refpeclivejy, (hall be paid and dif-charged out of the privy purfe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceifors refpedlively, and accounts thereof {hall from time to time be returned to the perfon or per fans for the time being executing the office of his Majelly’s privy purfe, or his or their deputy, who fhall, by and out of any monies in his or their hands applicable for the ufe of his Majefty, pay and difeharge the fame.

VIII.	fond whereas by the law of England the Queen confort, wife of the King, is capable f taking, granting, or difpojtng ofprofertj as if foe were a feme foie 5 but doubts may arife kwfar thts capacity 0f granting or difpojing of property extends, and specially whether, during the life of the King her bufhand, it includes the power sf devifmg and bequeathing by laft will and ujlament: and whereas hit Majejly is difir ous that her majejly Queen Char lot t<, his Majtftfs royal confort, during his Majejly's life, foould have full and complete power, as well by her laji will and tefiament as by deed, to front, alien, and difpofe of any manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, and hereditaments, which have been pur chafed by or in truft for or otherwife vejlcd in her Majejly, or,which fhall hereafter hi fur-chafed by or in truft for or foall be otherwife vefled in or in trvftfn her Majejly, under and by virtue of any deed, gift, will\ or otberwift, except as herein after is mentioned, and of any goods and chattels, whether real or perfonal, and perfonal eftate of what kind foever, he-longing to her Majefty, in the fame manner as her Majefty mifotJtjpsIt thereof iffhe were foie and unmarried: and it may be convenient that tk like power foould be fecured to every Queen confort of this realm for tlx Her Majefty, time being : now therefore be it further ena&ed, That it mail be

veft in her Majefty or in Iruft for her, and may beoueath all fuch chattels and perfonal eftate, at if

18a

tefta

pcrfu

pert

ihal

jointTive^of	^or	^}er	^Iajefty,	at	aPy	time	or	times	during	thej-^t

theirMajefties, ^vcs °f their Majefties, by deed 'under her hand and tea!, to he by deed, or by executed in the	prefence	of and attefted	by	two or	more wit-

__.tii______. _ a'. '	„ i_ ** i_____1. a __rn ^ _ j »./i__________••	 • •

will, may dif- neffes, or by her laft will and teftament in writing, or any

^or8°&c*a* writing in the nature of a laft will and teftament, to be llgned and purchafed by publifhed by her in the prefence of and attefted by three or more or in trultfojr, witnefTes, to grant, give, alien, difpofe of, convey, or efevife any or that may manors, mefTauges, lands, tenements, and hereditaments whch have at any time heretofore been purchafed, or which Mat any time hereafter be purchafed by or in truft tor her Majefty, or which (hall “hereafter come to or devolve upon or veft in her Majefty, or any perfon or perfons in truft for her, for anv eftate of inheritance or freehold, or for any copyhold or cufWiry eftate under or by virtue of any deed, gilt, will, or otherwife, (he were foie$ for all or any part of fuch eftate, right, and*intereft, as her Majefty, or fuch perfon or perfons in truft for her, now hath or ha\*e, or (hall or may have in any fuch manors, raeffuages, lands, tenements, and hereeitaments, and alfo by her laft will and

teftament

coul

>

Qui

Vis

or

con

nr'

«;

cot

hr

by

fX

cf

fo

fu

t

f

I

i

t

6

r

J

t

(

i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 88.	773

teftament in writing to give and bequeath all fuch chattels and perfonal eftate whatfoever as aforefaid, unto any perfon or perfons, and for any intents and purpofes, and in any manner fhe (hall think fit, as fully and effectually, in all refpe&s, as fhe could or might grant, convey, alien, difpofe of, give, devife, or bequeath the fame if (he were foie and unmarried.

XI.	And be it further enaclcd, That it (hall be lawful for any Queen for the time being of this realm, being the confort	reafm1 during*

his Majefty, or any of his fucceflors, in like manner, at any time joint lives or times during the joint lives of the King and fuch Queen of the King confort for the time being, by deed under her hand and fcal, jnd fuch or by her laft will and teftament in writing to be refpecTively ^t^n,con~ executed, figned, publifhed, and attefted as aforefaid, to grant, convey, alien, difpofe of, give or devife, any manors, mefluages, •	j

lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which (hall be purchafed by or in truft for her, or which (hall come to or devolve upon or veft in her, or any perfon or perfons in truft for her, for any eftate of inheritance or freehold, or any copyhold or cuftomary eftate, under and by virtue of any deed, gift, will, or otherwife, for all or any part of fuch eftate, right, and intereft as (he, or fuch perfon or perfons in truft for her, (hall have in any fuch manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments; and alfo by her laft will and teftament in writing to give and bequeath . all fuch her chattels, whether real or perfonal, and perfonal eftate whatofever, to any perfon or perfons, and for any intents and purpofes (he fhall think fit, as fully and effectually, in all refpe&s, as if (he were foie and unmarried: provided always, A& not to That nothing in this aCfc contained (hall	extend to enable her enable her

Majefty, or any Queen confort of this	realm, to make any	confort

grant, conveyance, or difpofition of any palace, or capital Son houfe, gardens, lands, or hereditaments belonging to his any pilace, Majefty, or any of his fucceflors, in right of the crown, which &c. belonging now are or hereafter (hall be veiled in her Majefty, or in an7 hTo^the fuch Queen confort, for her life, as and for her jointure or other- crown verted wife, under any letters patent of his Majefty, or any of his fuc* in her for life, ceffors, or by a£t of parliament, or ro make any grant, conveyance, or difpofition, which her Majefty and fuch Queen confort could not make if foie and unmarried.

X. And- whereas it is his Afajcfly's mo ft	gracious defire that all

fuch perfonal eftate and effects as his Majefty	Jhall be pojjejfed of or

entitled to at the time of his demife, and over which he Jhall have the full and abfolute power of difpofition by his laft will and teftament, fbould be fubjefl and liable to the payment of all fuch debts of his Majefty as JhaU, during his lifetime, be properly payable out of his privy purfe: and whereas it is reafonable that allfuch perfonal eftate and effects as any of his Majefty's fucceffors, Kings or Queens of this realm, jhall be pojfejfed or entitled to in like manner, jhould aljo be fubjeft and liable to the like charge ; and it is expedient to fix and regulate what perfonal eftate and ejfefls of his Majefty and his fuc~ ceffors are fubjefi to- fuch leftamentary difpofition, and in what form ftuh difpofition Jhall be made; now therefore be it further ena&ed

P d p 4	and

■	 CjjOOQIC

774 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 88. [iBoo.

Monlc* for and declared, That all fuch perfonal eftate of his Majefty and theprivy his fuccefibrs refpeftively, as (hall confift of monies which may appropriated be iflued or applied for the ufe of his or their privy purfc, or to any publick monies not appropriated to any publick fervice, or goods, fervice, or chattels, or effefts which have not or {hall not come to his effe6*8 which Majefty, or (hall not come to his fucceflors refpeftively, with or fohioMata^ *n riSht ^e crown of this realm, (hall he deemed and taken to or to his be perfonal eftate and effefts of his Majefty and his fuccefibrs I fucceffors, in refpeftively, fubjeft to difpofition by laft will and teftament; and right of the	that fuch laft will and teftamcnt (hall be in writing, under the

bc°deemed	manual of his Majefty and his fuccefibrs refpeftively, or

perfonsleftate, otherwife (hall not fee valid; and that all and fingularthe perfonal and fubjeft to eftate and effefts whereof or whereto his Majefty or any of his difpofition by fuccefibrs (hall be poflefied or entitled at the time of his and their and fhall'be1^ r.e0?e(^ve demifes, fubjeft to fuch teftamentary difpofition as liable to all aforefaid, (hall be liable to the payment of all fuch debts asfhall debts payable be properly payable out of his or their privy purfe, and that, outoftheprxvy fubjeft thereto, the fame perfonal eftate and effeftsof his Majefty ‘	and his fuccefibrs refpeftively, or fo much thereof refpeftively as 1

(hall not be given or bequeathed, or difpofed of as aforefaid, mall go in fuch and the fame manner on the demife of his Majefiv and his fuccefibrs refpeftively, as the fame would have gone if this aft had not been made.

Any will	XI. And be it further enabled, That any ipftrumentin writ*

made by his ing made and .executed by his Majefty before the pafling of this

th^d? n'tf6 a<ft»

as and for his laft will and teftament, or a codicil thereto thi8^Vnto°be *n manner .and form herein-before provided, rtiall be as effeftual valid. * to difpofe of the property real or perfonal intended to be difpofed of thereby, as if the fame had been made after the paffingof this aft.

XII.	And whereas divers lands, tenement$, and hereditaments havs become and may hereafter become vefted in his Majefty, his heirs end fuccejfirs, by efeheat or otherwife, in right of the crown, whlth it the hands of any of his Majefty s fubjefts would be chargeable with certain trujts, or applicable to certain purpofes, and his Majcjl), bis heirs or Juccejfors, may be deftrous that the fame Jhould bt applied accordingly, notwithftanding any right which he or they may have it hold the fame difeharged from fuch trufts, or without applying the Jam to fuch purpofes; but by reafon of the proviftons contained in the foil atIs of the JirJl year of her fatd late Majefty Sjveen Anne, and tbi thirty fourth year oj his Majeftys reign, doubts maybe raifed whetbtr his Majeftyi his heirs or [uccejfors, can dir eft fuch application thereof; and whereas divers lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as well fru• hold as copyhold, have efeheated and may efeheat to bis Mciefly, bis heirs or /uccejfors, for want of heirs of the perfons laft feifed tbcrtsf or entitled thereto, or by reafon of fame forfeiture, or otberwifi, although not forfeitedfor treafon orfelony; and it is Expedient to mbit his Majefty to dir eft the execution of any fuch trufts or purpofes as aforefaid, and to make any grants of any fuch manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments as aforefaid, notwit hftanding the provifms coniaind in the faid recited afts; be it enafted That it (hll be lawful for

his

 v^ooQle

i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo GEORGii III. c. 89.	775

his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, by warrant under his or their fign manual, to dire<5l the execution of any trufts or pur- f^ctif^rsT pofcs to which any manors, mefiuages, lands, tenements, or ^ay ci;rea the hereditaments, which have efcheated or {hall cfcheat to his execution of Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, {hall have been liable at the time any^u.^s*to the fame fo efcheated refpe&ively, or would have been liable in ^oTninlr S the hands of any of his Majefty’s fubjeds, and to make any vtited in them grants of fuch manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments in right of the refpe&ively to any truftee or truftees, or other wife, for the crown would execution of fuch trufts, and to make any grants of any lands, irftlie tenements, or hereditaments which have efcheated or (liaH iands 0f fub-efeheat as aforefaid, to any perfon or perfons, either for thejefts, &c. purpofe of reftoring the fame to any of the family of the perfon or perfons whofe eftates the fame had been, or cf rewarding any perfons or perfon making difeovery of any fuch efeheat, as to his Majefty, his heirs or fuceeffors refpe&ivcly, (hall feem fit ;

' any thing in the faid acte, or any of them, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LXXXIX.

Art ail for the better preventing the embezzlement of his Majefly's naval, ordnance, andviiluallingjlores.—[July 28, iSoo.j

WHEREAS by an ail of parliament made and paffed in the Preamble.

twenty fecond year of the reign of King Charles the Second, 44 Car. %, intituled\ An for taking away the benefit of clergy from fuch c* as fteal ploth from the rack, and from fuch as (hall fteal or embezzle his Majefty’s ammunition and ftores, it is amongjl other things enabled) That no perfon or perfons who Jhall fclonioujly Jieal or embezzle any of his Majcjly' fails, cordage, or any other his Majefty's naval ftores, to the value of twenty fallings, and be thereupon found guilty in manner therein mentioned, Jhall be admitted to have the benefit of his or their clergy, but utterly be excluded thereof, and Jhall fujfer death in fuch manner and form as they Jhould if they were no clerks : and whereas by an ail of parliament made and paJJ'ed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled. An aft 9 and ro Gut, for the better preventing the embezzlement of his Majefty’s ftores 3* c* 4** of war, and preventing cheats, frauds, and abufes in paying feamen’s wages, a penalty of two hundred pounds, with cofts of profecution, is infliiled upon perfons in whofe cujlody, pojfejfion, or keeping, Jhall be' found, i or who Jhall conceal contrary to the faii ail any warlike, naval, or ordnance ftores, marked in fuch manner as therein mentioned: and whereas by an other ail of parliament made and paffed in the ninth year of the reign of King George the Firft, intituled. An ad for continuing fome laws and reviving 9 others therein mentioned, for exempting apothecaries from ferv-,C* ‘ an<* ing parifti and ward offices and upon juries, and relating to jurors, and to the payment of feamen’s wages, and the preferva-tion of naval ftores and ftores of warr and concerning the militia and trophy money, and againft clandeftine running of un-cuftomed goods, and for more effedual preventing frauds relating

 

776	Anno	regni quadragefimo Georgu III. c. 89. [1800.

to the cuftorm, and frauds in mixing filfcs with fluffs to be exported, it is enaded, That if any perfon or perfons /hall be lawfully convided of having in his, her, or their cufody, or of concealing any timber, thick fluffs or plank, marked with the broad arrow, byfamp, brand, or other wife, every fuch perfon fhall fuffer,forfeit, and pay as for having, keepings or concealing any other warlike, naval, orordnAnct jhres, contrary to the faid aft of the ninth and tenth years of King William the Third; and by the faid laji-recited aSl poweris given totbe judge, jujiice or jujlices before whom any offender fhall be convided if any of the crimes or offences before recited, to mitigate the penalty for the fame as he or they fhall fee caufe, or to punifh fuch offender corfo* rally, by caufing him, her, or them to be publichly whipt or committed to fome publick workhoufe, there to be kept to hard labourfor the fpaie of fix months, or a Iffs time, as to fuch judge, jufice or jujlices, in his or their diferetion fall feem meet: and whereas by an another til of parliament, made and paffed in the feventeenth year of the reign of cf 40* recited George ^-e Second, intituled, An act to continue the feveral * 'laws therein mentioned, for preventing theft and rapine on the northern borders of England., for the more effe&ual punching wicked and evil-difpofed perfons going armed in difguife,and doing injuries and violences to the perfons and properties of his Majefty’s fubje&s, and for the more fpeedy bringing the offenders to juftice j for continuing two cl a ufes to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river or fea bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop binds, and for the more effectual punifhment of perfons malicioufly letting on fire any mine, pit, or delph of coal or cannel coal; and of perfons unlawfully hunting, or taking any red or fallow deer in forefts or chaces, or beating or wounding the keepers or other officers in forefts, chaces, or parks; and for granting a liberty to carry fugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of bis Majefty’s fugar colonies in America, from the faid colonics diredlv to foreign parts in (hips built in Great Britain, and na-vi gated according to law; and to explain twoafts relating to the profecution of offenders for embezzling naval ftores or ftores of war; and to prevent the retailing of wine within cither of the univerfities in that part of Great Britain called England, without licence; it is amongjl other things declared and enabled. That it Jball and may be lawful to and for any judge, jujiice or jujlices at the affixes, orjujlices of the peace at the general quarterfeffions to be holden as therein mentioned, to hear, try, and determine, by indictment or otberwife, oil or any of the crimes or offences mentioned in the therein and herein recited ads of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King William the Third\ and the ninth year of the reign of King George the Firfl j and that the faidjudge, jujiice or jujlices of affize, or jujlices of the pew, may impofe any fine not exceeding the fumoftwo hundred pounds on fuch offender or offenders, and may mitigate the faid penalty and forfeitures infilled by the faid recited ads Or either of them, or in lieu thtre&f punifh fuch offender or offenders in the premifes corporally, by caufing him, her, or them to be publickly whipt and committed to fome boufe tf correction or publick workhoufe^ then to be kept to hard labour for the '	fact

ll

h

6J

in.

k

!t

k

• tic

lei

2(1

2f

fc

P'.

til

w

fc

(I

c

0

a

e

a

n

0

1

t

<

777

r4

5: :i



;-i

.7. i: -:? ; ;r; ’*

v^:

*;£J|

}; fat

s

:;! cl ^ tv>' :?-f

:***

r- **

’:’V

e.'.*

...-•?

■ ?■ i;::

rAv

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 89.

Jpace of three months ^ or left time, as to fuch judge, jujltce, *r jujlices of affize, or jujlices of the peace, Jkall in his or their dijeretion feent meet: and whereas notwith[landing the penalties and punijhments tnfiiBed Ijy the fa id recited acts, the Jl talers, embezzler s, and receivers Of his Majejly's warlike and naval ordnance and victualling Jlores have greatly increafed, fo that it is become neccffary to make fome further and more effectual provifion for preventing their wicked practices in future: be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame* That, from and Every perfo* after the pafling of this adi, every perfon or perfons, (fuch per- (not b^n8a fon or perfons not being a contractor or contractors, or cm- whortiall ployed as in the faid recited adt of the ninth and tenth years of fcll or receive the reign of King Jfilliam the Third is mentioned), who fttaJJ anyitoresof willingly or knowingly fell or deliver, or caufe or procure to be wJr,^c:1 or fold or delivered, to any perfon or perfons whomfoever, or who	^all

(hall willingly or knowingly receive or have in his, her, or their be traniported cuftody, pofleflion, or keeping, any ftores of war, or naval, for 14 years, ordnance, or victualling (lores, or any goods whatfoever marked unlefs he P£°* as in the faid recited acts are expreffed, or any canvas marked triafa certU either with a blue ftreak in the middle, or with a blue ftreak in ficatefromthe a Terpentine form, or any bewper, otherwife called Buntin, navy board* wrought with one or more breaks of raifed tape, (the faid ftores of war, or naval, ordnance, or victualling ftores or goods above mentioned, or any of them, being in a raw or unconverted ftate, or being new or not more than one-third worn), and fuch perfon or perfons who (hall conceal fuch ftores or goods, or any of them, marked as aforefaid, (hall be deemed receivers of ftolen goods knowing them to have been ftolen, and (hall, on being convicted thereof in due form of law, be tranfported beyond the feas for the term of fourteen years, in like manner as other receivers of ftolen goods are directed to be tranfported by the laws and ftatutes of this realm, unlefs fuch perfon or perfons (hall upon his, her, or their trial, produce a certificate under the hands of three or more of his Majefty’s principal officers or	?

commiflioners of the navy, ordnance, or viftualling, exprefling the numbers, quantities, or weights of fuch ftores or goods, as he, (he, or they (hall then be indidted for, and the occafion and reafon of fuch ftores or goods coming to his, her, or their hands or pofleflion.

II. And be it further enadied by the authority aforefaid. That Perfons in fuch perfon or perfons (not being a contractor or contradtors, or employed as aforefaid), in whofe cuftody, poflefiion, or keeping f/und canvas any of the faid ftores called Canvas, marked with a blue ftreak Qr bunting in a Terpentine form, or bewper, otherwife called Buntin, wrought marked as as above-mentioned, (hall be found, (fuch canvas or bewper, otherwife called Buntin, not bein°; charged to be new, or not being charged more than one-third worn), and all and every perfon and perfons to be new, or who fhall be convicted of any offence contrary to fo much of the not more than faid recited adl of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King	-	.

7	/»CTWOrn>’“d



perfons who (hall be convicted of any offence contrary to fo much of the recited aft of

the forfeiture thereby iiu-poftd, iuher corporal pu-nilhment.

Penalty may be mitigated.

Nothing herein or in recited aft of o and 10

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 89. [1800. William the Third, as relates to the making, or the having in pofleffion or concealing any of his Majefty’s warlike, or naval, or ordnance ftores, marked as therein fpecified, (hall, befides forfeiting fuch ftores and the fum of two hundred pounds, together with cofls of fuit as therein mentioned, be corporally pu-^and^io^Gid n*^iec* hy piH°ry* whipping, and imprifonment, or by any or 3. as rdates to c*lher °f the faid ways and means in fuch manner and for fach warlikeitorcs, fpnee of time as to the judge or juftices before whom fuch (hail, befides offender or offenders (hall be convicted, (hall feem meet j any thing in the faid lafl-mentioned aft, or in the before-recited ads of the ninth year of King George the Firft, and the fevemeenth year of King George the Second, to the contrary thereof in any-wife notwithftanding : provided always, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch judge or juftices to mitigate the faid penalty of two hundred pounds, as he or they (hall fee caufe.

III.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in this aft, or in the faid recited aft of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King William the Third, contained, (hall extend, or be

feui. 3. to ex- deemed,' taken, or conftrued to extend to exempt from theope-empt con- ration of this aft, or the faid recited aft refpeftively, any perfon traftors, &c. or perfons being a contractor or contractors, or employed as in as conceni f <aic* laft-mentioned aft is mentioned, except only fo far as ftorts which concerns ftores or goods marked as aforefaid, which (hall be hi Ihall not have fide provided, made up, or manufactured by fuch perfon or per-been before fons, & by their order, and which (hall not have been before hfsMaleftv’s delivered *nto his Majefty’s ftore, unlefs having been fo delivered, they fhall have been fold or returned to fuch perfon or perfons by the commiffioners of his Majefty’s navy, ordnance, or victualling refpeftively.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall, from and after the palling of this aft, wilfully and fraudulently deftroy, beat out, take out, cut out, deface, obliterate, or erafe, wholly or in part, any of the

any mark de- marks in the faid aft of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of ^ro^ert^of KinS	the	1 bird, or in this aft mentioned, or any other

his Majeity in mar^ whatfoever, denoting the property of his Majefty, his heirs any ftores, or or fucceffors, in or to any warlike or naval, ordnance or vidual-(hall employ ling ftores, or caufe, procure, employ, or direft any other perfon to clothe Ihallor Per^ons ^ to ^o, *or the purpofe °f concealing his Majefty’s be tranfported ProPerly *n fuch ftores, fuch perfon or perfons (hall be deemed for 14 years* guilty of felony, and (hall, on being convifted thereof, be tranfported to'parts beyond the feas for the term of fourteen years, in like manner as other felons are direfted to be tranfported by the laws and ftatutes of this realm.

his Majefty*8 ftore, unlefs they have been fold or returned by the com mil-doners.

If any perfon (hall deface

If any perfan	V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That

an" Offence an^ P€r^on or Perf°ns who (hall hereafter be convicted of any contrary to offence contrary to this aft, for which he Ihall not have been this aft, for tranfported beyond the feas, or contrary to the faid recited aft of which he Ihall the ninth and tenth years of King William the Third, (ball be tr* farted611 Su^*y a fecond offence, either contrary to that aft or to this ©^contrary *toPatent aft, which would not otherwife, as the firft offence, fob-

j «*

 L,ooQle

i8oo.} Annoregni quadragefimo Georgii III. e. 89.	779

je<S him, her, or them, to tranfportation, and (hall be thereof the recited ad legally convicted, fuch perfon or perfons fhall, by judgement of the court wherein he, (be, or they fhall be fo convidted, be ^ convidted tranfported to parts beyond the Teas for the term of fourteen of a fecond years, in like maqner as other offenders maybe tranfported by office, which the laws and ftatutes of this realm now in force.	^ou'd'10(t,.as

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That j[ilTJ to -if any perfon or perfons tranfported in purfuance of this act fhairtranfporta-return into any part of Great Britain or Ireland before the end or tion. he (hall expiration of the term for which he or (lie (hall have been fo j;^tranfportcd tranfported, every fuch perfon or perfons fo returning fhall fuffer ** 14

as felons, and (hall have execution awarded againft him, her, or

them, as perfons attainted of felony without benefit of clergy. fj,nll return

VII. Provided always, and be it further enabled by the au- before the ex-thority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the P*ration of hi# court before whom any offender or offenders fhall be indidfed	* and convi&ed of all or any of the crimes or offences herein-before feion without mentioned to be punifhable with tranfportation, to mitigate or benefit of commute fuch punifbment, by caufing the offender or offenders chvgy.

to be fet on the pillory, publickly whipt, fined or imprifoned, or The court by all or any one or more of the faid ways' and means, as fuch court in its diferetion (hall think fit •, one moiety of which fine, ment'oftranf-(if any impofed), fhall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, portation, by and the other moiety thereof to the informer, and alfo to order pillory, whip-fuch offender , or offenders to be imprifoned until fuch fine be : ?ne> or paid; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof .°n* in anywife notwithftanding.	application of

VIII.	And whereas the ejlablijhing hy law a certain reward to the fines.

difeoverers of perfons guilty of flealing or embezzling any of his Ma~	^

jejlfs naval, ordnance, or victualling jlores, or of any of the crimes

or offences mentioned in the faid recited ad of the ninth and tenth years of King William the Third, or in this aCl, might tend greatly to the detection of fuch offenders; be it therefore enadfed by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the paffing of this ad!, if any If any perfon perfon or perfons fhall difeover to his Majefty’s principal officers (hall difeover or commiffioners of the navy, ordnance, or victualling, for the ^yor time being, or apprehend, or firft inform againft any offender or apprehend any offenders who fhall have been guilty of dealing or embezzling offender guilty his Majefty’s ftores of war, or naval, ordnance, or vi&uaUing of dealing or ftores, or of any of the offences mentioned in the faid recited a <5 of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King William the it ores,* or of* Third, or in this prefent ad! herein-before mentioned, which any offence fhall not be profecuted in the fiunmary way herein-after pre- againit recited feribed, fo as fuch offender or offenders be convi&ed thereof* ^9 alM*or fuch difeoverer or difeoverers, apprehenders or informers, fhall Df ^ have and receive a reward for fuch his, her, or their difeovery, whichfhallnot or for fo apprehending or firft informing as aforefaid, the fum of be profecuted twenty .pounds for every fuch offence fo difeovered, over and J”aa above any (hare of penalty or fine which he, (he, or they may be ^nconvi&ion* entitled to as the informer or informers ; fo as fuch (hare of receive a re-penalty or fin* do not amount to more than the fum of twenty ward of aoL

(8©?fevcrhl8lharc



780 Anno rcgni quadragefimo Georgii III c 89. [i8oo#

of penalty, if pounds, or (if amounting to more than that fum) (hall fail to be	j

thatfum than Pal<* t^e °^cn^er or offenders upon whom the fame {hall be	{

a um* infli&ed for the fpace of three calendar months next afterhis, bei1,	j

or their convi&ion; provided fuch offender or offenders (hall not be detained in purfuance of any fenrence of imprifonment, and if fo detained, fuch (hare of penalty or fine (hall fail to be paid within three calendar months next after the expiration of fuch fentence of imprifonment.

If any difpute IX. Provided always, and be it further enabled, Tlr< if any

difpute (hall arife between or among any perfons who (hall have	1

tide toMTuch difeovered, apprehended, or informed againft any offender or	]

reward, it offenders as to their title to the faid reward of twenty pounds,	j

fhall be deter- ftich difpute (hall be determined by any one or more of thecom-mmed by any mj(fi0ners either of his Majefty’s navy, ordnance, or victualling,	1

iniffionerTof 25 °®5nce may have elated to their departments refpeffively, the navy, See, upon the oaths of the claimants, to be taken in writing either before fuch commiflioner or before one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, (which oaths the faid commiflioner or jufticc is hereby authorised to adminifter), and what'locver decifion or adjudication (hall be made by fuch commiflioner, touching the ! premifes, (hall be final between the parties.	■

Reward (hall X. And be it further enacted bv the authority aforefaid, That J be paid on the principal officers and commiflioners of his Majefty's navy,	1

from^the^of* ordnance, or victualling, as the cafe may require, (hall caufethe	|

ficer of the	reward of twenty pounds to be paid by the treafurer of the |

court where navy or ordnance refpedtively for the time being, but of any pub-the offender lick money in his hands, upon producing to them a certificate, for'wMcM^e uni*er hand	c	er^ a^,ze» or deputy, or other

may charge 5s. prop^ officer of the court before whom fuch offender or offenders fiiall be tried, certifying the conviction of the offender or offenders, and that the informer’s (hare of any penalty or fine inflicted upon fuch offender or offenders doth not amount to more than theiuffl of twenty pounds, or if amounting to more, hath failed to be paid by fuch offender or offenders for the fpace of three months next after his or their conviction; unlefs fuch offender or offenders (hall then be detained in purfuance of any fentence of im- \ prifbnment, and then for the fpace of three months next after the expiration of fuch fentence ; which certificate the faid clerk of aflize or other proper officer is hereby required to give, and for which he fhall charge the fum of five millings, and no more; and the money paid by any fuch treafurer on account of fuch rewards, (hall be allowed in his accounts, and he fhall be difeharged thereof accordingly; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary *	thereof iq anywile notwithftanding.

XI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Anycommif- That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any commiflioner of fionerofthe the navy, ordnance, or victualling, for the time being, (who, anv^'uftice^f ^or !^c PurP°^es herein-after mentioned, is hereby aurhorifed to the peace may a& *n every refpedt as if he had been named as a juftice of the grant war*	peace in the commiflion of the peace for the county, divifion,

tants tor	city, town corporate, liberty, or place in which he dull be refi*

dent,



i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 89.	781

dent, or into which his warrant (hall be iflued), or any juftice fearching of the peace for any county, divifion, city, town corporate, ^ereoathi» liberty, or place, within this kingdom, upon the oath of one or that more credible perfon or perfons, that there is reafon or caufe to there is reafon fufpe& that any navy, ordnance, or victualling ftores, or goods tofufpeft belonging to his Majefty, his heirs or fucccfTors, are concealed !^or^ ^*or1g* in any dwelling houfe, warehoule, work (hop, ourlioufe, yard,]y^jefty are garden or other place, or on board any fiiip, veflel, barge, boat, concealed, or other craft, by warrant under his hand and flal, to caufe every fuch dwelling houfe, warchoufc, workfhop, outhoufe, yard, garden, or place, (hip, veflel, barge, boat, or other craft, in what-foever county, divifion, city, town corporate, liberty, or place, the fame or any of them (hall be, (in cafe fuch warrant (hall be granted by a commiflioner as aforefaid), to be fearcbed, in the day-time, by any police officer, conftable, headborough, or other peace officer, either of the county, divifion, city, town corporate, liberty, or place, in which the premifes, fhip, veil'd, ^an7^ore# barge, boat, or other craft (hall be, or in which the commiflioner marked as granting fuch warrant (if granted by a commiflioner) (hall then herein-before, refide; and in cafe any ftores or goods marked as herein-before, or in the re-or in the faid recited a<ft of the ninth and tenth years of King Clt<jd a<ft of 9 William the Third is mentioned, (hall upon fuch fearch be found, a?ementioned to caufe the fame, and the offender or offenders, to be brought fliall be found, before fuch commiflioner or juftice of the peace, who is hereby the offender required to commit or bind over, or otherwife to deal with fuch ** offender or offenders according to law, for fuch his or their offence; and that in cafe, upon any fuch fearch, or upon any and if upon feizure whatfoever of ftores, or goods, marked as aforefaid, any fuch fearch, naval, ordnance, or vi&ualling ftores, not (a marked as aforefaid, °£ any feizure (hall be found, which may reafonably be fufpecled to belong to goodTmarked his Majefty, the party or parties in whofe pofleflion or keeping Is aforefaid, the fame (hall be found, (hall be required to give to the commif- anynotnmk-fioner, or juftice of the peace refpe&ively before whom the faid ^	*

ftores or goods (hall and maybe brought, an account, to the pQe^e(J fatisfadion of fuch commiflioner or juftice, that the fame were long to his not embezzled or ftolen from any of his Majefly’s /hips or veflels, Majefty, and yards, ftorehoufes, or other places, or that if the fame were cm.tlle p;rtyfliall bezzled or ftolen, the fame had come to the pofleflion of the faid f^Lfa^orv party or parties honeftly, and without any knowledge or fufpi- account ^ cion that the fame had been embezzled or ftolen, on failure thereof, they whereof by a reafonable time to be fet by fuch commiflioner or	**	-

juftice of the peace, the faid ftores or goods (hall thereupon be-	^/deem-

come forfeited, and fuch party or parties /hall be deemed and ed guilty of a adjudged guilty of a mifd^meanor.	mifdemeanor.

XII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That it (hall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons deputed Perfons deer appointed by the principal officers or commiflioners of the puted by the navy, ordnance, or victualling, or any three of them refpetftively, at any time or times from and after the pafling of this a<ft, to	may

flop, fearch, and detain in fome place of fafety, any barge, boat, tain any craft or other craft, which there (lull be reafon to fufpedt doth con- in which may

,	tajn	be fufpefted

	00^0 be Contained

Anno regrtt quadragefimo Gborgii III. c. 89. [1800.

long to his Majefty, and not l'atisfac-torily accounted for, (hall be for*

guilty of a ttutdeiBcanor.

782

articles tain any naval, ordnance, or victualling (lores, ropes, tackle* Ma^eit^^vef8 aPPare^ furniture, arms, ammunition, materials, and things felsf&c. and ftolen, embezzled, or unlawfully procured from or out of any the parties, of his Majefty’s (hips or veffels, yards, ftot$houfe$, or other who fl\all be places, and alfo to apprehend and detain* or caufe to he appre« cordin'^to law kef)(*ed and detained, any perfon or perfons who may be reafon-refpc6Ung ably fufpeefted of haying or conveying any fuch (lores or other markeditores, things in fuch barge, boat, or craft; and fuch perfon or perfons and thofe not fo apprehended (hall be (as foon as conveniently may be) coa-*^dtedtobe veyec* bef°re any commifiioner of the navy, ordnance, or viclual-pe et o - ]ingfor ific time being, or before one or more juftice or juft ices of the peace for the county, divifion, city, town corporate, liberty, or place in which fuch feizure (hall be made, together with the (lores, ropes, tackle, apparel, furniture, arms, aminu-

__________ nition, materials, and things fo found in fuch beat or other craft;

feited, and the which faid commiffioner or juftice is hereby required to commit party deemed or bind over, or otherwife to deal with fuch perfon or perfons according to law, in refpedl to any of the faid laft mentioned (lores and things which fhall be fo marked as aforefaid j and in refpeft to any of fuch (lores or things which (hall not be fa marked, but which fhall nevcrthelefs be reafonably fufpefledtobf the property of his Majefty, the faid perfon or perfons on whom the fame fhall be found (hall be required to give aa account, to the iatisfadlien of fuch commiffioner or juftice, that the fame were not embezzled or ftolen as aforefaid, or that if they were embezzled or ftolen, the fame had come to his or their poffefo fion hone/lly, and without any knowledge or fufpicion that the fame had been embezzled or ftolen, on failure whereof, by I reafonable time to be fet as aforefaid, the (aid 1 aft-mentioned ftores or things (hall thereupon become forfeited, and the faid perfon or perfons fo apprehended fhall be deemed and adjudged If the perfons guilry of a mifdemeanour j and in cafe the faid perfon or perfons lhall be convicted of dealing, embezzling, or unlawfully hating in his, her, or their pofteffion any of the faid ftores or things which (hall be fo marked as aforefaid, or fhall be adjudged guilty of a mifdemeanour for not giving a fatisfa&ory account as aforefaid, with refpedt to fuch of the faid ftores or things as (hall not

_________be fo marked as aforefaid, fuch barge, boat or other craft in

marked ones, which fuch ftores or things, or any of them fhall be found, with the craft in its tackle, apparel, and furniture, (hall, upon fuch comicfcon or adjudication, become and be adjudged by fuch commiffioner or juftice forfeited,, and (hall be difpoled of in manner hereinafter mentioned.

XIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Perfons fo de- That it (hall and may he lawful to and for any perfon or perfons deputed °* appointed as aforefaid, or any police officer, conlbbk, officer, may headborough, or other peace officer, or any beadle or watchman, apprehend (during fuch time as he (hall be on duty), of every parKh and fh" place where he (hall be an officer, to apprehend and detain, or ing article/7" cau^e to ^ apprehended and detained, all and every perfon and

•800/

be convicted pf Healing marked articles, or adjudged guilty of a nr.ilde-meanor with refpedt to un -

which found fiall be forfeited.

°* apT

‘I'd th:i

and j1:j materia toy be be c victi ^ pea *pb& W ilo foil jr iateff, “not made,

Tjatj '‘tms, Wore '’Iks *erc,

atd ijf

Nib

Peace,

inj 0

0r jul

P'erioi c.iarj 'to b •f>an

“'-uiir

1 nat

Mice

*her

) a

ioien from i^fons who may realbnably be fufpc&cd of having or carrying,

•*a

tor,

■ere

'%e

;>

'Pub

nr



 

i8oo.] Anno regni qjjadragelimo Georgii lit. c. 8gf.	^83

^ ^ or anyways conveying any naval, ordnance, or victualling (lores, his Majefty's

*	ropes, tackle, apparel, furniture, arms, ammunition, materials,	e

and things ftolen or unlawfully procured from or out of arty of ^Jcles* his Majefty's (hips or veflels, yards, ftofehouies, or other places* and convey*

:and alfo to feize and detain in fome place of fafety, fuch (lores, them and the :	materials,	or	things	as laft aforefaid, and as foon as conveniently	^hcfolje

: ’5 may be to convey* or caufe the perfon or perfons fo apprehended thHikepro-;:1 to be conveyed before any commiffioner of the navy, ordnance, ceedinga (hall ; or victualling, or before any one or more juftice orjuftices of be had as with vt the peace for any county, divifion, city, town corporate, liberty,	^

or place in or near to the place of feizure, together with the	craft,

faid ftores and other things; and fuch and the like proceedings :vri lhall and may be had and taken againft the faid perfon or perfons,

;•>* in refpeft of fuch laft mentioned (lores or things, whether marked ".-"3 or not marked, and fuch forfeiture be incurred, and adjudication ■ ^ made, as are above directed with refpe& to (lores found in any . barge, boat, or other craft as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That all and every the (lores, ropes, tackle, apparel, furniture, Articles hete-> arms, ammunition, materials, and things, which afe herein* in declared to v 5 before declared to be forfeited on the party or parties not giving the^ art'es \p to the commiffioner or juftice a fatisfaclory account that the fame g^mg &

_■;> were not embezzled or ftolen as aforefaid, (hall be forthwith fatisfaftory ..0 returned into his Majefty’s (lore, and (hall be applied for the ufe account of ^ and benefit of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, unlefs proof . (ball be made within three calendar months next following fueh b^Majefty’s feizure, to the fatisfaftion of fuch commiffioner or juftice of the ftores, and peace, that the fame ftores and other things are the property of applied for ^ any other perfon or perfons * in which cafe the faid commiffioner

or juftice (hall caufe the fame to be forthwith delivered up to fuch ^thin three perfon or perfons, on his or their giving a proper receipt or dif- months to the 4 charge for the fame, and paying the reafonable cods and charges, contrary.

(to be fet by fuch commiffioner or juftice), attending the con-J, veyance thereof to and from his Majefty’s (lore, and the ware-' houfing or fafe cuftody thereof from the time of the feizure.

XV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

■; That it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch commiffioner of The commif-juftice of the peace refpedlively by whom any barge, boat, or (loner or juf-^ other craft (hall be adjudged to be forfeited in purfuance of this ticc ^ a&, and he is hereby authorifed and required, forthwith after ^adjudgedto ^ fuch adjudication, to iffiie his warrant to the collector or other be forfeited,

*	chief officer of the cuftoms at the port at or neared to the place (hall iffue his

- where fuch feizure (hall be made, for the fale of fuch barge, boat,	to	*

*	or other craft; which faid colleftor or other chief officer, by th* cuftoma virtue thereof lhall, and is hereby authorifed and required, within for the fale

f one month then next following, to caufe fuch barge, boat, or thereof, who other craft, together with its tackle, apparel, and furniture, to caufe it v be publickly fold to the higheft bidder, notice of which fale fhall ^u^ to'be

*	be given in fome or one of the publick papers in circulation in publickly fold, the city, town corporate, or place where fuch fale (hall be made s and the pro-

: and the money arifing from fuch fale, after payment of the rea- du.^f ** Vol. XUl! * Eu	7	fonablepaKl to tb*

7$4 Anno regni quadragefimo Georoii III. c. 89. [1800.

commiffioner fonaye expenccs and charges attending the fame, and of fecuting

1800.

fiicb c

dUrofed of as fuch barge> boat> or. 0ther craft from ?he time °.f	|r

^	^	f	n	f	Ka	ft	m a#1 K ItaftM	A r\ wa «v> « fit ft n ah a#	tif At f*A a( ^nfl	*

herein direft- thereof (to be afeertained by fuch commiffioner or jufticc of the y t cd*	peace)	mall	thereupon	be forthwith paid by fuch collector or ^

other officer of the cuftoms into the hands of fuch comraiflioncr J or juftice of the peace refpeftively, and be by fuch commiffioner S tQ orjuftice within one calendar month then next following paid andk > difpofed of in the manner following; (that is to fay), One moiety thereof to the perfon or perfons (or his or their reprefentatives, if dead) who (hall have made feizure of fuch barge, boat, or other craft, and the other moiety thereof to the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy for the time being (in cafe the (lores feized (hall be naval or vi&ualling ftores) to be by him applied in fuch and the fame manner as the monies arifing from the fale of old ftore in his Majefty’s dock yards now are, or for the time being (ha2 be applicable ; and in cafe the ftores feized (hall be ordnance ftores, then the faid other moiety {hall be paid to the treafurti , of his Majefty’s ordnance for the time being, to be by him ap-: plied in fuch manner, for the ufe of his Majefty, as the mate [ general and principal officers of his Majefty’s ordnance for the J

time being (hall order and dire#.

forty ( ren tor nv XV any 0 foner or q-j; town Hi hichi form, fiiipei to be X1

iTk

XVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforeW, P^fons guilty That every perfon deemed and adjudged guilty of any of the meanors (hall mifdemeanors aforefaid, before any commiffioner or jufticc of forfeit certain the peace as aforefaid, Ihall for every fuch mifdemeaoor forfeit luma which for the firft offence the fum of forty {hillings; for thefccood *®ay be levied offence the fum of five pounds, and for the third and every fub-be a^bed’as* ^ecluent offence the fum of ten pounds, over and above the other Herein direft- forfeitures above mentioned ; all which faid refpe&ive forfeitures ed, and if dif-(hall and may be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods wd trefscannotbe chattels of every fuch offender, (rendering to him or them the ofe^er{hall overP'us> afler the charges of the /aid diftrefs and fale deduced), be committed ty warrant under the hand and feal of fuch commiffioner or jut

\t

A

tl'Pfv

H/,

6on

fluii

lr,9

0)

tQwr

for three months.

tice of the peace, before whom fuch offender was convicted, dire&ed to any conftable or other peace officer of the county, divifion, city, town corporate, liberty or place* and (hall be# pofed of in manner following; (that is to fay), One moiety w the perfon or perfons apprehending fuch offender or offenders, or giving information, as the cafe (hall be, and the other moiety thereof to the treafurer of the navy or ordnance fot ihe time being, as the cafe may require, to be applied as opre mar tioned ; and in cafe the conftable or other peace officer to wixxn fuch warrant {hall be directed, (hall return to fuch commiffioner J

and

Win

on!(

Ifo’d

cuff;

*itlj

2/]r

or jufticc of the peace that the offenders or offender named

'h

N

ki

therein have not or hath not any goods or chattels in his cocmy, ^ cr conftablewick, whereby he can levy the faid penalty, (which return the faid conftable or other peace officer is hereby requW.

in that cafe to make within a reafonable time, to be fet

%

faid commiffioner orjuftice of the peace, and during which dim * the faid offenders or offender (hall be kept in fefe cuffody by the Jj order of fuch commiffioner orjuftice of the peace), then and ® ^

fi10ft





■

. r

.;Z





; v*

■ vl







1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Geo^giI III. c. 8^,	7	#5

fuch cafe the laid commiffioner or juftice (hall, and he is hereby required by warrant under his hand and feal directed, as afore-faid, to caufe fuch offenders or offender to he committed to the common gaol of the county, divifion, city, town corporate, liberty or place, in which fuch ftizure (hall have been made, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of three calendar months, unlefs fuch penalty (hall be fooner paid.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That every adjudication in Adjudication! any of the faid mifdemeanors (hall be certified by the commif- in mifdemean-(ioner or juftice of the peace making the fame, to the next general

or quarter feffions of the peace for the county, divifion, city, nexct reneral town corporate or place in which fuch feizure (hall he made, to or quarter be filed and entered amongft the records of the faid feflion; and feffions, and fuch convitftion (hall not be fet afide or quafhed fur want of bc flna^ . form, nor be liable to be removed by certiorari, advocation, or fufpenfion into any other court, but (hall be deemed and taken to be final to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XVIII.	And whereas it might tend to prevent the commffion of

offences if power were given to the ccmmijfioners of his Mayfly's navy, ordnance, and victualling, and his Ma] cfly’s juftices of the peace out of feffions, to bear and determine offtices in a fummiry way in cafes where the jlores found are of fmall value, and to fine or otherwife punifh the offenders accordingly, be it therefore ena6led by the authority uforefaid, That, from and after the paffing of this a<ft, it Anycommif-fiull and may be lawful to and for any principal officer or com- boner of the miftionerof the navy, ordnance, or vi&ualling, for the time be-	the

ing, or any juftice of the peace for any county, divifion, city, p-ace, may detown corporate, liberty, or place, within this kingdom, to hear t ermine any and determine any complaint againft any perfon or perfons (not complaint foY being a contra&or or contractors, or employed as aforefaid) for or re-unlawfully felling or delivering, or caufing or procuring to be living (tores fold or delivered, or for receiving Or having in his, her, or their not exceeding cuftody, pofleflion, or keeping, or for concealing any (lores of (hillings war, or naval, ordnance, or victualling (lores or goods marked fin<Tthd with fuch marks refpe&ively as are herein-before mentioned, of offender i<?l« any value in the whole not exceeding twenty (hillings, ifchich

faid commiftioner or juftice refpeftively is hereby authorifed and required upon any information exhibited or complaint made in that behalf, at any time within three calendar months next after any fuch offence (hall have been committed, to caufe the party or parties accufed to be apprehended and brought before him; or if he, (he, or they (hall have abfeonded, or cannot be found, then to be fummoned to appear before fuch commiftioner or juftice* by a notice or fummons left at his, her, or their laft or ufual place of abode j and alfo caufe the witnefles on either fide to be furti-naoned, and fuch commiffioner or juftice (hall examine into the matter of fail, and upon due proof made thereof, either by -the voluntary confefiion of the party or parties, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, ( which oath the faid com-mifttoner or juftice rejpeclively is hereby authorifed to adminifter), give judgement or (entence accordingly j and in cafe the party or

b s s 2	parties

 ^ ^.oogle

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii HI. c. 89. [1800.

parties accufed lhall be convicted of fuch offence, then it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch commiffioner orjuftice of the peace refpe&ively to infliCt a fine of ten pounds upon him, her, Application ofor them, for fuch his, her, or their offence; which faid fine fo fine, which inflicted lhall be divided and diftributed, one moiety thereof to »ay^e levied the informer or difeoverer of the offence, and the other moiety

iSc

by diftreft.

If fufficient diftrefs can-

correction.

thereof (the necefiary charges for the recovery thereof being deducted) to the treafurer of his Majefty’s navy or ordnance, « the cafe may be, to Be by him applied in fuch manner as hereinbefore mentioned with refped to the produce of barges, boats, or other craft feized and fold under the authority of this a<ft, and to award and iffuc out his warrant under his hand and feal for levying fuch fine fo adjudged on the goods of the offender or offenders, and to caufe foie to be made thereof for payment of fuch fine and the reafonable charges of diftrefs, (to be judged of by fuch commiffioner or juftice refpeCtively), in cafe they (hall not be redeemed within fix days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where fufficient goods of the party cannot be found to anfwer the faid fine, to commit the (aid offender or not be found, offenders to the common gaol of the county, divifion, city, rnav°^com- town cc?rPorate> liberty, or place, for the fpace of three calendar mitted to the months, unlefs fuch fine lhall be fooner paid, or in lieu of fucb common gaol, fine, to caufe fuch offender or offenders to be imprifoned and ** IieU °f kept t0 karc* labour in the houfe of correction for the fpace of beket to^ t^ree calen^ar months, as to fuch commiffioner orjuftice of the hard labour in peace refpe&ively lhall be thought fit; and every fuch commifli-the houfe of oner or juftice lhall caufe the amount of every fuch laft mentioned moiety of fine which he lhall lo receive, and alfo the moiety of every fum arifing from the file of any barge, boar, or other craft fold under the authority of this aCl and paid into his hands as aforefaid, to be paid into the hands of the faid treafurer of the navy or ordnance within thirty days after the expiration of the year in which fuch fines lhall be received by him, or in de-, fault thereof fuch commiffioner orjuftice refpe&ively lhall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered with double cofb of fuit, by any perfon or perfons who lhall fue for the fame, by aCtion^f debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of hisMa-jelly’s courts of record at IVefiminJltr, or court of exchequer in Scotland, wherein no effoign, protection, or wager.of law, nor more than one imparlance lhall be allowed; one moiety of which laft mentioned fine lhall go to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffofl, and the other moiety thereof, to him or them who lhall fue for the fame as aforefaid.

XIX. Provided always neverthelefs. That it (hall and maybe lawful to and for the faid commiffioner or juftice before whoa any perfon lhall be convi&ed in a fummary way as aforefaid (if he (hall fee caufe), to mitigate and leflen any fuch before-mentioned fine of ten pounds, to be inflicted in that behalf as he lhall (hint fit, (the reafonable cofts of the officers and informers, as well in making the difeovery as in profecuting the fame, being always allowed over and above fuch mitigation;, and fo as fucb mitigi*

Fines may be mitigated.

tion of ti thin

notv

mij

tern

offei

kbo who arj the the ordi the 1

navi pub] fan the fuch and ofci ip it tion:

ec acco

acco

k

wi\[

«l|

u/id

the

ord r

that

°rj'c

Dull

rl

JUllll "ndt Cf nj C'fie

non

ftart

fho



787

::E.u	1800.]	Anno	regni	quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 89.

n 322 tion do not reduce the fine to lefs than one moiety of the faid fum ifrcrs of ten pounds, over and above the faid cofts and charges; any ymjii thing contained' in this aft to the contrary thereof in anywiie notwith (landing.

, rcrj5! XX. Provided alfo, and be it enadted, That in cafe fuch com- If in lieu of a ,j miffioner orjuftice of the peace (hall, upon the hearing and de- fine the of-j.rrr’s termining of fuch complaint as aforefaid, adjudge the offender or phoned*

offenders, in Jieu of a fine, to be imprifoned and kept to hard informer (hall u:	labour as aforefaid, that then the informer, or perfon or perfons receive 5I. re-

i? who fhall have difeovered fuch offender or offenders, fhall have waI^ upon and receive, as a reward for fuch his, her, or their difeovery, aTertificate°f rj-.w the fum of five pounds for every fuch offence fo difeovered; and fromthecom->:the principal officers and commiflioners of his Majefty’s navy, mifiioners or ordnance, or victualling, as the cafe may require, fhall caufe the faid reward of five pounds to be paid by the treafurer of the navy or ordnance refpeCtively for the time being, out of any publick money, in his hands, upon fuch informer or other per-Con producing to them a certificate under the hand and feal of die commiflioner or juftice of the peace who fhall have convi&ed .. fuch offender or offenders as aforefaid, certifying fuch convidlion,

Z~z and thepuniflhment which he hath inflicted upon the offender or *'"rj offenders; and the name or names of the perfon or perfons who in his judgement is entitled, and in what proportion or propor-^ tions to fuch reward; which certificate the faid commiflioner or juftice of the peace refpe&ively is hereby required to give without fee or reward; and the money paid by any fuch treafurer on account of fuch Jaft mentioned rewards (hall be allowed in his j accounts, and he (hall be difeharged thereof accordingly; any Jaw, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary thereof in anywife not-\Z% withftanding; provided alfo, That no fuch fummary proceeding fumnsary . as before mentioned (hall be had before any juft ice of the. peace

4	under the authority of this a<9, without the confent in writing of forc any the principal officers or commiffioners of his Majefty’s navy, tice without

5	ordnance, or victualling for the time being, or one of them, for the confent of that purpofe firft had and obtained ; and that every adjudication

J or fentence to be had or given without fuch confent as aforefaid, navy, &c.

fhall be null and void to all Intents and purpofes whatfoever.

^ XXI. And be it further ena&cd by the authority aforefaid,

That if any perfon or perfons fhaJl find himfelf, herfelf, or. themi Perfonsthink-(elves aggrieved by the judgement of any fuch commiflioner or *nS juftice, touching or concerning any fuch ftores as Iaft aforefaid, anyjudge- y under the value of twenty (hillings, then he, fhe, or they, (hall m/nttouching or may, upon entering i 110 a recognizance to his Majefty, with itores upder one or more furety or fureties, to the fatisfadlion of fuch com- r^e vaIue °* mitlioner or juftice, to the amount of treble the value of fuch fine, appeal to the juflices of the peace at their next general quarter fef-quarter (effions of the peace for the county, divifion, city, town lions, corporate, liberty, or place wherein the offence was committed, who are hereby empowered to fummon and examine witneffes rpon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame;, and in nfe the judgement {hall be affirmed, it (hall may be lawful for

S E s 2	.

VjOO^lC

788

Convi&ions ihall be made out in the following form, or to the like effe&,

Anno rcgni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 89. [1800,

fuch juftices of the peace to award the perfon or perfons fo appealing to pay fuch cofts occafioned by fuch appeal as to them the faid juftices {hall feem meet, and to enforce payment thereof, according to the courfe and pra&ice of fuch court.

XXII.	And in order to avoid frivolous and vexatious appeals, be it further ena&ed, That the commilfioncr or juftice of the peace before whom any offender (hall be convifted as aforefaid, (hall caufe the fa id conviction to be made out in the manner and form following, or in any other form of words to tbe like effed piutatis mutandis; which conviction (hall be good and effe&ualto all intents and purpofes, without dating the cafe, or the feds or evidence, in any more particular manners (that is to fay),

Form of con- c T>E it remembered, That on the

Y!&ipn. JD

day of

in the year of our Lord	A, B. fl

in the	of	was	convided	before

me C. D. one of the commiflioners of his Majefty's [or, one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the of •as the caje may be] for that the faid A* B. on the day of	now	laft	paft,	at	the	of

in the faid	of	did	[herefate the offiw

(tgainji tbs afl] contrary to the ftatute in fuch cafe made and provided.

Given under my hand and feal the	day	of

in the year of our Lord

ponviftionsto Which conviction the faid commiffioner or juftice Ihall caufe to be returned to be written fairly upon parchment or paper, and returned to the rera^quarter n€xt genera^ quarter feffions of the peace for the county, dtvi-feffions to he fi°n» city, town corporate, liberty, or place where fuch convk-filed, and Ihall tion was made, to be filed by the cleric of the peace, and there not be remov- to rcmain and be kept among the records of the fame county, other^coiut. c}*v^,on» c,ty, town corporate, liberty, or place, and the fame f {hall not be removed by certiorari, advocation, or fufjpenfion, into > any court whatfoever.

Witneffesneg- XXIII. And be it further ena&cd, That if any perfon or per-Jcding to at- fons fhall be fummoned as a witnefs or witneffes, to give evidence tei^d to forfeit before fuch commifltoner, or juftice or juftices of the peace,

*	touching any of the matters relative to this a&, either on the

parr of the profecutor or of the party or parties accufed, and ihaii J negleft or ret'ufe to appear at the time and place to be for that * purpofe appointed, without a reafonable excufe for fuch his, her, pr their negled or refufal, to be allowed by fuch commiffioner pr juftice or juftices of the peace before whom the feizore, com* plaint, or profecution (hall be depending, that then every fuch perfon (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of ten pounds, to be recovered, levied, and paid and applied, in fuch manner and by fuch means as is above dire&ed with refpeft to fines on fummary convidtions.	j

XXIV,	Provided always, and it is hereby enadted and dc- I

dared,

i



Ill 1:1

Cl 73 -A-ZC

xn: 7$

rhit

■ns*

Cf’^J

fiC?'

nv

I

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 89.	789

dared, That nothing herein-before contained which gives to any Nothing here* commiflioner or juftice of the peace power or authority to hcar,n ^allpre-and determine offences in a fummary way, ihall extend or he ^cufed offcl-deemed, conftrued, or taken to extend, to prevent the party or ling or receiv-parties accufed of felling or delivering, or of having in his, her, ing ftorcs un-or their cuftody, poffeflion, or keeping, or of receiving or con- thJL?n-^C cealing any of the ftores marked as above mentioned, under the being3* value of twenty (hillings, from being profecuted as receivers of profecuted as ftolen goods under this ad, or for unlawfully having the fame receivers of in his, her, or their cuftody, or concealing the fame under the &oten good*, faid recited a6fs of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King JVilliam the Third, the ninth year of the reign of King George theFirft, or the feventeenth year of the reign of King George the Second, in any court of record, oyer and terminer, or otherwife, as they might have been if no fuch power or authority hail been given j or to take away from any perfon or court whatfoever any power, right, juriftiidion, pre-eminence, or authority, whiert he or they, or any of them, ought lawfully to have had and enjoyed for the hearing and determining of fuch offences, in cafe no fuch power or authority to hear and determine the fame in a fummary way had been given, fo as that the fame perfon (hall not be punifhed twice for the fame offence.

J	XXV. And be it further cnaded, That the faid commiftioners The fcommrf-

of the navy, ordnance, or victualling, for the time being, may fionersofthe fell and difpofe of any of the ftorcs aforefaid fo marked as afore-faid, as they did or might have done before the making of this ftOJ-C8> an<i ad; and that fuch perfon or perfons as heretofore have or fhali the buyers , hereafter buy any fuch ftores or other ftorcs fo marked as afore- may kceP laid, of the faid refpedive commiftioners, may keep and enjoy [ncmrin^BV ’ the fame, without incurring the penalty of this a<5t, or any law ^naky”gon to the contrary whatfoever, upon producing a certificate or cer- producing a ; tificares, under the hand and feal of three or more of the faid certificate of commiftioners, that they bought fuch goods or ftores from them at any time before they fold or delivered the fame, or before the feme were found in their cuftody, or a certificate from fuch perfon or perfons as fhali appear to have bought the faid ftores from them the faid commiftioners, that the ftores fo fold or delivered by them, or fo found in their cuftody, were the ftores or part of the ftores fo bought of the faid commiftioners as aforefaid ; in which certificate or certificates, the quantities of fuch ftores fhali be expreiTed, and the rime when and where bought of the faid commiftioners, who, or any three or more of them for the time being, and aIfo the perfon or perfons afterwards felling the fame, are hereby empowered and directed from time to time to give fuch certificate to fuch perfon or perfons as fhali defire the fame, and have bought and fhali hereafter buy any of the aforefaid ftores within thirty days after the fale and delivery thereof.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons fhali make, fign, or give any falfe cer* Penalty for tificate, bill of parcels, or other inftrument, purporting the identity giving or pub* or tho fhle or difpofal of any goods or ftores as goods or ftores fo Wfo

purchafedwSf“tc4-

Digitized b	OQLC

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 89. [1800,

purchafed of \ he laid commiifioners as aforefaid, or if any perfbnor perfons fhall utter or publiQi any fuch falfe certificate, bill of parcels, or other inftrument purporting as aforefaid, knowing the fame to be falfe, every fuch offender, upon convidtion thereof indue form of law, (hail forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and be further corporally punifhed, as by this ad is diredted with refpeft to perfons having in their poffeffion or concealing his Majcfty’s warlike, naval, or ordnance (lores, contrary to the faid ad of Application of the ninth and tenth years of King William the Third; 00c

penalty.

If any perfon (hall be fued

for any fei-

Jture,

prove on the trial that the (tores were

certificate, &c, the defendant (hall be acquitted.

The commif-Goners fhall have the be-

st j Jac. 1 it* and

14 Geo. a. c. 44*

1 \

moiety of which penalty (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof, with full cofts of fuit, to the informer, to be recovered in fuch manner as the penalty of two hundred pounds, inflidled by the faid laft mentioned ad,h by that ad or any law nowin force, made recoverable.

XXV1L And be it further enaded. That in cafe any perk or perfons (hall be fued or profecuted for or by reafon of their

, andfliajl	an7	fach	(tores	or	goods	as	aforefaid,	or	any	barge,	boat,

or other craft in which the fame (hall have been depofited, upon the trial of the iffue (hall make proof, that fuch goods or (lores fo feized by him or them, or any part thereof, were lo noYmarked mar^ed as aforefaid, or if not fo marked, might rcafonably be might be fuf- fufpeded fo belong to his Majefty, or in cafe the plaintiff or petted to be- plaintiffs, in fuch adion or fuit, (hall not at fuch trial makegood long to his proof that he or they was or were fo employed, or had fuch cer-the plaintiff t^cate as aforefaid, and that he or they did (hew fuch certificate (hall not prove to the defendant or defendants before the adion or fuit was com-that he had a mcnced or brought, and that fuch defendant or defendants did not thereupon deliver or offer to deliver back unto the plaintiff or plaintiffs, at their requeft, all fuch goods and (lores as afore* faid, and the barge, boat, or other craft (if any) in which the fame had been depofited, in as good plight and condition as they were at the time of the feizure thereof, fuch defendant or defendants (ball be acquitted and found not guilty thereupon.

XXVIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That every commiflloner pf the navy, ordnance, or visual-ling, adting in the execution of this adt, (hall have and beenti-nefit gSverfto t0 the benefit and protection given to the juft ices of the juitices of the peace in and by an adl of parliament made in the fevenrh year peace by 7 0f the reign of the late King James the Firft, intituled, An Jac. y. c. pr eaje ln pleaJjng troubkfome and contentious fuit s profecuted cgdid juJUces cf the peace, mayors, conjlables, and certain other bis Majejh'i officers, for the lawful execution of their office 5 and alfo in and bv one other adl of parliament, made in the twenty*firft year of the reign of the faid late King James, intituled. An aft to enlarge etl. make perpetual the aft, made for eafe in pleading againjl troublefm and contentious fuits profecuted agatnfl jujlices of the peace, mayors, conjlables, and certain other his Majfly's officers, for the lawful execution of their office, made in the feventh year of his Majefy's mojl happy reign; and alfo in and by one other adl of parliament, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for tie rendering juficts

•/



t





.1800.] Anno regnl quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 89.	791

•f the peace more fafe in the execution of their office* and for indemnifying conjiables and others atiing in obedience to their warrants, in as full and ample manner and form as if fuch commiffioner had been a juftice of the peace within the true intent and meaning of the faid ads of parliament, or any of them; and that all and and the peace every conftable, headborough, or other peace officer, or perfon officers ading ading under the warrant or authority of fuch commiffioner injjaveithe purfuance of this ad, {hall, befides the protection given to perfons protection of making feizures as above-mentioned, have and be entitled to the the faid ads, full benefit and protection of the faid feveral laft-mentioned ads of parliament, in the fadne manner to all intents and purpofes, as if he or they had aded under the warrant or authority of a juftice of the peace within the meaning of the fame ads.

XXIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That this prefent ad fhall extend to that part of the kingdom of A Cl: to extend Great Britain called Scotland; and it is hereby declared and en-to Scotland* aded by the authority aforefaid, that all perfons who fhall commit within that part of Great Britain called Scotland any of the offences again if this ad herein-before exprefled, and (hall be lawfully convided thereof, (hail be liable to the fame pains, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities which by this prefent ad are declared to be applicable to fimilar offences committed withiit that pan of Great Britain called England.

XXX.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore-

faid, That all perfons accufed of having committed any of the Offenders in offences againft this ad, herein-before deferibed, within that Scotland to be part of Great Britain called Scotland* (hall be tried according to j”*	~

the forms ufed and obferved by the law of Scotland in trials for forma in trials theft or refet of theft.	*	for theft or

XXXI.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority refet °f theft, aforefaid. That all perfons accufed of offences and mifdemeanors Perfons ac-againft this ad within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, f^es^ Scot and for which, when committed in England* a fummary mode of Und^foTwSh trial and convidion is herein-before eftablifhed, may be tried in in England a the fame fummary manner within that part of Gnat Britain *ummary called Scotland* before the judge ordinary of the bounds, or before

two or more juftices of the peace in or out of feffions, and being may ^ p0 * lawfully convided thereof, by their own confeffion, or by the tried there, oath of one or more credible witnefles, (hall be punifhed in the manner herein-before direded in cafes of fuch fummary trial and con v id ion in England.

XXXII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That all fuch fummary profecutions within that part of Great At whofe in-Britain called Scotland* (hall proceed, either at the inftance offtanccfuJP* the procurator fifeal of the court before which the party is to be jnSoST tried, or at the inftance of his Majefty's naval ftorekeeper at jana fhall prol Leith for the time being, with concourfe of fuch procurator ceed. fifeal.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures to be impofed on any Penalties in

perfon by virtue of this ad, within that part of Great Britain Scotland to be •	applied as in

calkd

 VjOOQ 1C

In cafes where in England fuits may he instituted in any court of record at Weftminftcr, in fimilar cafes in Scotland they may be inftituted in the court of exchequer there.

In queftions in Scotland upon matters notherein provided for, the laws there to be obferved.

If any perfon ill all forfwear himfelfhe lhall be liable to the penalties of wilful perjury.

Preamble.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii lit, c. 90, [1800.

called Scotland, (hall be applied in the manner herein*before directed with regard to fimilar fines, penalties, and forfeiture! to be impofed by virtue of this a<ft in that part of Great Britain called England,

XXXIV.	And be it etia&ed by the authority afbrefaid, That in all cafes in which by this prefent a& or otherwife it is neceflary or lawful to inftitute any fuit, plaint, bill, or a&ion, before any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeJlminJlcr, for any thing done contrary to or in purfuance of this a6t within that part of Great Britain called England, it (hall be lawful in all fimilar cafes occurring within that part of Great Britain called Scotland for the party to bring his action before the court of exchequer there, according to the forms and ufuages obferved in that court: provided always, Thatfuch action or fuit be brought within thetiroe above fpecified for bringing fuch actions in England.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in all queftions whatfoever occurring within that part of Great Britain called Scotland upon all matters and things done contrary to or in purfuance of this a£t, and which are notherein* before exprefsly provided for, regard (hall be had to the laws and ufuages obferved in Scotland in like cafes; any thing herein exprefled to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted, That if any perfon upon examination on oath or affirmation before any commiffioner of the navy, ordnance, or vi&ualling refpe&ively, or before any jultice of the peace in Great Britain, in any matter relating to the execution of this a<3, (hall wilfully and corruptly give falfc evidence, or (hall, in any information or depofmon fworn, or affirmation taken in writing before any fuch commiflioner or juftice, wilfully and corruptly fwear or affirm any matter or thing which lhall be falfe or untrue, every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convi&cd, fHall be and is hereby declared to be fubjeft and liable to the like pains and penalties as any perfons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are by any law now in force fubjeft and liable to.

CAP. XC.

An oft for fettling difputes that may arife between mafiers end workmen engaged in the cotton manufacture in that part of Great Britain called England.—[July 28,1800.]

WHEREAS confederate abufes have for feveral years lafl fofl fubfifted in the trade or manufacture of cotton weaving d that part of Great Britain called England, to the great opprcjfmtf the perfons employed in the manufacture thereof and concern therein and manifcfl hindrance and injury of the trade: and whereas it will he a great convenience and advantage to all parties concerned in /tub tradey and an encouragement to the manufaCfurey that a cheap anl fummary mode he ejiablifhedfyr fettling all difputes that may arife in r effect thereof between the mafters and workmen engaged in tbe fad tradi: may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be waited; and

b?





' i i t * J

1

1

i

I

I

1

t

J

793

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georoii III. c. 90.

be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritua! and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That, from and after the firft day of Augufl From Aug. t9 in the year of our Lord one thoufand eight hundred, in all cates 1800, in cafes that {hall or may arife within that part of Gnat Britain called Big}and% where the mafters and workmen cannot agree refpe&ing tcrs^^w^rk-the price or p« ices to be paid for work done, or to be done, in men in the the (aid manufacture, whether fuch difpute fhall happen or arife cotton manu-between them refpcCting the reduction or advance of wages or any injury or damage done, or ailedged to have been done by the cannot be workmen to the work, or refpecfting any delay, or fuppofed de- mutually ad-Jay, on the part of the workmen in finifliing the work or the not jufted, the finifhing fuch work in a good and workmanlike manner; and mattcrdlf-alfo in all cafes where the workmen are to be employed to work	to

any new pattern which fliall require them to purchafe any new arbitration, implements of manufacture for the working thereof, and the mailers and workmen cannot agree upon the compenfation to be made to fuch workmen for or in refped thereof, and alfo refpedt-ing the length of all pieces of cotton goods, or the wages or compenfation to be paid for all pieces of cotton goods that are made of any great or extraordinary length, and refpe&ing the manufacture of cravats, fhawls, polycat, romall, and other handkerchiefs, and the number to be contained in one piece of fuch handkerchiefs, and the wages to be paid in refpedt thereof, and in all cafes of difpute or difference arifing or happening by and between the mafters and workmen employed in fuch manufacture, out of, for, or touching fuch trade or manufacture, which cannot be otherwife mutually adjufted and fettled by and between them; it fhall and may be lawful, and it is hereby declared to be lawful, for fuch mafters and workmen, between whom fuch difpute or difference fhall arife as aforefaid, or either of them, to demand and have an arbitration or reference of fuch matter or matters in difpute, and each of them is hereby authorifed and empowered forthwith to nominate and appoint aa arbitrator for and on his refpeClive part and behalf, to arbitrate Arbitrators and determine fuch matter or matters in difpute as aforefaid, and empowered to . fuch arbitrators fo appointed as aforefaid, after they fliall have accepted and taken upon them the bufinefs of the faid arbitra- mmifteroaths, tion, are hereby authorifed and required to fummon before them, and examine upon oath the parties and their witneffes,

(which oath the faid arbitrators are hereby authorifed and required to admiriifter according to the form fet forth in the fche-dule to this aCl),and forthwith to proceed to hear and determine the complaints of the parties and the matter or matters in difpute between them, and the award to be made by fuch arbitrators (hall in all cafes be final and cohclufive between the parties ; but If they do not in cafe fuch arbitrators fo appointed cannot agree to decide fuch matter or matters in difpute fo to be referred to them as aforefaid, three and do not make and fign their award within the fpace of three days after days after the figning of the faid fubmiffion, that then they (hall fubmiflion,

•	6	forthwlth-i^y^llftate

 VjOOVLC

decide therein.

Parties or witnefifes refilling to attend arbiti a-

794 Anno rcgni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 90. [1800.

the points in forthwith, and without delay, go before and attend upon one of diftercnceto a Majefty’s juftices of the peace adling in and for the county *<hallCfinaJly> riding* city, liberty, divifion, townlhip, or place, and refiding neareft to the place where fuch difpute (hall happen and be referred, and ftate to fuch juftice the points indifference between them the fa id arbitrators, which points in difference the (aid juftice (hall and he is hereby authorifed and required to hear and determine, which determination of fuch juftice (hell be made and figned within the fpace of three days after the expiration of the time hereby allowed the arbitrators to make and fign their award, and (hall be final and conclufive between the parties fo differing as aforelaid ; and if either of the faid parties, or their refpeftive witnefies, having been duly fummoned, (hall negleft or refufeto attend fuch arbitrators at the time and place by them for that tors, and after purpofe appointed,'jt (hall and may be lawful for any one or being brought more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace a&ing in and for the ^ore aj!ul* county, riding, city, liberty, divifion, town(hip, or place, where gTve1 tviJtnce°	difpute (hall happen, and he or th: y is or are hereby required,

may be com-’ upon proof on oath being made before him or them of the lervice of fuch fummons, either perfonallyor by leaving the fameatthe laft or ufual place of abode of fuch perfon fummoned, andalfo upon the like proof of the negle&or refufal of fuch perfon to attend the faid arbitrators in purfuance of fuch fummons, (unlefs a reasonable excufe be made for fuch non-attendance to the fatisfac-tion of fuch juftice or juftices), to ifliie his or their warrant under his or their hand or hands for the apprehending and bringing fuch perfon before him or them, and if any fuch perfon lo being brought before fuch juftice or juftices (hall ftill refufe to be examined, or to give his or their teftimony before fuch arbitrators touching the premifes, fuch perfon fo refuting (ball be by the faid juftice or juftices committed to the houfe of correftion within bis or their jurifdi&ion, there to remain without bailor mainprize until he, (he, or they, (hall fubmit to be examined and give evidence before the arbitrators touching the premifes afore faid.

Timeofmak- II. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if the ing award parties who (hall have figned any fubmiflion to arbitration (hall think it expedient, or be minded and defirous to extend the time

iS

mitted to the houfe of cor-redion.

parties.

hereby limited for the making of the award or umpirage, it (hall and may be lawful for them to extend the fame accordingly by indorfement on the back of fuch fubmifiion, to be figned by both of them in the prefence of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

III. Provided alfo,* and be it further enafted, That the Cub-ma be drawn m^®orl to inch arbitration, and the award or umpirage to be onunftamped made thereon, (hall and may be drawn up, and written at the

Submifllon and award

in

to

in

art

ani

ibf

k

hi

foi

ful

n

fc

ar

af

m

n

a-

b

0

Ci

paper agree- foot of fuch fubmiflion, upon unftamped paper, in the refpeflive ably tofehe- forms fet forth in the fchedule to this a£l; any law, ufage, or

dule annexedj cuftom to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

IV, Provided

 ooQle

i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 90.	795

IV.	Provided alfo, and be it further cnaCled, That there {hall, and each party in all cafes, be written or engrofied two parts of the fubmiffion tohavcacoPy* to arbitration, one for each of the parties fubfcribing the fame.

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That If any party in every cafe of difpute or difference between any fuch mafter refute to fign and workman in fuch trade or manufacture as aforefaid, if an arbitration (hall be demanded, and the fubmiffion thereto figned, an arbitrator, and an arbitrator therein named by either of the faid parties, and or to fubmit the other of them {hall refufe or negleCt to fign the faid fubmif- to the award, lion, and appoint his arbitrator; or if, after the making of the ^t^e^oth/r^ faid award or umpirage, either party (hall refufe to fubmit thereto party l0\,9 for the time or term of two days next after the figning of fuch &c. fubmiffion in manner aforefaid, or refufing to fubmit to fuch

award or umpirage refpeCtively as aforefaid, the party fo neglecting, or refufing to fign the faid fubmiffion, or to appoint his arbitrator, or refufing to fubmit to fuch award or umpirage as aforefaid, (hall forfeit and pay to the party who (hall have demanded fuch arbitration, figned his fubmiffion thereto, and named his arbitrator therein as aforefaid, or in whofe favour fuch award or umpirage (hall be made and figned as aforefaid, the fum of ten pounds,|lo be recovered in a fummary way before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, city, liberty, divifion, townfhip, or place, where fuch offence {hall be committed ; and the conviClion for the fame may be had and made upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes; and in cafe any fuch forfeiture or penalty (hall not be forthwith paid purfuant to fuch conviction, fuch juffice or juftices (hall, by warrant under his or their hand or hands, caufe the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, together with ail cofts and charges attending fuch diftrefs and fale; and in cafe no fufficient diftrefs can be had, fuch juftice or juftices (hall, by warrant under his or their hand or hands, commit the offender to the common gaol, or fome houfe of correction, within his or their jurifdiCtion, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor lefs than two calendar months.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority afocefaid,

That the juftice or juftices, before whom any perfon or perfons Convi&ioust® {hall be conviCtcd of any offence againft this act, (hall caufe all he drawn up fuch convictions to be drawn up according to the form, or to agreeably to the effedl fet forth in the fchedule to thi$ aCt; and the faid juftice fort^irTthe . or juftices {hall caufe the fame to be fairly written on parchment, fchedule. and transmitted to the next general feffions, or general quarter feffions of the peace, to be holden for the county, riding;, divifion, city, liberty, townfhip, or place, wherein fuch conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongft the records of the faid general or general quarter feffions.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That it {hall Appeal may and may be lawful for any perfon convicted before any one or^ua^erfef^ more juftice or juftices of the peace, of any offence againft this 2onSs

a&»



796	Anno	regni	quadragefimo	Georgii	III,	c.	90.	[1800.

a&, to appeal to the juftices of the peace aflembled at the next general feflions or general quarter feflions of the peace, to be holden for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town&ip, . or place, wherein fuch conviction fhall be made, fuch perfrin lb appealing giving immediate notice of fuch appeal, and finding two fufEcient fureties in the fum of five pounds each, and entering into his or her own recognizance before fuch juftice or juftices fo convicting as aforefaid, in the fum of ten pounds, to appear and profecute every fuch appeal with effedlj and the juf. tices of the peace at Aich general or general quarter feflions of the peace, are hereby authorifed and required on every fuch appeal being made, and on reafonable notice thereof given to the other party, finally to hear and determine the matter of even J fuch appeal, and to make fuch order, and to award fuch cods	V

therein, as they in their difcr«tion fhall fee meet; and which	}

faid order and determination (hall be final and conclufive to all parties; and no Certiorari fhall be allowed to remove any fuch proceedings or determination.

Limitation of VIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled by the autho* actions. r;ty aforefaid, Xhat no a&ion fhall be brought againft any arbitrator, juftice of the peace, conftable, headborough, or other officer, or againft any other perfon or perfons whomfoever, for any matter or thing whatfoever done or committed under or by virtue or in the execution of this adl, unlefs fuch a&ion (hall be \ brought within fix calendar months next after the doing or committing of fuch matter or thing.

General iflue IX. Provided alfo. That if any adlion or fuit fiiall hereafter maybe plead- be commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons, for •	any thing done under, by virtue, or in the execution of this ad,

fuch perfon or perfons may plead the general iflue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff (hall become nonfuited, or fuffer difcontinuance, or forbear further profecution, or if judgement fhall be given for the defendant or defendants, fuch defendant or defendants (hall recover his, her, or their full colts, for which he, (he, or they fhall have like remedy as in cafes where cods by law are given to defendants.

Juftices who X. Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authority are cotton aforefaid. That no juftice of the peace, being alfo % matter COtton weaver or manufacturer, fhall adt as fuch juftice under a * this act 5 any thing herein contained, or any former ftatute, I law, ulage, or cuttom, to the contrary thereof in any wife not* I withftanding.	i

XI.	Provided alfo, and be it further ena£fed by the authority Nothing here- aforefaid. That nothing in this a£t contained (hall extend, or be into repeal conftrued to extend, to repeal, abridge, annul, or make void “ the'aaaof8 an? of lhe daufes> Prov‘(ions* remedies, or powers contained in * Anneti^and x^c feveral adts made and palled in the firft year of the reign of *3 Geo* ». her late majefty Queen Anney and in the thirteenth and twenty-andi7Geo.3. third years of the reign of his late majefty King Georft the other ad^fo	and in feventeenth year of the reign of	bisprefent

fowtheypro--Majefty* or in any or either at them, or in any <>tber aft or aftr j

relating I

 	I

1800.} Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 90.	797

relating to the (aid trade heretofore made and pafled, fo far as vide penaltiei the fame enaft, provide, or inflift any pains, penalties, and puni(hments upon or againft fuch workmen, and fo far as the^e^csto fame enaft, provide, or afford any remedy or remedies to the mailers (ex-maftcis againft the workmen engaged in the faid trade or manu- cept where fafture (lave and except where fuch remedy and remedies relate thcy TTlatc to to wages); any thing in this aft contained to the contraryuagcs'" thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall be taken Publick ad. and allowed to be a publick aft in all courts within this kingdom, and all judges and juftices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecially pleading the fame.

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

FORM of the OATH to be adminiftcred by the arbitrators to the parties and witnefles under this aft.

THE evidence that you (hall give before us the arbitrators appointed by A. B* and CD. (the parties to the fubmijfion), to determine the matters in difference between them, under and by virtue of an aft, pafled in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft, ((late the title of the aft), (hall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.

So help you GOD.

FORM of the SUBMISSION to ARBITRATION, and of the award to be made in purfuance of this aft.

I A. B, of, &c. (fet forth the name, refidcnce, and defeription of the party) do hereby nominate and appoint C. D. of, tsV. my arbitrator under and by virtue of an aft, pafled in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty intituled. An aft, (fet forth the title of the aft), to hear and determine the matters ixt difference between me and E. F. of, £3V.

I,	E. F. of, fefc. do appoint G. H. of, £sfr. to be my arbitrator tinder the (aid aft for the purpofes aforefaid.

FORM of the AWARD or UMPIRAGE to be made by the arbitrators or umpire, and to be written at the foot of the fubmiffion.

WE*, /. K. and L. M. of, &V. the arbitrators above-appointed, [or I, N. O. of ZJc. thejuftice, as the cafe may he], do hereby adjudge and determine that, &c. (here fet forth the determination to which the arbitrators or jujlice, as the cafe may be, Jhall fubftribe their names).

Witnefs,

P.$s

FORM





Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 90. [1800.

FORM of CONVICTION in a pecuniary penalty.

BE it remembered, That on the	day	of	in	the

year of his Majefty’s reign, and in the year of our Lord y/. B. is convi&ed before me, (or us, meaning the juftices) one (or, two) of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county (or, riding, city, liberty, townfhip, divifion, or place) of for that the faid A. B* (ft ate the offence, as for neglecting to fan tht fubmiffton, or refufmg to fubmit to the award within the time limited, as the cafe may be), contrary to the ftatute made in the fortieth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft, (here fet forth the title of the aft)\ and I (or we) the faid juftice (or juftices) do hereby adjudge and determine the faid A. B. for the (aid offence, to forfeit and lofe the fum of	of	lawful	monevof

Great Britain, and do order the fame to be forthwith paid by him, (her, or them, as the cafe may be) to C. D.

FORM of COMMITMENT of

witnefs.

a perfon fummoned as a

TFTHEREAS proof on oath hath been made before me (or us,

” naming the juftice or juftices ftgning the commitment) one (or two) of bis Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county (tr riding, city, liberty, townfhip, divifion, or place) of on this	day	of	That	A. B. hath beenduly

fummoned, and hath neglected to appear and give evidence before C. D. and E. F. the arbitrators appointed by and between G. H. and /. K. to determine the matters in difpute between them at	in	the	county	(or,	riding, city, liberty, townfhip, divifion, or place) of	on the	day	of

under and by virtue of an aeft, made in the fortieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An atU (bereft forth the title of the act)*, and the faid A. B. being required by me, the faid juftice, to give evidence before the faid arbitrators, and ftill refufmg fo to do, therefore I (or we) the faid juftice (or juftices) do hereby, in puifuance of the faid act, commit the laid/B. to the (defrihing the prifon, or houfe of correction) there to remain without bail or main prize for his (or her) offence aforefaid, until he (or (he) (hall fubmit himfelf (or herfelf) to be examined, and give his (or her) evidence before the faid arbitrators, touching the matters referred to them as aforefaid, or (nail orherwife be dif-charged by due courfe of law. And you the (conftable other peace officer or officers to whom the warrant is dire&ed) are hereby authorifed and required to take into your cuftody the body of the faid AB, and him (or her) fafdy to convey to the faid prifon (or houfe of correction) and him (or her) there to deliver to the gaoler (or keeper) thereof, who is hereby authorifed and

required

iS

: r:(i

hm

(

arid

An

h

\

p:

h

cn

the

Qn\

bn

(Gn\

"6

to,

P

Uv

ft:

r • *1

V

f

? £

■	f/ •

f. .v

1 i>v

■	<f,c

, il ;

■v



1800.} Anno regni quadragefimo Getorgii lit. c. 91,9a.	799

required to receive into his cuftody the body of the faid A. B. and him or her fafeiy to detain and keep purfuant to this commitment.

Given under my (or our) hand (or hands) this	day of

in,the year of our Lord

. This commitment to be dire&ed to the proper peace officer and the gaoler (or keeper) of the prifon (or houfe of correction).

CAP. XCI.

An ad to prohibit, until the fifteenth day of O&ober one thoufaftd eight hundred, the exportation of rice.—[July iS, 1800 ]

CAP. XCII.

An acl for efiallijhing certain regulations in the offices of the houfe of commons. — [Jaly 28, 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient tf'at after the interefis, which the Preamble.

perjous her ein-afler mentioned enjoy, by virtue of letters patent granted by his Majejly, in the office of clerk of the houfe of commons,

Jball have expired, a different dijhibution Jhould be made of the fees and emoluments now belonging thereto; and that for this purpofe further regulations Jhculd be ejlablijhed in other offices of the faid houfe: and whereas by letters patent under the great fed of Great Britain, Recital of bearing date at Wed minder the third day of June, in the eighth year !ettrCru of the reign of his prefent Majejly, the office of clerk of the houfe of fell efquire) " commons, with an annuity of ten pounds, and all other rewards, dues, and John Ley r?ghts, profits, commodities, advantages, and emoluments whatfeever eiquire, clerks

to the laid office- after what manner foever or houfsever then or then- °J.t^ie houfe t ^ r J	'	•	.	•	•	;'	J, j , of commons,

tofore anciently appertaining, incident, accujtomed or belonging, was and to Ed-

granted to John Haifell cfquirc for and during his natural life: and ward Coleman

1 whereas aljo by certain ether letters patent, hearing date at Wedmin- efquire, ler-

dcr thefourth day of July, in the thirty-five nth year of the reign ^jeant «darras»

!. r his prefent Majejly, the faid office was granted to John Ley cj quire

] ' for and duriag his natural life, to take effefl from and after the

:	deceafe	of	the	faid	John	Hatfcll, in as full, ample, and beneficial a

“ manner as the fame had been granted to the [aid John Hatfell as

\ aforefaid: and vjhereas by certain other letters patent, under the great

vfeal of Great Britain, bearing date at Wedminder the fexteenth day

: ' ^/'November, in the fixteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majejly,

■ the office of ferjeant at arms attending the houfe of commons, with a

falary ami all other fees, perquifites, and emoluments to the faid office

: > belonging, was granted to Edward Coleman efquire: may it there-

J fore pleafe your Ivlajedy that it may be ena^ed • and he it enacted

. by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice

and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons,

in this prefent parliament adcmbled, and by the authority of the

'fame, That the lpeakcr of the houfe of commons for the time The fpeaker,

being, and the fecretary Or fecretarics of date, the chancellor of the fecrcta-

the exchequer, the mader of the rolls, and the attorney and riesofftate, .

: folicitor general for the time being, being alfo members of the j^of the^*

Voi.. XLII.

F F

ex-

houfe chequer, the

860 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii IIL c. 93. [1800.'

matter of the houfe of commons, (hall be, and they are hereby nominated, rolls, and the con{fttuted, and appointed commiflioners for the purpofes of folicltor^-	any	faid commiflioners, whereof the

neral, being fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the time being (hall be one, alfo members (hall be, and they are hereby authorifed to carry this aft into of the houfe execution.

fcffKi H- And be rt further enafted. That, from and after the expi-miffioners. ration of the faid letters patent fo granted to the (aid John Hat-After cxdU fell, John Ley, and Edward Coleman as aforefaid, all fees, per-ration or re- quifites, and emoluments which would have been due and cited letters payable to any future clerk or clerk affiftant of the houfe of Feeaand^mo* commons, or ferjeant at arms attending the houfe of commons luments of the for the time being, in cafe this acfc had not been made, (hall be clerk and fer- paid into the hands of the faid commiflioners, to be by them jeant of the applied and diftributed in the manner herein-after direfted; tbit nsonrn ftij%n°be* 's t0 k}r» The faid commiflioners (hall, and they are hereby di-paid to the reeled to pay to the clerk of the houfe of commons for the time being, the nett annual fum of three thoufand pounds, for and during the firft five years which the faid clerk of the houfe of commons (hall hold his faid office; and from and after the expiration of the faid term of five years, to pay to fuch cleric of the

commiflioners, to be by them applied in manner herein direct

cd,in payment houfe of commons, the further nett fum of five hundred pounds

of falaries to annually, making together the fum of three thoufand five hun-

clerk alfiftauit. ^rec* PGunc^s > an^ to Pay to t^e c^cr^ aflHlant of the (aid houfe ’ for the time being:, the nett annual fum of one thoufand five

hundred pounds, for and during the firft five years which the faid clerk affiftant (hall hold his faid office; and from and after the expiration of the faid term of five years, to pay to fuch ckrk affiftant, the further nett annual fum of five hundred pounds, making together the fum of two thoufand pounds; and which fums io paid by the faid commiflioners to the clerk and cleft affiftant of the houfe of commons refpedlively, (hall be taken and accepted by them in full fatisfaeftion and difeharge of all fees, perquifites, and emoluments to which he or they might or could have been, entitled, or which he or they may have beenaccvi-tomed to receive, by virtue or in refpe<5t of his or their faid c^ke or offices, previous to the patting of this aeft, any form, pradice, or ufoge to the contrary notwithftanding: provided always, That in cafe a vacancy (hall happen in the office of clerk of the houfe of commons, after the expiration of the faid letters patent, and the clerk affiftant for the time being (hall fuccecd thereto, and (hall then have held the office of clerk affiftant more thin five years, the excefs beyond five years (hall be reckoned as part or the whole, as the cafe may be, of the five ycirs which tthe clerk of the houfe of commons is herein required to have held his office, before he (hall be entitled to have and receive of the faid commiflioners the faid fum of three thoufand five hundred pounds; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof is anywife notwithftanding.

If the clerk	ill. Provided always, and be it ena£fcd, That if the clerk

affiftant fhall affiftant who. (hall be iu poffeffion of that office at the expirattoo

a

il

of

ex

tb

an

hc

wl

tb

Csl

CO

fri

ti

at

IK

fa

at

k

ff

hi

ol

.1»

( c 1 a

5

*]

t

ai

li

ii

k

Oj

h





!3.*i	1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georoii tlf. c. 9s.	80i

of the faid letters patent, (hall continue in fuch office after the continue in expiration of rhe faid letters patent, or (hall then or at any timeiratonof r c thereafter he appointed clerk of the houfe of commons, the inters patent, rO amount of his (alary or allowance agreeably to the provifions the amount of ; r 'i	herein-before contained, fhall be eftimated according to the hi* falary to

whole number of years, as well before as after the expiration of ^ eftimated :rir the faid letters patent, during which he fhall in any of the feid the^urri^r :	cafes have held the faid office ; any thing herein contained to the of years he

/is.:*! contrary in any wife notwithftanding.	had held the

•rrs; IV. And be it further enacted. That the faid cornmiffioners yi*f fhall, and they are alfo hereby further authorifed and dire&ed Salary to he from and after the expiration of the intereft of the faid Edward ^ant^Tarroi :s:k; Coleman in the faid oiiicc of ferjeant at arms, to pay to the ferjeant ^nd his de-r at arms attending the houfe of commons for the time being, the puty, See. nett annual fum of two thoufand three hundred pounds, which faid fum of two thoufand three hundred pounds fhall be taken and accepted by the faid ferjeant at arms for the time being, in i*.:53.	full fatisfa&ion	and	difeharge of all fees,	perquifites, and emolu-

bait	ments to which	he	might or could have	been entitled, or which

ranr	he may have	been accuftomed to receive,	by virtue or in refped

: a	of his faid office, previous to the paffing	of this a<ft$ any form,

r:r practice, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding: provided i s:	always, That in cafe the faid ferjeant at arms for the time being

r: 2	fhall have or	employ any deputy, he (hall	make an allowance to

v ;i!5	foch deputy,	at the rate of not lefs than	three hundred pounds

Uw	ftr ormunty out	of	the faid fum of two	thoufand three hundred

pounds; but if	he	fhall not have or employ any fuch deputy, he

>r?:	(hall account to the faid commiflioners for the faid fum of three

. ^ hundred pounds per annum, or fuch part thereof as fhall not have r.V5;i been paid to fuch deputy in any one year.

r, :3, V. And be it further enadled, That the faid commiflioners A plan of the . :.-,j fhall, and they are hereby authorifed and required to prepare ma°n.cr

and lay before the houfe of commons, within the firft twenty ^S/ueof the fitting days after the expiration of the faid letters patent, and fo money re-M j, within twenty fitting days after the commencement of every ceived by the ;:.s, fubfcquent feffion of parliament, a plan of the manner in which commiffion-the refidue (if any, or fo much thereof as to them fhall feem fuf-	l0f

^ ficient for the purpofes herein-after mentioned) of the monies fo fuckofficers to be by them received, or which it (hall appear to them, from as appear to y'j an average of the three preceding years, will probably be re- J!etlu*rc ^ ceived by them, fhall be applied and difpofed of towards making

a more certain and regular provifion for the fupport of fuch oU parliament, ficers in the departments of the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, v 'u{ and of the clerk of the faid houfe, and ferjeant at arms, as may :'€a from cafua] drcumftances appear to require the fame, and for affording relief to fuch perfons belonging to, or who may have belonged to the faid departments, and who may have been difabled by age or infirmity from the difeharge of their re-:1*i fpe&ive duties, which faid plan fhall be binding and conclufive w , on the faid commiffioners, and they are hereby authorifed and ;, direded to carry the fame into effedl, unlefs the faid houfe, within twenty fitting days after the faid plan fhall have been fo laid

f f f 2	Digitiz belFel^0^10

i8oi Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 93. [1800.

before them, fhall have otherwife ordered and dire&ed j and then	1

and in fuch cafe, with fuch variations as (hall have been fo made	ai

therein, and fo from time to time as often as fuch plan (halt at	21

above required be laid before the houfe.	!	P2

An account VI. And be it further ena&ed. That the faid commiffionat ; ^ received'and^ PrePare and laY before the houfe of commons, within twenty , " diiburfed un-	filing days after the commencement of every feffion	of parlia-	^

der this a£l,	menr, an account of the monies fo received by them,	by virtue	2c

to be laid be- 0f this and Gf the manner in which the fame (hall have been ^ ^commons aPP^e^ aj)d difpofed of $ and that in cafe it (hall appear from the ^ annually, who laid account that there is in the hands of the faid commiffionen • h may direct the a furplus remaining, after carrying into effc& the plan or order* I ^ application of herein-before mentioned, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid I ® the balance. ]loufe t0 diredt fuch a difpofition to be made thereof, as to them f P« fhall appear moft proper towards providing, in cafe	the houfe	I	C(

fhall fee fit, a remuneration for the perfon or perfons	by whom	,	A

the duties of chairman of the committee of ways and means (hall | ^ have been difeharged during the then feffion of parliament, and \ ff • for the better fupporr of perfons belonging to any of the depart-	c

ments herein-before mentioned, thofe perfons belonging thereto	fi

excepted, whofe falaries may have been or may be fixed by the	ti

authority of parliament, and fo in fuch cafe, from time to time, | ^ in every fubfequent feffion of parliament, as	circumftances	(hall	:	tl

admit of and require.	f

On expiration VII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nothing 5 <1 of either of herein contained (hall be taken or conllrued to prevent the taid the recited	commiffioners, upon the expiration cither of the faid letters

the commit	Patent granted to the faid John Haifell and John Ley efquires, or	y

fioners may of the faid letters patent granted to the laid Edward Cderm carry this aft efquire, whichever may firft happen, from carrying the purpofes tioue&cCU*	a6t into execution, as far as the nature of the refpe&irc

w> c* cafes will admit; and that thereupon, all fees, perquifites, and

emoluments which would have been due and payable to fuch of	{

the faid officers, whofe patents or patent fhall have fo expired,	<

fhall be paid into the hands of the faid commiffioners in the	j

manner herein-before directed.	j

CAP.	XCIII.	I

An aft for regulating trials for	high treafon	and mifprifm of li$	■	j

treafon, in certafn cafes.—[July 28, 1800.]

Preamble.	\A7 HERE AS it is expedient that in cafes of high treafon in cat

V V faffing or imagining the death of the King, and of mijprijis* of fuch treafon, where the overt aft or overt afts of fuch trnfn alledged in the indiftment for fuch offence fhall be the aJjaJJmtm v killing of the Kingy or any direct attempt- again/} his life, or sxj .dirift attempt again/l his perfon whereby his life may be enittngmk or his perfon may fuffer bodily harm, the trial for fuch offence jWi not be different from trials for murder or wilful and mucious ing; be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, 1

and





1800.] Anno regni quadragcfimo Georgii III. c. 94.*	803

" ^ and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the ‘	authority of the fame, That in all cafes of high treafon in com-

*■' *"•'*	paffing or imagining the death of the King, and of inifprifion of wfjererthe°n*

fuch treafon, where the overt act or overt acts of fuch treafon overt aft al-which (hall be alledged in the indictment for fuch offence fhall ledgcd in the : \c	be affaffination or killing of the King, or any direct: attempt

;	againft his life, or any direCf attempt againft his perfon whereby Nation of the

r'	his life may be endangered or his perfon may fuffer bodily harm, King, or any

-	the perfon or perfons charged with fuch offence (hall and may direct <itten.pt

-	be indided, arraigned, tried, and attainted, in the fame man- jyainft his ner and according to the fame coiirfe and order of trial, in J)fender (1:^11

::::	every refpeCf, and upon the like evidence, as if fuch perfon or be tried in the

1 *	perfons flood charged with murder; and none of the provifions fame manner

; >'■	contained in the feverai a<As of the feventh year of King William as if charged

the Third and the feventh year of Queen Anne refpe&ively, muri^cr»

: -y' touching trials in cafes of treafon and mifprifion of treafon re-fpeClively, fhall extend to any indidment for high treafon in j ^ compafling and imagining the death of the King, or for mifpri-::	fion of fuch treafon, where the overt a & or overt ads of fuch t

treafon alledged in the indidment (hall be fuch as aforelaid, but upon convidion on fuch indidment, judgement (hall be nevtr->! thelefs given and execution done a$ in other cafes of high treafon, any law, ftatute, or ufage, to the cqntrary notwith-ftanding.

5	cap.	xciv.

:	An aft for the fife cu/lody of infane perfons charged with offences

w	[July 28, j800.]

WHEREAS perfons charged with high treafon, murder, or Preamble. felony, may have been or may be of unfound mind at the time ^ fs	ef committing the offence wherewith they may have been or Jhall be

;	charged, and by reafon of fuch infinity may have been or may be

found not guilty of fuch offence, and it may be dangerous to permit :y perfons fo acquitted to go at large: be it therefore cnaded, by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, The jury, m That in all cafes where it (hall be given iri evidence upon the j^rf0n charg. trial of any perfon charged with treafon, murder, or felony, that ed with trea-fuch perfon was infane at the time of the commiffion of fuch fon, &c. prov-^ offence, and fuch perfon (hall be acquitted, the jury (hall be re-	"

: r	quired to find fpecially whether fuch perfon was infane at the whether

.	time of the commiffion of fuch offence, and to declare whether hewasacquit-

fuch perfon was acquitted by them on account of fuch infinity; ted by them and if they (hall find that fuch perfon was infane at the time of 'J*	the committing fuch offence, the court before whom fuch trial ibe^court^all

;V	(hall be had, (hall order fuch perfon to be kept in Arid cuftody, order him to

in fuch place and in fuch manner as to the court (hall feem fit, be kept in cuf-f	until his Majefty’s pleafure (hall be known; and it (ball tlrcre- ^7 his

upon be lawful for his Majefty to give fuch order for the fafe ^cifurc be ,J	v	FFFJ	.	.	cuftody	known, *c.

 * ^.cr le

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 94. [1800.

cuftody of fuch perfon, during his pleafure, in fuch place and in filch manner as to his Majefty (hall feem (it; and in al) cafes where any perfon, before the parting of this ad, has been acquitted of any fuch offences on the ground of infinity at the time of the commiftion thereof, and has been detained in cut tody as a dangerous perfon by order of the court before whom fuch perfon has been tried, and ftill remains in cuftody, it (ball be lawful for his Majefty to *ive the like order for the fate cuftody of fuch perfon, during h;* pleafure, as his Majefty is hereby enabled to give in the cafes of perfons who (hall hereafter be acquitted on the ground of infanity.

At?d be it further enabled. That if any perfon indifted ol^ce^nd^ ^or anT °®Pnce he infane, and (hall upon arraignment be upon arraign-found fo to be by a jury lawfully impannelled for that purpofe, meat found to fo that fuch perfon cannot be tried upon fuch indictment, or if be infane, or Upon the trial of any perfon fo indided fuch perfon (hall appear they*(halllbe t0 3ury c^ar?e<* fuch indi&ment to be infane, it (ball be fo found, See* lawful for the court before whom any fuch perfon (ball be the court (hall brought to be arraigned or tried as aforefaid, to dired fuch find, order them to jng t0 be recorded, and thereupon to order fuch perfon to be cuftody till kep1 in cuftody until his Majcfty’s pleafure (hall be known; ......- and if any perfon charged with any offence (hall be brought before any court to be difeharged for want of profecution, and fuch perfon (hall appear to be inhme, it (hall be lawful for fuch court to order a jury to be impannelled to try the fanity of fuch per-fon; and if the jury fo impannelled (hall nnd fuch perfon to be infane, it (hall be lawful for fuch court to order fuch perfon to be kept in Arid cuftody, in fuch place and in fuch manner as to fuch court (hall feem fit, until his Majefty’s pleafure (lull be known; and in all cafes of infanity fo found, it (hall he lawful for his Majefty to give fuch order for the fafe cuftody of fuch perfon fo found to be infane, during his pleafure, in fuch place and in fuch manner as to his Majefty (hall feem fir.

Ill, And\ for the better prevention of crimes being comitld Prrfonsj»m- ty perfons infancy be it further enabled, That if any perfon ~ “ be difcovered and

his M^jefty's pleafure be known.

pitted by any q^II

pept oy two juitices, fee.

1 180

Mo'}

M

Ma



to i

infa

tea

Mi

tar

fuc

'ufticeonac' “1<MI	and	apprehended	under circum(lances that

count of being <knotc a derangement of mind, and a purpofe of committing dangerous and fome crime, for which, if committed, fuch perfon would be infomfhal!not liable to be indidled, and any of his Majefty’s juftices of the be bailed ex- p^acc before , whom fuch perfon may be brought (hall think fit to iflue a warrant for committing him or her as a dangerous perfon Aftpedked to be inlane, fuch caufe of commitment being plainly exprefled in the warranr, the perfon fo committed (hall Itot be bailed except by two juftices of the peace, one whereof (hall be the juftice who has iffued fuch warranr, or by the court of general quarter feffions> or by one of the judges of his Ma-jefty's courts in IVejlminjler Hally or^ by the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or commiflioners of the great feal.

{V. And whereas infant perfons havty at different tirntSy enjea* vourtd to gain admittance to his Majefty s prefencty by intrujhm tn bis Mdjeftfs palaces and places of repdcnce and otherwif, and bis ♦ '	Majefty's

th

cu

lie

to

w

cl

ft

1

P

P

k

h





’ Jit

r;£>



v-J ■ •:*-

y-

.-j

1800.3 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 94.

Majejly $ perfon moy be endangered by reafon of the infanity of fuch perfons: be it therefore ena<5ted, That if any perfon who (hall appear to be infane (hall endeavour to gain admittance to his Majefty’s prefence, by intrufion on any Of his Majefty’s palaces or places of refidence, or other wife, fo that there may be reafon to apprehend that his Majefty’s perfon may be endangered, it .(hall be lawful for bis Majefty’s privy council, or one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate, to caufe fuch perfon to be brought before them or him ; and if upon examination it lhalJ appear that there is reafon to apprehend fuch perfon to be ittfane, and that the perfon of his Majefty may be endangered by reafoh of the infanity of fuch perion, it (hall be lawful for his Majefty’s privy council, or one of his Majefty’s principal fecre-taries of ftate, to order fuch perfon to be kept in fafe cuftody in fuch place, and in fuch manner, as according to circumftances lhaH be ascertained; and for fuch purpofe, it (hall be lawful for the 4ord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiftioners for the cuftody of the great feal of Great Britain, to award a commif-iion under the faid great feal, directed to certain commiftioners to be therein named, tP enquire into the fanrty of fuch perfon, and whether the perfon of his Majefty may be endangered by reafon of the infanity of fuch perfon, and for fuch purpofe, to diretft the (heriff of the county where fuch perfon (hall be, to fummon a jury to try the fanity of fuch perfon, and whether his Majefty’s perfon may be endangered by reafon of the infanity of fuch perfon, in the fame manner as juries are fummoned to try the fenity of perfons on a commiftion in the nature of a writ de ktnatico inquirendo; and if upon the inquifition fo taken it (hall be found that fuch perfon is fo far infane that the perfon of his Majefty may be endangered by reafon of the infanity of fuch perfon, it (hall be lawful for the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiftioners for the cuftody of the great feal for the time being, to take order for the fafe cuftody of (uch perfon fo long as there (hall be reafon to apprehend that the perfon of his Majefty may be endangered by reafon of the infanity of fuch perfon; and if it (hall afterwards appear that fuch perfon (hall have recovered the ufe of his or her reafon, fo that there (hall be no longer any reafon to apprehend any danger to his Majefty’s perfon from the infanity of fuch perfon, it (hall be lawful for the lord chancellor, lord keeper, or lords commiftioners for the cuftody of the great feal for the time being, to enquire into the fa6t by fuch means as to him or them (hall teem proper; and if it (hall appear to his or their fatisfaefion, that fuch perfon has fo far recovered the ufe of his or her reafon, that there is no ground for apprehending any danger to his Majefty’s perfon from the infanity of fuch per* fon, it mall be lawful for the faid lord chancellor, lord keeper, and,lords commiftioners refpe<5i»vely, to dired fuch perfon to be difeharged from cuftody, either absolutely or conditionally) or under reftri&ioas, as tp him or them (hall feem meet.

805

The privy council or one of the fecretaries of Hate may caufe perfons appearing to be infane and endeavouring to gain admittance to his Majefty to be kept in cuftody till the inanity of fuch perfons be enquired into in the manner herein directed, &c.

F ? F 4



CAP*



Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c, 95. [1800, . tS CAP. XCV.	;

An a51 to indemnify all per fins who have printed, publifhtd, or if ! j perfed, or who Jhall publijh or difperfiany papers printed under ! the authority of the commijftoners or head officers cf on) pM boards, from all penalties incurred by reafon of the name-endflm of abode of the printer cf fuch papers not being printed therein^

[July 28, 1800.]	’	«

Preamble. \ X 7 H ERE AS in an aft pa fid in the thirty-ninth year of tk	^

39 Geo. 3. VV reign of kis prefent Majejiy, intituled. An aft for die more ^ c< c* 79»	cffe&ual fuppreflion of focieties eftablifhed for	and	tra-	,	f{

,	.	for.able purpofes, and for the better preventing r.eulbnahie and	f	t

>	•	feditious practices ; certain provifions are cental 'd to njlraintk t

printing or publijhing of any papers or books whatfoever, which jboud	1	j

be meant or intended to be publifbed or difperfed without the mu aid	'	,

■ place of abode cf the printer thereof being printed thereon, with a ur-	]	,

tain penalty on the per fin printing, publijhing, or difterfai, er , affi/ling in pub Ujinn g or difperfing the fame, contrary to the fad aft: ]	,

and whereas divers papers printed by order or under the authority if . the commijftoners of kis Majeftfs cu/loms, the comnujfmers of wifi, I the commijftoners for the affairs of taxes, and the commijjwn m ' head officers of divers other publick offices and boards, have* threap inadvertency and mijlake, and on the fuppofuion that fuch papers , were not within the provifions of the Jaid at1, been printed uiihost { the name and place of abode of the printer thereof ban% priatd thereon, as required by the /aid a Si: may it therefore pleafe vour Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enafted by the King's ,moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confentof haverinted l°rc^ Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent any papers parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That under the au-every perfon who /hall, before the patting of this aft, bav? thority of printed any paper whatfoever, by order or under the authority of^^Hck11^8 anX fuch coma)*^oners or head officers as aforefaid, orlhai! boards, or have publifhed or difperfed, or aflifted in publi/hingor dtfperfine, who have pub- or fhall hereafter publifti or difperfe, or affift in publ idling or dii-liffied them, or, pcrflng any paper whatfoever that (hall have been printed before the ■ publiffi a^y f P3^? of l^]S a&> ty orc^er or under the authority of any fuch paper fo print* cornmifiioners or head officers as aforefaid, (hall be and is hereby , ed before the declared to be freed and di(charged of and from all fuits, infer* mations, profecutions, judgements, fines, and penalties what-indemnified Soever, commenced, profecuted, adjudged, or incurred, or which • from any pe- may be commenced, profecuted, adjudged, or incurred, for cr mlties incur* by reafon of any offence alledged to have been committed agairi red by reafon thc rccited a<51, by occafton of fuch printing, publiJhing, or ag^nft°he re- difperfing, or of affifting in publifhing or difperfing any fuch cited a<5h paper as aforefaid, as fully, freely, and effectually, as if the kmc had been printed according to the provifions of the faid aft.

CAP. 1

 v^oogle

jRoo.] Anno regni guadragefimo Georgii III. c. 96, 97. 8oj

CAP. XCVI.

y//7 aft for explaining and aw ending fo much of an aft, pap d in the prefent f'jfion of parliament, relating to the duties on income, as rfpefts the delivery of the fat emeriti to the commercial cernmif f:oners of London, under the amount of twenty pounds.—[July 28, l8co.]

•- u	*

WHEREAS by an aft, pajfed in the prefent f'ffion of parLa* Preamble, merit, intituled\ An a<5t for the better ascertaining and C. 49. colle&ing the duties granted by feveral a£ts paffed in the laft felfion of parliament relating to the duties on income, and to explain and amend the laid o.Hs, the commercial commijfioners for the city of London arid its vicinity are re/irained from afjjfing per-forts wbofe contribution, in refpeft of income ariftng from trade or ■manufacture, fall not amount to the fum of twenty pounds: and whereas it is expedient to allow perfons whofe contributions in the preceding year jhall have amounted to tiuenty pounds to be afeffed by the faid commijfioners, although the contribution returned in the flatement delivered or to be delivered by them refpeftively for the fucceeding year may not amount to that fum: may it therefore pleafe your Ma-jetty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the 3dvice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That An? Perfon. any perfon carrying on trade or manufacture within the diftriCt trade^whofe* of the (aid commiflioners, or any number of perfons carrying ftatement of on trade or manufacture there in partnerfhip together, whole income deli-contribution in refpeft of income arifing from fuch trade or ma- vered in any nufafture, whether feparate or joint, returned in the ftateraent P^et<Jnt^c delivered in by him, her, or them in any preceding year to the faid commercial commiflioners, (hall have amounted to the faid fum of twenty commiflionerg pounds or upwards, (hall be entitled to be aflefled in every fubfequent	year	by the faid commiflioners,	although	in	fuch	an*OUntgd to

fubfequent	year	the contribution	of any	fuch	perfon or	perfons,	40l. or up-

whether feparate or joint, as arifing from fuch partner(hip, wards, ihall returned in his, her, or their ttatement, may not amount to the faid fum of twenty pounds; any thing contained in the faid re- t^e y cited aft, or any other aft relating to the faid duties on income, though in any to the contrary notwithftanding*	;	fubfequent

year it may

^	'	not amount to

CAP. XCVI I.	that fum.

An aft to incorporate certain perfons by the name of The London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread, for a limited time.—[July 28, 1800.]

WHEREAS the cftabUfoment of a manufactory for four, meal. Preamble.

and bread\ in London, or its neighbourhood, would be of con fide cable benefit and utility, and would greatly tend to injure to the metropolis, and its neighbourhood^ a more regular fupply of four,

meal)

 VjrOO^iC

8o8

Subscribers

incorporated.

Their Ryle and powers.

Company may

raife iao,oool. to be divided into 4800 ihares, which lhall be deemed perfonal fftate.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III, c. 97. [1800. i3c

meal, and bread at reafonable prices: and whereas fuch manufathrj I hui cannot be advantageoufly ejlabtifbed and carried on, unlefs a mhier-	|	(to

able joint Jlock is raifed for that purpofe 5 and whereas the jturi | ft-perfons herein-after named, and very many other perfons, have aktoif 1 cot agreed to become fubferibers thereto: and whereas it is expedient, fir j fivi the more eafily carrying on the /aid manufactory, that the /aidfevtrd \ eft; perfons, and fuch others as Jball hereafter become fubferibers thirds, ' eft; Jhould be incorporated: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that 1 coi it may be ena&ed ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s molt excel* . ref lent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords \ ifo fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament . t aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fir Ricberd	^

Neave, fir John Calf fir Robert Prefton, fir Frederick Eden,	(h

baronets, John HatJelL, WiU'tam Devanes, Robert Biddulph, John	o\

Julius Angerjlein, John Frere, Thomas William Coke, John cone,	1	p

Samuel Bofanquet, Magens Dorrien Magtns, Edward Forjhr,	,	fr

George Hibbert% Job Mathew, Brook Watfon, William Rohinfn,	,	g

William Mackintofh, Thomas Boddington, Thomas King, cfquires, 0 and Robert Sherfon doctor of phyfick, and every other perfoo f( and perfons who (hall hereafter either in their own right, as a original fubferibers to the fame, or as executors, adminiftrators,	c

fucceffors, or affigns, in right of any fuch original fizbferiberor	f

fubferibers, become proprietors of or intcrefted in any part or	[

(hare of the joint capital ftock or fund herein-after mentioned,	j

(hall be one diftin6t and feparate body politick and corporate, in	j

deed and in name, by the naftne and ftyle of The London Cm-	t

party for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread, and that by	f

the fame name they fhall have fucceffion, and a common Seal,	t

and that they and their fucceflbrs may from time to time break,	\

alter, make new, or change fuch common feal, as lhall be found expedient; and tRat fuch corporation (hall be able and capable in'law to have, purchafe, receive, take, and enjoy lands,	(

tenements, and hereditaments, of what kind, nature, or quality	.

foever, not exceeding the annual value of two thoufand pounds,	.

above all charges and reprizes, for the ufe of the fiud manufac-	j

tory, without licence to hold or enjoy the fame in mortmain,	,

and that fuch corporation may grant, fell, demife, alien, or	(

difpofe of fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part	,

thereof, at their free will and pleafure; and in their corporate t ( name (hall and may fue and implead, and be fued and impleaded,	,

anfwer and be anfwered, in all or any courts of record, and	j

places of judicature within this kingdom, in all caufes and	,

a&ions whatfoever, for, touching, or concerning the fiid	j

corporation, or the manufactory to be by them carried on as aforefaid.	J

II.	And be it further enadted, That it (hall be lawful for tie feveral perfons herein-before named, and for fuch other perfons as (hall be willing and defirous to join with them in forming the	j

faid company, to raife and contribute among themfelves a capi-	f

tal or joint ftock, to be applied and ufed in eftablifliing and carrying on the faid manufactory, not exceeding the fum of one

hundred I

Digitize yCjOCK^IC

t8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Geohoii III. c. 97.	809

hundred and twenty thoufand pounds, and fuch capital or joint ftock (hall be divided into four thoufand eight hundred parrs or (hares, or fuch part of fuch capital or joint ftock, as (hall be contributed as aforefaid, fhall be divided into (hares of twenty-five pounds each ; and all fuch (hares (hall be deemed perfonal eftate, and be tranfmiffible as fuch, and nor of the nature of real eftate; and that the faid (hares fhall be, and they are hereby accordingly veiled in the feveral fubferibers thereto, and their refpe6live executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, to and for their own refnedlive ufe and benefit, proportionably to the fums they (hall refpedlively fubferibe and pay thereunto: provided always, That no proprietor or joint proprietors of any fuch No proprietor (hare as aforefaid (hall have or hold, either in his, her, or their prie?ora to°" own name or names, or in the name or names of anv other more perlon or perfons to or for his or her ufe or benefit, more than than4o(bare8| forty fuch (hares; and every alignment of any fuch (hare orand,*Pcr^? (hares to any perfon or perfons who (hall already be the holder f/^cTof or holders of forty fuch (hares, or to any other perfon or perfons d0 notdifpofe for his or their ufe or benefit, (hall be. abfolutely void: provided of the fame, alfo, That when by reafon of any partnerfhip, death, marriage,thc Or otherwife, any fuch proprietor or joint proprietors as afore-faid, (hall be pofTefled of or entitled to more than forty fuch auftion.

(hares, and (hall Hot abfolutely affign or difpofe of the fame within fix calendar months after becoming fo poflefled or entitled as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the managers of the faid company, and they are hereby required, to fell all fuch (hares exceeding forty, by publick auction, and to receive the produce of fuch tale, which (hall be paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall have become entitled to the faid (hares as aforefaid.

III.	And) to the intent that all matters and things touching the concerns of the faid company may be managed and conduced in the

nioji beneficial manner, be it further enabled, That all and every Proprietors to perfon or perfons who (hall by virtue of this aft have fubferibed have va^e9 for, or (hall become entitled to, and be in the actual poffeflion ^rSSTmim-of four or more (hares in the faid undertaking, fhall have a vote her of (hares, or votes in refpeft of fuch (hares in the general and fpecial meetings of the faid company, to be held as herein*after dire&ed, for carrying on the faid undertaking, or relative thereto, in proportion to the number of (hares following $ that is to fay. For four (hares and lefs than ten (hares one vote; for ten (hares and lefs than twenty (hares two votes; for twenty (hares and lefs than forty (hares three votes; and for forty (hares four votes; but no perfon (hall be entitled to give any vote who (hall not be pof-fefled of four (hares.

IV.	And be it further enabled, That all ele&ions of officers. All mattersto and every other queftion, matter, or thing whatfoever,. which he determined fhall be propofed, difeufled, or confidered at any meeting of the votes^chair-(aid company to be held in purfuance of this a(hall be finally man to have determined by the majority of votes then prefenu and in cafe of thecafting

an vote,

-	

The joint proprietor whofe name fhall /land firO in the hooks of the company ihall be entitled to vote. No perfon to vote on any matter in which he is intereited.

A general meeting to be held, at which i a managers ihallbechol'cn, to continue in office 4 years, and then one third to quit by ballot $

no perfon, fo quitting, to be eligible again till a year afterwards.

An annual general meeting to be held, who may adjourn them-felves, and Ihall eleft managers, &c.

Anno regni quatlragefimo Georgii III. c. 97. [1800. 1

an equal divilion, the chairman for the time being (ball have the carting vote.

V.	And be it further enabled, That whenever two or more i perfons fhall be jointly pollefled of four or more (hares in the [ capital or joint ftock of the faid company, they ihall be entitled ; to give their vote or votes in refpecl thereof by the perfon whofe name (hall (land firft: in the books of the faid company as joint ’ proprietor of fuch (hares.

VI.	Provided always, That no perfon or perfons fhall vote at any of the meetings of the faid company, or of the faid managers, to be held purfuant to this aft, upon any queftion relating to the concerns of the faid company, in which fuch perfon or perfons fhall he in any manner interefted, otherwife than as a proprietor of rhe foid undertaking.

VII.	And be it further enafted, That there ihall be a general meeting of the faid company within one month after the parting of this aft, of which meeting eight days previous notice 1 (hall be given in the London Gazette^ dnd in one or more of the publick London newfpapers; and at fuch meeting one of the proprietors prefent (hall be appointed chairman; and in cafe two or mare perfons (hall be propofed to fill that office, and (hall have an equal number of votes, then the perfons fo propofed fhall draw lots for the fame 5 and that after the appointment of a chairman, fuch meeting fhall proceed to the eledfion of twelve perfons, refpeftively proprietors of twenty (hares in the faid undertaking, to be managers for condufting, managing, and ordering the affairs and bufinefs of the faid company, according

io the powers and regulations herein contained, and fubjeft to fuch orders and directions, confident therewith, as fhall be preferred to then* by fuch general meeting as aforefaid, or by any otfier meeting of the faid company to be held in purfuance of this aft; and fuch managers fhall continue in their faid offices for four years after the parting of this aft, and at the expiration of the faid four years one-third of the faid managers, to be determined among themfelves by ballot, (hall quit the faid office; and no perfon quitting the office of manager by fuch rotation as aforefaid, fhall be eligible into the faid office, until the expiration of one whole year from the time of his retiring therefrom.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That there fhall be a gene- * ral meeting of the faid company fome time in the months of 1 April or May in every year, of which meeting eight days notice

at lead (hall be given by advertifement in the London Gazittii and in one or more of the London newfpapers, or in fuch other manner as any preceding general meeting (hall in that be-half direft; and that at all fuch general meetings one of the managers of the company, to be elefted as aforefaid, for the time being (hall be the chairman; and all fuch meetings (lull have power to adjourn themfelves from time to time, and from place to place, as they fhall think expedient; and fuch general meetings fhall eleft perfons qualified as aforefaid to replace the managers who (hall quit the faid office by fuch rotation as afcre-





18oo.] Anno itgni quadragefimo GjborgiI III. c. 97.	Sir

.faid, and to fupply any vacancies which fliall have arlfen by death, refignation, or otherwife, and (hail do, tranfacff, fuper-intend, or controul all other the affairs and concerns of the faid company.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That if at any time it (hall Special meet-appear to any meeting of the managers for the time being, hereby hies may be authorifed to proceed to bufinefs, or to any nine or more of the and other proprietors, who (hall together be holders of two hundred

lhares at the Jeaff, to be necellary or expedient to call a fpecial .meeting of the proprietors at large, for the purpofe of taking their opinion and determination upon any matter or thing relating to the faid company, then and in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch meeting of the managers, of their own authority, or at the requifuion in writing, to be figned by fuch nine or more other proprietors, being holders of at icaft two hundred (hares, and which requifition (hall fpecify the objedt of fuch .meeting, and in cafe any meeting of managers fliall refufe or neglect for the fp3ce of fourteen days to comply with fuch requifition, then and in fuch cafe it fliall be lawful for the proprietors who fliall have figned the fame, to call a fpecial meeting of the proprietors at large, by advertisement in the London Gaztttt, and in one or more of the London newfpapers, fpecifying the place where and the time when fuch meeting is to be held, the time not being lefs than fourteen days after lucli notice, and the place fomewhere in London or Wejlminjler, and likewife fpecifying in fuch notice the reafon for, and intention of calling fuch jpecial meeting; and the proprietors are hereby authorifed to meet purfuant to fuch notice, and take into confideration the matter or matters to be fubmitted to them by the perfons calling fuch fpecial meeting, and fpecified in fuch notice; and the deciflon and determination of the proprietors prefent at fuch meeting, or the major part of them, according to the number of votes they fliall have a right to give refpedting fuch matter or matters, fliall be as valid, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been made at a general meeting of the faid company, held in the manner herein-before appointed.

X.	And be it further enadted, That any three or more of the

faid managers, but not lefs, thall be a futneient number to con- fordtitutea ftitute a meeting, for the purpofe of executing all fuch powers meeting, and authorities as the whole of the managers might have exe- All matters to cuted if affembled together; and that one of the managers fliall be deter ini ned in the firft place be elected chairman; and that all queflions, by the majo-matters, and things, which (hall be propofed, difeufled, or con- nt^‘ fidered by them, (hall be decided and determined by the majority in number of the managers then prefent; and in cafe of an equal vote. ° divifion, the chairman (hall have the cafting vote: provided ^tjlfCC always. That if on the day appointed for any meeting of the faid not attend, managers there (hall not attend three or more of them, that then the meeting and in every fuch cafe the meeting fhall be adjourned to that (hall be ad-day feven-night by the members or member then prefent, or if^tday*0

none, feven-night.

 (^.ooQle

Biz	Anno	regni	quadragefimo	Georqii	Iff.	c. 97. [1800. il

none, by the principal or chief clerk to the (aid company, or ft* fuch other perfon as (ball attend in his place.	.	P*J

Poweri of the XI. And be it further enabled, That the managers of the I arfo managers. faid company fo to be chofen as aforefaid, (hall from time to j pui time have full power and authority to dire# and manage all and | cal Angular the affairs and buiinefs of the faid company, as well in	,	w

contracting for and purchafing lands and materials for the ule of	1	in

the faid undertaking, as in the ordering, direfling, and employ*	'	E

ing the works and workmen, and in placing and difplaeing	to)

officers, clerks, agents, and fervants, and in making ail con-	do

Treafurer	trafls and bargains touching or in anywife concerning the hid	of

nottoiflue	undertaking: provided always, That the treafurer orrreafqrers	thi

money, with. Qf fai(j company {hall not jjfue any fum or fums of money on inj order by *the ac^ount of the faid company, without an order fignedbythe in chairman and chairman and one other at leaft of the managers prefenf at feme th one manager, fuch meeting.	ac

General meet- XII. And be it further enafled. That every meeting of the pr ings may re- fa}d proprietors (hall have full power and authority to remove or m gCTifa'nd*14"	any	perfon	chofen	to	be fuch manager as aforefaid, and fa

make bye lo e*e<^ others, qualified as aforefaid, to be managers in the	fa

law«.	room of thofe who (hall be fo removed or difplaced, and of	0

thofe who may happen to die; and (hall alfo have full power i n and authority to make fuch rules, orders, bye laws, and rcgti-	f;

lations, for the good government of the faid company, and for g the well and orderly carrying on the faid undertaking, and from	«

time to time to alter or repeal fuch rules, orders, bye laws, and	f(

regulations, or any of them, and to make others, and to enforce	\n

the obfervance of the fame by fuch means as they lha!! fee fit;	v

which rules, orders, bye laws, and regulations, being reduced	t

into writing under the common feal of the faid company, and	a

afterwards printed and put up in fome confpicuous part or parts 1 of the faid manufactory, (hall be binding upon, and beobferved	j

by all parties, and (hall be fufficient, in any court of law or	|

equity, to juftify all perfons who (hall afl under the fame, pro-	r

vsded they be not repugnant to the laws of this realm, or any of	1

the exprefs direflions of this afl.

General	XIII. And be it further enafled, That every fuch general	(

meeting, or meeting as aforefaid, or the managers of the faid company, (hall	(

have full power and authority from time to time to make fuch	j	f

for C ca^ or calls for money from the feveral proprietors of the faid	1	{

money.	undertaking, to eftabli/h and carry on the fame, as they (hall	;	j

from time to time find wanting and neceffary for thofe purpoles,	i	j

fo that no fuel) call do exceed the fum of five pounds for or in j refpefl of any one (hare of twenty* five pounds, and fo that no	1	(

fuch calls be made but at the diftance of three calendar months	\	{

at leaft from each other; which money fo to be called for (hall	\

be paid into the hands of the treafurers to the faid company, to	r

be iffued, paid, and applied as the managers refpcflivcly (hall { from time to time appoint and direfl, for the ufe of the faid undertaking.	c

XIV.	And be it further enafled, That every proprietor of any \ \

(hare

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 97.	815

{hare or {hares in the faid undertaking (hall from time to time Proprietors pay his or her proportion of the money fo to be called for as na^caUslor aforefaid, at fuch time and place as (hall be appointed for that months, purpofe by the meeting of proprietors or managers making filch to forfeit call, of which one calendar months notice at leaft fliall be given their iharea. in fome daily newfpaper or newfpapers publifhed in London, or in fuch other manner as the faid company of proprietors fliall sit any meeting diredfc and appoint in that behalf; and in cafe any fuch perfon (hall negledt or refufe to pay his or her proportion of the money fo to be called for as aforefaid, for the fpace of three calendar months after the time appointed for payment thereof as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the perfon fo neglecting or refufing (hall absolutely forfeit all his or her (hare, part, and intereft in the faid undertaking, and all profit and advantage thereof, and all money theretofore advanced by him or her on account thereof, to and for the ufe and benefit of the other proprietors of the faid undertaking; and all (hares which (hall or may be fo forfeited (hall or may be fold at a publick fale by the faid managers, for the mod money that can be gotten for the fame, and the produce thereof fliall go to arid make part of the capital or joint flock of the faid company: provided always, That No advantage no advantage fliall be taken of fuch forfeiture of any (hare in the ^ ^fc^ern faid undertaking as aforefaid, until after perfonal notice fliall befelture un^| given by the treafurer or clerk to the faid company of proprietors after per:orral to the owner thereof, nor unlefs the fame (hall be declared to be notice to the forfeited at the firft meeting of the faid company of proprietors u^efede°r which fliall be held next after fuch forfeiture (hall happen: pro- Glared to"be vided alfo, That every fuch forfeiture, after the fame (hall be forfeited at taken advantage of by the reft of the faid company of proprietors the next meet-as aforefaid, (hall be an abfolute indemnification and difeharge in£ *fter~ to and for the proprietors fo forfeiting againft all adtions, fuits, war s‘ and profecutions for any breach of contract or other agreement between fuch proprietor and the reft of the faid company, with regard to the future carrying on and management of the faid undertaking.

XV.	And be it further enacted. That if a proprietor of any Executors, {hare or (hares in the faid undertaking (hall die before payment ^T'amay pa* (hall have been made by him or her of the full fum to be called caUa#

for in refpedl thereof as aforefaid, without having made any fuflicient provifion by will or otherwife how fuch (hare or (hares (hall be difpofed of, and how the future calls in refpedt thereof (hall be anfwered, then and in fuch cafe the executors or admi-niftrators of fuch proprietor, and the truftee or truftees, guardian or guardians of any infant, or other perfon entitled to the eftate and effects of fuch proprietor, (hall be indemnified againft fuch infant, and all other perfons whomfoever, for paying any money which fliall be called for as aforefaid, in reipedt of the (hare or (hares of fuch deceafed proprietor.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That, no* Not more than dividend or dividends or the profits of the faid undertaking fhall be^ade^V be made or taken by the faid proprietors exceeding in the whole thC proprie- *

ten tort.





p,irH orient (hall direct.

Managers

Anno regni quadragefimo GeOrgit III. c. 97. [j8oOi

ten pounds per centum per annum on the amount of the (urns which (hall have been contributed for raifing the capital cr joint Surplus to be (lock of the faid company, hereby authorised to be raifed j and applied as jn cafe any profits (had be made by means of the faid manufacture beyond the amount of ten pounds per centum per annum oq the faid capital or joint flock, the fame fhaJl be applied to fuch purpofes and in fuch manner as parliament {hall direft.

~	XVII*	Provided	always, and he it further enabled, That the

before*?* rlrA? managers of the faid company Shall yearly, within ten days after menr certain the tw enty-fifth day of March, if parliament (hall be then fitting, accounts. or as loon after as parliament (hall fit, Jay or caufe to be laid before each houfe of parliament a true account of the receipt and application of all monies received and applied by the faid company, and of the quantities of wheat or other grain bought <m each day when purchafes fliall have been made, and the prices paid for the fame, (hewing alfo the quantities in ftore, both of grain and of flour and mc-1, on the firll day of each month throughout the year, ending the thirty-hrll day of December preceding; and nlfo the quantities of fluur and bread manufa&ured by the faid company in each month within the faid preceding year, and of the debts and credits of the faid company on the (aid thirty-firft day of December preceding, and the names of the members of the faid company, and the number of lhares held by each.

The company XVIII. And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful fur ^“g^the faid company to manufacture and fell in every year, corn-certain quan- mencing from the frrfl day of January, any quantity of flour or tity of flour meal not exceeding one hundred and twenty thoufand lacks of or meal year- two hundred and eighty pounds weight avoirdupois each; and tairfauanthy" lt *)c	f°r them to make weekly, any quantity of flour

or meal into bread, not exceeding two hundred lacks of the like weight, and to feil the fame: provided always, That it (hall not be lawful for the laid company, by them reives or their agents, to fell any quantity or quantities of wheat, exceeding in the whole the quantity of one thoufand quarters in any one week.

XJX. And be it further enabled, That it (ball not be lawful

tain quantity of bread weekly*

The company

finer than^ ^or	company	to	make	for	fale,	any	bread	of	a	finer	qua«

ftandard wbeaten bread,

37 Geo. 3. c. 98.

lity than the bread ufually called Standard Whcatcn Bread, or bread made of the whole meal with the bran and pollards only taken ^out.

XX. And whereas, by an afl of parliament, paffed in the thirty* fevenih year of tbe reign of his prejent Alajejly, intituled\ An afl to amend and render more effectual an ad made in the thirty-firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, c An adt for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and affize thereof, and to punilh perfons who (lull adulterate meal, flour, or bread, fo far as the fame relates to the aflize and making of bread to be fold in the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and within the weekly bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchangethe court of mayor and aldermen of London are empowered to fet the ajjize of bread in

London,

18:

Lon

‘A':

1 ■

i:ki ' if (a,

if (ii

tdh

fifi

and

A

fe

proi °f t Vfht

and

nw

errs;

UfX

whi

mil

fan

lc ft

the

1

con

or

fCii

ad or or hr if I

Pi

flci.

per

his

Pi

for

m? i *: ;

.! rec ’ flo Par the

the

* the 1 to 1 1



' ' iBoo.] Anno regnj quadragellmo GeorgiiIII. c. 92*	,8i-j;

■	r..;;, London, and within the bills of mortality, on every Tuefday: and

: whereas, in the tables of afflze forming a part of the faid aft, there ' is no provifion or direftion with refpeft to the price of Jlandard wheaten -- bread: and whereas there is no other provifion or direftion in any table "•of affize refpefting the price ofjlandard wheaten bread, than a certain ...- table of affize contained in an aft paffed in the thirteenth year of hit

■	*prefent Majefly, intituled. An a& for better regulating the affize 13 Geo. 3.

g	and making of bread: and whereas, the	bakers of London,	andc*6%\

. t	within the bills of mortality, are unable	to manufacture and	fell

: Jlandard wheaten bread, by reafon of the faid aft lafl mentioned not .	making a. due allowance to the baker; ana	the faid affize table	net

•:*?	beingJuited to the prefent price of flour: be	it enaded, That all	the Provifions of

> provifions, regulations, and directions contained in the faid act 37 Geo. 3. r) of the tbirty-feventh year of his prefent Majefty, concerning ^ ^^ten ** wheaten bread and houfehold bread, (hall extend to the making and houfehold t and felling of ftandard wheaten bread; and the faid court of bread, fhali mayor and aldermen fhali be empowered, and they are herebv . empowered to fix an affize or price of ftandard wheaten bread, beaten upon fuch principles as they now fix the affize or price of bread, and . , - wheaten and houfehold bread, and that they fhali be enabled to the affize .r make a due allowance to the bakers for making and felling the upon the Ut-. j fame, according to their opinion of what ought fairly to be al- ^p^thefame , j lowed them for their trouble and expence in making and felling principles as the faid ftandard wheaten bread.	the former.

p XXI. And be it further enacted, That no manager of the faid No manager company, or officer or fervant employed in the faid manufactory, officer or in any bufinefs relating thereto, (hall, during the time of his ^alcr^in35 *

« remaining fuch manager, or being employed as aforefaid, aeft as wheat, See. on a dealer in wheat or other grain, or flour or meal, or as a fit£tor penalty of L r. °r agent in the buying or (elling thereof, or (hall buy any wheat 4°8. perquar-or other grain, flour, or meal, for the purpofe of felling the ter* fame for profit or gain, or make for fale, or fell any bread; and if any fuch manager or officer, or other perfon aforefaid, fliall,

! during fuch time as aforefaid, a£t as a deader in wheat or other grain, or flour or meal, or buy or fell any W'heat or other grain, flour, or meal, as a fa&or or agent, for any other perfon or ; \t perfons, or buy any wheat or other grain, or flour or meal, on • his own account, for the purpofe of felling the fame for profit or : gain, or make for fale, or fell any bread, he or (he fhali forfeit*

>'*/ for every quarter of wheat or other grain, or fack of flour or meal, fo bought or fold, and for every fack of flour or meal fo made into bread as aforefaid, the fum of forty (hillings, to be recovered with cofts of fuit, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein ' noeffoign, protection, or wager of law, or more than one ini-parlance (lull be allowed, and to be applied, one half thereof to the poor of the parifh where fuch offence was committed, and'

: the other half to the perfon or perfons who fhali fue for the fame.

T XXII. And be it further enadted, That it fhali be lawful for Shares maw he the feveral proprietors of the faid undertaking, or any of them, to fell and transfer any (hare or {hares which they (hall refpec-Vol. XLII.	Geo	lively





Anno regni quadragtfimo Georgii lit. c. 97. | lively be entitled to therein, and every fuch transfer (hall beta the form or to the efic£t following; (videlicet).

1! up

form.

C T	a®gn	anc*	transfer	to	[ti*	mh\	,

X his executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, all thofe oj ‘ (hares in the capital or joint (lock of the Lonbn coo* 1 pany for the tnannfaduFC of flour, meal, and bread, tod all mj 1 right and intereft therein. Witncfs my hand this day of

to vote.

If ito,oooU flsall not be fuffident

Transfer to And every fuch transfer (hall be regiftered in the boob of the ^thTbooto company, and a copy of fuch regifter, figned by their derk of the com- or olhcr officer duly authori fed thereto, wall be fufficient eri-pany, or the dence of every fuch fale and transfer: provided always, Tte parchafen until fuch transfer (hall be fo regiftered in the books of the fai ^kledtoanv	as aforefaid, no purchafer or purchafers of any (hart

dividends, oc or Atares in the faid company (hall have any part or (hare of the profits of the faid undertaking, nor any intereft or dividend paid to him, her, or them for or in refpedt of fuch (hare or (hares lb purchased, nor be entitled to vote as a proprietor or proprietor* of the faid undertaking.

XXIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if the faid fum of one hundred and twenty thoufand pounds herein-before authorifai to ^oooJ?more ^ (hall be found infufficient for the carrying on, or corn-may be ratfed. pleting and maintaining of the faid undertaking, then and in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the faid company, after a refold-■ tioft for that purpofe (hall have been pafled at any general or fpecial meeting of the faid company, to raife for the purpofe aforefaid any further fum or fums of money not exceeding in the whole the fum of thirty thoufand pounds, and that fuch further fum or fums may be raifed by further fubfcriptions to the amowi of the faid thirty thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, untie and fubjed to fuch and the fame rules, orders, and regulation as in and bv this a& are mentioned, exprefTed, declared, & contained with refpefl to the faid one hundred and twenty thor fand pounds, as fully and eftedtuafly, to all intents and purpefc as if fuch blither fum or ferns hereby allowed to be raifed & originally conffituted part of the faid one hundred and two? thoufand pounds; and the fubferibers of fuch further fumor (ums (hall be members of the (aid company, and entidtd e>(he feme advantages and privileges, and fubjedt to the famewbyi orders, and regulations as are hereby given and provided io ft*:; fpe&of the fubferibers to the (aid one hundred and twenty thoiK fand pounds.	}

Tfceaddl- XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enafled,Tki twaalfum fa company (hall be defirous of raifmg the faid addition1 fum of thirty thoufand pounds, or any part thereof, by monpft

Of faOftd* "	UamJ	i>U	a M nn/I • rt /*■ < aU	2. /la «II U m I<* I Cu* *L« fL' J m.

or bond, then aod in fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for the hid cov pany, purfuant to a refolution to be pafled in that behalf it» meeting of the faid company, to borrow and take up it fr1 tereft tire (aid fum of thirty thoufand pounds, or any part thtri

f*;

i

 v^ooQle

jf,

r:rH

. Ti; •?.!

t> %,»*

r-

P^i

t-'jst . irM

;jfr£^

;£*»

:j

9

his executors, admini-together with per centum pet Given under our corn-

er

. l"' 5*'

H

f;;.5 £>’ (^

$

%

?8oo.] Anno regniquadragefimo Georoii III. c. 97.'	817

upon the credit of the faid undertaking, as to them (hall feettt meet and convenient\ and the faid company of proprietors are hereby accordingly fully authorifed and empowered to grant* allign, and make over all their lands, buildings, and appurtenance^ property and,effects, or any part thereof* as a (ecurity for the fum or fums of money fo to be borrowed, with legal intereft, unto the perfon or perfons who (hail lend and advance the fame, or as he or they (hall direft; all which alignments (hall be made under the common feal of the faid company, and may |^^he follow, be according to the form following; (that is to fay),	iqg

4 T3 Y virtue of an a St of parliament made in the fortieth year fonn.

J3 of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, [fet forth the title of the	we, the London company for the manufacture

of flour; meal, and bread, incorporated by virtue of the faid acfc, in confideration of the fum of to us paid by A. B. of do hereby bargain, fell, and affigh, unto the faid A. B. his executors, admioiftratois, and afligns, all [deferibe the property to be comprized in the ficurity) and ail the eftare, right, title, and in-	• ■	•*

tereft, of us the faid company, of, in, to, or out of the fame re(pe&ivdy, to hold unto the faid A< B, ftrators, and afligns, until the fum of inter eft for the fame after the rate of annum, (hall be fully paid and fatisfled. mon feal the	day	of

And the money fo to be borrowed as aforefaid (hall be applied	"

and difpofed of for completing, carrying on, and maintaining the faid undertaking, and for carrying the federal powers and authorities hereby given into execution.

XXV.	And hie it further enabled. That an entry or memorial An entry of of every fuch aflignment or mortgage as aforefaid, containing every affrgiT-the date, names of the parties, and the fum thereby fecured,	t^-

with the rate of intereft to be paid for the fame, (hall be made or clerk to the entered in a book to be kept for that purpofe by the clerk to the company in • laid company, and that fuch book (hall and may be perufed gratis book which at all feafonable times, by any of the proprietors of the faid on- ™ dertaking; and that all and every perfon and perfons to whom by the pro-any fuch affignment ,or mortgage (had be made as aforefoid, or prietors. who (hall be entitled to the money thereby fecured, (hall and Alignments may from time to time a/Agn or transfer, his, her,1 or their jpy ** traQf-right and intereft therein onto any perfon or perfons * whom- rrcd* foever, either by indorfement thereon or otherwife, which transfer (hall and may be made according to the form following;

( videlicet),

4 T A* S. do hereby transfer the within mortgage Jor, a certain Form of X mortgage made to me by the London company for the mami- transfer, failure of flour, meal, and bread, bearing date the day of	] and the principal fum of	thereby

fecured} amd the iotcreftnow due and hereafter to grow due for

c c 0 2	the	t

 VJ . FiC

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 97. [1J00. the fame, and all my right and property therein, unto CD. tf his executors, adminillrators and afligns. Dated this	day	of

Transfers to be entered.

And every fuch transfer (hall, within twenty-eight days after the date thereof, be produced to the clerk, or one of the clerks to the faid company, who (hall caufe an entry or memorial thereof to the fame purport and effect as herein-before direfted with rc-fpeft to the original alignment or mortgage, to be made or entered in the book to be kept for entering fuch original alignments or mortgages; and that after fuch entry (hall be made, but not before, fuch transfer (hall entitle fuch affignec or affignees, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, to the full benefit of the original mortgage.*

Intereft of XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That mortgages to the intereft of the money which (hall be borrowed by mortgage yearly in pre- as af°rekid, (hall be paid half-yearly, to the perfon or perfons

fcrence to dividends.

No member

or officer of

iE

pia

ac)

ihi

fha

del

ha'

del

his

dii

eei

eS

or

entitled thereto, in preference to any intereft or dividend which ihall become due and payable by virtue of this aft to the (aid company of proprietors, or any of them, and (hall from time to time be fully paid and difeharged, or provided for, before any fuch intereft or dividends due to the faid proprietors (hall be paid or made ; and fuch intereft when due (ball and may be fued for and recovered, with cofts of fuir, by an aftion ot debt, or on the cafe, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wtjlmjltr, XXVII. And be it further enafted, That no perfon who (hall be a member, or a manager or other officer of the faid company, difabled^from ^or c^at cau^e only be difabled from being a member of par-fitting in par. Jiament, or (hall, in refpeft of his (hare or (hares therein, be or foment, or be adjudged liable to be a bankrupt within the intent and

^ahb^arefomean*n^	°r	^atutes ma(*c or cooccrn'n8

fobletobea ^anlcruP^s*

bankrupt. XXVlII. And be it further enafted, That if any aftion, fuit, Limitation of or information (hall be brought againft any perfon or perfons for wftions. any thing done by him or them in purfuance of this aft, or in the execution of the powers and authorities, or the orders and 4	dire&ions	herein-before	given	or granted, every fuch aftion, fuit,

or information, (hall be brought or commenced within fix calendar months next after the faft committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be brought* laid, and tried in the county where foe matter in djfpute (hall arife, and not elfewhere; and that the defendant or defendants in all fuch aftions or fuits may plead the General iffuc. general iflue, and give tins aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial or trials to be had thereupon, and that the lame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft ; and if it (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch aftion, fuit, or information, (hall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought or laid in any other county or place than as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe the jury (ball find for the defendant or defendants; and if a verdift (hall be found for the defendant or defendants* or if the plaintiff or

plaintifif

de

ju

 

8x9

Treble cofbu

His Majefty may ditfolvc the company or fufpend their proceedings.

Publick ad.

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Geokgu III. c. 98.

plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their adion, Am, or information, after the defendant or defendants /hall have appeared, or if upon demurrer or other wife judgement /hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants in every fuch cafe lhall have treble cofts, and /hall have fuch remedy for recovery of the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in other cafes by Jaw.

XXIX.	Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful for his Majefty, if he fhalLfo think fit, by his order in council, to diffolve the faid company, or to fufpend all or any of the proceedings of the fame; fuch di/Tolution or fufpenfion being to take effed not fooner than fix months from and after the date of fuch order in council.

XXX.	And be it further enaded, That this ad fhall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick ad, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XCVIIT.

An aft to reflrain all tru/is and direftions in deeds or wills, whereby theprofits or produce of real or perfonal eft ate /ball be accumulated\ ana the beneficial enjoyment thereof poflponed beyond the time therein limited.—[ J uly 28,* 1800. ]

WHEREAS it is expedient that all difpofuions of real or perfonal Preamble.

ejlates, whereby the profits and produce thereof are dir eftcd to ho accumulated, and the beneficial enjoyment thereof is poflponed, Jhould be madefubjeft to the rejtriftions herein-after contained: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That no perfon or perfons /hall, after the palling of this ad, No perfon, by by any deed or deeds, furrender or furrenders, will, codicil, or iailftttle otherwife howfoever, fettle or difpofe of any real or perfonal pro- or difpofe of perty, fo and in fuch manner that the rents, iffues, profits, or any real or produce thereof, (hall be wholly or partially accumulated for any perfonal pro-longer term than the life or lives of any fuch grantor or grantors, ^annerthat fettler or fettlers, or the term of twenty-one years from the death the rents or of any fuch grantor, fettler, devifor, or teftator, or during the produce fhalL minority or refpedive minorities of any perfon or perfons who j* accumulate /halJ be living, or in ventre fa mere at the time of the death of than"^ fuch grantor, devifor, or teftator, or during the minority or herein men-refpedive minorities only of any perfon or perfons who, un'der tioned, and the ufes or trufts of the deed, furrender, will,, or other affuran- °*her ,ces, direding fuch accumulations, would, for the time being, if t^yoi^amd of full age, be entitled unto the rents, iffues, and profits, or the the rents go intereft, dividends, or annual produce, fo direded to be accumu- to the perfons lated; and in every cafe where any accumulation (hall be direded entitled there-otlierwife than as aforefaid, fuch diredion lhall be null and void,to* and the rents, iffues, profits, and produce of fuch property fo C c c 3	direded

Bio	Anno regni qnadrfcgefimo Georg it HI. c. 99, [1800.

directed to be accumulated, (hall, fo long as the fame (hall be direfted to be accumulated contrary to the provifion* of this -aft, go to and be received by fuch perfon or perfons as would hcve been entitled thereto if fuch accumulation had not been direfted.

No*bin"here-	jj# Provided always,* and be it ena&ed, That nothing in this

any^proy?iion° a(^ contained (hall extend to any provifion for payment of debts fdrpaymentofof any grantor, fettler, or devifor, or other perfon or perfons, or d^bts or for to ar.y provifion For raifing portions for any child or children of tfona foPOIh‘l Srantor» fetder» or devifor, or any child or children of any d rJIu or ton ch- Pe.r^on taking any intereft under any fuch conveyance, fettlcment, the pro- or devife, or to any direftion touching the produce of timber or wood upon any lands or tenements, but that all fuch provifiora and directions (halt and maybe made and given as if this ad had not paffed.

III.	Provided a]fo, and be it enafted, That nothing in this ad

m

duce of'tim*-ber 1

fro-

contained (hall extend to any difpofition refpeftinghereuble pi perty within that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

IV. Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That the reftriflions in this ad contained (hall take effeft and be in force with refped to

nor to any difpotition of hcretable property in Scotland.

Whin reilric-	^	t	^	^	^	^	^	w

effea l\fthakC an(* teftaments made and executed before the paffing of

refpcft to	this aft; in fuch cafes only where the devifor or teftator (ball be

wills made	living, and of found and difpofing mind, after the expiration of

before the paf- twelve calendar months from the paffing of this aft* ling of this	r 0

CAP. XCIX.

An aft for better regulating the bufinefs of pawnbrokers —[July 28,

1800.J

Preamble. 36 Geo. 3, recited.

Pawnbrokers Allowed to take certain rates.

1

WHEREAS an aft was pafftd in the thirty-jixth year of tit reign of bis prefent Majejly, intituled, An acl for regulating the trade or bufinefs of pawnbrokers, which was to fo in forte fr three whole years, and from thence until the end of the then ntxtfcpi of parliament, and no longer: and whereas it inexpedient that fn• vifion Jhould be made for more ejfeftteally regulating the trade or bum of pawnbrokers, from the time when thejaid aft will exf ire: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, andcom-mons, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid aft paffed in the thiny-fixth yearof the reign of his prefent Majefty, for regulating the trade or bub-nets of pawnbrokers,, (hall be, and tftc fame is hereby declared to be in full force and effeft until the expiration of the prefent fefnon of parliament, and from and after fuch expiration this aft (hall commence and take effeft, and be put in execution, infteid of the faid recited aft.

II.	And be it further enafted, That upon and from the cow* mencement of this aft, it (ball be lawful for all perfons ufingand exercifing the trade or bufinefs of a pawnbroker, to demand, receive, and take, of and from aU and every perfon and period*

»ppl)'ioj

Digitized

i by 

i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Geokgii III. c. 99.	81	j

applying or offering to redeem any goods or chattels pawned or pledged with fuch pawnbroker, a profit, after the following races, over and above the principal fum and Aims which (hall have been lent and advanced upon the refpe&i ve pledge or pledges, before aav fuch pawnbroker (hall be obliged to redeliver the fame ; (videlicetjt

For every pledge upon which there (hall have been lent anyJUtd Aim not exceeding two /hillings and fixpence, the fum of one halfpenny for any time during which the laid pledge (hall remain in pawn not exceeding one calendar month, and the fame for every calendar month afterwards, including the current month in which fuch pledge (hall be redeemed, although fuch month (ball not be expired:

For every pledge upon which there (ball have been lent the fum of five (hillings, one penny:

For every pledge upon which there (hall have been lent (even (hillings and fixpence, one penny halfpenny:

For every pledge upon which there (hall have been lent ten (billings, two-pence:

For every pledge upon which there (hall have been lent twelve (hillings and fixpence, two-pence halfpenny:

For every pledge upon which there (hall have been lent fifteen (hillings, three-pence:

For every pledge upon which there (ball have been lent Seventeen (hillings and fixpence, three-pence halfpenny:

For every pledge upon which there (hall have been lent one pound, four-pence, and fo oh progreffively and in proportion for any fum not exceeding forty (hillings:

For every pledge upon which there (hall have been lent any fum of money exceeding forty (hillings and .not exceeding forty-two (hillings, eight-pence:

And for every pledge upon which there (hall have been lent any fum exceeding forty-two (hillings and not exceeding ten pounds, at and after the rate of three-pence, and no morc^ for the loan of every twenty (hillings for all fuch money (b lent, by the calendar month, including the current month; and (bin proportion for any fra&ional fum:

Which faid feveral fums (hall be taken in lieu of and as a full fatisfa&ion for all intereft due, and charges for warehoufe room. ^

III.	And be it further cnadbd by the authority aforefaid. That intermediate in all cafes where any intermediate fum lent upon any pawn or fum lent expledge (hall exceed the fum of two (hillings and fixpence and cegd* ^

. not exceed the fum of forty (hillings, the perfon lending the	.

(hall and may take, by way of profit as aforefaid, at and after the rate of four-pence and no more, for the loan of twenty (hillings for the tan by the calendar month, including the current month as aforefaid. sos. by the

IV.	Provided always, and be it further cna&ed, Thar, in all

cafes where the fum to be demanded, received, and taken by any Er0*... pawnbroker or pawnbrokets, his, her, or their fervant or agent, {ogive hr. of and from any pcrfpn or perfons applying or offering to redeem things im *

0 c c 4	any	change.

 

S ii Arino regni quadragefimo Georgii III. o. 99. [1800-

Limiting the profits for part of a month.

Pawns to be entered in books.

any goods or chattfejs pawned or pledged with fuch pawnbroker or pawnbrokers, either as profit upon any fum lent, or at pan principal and part profit, (hall amount to a total fum of which the piece of money of the lowed denomination (hall be one fir* thing; and where the perfon or perfons fo applying or offering to redeem fuch goods or chattels (hall have paid down the fum due for fuch principal and profit, or for fuch profit only (as the cafe may be) except the lad remaining farthing, and (ball not be able to produce and pay to fuch pawnbroker or pawnbrokers, his, her, or their fervant or agent, a current farthing,* and which (hall be to the fatisfa&ion and lining of fuch perfon or perfons to receive the fame, but (hall in lieu thereof tender to fuch perfon or perfons to receive the fame one halfpennyx in order to difeharge the faid remaining farthing fo due as aforefaid, the (aid pawnbroker or pawnbrokers, fii$, her, or their fervant or agent, to whom fuch tender of a halfpenny for fuch purpofe as aforefaid (hall be made, (hall, in exchange thereof, deliver unto fuch perfon or perfons fo redeeming goods as aforefaid, one good and lawful farthing, of the current coin of this kingdom, or in default thereof (hall wholly abate the faid remaining farthing from the total fum to be received by him or them of luch perfon or perfons fo redeeming goods or chattels as aforefaid.

V.	Provided always, and be it further cnafled, That in all cafes where the party or parries entitled to and applying for the redemption of goqds pawned within the fpace of feven days after the expiration of the firft calendar month after the fame (hallhare been pledged, he, (tie, or they (hall and may be at liberty tore-deem the fame without paying any thing by way of profit to the pawnbroker for the faia feven days, or fuch part thereof as (hall then have elapfed ; and that in all cafes where the party or parties fo entitled, and applying as aforefaid after the expiration of the faid firft feven days, and before the expiration of the firft fourteen days of the fecond calendar month, he, (he, or they (hall and may be at liberty to redeem fuch goods, upon paying jhe profit payable forone calendar month and the half of another calendar month to the pawnbroker; but that in all cafes where the party or parties fo entitled ancf applying as aforefaid, after the expiration of the faid firft fourteen days, and before the expiration of the faid fecond calendar month, it (hall be lawful for the pawnbroker to demand and take the.profit of the whole fecond month; and that the like regulation and reftriction (hall take

. place and be in force in every fubfequent calendar month, wherein application,(hall be made for redeeming gqod$ pawned.

VI.	And be it further enadted, That all and every perfon and perfons who, from and after the commencement of this aft, (hall take by way of pawn or pledge, of or from any perfon or perfons whomfoever, any goods or chattels, of what kind foever the lame (ha!I be, and whereon (hall be lent any fum of money exceeding five (hillings, (hqll forthwith, and before he, (he, or they (hall or may advance or lend any money upon fuch pawn or pledge, enter pr caufe to be entered, in a fair and regular manner, in a book or

 LjOOQle

823

x8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georg 11 III. c. 99.

books to be kept by him, her, or them for that purpofe, a de-feription of the goods or chattels which he, (he, or they (hall receive in pawn, pledge, or exchange, and alfo the fum of money * to be advanced or lent thereon, with the day of the month and year on which, and the name of the perfon or perfons by whom luch goods or chattels are fo pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and the name of the ftreet and number of the houfe, if the fame (hall be faid to be numbered, where fuch perfon (hall abide, and whether fuch perfon or perfons is or are a lod-ger in, or the keeper of fuch houfe, by ufing the letter “ L” if a lodger, and the letter u H ” if a houfekeeper, and alfo the name and place of abode of the owner or owners of fuch goods and chattels, according to the information of the perfon pawning, pledging, or exchanging the fame, into all which circumftances the pawnbroker is hereby required to enquire of the party pawning, before any money (hall be lent or advanced, and in all cafes where the money lent on any fuch goods or chattels (hall not exceed the fum of five (hillings, fuch entry (hall be made in fuch book or books, by all and every, fuch perfon and perfons fo taking the fame by Way of pawn, pledge, or exchange as aforefaid, within four hours next after the faid goods and chattels (hall have been fo pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforefaid 5 and every pledge upon which (hall be lent any fum of money above ten (hillings,

(hall be entered in the manner aforefaid in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, feparate and apart from all other pledges whatever; and every fuch entry of fuch pledge whereon (hall be lent any fum of money exceeding ten (hillings, (hall be numbered in fuch book or books progreflively as they are received in pawn, in the manner following; (videlicet)9 the firft pledge that is received in pawn in the month of September next, (hall be numbered N« i, the fecond N« 2, and fo on progreflively until the end of the month; and the firft pledge that is received in the next month, (hall be numbered N* 1, and the fecond N° 2, and fo on progreflively and in like manner until the end of the month; and the like regulation with refpedf to the numbers of all pledges above ten (hillings, (hall be obferved in every fuc-ceeding month throughout the year; and upon every note or memorandum refpedling any fuch pledge whereon (hall be lent any fum exceeding ten (hillings as aforefaid, (hall be fairly and legibly written or printed the number of the entry of fuch pledge fo entered in fuch book or books as aforefaid ; and every fuch Pawnbroker* perfon (hall, at the time of the taking of every pawn, pledge, or %fS-IbiniT^ exchange whatfoever, give to the perfon or perfons fo pawning, things 8 pledging, or exchanging the fame, a note or memorandum, fairly pawned, and legibly written or printed, or in part written and in part printed, containing therejn in like manner a defeription of the goods and chattels which he, (he or they have received in pawn, pledge, or exchange, and alfo the fum pf money advanced thereon, with the day of the month and year on which, and the name and plac6 of abode, and number of the houfe, if faid to be numbered", “Of tho perfon or perfons by whom fuch goods or ‘	*	^battels

L.oogie

The amount of profits on duplicates in-dorfed bn pledgeB re-deemed*

Penalty againft unlawfully pawning goods the property of others.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III* c. 99* [i8od.

chattels are fo pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and whether fuch perfon is a lodger or houfekeeper as aforefaid, by ufing the letter “ L99 if a lodger, and the letter u H ” if a houfekeeper, and alio the name and place of abode of the owner or owners thereof, according to the information aforefaid, and upon which hid note or memorandum, or on the back whereof, (hall be moreover fairly written or printed, the name and place of abode of the pawnbroker giving the fame, which (aid note or memorandum the party and .parties pawning, pledging, or exchanging the bid goods or chatteJs (hall, and he, (he, or they is ana are hereby required to accept and take in all cafes, and the pawnbroker Hull not receive and retain fuch pledge unlefs the party pledging or offering to pledge the lame (hall accept and take fuch note or memorandum; and every fuch note, where the fum lent (hall be lefs than five (hillings, (hall be delivered gratis; and where the fum lent fhall be five (hillings or upwards, and lefs than ten {hillings, fuch pawnbroker fhall and may rake one halfpenny for the fame; and where the fum lent (hall be ten (hillings or upwards, and lefs than twenty /hillings, fuch pawnbroker (ball and may take one penny for the fame; and where the fum lent fhall be twenty {hillings or upwards, and lefs than five pounds, the fum of two-pence for the fame; and where the fum lew (hall be five pounds or upwards, the fum of four-pence and nomorc; and which note fhall be produced to the pawnbroker before he or (he fhall be obliged to re-deliver the refpetiive goods or chattels, except as herein-afier is excepted.

VII.	And be it further enafled. That in all cafes where any , goods or chattels pawned or pledged fhall be redeemed, the

pawnbroker of whom the fame (hall be redeemed (hall, at the lime of fuch redemption, fairly and legibly write or indorfe, or caufe to be written or indorfed, upon every duplicate reipetiiog fuch pawn or pledge, the amount of the profit taken by him, or 00 his accounr, on the money lent upon fuch goods or chattels (0 redeemed, and fhall keep fuch duplicate in his cuftody for the fpace of one year then next following.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That, from and after the commencement of this aft, if any perfon or perfons (ball knowingly and defignedly pawn, pledge, or exchange, or unlawfully difpofc of the goods or chattels of any other perfon or perfons, not being employed or authorifed by the owner or owners thereof fo to do, it (hall be lawful for any jufticeto gram his warrant to apprehend any perfon fo offending, and if he, fhe, or they (hall be thereof convi&ed, by the oath of any credible witnefc or wit-neffes, or by the confcflion of the perfon or perfons charged with fuch offence, before any juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place where the offence (hall be committed, (which oath every fuch juftice or juftices as aforefaid is and are hereby empowered and required to admjnifter), every fuch offender fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding five pounds nor left than twenty {billings, and aUq the full value of the goods or chattels fo pawned,

 L,ooQle

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Geor-gii III. c. 99.	$£5

pledged, exchanged, or difpofed of, fuch value to be afcertained by fuch juftice or juftices ; and in cafe the laid forfeitures (hall not be forthwith paid, the juftice or juftices of the peace as afore -faid before whom fuch convi&ion (hall be had, (hall commit the party or parties fo convidted to the houfe of correction or fome other publick prifon of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place wherein the offender or offenders (hall refide, or be convided, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for a fpace not exceeding three calendar months, unlefs the faid forfeitures (hail be fooner paid ; and if within three d3ys before the expiration of the faid term of commitment the faid forfeitures (hall not be paid, the faid juftice or juftices, at his and their difererion, may order the perfon or perfons fo convicted to be publickly whipped in the houfe of correction or prifon to which the offender or offenders (hall have been committed, or in fome other publick place of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place where the offence (hall have been committed, as to fuch juftice or juftices (hall feem proper; and the faid refpec-tive forfeitures, when recovered, (hall be applied towards making fatisfa&ion thereout to the party or parties injured, and defraying the cofts of the profecution, as (hall be adjudged reafonable by the juftice or juftices before whom fiich convidion (hall be had; but if the party or parties injured (hall decline to accept of fuch fatisfadion and cofts, or if there (hall be any overplus of the faid refpedive forfeitures, after making fuch fatisfadion and paying fuch cofts as aforefaid, then fuch refpedive forfeitures, or the overplus thereof (as the cafe (hall happen) (hall be paid and applied to and for the ufe of the poor of the parifh or place where fuch offence (hall have been committed, and (hall be paid to the overfeers of the poor of fuch parifh or place for that purpofe.

IX.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon or perfons Perfon forg-whomfoever (hall counterfeit, forge, or alter, or caufe or pro- ing or coun* cure to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, any fuch note or memorandum as aforefaid, or (hall utter, vend, or fell any fuch noteas aforefaid, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, with intent to defraud any perfon or perfons whom-foever, in all or any or either of the faid cafes, fuch perfon or perfons (hall'be puniftied in manner herein-after mentioned; and it (ball be lawful for any perfon or perfons, his, her, or their fervants or agents to whom any note (hall be uttered or produced,

(hewn or offered, which he, (he, or they (hall have reafon to fufped 10 have been counterfeited, forged, or altered, to feize and detain fuch perfon or peafons uttering, producing, (hewing, or offering the fame, and to deliver him, her, or them, as foon os conveniently may be, into the cuftody of a conftable, or	,

other peace officer, who (hall and is hereby required, as foon as conveniently may be, to convey fuch perfon or perfons before fome juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, wherein the offence (hall be fuppofed to have been committed; and if upon examination it

n fliajl

 vjOOQIC

826	Anno	regni	quadragefimo	Georgii	HL	c.	99,	[1800,	|

(hall.appear to the fatisfadtiop of fuch juftice or juftices, that the > perfon or perfons charged with having committed any fuch I offence is or are guilty thereof, then, and in every fuch cafe, the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby authoiifed and requited to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol or houfe of correction of the county, riding, divifton, city, liberty, towo, or place wherein the offence (hall be committed, there to be imprifoned for any^time not exceeding the fpacc of three calendar months, at the diferetion of fuch juftice or juftices. Perfons not X. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe any perfon of giving a good pCrfons who (hall offer by way of pawn, pledge, exchange, or themfeUvs on any g00^s or chattels, (hall not be able, or (hall refofe to ottering to give a fatisfa&ory account of himfelf, herfelf, or thcmfclves, or pawn goods, of the means by which he, (he, or they became pofleffed of fuch liable to pu- g0Qds or chattels, or (hail wilfully give any falfe information to jh Ament.	pawnbroker,	or	to	his or her fcrvant or fervants, as to whe-

ther fuch goods or chattels are his, her, or their own property, or not, or of his or her name and place of abode, or of thename and place of abode of the owner or owners of the faid goods or chattels, or if there (hall be any other reafon to fufpetf that fuch goods or chattels are ftolen, or otherwife illegally or clandeftinely obtained, or if any perfon or perfons not entitled, nor having any colour of title by law to redeem goods or chattels in pledge or pawn, (hall attempt or endeavour to redeem the fame, it M be lawful for any perfon or perfons, his, her,.or their fefrants or agents, to whom fuch goods or chattels (hall be (o offered, or with whom fuch goods or chattels are in pledge, tofeizeand detain fuch perfon or perfons and the faid goods or chattels, and to deliver fuch perfon or perfons immediately into the cuftodyof a conftable or other peace officer, who (hall and is hereby required, as foon as may be, to convey fuch perfon or perfons, and the faid goods or chattels fo offered, before fome juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divilion, city, liberty, town, or place wherein the offence (hall be fuppofed to have been committed; and if fuch juftice or juftices (hail, upon examination and enquiry, have caufe to lufpcS that the faid goods or chattels were ftolen, or illegally or clandeftinely obtained, or that the perfon or perfons offering and endeavouring to redeem the fame, (hall not have any pretence or colour>of right to redeem the fame, it (hall be (awful for fuch juftice or juftices to commit fuch perfon or perfons into fafe cuftody, for fuch rea-fonable time a6 (hall be neceflary for the obtaining proper information on the fubjefl, in order to be further examined; and if upon either of the faid examinations it (hall appear to the latis-fa&ion of fuch juftice or juftices that the faid goods or chattels were ftolen, or illegally or clandeftinely obtained, or th2t the perfon or perfons offering or endeavouring to redeem the lame, hath or have" not any pretence or colour of right fo to do, the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby authorifed and required to commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol or boufe Qf correction of the county, riding, diviixon, city, liberty-,

town,



1800.] Anno regni qoadragefimo Georoii III. c. 99.	827

town, or place wherein the offence (hall be committed, there to be dealt with according to law, where the nature of the offence (hall authorife fuch commitment by any other law, and where the nature of the offence (hall not authorife fuch commitment by any other law, then fuch commitment (hall be for any time not exceeding three calendar months, at the diferetion of fuch juftice or juftices.	■	<f

XI* And be it further enaCted, That, from and after the Perfons bur-commencement of this act, if any perfon or perfons (hall know* !n£ taking ingly buy or take in zt a pledge or pawn, or in exchange, any flJ,mied goods or any manufacture, or of any part or branch of any ma- linen, Qr ap-~ nufadture, either mixed or feparate, or any materials whatsoever p^rd entmrtcd plainly intended for the compofing or manufacturing of any goods, after fuch goods or materials refpe&ively are put into a	*

ftate or courfe of manufacture, or into a ftate for any procefs or double the operation to be thereupon or therewith performed, and before fum lent, and fuch goods or materials are completed or finilhed for the purpofes of wear or confumption, or any linen or apparel, which goods, go materials, linen, or apparel, are or ihall be entrufted to any perfon or perfons to wafh, fcour, iron, mend, manufacture, work up, finifh, or make up, and (hall be convicted of the fame on the oath of one credible witnefs, or on confeffion of the party or parties, before one or more juftice or juftices, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit double the fum given for or lent on the fame, to be paid to the poor of the parilh where the offence is committed, to be recovered in the fame manner as any other forfeitures are by this aCt direded to be recovered, and (hall likewife be obliged to reftore the faid goods and materials to the owner or owners thereof, in the prefence of the faid juftice or juftices.	»•»

XII. And be it further enafled. That if the owner or owners Empowering of any goods of any manufacture, or of any part or branch of peace officers any manufacture, either mixed or feparate, or. any materials whatfoever, plainly intended for the compofing or manufacturing goods unlaw-of any goods, after fuch goods or materials refpeCtively are put fully oome by. into a ftate or courfe of manufacture, or into a ftate for any procefs or operation to be thereupon or therewith performed, and before fuch goods or materials are completed or finiihed for the purpofes of wear or confumption, or any linen or apparel, which goods, materials, linen, or apparel are or (hall be fo intruded as aforefaid, unlawfully pawned, pledged; or exchanged, (hall make out either on his, her, or their oath, or by the oath of any credible witnefs, or, being one of the people called jQuakerby folemn affirmation, before any juftice or juftices of the peace within his or their jurifdiCtion, that there is juft caufe to fufpeCfc that any perfon or perfons within the jurifdiCtion of any fuch juftice or juftices hath or have taken to pawn, or by way of pledge or in exchange, any fuch goods or materials, linen or apparel, fo intruded as aforefaid, of fuch owner or owners, and without the privity or authority of fuch owner or owners thereof, and (hall make appear, to the (atisfacUon of any fuch juftice of

Digitized b;	C

Anna regni quadragefimo Georcii III. c* 99. [1800.

juftices, probable grounds for fuch the fufpicion of the owner or owners thereof, then and in any fuch cafe any juftice or juftiett of the peace, within his or their jurifdidion, may iliac his or their warrant for fearebing, within the hours of bofinefs, the houfe, warehoufe, or other place of any fuch perfon or perfont who (hall be charged, on oath or affirmation as aforefaid, as fufpe&ed to have received or taken in pawn or by way of pledge, or in exchange, any fuch goods or materials, linen or apparel, without the privity of or authority from the owner or owners thereof; and if the occupier or occupiers of any houfe, ware-houfe, or other place wherein any fuch goods, materials, linen, or apparel, (hall on oath or affirmation as aforefaid be charged or fufpe&ed to be, (hall, after the commencement of this aft, on requeft made to him, her, or them, to open the fame, by any peace officer aurhorifed to fearch there by warrant from any juftice or juft ices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, in which fuch houfe, warehoufe, or other place (hall be fituate, refute to open the fame and permit the fame to be fearched, it (hall be lawful for any peace officer to break open any fuch houfe, warehoufe, or other place, within 'the hours of bufinefs, and to fearch as he (hall think fit therein for the goods, materials, linen, or apparel fufpefted to be theft, doing no wilful damage; and no pawnbroker or other perfon or . perfons fhall oppofe or hinder any fuch fearch; and if upon the fearch of the houfe, warehoufe, or other place of any fuch faf-pedted perfon or perfons as aforefaid, any of the goods, materials, linen, or apparel, which (hall have been fo pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforefaid (hall be found, and the property of Ac owner or owners thereof (ball be made out to the fatisfiftion of any fuch juftice or jnftices, by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefics, or if any fuch witnefs or witodfesihall be of the people called Quakers, by folemn affirmation, or by the confeflion of the perfon or perfons charged with any filch offence, any fuch juftice or juftices (hall thereupon caufe the goods, mate* rials, linen, or apparel, found on any fuel) fearch, and pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforefaid, to be forthwith reftored to the owner or owners thereof.

Where goods XIII. And be it further enafted, That if the owner or owners are unlaw fully of any goods or chattels unlawfully pawned, pledged, or «-pawned, the changed, (hall make out, cither on his, her, or their oath, or by the oath of any credible witnefs, or, being one of the people called Quakers, by folemn affirmation, before any juftice or juftices ofme peace within his or their jurifdidlion, that fuch owner or owners hath or have had his, her, or their goods or chattels unlawfully obtained or taken from him, her, or them, and that there is juft caufe ro fufpedl that any perfon or perfons within the jurifdldion of any fuch juftice or juftices hath or have taken to pawn, or by way of pledge, or in exchange, any goods or chattels of fuch owner or owners, and without the privity or authority of fuch owner or owners thereof, and fhall make appear, to the fathfa&ion of any fuch juftice or jufticeS) probable grounds for

fuch

pawnbroker to reft ore them*

 L.ooQle

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georg n III. c. 99*	829

fuch the fufpicion of the owner or owners thereof, then and fi* any fuch cafe any juftice or juftices of the peace within his ot their jurifdi&ion may iflue his or their warrant for fearching, within the hours of bufincfs, the houfe, warehoufe, or other place of any fuch perfon or perfons who (hall be charged on oatfi or affirmation as aforefaid as fufpe£cd to have received or taken in pawn, or by way of pledge or in exchange, anv f-.ch goods or chattels, without .the privity of, or authority from the owner or owners thereof; and if the occupier or occupiers of any houfe, warehoufe, or other place wherein any fuch goods or chattels (hall on oath or affirmation as aforefaid be charged or fufpeefed to be, fhai!, after the commencement of this act, 00 requeft tnade to him, her, or them to open the fame by any peace officer authorifed to fcarch there, by warrant from a juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, pr place, in which fuch houfe, warehoufe, or other place (hall be fituate, refufe to open the fame, and permit the fame to be fearched, it (hall be lawful for any peace officer to break open any fuch houfe, warehoufe, or other place, within the hours of bufinefs, and to fearch as he (hall think fit therein, for the goods or chattels fufpe&ed to be there, doing no wilful damage; add no pawnbroker or other perfon or perfons (hall oppofe or hrndejr any Fuch fearch; and if upon the fearch of the houfe, warehoufe, or other place of any fuch fufpefted perfon or perfons as aforefaid, any of the goods or chattels which (hall have been fo pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforefaid (hall be found, and the property of the owner or owners from whom the fame (hail have been unlawfully obtained or taken, (hall be made out to the fa-tisfa&ion of any fuch juftice or juftices by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefies, or if any fuch witnefs or wit-neiTes (hall be of the people called Quaker^ by foiemn affirmation, or by the confeflion of the perfon or perfons charged with any fuch offence, any fuch juftice or juftices (ball thereupon caufe the goods and chattels found on any fuch fearch, and pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforefaid, to be forthwith reftored to the owner or owners thereof,

XIV. And be it further enafled. That, from and after the PunHhingt!« commencement of this a<ft, if any goods or chattels (hall be pawnbroker pawned or pledged (or fecuring any money lent thereon, not Yjj? wil1 nc* exceeding in the whole the principal fum of ten pounds, and the goodsto the profit thereof, and if within one year after the pawning or pledg- pawnee, ing thereof, (proof having been made on oath or affirmation as aforefaid by one or more credible witnefs or witnefies, and by producing the note or memorandum directed to be given by this a& as aforefaid, before any juftice or juftices, to the fatis-fadion of any fuch juftice or juftices, of the pawning or pledging of aqy fuch goods or chattels within the faid (pace of one year, or one year and three months, as the cafe may be), any fuch pawner or pawners who was or were the real owner or owners of fuch good? or chattels at the time of the pawning or pledging thereof, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns.

Anno regni xjuadragefixno Georgii IIL c. 99* [1800.

ffralj tender unto the perfon or perfons who lent, on the fecurity | of the goods or chattels pawned, his executors, adminiftrators, of aftigns, the. principal money borrowed thereon, and profit, according to the table, of rates by this aft eftablifhed, and the perfon who took fuch goods or chattels in pawn, his or her executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, {hall thereupon, without {hewing reafonable caufe for fo doing to the fatisfadtion of fuch juftice or juftices, negle& or refufe to deliver back the goods or chattels fo pawned fot any fum or fums of money not exceeding the faid principal fum of ten pounds, to the perfon or perfons who borrowed the money thereon, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or aftigns, then and in any fuch cafe, on oath or affirmation as aforefaid thereof made by the pawner or pawners thereof, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or aftigns, ;

. or fome other credible perfon, any juftice or juftices of the peace	1

for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place	\

where the perfon or perfons who took fuch pawn as aforefaid, his j .executors, adminiftrators, or aftigns, {hall dwell, on the appli- \ cation of the borrower or borrovyers, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or.aftigns, is and arc hereby required to caufe fuch perfon or perfons who took fuch pawn, his, her, or their ekecu- ’ tors, adminiftrators, or aftigns, within the jurifdiction of the j juftice or juftices, to come before fuch juftice or juftices; and fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby authorifed and required , to examine on oath or folemn affirmation, as the cafe may require, the parties themfelves, and fuch other credible perfon or perfons as {ball appear before him or them touching the premifes; and if tender of the principal money due, and all profit thereon as aforefaid, (ball be proved by oath or affirmation as aforefaid to have been made (fuch principal money not exceeding the faid fum of ten pounds) to the lender or lenders thereof, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or aftigns, by the borrower or borrowers of fuch principal money, his, her, or their executors, adminifbators* or ailigns, within the faid fpace of one year, or one year and three months, as the cafe may be, after the faid pawning or pledging of the goods or chattels, then on payment by the borrower or borrowers, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or aftigns, of fuch principal money, and the profit due thereon as aforefaid, to the lender or lenders, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or aftigns, and in cafe the lender or lenders, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, ] or aftigns, {hall refufe to accept thereof, on tender thereof to 1 him, her, or them made by the borrower or borrowers thereof, I his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or aftigns, before any fuch juftice or juftices, fuch juftice or juftices (hall thereupon, by order under his or their hand or hands, diredt the goods or chattels fo pawned forthwith to be delivered up to the pawner or pawners thereof, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or aftigns; and if the perfon or perfons who {hall have lent any principal fupn or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the {aid fum of ten pounds on any goods or chattels pawned, his, her,

or

 OooQle

f

■'r('V,

-,-:a

. 4

i860.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 99."	83!

or their executors, admintftrators, or afligns, (hall negle& or refufe to deliver up or make fatisfadion for the goods or chattels which lhali be fo proved to the fatisfa&ion of fuch juftice or juf-tices as aforefaid to have been fo pawned, as any fuch juftice or juftices of the peace as aforefaid (hall order and direeft, then any fuch juftice or juftices fhall, and is and are hereby authorifed and required to commit the party or parties fo refufing to deliver up " or*make fatisfe&ion for the fame, to the houfe of correction or fome other publick prifon for the county, riding, divifion, city, <

‘ liberty, town, or place wherein the offender or offenders fhall J refide or be convidled, there to remain, without bail or main-[ prize, until he, (he, or they fhall deliver up the goods or chattels	k

I fo pawned, and continuing redeemable as aforefaid, according to 1 the order of fuch juftice or juftices as aforefaid, or make fuch ' fatisfa&ion or compenfation as fuch juftice or juftices fhall adjudge reafonable for the value thereof, to the party or parties entitled to 1 the redemption of fuch goods or chattels fo pawned, and continuing redeemable as aforefaid.

XV. And, to prevent any inconvenience to per/ons carrying on the trade and buftnefs of a pawnbroker, from jeveral different pcrfons claiming *a property in thefame goods or chattels, be it further enabled, That, from and after the commencement of this a<5f, any Pcrfons pro-perfon or perfohs who fhall at any time produce any fuch note or during notes memorandum as aforefaid, to the perfon or pcrfons with whom dJ^deemed the goods therein fpecified were pawned or pledged, as the owner ^ owners, thereof, or as authorifed by the owner thereof to redeem the fame, and require a delivery of the goods or chattels mentioned therein, to him, her, or them, fuch perfon or perfons fhall be, and is and are hereby deemed and taken to be, fo far as re/jpe&s the perfon or perfons having fuch goods and chattels in pledge, the real owner or owners, proprietor and proprietors of fuch goods and chattels, and the perfon or perfons fo ufing the faid trade and bufinefs of a pawnbroker fhall be, and is and are hereby dire&ed and required, after receiving fatisfariion purfuant to the provifions of this adt, refpefting principal and profit, to deliver (uch goods and chattels to the perfon or perfons who fhall fo produce the faid note or memorandum to him, her, or them, and (hall he, smd is and are hereby indemnified for fo doing, unlefs he, fbe, or they fhall have had previous notice from the real owner or owners thereof not to deliver the fame to the perfon or perfons producing fuch note, or unlefs notice fhall have been given to him, her, or them, that the goods or chattels pawned have been or are fufpe$ed to have been fraudulently or feloni- * oufly taken or obtained, and unlefs the real owner or owners thereof proceeds or proceed, in manner herein-after provided and dire&cd for the redeeming of goods and chattels pledged, where fuch note hath been loft, miflaid, deftroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the owner or owners thereof.

X VI. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any pawnbroker Where notes fhall have had fuch previous notice, as aforefaid, or in cafe any fuch note of memorandum as aforefaid fhall be loft, miflaid, de- pawnbroker Vol. XLII.	H	h	H	ftroyed,	to	deliver a

 V JiCcopyUe

Hz

Anno regni quadragefimo Georoii III. c. 99. [1800.

ftroyed, or fraudulently obtained from die owner or owners thereof, and the goods and chattels mentioned therein (hall remain unredeemed, that then and in every fuch cafe the pawnbroker or pawnbrokers with whom the faid goods and chattels were fo pledged (hall, at the requeft and application of any perfoa or perfons who (hall represent himfelf, herfclf, or them lei ves to the pawnbroker as the owner or owners of the goods and chattels in pledge as aforefaid, deliver to fuch perfon or perfons io ft-quelling and applying for the fame, a copy of the note or memorandum fo loft, miflaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained as aforefaid, with the form of an affidavit of the particular cir-cumftances attending the cafe, printed or written, or in pan printed and in part written on the faid copy, as the fame (hall be llated to him or her by the party applying as aforefaid, for which copy of fuch not£ or memorandum, and form of affidavit, ia cafe the money lent (hall not exceed the fum of five (hillings, the pawnbroker (hall receive the fum of one halfpenny; and in ale the money lent (hall exceed the fum of five (hillings and not exceed the lum of ten (hillings, the pawnbroker (hall receive the fum of one penny; and in cafe the money lent (hall exceed the fum of ten ftiillings, the pawnbroker (hall receive the like fum of money as he is entitled to receive and take on givine the original note or memorandum, fuch money to be paid by the party applying for the fame at the time ot making the faid application; and the perfon or perfons having fo obtained fuch copy of the note or memorandum, and form of affidavit as aforefaid, (hall thereupon prove his, her, or their property in, or right to fuch goods and chattels, to the fatisfadion of fome juftice of the peace /or the county, riding, djivifion, city, town, liberty, qr place, where the faid goods or chattels (hall have been pledged, pawned, pr exchanged, and (hall alfo verify on oath or affirmation, as the cafe may be, before the faid juftice the truth of the particular circumftartces attending the cafe mentioned in fuch affidavit or affirmation to be made as aforefaid, the caption of fuch oath or affirmation to be authenticated by the hand writing thereto of the juftice before whom the fame (hall be made, and who (ball, and is hereby required fo to authenticate the fitme, whereupon the pawnbroker (hall fuffer the perfon or perfons proving fuch property to the fatisfaflion of fuch juftice as aforefaid, and making fuch affidavit or affirmation as aforefaid, on leaving fuch copy of the faid note or memorandum, and the (aid affidavit or affirmation, with the (aid pawnbroker, to redeem fuch goods or chattels.

Fawned goods XVII. And be it further ena&ed, That all goods and chattels deemed tor- which (hall be pawned or pledged, (hall be deemed forfeited, and cad'oTa the may k* fold at the expiration of one whole year, excluftve of the ** a ycal* day whereon the goods and chattels were fo pawned as aforefaid ;

and that all goods and chattels fa forfeited on which any fum above ten (hillings and not exceeding ten pounds (hall have been lent, (hall be fold by publick auction, and not otherwife, by the order of the perfon having the fame in pawn, at and after the

expiration

lSo<

expir good; caufe there of th in p; book pawr cont; brok were pawi pape and

ever

of fc fori pou >

pia ivoi phi! Put wit eve of ‘

no

fen

hr

pu

CGI

Wi|

ftv

be

or

caf

Pie

bo

m

the

Ph

to

*>ot

to

n

0f(

kiT,

!.r:Su

2 x:

r'j’i'S

*? i;

.wrJJ

; vx;:5

-a* I* ; ;,; 3 :r t..-?-. \r\Z : or :7

:>; i V ru:i' :rr:> ic** i:ss# *r”

i::- ^

^i;f

x*

%

•'•■rf

><

>

"si

■ )

;;■

:V

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 99.	8jj

expiration of the faid year, but the perfon employed to fell fuch goods and chattels by auction (hall, and he is hereby required to caufe the fame to be expofed to publick view, and catalogues thereof to be publiftied, containing the name and place of abode of the pawnbroker, and alfo the month fuch goods were received in pawn j and the number of every fuch pledge as entered in the book or books kept for that purpofe at the time the fame were pawned, and an advertifement giving notice of fuch fale, and containing the name or names, and place of abode of the pawnbroker or pawnbrokers with whom the faid goods or chattels were in pledge, and alfo the month fuch goods were received in pawn, to be inferted on two feveral days in fome publick newf-paper, two days at leaft before the firft day of fale; and the goods and chattels pledged with every pawnbroker, (hall be inferted in ‘every catalogue, feparate and apart from each other, upon pain of forfeiting to the owner or owners of the faid goods or chattels, for every offence in the premifes, any fum not exceeding ten pounds nor lefs than forty (billings.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled. That all D!re^"|cer* pictures, prints, books, bronzes, ftatues, buds, carvings in fepa-ivory and marble, cameos, intaglios, mufical, mathematical, and rate froin philofophical inftruments, and china, which (hall be fold by other goods* publick au&ion as aforefaid, (hall be fold by themfelves, ana without other goods being fold at fuch fale, four times only in every year, (that is to fay), On the firft Monday in the months of January. Jpril^ July, and Oflober, in every year, and on the following day and days if the fale (hall exceed one day, and at no other time; and the perfon who (hall be employed to fell the fame by audtion (hall, and he is hereby required to caufe the fame to be expofed to publick view, and catalogues thereof to be publifhed, and an advertifement giving notice of fuch fale, and containing the name or names of the pawnbroker or pawnbrokers with whom the faid goods were in pledge, to be inferted two feveral days in fome publick newfpaper three days at the lead before the firft day of fale, upon pain of forfeiting to the owner or owners of the faid goods for every offence in the premifes, any fum not exceeding five pounds nor lefs than forty (hillings.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That in On notice cafe any perfon or perfons entitled to redeem goods or chattels in from perfons pledge, (hall, before or upon the expiration of the faid one year from the time of pawning the feme, give notice in writing, or to fetl *hrU in the prefence of one witnefs, to the perfon or perfons having months fur-the fame in pledge, or leave the fame at his, her, or their ufual ther allowed place of abode, not to fell the fame at the end of the faid one year, thea and in every fuch cafe, fuch goods or chattels (hall dfcmptian. not be fold or difpofed of by the perfon or perfons having the fame in pledge until after the expiration of three calendar months, to be computed from the expiration of the faid year, during which faid term of three calendar months, the owner or owners of the faid goods and chattels (hall have liberty to redeem the feme, upon the terms ftipulated and provided by this a&.

HHH2	XX. And

 ^ ^oogle

*34

Account of fales to be entered by the pawnbrokers in a book;

and overplus paid to the owner of the goods pawned or fold) &c.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georg it III. c. 99. [1800.

XX. And be it further enafted, That all and every perfon <f perfons with whom any goods or chattels (hall have been pawned or pledged, (hall from time to time enter in a book or books, to be kept by him, her, or them for that purpofe, a true and juft account of the fale of all goods and chattels pawned with him, her, or them for upwards of ten (hillings, which (hall be fold as aforefaid, ejtjrfefling the day of the month when fuch goods were pledged, and the name of the perfon pledging the fame, accord, ing to the entry made at the time of receiving the feme in pawn; and aJfo the day when, and the money for which fuch goods or chattels pawned were fold, together with the name and place of abode of the auftioneer by whom the fame were fold, according to the information thereof from the auctioneer; and in cafe any Tuch goods or chattels (hall be fold for more than the principal money and profit aforefaid due thereon at the time of fuch fale, the overplus (hall, by every fuch pawnbroker, be paid, onde* mand, to the perfon by whom or on whofe account fuch goods or chattels were pawned, his, her, or their executors, adraini* ftrators, or afligns, in cafe fuch demand (hall be made within three years after fuch fale, the neceflary cofts and charges of fuch fale being firft deduced; and fuch perfon or perfons who pawned or pledged fuch goods or chattels, or for whom fuch goods or chattels were fo pawned or pledged, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, (hall, for his, her, or their fatisfaclion in this matter, be permitted to itrfpeft the entry to be .made as aforefaid of every fucb fale, paying for foch infpediort the fum of one penny and no more j and in cafe any perfon or perfons [ball refufe to permit any fuch perfon or perfons who pawned or pledged fuch goods or chattels, or who is or are entitled to fuch overplus money, to in(peft fuch entry as aforefaid }n any fuch book or books, (fuch perfon or perfons, if an executor or executors, adminiftrator or adminiftrators, or affigneeor afiignees, at fuch time producing his, het, or their letters tefta-tnentary, letters of adminiftration or alignment), or in cafe the goods or chattels were fold for more than the fum entered in any fuch book or books, or if any fuch perfon or perfons (hall not make fuch entry as aforefaid, or (hall not have bm fiic, accord* Ing to the directions of this aft, fold the fame, or (hall refufe to pay fuch overplus, upon demand, to the pawner or pawners, owner or owners, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, cr a(figns,(he, (he, or they producing fuch their letters teftamentarj, letters of adminiftration or alignment), every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fun of ten pounds, and treble the fum fuch goods ami chattels dull originally have been pawned for, to the perfon or perfons by whom or On whole account fuch goods or chattels were pawned, Ills, her, or their executors,, adminiftrators, or afligns, to be levied by dift refs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels,by warrant under the hands and feals of any twojufttces of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place where the offence (hall be committed.

XXI, And

18c

X

com

gooi

eithi

her,

him

cull

as a

or

taki

to \

fan

ow

fail

fro

pat

P‘<

un

or

mi

go

be

he

n<

th

rei

Or

ei

L 0' tl 0

ii

d.

0;

i\

  .

i8oo.] Anno regtri quadragefeno Gborgii III c. 99	85.^

XXL And be it further ena#ed, That, from and after the Pawnbroker commencement of this a<ft, no perfon or perfons having any goods or chattels in pledge (hall, under any pretence whatfoever, while in his either by himfeif or herfelf, or by any other perfon for him orcuftody. her, purchafe any fuch goods or chattels fo being in pledge with him or her, during the time the fame (hall remain in his or her cuftody as fuch pledge, fave and except at fuch publick auction as aforefaid, nor (hall fufferthe fame to be redeemed with a view or intention to purchafe the fame; nor (hall any fuch perfon pledges notto taking or having any goods or chattels in pledge, make or caufe be taken from to be made any contra# or agreement with- any perfon or per* perfons under fons offering to pledge or pledging the fame with the owner or aV^rlntox-owners of the pledge, for the purchafe, fale, or difpofition of the felted* *** faid goods and chattels before the expiration of one whole year from the time of pawning or pledging the fame; nor fhall any Time to buy-pawnbroker purchafe or receive or take any good? or chattels in ing goods or pledge of or from any perfon or perfons who (hall appear to be tak,»g jn under the age of twelve years, or to be intoxicated with liquor; pawns ,mi e * or purchafe or take in pawn, pledge, or exchange the note or memorandum aforefaid of any other pawnbroker; nor buy any goods or chattels in the courfe of his, her, or their trade or bufinefs before the hour of eight of the clock in the forenoon or after the hour of feven of the clock in the evening throughout the year; nor employ any fervant or apprentice, or any other perfon under the age of fixteen years, to take in any pledge or pledges; nor receive or t>kc in any goods or chattels by way of pawn, pledge, or in exchange, before eight of the clock in the forenoon or after eight of the clock in the evening between Michaelmas Day and Lady Day following, or before feven of the clock in the forenoon or after nine of the clock in the evening during the remainder of the year* excepting only until eleven of the clock on the evenings of Saturday throughout the whole year, and the evenings preceding Good Friday and Chrijlmas Dayy and every faft or thankfgiving day to be appointed by his Majefty; nor (hall any perfon or	’

perfons exercife or carry on the trade or bufinefs of a pawnbroker on any Sunday, Good Fridays Chrijlmas Day, or on any faft day or thankfgiving day to be appointed as aforelaid.

XXII.	And be it farther ena#ed, That, upon and from and Pawnbrokers after the commencement of this a#, all and every perfon perfons who (hall follow and carry on the trade and bufinefs of'a ^ble 0/ pawnbroker, (hall caufe to*be painted or printed, in large legible profits, See. characters, the rate of profit allowed by this a# to be taken by him, her, or them,' and alfo the various prices of the notes memorandums to be given by him, her, or them, according to	✓

the rates aforefaid, and an account of what notes or memorandums are to be delivered gratis, and of the expence of obtaining a fecond note or memorandum* where the former one has been loft, miflaid, deftroyetfj or fraudulently obtained, and place the fame in a confpicuous part or parts of the (hop or other place whereinhe, (he, or they (hall carry on fuch trade or bufinefs* to as to be vifible to and legible by the perfotfs pledging goods and h h h 3	chattels

B36

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. C99. [1S00.

chattels Handing in the feveral boxes or places provided for fuch perfons coming to pawn or redeem goods and chattels it fuch {hop*

XXIII* dud, for the hitter manifefttng by whom the trait «r bufinefs of a pawnbroker /hall hereajter be carried on, be it further Pawnbrokers enafted, That, from and after the commencement of this ad, all names and and every perfon or perfons who (hall follow or carry on rhc ^hwed^over^ tra(*c °r hufinefs of a pawnbroker, (hall caufe to be painted or ftis*doorV?n written, in large legible characters, over the door of each (hop penalty ofiol., or other place by him, her, or them refpetfively made ufe of for carrying on that trade or bufinefs, the chriilian and furname or names of the perfon or perfons fo carrying on the faid trade or bufinefs, and the word 44 Pawnbroker,’99 or u Pawnbrokers," ai the cafe may be, following the fame, upon pain of forfeiting the fum of ten pounds for every (hop or place which (hall be fo made ufe of for the fpace of one week without having fuch name or names, and the faid word, fo painted or written as aforefaid, to be recovered by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and feals of any two juftices of the peace affcing within the refpe&ive county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place, (which warrant fuch jufticcs aie hereby authorifed and required to grant), upon the confeffion of the party or parties, or upon the information of any credible witnefs or witnefles upon oath or affirmation, as the cafe may be; and in cafe fuf&cient diftrefs (hall not be found, or fuch penalty (hall not be forthwith paid, it (hall be lawful for fuch juftices, and they are hereby required, by warrant under their hands and feals, to caufe the offender or offenders to be committed to the county gaol orhoufeof correction, there to remain, without bail or main prize, for any time not exceeding three calendar months nor lefs than fourteen days, unlefs the laid penalty, and all reafonable charges, (hall be fooner paid and fatisfiecL

Penalty on XXIV* And be it further enaClcd, That if in the courfe of pawnbrokers any proceedings before any juftice or juftices of the peace, in l»forc limited Pur^uance °f or under this aa, it (hall appear, or be proved to the fatisfaClion of the juftice or juftices upon oath or folemn affirmation, that any of the goods and chattels pawned as afoic-faid have been fold before the time allowed by this aCl, or other-wife than according to the directions of this afl, or have been embezzled or loft, or are become or. have been rendered of lefs value than the fame were at the time of pawning or pledging, thereof, by or through the default, negled, or wilful milbdu-viour of the perfon or perfons with whom the fame were fo pledged or pawned, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or auigns, agents or fervants, then and in any fuch cafe it (ball be lawful for every fuch juftice and juftices, and he and they is and are hereby required to allow and award a reafonable fatisfac-tion to the owner or owners of fuch goods or chattels in refpeft thereof, or of fuch damage, and the fum or fums of money fo allowed or awarded, in cafe the fame (hall not amount to the

principal

time, or injuring them, &c*





i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 99.	837

principal and profit aforefaid which (hall appear to be due to any perfon or perfons with whom the fame were fo pledged or pawned, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, (hall be deduced out of the faid principal and profit; and in all cafes where the goods and chattels pawned as aforefaid (hall have been damaged as aforefaid, it (ball be fufficient for the pawner or pawners, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, to pay or tender the money due upon the balance, after deducting, out of the principal and profit as aforefaid, for the goods or chattels pawned, fuch reafonable fatisfa&ion in relpeCt to fuch damage as any fuch juft ice or juftices (hall order or award, and upon fo doing the juftice or juftices (hall proceed as if the pawner or pawners, his, hef, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, had paid or tendered the whole money due for the principal and profit aforefaidj and if the fatisfadion to be allowed and awarded to the owner or owners.of fuch goods or chattels (hall be equal to or exceed the principal and profit aforefaid, then and in fuch cafe the perfon or perfons to whom the fame were fo pledged or pawned, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or affigns, (hall deliver the goods and chattels fo pledged to the owner or owners thereof, without being paid any thing for principal or profit in refpedt thereof, and (hall alfo pay fuch ex-cefs (if any) to the perfon or perfons entitled thereto, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied in manner berein-after mentioned.

XXV. And be it further enaCicd, That it fhall be lawful for Pawnbroker* any juftice of the peace, upon complaint made to him on the	-

oath or affirmation of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, wherein any information (hall be laid againft any pawnbroker for bry. having offended againft this a<5t, or refpeCting any difpute between any pawnbroker and perfon having pawned goods, or the owner or owners of goods pawned, or refpe&ing any felony or other matter, or on any other occafion whatfoever, which in the judgement of any juftice or juftices (hall make the production of any book, note, voucher, memorandum, duplicate, or other paper neceffary, which (hall or ought to be in the hands, custody, or power of any pawnbroker, to fummon fuch pawnbroker before him to attend, with all and every or any book, note, voucher, memorandum, duplicate, or paper, which he or (he may or ought to have in hirs or her cuftody or power relating to the fame, which he or (he is hereby required to produce before fuch juftice or juftices in the (late the fame was or were made at the time the pawn or pledge was received, without any alteration, erafement, or obliteration whatfoever $ and in cafe fuch pawnbroker (hall negledt or refufe to attend, or to produce the fame in its true and perfect ftate, fuch pawnbroker (hall, in cafe he or (he doth not (hew good caufe for fuch negleCt or refufal, to the fatisfadion of fuch juftice or juftices, forfeit any fum not exceed* ing ten pounds nor lefs than five pounds, to be levied and applied in the maimer berein-after mentioned.

h u h 4	XXVI.	And

838 Anno regni quadrageftmo Georgu III. c. 99. [1800,

Penalty on XXVI. And be it further enabled, That in cafe any pawn- ' £j[nokers broker (hall, from and after the commencement of this aft, in agahiftthis anywife offend againft this aft, every fuch pawnbroker (hall, for aft.	every	fuch	offence	in	neglefting	to	make	or	caufetobe	made,

in a fair and regular manner, in fuch book or books as aforehl, any fuch entry as is required to be made by him, her, or then by this aft, forfeit fuch fum of money as to the juftice or juftices before and by whom any information thereon (hall be heard and determined in his or their diferetion (hall feem reasonable and lit, not exceeding the fum of ten pounds, and for every other offence againft this aft, where no forfeiture or penalty is provided or impofed on any particular or fpecific offence againft any part of this aft, not lefs than forty (hillings nor more than ten pound?, and that all forfeitures incurred by any offence committed again# 1 this aft, (hall and may be levied by diftrefc and fate of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and feal or hands and feals of any juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place where the offence (hall be committed; and the juftices lhall award one moiety of the faid penalties to the party complaining, and the remainder of the aforefaid penalty or penalties nQt otherwife difpofed of and applied by this act, is to be paid and applied to and for the life of the poor of the parilh or place where the offence'fliall have been committed, and (hail be paid to the overfeers of the poor of fuch parilh or place for that 1 purpofe. *	•*

Limiting the XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no time of pro- perfon or perfons ufing or exercifing the trade or bufmefs of a | lofonn^ion Pawnbroker, (hall be fubjeft or liable to any profecution or in- \ formation before any juftice or juftices of the peace by virtue of [ this act, for any offence or offences againft this a6t, ynlefs infer- f fixation (hall be given of fuch offence or offences within twelve 1 calendar months next after the offence or offences committed, * and that all and every fuch information and informations (bail be 1 given and profecuted before fuch juftice or juftices of the peace as lhall aft as fuch juftice or juftices near to the place where fuch offence or offences lhall have been committed, unk(s we fame (hall have been committed within the city or liberties of Loudon.	-	•

Churchwardens, Sec. to profecute, &c.

XXVIIJ. And be it further enafted, That the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of any pari(h or place where any offence (hall be fuppofed to have been committed by any pawnbroker againft this aft, or fome or one of fuch officers, at the diferetion or direftion of any juftice of the peace, on having notice from fuch juftice of the peace of fuch offence being fuppofed to have been committed, (hall, and they or feme or one of them, to be nominated by fuch juftice as aforefaid, hre and is hereby required to profecute every offender for every offence fo to be fuggefted by fuch juftice to have been committed againft this aat the expcnce of the refpeftive parilh whereof they or he are, is, or lhaH be for the time being fuchaficert or officer.

XXIX. Afld

b<

P'

k

0

£1 v v ( F F

1

I

1





\

|8oo.] Anna regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 99;	8^9

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, Tint no perfon who has Convicted

been convi&ed of any fraud, or of obtaining money under	^ot^o^Vo^>

pretences, or of any felony whatfocver, fhall be allowed ro pro- c^re or^iform fecute or inform againft any perlon or perfons, for any offence again(k any or.offences committed againft this ad.	peri'on, &e.

XXX.	Provided always, That nothing in this ad contained Ad not taex-fhall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any perfon or perfons tend to per* whomfoever who fhall lend money to any perfon or perfons ^one >vhoinfoever upon pawn or pledge, at the rate of five pounds per^tV Ccnt. : senium per annum intereft, without taking any further or greater without profit for the loan or forbearance of fuch money lent, on any further profit* pretence whatfoever.

XXXI.	And be it further ena<fted, That all and every the The ad to provifions, regulations, and claufes contained in this prefent a<ft,

(hall, from and after the end of this prefent fefllon of parliament, 0f pawn-extend to and include the executors, adminiftrators, and affigns brokers, of all and every dcceafed pawnbroker, in the fame manner as the fame extend to and include the pawnbroker when living, fave and except that no fuch executor or admir.iftrator of any fuch de-ceafed pawnbroker (hall be anfwerabie for any penalty or forfeiture personally, 01 to be paid out of his, her, or theirown monies or eftate, unlefs the fame fhall be incurred and forfeited by his, her, or their own aift or qeglecft. ,

XXXII.	And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or Perfons fued perfons (hall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profe- mAy P,eacl the cuted for any thing by him, her, or them done or executed in genera* parfuance of this adt, or of any claufe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch. peifon or perfons may plead the general iftue, and

give the fpecial matter in evidence for his, her, or their defence $ and if upon the trial a verdict (hall pafs for the defendant or de-t fendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become non-fuited, then fuch defendant or defendants fhall have double cofts awarded to him, her, or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXXJUI. Prov ided always, and be it enadted, That in all Inhabitants of arftions, fuits, informations, trials, and other proceedings in pur-. anY fuance of this aft, or in relation to any matter or thing herein rommitt^d^1 contained, any inhabitant of the parifti, town, or place in which deemed com. any offence or offences fhall be committed contrary to the true petent wit-intent, and meaning of this a eft, fhall be admitted to give evi- ncffcS* dencc, and fhall be deemed a competent witnefs, notwithftanding his qc her being an inhabitant of the parifh, town, or place wherein any fuch offence or offences fhall be fuppofed to haye been committed.	•

XXXIV.	And be it further ena<fted. That the juftice or juk tices before whom any perfon fhall be convicted in manner pre-. feribed by this a<ft, fhall caufe fuch refpc&ive conviction to be drawn up in the form,or to the effed following j (that i^tq fay),

ia ’wit *

BE it remembered. That on this	day of Form	of

ip the	year	ofhis	M^efty’sconvi<ffion.

reign, d. B* is convicted bcfqr*

Qf his Majefty’s

juftices

 

840	Anno	regni	quadragefimo	Georgii	III.	c. 99, [1800. j

juftices of the peace for the faid county of	j

[or1, for the	riding	or	divifion	of	the	faid	county	of	j

or, for the city, liberty, or town of	I

as the eafe Jhall happen to be] for	and	the	faid	<

do adjudge him [or, her] to pay and forfeit for the fame the fum of	Given	under

the	day	and	year	afqrtfaid/

And the faid juftice or juftices before whom fuch conviflion (hall be had, (hall caufe the fame, fo drawn up in the form or to the effect aforefaid, to be fairly written upon parchment, and tranfmitted to the next general or general quarter fe/fion of the peace to be held for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty, or place wherein fuch convidtion was had, to be filed	I

and kept amongft the records of the faid general or quarter	'

feflion; and in cafe any perfon or perfons fo coovifleu (ball appeal from the judgement of (he faid juftice or juftices to the faid general or quarter feflion, the juftices in fuch generator quarter feflion are hereby required, upon receiving the feidcon-vi&ibn drawn up in the form or to the effect aforefaid, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the faid appeal at fuch next feflion, and not afterwards, according to the dire&ions of this atf, any law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding ; and no Certiorari (hall be granted to remove any conviction or other proceedings had thereon in purfuanceof this a£h	1

XXXV.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, Appeal That if any perfon convi&ed of any offence or offences punilh- .

able by this a<ft, (hall think hitnfelf or her I elf aggrieved by the judgement of the juftice or juftices before whom he or (he (hall II have been convicted, fuch perfon (hall have liberty to appeal to !l the juftices at the next general or quarter feflion of the peace j which (hall be held for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, ? town, or place where fuch judgement (ball have been given, and that the execution of the faid judgement (hall in fuch cafe be fufpended, the perfon fo con v idled entering into a recognizance at the time of fuch conviflion, with twofufficient fureties, in double the fum which fuch perfon (ball have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon condition to profecutc fuch appeal with effeft, and to be forthcoming to abide the judgement and determination of the juftices in their faid next general or quarter feflion, and to pay fuch cofls as the faid juftices in fuch feflion (hall award 00 fuch occa(ion, which recognizance the faid juftice or juftices before whom fuch convidlion (hall be bad is and are hereby empowered and required to take; and the juftices in the faid general or quarter feflion are hereby authorifed and required to hear and finally determine the matter of the faid appeal, and to award fuch cofts as to them (hall appear juft and reafonable to be paid by either party $ and if, upon the hearing of the faid appeal, the judgement of the juftice or juftices before whom the appellant (hall have been convi&ed (hall be affirmed, fuch appellant (ball

immediately

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. too. 84?

immediately pay the fum which he or Hie fhall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with fuch cofts as the juftices in the faid general or quarter feflion (hall award to be paid for defraying the expences fuftained by the defendant or defendants in fuch appeal, or in default of making fuch payment, (hall fuffer the refpedlive pains and penalties hy this a<St infli&ed upon perfons refpe&ively who fhall neglett to pay, or fhall not pay the respective fums or forfeitures by this a& to be paid by or impofed upon perfons refpetftively who fhall be convi&ed by virtue of ihis ad.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded, That this a# fhall be Publick ad. deemed a publick ad, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without the fame being fpecially pleaded.

CAP. C.

An aft to authorife his Majefly to grant commiffions to natives g/ the feven united provinces, or of the hereditary fates of the prince of Orange, to J'erveon board certain Dutch ftps of waryfur rendered to his Majefly* s fleets and in regiments in the pay of his Alajefly $ and to enable any fuch natives to inlijl as foldiers in fuch regiments^ under certain rejlriftions.—[July 28, 1800.J

WHEREAS his ferene highnefs the prince of Orange hath Preamble, engaged to furnijh to his Majefly, one Jhip of fixty guns, one Jhip °f forty-four guns, one Jhip of thirty fix guns, and one Jloop of eighteen gunsy being four of the Jhips or vejfels of war which fur-rendered to his Majefly s fleets under the command of vice-admiral Mitchell in the Vlieier, on the thirtieth day of Auguft one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, to be employed under his Majefly*% orders, in fuch manner and for fuch time os hath been agreed upon between his Majefty and bis ferene highnefs in that behalf: and whereas it is expedient that the Dutch officers to be employed on board the [aid four ftps or vejfels, Jbould be commiffioned by his Majefly, and that fuch officers and alfo the creivs of the j'aid Jhips} Jhould have and be entitled to the full benefit of all captures made by themy in the fame manner as the officers and crews of his Majefly*s ftps: be it therefore enaded by the King’s rnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it fhall be lawful to and for all fuch Officers,being

and fo many officers, being natives of the feven united provinces, natives of the or of the hereditary ftates of his ferene highnefs the prince of Orange9 as (hall be willing to ferve his Majefty, to accept com- accept com*

miflions or letters of fervice from his Majefty, his heirs and fuc- miffions from ccflbrs, or from perfons duly authorifed by his Majefty, to gram J}'8 fach commiffions or letters of fervice (which faid commiffions or f^Dutdi letters of fervice, it fhall be lawful for his faid Majefty, or any jhips which perfon duly authorifed in that behalf to grant) to ferve as officers furrendered on board the faid four Dutch fhips or veflels in the fame manner *° hi* as is ufed in refped to officers in his Majefty’s naval fervice ; any ^ Aue 30 law or ftatute to the contrary thereof notwithftanding; provided 17995 ‘3 *

always,

,

 '

842 . Anno regni quadragcfimo Georgii III. c. too. [1800.

but no fuch always. That no fuch officer when he (hail be reduced, (hall be minted lh III enr,t^ t0 rece‘ve half-pay ^ and that no fuch officer (hallbe receive half ^able to any pain, penalty, or forfeiture whatever, for having pay, &c. accepted a commiffion in his Majefty’s fervice, by reafon of his having profeffed the popifh religion, and not having declared the fame at the time of his accepting fuch commiffion; any thingia any a£f or a<5h to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

The officers II. And he it further ena<51 ed. That the officers, feamen, and others on foldiers, and others on board the faid four (hips or veffels, (hall ^ave anc* entitled to prize money, head money, falvage, and entitled to aH other benefit and advantage to accrue from prize, in ill and prize money, every the fame Cafes, and under the fame regulations, reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are or may be etlabliihed for the officers, fenmen, marines, and fr V:iers in and onboard his Majefty’s (hips of war, whether !u -h prize, monev, head money, falvage, or other berefr or advantage (hall accrue from captures made lblely by the faid four (hi or, r vedcls or any of them, or bj them or any of them incooju.c. \m with any of his Majely's fca or land forces, or with any private (hip of war or letter of marque; and that all fuch captures (hall be proceeded again#, and in cafe of condemnation, he entitled to the like privilege?, •and fubjeft to the like rules and ; . "illations, and alfo lie appraifed and (old in like manner as if they had been made by any of bis Majefty’s (hips ; and that the fhares cf prize money, head money, and falvage fhaH become due and payable to the rreaAirer offhe royal hofpita! at Greenwich, in the like cafes and under the like circumflances, in which (bares of prize money, head money, and falvage become due and payable to the fame, when the captures or recaptures have been efitted by any of his Mnjcfty's fhips of war •, and that the agents for appraifements and faks(hall befubjeft and liable to all fuch rules, regulations, penalties,and forfeitures, as if they had been agents to any of his Majeftv’s (hips ; and that all the penalties and forfeitures above mentioned (hall be applied in like manner as if the fuhjeft matter had related to the {hip’s officers or Teamen of his M a jelly, or to the captures made by any fuch (hip’s officers or feamcnj afiylawor ufage to thfe contrary thereof notwithftanding.

Offences to be* III. And be it further enadted, That all offences committed tried, as if by an^ officer, feaman, or foldier belonging to any of the faid committed by four	or	veffels,	(hall	be tried’and punifhed in fuch

belongln^to manner as the like offences are or ought to be tried and punilh-bxs Majciiy’a ed, when committed by any perfon belonging to his Majefty’s fleet.	fleet.

Admiralty IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enafled,That the (hall caufe lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commitliORers for the articles executing the office of the lord high admiral of Great Britain for primeVin C l'me bein2> Cal^e the’ articles of war mentioned and the Dutch contained In a certain a# of parliament, made and paffed in the language; twenty-fecond year of the reign of his late majefty King Gwp tain o^eaeft” Second, intituled. An a& for amending, explaining, and um-fhip fludf affix	!nt0 ***	0f par'li<nntnt, the hw relating to the gwmnxnt if

•	*	iit



*1* - • A

i



.)

;■ rJ'

5

• >2

: ’i

:,if

■ r!f - 4

<

,t

‘ r

:. <* •fi' /

_ f

"'J

;J

r8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. ioo.	43

his Majejtyt Jhips^ vejfels^ and forces by [ea, to be tranflared jn?oac°py°/'.t^ t!ie Dutch language and printed, and a competent number ^ therein copies thereof to be delivered to the captain or commander of^ caufe tj^ each of the faid Dutch (hips or veflels, which captain or com- fame to be mander, as foon as the (hip or veflel by him commanded/ fhnll read over, be put into fea pay, fhall caufe one of the faid printed copies to be hung up and affixed to the mod publick place of fuch (hip or veflel, and the fame to be conftantly kept up and renewed, and from time to time read over in the prefence of the officers and feamen of fuch fhip or veflel, in the fame manner as is ufed on board his Majefty’s (hip?.

V.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaded, That on every Number of court martial for the trial of any Dutch officer, Teaman, or foldier Dut<£ belonging to any of the (aid four Dutch (hips or veflels, three conrtimte a Dutch officers of the rank or denomination of a captain or com- court martial, mander belonging to the laid (hips, if fo many of fuch officers

(hall then be prelent at the port or place where fuch court martial (hall be held, and can attend on fuch court martial, (ball fit, and in every refped ad as members at fuch court martial; and rf fo many of fuch Dutch officers of fuch rank as aforefaid, (hall not be prefent, or cannot attend on fuch court martial, then fo many (lefs than three) as (hall be prefent and can attend as aforefaid,

(hall fit and ad as members of fuch court martial: provided always, That the whole number of the members of any fuch court martial, including fuch Dutch officers as aforefaid, who (hall fo fit and ad, (hall not, in any cafe, exceed thirteen ; and that the like excufes fhall be allowed to any of fuch Dutch officers for not fitting at fuch court martial, as is allowed to officers in his Majefty’s fervice* and in cafe no fuch Dutch officer fhall be prefent as aforefaid, or can attend on fuch court martial, then fuch court martial fhall confift of fuch number of Britijh officers* ^ as by the law and ufage of the Britijh navy would conftitute or be entitled to fit at any court martial held for the trial of any perfons ferving in the Britijh navy.

VI.	And whereas an agreement has been Jigned, by his Majefiy’s commands, between his ferene highnefs the prince fiadtholder and the right honourable lord Grenville, one of his Majejtfs principal fecre-taries of ftate, for receiving into his Majejlys pay ana fervice a body of troops not exceeding fix thoufand men, cenfijitng of natives of the Jeven united provinces, or of Jubje£ls of the hereditary Jlates of bis ferene highnefs the prince of Orange as aforefaid: and whereas it is expedient to enable his Majefiy to fulfil the team of the faid agreement, and to make provifion for the due regulation and government of the

faid troops \ be it therefore enaded, That it fhall be lawful for Natives of the fuch perfons who are natives of the feven united provinces, or are fubjeds of the hereditary dates of his ferene highnefs the prince may accept df Orangey as fhall be willing to ferve his Majefty, to enlift as conimifliona foldiers, and to accept commiffions or letters of fervice, to ferve from bis Maas officers or engineers, from his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, ^es 1$?^*or or from any perfons duly authorifed by his Majefty, to grant fuch engineers, to commiffions or letters of fervice, which commiffions and letters fulfil the

of agreement



S44	Anno regni quadragefimo Georg 11 III. c. 100. [1800.	j

for receiving	of fervice, it (hall be lawful for his faid Majefty, or for any perfon	*

6,000 Dutch	July authorifed in that behalf as aforefaid to grant: provided

hi^Majeity’s	a^°> That no fuch officer when he (hall be rduced, (hall be	1

fcrvice.	entitled to receive half pay : provided neverthelefs, That when	,

No fuch offi-	smy fuch officer (hall be rendered incapable of military fervice,	1

cer, when re-	by wounds or infirmities, contrafted while he (hall be discharging	!

duced fliall	his military duty during the period of his continuing to ferve 2$	■

half pay*C but °®ccr under the provifions of this a<5l; then and in fuch if rendered cafe, it /hall be lawful for bis Majefty to make fuch provifion incapable of for fuch officer as he (hall think proper and neceflary, fo that fervice while fuch provifion (hall in no cafe exceed the half pay of the rank in hi/duty^his ^ritlfl) fervice, fnnilar to what fuch officer mall have held at Ma?efly may	the time of becoming fo incapable as aforefaid: provided alfo,

provide for	That no fuch perfon as aforefaid (hall be liable to any pain, pe-	I

him, &c.	nalty, or forfeiture whatever, for having accepted any fuch

commiffion, or inlifted as a foldier in any fuch regiment as / aforefaid, by reafon of his having profefled the popifh religion, 1 and not having declared the fame at the time of his infilling.

His Majefty VII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That it (baJl ftlcS troops lawful for his Majefty, in every cafe Where he (hall deem it to Great Bri-	neceflary or expedient, to bring any fuch troops as aforefaid, to

tain for i en-	any port or place in Great Britain for the purpofe of rendezvous,

dezvous, 6cc.	or with a view to operations abroad, and alfo to land fuch troops

in any part of Great Britain for health or exercife, fo that there (hall not be, within this kingdom, more in the whole than fix . thoufand men at any one time; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding: provided nevcrthelefs, That fuch f troops (hall not, excepting during their march from one part of , Great Britain to another, be ftationed at any greater diftance * from the fea coaft than twenty miles: provided alfo, That fuch ; troops (hall in no cafe be billetted or quartered, either during .

’ their march or otherwife, but fhall be encamped or ftationed in I barracks, as may be mod expedient.	]

Officers ahd VIII. And be it further ena&cd, That all fuch officers and • foldiers fhall foldiers aforefaid reflectively (hall, whilft in his Majefty’s fervice *°f as af°refei<^ he febje£k and liable to fuch articles of war as his war eltat£ ° Majefty fhall think fit to eftablifh for the better government of Jiftied by his fuch forces, and for bringing offenders againft the fametojuf-'Majefty, &c. rice; and for conftituting courts martial, with power to try, hear, and determine any crimes or offences by fuch articles of war, and inflict penalties by fentence or judgement of the fame: provided always. That no officer (hall, by fuch articles of war, be fubje& to any puniffiment extending to life or limb, for any crime which is not exprefled to be fo puniffiable by an aft of this feffion of parliament, (intituled. An aft for puniJIjing mutiny end deferti on y and for the better payment of the army and their quarters)) nor for fuch crimes as are exprefled to be fo punilhable in the faid aft, in any manner, or under any regulations which Hull not accord with the provifions of the faid aft: provided alfo. That every perfon who (hall be enlifted as a foldier under the authority of this aft, (hall be attefted in fuch manner as his

Majefty

 UooQle

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii Ilf, c. ioi—105. 845

Majefty (hall direct by fuch articles of war, and not other* ife; and that fuch officers and foldiers refpeftively (hail take fuch oath for their fidelity, during their continuance in his Majefty’s fervice, as his Majefty (hall in like manner dire#, and no other.

IX.	And be it further ena&eci. That this a ft (hall be in force, Continuance and have continuance during the term of the (aid agreements of aft. refpe&ively figned by his Majefty’s commands between his ferene highnefs the prince ftadtholder and the right honourable lord Grenville, and from the end thereof to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament.

CAP. Cl.

An aft to give further time for the payment, on the conditions therein mentioned, of inftalments, on certain loans advanced to the houfc of Alexander Houfton and company, to Charles Adi well efq; and to William Johnftone cfq; being peifons connected with and trading to the iflands of Grenada and Saint Vincent,—[July a8, 1800.]

CAP. CII.

An aft for raifing the fum of three millions five hundred thoufand pounds, by loans or exchequer bills for the iiervicc of the year one thoufand eight hundred.—[July »8, 1800.]

cap. cm.

An aft for raifing the fum of three millions, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fcrvice of the year one thoufand eight hundred—[July *8, 1800.}

C A P. CIV.

An aft for raifing the further fum of three millions, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice for the year one thoufand eight hundred.—

[July 28, 1800.]

C A P. CV.

An aR for the better regulating the practice, and for preventing delays in the proceedings of the court of common pleas at Lancafter.—[July 28, 1800.]

WHEREAS many delays and difficulties exifl in the praRice of Preamble.

the court of common pleas at Lancafter, in and for the county palatine of Lancafter, by reajon that the commencement and continuance of fuits and proceedings in the faid court have relation to the times of the tejle of the original writs whereupon fuch fuits and proceedings are grounded, and to the affixes at which fuch writs are returnable, and at or of which fuch fuits and proceedings are inroiled or recorded, and alfo by reafon of the want of more freequent days of return of writs of inquiry of damages and Scire facias, and of judicial procefsy iffiuing out of the fame court; for remedy whereof may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it ena&ed by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpritual and temporal, and

common?,



846

Plaintiffs or defendants

Anno regni quadragefiino Geo^gi! III. c. 105. [i860.

commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the

^^ni!an}s . authority of the fame. That, from and after the palling of thil

give evince 11	anc*	may	be	t0 an'^ f°r anT plaintiff or

of any caule plaintiffs, defendant or defendants refpeeYively, in any pcrfonal

fuit or a&ion, or any action of trefpafs and ejeftment hereafter

to be depending in the laid court, to declare upon, plead, and

hi Unprovided g,ve evidence of any caule or caufes of action, or any matter or

the lame (lull thing, matters or things, in bar or preciufion of any fuch fuit

happ.-n prior or action, or any other matters or things whatfoever, provided

tothenhnag t|ie fame Hiail have accrued or happened, or (hall hereafter

o t e wijt of accrue or hapnen prior to the day of the aiSual fining and Cqr.as ad re- . _ .	.	r	•	r	•	,	v .	,	,3	6	i-

fpondtMvium, mumg of the writ of Capias ad rejpondemum^ or other proccfs,

&c. or prior fir ft actually iffued forth in fuch perlonal fuit or a&ion, or prior

to the thy of to the day of the actual ferving of any declaration or declarations

a|du)1' deVh- *n any f°ch a^Y'on of trefpafs and ejectment, notwithftanding

ration, not- fuch caufe or caufcs of action, matters or things, (hall or may

wlthttanding not have accrued prior to the tefte and return of the original

tiie caufe of * Vvrit or wtits whereupon or whereby fuch fuit or action is or

have accrued	be,	e‘r^er	rca^Y	w by ficbon of law, grounded or war-

prior to the ranted, or prior to the aflizes or time wherein or whereof fuch return of the declaration or declarations is or are, or (hall or may be filed and oiiginalwrit, recorded; and that no advantage (hall be taken by reafonof .	*	any fuch caufe or caufes of aftion, matters or things as afore-

^T° ac*y,n[a£e faid, having accrued or being dated to have accrued fublequent by reaffm oi t0 l^e rci^te am* return °f fuch original writ or wiits, orfubfe* any action quent to the affizes or other the time laft above mentioned, or havingaccrued any of them, by or upon demand of oyer of any original writ, fubfcqtient to pjea jn abatement, demurrer to any pleading or pleadings, de-fu^ot^iehial murrcr t0 evidence, bill of exceptions, writ of error, or any writ, &c. other procefs or proceedings whatfoever.

Procefs iffuing H* And be it further enacted, That, from and arter the puffing out of court of this adt, any Writ or writs of inquiry of damages, Sure facing may he re- and any judical or other procefs whatfoever herealrer to be iffued cordhi^^oThe ^ort^ and out	f2me court In any aftion or fuit hereafter

prefenfprac- ^ depending in the faid-court, (except fuch proccfs as may, tice, or on any according to. the prefent courfe and practice of the faid court), of the return be made returnable on the firft Wedntfdty of any month, fliall and MT^had-1^ anc^ may awafdcd5 made, and iffued forth returnable either mas terms, " upon or at the feveral days and times whereupon the feme may according to now be made returnable refpe&ively, according to the prefent the court of courfc and praflice of the faid courr, or returnable on any of the coininon pleas return days iri Eafter and Michaelmas terms refpeftivelv, accord-

atWcltir.m. •	/	*	r	r	i	• HiI • n •	e	r	;	,

lUr Sec.	mg t0 the courfe °* "is Majefty’s court of common pleas at

TVtJlminJler; and that fuch writs may be proceeded upon, and judgement entered, and execution iffued thereon, tefted on the returns of fuch writs of inquiry, or Scire facias, or judicial proccfs, in fuch and the like manner as if the fame had been made returnable at the preceding feffion, of affizes of the faid county palatine.

III.	Provided always, That no final judgement be entered, or execution hTued, within the (pace'often days next after

the

of action, or any tiling in bar of any

No final iin ‘-vmcnt to be filtered or

CXf l Ut M)|l

10ued within 10 days after

 v^ooQle

i8do.] Anno regtii quad raged mo GeoRGii III. c. 106.	847

the dav of the return of any fuch writof inquiry of damages or day of the Scire facias^ made returnable under the authority of this aft, writof\nu^rr exclusive of the day of fuch return and the day of entering fuch orSci^e facial final judgement, or ifluing forth of fuch execution.	&c.

IV.	And provided always, That nothing herein contained Parties not

fhall be conftrued to debar any party or parties from moving debarred from in arreft of judgement, or bringing a writ of error, in the fame	arre*J

manner as*be or they might have done before the making of°*JU ficmcn this aft.

V.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That nothing in this Proceedings aft contained (hall alter, vary, or affjft any proceedings in anycommc”°*l aftion already commenced, and now depending in the faid

court of common pleas at Lancafter.

VI.	And be it further enafted. That this aft fhall be Pnblick aft. adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a publick aft, and fhall

be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. CVI.

An aft to repeal an at7, pajfed in the laji fejjion of parliament, intituled, An aft to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen; and to fuhflitute other proviftom in lieu thereof—[July 299 1800.J

WHEREAS it is expedient to explain and amend an aft> pajfed Preamble.

in the thirty •ninth year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, intituled, An aft to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen; 39 Geo. 1. e. be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by Si, repealed, and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the paffing ccmtwfts of this aft, the laid aft fhall be repealed $ and that all comrafts, entered°imo covenants, and agreements whatfoever, in writing or not in for obtaining writing, at any time or times heretofore made or entered into an advance of by or between any journeymfcn manufacturers or other perfons wages,alter-within this kingdom, for obtaining an advance of wages of them * of or any of them, or any .other journeymen manafufturers or ing,decreaflng workmen, or other perfons in any manufacture, trade, or bufi- the quantity nefs, or for leflen^ng or altering their or any of their ufual hours work, &c. or time of working, or for decreafmg the quantity of work, (fsve tr^Setweea and except any contraft made or to be made between any mafter matters and and his journeyman or manufacturer, for or on account of the men) (ball b* work or fervice of fuch journeyman or manufacturer with whom fuch contraft may be made), or for preventing or hindering any perfon or perfons from employing whomfoever he, fhe, or they fhall think proper to employ in hi* her, or their manufacture, trade, or bufinefs, or for controlling or anyway aflfefting any perfon or perfons carrying on any manufacture, trade, .or bufinefs,* in the conduft or management thereof, (hall be and Voi.XLIL	In	the





84S

Every workman, after paffing this a<ft, who (hall be guilty of any fuch •offence, (hall be committed to the corn-men gaol, or the houfe of correction;

as alfo any workman entering into any combination for advancing wages, &c. or who (hall endeavour to prevent any workman from hiring himfelf, or prevail on him td quit his employ, or who (hall hinder any mafter froth employing agy perfon, or without rea-fonabU caufe (hall refufe to work with any other workman;

Anno regni quadragefimo Geohgii III. c. 106. [1800.

the fame are hereby declared to be illegal, null,'and void, to all intents and purpofes whatfeever.

IL Arid be it further enafted, That no journeyman, workman, or other perfon (hall at any time after the palling of this a& make or enter into, or be concerned in the making of or entering into any fuch contradl, covenant, or agreement, in writing or not in writing, as is herein-before declared to bean illegal covenant, contradl, or agreement; and every journeyman and workman or other perfon who, after the palling of this ad, (hall be guilty of any of the faid offences, being thereof lawfully convidled, upon his own confeflion, or the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witnefTes, before any two juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place where fuch offence (hall be committed, (whichoath either of fuch juftices is hereby authorifed and empowered toadminiiler in fuch cafe, and in all other cafes where an oath is to be taken before any juftices of the peace in purfuance of this adl), within three calendar months next after the offence (hall have been committed, (hall, by order of fuch juftices, be committed to and confined in the common gaol within his or their jurif-didtion, for any time not exceeding three calender months, or at the diferetion of fuch juftices (hall be committed to feme houfe of correction within the fame jurifdidtion, there to remain and to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

III. And be it further enadted, That every journeyman or workman, or other perfon, who (hall at any time after the paffing of this adt enter into any combination to obtain an advance of wages, or to leffen or alter the hours or duration of the time of working, or to decreafe the quantity of work, or for any other purpofe contrary to this adt, or whb (hall, by giving money, or by perfuafion, felicitation, or intimidation, or any other means, wilfully a^d malicioufly endeavour to prevent any unhired or unemployed journeyman Or workman, or other perfon, in any manufacture, trade, or bufinefs, or any other perfon wanting employment-in fuch roanufadture, trade, or bufinefs, from hiring himfelf to any manufacturer, or tradefman, or perfon conducing any manufadture, trade, or bufinefs, or who (hall, for thepurpoie of obtaining an advance of wages, «or for any other purpofe contrary to the provifions of this a<3, wilfully and malicioully decoy, perfuade, folicit, intimidate, influence, or prevail, or attempt or eftdeavour to prevail, on any journeyman or workman* or other perfon hired or employed, or to be hired or employed in any fuch mamtfadlure, trade, or bufinefs, to quit or leave his work, fervice, or employment, or who (hall wilfully and malicioufly hinder or prevent any manufacturer or tradefman, or 01 her perfon, from employing in hifc or her manufacture, trade, or bufinefs; fuch journeymen, workmen; and other perfon s as he ^or7 fhe 'ihall* think proper, or who, being hired or employed, (half, Without ahyjuft or reafonable caufe, rcfofc to -•*’ '	■	•	■	work

180:

worl hirti oft!' of 0 juJl tov.’l thre com and dicli

othe

farm

for;

r

fl?/C

mar,

eve

any

attc

enti

dec

ing,

by 1

noti

or

wor

or!

denr

mat

or 1

othi

mar

com

«r,te

fur:

bin;

oft,

or n

tl’c; P^c . eft ter;,

in tr

' to rem;

V

■T:





^ 1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Geo&gii IIL c. ro6.	849

: " work with any other journeyman or workman employed or

...hired to work therein, and who fhall be lawfully convicted of any

of the faid offences, upon his own cpnfcfljon, or the oath or oaths J of one or more credible witnefs or wirneffes, before any two r ju^,ccs !^e Pcace f°r county, riding, divifion, city, liberty* v ff town, or p'ace, where fuch offence fhall be committed, within V;;rf three calendar months next after the offence fhall have been 1 ‘ v committed, fhall, by order of fuch juftices, be committed to : ^ and be confined in the common gaol within his or their jurif-didtion, for any time not exceeding three calendar months ; or ; ! otherwife be committed to fome houfc of correction within the ' ;'rT*fame jurifiliction, there to remain and to be kept to hard labour f for any time not exceeding two calendar months.

IV.	jfnd for the more effectual fuppreffort of all combinations

*	*mon?fl journeymen, workmen, and other perfons employed in any

'	manufacture, trade or bufmefs, be it further enacted, That all and and alfo all

.oi- f every perfons and perfon whomfoever, (whether employed in perfons who ::; ^ any fuch manufacture, trade, or bufmefs, or not), who fhall fhall attend N^attend any meeting had or held for the purpofe of making or fo/tfopuroofe i;::**1 entering into any contra#, covenant, or agreement, by this adl 0f making;

declared to be illegal, or of entering into, fupporting, maintain- any fuch coii-x^ing, continuing, or carrying on any combination for any purpofe tra#> or who J;:.#by this a# declared to be illegal, or who fhall fummons, give o^en^eav^ur* notice to, call upon, perfuade, entice, folicir, or by intimidation, to jncj,lce any or any other means, endeavour to induce any journeyman, journeyman r-rr* workman, or oth^r perfon employed in any manufacture, trade, to attend any ;IJri*or bufmefs, to attend any fuch meeting, or who fhall collect, orCwh^elhtall^,

, -s 1 demand, afl;, or receive any fum of money from any fuch journey- C0uC(^ an^

, .^jJman, workman, or other perfon, for any of the purpofes aforefaid, money, &c. .^*or who fhall perfuade, ertice, folicit, or by intimidation, or any ' vother means, endeavour to induce any fuch journeyman, work-/^man, or other perfon to enter into or be concerned in any fuch ^combination, or who fhall pay any fum of money, or make or " .Renter into any fubfciiption or contribution, for or towards the ^rfupport or encouragement of any fuch illegal meeting or com-bination, and who lhall be lawfully convicted of any of the faid ‘^offences, upon his own confefTion, or the oath or oaths of one .;or more credible witnefs or witnelles, before any two juftices of '^,vthe peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, dr -.-place where fuch offence fhall be committed, within three

•	^calendar months next after the offence fhall have been commit-dp ted, (hall, by order of fuch juftices, be committed to and confined dtJn the common gaol within his or their jurifdiction, for any time ^ not exceeding three calendar months, or othervvife be committed

to fome houfe of correction within the fame jurifdieftion, there to ' /remain and be kent to hard labour for aity time not exceeding	k:

,< two calendar months.	*	‘	,	-	"	:

V.	And be it further enacted, That no perfort (whether Not*rfbn_

■ employed as a journeyman or workman in any manufacture, 5°ntT1* trade* or bufinefs, or not) fhall at any time after the pafling of eXp|!nc£g this a# wilfully pajrorgive any fum of: money as a fubfeription incurred for

11X2	Digitized

850 Anno regm quadragefimo Georg 11 111. c. 106. [1800.

tot hi 8	or or contribution for the purpofe of paying expences incurred or

towards the t° incurrcj by any perfon or perfons a ding contrary to the pc?fon to * provifions of this aby payment of money, or other means, inducehimnot fupport or maintain any journeyman, workman, or other perfon, 1 to work, on or contribute towards his fupport or maintenance, for the purpefe exceedm8r°iol educing hint t0 refufe to work, or to be hired or employe! and any perfon *n any manufacture, trade, or bufinefs; and every perfon, who , collecting (hall be guilty of any fuch offence (hall forfeit and lofe any fun money for not exceeding the (urn often pounds; and every journeyman, Sail Forfeit*8’ workman» and other perfon, who (hall colleft or receive any not exceeding money or valuable thing for any of the purpofes aforefaid, fluii 5b one moiety forfeit and lofe any fum not exceeding the fum of five pounds; (ud | tohisMajefty, penalties of ten pounds and five pounds refpefliveiy to be forfeited, ' totheiiffomcr ODC mo,ety h*s Majefty, and the other moiety to the informer 1 and the poor and the poor of the panto where fuch offence has been coro- ,] of theparifti. mitted, to be equally divided between them; and all and every Offences (hall of the faid offences (hall be heard and determined in a fummarj be determined way, before two juftices of the peace for the county, riding, way before*^ divifion, city, liberty, town, or place, where fuch offence two juftices (hall be committed, and the conviction for the fame maybe who (hall fix had and made upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible thCjpenalty, witnefs or witneflfes; and the amount of the forfeiture or penalty !h^llcaufe^d, ^or cvei7 °ffencc ftall he fixed and determined by fuch to be levied by juftices, but not exceeding the fcveral fums herein-before men-diftrefe, and if tioned ; and in cafe any fuch forfeiture or penalty (lull not be not to be had, forthwith paid purfuant to fuch conviction, fuch juftices (ball, ] Xe^ffcndcr1 ty warrant under their hands, caufe the fame to be levied by to^he common diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, together gaol or houfe with all cofts and charges attending fuch diftrefs and fale; sod , ofcorre&ion. jn cafe no fufficient diftrefs can be had, fuch juftices (hall,by warrant under their hands, commit the offender to the common ‘ gaol within his or their jurifdi&ion, there to remain, without f bail or mainpriae, for any time not exceeding three calendar: months nor lefs than two calendar months; or otherwife, attic diferetion of fuch juftices, to fome houfe of correction with , their jurifdi<3ion, there to remain and be kept to hard labour (or any time not exceeding two calendar months. mS^ivided^or VI. And be it further enabled, That all fums of monev which three months at any time heretofore have been paid or given as a fuUcripdoa after paflmg or contribution for or towards any of the purpofes prohibited this a&, and (hall, for the fpace of three calendar months ait future* ^ter Pa®ng th*s remain undivided in the hands oi contribution any treafurer, colledtor, receiver, truftee, agent, or other per* for the like fon, or placed out at intereft, and all fums of money which purpofes, one (hall at any time after the paifing of this a<ft, be paid or given . Ma'e^y^nd* as a fubfeription or contribution for or towards any of the the^otner to purpofes prohibited by this a£t, (hall be forfeited, one moiety the perfon . thereof to his Majefty, and the other moiety to fuch perfon as who (hall fue will foc for the fame in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at for the fame. jVeJlmlnfler y and any treafurer, colle&or, receiver, truftee, agent, or other perfon ip whofe hands or in whofe name any fuch fum



1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 106.	851

of money (hall be, or (hall be placed out, or unto whom the fame (hall have been paid or given, (hall and may be fued for the fame as forfeited as aforefaid.

VII.	And^ for the better difeovery of all fums of money which have been or Jhall be paid or given by way of fubfcription or contribution for any purpofe prohibited by this be it further ena&ed,

That all and every the perfons and perfon who (hall or may be Perfons liable liable by virtue of this a<ft to be fued for the fame, (hall beto be fued for obliged and compellable to anfwer upon oath to any information ^onev^fhaH which (hall or may be preferred againft them or him in any t,c obliged to court of equity, by or in the name of his Majefty’s attorney anfwer on general on the part of his Majefty, or at the relation of any to a.n/ informer, for difeovering the fum and fums of money fo paid preferred011 or given for any of the prohibited purpofes aforefaid, and fuch £gainft them, court (hall and may make fuch orders and decrees therein as to fuch court (hall feem juft, and no perfon (hall demur to or refufe to anfwer fuch information by reafon of any penalty or forfeiture to which fuch perfon may be liable in confequeacc of any difeovery which may be fought thereby.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enacled, That upon payment into the court in which fuch information (hall be filed of all the court of the money paid or given unto any fuch treafurer, colledlor, receiver, moneyremain. fruftee, agent, or other perfon for any of the prohibited purpofes jngin the aforefaid, and remaining in his hands at the time of filing fuch !j^”fonatthJ informations, and upon making a full difeovery of all the [j^ 0f fjjjng fecurities in or upon which all fuch money which (hall not be information fo remaining in his hands (hall have been placed out or inverted, a?d making the perfon or perfons paying fuch money into court and making fuch difeovery (hall be acquitted and difeharged from all for- Upon which feitures and penalties which (hall or may have been incurred other monies by him or them by reafon of having colle&ed or received fuch (hallhavebeen money, or otherwife a<fted concerning the fame, and from all aftions and other fuits refpe&ing the fame by any perfon or be'difcharged perfons whomfoever, any ftatute, law, or ufage, or any thing from penalty, in this a£t contained to the contrary thereof in anywife not- No perfon withftanding; nor (hall any perfon be liable to any forfeiture liable to or penalty or to any profecution whatfoever, for or in refpeft of Pcna*tJr ^or any fum of money which fuch perfon (hall difeover to have been <$co™er^to paid, received, or given by any anfwer to 3ny fuch information have becu as aforefaid.	paid, by any

IX.	And be further enatfted, That all and every performs and	n”

perfon who (ball or may offend againft this a£t, (hall and may, r 10 equally with all other perfons, be called upon and compelled to ^ com^Hed^ give his or her teftimony and evidence, as a witnefs or witnefles togiveevi-on behalf of his Majefty, or of the profecutor or informer, upon dence,and(hall any information to be made or exhibited under this aeft againft be indemnified any other perfon or perfons, not being fuch witnefs or witnefles c^tion^for'any as aforefaid ; and that in all fuch cafes, every perfon having matterrela-given his or her teftimony or evidence as aforefaid (hall be and tivc to their hereby is indemnified of, from, and againft any information to teftimony. be laid, or profecution to be commenced againft him or her

I I I ^	feogle

" ';naci

' :• Tr.rt i, f/ai;;:

izri l \~TZl axt

‘i.

PCTEJ .,7	31

:r -xz

i t it "i;f, rat

r2 H h»r art

l .i:? ss c: y£'

. &

;t

,r:35

;; - i

’ J . .:•••*

r. f

85* Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 106. [1800. .

for having offended in the matter wherein or relative	1

which he, (he, or they (ball have given ttftimony or evidence ' as aforefaid.

X.	And, for the more ejfcftually enforcing and carrying into ext-Juftices may cution the proviftom of this at7, be it further enaded, That on , fu“in\ond , complaint and information on oath before any one or more \ on^hefrnot11 ju^,ce or juftices of the peace, of any offence having been com* appearing, or milted againft this a<ft, within his or their rcfpectivejurifdidions, in the firit fuch juftice or juftices are hereby autl.orifed and required to inftance, may fumm0n the perfon. or perfons charged with being an offender for thefr731118 or Renders againft this acl, to appear before any two fuch apprehenfion, juftices, at a certain time or, place to be fpecified, and if any and on their perfon or perfons fo fummoned fhall not appear according to appearing, or fach fummons, then fuch juftices (proof on oath having been | their1 abfeond-mac*e before them or him of the due fervice of fuch | ing, may fummons upon fuch perfon or perfons, by delivering the fame \ convifl: or to him or them personally, or leaving the fameathisor their acquit the ufua] place of abode, provided the fame fhall be fo left twenty* parties. four ^ours at the lcaft before the time which fhall be appointed to attend the faid juftices upon fuch fummons) (hail make and ifTue their or his warrant or warrants for apprehending the perfon or perfons fo fummoned and not appearing as aforefaid, and bringing him or them before fuch juriices, or it (hall be 1 lawful for fuch juftices, if they fhall think fit, without iiliiing any previous fummons, 3nd inftead of iffuing the fame, upon ■ fuch complaint and information on oath as aforefaid, to make and iflue their warrant or warrants for apprehending the perfon : or perfons by fuch information charged to h.ive offended again/! ( this aGt, and bringing him or them before fuch juftices; and . upon the perfon or perfons complained asainft appearing upon j fuch fummons, or being brought by virtue of fuch warrantor j warrants before fuch juftices, or upon proof on oirn of fuch f perfon or perfons abfeonding, fo that fuch warrant or warrants I cannot be executed, then fuch juftices (hall, and they are hereby t| authorifed and required forthwith to make enquiry touching the matters complained of, and to examine into the fame, by lit oath or oaths of any credible perfons, as (hall be requifite, ani to hear and determine the matter of every fuch complaint, aid upon confeflion by the party, or proof by one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, upon oath, to convict or acquit the party or parties againft whom complaint (hail have been m as aforefaid.

Juftices may XI. And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for

StnTffcs and juftices of the peace before whom any fuch complaint and

for non- * information fhall be made as aforefaid, and they are hereby ,

appearance or authorifed and required, at the requeft in writing of any or the

i*efufM to give parties, to iflue his or their fummons to any witne/s or witnefles

t0 appear and give evidence before fuch juftices at the time and commit them. ,rr - jr i •	.	.	3	. . r ,	..

place appointed for nearing and determining fuch complaint,

and which time and place (hall be fpecified in fuch fummoos;

and if any perfon or perfons fo fummoned to appear as a wiuids

or

iS

or

at

it

fu

n<

tc

c;

ai

al

b

Q

t

f

C

\

I

"j.

■

- -0 ; fi

, t

. :*

;; ;

•

•

-4

>

1800.] Anno regni quadrage(lmo'GEO“RGH IILc. i©6. vgj^

or witneffes as aforefaid, fhall ,not appear before fuch juftices at the time and place Specified in fuch fummons, or offer fom^ reasonable excufe for the default, or appearing according to fuch Summons, (hall not Submit to be examined as a witnclsor wit-Defles, and give his or their evidence before fuch juftices touching the matter of fuch complaint, then and in every fuch cafe it fhall be lawful for fuch juftices, and they are hereby authorised, (proof on oath in the cafe of any perfon not appearing according to fuch Summons having been tirft made before fuch juflice or juftices of the due fervice of fuch fummons ‘on every fuch perfon, by delivering the fame to him or her, or by leaving the fame twenty four hours before the tio>e appointed for fuch perfon to appear before fuch juftices, at the ulual place of abode of fuch perfon), by warrant under the hands of fuch juftices, to commit fuch perfon or perfons fp making default in appearing, or appearing and refufmg to give evidence, to fome prifon within the jurifdiftion of fuch juftices, there to ^	.1	.

remain without bail or mainprize, until fuch perfon or perrons (hall Submit himfelf, herfelf, or themfelves to be ex- .	■

amined, and give his, her, or their evidence before fuch juftices as aforefaid.

XII.	And be it further enabled. That the juftices before Canviftions

whom any perfon or perfons (hall be convifted of any offence anci commit-againft this aft, or by whom any perfon (hall be committed	up	in

to prifon for not appearing as a witnefs, or not Submitting to the form in be examined, (hall caufe all fuch convictions, and the warrants the firit fche*

or orders for fuch commitment to be drawn up in the form, dule. ...........

or to the effect fet forth in the firft fchedule tp this aft.

XIII.	And be	it further	enafted, That	the juftices before	ConviSHoni

whom any fuch	conviftion	(hall be had, (hall caufe the fame	to. bCjran[l

(drawn up in the form or to the effeft here in-before directed) ^x^general* to be fairly written on parchment, and transmitted to the next or quarter general feffions or general quarter feffions of the peace to be feffions to be holden for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or	^

place wherein fuch conviftion was had, to be hied and kept	the

amongft the records of the faid general feffions or general julticesfhall quarter feffions ; and in cafe any perfon or perfons (hall appeal, then proceed in manner herein-after mentioned, from the judgement ofto heai'it. the faid juftices	to the faid	genera) feffions	or general quarter

feffions, the juftices in fuch	genera! feffions	or geueral quarter

feffions, are hereby required, upon receiving fuch conviction, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the faid appeal, according to the direftions of this aft.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That nothing inAdlnotto

this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued,to extend, to	now

repeal, take away, or abridge the powers and authorities given given by law to any juftice or juftices of the peace in and by any aft or afts to juftices' ’ of parliament heretofore made and now in force touching any touching^ combinations of manufafturers, journeymen,-or workmen, or ^^anufac11^ for. fettling and adjufting disputes or differences between mafters turcrSj &c#j and their journeymen, workmen, or other perfons employed 7

in 4	by

I	 V^iOOQiC

nor to cm-power manu-fafturers to

8^4 Anno regm quadragcGmo Georgii III. c. 106. [1800.

by them in any manufacture, trade, or bufinefs,or the rate or amount of wages to be paid to fuch journeymen, workmen, or other perfons, or the mode or time of their working or being employed, or the quantity of work to be done, or touching am matter whatfoever alfo provided for by this aft; but that ill juftices of the peace (hall continue to ufe, exercife, and ecute all the powers and authorities given to them in and bj fuch afts of parliament, or any of them, in fuch and the lame manner as they could or might have done if this ad had not been made; anv thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwirhftanding.

XV.	Provided always. That this aft (hall not extend to atithorife or empower any perfon or perfons carrying on any employ work- manufacture, trade, or bunnefs, to employ therein any journeymen contrary man or workman contrary to the regulations and proviliooi lk>ns nowin' conta>nc^ >n an7 a& or a«s of parliament which hath or have force forre-	heretofore	made,	and	is	and	are	now in force, for fettling,

gulating the regulating, or directing the manner or method of conducing, conduct of any managing or carrying on any particular manufacture, trade, or m^ufhfture bufincfs> or tbc wor^ or forvice of the perfons employed therein, without 9 without the previous licence and confent in writing, of ooe licence from a juft ice of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, juftice, who town, or place in which fuch manufacture, trade, or bufinds

on, exprefling the caufe or reafon of giving or ever the ordi- granting the fame; which licence it (hall be lawful for one fuch nary coorfe of juftice to grant whenever the qualified journeymen or workmen the manufec- ufually employed in any manufacture, trade, or bufinefs, (hall refufe to work therein for reafonable wages, or to work for any particular perfon or perfons, or to work with any particular perfons, or (hall, by refufing to work, for anv caufe whatfoever, or by mifeondufting themfelves when employed to work, in any manner impede or obftruft the ordinary courfe of any manufacture, trade, or bufinefs, or endeavour to injure the perfon or perfons carrying on the fame.

XVI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no juftice of thepeace, being alfo a mailer in the particular trade or manufacture in or concerning which any offence is charged to have been committed under this ad, (hall aft as fuch juftice under* this aft; any thing herein contained, or any former ftatute, law, irfage, or cuftom to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

• XVII. And be it further enafted, by the authority aforeiaid, That all contracts, covenants, and agreements whatfoever, in writing or not in writing, made or to be made by or between any matters or other perfons, for reducing the wages of work-®tb®^rfoni» men, or for adding to or altering the ufeal hours or time of the	working* or for increafing the quantity of work, (hall be, and

the fame are hereby declared to be illegal, null, and void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; and all and every fuch mailers, being thereof lawfully conviftcd by the oath or oaths of oar or more credible witnefs or witne&s, before any two

juftices

ture is ob-ftrufted.

No mailer in the trade in which any offence is charged to h-ive been committed (hall aft as a juftice under this aft.

All cpntrafts between matters or

workmen or for altering the ufuaj hours of working, or increafwg the





1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georoii III. c. 106.	855

juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, quantity of liberty, town or place, where fuch offence (hall have beenwcfjr.k» ** committed, within three calendar months next after the offence ™a(UrJ*Con-fliall have been commited, (hall forfeit and lofe the fum ofvifted thereof twenty pounds, one moiety thereof to his Majefty, and the (hall forfeit other moiety in equal (hares to the informer and the poor of the ^^.ncto parifh where fuch offence has been committed ; and in cafe any jjfaje/y, and fuch forfeiture or penalty (hall not be forthwith paid puriuant the other to to f*ch convi&ion, fuch jufticcs (hall, by warrant under their the informer hands caufe the feme to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the a”c]tllc offender's goods and chattels, together with all cofts and which^may^ charges attending fuch diftrefs and fale; and in cafe no be levied bf fufficient diftrefs can be had, fuch juft ices (hall, by warrant diitreft, aul under their hands, commit the offender to the common gaol or fome houfe of correction within their jurifdidTion, for may any time not exceeding three calendar months nor lefs than two mitted*, calendar months.

XVIII.	And whereas it will be a great convenience and advantage to majlers and workmen engaged in manufactures, that a cheap and fummary mode be eftablijhed for fettling all dijputes that may arife between them refpefling wages and work\ be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That, from and after the firft day of Deputes Augujl in the year of our Lord one thoufand eight hundred, in all cafes that (hall or may arife within that part of Great Britain w<>!*men may called England, where the mafters and workmen cannot agree be fettled by refpe&ing the price or prices to be paid for work adlually arbitration, done in any manufacture, or any injury or damage done or alledged to have been done by the workmen to the work, or refpeCting any delay or fuppofed delay op the part of the workmen in nnifhing the work, or the not nniihing fuch work in a good and workman-like manner, or according to any contra#; and in all cafes of difpute or difference, touching any contra# or agreement for work or wages between mafters and workmen in any trade or manufacture, which cannot be otherwife mutually adjufted and fettled by and between them, it (hall and may be, and it is hereby declared to be lawful for fuch mafters and workmen between whom fuch difpute or difference (hall arife as aforefaid, or either of them, to demand and have an arbitration or reference of fuch matter or matters in difpute; and each of them is hereby authorifed and empowered forthwith to nominate and appoint an arbitrator for and on his refpeCtive part and behalf, to arbitrate and determine fuch matter or matters in difpute as aforefaid by writing, fubferibed bv him in the prefence of and attefted by one witnefs, in the form expreffed in the fecond fcbedule to this a#, and to deliver the fame perfonally to the other party, or to leave the fame for him it his ufuai place of abode, and to require the other party to name an arbitrator in like manner within two days after fuch reference to arbitration (hall have been fo demanded; a id fuch arbitrators ib appointed as aforefaid, after they (hall have accepted and taken upon them the. bufinefe of the faid arbitration, are

hereby

 v jCfoQLe

8$6 Anno regni quadragefimo Georgn IJI. c. io6, [1800.

hereby authorifed and required to fummon before them, and examine upon oath the parties and their witneflesf (which oath the faid arbitrators are hereby authoriied and required 10 adminifter according to the form fet forth in the fecond febeduk to this a£t), and forthwith to proceed to hear and determioe the complaints of the parties, and the matter or matters indifpuic between them ; and the award to be made by fuch arbitrators If arbitrators within the time herein-after limited, (hall in all cafes be final {hall not and conclufive between the parties; but in cafe fuch arbitrators matter wkhin aPP°intec* not 3grec to decide fuch matter or matters in three days difpute, fo to be referred to them as aforefaid, and (hall not Duke after fubmif- and fign their award within the fpace of three days after the fjon to their figning of the fubmiilion to their award by both parties,

party^may^ ^at t*ien lt	^or	Part‘es	or	e^cr	fee®	to

require thenr require fuch arbitrators forthwith and withoutdelay to go before to co before and attend upon one of his Majefty’s jufticcs of the peace afting and ftate to a and for the county, riding, city, liberty, divifion, or place points in^lif- w^1*6 ^ch difpute (hall happen and be referred, and ftate to ference, who fuch juftice the points in difference between them the bid (hall finally arbitrators, which points in difference the faid juftice (hall determine and is hereby authorifed and required to hear and determine, the fame, and for that purpofe to examine the parties and their witneffes , upon oath, if he (hall think fit; which determination of fuch * juftice (hall be made and figned within the fpace of three dajs after the expiration of the time hereby allowed the arbitrators to make and fign their award, and (hall be final and conclufive Perfons fum- between the parties fo differing as aforefaid; and if either of -ncd,^. the faid parties or their refpedlive witneffes, having been duly attend the fummoned, (hall neglect or refufe to attend fuch arbitrators at arbitrators or the time and place by them for that purpofe appointed, it (hill rcfufitig to be and may be lawful for any one or more of his Majefty’s juftices maTbe^com	Peace	a&ing m and for the county, riding, city, liberty,

mitted by a" divjfion, townlhip, or place, where fuch difpute (hall happen, juftice ; and he or they are hereby required, upon proof on oath being made before him or them of the fervice of fuch fummons pcrfonally, and alfo upon the like proof of the neglect or refufal of fuch perfon to attend the faid arbitrators in pursuance of fuch fummons, (unlefs a reafcmable excufe be made for fuch non* attendance to the fatisfa&ion of fuch iuftice or juftices), to iffue his <pr their warrant under his or their hand or hands for the apprehending and bringing fuch perfon before him or them; and if any fuch perfon fo being brought before fuch juftice or juftices (hall ftill refufe to be examined, or to give his or their teftimony before fuch arbitrators touching the premifcs, fuch perfon fo refufing (hall be by the faid juftice or juftices committed to the houfe of correction within his or their jurifdiSion, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until he or (he (hall fubmit to be examined before the arbitrators touching the premifes aforefaid, or until the time for making an award bj fuch arbitrators (hall be expired.

XIX.	Provided

 

.r”., I ibtm

r;- J :;ai



1 .

in

. ■*?i r;. :•

?: .£••

j

: 3 +*

:2ii 5 r; t X**

. -J. .

•’; J



1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 106.	857

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if but the parties the parties who (ball have figned any fubmiflion to arbitration, ^yt^tend (hall think it expedient; or be minded and dcfirous, to extend PniitcTfor the time hereby limited for the making the award or umpirage, making

it (hall and may be lawful for them to extend the lame award, accordingly, by indorfement on the back of fuch fubmiflion, to be figned by both of them in the prefence of one or more credible witnefs or witoelles; any thing hcrein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

XX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That Xon to arbi-

fubmiflion to fuch arbitration, and the award or umpirage to be tration and made thereon, (hall and maybe drawn up and written at the foot the award, of fuch fubmiflion, upon unftamped paper, in the refpev5live ma71)6 °*} forms or to the effedt fet forth in the fecond fchcdule to this	the

a£t; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof in form in the anywife notwithftanding.	fecond fche-

XXI.	Provided alio, and be it further enacted, That there dule*

(hall in all cafes be written or engrofled two parts of the ^nve fubmiflion to arbitration, one for each of the parties iubferibing ^tbe^ubnnf-the fame.	r,	■	fion.

XXII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, u an arbitra-That in every cafe of dhpute or difference between any fuch bon be de-mafters and workmen in fuch trade or manufa&ure as aforefaid,

if an arbitration (hall be demanded, and the fubmiflion thereto.figned an<i figned, and an arbitrator therein named by either of the faid an arbitrator parties, and the other or others of them (hall refule or negletf named by to fign the faid fubmiflion, and appoint his or their arbitrator within the time herein-before limited for that purpofe, the jjiau r<5'ufcto party or parties fo negleding or refufing to fign the faid fign theiub-fubmiflion, or to appoint his or their arbitrator as aforefaid, million and (hall, each and every of them* if more than one, on conviction aPP°,nt bis of every fuch offence before two or more of his Majefty’s ^aij^o^con-juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town, vietion, for-or place where fuch offence (hall have been committed,- forfeit (enrol, one and lofe the fum of ten pounds, one moiety to his JVJajefty,	t^18

and the other moiery to the poor of the parifti wherein fiich theater to offence (hall be committed; and in cafe any fuch forfeiture or the poor of the penalty (hall not be forthwith paid purfuant to fuch conviction, panih, which fuch juftices (hall, by warrant under their hands, caufe the fame to be le vied by diftrels; and fale of the offender's g°°ds if not to and chattels, together with aH cofls and charges attending fuch be had the diftrefs and (ale; and in cafe no fuffleient diftrefs can be bad, offender may fuch juftices (hall, by warrant under their hands, commit chtj Recommitted* offenders to the common gaol or feme hoof? of curre&ian within his or their jurifdi&ion, there to remain, without bail or njainprize, or any time nor exceeding threecaleodar months norlefs than two if either	*

^calendar months; and if either party fhall refufc to do and performparty lhall no| what by any fuch award or umpirage he Ilia)) be dire&ed to dofs^reSe^^ and perform, and (hall be thereof convicted before two or,thC award he more juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion^maybecom-



City, fitted*



M

No perfon guilty in not attending at

a time, or more than two In one day.

Non-refidcnt mailers may

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii IIL c. 106. [i8oo# city, liberty, or place where fuch offence (hall be committed* it (hall be lawful for fuch juftices, by warrant under their hands, to commit the offender or offenders to' the common gaol or boufe of correction within his or their jurifdi&ion, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he (hall fully perform fuch award or umpirage: provided always, That nothing in this more than one a<5t contained (hall extend to make any perfon guilty of any arbitration at 0flfence jrt not attending at more than one arbitration at the

a Mmf. or	^	.... .	.

fame time, or more than two arbitrations in one day; and that it (hall be lawful, in all cafes, for any matter who (hall not be actually refident at the time at any place where his trade or manufacture (hall be carried on, to authorife any perfon to ad for him in figning fubmiflions to arbitration, and at-fonsto aft for tending arbitrators or juftices touching the matter of any them.	arbitration.

Appeal may XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if be made to any perfon convicted of any offence or offences puni&ablc by the general	a&f fliall think himfelf 6r herfelf aggrieved by the judge-

general*quar- mcnt fuch juftice or juftices before whom he or (he (hill ter ft (lions, have been convi&ed, fuch perfon (hall have liberty to appeal whofe decifion from every fuch convidion to the next court of general feffions, thall be final. or gencra| quarter feffions of the peace which (hall be held for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place wherein fuch offence was committed ; and that the execution of every judgement fo appealed from fhall be fufpended in cafe the perfon fo convidied (hall immediately enter into recognizance before fuch juftices, (which they are hereby authorifed and required to take), himfelf in the penalty of ten pounds, with two fufficient fureties in the penalty of five pounds each, of lawful money of Great Britain, upon condition to profecute fuch appeal with effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the judgement and determination of the faid next general feflions, or general quarter feffions, and to pay fuch cofts as the faid court (hall award on fuch occalion; and the juftices in the faid next court of general felfion8, or general quarter feflions, are hereby authorifed and required to hear and determine the matter of the faid appeal, and to award fuch cofts as to them (hall appear juft and reafonable to be paid by either party, which decifion (hall be final; and if, upon hearing the faid appeal, the judgement of the juftice or juftices before whom the appellant (hall have been convicted (hall be affirmed, fuch appellant (hall forthwith pay the forfeiture or penalty (if any) mentioned in fuch conviftion, and the cofts awarded to be paid by fuch appellant; and in default of payment thereof, or in cafe fuch conviftion (hall contain a judgement of imprifonment, fuch appellant (hall immediately be committed by the faid court to the common gaol or houfe of correction according to fuch convi&ioo, and xor.the fpacc of time therein mentioned, without bail or main-prize, and alfo until the payment of fuch cofts as (hall be Awarded by the fame court to be paid by fuch appellant.

XXIV. Provided

18

in 1 or

I oi

a(

 v^,ooQle

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 106.	859

XXIV* Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That nothing Ad not to in this a£t contained lhall extend, or be conftrued, deemed, recited

*	*	* 3Ci 38 %!Q MV

or taken to extend, to repeal the. faid recited adl, as to any offencc conJ-offence committed, or any penalty or forfeiture incurred, or any mitted,or any a&, matter, or thing done or happened before the paffing of this penalty in-aft ; but that the faid recited aft fhall, as to every fuch offence, penalty, forfeiture, aft, matter, and thing, be and remain in full	ls

force and effeft, notwithftanding any thing in this aft contained to the contrary; and every fuch offence (hall and may be profecuted and punifhed, and every fuch penalty and forfeiture fhall and may be awarded, levied, and recovered, and all proceedings touching any fuch offence, penalty, forfeiture, act, matter, and thing, fhall and may be had under and by virtue of the faid recited adt, to all intents and purpofes, in fuch and the fame manner, and with the like force and effeft after the paf&ng of this aft, as if the faid recited aft had remained wholly unrepealed, and in full force and effeft, and as if this aft had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.	.

XXV. And be it further enafted, That if any aftion or fuit	°a°f

(hall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing by him, her, or them done or executed in purfuance of this alt, or for any caufe, matter, or thing herein contained, fuch aftion or fuit mall be commenced within three calendar months next after the matter or thing done, and (hall be laid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in fuch action or fuit may plead the general ifliie, and give the fpecial General ifluc. matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon trial a verdict lhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their adtion or profecution, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have, full cofts awarded to him or them againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

FIRST SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

FORM of CONVICTION and COMMITMENT.

B'

fE it remembered. That on the	day of	in the

year of hjs Majefty’s reign, and in the year of our Lord A, B, is convifted before us [naming the juftices] two of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county [*r, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place] of	of having [gating the

offence'] contrary to the ftatute made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign ot his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft, [hen f$i forth the title of the alt], and we, the faid juftices, do hereby order and adjudge the faid A. B. for the faid offence to be com* mined to and confined in the common gaol for the faid county

/Gfegle

 *

86o

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c.io6. [1800.

[priding, divifiion, city, liberty, town, or place] for the fpace of	[or,	to	be	committed	to	the	houfe of cofireflion at

within the faid county [or, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place] there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of

Given under our hands the day and year above written.

180

CJ

this

day

[

\

\\

*:« c

FORM of CONVICTION in a PECUNIARY PENALTY. lj ‘

BE it remembered. That on [purfuing the fame form as fur as the title of this aJl], and we, the laid juftices, do hereby adjudge and determine the Aid A. B. for the faid offence to forfeit and lefe the fum of	of	lawful money of

Great Britain, and do order the fame to be forthwith [ him, [or, her] into our hands, for the ufe ofhis Majefty.

Given under [as before].

FORM of COMMITMENT of a perfon fummonedisa WITNESS.

j! fc

n

‘i

\ hv K

at tr

WHEREAS C. D. hath been duly fummmoned to appear and give evidence before us [naming the juff ices who ijjuti the fummons], two of his Majefty*s juftices of the peace for the county [or riding, divifion, city, liberty, town, or place] of

on this	day of	at	being

the time and place appointed for hearing and determining the complaint made on the oath of [the informer or profecutor] before us, againft A. B. of having \Jiating the offence\ as laid in (be information] contrary to the ftatute made in the thirty-ninthyear of the reign of his picfent Majefty, intituled, An afi> [here irsfert she title oj the aft] : and whereas the faid C.D. hath not appeared before us at the time and place aforefaid fpecified for that purpofe, or < ffered any reafonable exCufe for his [or her] default, [0/-, and whereas the faid C. D. having appeared before us at the time and place aforefaid fpecified for that purpofe, hath not fubmitted to be examined as a witnefs, and give his [or her] evidence before us, touching the matter of the faid complaint, but hath refofed lo to do]: therefore we the faid juftices do hereby, in purfuance of the faid ftatute, commit the laid C. D, to the [dejeribing the prifon], there to remain, without bail or mainprize for his [or her] contempt aforefaid, until he [or (he] fhall fubmit himfelf [or herfelf] to be examined and give hrs [or her] evidence before us touching the matter of the faid complaint, or (Hall otherwife be difebarged by due courfeof law; and you the [conftable, or other peace officer or off ten to whom the warrant is directed] are hereby authoris'd and required to take info your cuftody the body of the faid C D snd him her] fafely to convey to the Aid prifnn, and hun [or her] there to deliver to the gaoler or keeper thereof, who is hereby amkorifed and required to receive into his cuftody the body of the hid

G D.

i

V!

t

I

u

I

I

 LjOOQle

i8oo.} Anno regn} quadragcfirao Georgii III. c. 106.

G* -0, and him [or her] fafely to detain and keep, pucfuant to this commitment. Given under our hands this day of	in	the	year	of	our	Lord

[ This commitment to be dirc&ed to the proper peace officer, and the gaoler or keeper of the prifon.]

SECOND SCHEDULE to which this Ad refers.

FORM of the OATH to be adminiftered by the arbitrators to the parties and witnefles under this ad.

THE evidence that you (hall give before us the arbitrators appointed by A. B. and G. D. [the parties to the fubmijfion], to determine the matters in difference between them, under and by virtue of an ad, parted in the fortieth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, An at7, [flate the title of the a£?]y (hall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.

So help you GOD.

FORM of the SUBMISSION to arbitration, and of the award to be made in purfuance of this ad.

I A. B. of, &c. [ fet forth the name, refidence, and defeription of the party] do hereby nominate and appoint C. D. of, &c. an arbitrator under and by virtue of an ad, parted in the fortieth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled. An afty [fet forth the title of the att], to hear and determine the matters in difference between me and E. F. of, fcfc.

I,	E. F. of, WV. do appoint G. H. of, i£c. to be an arbitrator under the faid ad for the purpofes aforefaid.

FORM of the AWARD or UMPIRAGE to be made by the arbitrators or umpire, and to be written at the foot of the fiibmiflion.

WE, /. K. and L. M. of, &V. the arbitrators above named,

[or I, N. O* the juflice, as the cafe may be], do hereby adjudge and determine that, &c. [here fet forth the determination to which the arbitrators or juftice, as the cafe may be> jhallfubferibe their names.]

Witnefs,

FORM of CONVICTION in a PECUNIAY PENALTY.

BE it remembered, That on the	day	of

in the	year	of	the	reign of	and	in

the year of our Lord	A.	B, is convi&ed before us,

,	[naming

 UiOO*

t6z

Anno regni quadragefiffloGfeofcgii III. c. 106. [i8od.

[naming the juftices], two of his Majefty's juftices of the peace for the county [or, riding, city, liberty, divifion or place] of for that the faid A. B. [ ftate tie offence, as for »egkflb% to fign the fubmiffim, or refufing to fubmit to the award within tbt time limited, as the cafe may be], contrary to the ftatute made in the fortieth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled, An oft, [here Jet forth the title of the aft], and we the (aid juftices do hereby adjudge and determine the laid A, B. for the faid offence to forfeit and lofe the fum of	of lawful

money of jGreat Britain, and do order the bme to be forthwith paid by him [he*, or them, as the cafe may be], C, D.

• 1800

l and

FORM of COMMITMENT of a perfon fummoned as 1 witnefc before the arbitrators.

mitment.

Given under our hands this year of our Lord

day of

This commitment to be dire&ed to the proper peace officer, and thd gaoler [or keeper] of the prifon [or houfe of corrcdion,]

w

Cif



TTfTHEREAS proof on oath hath been made before us,

^ * [ naming the juftices figning the commitment] two of his Majrf-ty’s juftices of the peaCe for the county [or riding, city, liberty, divifion, or place] of	on	this	day	of

That A. B. hath been duly fummoned, and hath neglefled to appear and give evidence before C. D. and E. F. the arbitrators appointed by and between G. H. and /. K. to determine the matters in difpute between them at	in the county [w,

riding, city, liberty, divifion, or place] of on the day of under and by virtue of an a<ft, made in the fortieth year of the reign of King Giarge the Third, intituled,/# oQy[hert Jet forth the title of the aft] \ and the faid A\ B. being required by us the faid juftices to give evidence before the faid arbitrator!, and (till refufing fo to do, therefore we the faid juftices do hereby, in purfuance of the faid a St, commit the laid A, B. to the [dej'cr thing the prifon, or houfe of correction] there to remain without bail or mainpnze for his [or her] offence aforeftid, until he [or (he] (hall fubmit himfelf [or hcrfclfj to be examined, aod give his [or her] evidence before the faid arbitrators, touching the matters referred to them as aforefaid, or (hall otherwife be discharged by due courfe of law : and you the [conftable or sthtr peace officer or officers to whom the warrant is direfled] arc hereby authonfed and required to take into your cuftody the body of the faid A. B. and him [or her] fafely to convey to the (aid prifon [or houfe of corre&ion] and him [or her] there to deliver to the gaoler [or keeper] thereof, who is hereby authorifed and required to receive into his cuftody the body of the (aid A. S, and him [or her] fafely to detain and keep purfuant to this coo-

in tbt

CAP,

rrcji

[eud

there

with and auth one mer law intc Ihiji Of ; gat< on; whi trar 1

tnt:

by

the

the

1

Sun

Ini

An

v

act

hot



*

i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefixno Georgii III. c. 107, 108. 863

■iTttf.'Z

r.rard

jr

vr'xit

■M

‘I * *

I

r’ ^

■;rf

]**

CAP. CVIL

An aft to permit, »«/i7 fix weeks after the commencement of the next fejfion of parliament the importation of Swedifli herrings into Great Britain.—[July 29, 1800.]

T*T 7HEREAS it is expedient under the prefent ctrcumfiances tc Preamble.

VV fermit.> for a limited timey the importation of Swedifli her-rings into Great Britain in Britifh Jbips^ or in Jhips belonging to perjons of any kingdom or Jlate in amity with his Majefiy, and navigated in any manner whatever, without payment of duty; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aiTembled, and bv the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day of May From May 1, one thoufand eight hundred, and until fix weeks after the com- l8o(?> until fix mencement of the next feflion of parliament, it fhall and may be th^com-^ lawful, to and for any perfon or perfons whatever, tb import mencement of into Great Britain from any port or plaqe in Sweden in any Britijh the next fef-fbip or veflel, or in any other fbip or veflel belonging to perfons f°n> herrings of any kingdom or ftate in amity with his Majefty, and tiavi- coafts of Swe-gated in any manner whatever, any herrings caught and curedden maybe on any of the coafts of Sweden, without the payment of any duty imported whatever; any thing in any aft or afts of parliament to the con- without pay. trary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.	raent 0 duty#

II.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That a due Herrings to be

entry fhall be made of all fuch herrings that (hall be imported	im^

by virtue of this aft, with the proper officers of the cpftoms at {^rtation^on the port into which the fame (hall be imported, and in default forfeiture thereof the fame fhall be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized thereof.

by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms.

III.	Provided always. That it (hall not be Jawful to export Swedifli her-Swedijh herrings/ to any of his Majefty’s colonies in the JFefi*ingsnotto *

Sassa-

CAP. CVIII.	Weft Indict.

An aft for indemnifying the governor of Surinam, or the perfon a fling as fuch, for having permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms \ and for making void all feizures of Jhips, veffels, or goods, for any thing done in purfuance of fuch permijfion.— [July 29, 1800.]

WHEREAS by an aft pajfed in the twelfth year of the reign Preamble.

of his late majefiy King Charles the-Second^ intituled; An t% Car. 2. aft for the encouraging and increafing of (hipping and naviga- c. 18. tioo, arid by other efts of parliament now in force, no goods or commodities whatjoever can be imported into or exported out of any lands, ijlands, plantations, or territories to his Majefiy belongings or in his pojfejfion, or which may hereafter belong unto, or be in the poffejfion of his Majefiy1 his heirs and fuccejfors, in Afia, Africa,

V ol. ALII.

K K K

or





Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 108. [1800.

or America, in any other /hip or jlip!, ve/fel or veffels wktfoever, but in fuch /hips or ve/fel5 as do truly, and without fraud, belong only to the people of Great Britain, or of any of tkle territories thereof, in the manner, and under the penalties, and fubjefi to the exceptions and regulations in the faid afls refpetlively contained: and whereat the fettlement of Surinam and its dependencies, on the continent tf South America, hath been furrendered to his Mojejbfs arms, ani is now in his Majefeyh poffeffm, and at the time tf fuch furmier fuch fettlement was in great want of Various necejfiries, ani greet quantities of the produce remained in the /aid fettlement, by reafin if' the interruption of the commerce to and from the fame previous ti fuch furrender, and under fuch circumfiances his Majtfly's governor, or the p erf on a King as fuch, thought ft to permit the importation inti the faid fettlement of certain articles of provifions, lumber, and other jlores for the fupply of the faid fettlement, in neutral and foreign bottoms, and aljo to permit the exportation of certain articles, the produce of the faid Jett foment, in neutral and foreign bottoms, under certain regulations and reftrititans : and whereas under fuch permlf fieri, feme /hips cleared at the/'aid ccforty with cargoes for this country, hut were detained by /hips, in the J'ervice of his Majeflj, although they had received failing infer unions in order to proceed ti Great Britain, urn it r the convoy about to proceed from the leeward ijknis: and whereas fuch importation and exportation as aforefaid were rendered ncccferry by the peculiar filiation of the faid fettlement, ani having been permitted fr om the neccffty of the occafion, the parties who were inure fed in the fame ftsould be protected again/ lefs; ani all perfens if/uhig, advifing, or a Ring under or in obedience to any order or pcrmifjion of the faid governor, or of any perfon ailing as governor of the faid fettlement; and all per fans concerned in any fa.

iS

portation or exportation as aforefaid, frill be reffectively judifud ani . indemnified therein, and rchafed from all penalties and forfeitures it

or

dp

me

ritj

or

am

the

arc

anj

iki

for

con

or

fpc

an\

par

or

fui:

2 V

or

wh

*h

act

ths

cf

or

Cef:

pro

all

Se’mireamade fuhfequent to Feb. 26, 1800, of vdlels navigated by order of the governor of Surinam, and of goods imported or exported under the regulations therein contained, ihallbevoid; and all n&ions brought againlt per-fons for haying iflued or advifed fuch order, (hall be difcharged.

refpeft thereof: be it therefore enached by the King’s molt excellent niajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lonh fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That ail feizurn made of any (hips or velfels navigating under any fuch order or permiflion, or importing or exporting any fuch articles as afore* laid, under the regulations and reftrictions contained therein, at any time fuKequent to the twenty-fixth day of February one thoufand eight hundred, and all feizures of any goods, merchandizes, or effects imported or exported in any fuch (hip or veffei, (hall be and are hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purpofes whatloever; and all perfonal adions and fuits, indictments, informations, and all profecutions and proceedings whatfoever, which have been or (hall be hereafter commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons for having iffued or advifed any fuch order or permiflion, or for an? a6l done by reafon or under the authority of any fuch order oc permiflion, or relating to any exportation or importation in con* fequcnce of any fuch order or permiflion, and alfo all proceedings whatever, which have been Qf dull be hereafter commenced

Olj

niei

hid

ftai

tior

a$t

oth;

her

oivr

N

t,1«

to. luir ler;

te>

K

h

C*f

>

ligitizegl by



i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 108.	865

or profecuted for or in refped of any forfeiture, or for the condemnation unucr the faid ads, or any of them, of any goods,

*	mcrclitfnJize, or effeds imported or exported under the autho-H rity of any luch order or permiflion, or of any (hip, boat, veflel,

’ * or other thins employed in fuch importation or exportation at any time fubfequent to the twenty-iixth day of February one /' thoufar.d eight hundred, (hall be and the fame are difeharged

and made void to ail intents and purpofes by virtue of this ad; Genera! iflue and that if any adion or fuir, or other proceeding whatfoever, j^o^Hons^ (hall he commenced or profecuted againft any perfon or perfons, for or by rcuion of any fuch ad, matter, or thing fo advifed, anu fliall re-commanded, appointed, or done, or foi borne to be done, he, (he, cover double or they may plead ihe general iffue, and give this act and the col*s> &c« fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs ia ■ any action or fuit, fo to be profecuted or commenced, in that 1 part of Great Britain called England, or in the IVeJl India iflands, or any of his Majcfty’s dominions in America, (hall become non-“| fuit, or forbear further profccution, or buffer difcontinuance, or if ! a verdid (hall pafs againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant • or defendants (hall recover his, her, or their double cofts, for r which he, (hr, or they (hall have the like remedy as in cafes v where the cods by law are given to defendants; and if any fuch / adion or fuit as aforefaid, (hail be commenced or profecuted in

*	that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in any other part ; of his Majefty’s dominions, the court before which fuch adion

or fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted (hall allow to the ^ defender the benefit of the difeharge and indemnity hereby provided, and (hall further allow him his double co(te of fuit in . all fuch cafes as aforefaid.

1

; 5

<■-

. v

V

r*':

U

&

&

1}

t

II. And be it further enaded, That if any feizures have been Where fei-made or (hall be made of any (hip or veflel, or of any goods or zures have merchandize as forfeited, or as prize, under or by virtue of the faid ad or ads, or if any procefs or proceeding hath been, or commenced (hall be commenced for the purpofe of procuring the condemns- for condem-tion of any fuch (hip or vcffcJ, goods, merchandize, or effeds ’or/ as forfeited, or y.i prize, under the (aid ads, or any of them, or dir the direo^ otherwile, by reafon or the importation or exportation of any ti0n of any fuch goods, merchandize, or effeds, in any (liip or veffel not court, the owned and navigated according to law, or if any fuch (hip or veflel, owner or degoods, merchandize, or effects hath been fold or dilpofed of by ae^iyl^)ffl^J1 the direction or under the authority of any court or courts, in court to iUy purfuance of any fuch feizure as aforefaid, or if any adion or proceedings, fuit hath been already commenced againft any perfon or perfons to ?btain for any fuch ad, metier, or thing fo advifed, commanded, ap- the vlffd^and pointed, or done, or forborne to be done, it (hall and may be g0O(j8> &c# lawful tor tiie owner or owners, or any other perfon a&ing as an agent on his, her, or their behalf, or for the defendant or defendants, in fuch proceis, proceeding, adion, or fuit refpec-tivelv, in whatever court in Great,Britain, or any other part of his Majefty’s dominions, fuch procefs, proceeding, action, or

K K K 2	fftpt	I

 VdOOvlL



866

Nothing herein to prevent owners of vcITcls, Sec. from bunging actions for damages again it perform making feizures.

But no fuch aftion8 author! fed, except in cafes where they might have been profe-cuted, if this ad had not pafled.

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 109. [1800.

fuit fhall have been commenced, to apply to fuch court or court! refpeftively, to ftay all proceedings thereon refpeftively, by mo-tion in a fummary way, and to obtain reftoration of any fuch fhip, vefTel, goods, or merchandize, or where the fame (ba!i have been fo fold or difpofed of as aforefaid, of the produce of fuch (ale or fales; and fuch court or courts is and are hereby required to make order for that purpofe accordingly.

III.	Provided always, and be it further cnafted, That nothing in this a<51 contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent any owner or owners of any (hip or veffel, goods, merchandizes, or effefts, fo feized as aforefaid, or any other perfon afting as an agent on his, her, or their behalf, from commencing or profecuring any aftion, fuit, or claim, again/l any perfon or perfons who (hall have made any fuch feizure, for any damages for or on account of fuch feizure, or any aft, matter, or thing relating thereto, having been illegal, and not authorifed by the laid aft or afts, or for or on account of any aft, matter, or thing for which fuch perfon or perfons would have been liable to any fuch aftion, fuit, or claim, if this aft had not been paired.

IV.	Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend or be conftrued to extend to authorife or warrant any fuch aftion, fuit, or claim, for or by reafon of any fuch feizure, or of any aft, matter, or thing done relating thereto, except in fuch cafes, or for fuch caufes in or for which fuch aftion, fuir, or claim might have been profecuted if this aft had not

CAP. CIX.

An aft for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the con-folidated fund, for applying certain fums of money therein mentioned, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred} for further t appropriating the fupplies granted in this femon of parliament, and fir making forth duplicates ot exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificate, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, loft, burnt, or otberwik i deftroyed.—[July *9, 1800.]	'

5,aoo,oool. out of the confolidated fund, may be applied towards tbe fupply for 1S00, and raifed by loans or exchequer bills. 5,300,00c!. oat of the duties upon income; and a!fo 1,150,0001. out of the duties granted by 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. may be applied towards the fupply for 1S00. Monies raifed by the duties on malt, &c. Penfione, £cc. Exchequer bills, annuities, by agreement with the bank, 5,300,000!. out of the duties upon income. 1,150,0001. out of duties granted by 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. Lottery, exchequer bills, and 5,100,0001. out of the confolidated hid may be applied as follows : 13,619,079!. 13s. ltd. for naval fenrim, tit 44+tOool. tor wages of 110,000 men, including 11,696 marines, fortvo lunar months, commencing January 1, 1800. 456,0001. for their fidualling. 710,0001. for wear and tear of Ihips. 60,oool. for ordnance for fea lervice. 111,510!. for ordinary of the navy. 115,615!. for extraor. dinary of the navv. 1,138,500!. for wages of 110,000 men, including 11,696 marines, for eleven lunar months, commencing February 1800.	1,199,0001.	for their victualling. 3,630,000! for wear and tear

of (hips. 302,500). for ordnance for fea fervice. 685,409k 13s. itd. for the ordinary ot the navy, including half pay. 656,515k lor buildings and repairs of (hip* and extra work*. 1,300,000k for tranfport fervice for 18oo. 500,0001. for prifoners of war in health, and 90,000! for fick ditto. 350,000k for ordnance for land fervice, for January and February 1S00, and 1,117,9601. 13s. 3d. for ditto, from March i, to December

3ti ilco.



i\ vV.

. ’’2

vr:

::d

., £

. />

-V

1800.] Anno regm quadragefimo Georgii I[|. c. 109.	867

31, 1800.	35,6711.	iis. 5d. for ordnance for land fervice in 1798, and

184..	314J. 13s. 3d. for ditto in 1799. a,ooo,ocol. to be remitted to Ireland., 1,400,000b to fulfil his Majcfty's engagements. 503,000!. for the emperor of Germany, See. 1,500,0001. tor the emperor of Germany,

545>494-l. for the emperor of Germany. 11,916,768!. is. lod. for land Service, viz. 510,596b for 90,047 effective men in Great Britain, jeriey,

Guernfey, Alderney and Holland, from December 15, 1799, to February 24, 1800.	166,480!.	for	forces in the plantations, Sec. for ditto.

92,6351. for fencible cavalry, and embodied pj ovilional cavalry for ditto.

232,998b for the militia, the miners of Cornwall and Devon, and fencible infantry for ditto. 40,000b for quartering loldicrs for ditto. 120.cool, for the barrack department for ditto. »i337fis?b 8s. 8d. for 80.175 effective men, officers, &c. in Great Britain, Jeriey, Guernfey and Alderney, from February 25, to December 24* 1800.	1,004,480b	139. 6d.

for forces in the plantations, See. for ditto, 42,9011. 19s. for difference between Britilh and Irilli pay, for fix regiments abroad for 1800.

*4>558b 38. 8d. for recruiting the regiments in Ealt India, for ditto.

530,000!. for recruiting and contingencies and for extra feed of cavalry tor ditto. 105,0541.7s. 1 id. for general, ftaff, and hofpital officers in Great Britain, Jerfey and Guernfey, for ditto. 1,306,121b 16s. 5d. for militia, the miners of Cornwall and Devon, two regiments of irifh militia and fencible infantry, from February 25, to December 24, 1800. 50,0001. for contingencies of the militia and fencible infantry for 1800.	127,06iJ.

13s. ad. for cloathing the militia, the miners of Cornwall and Devon, and two regiments ot Irilh militia for ditto. 26,280b 14s. 6d. for full pay to fuperuumerary officers for ditto. 105,747b 3s. 6d. for the paymafter general, commiflary general. Sec. for ditto. 140,000b for quartering loldiers, from February 25, to December 24, 1800.	120,000b	for	allow-

ance in lieu of fmall beer, from March 25, to December 24, 1800.

138,979b 7s. id. for reduced officers of the land forces and marines for 1800.	20I.	12s.	1	id. for private and fuperannuated gentlemen of the

horfc guards. i,oool. for officers late in the fervice of the ftates general.

52,500b for reduced officers of the Britilh American forces, and 7,500b for allowances to them. 143,310b 78. 3d. for Cheliea hofpital. 20,231b 128. for widows' penfions. 574,000b for volunteer corps. 3597334b for the barrack department, from February 25, to December 24, 1800.

471,128b 12s. 3d. for foreign corps. 566,688b 10s. for troops of the elector 6f Bavaria. 2,500,000b for extraordinaries of the army for 1800.

3.000.	0001. for difeharging exchequer bills made out under 39 Geo. 3.

c. 70.	2,506,250b	for	difeharging	do.	made	out	under the income duty

atf. 1,079,740b for difeharging do. made out under 38 Geo. 3. c. 16. and 76. 3.500,000b for difeharging do. made out under 39 Geo. 3. c. 69.

1,914,000b for difeharging do. made out under 59 Geo. 3. c. 68. 26,203!.

3s. iiiiied purfuant to addrefles of the houfe of commons. 7,950b for the civil eftablilhment of Upper Canada. 5,540b for the civil eftablilhment of Nova Scotia. 4,650b for the civil eltablilhment of New Brunfwick, in America. 1,900b tor the civil eftablilhment of the ifland of Saint John, in America. 1,840b for the civil eftablilhment of the ifl.ind of Cape Breton, in America. 1,640b for the civil eftablilhment of the iffand of Newfoundland. 4,100b for the civil eftablilhment of the Bahama Illands. 580b for the civil eftablilhment of the Bermudas or >omers Illands. 600I. for the civil eftablifhment of the ifland Dominica. 6,309b 168. 8d. for the civil eftablifhment of New South Wales. 20,000b for forts in Africa.

4,000b for the civil eftablifhment of Sierra Leone. 150,000b for foreign

' lecret fervice. 242,798b 58. id. for refugees of France, Toulon and Corflea, Saint Domingo lufterers, and American loyaliits, for 1800.

7,574b 6s. 3d. for refugees of France, Scc. for 1799.	24,074.	for New

South Wales. 6,369b for fuperintendance of aliens. 32,353b 16s. nd. for expences of convida at home. 200,000b towards the redu&ion of the national debt. 633,176b 15s. 6d. 2q. for intereft on exchequer bills.

163,368b 13s. iod. for difeount on loans and lottery. 39,675b 13s. lod. for intereft due to the bank of England. 15,907b as. nd. to the bank of England, for receiving contributions to the loan and lottery for 1799.

2,338b 196. 4d. for profecutton3 relating to the coin for 1759. i*,oool.

it k k 3	for

 VdOOQiC

$68

Anno regni quadragefimo Georgii III. c. 109. [1800.

for the lottery. 1,8051. 95. to the fecretary to the commiflionen for' reducing the national debt. 13,779b for fecret fervice abroad. 7,00c!. for repairs at the king’s bench prifon. 3,000). for the police office at Wapping. 8,000b for printing for the houfe of commons, i^ojl. for

Surchafe of a houfe in Abingdon ftrett, tor d' pofiting the journal* of tk otife of commons.. 3,575I. for the office of the coir miflien^rs for American awards. 5,000b for repairs at the marflialfe* prilon. 900b to officer? of the exchequer, for extra trouble in making out exchequer bilk ' j 6,000b for relief of Saint Domingo cliirrnnts. 177!. 6s 6d. foritaprtf-fions of the plan of propofed wet docks in tin: port ot London. 348b for expcnces of the parliament office. 1.482!. 16s. for additional ckria in the office for auditing the publick accounts. 2,6461. 9s. 6d. forex-pences of the police office in Wapping. nob 17s. 9-b for corrpleting the thirty-fourth volume of the manufeript journals of the houfe of lord. 9,760b 138. iod. to pay bills drawn from New South Wales. 155b9s. t to complete the pier at Douglas harbour. 900I. for relitf of ToidoaeSe emigrants, not included in eftiroate tor 1799. 44M. 138. for publifhinf weekly returns of die average price of Mufcovado l’ugir. 697b 7s. for I copper coin for New South Wales. 797I. irs. 6d. for exaencesofi I police office at Wapping. 680b 18s. for furveying rods io North Britain. 8*7!. 128. for an additional allowance to clerks in the office for auditing the publick accounts. 177b 158. 0!. $q. on account of the ex. pences of New South Wales, &e. 370! 9b. 6d. to the clerks of the houfe of commons, for attendance on publi k conimittfes. 41,400! for Ioffes . fuftained by the deftruftion of the ihips, the Aurora, the Mentor and the Lark, and their cargoes, referred to in his Maicftv’s rrtfT ge to the houfe of commons, of February n, 1800. 25.00CI. lor a roy.l military alvlum. 2,550b for works done .it Somerfet houle. 1,048!. 185 6d. tor fees on compenfation money, for Ioffes in confluence of the ecftrudion of ihips and cargoes from Mogador. 30 000!. to dilcharge bills from Ne» South Wales. 50,000b for demands of SMnt Domingo claimants. i,oocl. for iufveys, by order of the commiffioners for enquiring into the fbk of the woods and forefts. 1,0x4b 4s- 3d, for printing the joun-Is of tbc j houfe of lord8.	3,000b for the Britilh	mufeum.	3,000!. <ur t:* board	I

of agriculture.	5,000b for the Levant	company.	1,500! for the Vcten*	*

nary College, i.ocol. to Mr. Davis, for a dibovery of his method of [ cleaning wheat	damaged by fmut.	4.500b for	roads and hridges ra	J

North Britain.	447,039!. 4-s* od. iq.	for deficiency of gr.nts iu 1799.	j

Supplies not to be illued for any ofher than the autnorifrd purpoio. f Rules to be obferved in the application of the fum appropri ,tcd for halt [ pay. Officers employed on the ftaff or in garrifons, may receive hdf pav, I on taking an oath fpecified in this aft. By 39 Geo. 3. c. 114. a ceitair. I fum was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers, the overplus oi which may be di/pofed of as his Majjfty /hall judge proper. Duplicatn pf excheouer bills, lottery tickets, Sec. loft or dtHroyed, majr be PUt on affidavit of the faft, Sec.

PUBLIC

I





PUBLIC LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

Anno tricefimo nono et quadrageiimo Georgii III.

Regis.

It being thought unnecefTary to print in this place the whole of the titles of the Public Local and Perfonal Ads,' which are all infcrted in the Table; the Editor has feleded thofc Ads which he thought would be found of mofl general utility, cither at length, or made'copious abftra&s of them.

Cap. io.

An ad for the appointment and regulation of pilots for the concluding of (hips and veffels into and out of the port of Kingfton-upon-Hull 5 and for afcertaining the falvage for anchors, cables, and other Ihipa materials, found in the river Humber; and for the better afcertaining the tonnage of balialt lighters employed at the faid port.— [April 4* 1800.]

WHEREAS the corporation of wardens, elder brethren, and affift-ants of the guild or brotherhood of the Trinity Houfe of Kingiion upon Hull, have for a long period of years, by ufage, as well as by virtue of letters patent or charters granted to them by the crown, cxercifed the power of appointing pilots to conduit fhips and veffels from the river Humber to crofs the Teas, or lo pafs from the faid river Humbtr beyond Flamborough Head northward, and Winter ton nefs fouthwaid ; but they are not inveited with fufficient powers to prevent other per funs from alt* ing aspilots within the faid limits : and whereas it would greatly tend to the farcty of Ihips and veffels failing or trading from and to the port of Kingfton upon Hull, if effectual powers were given for appointing and regulating of pilots for conducting of Inch 'hips and veffels between the faid port and the fea, and for a fmall diftanre out at fea; and for preventing perfons not fo appointed, from ailing as pilots of any fuch fhips and vefTels, or of any fhips or veffels deftined from the faid port to crofs the leas, or to pafs beyond Flamborough Head northward, or Wintertctfincfs fouthward ; and alfo for fettling and afcertaining the falvage for anchors, cables, and other fhips materials, found in the fiid river Humber; and for the beter afcertaining the tonnage of ballaft lighters employed at the faid port. May it therefore ple&fe your Majefty that it may be enabled ; and be it enalted by the King’s molt excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this preftnt parliament affembled, and bv the authority of the fame, That it (hall be lawful for the wardens, elder brethren, and affiftants of the faid Trinity Houfe, and they are hereby author ifed and empowered from time to time, by writing under their common feal, to licenfe and appoint fucli perfons as they fhall, upon examination touching their fkill and abilities, approve of and think propeily qual.fitd for that purpofe, to be pilots for the conducing of (hips and veffels into and out of the port of Kingfton upon Hull aforefaid, and upon any part of the river Humber below the faid port, and fo far out at fea as t^ bring the Northnefs of Dimlington on the coaft of Holdernefs, to bear or be feen a fufficient diftance clear or open of the land to the fouthward thereof, fo as to pafs clear of the New Sand ; and the perfons fo iicenfed fhall, for the purpofes of this alt, be called River Pilots; and if any perfon, without haring fuch licence to alt as a river pilot as aforefaid, fhall, after the expiration of one calendar month from the palling of this alt, take upon himfelf to conduit or pilot any fhip or vefiel into or out of the laid port, or at any place between the faid port and the place at lea where the faid Nonhneis

K. K. K. 4	Of

 Gooole

Public Local and Perfonal	[1800.

of Dimlington bears as aforefaid; or if any perfon, other than fuch as (hall have been examined and declared by the (aid wardens, elder brethren, and affiftants, under their common feal, to be properly qualified and capable of conducing (hips and vefftls as a pilot at fea, Hull, after the expiration of the faid one calendar month from the pafling of this id* take upon himfelf to aft: as pilot of any (hip or veffel deftined on a voyage from the faid port of Kingfton upon Hull, in conducing fuch (hip or veffel from the place near the entrance of the faid river Humber, wWrt the faid Northnels of Dimlington bears as aforefaid, to crofc the leas, or (o pafs from Flamborough Head north vard, or Wintertonnelsfouthward; every fuch perfon (hall refpeftively forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, any fum not exceeding twenty pounds. Provided always, That nothing in this aft: contained (hall extend to oblige the mailer or other perfon having the command of any (hip or veffel outward bound, after the has been piloted out of the faid river Humber to fea, to employ or makeufe erf any pilot to conduct fuch (hip or veffel to crofs or pals further out at fea; or to oblige the matter or other perfon having the command of any (hip or veffel in the coal trade, or other coatting trade, whether laden or in oallaft, or of any Bririfh (hip or vefi'el of lefs than fix feet draught of water, or of any (hip or veffel coming into any of the roadileads within the faid river Humber for the purpofe of flicker, or of obtaining (tores or provifions only, to employ or make ufe of any pilot; nor to prevent or hinder any owner, part owner, matter- or mate of, or any perfon belonging to any (hip or veffel inward bound, from conducing or piloting the (hip or veffel to which he (hall belong, into and up tbe (aid rivrr Humber, in cafe none of the faid river pilots (hall be ready, and offer to conduft and pilot the fame; nor to prevent or hinder any perfon or per-fons from shifting any (hip or veffel in diltrefs. Pilots to pay for their fil'd licence fix guineas, and afterwards three guineas. Trinity Houle may fufpend pilots. Commiflioners. Fir ft meeting of commiffioners to be within one month after paftirig this aft. Commiffioners to fettle the clerks and other officers falaries. Commiffioners to acknowledge their acceptance of the truft. Future meetings of the commiffioners. On the death of any of the commiffioners, &c. others to be Hefted. Pilots to affift King's fhips in preference to others. Pilots milbehaving to forfeit not exceeding twenty pounds, and, on complaint by commiffioners to the Trinity Houle, to be fufpended. And for ascertaining the rates to be paid to the faid river pilots, for the condu&ing or piloting any (hips* veffels as aforefaid, be it further enafted, That no greater rates (hall be demanded or taken by any fuch river pilot than what (hall be from tine to time afeertained, fixed, and fettlea by the (aid commiffioners at any of their meetings, fo that the rate fo to be afeertained, fixed, and fettled for piloting or conducting any (hip or veffel belonging to any of his Ma-jetty's fubjefts, into the faid poit of Kingfton upon Hull, from the place at (ea where the Northnefs of Dimlington bears as aforefaid, be not left than three (hillings nor more than five (hillings for every foot of water fuch (hip or veffel (hall draw, and fo in proportion for the fraction of i foot, fuch fraction not being lefs than half a foot j and for piloting and Conducting any fuch (hip or veffel into the faid port from the place within the (aid river Humber where the fpurn lightboufe bean north eaft, or from any diftance within the faid river Humber to the buoy of the Bur-come, not lef3 than two (hillings and fixpence nor more than three (hillings and fixpence for every foot of water fuch (hip or veffel (hall draw, and fo in proportion for the fraction of a foot, fuch fraftkm not being left than half a foot 5 and for piloting and condu&ing any fuch (hip or wife! into the faid port from the diftance of the faid buoy not lefs than two (hillings nor more than three (hillings for every foot of water fuch (hip or veffel (hall draw, and fo in proportion for the fraftion of afoot, fuch fradfion not being lefs than half a foot; and for piloting and conducting any fuch (hip or veffel into the faid port from Whitebooth road to the (kid river Humber, not lefs than one Hulling nor more than two (hillings tor every foot of water fach (hip or veffel (hall draw, and fo in proportion fog the fraftion of a foot, fu:h fraftion not being left thin half 1

toot;

■ v VV*.

Sft

r. f

■ r.





■ i

i ii j

-■J



v>

-I '■ >•

" ;<

Sj

S' , >

i

;■

i*

x3oo.]	39 & 40GE0. III. c. io*

foot) and for piloting and conducing any fach (hip or vefiel from the laid port, fo far out to fea as to bring the laid Northnefs of DiinJingloti to bear as aforefaid, not lefs than three (hillings nor more than five thil-lings for every foot of wat^r fuch (hip or veflVl (hall draw, and fo in proportion for the fraction of a foot, fuch fraction not being lefs than half a root. And for ascertaining the rates to be paid to the (aid river pilots, for the conducing or piloting any alien (hip or vefl'el, be it further cnafted, That no greater rates (hall be demanded or taken by any fuch river pilots, than whatHhall be from time to time ascertained, fixed and fettleo by the faid commiflicners, fo that the rate to be ascertained, fixed and fettled, for piloting or condufting any (hip or vefTel belonging to aliens into the faid port of Kingftonupon Hull, from the place at fea where the Northnels of Dimlington bears as aforefaid, be not lefs than five (hillings nor more than feven lhillings for every foot of water fuch (hip or veftel (hall draw, and fo in proportion for the trad ion of a foot* fuch fra&ion not being lefs than half a foot; and for piloting and conducing any fuch alien (hip or veil'd into the faid port from the place within the Humber where the Spurn Lighthoule bears north eaft, or ,frcm any diftance within the laid river Humber to the buoy of the Bur-come, not lefs than four (hillings nor more than five (hillings for every foot of water fuch (hip or veil'd Ihall draw, and fo in proportion for the fraftion of a foot, luch fraftion not being lefs than half a foot; and for piloting and conducing any fuch (hip or velfel into the faid port from the diitance of the faid buoy, not lels than three (hillings nor more than fix (hillings for every foot of water fuch (hip or veil'd Ihall dr iw, and fo in proportion for the fraction of a foot, fuch fraftion not being lefs than half a foot; and for piloting and concluding any fuch (hip or velfel into the (aid port from Whitebooth road in the faid river Humber, not lefs than one (hilling and fixpence nor more than three (hillings for every foot of water fuch (hip or vefiel Ihall draw, and fo in proportion for the fraftion of a foot, fuch fraction not being lefs than half a loot; and for

Piloting and conducing any fuch alien (hip or vefiei from the faid port fo ir out to fea as to bring the faid Northnefs of Dimlington to bear as afore laid, not lefs than five (hillings nor more than feven (hillings for every foot of water fuch (hip or veflll (hall draw, and fo in proportion for the fraftion of a foot, fuch fraction not being lefs than half a foot. Provided always, That in any of the cafes aforefaid, or herein-after mentioned, if the fraction of a foot (hall exceed half a foot, the fame, in ascertaining the rates, (hall be deemed and confidered as half a foot. Coomuflioners empowered to vary and regulate the prices of pilotage. Ships outward bound in bailaft to pay only two thirds of the rates. CoalUrs to pay only half of the rates. Vtflels drawing lefs than fix feet • water to pay for fix feet. Proportioning the rates of pilotage. Rewards for pilots'affifting (hips in diltrefs to be fettled by commiilioners. Additional pilotage for piloting extra diftance. Mafters of inward or outward bound (hips refufing pilots, pilotage to be paid. Pilots leading the way in any veil'd to be intitied to full pilotage. Ships forced back after parting with pilots, and piloted out again from any of the roads, to pay not exceeding one half of the rates. Diftance outward bound (hips are to be piloted. Pilots to have three (hillings and fixpence a day for their attendance. Pilots quitting (hips without leave, to forfeit pilotage, and not exceeding ten pounds. Places to which inward bound (hips are to be piloted. Rates for birthing (hips. Mafters to give pilot a true account of the draught of water of their (hips, and pilot authorifed to admeafure. Perfons liable to pilotage. On nonpayment of rate, com-miflioners may diftrain. Mafters forcibly taking away pilots, to pay them mate's wages, and forfeit not exceeding twenty pounds. Majority of pilots may have a joint ftock. Commiflioners to keep accounts of money received for licences, for penalties and of difburfements. Application of licence money and fines. Rewards to meritorious pilots. Accounts to be audited by five or more commiflionerS. Pilots not to keep publick houfes. Expcnces of obtaining this aft to be afeertained by the comniiftioftcrd. The laid expences to be raifed by a tonnage duty of

one

 

Public Local and Perfonal Afts [1800.

one halfpenny per ton. Application of the tonnage duty. Account# to be kept of the receipts and payments in refpeft of the tonnage duty. Tonnage duty to ceafe after the charges are paid. Commiflioncn to fettle falvage of anchors. Perfons finding anchors, cables, &c. to bring them to Hull, and give notice thereof,-with a defeription in writing, in order to fuch anchors, &c. being advertized. Perfons taking away any buoy, kc. to forfeit not exceeding twenty pounds. If offence committed by pilots, they are to be broke. All veiTels carrying ballaft for hire, to be regiitered. Lighters to be weighed. Tonnage to be ascertained by guage marks. ! Lighters to take their turn in fupplying fhips with ballaft. Commiflioncn clerk to examine lighters, &c yearly; and if he fhall difeover any fraud, to prefent the fame to the commillioners. Owners refuling to produce lighter to be reviewed or to trim and pump before delivery of balldt, to forfeit nor exceeding five pounds. This aft not to extend tothe Trinity Houle of Deptford Strond, Dover, Deal, the ifle of Ttianet, orNewcafilc ■ upon Tyne. Nor to prejudice the corporation of Kingfton upon Hull. . Nor the Trinity Houfe of Kingfton upon Hull. Nor the dock company 1 of Kingfton upon Hull. Not to arFeft the rights of the corporation of Great Grin.lby. Commifiioners empowered to make bye laws, which fhall be printed : but not to be repugnant to the laws of the realm. Two juftices of the peace to hear and determine offences. For compelling the attendance of witnefles. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feflions. Proceedings to be within lix months. Form of conviftion. 1 Diftrefs not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Pro ceding* not I to be quafhed for want of form. Limitation of actions. General iftue. Treble cofts. Publick aft.	I

Cap. 23.

An aft for making and maintaining a navigable canal, from the rim 1 Thames, near to the town of Gravefend, in the county of Kent, to the , river Medway, at a place called Nicholfon’s Ship-yard, in theparith of Frindfbury, m the laid county ; and alfo a certain collateral cut, from White Wall in the laid panlh, to the laid river Medway.—[May 16, 1800.]	1

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a canal, for the naviga* { tion of boats, barges, and other veftels, from the river Thames, near to the town of Gravefend, in the county of Kent, to the river Medway, at or near to a certain place called Nicholfon1 Ship-yard, in the pirilh of Frindfbury, in the faid county, and the making and maintaining of 2 canal or collateral cut,, for the navigation of boats, barges and other veflels, from the faid canal, at or near to a certain place called White Wall, in the faid parilh of Frindftmry, to the river Medway, oppofite, or nearly oppofite to his Majefty’s dock yards at Chatham, will greatly facilitate and render lefs expenfive the carriage and conveyance of coals, timber, ftone, corn, lime, and manure, and of all wares, goods, and other articles, and will materially and confiderably improve the agriculture of the circumjacent country, and will render unnecefl'iry a long and circuitous, and fometimes dangerous navigation on the open fea, and will otherwile be of great private and publick advantage. Certain ptrfons incorporated by the name of “ The Company of Proprietors of the Thamei and Medway Canal.” Proprietors may raife forty thoufand pounds for making the canal, to be divided into (hares of one hundred pounds each. Shares to be perfonal eftate. Subscribers to have a rote for every lhare.

» Form of appointment of proxies. Proprietors may raife twenty thoufand pounds more if neceflary. Power to raife money by mortgage. Form of mortgage. Form of transfer. Intercft of money borrowed to be paid in preference to dividends. Notice to be given of paying off money. Aflignees not to vote on account of having lent money. The company of proprietors (hall aflemble on the fccond Saturday after palling this ad, and the fecond Saturday in May every year. Chairman and committees to be appointed. Proprietors may make bye laws. General aflcmbliei

for





M V\

r



- r . i

.■■0

- !<

■ i

.1800.3	39	&	40 Geo. III. c. 23*.

for choofing committees to confift of fifty /hares. Aflembly of proprietors may be e/pecially convened. General Mfcmbly to elect .and appoint officers, and take fecurity from them. Officers, &c. to account. Powers of the committees. Committees to make calls. Shares mny be forfeited, but no advantage to be taken of forfeiture without perfonal notice. On the death of fubferibers before /hare completed, executory may do it. Shares may be fold. Form of conveyance of lhares. After a call no fhare to be fold until fuch call /hall be paid. Regulations as to the acquisition of ihares, by marriage, by will, or in courfe of adminiitration. Names ofc proprietors to be entered in a book, and certificates of their lhares delivered to them. Powers for miking the canal and collateral cut. For protecting the dreams of frefb water. Power to make rollers or inclined plane3, &c. Houfes, gardens, &c. not to be in jured, except a piece of garden ground in Higham. Breadth of canal and towing path not to exceed forty yards. Biffins to be made. No building to be ereded on the towing paths, except for the navigation. If old roads are destroyed, new ones to tie made. Two parts of a plan and book of reference to be certified by the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, and depofired one with the clerk of the peace for the comity of Kent, and the other with the company of proprietors. Not to deviate without confent. Land owners omitted in the Dook of reference not to obftrudt the making of the canal. Bodies politick empowered to fell and convey lands. Contra£Vs and Tales to be made ft the expence of the company. Form of conveyance to the company. Satisfaction to be made. If parties are diflatisfied, value to be afeertained by a jury. Fine upon flieriffa, &c. making dr fault. Expences of witndTcS and jury by whom to be paid. Perffins requeuing juries to enter into bonds to profecute. Notice of injury to be given to proprietors. What • fatisfaftion to be made for tythes. Vtrditf to value lands, and damages to be afeertained feparately. Verdids to be recorded. Power to enter and take pofieflion of lands, 8cc. on payment or tender of purchafe money. For paying off mortgages on lands taken by the company. Purchafe money belonging to corporations, &c. to be laid out to the fame ufes. For rcinvdting purchafe monies. Damages not provided for to be fettled. Rates of tonnage. For all freeftone, lirneftone, chalk, bricks, tiles, Ihtes, corn in the ftraw, hay, ftraw, faggots, dung, manure, fand, Rones, and clay, conveyed upon the canal or collateral cut, two-pence per ton per mile. For all cattle, calves, fheep, fwine and other beafts, and all coal, charcoal, coak, culm, and lime, and all rough timber, hemp, bark, tin, iron /tone, pig iron, and pig lead, three-pence per ton per mile For all flour, wheat, barley, oats, beans, peaie, malt and potatoes, four-pence, per ton, per mile. For all hops, fruit, goods, wares, merchandizes, and other things whatfoever, fixpence, per ton, per mile. Tolls for paffmg on the towing paths. For every horie, See. two-pence. For every drove of oxen or neat cattle, one fluffing and eight-pence per fcore. . For every drove of fwine, ffieep or lambs, ten-pence per fcore. Tolls to be taken but once a day. Tolls for paftage boats, two-pence a mile. Rates for entering the bafons. Proportion of a mile to be taken as a mile. Recovery of rates and tolls. Rates and tolls may be altered. Mailers of boats to give an account of their lading. Fifty cubic feet of round and forty feet of fquare oak, alh, elm, or feech timber, and fifty feet of fir , or deal balk, poplar, birch, or other wood, not cut into feantlings, to be deemed a ton weight. One hundred and twelve pounds weight avoirdupois or hops, coal, coak, culm, lime, fand, /late, tin, freeftone, lime-ftone, and all other commodities, to be deemed a hundred weight; and two thoufand two hundred and forty pounds weight, to be deemed one ton. In cafe of difference concerning the weight, collector may weigh goods, &c Power to fix the price of fmall parcels. Navigation to be tree upon payment of rates, unoer certain reftri&ions. Veffcls under five tons burthen not to pals locks without confent of proprie.ors. X.ord of manors and land owners may trc& wharfs, &c. If not done by land owners in lix months after notice, the company may build wharfs, &c. Further allowance to the company for goods remaining upon their wharfs. Company not to ufe private wharfs. Regulations for vdfals in batons.

Drain*

gitized by



S73

Public Local and Perfonal Ads [1800.

Drains to be made to convey water from the lands adjoining and watering places for cattle. For fencing off towing paths. If company do not fence off towing paths and mate bridges, &c. landowners may dp it at the company^ expence. If bridges, &c. made by the company are inefficient, land owners may make others at their own expence. Swiyd or drawbridges to be Unit after vdTels have p.ifled. Works damaged by floods to be repaired by thp company. Enabling the company to clcanfc the adjoining water courfes at the land owners expence. Names on the outiide of boats to be fixed. Weight of the lading of veflels to be marked. Owners accountable for damages done by the boatmen. Mailers to recover from boatmen. Places to be made for boats to turn or lie in for other boats to pafs. Veflels obftruding the navigation to be removed, and veflels funk to be weighed up. Canal not to be obftruded. Locks not to be left open. Penalty on deftroying the works. Regulations for palling the locks. Lock keepers not to give preference. Canal not to be under the power of commilfioners of fewers. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to the fiffiery preferved. Saving the lights of the city of London as confervators of the river T*hames. One Hulling rent to be paid yearly to the city of London as an acknowledgement for making a communication of the can/d with the river Thames. Forpreferv-ing rights oi tilhery to the city of London. Saving the rights of the city of Rocheller as confervators of the river Medway. One Ihilling rent to be paid yearly to the city of Rocheller as an acknowledgement for making a communication of the intended canal with the river Medway, For preferving rights of filhery to the city of Rocheller. No oyfter6 to be laid or taken in the canal. The banks not to be hurt by the exercife of rights of fifhery. Power for land owners to afe pleafure boats. Mines referred to lords of manors and other proprietors. Company’s agents to be at liberty to enter lands or mines to view the works. Subfcribers compelled to pay their fubferiptions. Authority given to the mayor and fu/bces of Gravelend and Milton to ad in their own jurifdidion. Fines and forfeitures. Perfons aggrieved by irregularity in diftrefs to recover only the fpecial damages. Form of convidion.. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter ieflions. Proceedings not to be qualhcd for want oi form, npr removed by Certiorari. Limitation of adions. Treble colts. Pub-lick ad.

Cap. 24.

An ad for amending the feveral ads paired for making, extending, finilhing, and completing the canal navigation from Manchefter to or near Alhton-under-Lyne, and Oldham, and the feveral cuts and other s works authorifed to be made and done by the company of proprietor! of the faid canal navigation j and for granting to the laid company further and other powers.—[May x6, 1800.]

Former ads recited. Empowering the company to raife thirty thoufand pounds by creating new lhares or on notes. Holders of notes may apply their notes in the purchafe of new lhares, &c. Proprietors may rile twenty thoufand pounds more by mortgage. Notes to be repaid at kh time as the company lhall fix. Rates to be a fccurity for the notes. How the company may fue for money not paid on calls made under'the former ads. Money arifing from the falc of forfeited lhares to be applied to fini firing the canal and paying thfe company's debts. Proprietors to have a vote lor every lhare not exceeding fifteen in perfon and fifteen by proxy. Proprietors may hold more than thirty lhares in the canal. Authoring the company to refer matters in difpute to arbitration. Company empowered to take an additional two (hillings for every boat paffing a l<xk laden with lime or limeftone. Authorifing the company to take addition*! one penny per ton for wharfage of fucli articles as lhall not nay thcrompiny two-pence per ton for tonnage. Altering the mode of afeertaining the tonnage of timber. Fixing the hundred weight at an hundred and twelve pounds. Authorifing the company to buy in chief rents. Requiring the

company



875

• rf

■ - ct

: i

.. . rl

.-tl

'i

r .4

'J

vi

it

.. y

1800.]	39	&	40	Geo.	III.	c.	35, 36*.

company to buy in the chief rents, referved out of the land purchafcd from feoffees of the free grammar fchool in Manchefter. Repealing the claufe directing the mode of laying affifTments. Repealing claulV directing fwivel and draw bridges to be ftiut after veflVls have palled them. Wht^e the company have made new roads the old ones to be veiled in the company, and converted to their ufe or fold. Authoring the Aihton canal company to ereft and maintain a flop gate acrofs the communication between their canal and the Rochdale canal. Application of com-penfation money. Expenccs of obtaining this aft to be paid by the company. Publiclc aft.

Cap. 35.

An aft for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parilh of Saint John Hampftead, in the county of Middle .'ex —[May 30, 1800.]

Guardians appointed, who are to be truftees for the workhoufe. Election of new guardians. The firft meeting of guardians to be on Monday fevennight after palling this act. Guardians to defray their own cxp~nces at meetings, and fuch as are juftices may aft. A chairman to be chofen. Bye laws may be made. To be entered in a book with other proceedings. No bye law, Scc. to be repealed unlefs by a greater number than made it. Guardians may appoint officers and take lecurity from them. Guardians to fue and be fued in the name of their treafurer. Guardians may raife lix thoufand pounds by annuities or on debentures for years. Money railed to be charged on the rates. Annuities, &c. affignahle. Guardians empowered to provide a workhoufe and furniture and materials for employing the poor. Wafte lands may be taken for a workhoufe, &c. with confent of the lord of the manor. Application of compenlation money for lands, Ac. purchafed. Guardians may make contrafts. Contracts, &c. to be entered in a book. No guardian to hold place of profit or be concerned in any contraft. Guardians not to have a voice at any meeting wherein any of them fliall be interefted. How rates (hall be paid, where houfes are inhabited by ambaff.ulors and their fervants. For levying rates. See. Rates of houfes, &c. let to lodgers, to be paid by the landlords or owners. Guardians may fue by way of aftion. Accounts to be audited. Penalty on overfeers not collecting rates. Overfeers to pay the money collected to the treafurer. Money left to charitable ufes to be applied by guardians according to the will of the donor. Work-houfe furniture, See. vetted in the guardians. Penalty on buying, &c. cloaths, &c. fumilhed for the poor. No fpirituous liquors to be carried intb the workhoufe. Punifhment of poor mifbehaving themielves. Encouragement to be given to induftrious poor. Guardians to grant certificates. ^Children taken in to be apprenticed. Children may be difeharged or hired out. Poor may be employed in harvelt. Inhabitants may be witneffes. Recovery and application of penalties. Appeal. Juftices empowered to grant relief upon appeal againft the rates wdthout quaftiing the whole afleflment. Proceedings not to be quafhed for w ant of form. Expenccs of this aft to be paid out of firft money received by guardians or their treafurer. Limitation of aftions. Treble cofts. Pubhck aft.

Cap. 36.

An aft for better enabling the company of proprietors of the Rochdale canal, to raife money for completing the faid canal, and to vary the line of the faid canal, and to alter, explain, end amend the aft, paffed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, lor making the faid canal.—[May 30, 1800.]

Reciting former aft, and that the company have proceeded in making the canal and expended 291,900k but have not fmilhed it. The company may raife *oo,oool. Several fubferibers are willing to advance thirty pounds per centum on their Awes. Power to raife to much of one hundred







876

Public Local and Perfonal A&s [1800.

drdd thoufand pounds as fh^ll not be advanced in manner aforefrid, od notes to be repaid in eight years or n.adc ftock in the canal. Tolls, See* to be a fecurity for the money advanced. Power of railing the money by annuities. Annuities may be afligned. Form of grant of annuity to be entered with the clerk of the company. Form of transfer to be alio entered with the clerk. For compelling payment of interelt money and arrears of annuities in preference to dividends. A receiver may be appointed. For Compelling payment of principle monies. Repealing daufe m the former aCt for payment of inrereft until the canal is eompWted. Company empowered to rch 11 lands abfolutely or on chief rents. Company to fell rderved rents absolutely. As to conveyance of land taken from comn.oits and payment of the purchafe money. Copyholds may be enfrdnchi fed hy pcifons beneficially entitled although net feized of the inheritance or legal eftate. Prefcnbing form of conveyancing of land feparated into fniall parcels. Company empowered to reconvey and re* leafe the lands of Daniel Leech, not wanted for the canal. Explaining claufe in the former aas to the repair of roads over the approaches to bridges. Company authorifed hy order of two juftices of tbepcaccto divert and turn highways. Directing the proceedings in aftions for calls. Power of deviating from the original parliamentary line of the canal and company allowed to deviate fifty yai\is. Additional rates. For every ton of done, lime, lime-ft one, dung, manure, clay, fand, and gravel, palling or not palling through any lock, one halfpenny per mile, for every ton of tm b- r goods, wares and cthrr merchandize, not pitting through any loe k, one halfpenny per mile. For every ton of timber goods, wares and other merchandize parting through any lock, one penny per mile Thirty cubic feet of round or fquare oak, ain, elm, or beech timber, to be deemed a ton weight, and one hundred and twelve pounds weight avoirdupois to be deemed one hundred weight. Rates may be altered. Allowing the company to take water for puddling. Forp ying oft* mortgages on lands ufed for the navigriion. For referring diiputesto arbitration. Company to fix price of fmril parcels. Confirming the cliulAs in the former ad for the protection of the miilholders. Lng necr* 'to a leer tain gauges, &c. Company not to take any water railed tram mines. Foi punifhing perlons who ihall divert any of the feeders ot the Kivers Irt, Roach, lrwcll, or Calder, for the ufe of the canal. Form of conviCb’cn. Appeal. Proceedings not to be quaftnd for want o‘ form, nor removcable by Certiorari. Diftrefs not unlawful for want of form. Requiring the company to finilh that part of thiir canal lying between the duke of Bridgewater and the Alhton canal, and requiring the company of proprietors of the Alhron, to erect and finilh the bridge over their communication with the Rochdale. The wafte water at the jundion of the Kochdale and Alhton canals, to be difcharged into the b.ilbn <>;tbe Rochdale, and the wafte water of both canris to be conveyed into the duke of Bridgewater's canal or his tunnel. Application of compeuUioa for land, &c. Publick aCh

Cap. 37.

An a& to enable the Der.rne and Dove canal company to finilh and complete the faid canal, and the ftveral collateral cuts branching therefrom ; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the powers of an ad, parted in the thirty-third year of the reign of bis prefent Mujrftyj for making and maintaining the Lid can*l and collateral cuts; and lor cncreaiing the loiib thereby granted.—[May 30, 1800.j

Former a& recited. Power to raife thirty thouLnd pounds among the proprietors by new fubfeription or by calls. If by fubicriprioo to be divided into fix hundred haif Ihares at fifty pounds each. It thirty thou-fend pounds infurticient, to raife ten thoufand pounds more by mortgage. General afiembly or committee to make calls of monty. For more eafy recovering calls. Share of proprietors not paying calls made liable that-



I

r*.

".'3

3:

•v

1800.]	39	& 40 Geo. III. c. 38, 39*.

to, and may be fold to difcharge fuch calls. Perfons having particular interefts only in fhares, may moitgage fuch finres for the calls paid in

}>urfuance of this ad. Directing the application of purchafe money for ands, &c. Company empowered 10 colled additional rates, not exceeding hdf the prefent rates. No additional rate for flag flones, limcftone or lirr.e previoufly navigated on the Barnfley canal. Swivel bridges to be flint and f^llened. Company empowered to leafc the rates. Publick ad.

Cap. 38.

An ad for altering and amending an ad, palled in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining the Peak Foreft canal ; and for granting to the company of proprietors of the laid canal further and other powers.—[May 30, 1800.]

Reciting former ad, and that the company have expended the money they have railed, and are in debt. Piopnrtors to have a vote for every iliare not exceeding fifteen in perfon and fifteen by p’oxy. Author ling the company to refer matters in dilpnte to arbitration. Empowering the company to raife one hundred and fifty thousand pounds by creating new iharee, or on notes. Diieding the new lhares to be numbered. Mortgagees may apply their mortgages in the purchafe of new lhares or notes. How the company miay fue for money not paid on calls made under the former ad. Money arifmg from the fale of fh-’res forfeited under the former ad, to be applied to finilhing the can d ; and paying the company's debts. Reftraining perfons from uling pallage boats, without the con-fent of the company. Company empowered to relell land on chief rents, or abfolutely. The words “ Grant, Bargain, and Sell,” to operate as covenants for the title. Application of rents and purchafe money. Where the company take any common or waftc ground, conveyances to them by the lord of the manor to be lufticient. Explaining claufe in former ad Z3 to repair of roads over approaches to bridges. Where the company have made new roads, the old ones to be vefted in the company, and converted to their ufe or fold. Repealing claufe directing fwivel and draw bridges to be Ihut after velTtls have palled them. To authorize perfons to ufe water from the canal for condenfmg water for fleam engines. Application of compenlation money for lands, See. Publick ad.

Cap. 39.

An ad for enabling the Huddersfield canal company to finifh and complete the Huddersfield canal; and for amending the ad, palled in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majeity, for making and maintaining the (aid Huddersfield canal.—[May 30, 1800.]

Former a<5t recited, and that the compmy have expended all the money they have raifed, and are in debt. Doubts have arilen as to the conftruc-tion of the claufe for raifing the additional ninety thoufand pounds authorifed to be railed under the former ad. Company^ may raife by calls twenty pounds a lhare, to be applied in payment of their debts, &c. The (hares of proprietors not paying calls made liable thereto, and may be fold to difcharge calls. Enabling mortgagees to dedud the calls from the money advanced on mortgage. Perfons having particular interefts only in (hares may mortgage fuch lliare6 tor the calls pud in purfuance of this ad. Empowering the company to raife the money wanted, by creating u^w lhares or on notes. Mortgagees may apply their mortgage* in the purchafe of new lhares or notes. New lhares to be numbered and entered in a book. Company may lue for money not paid on calls made Under former ad. Money a riling from the fale of lhares forfeited under the former ,id, to be applied to finilhing the canal, and paying the company’s debts. Proprietors to have a vote for every fliare, not exceeding ten in perfon and ten by proxy. Authorizing the company to refer matters in diipute to arbitration. Hefei ring the difputes bet ween the company

and

8 77





Public Local and Perfonal Ads [1800.	iS

and Jofeph Radcltffc efquire, to the determination of arbitrators to be	^

named by the parties. Company empowered to refcll land ori chief rents	Jo

or absolutely. Copyhold lands may be furrendered. Before any lands, py See. are refold, the company to offer the fame to the perfons from whom	P'

purchafed. The words a Grant, Bargain and Sell/* to operate as cove*	Pr<

nants for the title. Application of rents and parchafe money. The	be

canal charged with the payment of rents* Explaining daufe in former	ap

aft as to repair of roads over approaches to bridges. Where the company	at

make new roads, the old ones to be vefted in the company, and converted ' v; to their ufe or fold. Repealing claufe directing fwivel and draw bridges	th

to be fliut after veffels have pa fled them. Dirednng what farther rivulets,	fu

&c. are to be conducted under or over, or by the fide of the anal or other	fo

works of the company. Penalty on perfons diverting rivulets, &c. con*	an

trary to the former or this aft. Company indiftable for not repainM	*	ar

roads damaged by them. Giving an action of debt for damages affeffea	;	ci

by a jury. Application of compenfation money for lands, Afc. Pub- ' ft lick aft.	ol

Tt

Cap. 42.	”

An aft for raifmg a further fum of money for carrying into execution two c feveral afts, pafled in the thirty-fiftn and thirty-eighth years of the' a reign of his prefent Majeity, for widening and improving the entrance	t

into the city of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more com-	1

modious llrcet or pafiage at Snow Hill, and for raifing, on the credit	r

of the Orphans Fund, a fum of money for thofe purpofes; and for	S

explaining and	amending the faid afts.-—[May 30,	1800.]	i

J

Afts 35 Geo. 3* c. 126. 38 Geo. 3. c. 61, recited. Whereas confiderabk	j

progrets hath been made in carrying the faid afts into execution, whereby	t

the entrance into the faid city at Temple Bar, hath been greatly improved:	1

and whereas in forming the original ertimateof the cxpenccs ofeffofting	h	j

the faid improvements, fufficient allowances were not made for the fob*	(	t

fequent depreciation of the bonds and fecurities which by the firft redted	j	;

aft were directed to be given, for fecuring the monies thereby aathorifed	J	t

to be borrowed ; nor were adequate allowances made for the fums paid	1

and to be paid in feveral unforeseen cafes, as compcnlationg for good will, Ioffes and damages, to perfons occupying or being interefted ia houfes and other hereditaments, by the faid adts aathorifed to be pur-chafed; and in the faid eftimate credit was taken for the monies to be received by falcof the ground rents, and the reverfion, freehold, and inheritance of fo many houfes, or fuch parcel of the buildings, hods,	i

tenements, and hereditaments, by the faid afts authorifed to be purchafed	,

and taken out of the llreets, as lliould not be afterwards laid into the	-

ftreets or otherwife appropriated to publick ufe; but it being found ape.	1

dijjnt that the faid improvements to be made at Temple Bar and Snow Hill aforefaid, ihoultl be carried on at both places at one and the kmc time, the lad mentioned monies, which will amount to a very confidcr* able fum, cannot be obtained by fuch fale, until all the purthafes yet remaining to be made purfuant to the faid ads (hall be aftually made; for' which reafons the fund created by the firft herein-before redted aft, is found to be infufficient for completing the faid improvements: and whereas, if the land tax charged upon the houfes, buildings, hnds, tene. ments, and hereditaments, purchafed and to be purchafed for the kid	j

improvements, were redeemed according to the ftatutes lately made and	j

provided concerning the redemption and purchafc of the land tax, fuch	|

redemption would be highly beneficial not only to the eftate fo intended	,

to be fold as aforefaid, but ultimately to the funds provided and to be	,

provided for carrying on the (aid improvements: and whereas the fund called The Orphan’s Fund, was eftaoliflied by an aft pifled in the fifth and fixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled,

An aft for relief of the Orphans, and other creditors of the city of London, for the purpofes therein expreffed; which laid fund, and the

teccipU

 UooQle

iSoo.] 39 & 46 Geo. III. c. 47*.

receipts and difburfements thereof, are under the management and direction of the court of mayor and aldermen of the faid city of London ; and by feveral ads p.ilfed in the twenty-firft year of the reign of his late ma-jefty King George the Second, and in the i'eventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, the feveral provilions for fupporting the faid fund, have been continued and augmented, and the whole of the rates and charges applicable to the faid fund, from the time of parting of the Lift-mentioned ad, arc to remain and continue until the twenty-ninth day of September which will be in the year of our Lord one thoufand eight hundred and thirty-one, when fome of the faid rates and duties are to ceafc, but the fum of ten thoufand pounds per annum by the laid ads of parliament, or fome of them, charged upon and made payable out of the revenues of and belonging to the fiid city of London, and certain other of the rates and charges therein alio mentioned, are thereby continued until the.principal monies charged upon the laid Orphans’ Fund, together with intereft for the fame, lhall be paid off and annihilated : and whereas the income of the faid fund has for feveral years pall fo much increased as to attord a reafonable probability, that if the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons in common council aflembled, were enabled to raii’e the fum of thirty thoufand pounds, to be applied for ‘the purpofes of this ad, upon the credit of the lurplufies to arife from the Laid fund, fuch furplurtes will be amply fufficient to pajy off fuch further charge, as well as the intereft on the aforelaid fum of fixty thoufand pounds, un;il redeemed in manner herein-after mentioned, together with the whole of the debt and fums of money already charged thereon, previous to the faid twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand eight hundred and thirty-one: and whereas ft is expedient that the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London, in common council artemlled, rtiould be empowered to mile and borrow upon the credit of the faid fund called The Orphans’ Fund, the further fum of thirty thoufand pounds, and upon the credit ot the monies to arife by fale of the ground rents and elhtes to be fold by them, in purfuance and by virtue of the faid two recited ads, and of this ad, the further fum of fixty thoufand pounds, to enable them to carry on and complete the faid improvements, and redeem the laid land tax, and to be by thrm applied accordingly. Common council empowered to raife thirty thoufand and fixty thouland pounds upon the credit of the Orphans’ Fund, of the monies to arife by fale of ground, rents, &c. Contributors to be entitled to redeemable annuities. Common council to caufe bonds, or other fecurities, to be given for fuch annuities, aflignable by indorfe-ment. The Orphans’ Fund charged with fucli annuities. Future fur-plufies of the faid fund how to be employed. Upon notice of redemption of annuities and tender of the monies, the annuities to ceafe. Deficiencies to be paid out of the chamber of London. The money to be raifed and borrowed under this ad, to be applied only for the purpofes of the two recited ads, and of this ad, and the furplus thereof, if any, to go towards the increafe of the Orphans* Fund. Common council to fell the ground rents and reverfion of luch parcels ot the land, &c. purchafcd and to be purch iled and taken from the ilrrcts untier the two recited ads* as fhall not be appropriated to publick ufe. The receipt of the chamber-lain, See. to be fufficient clifcharges for the purchafr monies. The monies to arife from fuch fidcs to be applied in redeeming the annuities to be granted in refped of the faid fixty thoufand pounds, in order to exonerate the Orphans’ Fund therefrom; and the furplus (if any) of fuch monies, is to go towards the increafe of that fund. The corporation anfwerable in cafe of any mifapplication. Difburfements to be included in the chamberlain’s annual accounts. This ad not to afirct any of the city’s prefent creditors. Certain claufes, powers, &c. of the firft recited ad extended to this ad. Publick ad.

Cap. 47.

An ad for making wet docks, batons, cuts, and other works, tor the greater accommodation and fecurity of fhipping, commerce, and revenue, within the port of London.—[June 30, r8oo.]

Vol. XL1L	L l t	WHEREAS

 1 ^.ooQle

r.o

880

Public Local and Pcrfonal Aft's [1800.

WHEREAS for the greater accommodation and fecurity of (hipping, commerce, and revenue, within the port of London, it a expedient that good rnd fufficient wet docks and batons, with proper cuts, flu ices, and outlets, fhould be made and eftablKhed, undcT proper regulations in convenient fitiMtions, within the port of London, and a near as /nay be to the city of London and feat of commerce, with legal quays and wharfs attached thereto, for the reception and difch&rgc of loaded Ihips and other velleK And whereas the feverd perfons herein, after named, have entered into a fubfeription to raife a certain fumasa jnint-ftock or fund, for the purpofes atorefaid, and for carrying into execution and completing the leveral works heretn-aftcr mentioned. Sub* it feribers to be a joint frock company by the name of “ The London Dock ''Company.** Stock to be deemed pcrlbnal eftatc. Sale^and transfer of Jlock. No per ions anfwerable tor more than their rcfpe&ivc ftock. Stock not liable to attachment according to the city of London. Five per cent intereft on every instalment of the fubfeription. Company to make din. dends on dock not exceeding ten pounds per cent per annum. Proprietors of five hundred and lefs than one thoufand pounds Itock to have oat vote, at every general meeting of the company. One thoufand and left than five thoufand pounds ftock to have two votes. Five thoufand and lefs than ten thoufand pounds fto k to have three votes. TenthouCwd pounds and upwaids to have four votes and no more. Qneftiooi to be decided by vote. Chairman to have the cafting vote. Two general courts to be held yearly on the firft Wednefday in January and July. Qualification to vote by twelve months pofieftion of ftock. The company may increafe thtir ftock not exceeding one million two hundred thoutmd pounds. Directors empowered to audit accounts of receiver!; and to make calls on proprietors. Perfons neglcdking to comply with fuch calls, to forfeit five pci* cent, and may be fued for their rtfpe&ive (hare* by the company ; and if fo neglecting for two calendar months, imy be either fo fued, or at the option of the directors to forfeit all their (hire and in. terelt in the laid undertaking, in favour of the reft of the proprietor!, No advantage to be taken of any forfeiture until notice; nor unlefctheCame be declared forfeited at a general meeting. Reprefcntativea of proprietor! before call (no provifion being made for the lame) charged therewithal debtors; but on refufri or negkd to anfvver fuch call, company cm-powered to admit other perfons as proprietors in their (lead, on repayment of all monies advanced by fuch dteeafed proprietors. StHf meeting to be-wkhin one mxmtb<ai~Ur piOing.thifr.adw Company may make bn laws. Any nine proprietors may requeft a general meeting to be cilled by notice to the clerk or treafurer. Appointment of chairman, deputy chairman, and directors, who (hall appoint places for meet ng for the purpofes of this adt, and continue for one year. Five directors to be a quorum. Queltions to be decided by a majority. In cafe the capital of one million two hundred thoufand pounds (hall not be raifed or found infnfficient, company may borrow three hundred thoufand pounds, and may aliign the rates as a fecurity. Form of aflignment. Aflignracnti transferable by indorlemcnt. Intereft on money borrowed to be pdd half yearly in preference to the dividends. That the laid company lhaii be, and they are hereby authorifed and empowered, by themte cr their deputies, agents, workmen, and fervants, to make, complete, and maintain one or more dock or docks, bafon or batons, lighter dock or lighter docks, entrance or entrances communicating with the river Thames, in the pirifties following (that is to lay), Saint Botolph with-out Aldgate, in the manor of Baft Smithfidd, otherwife called Saint Botolph without Aldgate, Eaft Smithficld, Saint John of Wapping, Saint George Middlefex, commonly called Saint George in the Balt, Saint

PtnPa	Sninfr	Paul	Qksnuwll

18

lane

to

lin

foi:

Ln

am

the

ext

Jo!

• tur

Ho:

Ga

CU!

io.

fir

Be

fo,

M

fa,

m

ai*

c

Paul's Shad well, otherwife called Saint Paul Shadwell, alias ChaftwcD. ail within the Tower Hamlets, and in the county of Middlricx; all which dock or docks, bafon or bafons, lighter dock or lighter docks and entrance or entrances, are to be contained within the bouadi de-fa ibed by the under mentioned limits; (videlicet). On the weft by a line Ynnning along the eaft tide of Nightingale lane, including all the buildings and premifes within the fame, from the north-call corner of the hid

lane,

ot

Ot

Ot

IK

0<

th

of

tu

P3

in

ta

fa

I)

al

ti

ir

V

D

CC

b*

iu

Ot

n-j

h

ot

fit

or

w

bi

bv

G;

th

ft,

Si

tu

ir

ft.

ft

i>





i iSoo.] 39 &46 Geo. III. c. 47*.

lane, fouthward to the north-wrft corner of a brewhoafe yard, belonging ; to Thomas and Robert Alien, fituate on the eaft fide of Nightingale **t lane, afordaid; from thence running eaft ward along and including the fouth fide of two certain ftorchoufes belonging to the brewhoufc of the i faid Thomas and Robert Allen, to the fouth-eaft extremity of the fame, and then returning fouthward along (but not including) the eaft face of the (aid brewhoufe, to the iouth eali extremity thereof, and as far as the 3 extent of the yard or piece of ground (including the fame) belonging to 3 John Betts junior, and leafed to the faid Thomas and Robert Alien, and ^ -turning caftward along the fouth fide of the faid yard, in a line to the .3 north eaft corner of number eight, fituate on the weft fide of Mulberry yj Gardens, alias Ten Foot Way, belonging to John Betts junior, and oc-*

. j cupied by John Chafe, thence proceeding acrofs the Mulberry Gardens* fouth-weft ward to the north-weft corner of number eighteen, on the fouth * fide of the Mulberry Gardens, alias Ten FootWay, belonging to John Betts junior, and in the occupation of Margaret Stewart, and along the fouth-eaft face of the ftreet or way leading from Nightingale lane, to the Mulberry Gardens, (including the buildings and premiles within the ^ fame), till it returns to the eaft fide of Nightingale lane, from thence ,y running fouth-eaft ward along the eaft fide of Nightingale fane, (including all the buildings and premifes within the lame), to the north end of " j Charlotte ftreet; all which aforefaid pr^mifis are within the faid parifh ^ of Saint John of Wapping; and croifing Charlotte ftreet, into the parilh of Samt Botolph, without Aldgate, in the manor of Eaft Smithfield,

. otherwile called Saint Botolph, without Aldgate, Eaft Smithfield, to the north-weft extremity of a building belonging to John James elquire, and 7 * occupied by Mefirs. Jones and Bullcock, as an iron foundry, and along ^ the welt fide of (and including) the fame, to the fouth-weft comer there-1 of, at the north end of the pillage or way, called Dock Side Weft, then r turning eaftward as far as the width or the faid north end of the faid d pafi’age or way, and again turning fouthward, along the weft fide of (and

*	including within the lame with all its rights and boundaries) the Hermit tage dock and bridge, to the fouth-weft comer thereof, adjoining to the fouth-eaft extremity of the wharf and buildings belonging to William

i'1 Downe, and commonly known by the name of Hawley’s Wharf, and alio (including the wtftern extremities of the lame) a building ufcd as an J engine houfe, as alfo two houfes belonging to the faid John James, and

*	in the feveral occupations of John Tunbridge, Adam Martin, and John 'f Watkins ; and alfo a certain piece of ground belonging to the faid William - Downe, and tiled as a wharf for Hupping mud, allies, and other foil,

commonly called a Dung Wharf ; and alfo a certain timber building,

> belonging to the faid William Downe, now in ruins, and ufed as a ware-houfe; all which five feveral parcels of buildings and ground are fituate ■:< on the weltern bank of the Hermitage dock, and are, together with fo much of the f.iid dock, as lies to the welt ward of the central fine of the fame, within the parilh ot Saint Botolph, without Aldgate, in the manor of Eaft Smithfield, otherwife called Saint Botolph, without Aldgate, Eaft Smithfield; and fuither bounden on the fouth, by croifing the ioutb end ~ of the Hermitage dock, from the fouth-eaft extremity of Hawley’s 1 wharf before rented, to the fouth-weft extremity of the wharf and the > buildings belonging to Saint Andrew Saint John, and commonly known . f by the name of Hore’s Whart; there again entering the parilh of Saint John of Wapping, including the ground, foil, or Ipace, as far to the c fouthward thereof within the above limits into the river Thames as thirty feet, and fo as not to injure the navigation of the faid river j thence returning northward through the aforefaid premifes, belonging to Saint Andrew Saint John, and in the occupation of Edward Hore, to'the. north-welt corner of the lame, adjoining to Wapping ftreet, thence croffing Wapping ftreet, to the fouthem comer of a houfe belonging to . the faid John James, and in the occupation of George Folkcs, fituate on the north fide of Wapping Itrect, and numbered three, and running 'K along (and including) tne fouth-eaft face of the fouth-weft corner of a certain warehouse or (table, belonging to John Raban, as executor of ;	2.	1.	l	a	1	hornau

y		CjOCH7l0

Public Local and Perfonal Afts [1800,

Thomas Lord, and in the occupation of the (aid Edward Rorc, and eastward and northward along (and including) the fouth and eaft tides of the lame, to Charlotte ftrect; thence crofting Charlotte ftreet, in a right line to the fouth-eaft comer of Hermitage yard, including all and every foch parts of the faid Hermitage dock and bridge, with all its right and boundaries, as lie to the eaftvvard of the central Tine of the fame, and are withn the parifti of Saint John of Wapoing, and along (and including) the fouth face of a dwelling houfe belonging to John Rixon, and in his own occupation, to the fouth-eaft extremity of the fame, there entering the parbh of Saint George, Middlefex, commonly called Saint George in the Eat; all which laft recited premifes are within the faid parifh of Saint John of .Wapping. From thence going eaft ward along the north fide of Great Hermitage llreet, (including all the buildings and premifes within the fame) to the fouth-we ft corner of Fryer’s hill, there returning northward, along the welt fide of the faid ftreet, or way, called Frytr's hill, (including all the buildings and premifea within the fame), to the north-calf extremity of certain premites belonging to John James, and in the ! occupation of Ann Harwood ; thence croffing the faid Fryer’s hill, ani j proceeding ealtward along the foutb fide of a cooperage yard, include the fame, belonging to the faid John Rixon, and in the occupation ot Charles Rixon and Richard Hovill, as alfo the fouth fide of premifes , fituate on the louth fide of Red Mead lane, belonging to Peter Taylor ; efquire, and in the fcveral occupations of Edward Mansfield and Charles 1 Wells, returning northward along (and including) the eaft fide of the faid I latt-mentioned premifes in the occupation of Charles Wells; and thence 1 ealtward acrofs Mathew’s court, along and including the foutb fide of ! the premifes belonging to Jonathan Mathew’s, and in the fcveral occu. pations of James Corbet and William Chriftophef, and returning north, ward along and including the eaft fide of the faid laft-mentiond prem/fer in the occupation of William Chriltopher; thence proceeding eafhnrd ( acrofs the common fewer, and running along and including the fouth fide \ of a houfe and premifes fituate on the weft fide of King llreet, Sarapfon'i ■ gardens, belonging to Mary Scott, in the occupation of William Coombe, ' number four, to the fouth eaft corner thereof; then crofling King ftrect ■ aforefaid, to the north-weft extremity of Brett ftrect, and along the north J fide thereof (including all the buildings and premifes within the fame),to j the eaft end of the faid ftreet; and from thence returning fouthwardaioeg the eaft fide of Prince's ftreet, (including all the buildings and prcmiio within the fame), and eaftward along the north fide of the eaft end ot Great Hermitage ftreet, (including all the buildings and premifes within the fame), and acrofs the north end of Ruflcll's buildings; froratbeos returning fouthward along the eaft fide of RuflcH's buildings, (include all the buildings and premifes within the fame), to the fouth-eaft corns thereof next Wapping ftreet, and eroding Wapping ftreet, to the north-

weft corner of a building belonging to------Hyde, and in the occupation

of Peter Meftaer, and ufed as a reed died, attached to and on the eaft » fide of Bell dock, there re-entering the aforefaid parifh of Saint John o: Wapping; all which laft recited premifes are in the aforefaid pirilboi Saint George Middlefex, commonly called Saint George in the EaI: thence running farther fouthward along (but not including) the etfterr fide or bank of Bell dock to the fouth-eaft extremity ot the fame, on the bank of the north fide of the river Thames; thence proceeding eaftwad along the faid bank of the north fide of the river Thames, to the fouth-weft extremity of the publick alley or pafiage way leading to and fron Wapping old ftairs, including all the buildings and premifes uponiod within the laid bank of the faid river, and including the ground, foil, of fpace, as far to the fouthward thereof, within the above limits, into the * river Thames, as thirty feet, and lb as not to injure the navigation of ,the faid river; thence returning northward along (and including) the premifes on the weft fide of the faid publick alley or pafTageway to the north-eaft corner thereof next Wapping ftreet, number two hundred and ninety; thence crofting Wapping ftreet, to the fouth eaft corner of the watch hou/e, on the north fide of the faid ftrect; and from thence northward



8S3

-s

if

J3

-fT

<

/.*

rs'

r;l : i*

5

V/J

.:i'5 • - '<



*■

.■*

V*

■

■</

\'}

1800.]	‘	39 & 40 Geo. III. c.47*.

ward and eaftward along (but not including) the weft and north (ides of the church yard wall of Saint John of Wapping; and thence running north-eaftward and crofting the weft-end of Grten bank, to the fouth-welt corner of Bird ftreet, there re-entering the aforefaid parifh of Saint George Middlefex, commonly called S aint George in the Ealt; all which laft recited premifes are within the aforefaid parifh of Saint John of Wap-ping: and farther northward along the whole length of the weft fide of Bird ftreet, (including all the buildings and premifes within the fame), and crofting the north end thereof to the eaftward along the north fide of Tench ftreet, (including all the buildings and premifes within the Tone), and crofting Harriet's place, at the foutf end thereof, to the weft end of a paflagevvay leading unto Anchor and Hope alley, and along and including the north fide ot the faid paft'ageway t;ll it meets the weft fide of Anchor and Hope alley; from thence running northward along the weft fide of Anchor and Hope alley, (including all the buildings and premiits within the fame), to the north end thereof, as alfo along the weft fide of Broad ftreet, (including all the buildings and premift-s within the fame), till it meets the return line of the north fide of Worcefter ftreet; thence crofting Broad ftreet, and running eaftward along the north fide of Worcefter ftreet, (including all the buildings and premifes within the fame), and eroding Old Gravel lane in the fame line of direction, till it meets the ea/t fide thereof; fiom thence proceeding fourhward along the faid eaft fide of Old Gravel lane aforelairi, (including all the bmlcings and premifes within the fame), to the northwelt extremity of Charles ftreet; then running eaftward along the north fide of Charles ftreet, (including all the buildings and premifes within the fame), and extending eaftward from the ealt end thereof, to the north-weft extremity of certain premifes belonging to the trultee9 of the charity commonly called Raines’s Hofpital, and along Paradife row, along adjoining on (but not including) the noith wall of the faid premifes called Raines's Hofpital, to the north-enft extremity thereof; thence crofting the ftreet or way called Fawdon Fields, to the fouth-weft extremity of a houfe, fituate on the eaft fide of Pie faid ftreet or way, belonging to Thomas Robins, and in the occupation of James Sibley ; from thence running; fouth ward along, and including the weft fide of the faid premifes to the fouth-weft extremity thereof, as alfo along (and including) the wtft fide of the premifes in the fame line of

direction belonging to Mrs.--- James, and in the occupation of the

faid James Sioiey, to the north-weft extremity of James's place, there returning eaftward and fouthward, round and including the fouth and weft boundaries of the laid premifes, till the line enters the wafte called Fawdon Field, at the fouth-weft extremity of the faid premifes, there crolfing the wafte to the north-weft extremity o! a yard or garden appertaining to a houfe fituate on the north fide of King ftreet, belonging to John Puce, and in the occupation of Thomas inltant, from thence running louthward along and including the weft hounds of the laid garden and houfe, to the fouth-weft extremity thereof next King ftreet, from thence running eaftward along the north fide of the eaft end of King ftreet, (including all the buildings and premifes within the fame), to the lbuth-eaft corner thereof next New Gravel line, tin re entering the parifh of Saint Paul's Shadwell, otuerwife called Saint Paul Shad well, otherwise C had five 11 j all which laft recited premifes are within the aforefaid parifh of Saint George, Middlefex, commonly called Saint George in the Eaft : from thence proceeding northward along the weft lide of New Gravel lane, (including all the buildings and premifes within the fame), till it meets the return line of the north fide of Milk yard, thence crofting New Gravel lane, an 1 them e extending eaftward along the north fide t)f Milk yard, as alfo of the ftreet or way called The Lower Turning (including all the buildings and prcmil'cs within the fame), till it meets the fouth-weft corner ot Great Spring ftreet, thence extending eaftward to the north-welt corner of the premifes fituate on the fouth fide of Brewhoufe yard, belonging to Richard Carpenter Smith, efqnire, and in the occupation of Michael Dunn, and running louthward along and including the weft bounds of the fame, as well as of other premifes, belonging to

ill;	the





I

884	Public Local and Perfonal Ads [i8oq.

the faid Richard Carpenter Smith, and which are unoccupied, and return, ing ealtward along and including the fouth bounds of the faid laft recited premiss, as alfo of other premiles belonging to the faid Richard Carpenter Smith, in the occupation of Andrew Bradford, to the ibuth extremity of the fame, from thence running fouthward and eaftward, round and including the weft and fouth (ides of the premifes belongingroMary Darton,

and in the feveral occupations of-James Wafer,-------Cooper,---Smith,

— Savage, and John Wallis, and res urning fouthward from thefouth-cd extremity of the faid laft-mentioned premifes, fituatc on the fouth esHera bound of the turn of Wapping wall, (thereby crofting Wapping wall)to , the north-caft comer of a houfe belouging to the dean of Saint Paul !, London* and in the occupation cf Ann Tingling, thence extending fouth-weitward to the north weft extremity of the premifes fituate on the fouth

fide of Wapping wall aforefaid, belonging to Miftrefs------Fendall, and .

in the oocupation of William Hill, and returning fouthward along and	I

including the weft fide of the fame till it again meets the bank of the	|

north fide of the river Thames, at the fouth*weft corner of the (aid hit 1 recited premifes, thence proceeding eaftward along the laid bank of the	j

north fide of the river Thames, to the fouth-weitern extremity of the	'

Eremites occupied by and belonging to Shadwcll dock, including all the uildings and premifes upon and within the faid bank of the faid river, -aqd including the ground, foil, or fpace, as far to the fouthward thereof within the above limits into the river Thames as thirty feet, and fo « not to injure the navigation of the faid river 5 and further bounded on the eaft fide thereof, by extending northward from the (aid fouth weftenux* tremity of the premifes belonging to and occupied by-the Shadwcll dock, along (but not including) the weft fide of the fame, to the north-weft comer thereof, there eroding lower Shnd.wtll ftreet, to the fouth-wtft corner of Griffin ftreet, ami going northward along, and including the premifts on the we it fide thereof, to the no: t h-eait com r of a cotam yard or piece of ground belonging d> the a fort Paid de.tn of Saint Paul's, 1 London, and in the occupation of Henry Fletcher, and thence returning | we ft ward along and including; the north bounds of the faid hft-nratiowd yard or piece of ground, thrive returning northward along and including the eaft (ides oi certain other premifes fituate on the eaft fide of Fox'* lane, belonging to the aforefaid dean of Saint Paul’s, London, in the (eve- ; ral occupations of William Hill, William Lawfon, and Richard and • .Andrew Doweling; and returning weft ward along the north fide of the faid laft recited premifes, till it metts the eaft fide of Fox’s lane aforefiid, there eroding the faid lane, and proceeding northward along the welt fide thereof, (including all the buildings and premifes within the fame), to the fouih-eait extremity cf Shadwell church yard; and farther bounded on the north by proceeding weft ward along (hut not including) Shadwcll church yard wall, to the fouth weft corner of the fame, and thence weitward along and including the north fide of the premiles fituate on the eaft fide of Shakefpeare’s walk, belonging to William RHe, numbered forty, in the occupition of James Sargent, there erwfing Shakefpeare's walk, and proceeding weitward along and including the north fi le of the preirufis fitmte on the weft fide of Stafe-fpsare’s walk, belonging to William Cimper, and in the occupation of

-----Welch, numbered twenty-five, as alfo of other premifes lituatc on

the eaft fide of Farmer ftreet, belonging to the faid William Camper, and in the occupation of John Procter, numbered thirty-eight, there croffiug < Farmer ftreet, and proceeding weft ward along (but not including) the north fide of Cow lane, to the noith welt extremity of the fame, not New Gravel lane, there crofting New Gravel lane in the fime line or Cire&ion, thbnce returning northward, along the weft fide of New Gnvd , lane, (including all toe buildings and premifes within tlie lime), to the fouth-eaft extremity of the ilreet or way called Welt’s Gardens, rhencc proceeding weft ward along the fouth of Weft s gardens (including all the buildings and premifes within the fame) to the fouth-weft extremity thereof, then returning fouthward, along and including the weft fide of a garden and other prermfes belonging to the aforriaid dean of Saint Paul's,

ar^

 L.ooQle

t

1.. 3

- *1

J*

*



*

■ I*

- ;■

vil

<*

j*

I

d

.1/

1800.]	39	8c 40 Geo. III. c. 47	*.

and in the feveral occupations of — Nattali and William Smellie, then re-entering at the fouth-weit corner of the lame parilh of Saint George, Middlesex, commonly called Saint George in the Eaft; all which laft-re-cited premifes are in the parilh of Saint Paul's Shad well, otherwife called Saint Paul, Shadwell, alias Chadfwdl : then turning fouth-weft ward along and including the north-weft fide of a certain meadow belonging to William Lucas, and in the occupation of William Holmes, to the north-

eaft corner of a garden belonging to captain --- Breaker, and in the

occupation of Thomas Reeves; thence running weltvvard along and including the north fide of the laid laft-mentioned garden, and along and including the north fide of a yard and other pre-mill.s belonging to the

aforefaid captain---Breaker, and in the occupation of the laid Thomas

Reeves, to the north-eaft corner of the premifes number ninety-two on the eaft fide of Old Gravel lane a fore laid, belonging to Thomas Hawes, and in the occupation of John Hag n, and along and including the north fide of the fame; thence crofting Old Gravel lane, to the fouth-eaft extremity of Pennington ftrect, thence continuing wdlward along the fouth fide of Pennington ftreet, for the whole length thereof (including all the buildings and premifes within the fame), to the fouth-weft extremity thereot; thence crofting Virginia ftreet, to the eaft of King's Head alley, at the north-eaft extremity of the premifes uftd as a timber yard, belonging to the eftate of the late Jeremiah Ergift, to whom William Wheeler is executor, and in the occupation of William Mountford, there again re-entering the parilh of Saint John of Wapping; all which laft recited premifes are in the parilh of Saint George, Middlelex, commonly called Saint George in the Eaft; and from thence continuing wdlward along and including the north hounds of the faid timber yard, as alfo of a houfe and other premiles belonging to the laid eftate of Jeremiah Ergaft: aforefaid, and in the occupation of Simon Smith, adjoining on the fouth fide of King's Head alley aforesaid, to the fouth end of Wiltlhire lane, and thence returning northward from the lbuth-weft extremity of the faid Wiltlhire lane, along the weft fide thereof (including all the buildings and premiles within the font), to Parfon s ftreet; from thence returning weft ward along the fouth fide of the welt tnd of Parfon’s ftreet, and from the weftward extremity of the fame, along the fouth fide of Eaft Smithfield, including all the buildings and premifes within each of the fame refpe&ively, to the uorth-eaft corner of Nightingale lane, afore-laid ; all which laft recited premifes are in the laid parilh of Saint Jobn^ Wapping. Company not to make Hups, &c. for building or repairing \ ^ vefiels. Directors empowered to build and make a wall round the dock \

' for unloading fbips, as alio to inclofe the quays. For fupplying the docks, *. ! &c. with water from the river Thames. To make bridges and other I pafljges. Company to caufe fewevs and drains to be arched over; and j to build new ones under the direction of the comn illioners of fewers. j \ New lewers to be veiled in the commiilioners of lewcrs. Power to pur- ( 1 chafe land and to treat. Limiting the power of purchafing to five years. J j When parties refulc or are unable to treat, &c. the directors to ifiue a » j precept for impannclling a jury. Mon, y allowed for lands, &<:. purchafed, ;

\ how to be chargeal and tendered. Eltales purehaled to veft ablolutely in 1 the company. Company to purebate Shadwell water works for fifty ' thoufand pounds. Application ot compenfation money for lands, &c.

; Tenants at will, Sec. to deliver poftelfion on fix months notice. Mortgagees on tender of principal and intereft to convey; on refufal intcreft ; to ceafe. Bargains and files to have the force of fines and recoveries. #

\ Diredors may fell, let, or exchange eftates. Hocks to be completed in)

; feven years. Empoweang the company to fcour the bed of the river,

/. and preferving it to a certain depth. Company to make fluices. See. and; to repair and cleanfe the docks. All erections, &c. made, to be veiled i in the company. Rates to be paid lor Ihips entering the bafons, docks, or cuts according to re g liter tonnage. Firft clafs. For every Ihip or?

' vdfel, including colliers trading coaftwife between the port of London ; and any port in Great Britain, Orkney, Shetland or the weftern illands of Scotland per ton, one Ihilling. Second clafe. To or from Ireland, the

j. l l 4	I	fie

Digitized

by 

885

Public Local and Perfonal A<fls *DSoo

Hie of Man, Guernfey, Jcrfey, the coaft of France, from Uwint to ; Dunkirk, the coaft: of Flanders, Holland, Germany, and Denmark from \ Dunkirk, to below Elfineur to the North Cape, per ton, one Hulling and \ three pence. Third chfs. To or from Ellineur, and to and from ill * ports and places whatsoever in the Baltick, Archangel, Onega, and aO \ port? and places to the eaftward of the North Ope, per ton, one fhillinp ' and lixpencc. Fourth clafs. To or from France, to the l'outliward of J Ufhant, the coaits of Spain and Portugal, to the northward of Cape Saint Vincent's, Newfoundland, Madeira, theCanarie?. the Azores, per ton, one (hilling and nine pence. Fifth clafs. To or frQtn all ports or places in Europe, to the fouthward of Cape Saint Vincent’s, all ports and places within the Mediterranean, Africa, North America, South Amnio,

\ the Southern Whale Filhery, Hudion’s Ray, per ton, two (hillings. Sixth ■, clafs. To or from all po:ts or places in the Eaft Indies. China, Perfii,

; and to and from all other ports or places whatfoever nut he em beforc : named, per ton, two (hillings and hxpence. Alfo, for every article of

*	merchandize, whether fubjett to any duty ofeuftoms or not, and which \ (ball be landed or (hipped, within the dock premifcs, there (trail be col.

' lotted and paid a rate or duty, not exceeding the rate or charge hereto*

, fore ufually paid in the port of London, for landing, loading, houling,

and (hipping every fucli article, during the year one thoufand (even hun*

; dred and ninety-eight. Lighters and craft entering the docks, ir. to difeharge or receive ball aft or goods to or from on board any (hip exempted ' from rates. Manner of recovering rates. To al'certain the toting of \\ {hips. Collettors, &c. to have accefs to regitters of (hips at the cuSoia*

1 houfe. Power to meafure, Ac. ihips and veflcls. Cultorn-houfe offi.ro \ not to difeharge any ve(fel before duties paid. Mailers of velTelsto rro*

! duce certificates of fuch payment, Which the receivers of the dii»i«

‘i muft give. Ships laden with tobacco (rice not the produce of the Eaft

•	or Weft Indies), wine or brandy not imported from the Eaft or Weft j Indies, to unload their cargoes at the docks. Vellels not having oo

board more than twenty pipes of wine or brandy or fifty bant Is ot sice,

: not compellable to go into the docks. VcilHs ir.ay unload fruit ?.t :ny | other place, previous to entering the docks- If at any time (hips laden as above cannot be admitted into the docks, the conimiffoncrsof Lhe cuftoms may authorife the cargoes of thofe Ihips to be landed at other legal quays. Vi ffi Is delivering part of their cargoes at the docks, cr on , the quays, or other landing places in the ifle of Dogs, and part at the docks, Arc. diretted by this att, to pay a rateable pm of the duties uo* .? der the former and this att. All atts prohibiting the entrmcc of (hip into wet docks in the river Thrums, repealed. Goods, &c. landed or \ {hipped upon or from the docks, fubjett to the fame reguln:ons asthe ; prelent legal quays. Directors empowered to appoint clerks, treifurro, r and Other officers, taking fecurity and allowing them friaries. DirccUri ’ to make regulations fjir clerks and officers, and may repeal, alter and 1 amend the fime. Rules fubjett to the controul of the company. Penalty on breaking or extinguiftnng lamps. Direttors to appoint a dock msfter. For regulating the moor.ngs ot (hips and vdfcls. Regulations as ro - lighters anchcraft. For keep ng the e.isrmce to the docks clear. Vrfds not to land goods in the docks. Ac. at other pic es thr,n quays and lend-■ ing places. Co-ubuftible matter to be removed within twelve hours; in ^cafe it cannot be removed within that time, the proprietors ther^ta . maintain watchmen. For Tenuring the batons, Sec. Removal of wnAi, See, To prevent ntiifauces in ihe bafon and docks. See, Timber not to i remain in the dock more than forty-eight hours. Pcifiltv againlt ddftoy-j ing ropts of vellcls not exceeding twenty pounds. Regulations forpre* 1 venting accidents bv fire. Bdi to be rung to put out lights, &c, No j coin'uiftible matter to he melted on board any v<(LI within the dock, i:. t Vdfcls may lie to unload within the foci: for lix weeks, and two wcib ' more upon piyment of one tarthing per ton, am; for every further week one haltp. nny per ton. Power for dock mnftcr to order out light villas, &c. Owners of vdfcls anlwcrabfc for damages done by their own tar.

viols

’ i!

ri

fa

it

r/

bi

rr

0

r

t;

ir

P

11

a

r

s

f

1 \

! i <

:





1800.]	-	39	&	40	Geo.	III.	c.	47*.

vants or others. * Milters and owners anfwerable for damages. Perfons fcttiug fire to or damaging the works or veffels in the batons, guilty of felony, without benefit of clergy. Company may purchafe lands on the north fide of Ratclilfe Highway, for roads. Power to lay materials for building ok the adjoining premilcs. fatisfying the owners. Company may make bricks of any dimenlions. To grant licences for building on parts of the flreets, Scc. Monies arifing by leafes, fdes or licences, to he appropriated to the purpofes of this art. Compensation to be made for the tythes of the lands, &c. to be taken for the purpofes of this art. For making compensation to the'zniniiters of certain parilhes for Io(s of fur-plice 1'ecs; and for tythes of premifes on the fouth fide of Ratclilfe Highway. Compenfation to be made by the company for deficiencies of aflclfnicnts for land tax; and paving, cleanling, lighting, watching and poor’s rates. For farisfartion tor pavement in Saint Paul’s Shad well and Saint George's parilhes. Compensation to be made for deficiencies of fewer rates. Compenfation to be made to the owners. See. of, and perfons employed on any quays or wharfs or other tenements, which may be rendered lefs valuable, by rtafon of the intended works, and to the governors of Chrift's Hofp'tal, f if nccelfary) on account of Car-rooms. Commilfioners of the treafury to purchafe the legal quays, Sec. between Lonuon bridge and the Tower ol London. Com mi Hi oners of cornpen-fation under the ifle of Dogs art, to be the coinmiffioners for the like purpofes under this art. In cafe the river tolls to be levied under the ifle of Dogs art, for making compenfacion, fhnll he fiufficient for the purpofes of both arts, no addition d river toll to be levied. If any further fum fhould be deemed nectlTry for compensation, an additional toll or duty to be levied under the warrant of the lords of the treafury. All tolls or duties to be railed by this act for compenfation to be paid to his Majefty. No claims to be made for Inch I a ft- mentioned compenfitions until three years after notice of the docks, See. being ready for ufe $ and all fuel! claims arc to be made and entered in a book within one year after the expiration of the faid term of throe years, or otherwife to be barred. Claimants may recover compenfation money from perfons who (hall have wrongfully received the lame. To repeal tho^ chillies in an art of the * thirty-irnth of his Majefty, which direct lord Gwydir, on receiving a ! comp, n fat ion, to liirrender the mooring chains to his Majetty I and which * dirtCt compenfation to be made to the laid lord Gwydir and Ids Majefty. 1 Directing lord Gwydir and all other perfons entitled to the mooring chains between London bridge and Rugby’s hole, to allign and furrender " to his Maiefty, and th (t compt illation ihould be made for fuch afiign- * ment. Directing that after alignment or Ihucnder by lord Gwydir, all . rents, dues and other payments in refpert of the mooring chains Ihould ceaie, fubjert to the regulations contained in the .art of the thirty-ninth of his pivlent Majefty. Directing piyment to lord Gwyuir, within feven months, or before the end ot one month after the expiration of the prolonged time therein-mentioned out of the confolidated fund. Directing compensation to his ivl-tjcity out of the confolidated fund for the relmquilhment of rent. Sec. For payment of coifs to parties and to the arbitrators or umpire. Directing repayment to the confolidated fund for films to be advanced. Appointing arbitrators to afeertain the value of the mooring chains. Directing that the lord mayor, aldermen and commons of tne city of London, after the afiignment or furrender of the mooring chairrs, Hull have and excroife the Icveral powers by the art of thirty-ninth of George the Third, given them for repairing, Sec. of the mooring chains, and that nothing in this art Hull abridge the power of the lord mayor to appoint harbour mailers. Dirertmg the deputy remembrancer of the exchequer to invert the money in navy, victualling or exchequer bills. Clerk of the company to keep accounts of receipts and ; difburtemtnls. The dock company’s works to be executed as loon as ,

. polfinle, and a ftatement of the progrels thereof to be laid before parlia* -\ irunt yearly. Directors to lay an account before parliament yearly, t * Nothing in this art contained is to prejudice any rtmedy againft the f

■ furetita of officers. For faving the rignts of the Trinity Houfe, Rights

! '



Public Local and Perfonal Ads [1800.

of his Majefty and the corporation of London not to be prejudiced. Lord mayor empowered, as confervator of the river Thames, to puniih offences agaiuft this ad, or anv byelaws to be made as aforefeid. Tdc rights or privileges of the Welt India doc£ company and the lord of tbf

. manor of Stepney not, to,be prejudiced. <. Recovery and application of | penalties/ All fiiTes above fbrty fhitlfngs to go to the company for the injuries fuflained $ and all of and under forty fhillings to be divided. One third to the merchant Teamen's office j one third to Teamen’9 and lighter-men’s families difabled in the docks; one third to old worn out dot* s fei vajit£*. Penalties may be mitigated. Form of convidion. Parties aggrieved may appeal. Expences of the act to be paid out of fubferiptioo 1 money. Proceedings not to he vacated for want of form only. Tdc 1 treafurcr of the company may be made the nominal plaintiff or default \ in adtiens and fuits to be brought by or againft the company. LimiUtioa \ of actions. General blue. Treble colts. Publick ad.

Cap. 49.

An aft for forming, paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwife improving and keeping in repair, the ftreets, fquares, and other publick paffages and places, which are and Hull be made upon certain pieces or plots of ground, in the parifh of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middiefcx, belonging to the molt noble Francis duke of Bedford.— [June ao, 1800.]

WHEREAS the moll noble Francis duke of Bedford is feifed of or intitled to the pieces or plots of ground fituate in the parifh of Saint Pancras in the county of Middlefex herein-aftcr mentioned; (that is to fay), All thofc feveral pieces or plots of ground abutting upon lands of lord Southampton in part, and upon land of the worftnptul the company of Skinners in other part, towards the fouth; upon the eftate of the laid company of Skinners in part, and upon the eftate of the governors and guardians of the Foundling nofpital, towards the eaft, upon the eftate of the faid duke of Pa -’ford, in the parifhes of Saint George Biooaibury and Saint Oilc6 in the Fie./s, or one of them, towards the fouth; and upon the yards, gardens, and buildings behind the houfes formingfuch part of the eaft tides of Gower ftreet and Upper Gower ftrect as belong to the faid duke of Bedford in part; upon other yards, gardens. ?u3 buddings beh nd the houfes forming the remainder of the eaft fide of the faid ftreet called Upper Gower ftreet, belonging to lord Southampton, in other part; and up an the eftate now or late belonging to Hans tV;n:rop Mortimer efquire, m other parts, towards the weft; and alfu all tbol* two pieces or plots of ground abutting c.pon the road leading toPancns, called Fig lane, towards the north ; upon the piece of ground hereafter described, in part; upon the eftate of the worftiiuful company of Brewen, in other p »rt, and upon land of lord Somers in other part, towards the eaft ; upon land of the faid lord Somers in part, and upon land of lord Southampton in other part, towards the fouth; and upon the roadfod-ing from Hampftead to Tottenham Court road towards the weft; alfo all that piece or plot of ground abutting upon Fig lane aforenid to-wards the north ; upon the road leading from Gray’s Inn lane to High-gate towards the eaft, and upon land of the Brewers company toward the fouth and weft: and whereas it is intended to make feveral ftrtdJ, fquares, and other publick paft'ages and places on the laid pieces or pb:i or ground: and whereas it would contribute to the benefit and fikty of nil perfons who {hall be inhabitants of the faid intended ftreets, fquares, paflagcs, and places, and to all perfons who fhall have occafion to juft along the fame, if provifion was made for forming, paving, repiinag, and keeping in repair fuch intended ftreets, fquares, pillages and placet; and alfo for cleanfing, lighting, watching, and watering the fame; jed for removing and preventing nuifances, annoyances, and encroachments therein. Certain perfons to be commiffioners for five Years. On the twenty-fourth day of June one thouland eight hundred and five and afterward*



889

; a

, ,j

■ ■ r.r

- i

. 5

. r I

. 3

w-n

1*

.3

:>J5



- - j

- ;<

„ J

. ft ;

v

1800.]	39	&	40 Geo. III. c. 50*.

wards annually the inhabitants to ele# twenty, one perfona to be com-piiffioners. Cemrrufiioners for five years to a#, after that time, if there lhall not be a fufficient number of qualified inhabitants. How comtnif-fioners are to be appoint d on vacancies between general elections. Meeting of commiflioners. Special meetings may be held. Proceedings of commil-fioners to be entered in a book. Officers to be appointed to give fecurity. Trcafurcr and collector to account. Commiliioncrs to pave and repair ftreets, &c. The area of the Iquares to be made under the direction of f the duke of Bedford. Commiftioners may purchafe or hire ground for getting mitvii?.ls and for building watch Uouics ; and erect watch box^s; and may purchafe or hire carriages, Arc. Pavement vtfte-i in commif-fioners. Lamps to be fet tip, and ftreets, Sec. named, and houfes numbered. Streets to be watered. Commiflioners may contra# for performing works. Commiflioners may employ furveyors, and fue and compound for breach of contracts. Commiflioners annually to make out account of receipts and diiburfements. Houfcholdtr making complaint of defective pavement or lighting lurveyor to view it, and if btietfive to give notice to contractor. For preventing encroachments. Penalties on occaf oning nuifances. Hoards may be erected. Penalty on leaving carriages, vv.\ in the ftreets. Dirt not to be fwept into any common fewer or within ten feet of any grate and three feet from the channel. Scavengers only to carry away dirt, allies, Sec. Regulation ns to night foil. Scavengers duty, inhabitants exempted from the office of fcavenger and from hanging out lights. Regulations for repairing water pipes. Pavement taken up for repairing water pipes to be relayed at-the owner’s expence. Ihiviors and turncocks to give notice of their abode to lurveyors. Commiflioners of fewers to repair drains, See. under their dire<5tion, and owners of pipes to pay the expmees of repairing them, Sec. Watchmen to be appointed. Rates to be hid on houfes, &c. For paving, repairing, cleaniing, and lighting the ftreets, Sec. two (hillings in t ie pound. For forming, making, incloiing, ornamenting r.nd embcJliihing the centres, areas, or middle fpaces ot the fejuares, one (hilling in the pound. For watching the ftreets, &c. lixptnee in the pound. For watering the ftreets, Sec. fix pence in the pound. How the yearly value ot houfes is to be aft ert ’ined. Empty noufes to be charged with bait rates. Publick buildings to be rated according to tlie number of fquare yards of paving belonging thereto. Rates of houfes let to am (Tutors to be paiu by landlords. Leflees, Sec. fube# to rates of houfes let to lodgers. Houfes putly within and partly without the limits of this a# how to be rated. Arrears of r.dea how to be recovered. Commilftoners may bring adlio is for rates. Poor r.,tes may be infpeFted. Rate books to be admitted evidence. For reimbursing the duke of Bedford money he /hall Hy out in forming, incloiing, railing in, making, ornamenting and embeililhing the intended fquares, with intereft. Rdes on the houfes encompalling the new l'quares not to take place until the Fine are tiled in anil paved in front. Com.niftioners may make allowances to fuch ptrfons as may have paved at their own expence. Commillioners may borrow money on mortgage or by annuities. Money borrowed r.ot to exceed fifty thouHnd pounds. Creditors to be paid by ballot Inhabitants may give evidence. Commillioners to fue or be furd in the name of tiicir treafurer or clerk. To enable the duke of Bedford to pi are w dis, pales, Sec. at the end of any llreet adjoining the eftates of the Skinners comp ny an ; Hans Wintrop Mortimer cfquire. Appeal. Rates or proceedings not to be quaflied for want of form, or removed by Certiorari. Plaintiff /hall not recover after tender of Jufficient amends. Di/treis not unlawful for want of form. Limitation or actions. Treble cofts. Publiek a#.

Cap. 50.

An a# for enclofing and em belli thing the centre or area of a certain fqiirre, intended to be called Ruflel Square, ptirpofed to be made in the p.irifli of Saint George bloorri/bnry, in the county of Middltfcx, and for forming and making the fame into a plcafure ground, and for con. tinning. and keeping the fame in repair. — [June ao, 1800. J

.	WHEREAS





Public Local and Perfonal A£ls [1800.

WHER E AS a fquare, intended to be called Ruffe! Square, is pur-pofed to be made on a certain piece or plot of ground, belonging to the moil noble Francis duke of Bedford, fituate in the parilh of Saint George Bloomlbury, :n the county of Middlefcx, on the eaft fide of which hoiills of confiderahle value have already been erefted, and on the other Tides thereof are intended to be erected: and whereas it would be much to the benefit and advantage of the owners and occupiers of the 1. houfes ertHed and to bt* erected in the laid intended fquare, if the centre or area of the lame was inclofed and railed in with iron rails, and if foch inclofure or incloled part was planted and laid out with walks, and properly ornamented and Imbcllifhed, and made into a pleafure ground; and if provifion w.is made lor railing money to defray the rxpencc of forming, incloling, making, planting, ornamenting and embellilhing mch inclolure cr pleafure giound, and of continuing and keeping the fame in repair* Certain perfons appointed commilfioners for live years, and attcr-wards the inhabitants to be comroiilionrfs. Meeting of corntnifliomrs, Women may vote by proxy. Comrailfioners may appoint officers. Pro-ceedings to be entered in a book, and deemed evidence. Po*er to (tt out pleafure ground, &c. The inheritance of the pleafure ground not to be altered. Materials, &c. veiled in truftces. To prevent annoyances, CommilTioners may contrail for making pleafure ground. Commiflioncr§ may compound tor penalties. The duke of Bedford and the occupier!of houfes to h »ve the exclufive ufe of the inclofure. Rates, kc. for the feveral purpofes of this aft to be one Aiilling in the pound. Emoty houfes J to be charged with half rates. Rates of ambaffadois houfes to be paid by i the owners. Exemption of the houfes of lord Loughborough and firveral *1 other proprietors, from payment of rates for forming the fquare. Landlords, &rc. fubielt to the payment of rates of houfes let to lodgers, 4c. Commencement of rates. Until houfes fhall be erefted and become rateable, the duke of Bedford lhall pay the amount of the rates. Commif. fioners may borrow four thoufand pounds on mortgage or by annuities. Securities to be entered in a book. Treafurers and coiIeftors to account. Recovery and application of penalties. Rate books to be admitted evidence. Dlftrels not to be deemed unlawful for want of fcrin. Proceedings not to be qu.tlhcd for want of form or removed by Certiorari. Appd. Limitation of allions. General illue. Treble cofts. Fublickaft.

\ Cap.

An all for enabling the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Leiceftcr navigation to Melton Mowbray, ip the county of Leiceiier, to complete their navigation, and to difeharge the debts contra&d rv t them in the making thereof; and for amending the aft, palled id list ‘ -thirty-firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making and maintaining the faid navigation. — [June ao, 1800.]'

Former all recited. Company empowered to raife the further fum of ten thoufand pounds by new fuolcribers or mortgige. Additional rates of tonnage. For all coals carried from the Leiceflter navigation to Eye-Kettleby, Syfonbv, or Melton Mowhtay, and which lhall not be earned fo far as the fifth lock on the Oakham canal, one (hilling per ton. For all coals carried from the Leicefter navigation to the fifth lock on,the Oakham canal, fixpence per ton. For all coals carried upon any pm of the (aid navigation, and which lhall not be carried fo far as Eyc-Krtilrhy, Syfonby, or Melton Mowbray, one penny per ton, per mile, for all iron, timber, and other goods carried from the Leicefter navigation to . Eye-Kettleby, Syfonby, or Melton Mowbray, and which lhall not be carried lb far as the fifth lock on the Oakham canal, one (hilling and fix-pence per ton. For all iron, timber, and other goods carried from the Oakham canal, Melton Mowbray, Syfonby or Eye-Kettleby to the Lei-cefter navigation, one Drilling and fixpence per ton. For all iron, hmher, and other goods carried more than five miles upon the navigation, and (hall be afterwards carried to the fifth lock on the Oakham canal, nine

pw*



89

1800.]	39 & 40 Geo. III. c. 56, 57*.

pence per ton. For all iron, timber, and other goods carried upon any

Eirt of the navigation, and which (hall not he carried fo far as from the eicefter navigat-on to Eye -Kettleby, Syfonby, or Melton Mowbray, or (hall not be carried lo far as from the Oakham canal, Melton Mowbray, Syfonby, or Eye-Kettleby to the Leicefter navigation, one penny halfpenny

Eer ton, per mile. For all lime, limcftone, and Hones, to be ufed for uilding, and materials for paving and repairing roads, half the rates taken on coals. No additional tonnage on goods which ihall pafs out of the Oakham canal, and fhall be carried no further upon the Melton Mowbray navigation, than into the pubhek baton at the termination thereof at Melton Mowbray, nor on any timber, (tone, lime, or other materials navigated on the Melton Mowbray navigation, and afterwards ufed in making or repairing the Oakham canal. For reducing the additional tonnage in the proportion which the Oakham company il.all reduce theirs. Five of the committee (hall he competent to ad, Conveyances to be inrolled. Application of compenlation money for lands, &c. Pub-lick ad.

Cap. 56.

An ad to enable the company of proprietors of the Oakham canal to raife money tor completing the faid canal j and alio for altering and amending an ad, palTed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for making the faid canal. [June ao, 1800.J

Former ad recited. Power to raife a further fum of money. Power to create new (hares or borrow money on bonds and promifibry notes. Compelling perfonts to make good their engagements. Mode of creating new (hares. No more than eighty-fix thouiaud pounds to be raifed by virtue of the recited and this ad. Power to make calls. Company may compound for the‘arrears of calls. Company authorifed to (ell forfeited (hares. Additional rates of tonnage. For all coals carried upon the navigation, one penny halfpenny per ton, per mile, without being landed or unloaded, but (hall in no cafe exceed one (hilling and fix pence per ton.

For all iron, timber, coaks, and other goods, carried on the navigation, two pence per ton, per mile, without being landed or unloaded, but ihall in no cafe exceed two (hillings per ton. For all lime, limcftone, (tones, and bricks ufed for building, and materials for paving and repairing roads, half the rates to be taken on coals. For reducing the additional tonnage	*

on merchandize in the proportion the Melton Mowbray company reduce theirs. For obtaining an additional lupply of water from Langhara brook in certain cafes. Company not to take any water from Langham brook, in certain cafes. Compenlation to be made for damages by lofs of water.

For obtaining an additional (upply of water from Saxby brook in certain cafes. Comp my not to take any water from Saxby brook in certain cafes. Compensation to be made for damage by lofs or water. General aflemblies to be yearly held on the firft Thuiiday in April and Odober.

To prevent waitc of water. Penalty on unauthorifed perfons ufing towing paths, or opening locks, wafting water, &c. Application of the money arifing from the Tale of fettled eftates. Altering time limited for completing the navigation. Publick ad.

Cap. 57.

An ad for better enabling the company of proprietors of the Lancafter • canal navigation to complete the larne. — [June 20, i8co.]

Former ads recited. Power to raife two hundred thoufand pounds by creating new thares. Difpofition of new (hares. Money lent to the company may be deducled. Money owing for lands may be deduded.

Publick ad.

Cap.

 Goode

Public Local and Perfonal Ads [1800. Cap. 60.

An aft for cftablifliing and well governing the charitable inftitution commonly called The Aflylum, or Hout'e of Refuge for the Reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whofe Parents cannot be found, and for incorporating the fubfcribets thereto; and for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and ufehil deiigra, — [June ao, iSco ]

WHEREAS in the year ons thou fan d feven hundred and fifty-eight a charitable focifty was entered into by fevcral noblemen, gentlemen, and others, for t-ftxblilhing an afylum or houfefor the reception, maintenance, education, and employment of friendlcfs and deferted orphan girls, the fcttlerr.ents of whole parents could not be found, and the fame hath been from that time carried on in an houfe and prcir.ife*provided for the purpofe, fituatc in the parifh ot Saint Muy Lambeth, is the county of Surrey, and the Lid charity hath been fupporLd by the voluntary fubfci ipcions and donations of charitable and wdl difpjfc.I per. Tons, and a *cry great number of inch orphan girls have been received into and maintained and educated thereby, and at proper ages apprenticed therefrom, and fuch orphan girls have not only oeen ffieltertd and pro-tefted from vice and want, but carefully infrrufted in the principles of religion, and in reading, writing, needlework, and boufciiold Dufioefe, and trained to habits of inriuftry, and regularity, whereby the pubhehath been and continues to be provided with a fupply of diligent and fober female domeftic l’ervants: and whereas experience hath ihevvn that the Lid charity hath been iiitherto of conlider.ible ufe and an advantage to the public, and it is apprehended that it countenanced and iupported by the laws of this realm, and dtabliihed upon a permanent footing and vetted with powers for better enabling,the fubferibers thereto to carry into execution their charitable and ufeful deligns, the Lid charity would be of much more extenfive ufe, and of full greater benefit and advantage to the public, as being a means (by an increase from time to time of the funds of the faid charity) of adding to the number of objects to be received therein, and to derive benefit therefrom. Certain perfon* incorporated by the name of “ The Prcfident, Vice Prelidents, Treaiiircr, and Guardians of the Afylum, for the reception of Orphan Girls, the Settlements of whofe Parents cannot be found”. Power to bind apprentices. A general court to be held quarterly. Trenfurcr and committee chofen every year. General courts to tranf.ift all hufinefs, Sic. and may delegate powers to committee, and make bye laws, and to revoke or alter them. No bye law binding, unlefs confirmed by a general court. Perfons in whole names monies are inverted, Sic to transfer and allign the fame to the corporation. Power for treafurer with the confent of committee to inveft ; except fuch as the exigencies of the corporation ftiali requite in any of the pu dick funds. Dividends, See. to be applied for the purpoics of this aft. Eleftion of a president, vice prefident or treafurer, in the room of fuch as fliall die or relign. All queftions to be decide! by vet:. •General court to fill up vacancies in the committee, and appoint officers, and allow Llaries. Committee to appoint matron, fchool miltrclfis,and menial fervants. Committee may fufpend or remove officer*, &c. and appoint others until a general court be held. Officers to account. No chaplain, Sec. to officiate, See. unlefs he be of the Church ot England, and ordained a prieft, and duly licejifcd. Ti ealurer to account to the con. mittee,orat a general court. Pcrlons admitted into the afylum, notto gain a fettlemrnt thereby. Perlbna making f.dic certificates. Sic. to be committed, See. Limitation of aftions. General blue. Treble colls. Pub-lick aft.

Cap. 89.

An aft to empower the governor and company of the bank of England, to purchafe certain houfes and ground, contiguous to tbebink oftng-land, and to enable them to improve certain avenues adjacent thereto, [June 30, 1800.J

The

 <^.ooQle

&93

!

a

Mf

*J5

It

;

rr«l

-,A

i



i

!

t

t , i

. i

l

1800.]	39	& 40 Geo. III. c. 102,104*.

The bank empowered to purchafe houfes, &c. in Princes ftreet, Lothbufy, Bartholomew lane, Drapers’ court, and Threadneedle ftreet. Materials of houfes vefted in the bank. Power to bodies politick, corporate, &c. to agree for the fale of houfes, lands, &c. Proceedings of the court of mayor and aldermen to be entered in a book, and deemed records. Upon payment of the purchafe money, lands, &c. vefted in the governor and company of the bank of England. Application of compenfation money. For reinvefting purchafe monies by perfons not incapacitated. Allowing the bank to give land to the Grocer’s company in part of payment. Con-veyances, &c. to be approved by attorney, or fclicitor general. Bargains and fales inrolled in the huttings of the city, to be as effedual as fines and recoveries. Claims to be made and profecuted within five years, or right barred. But may recover againlt the perfons receiving the purchafe money. Tenants at will to deliver pofleflicn on tender of rent. Ldlees to deliver poil'effion on March 25, i8ot, on fatisfadion being made. In cafe of refufal, Iheriffs to deliver pofteflion. Mortgagees on payment of principal and interelt to convey. Upon payment of mortgage money into the bank, right in premiles to veft in the governor and company. Arter tender of monies in cafe of refufal, to accept the fame, premifes may be pulled down. Fifty pounds a year to be paid to the redor of the united parities of Saint Chriftopher le Stocks, and Saint Margaret, Lothbury, in lieu of furplicc fees. Kecompenfe to be made for tytbes, &c. Proportion of the feveral taxes payable for the ground, houlcs. See. vefted in the hank, to be for ever paid by the bank. Bank to be charged with a proportion of all other taxes, which may be hereafter impofed by parliament. Power to-take up and alter pavements, &c. in Princes ftreet, Lothbury, Draper's court, Bartholemcw lane, and Threadneedle ftreet. For preventing annoyances in Princes ftreet, and Lothbury. Offices of the bank exceed the dimenlions mentioned in ad 14 Geo. 3. c. 78. and the bank allowed to continue their offices, and build others freed from the regulations of the laid ad. Committee may be appointed to carry this ad into execution. Limitation of actions. General llfue. Treble colts. Publick ad.

Cap. 102.

An ad to enable fir George Pigot, baronet, Margaret Fifrier, and Frances Pigot, to difpofe of a certain diamond therein mentioned, by a lottery. EJuly a, lfcco.J

Eleven thoufand, four hundred and twenty-eight tickets, at two guineas

each.

Cap. X04.

An ad to explain, amend, and render more effedual an ad, pafled in the third year of the reign of King James the Firft, intituled. An ad for the recovering of fmall debts, and for the relieving of poor debtors in London ; and an ait, palled in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, to explain and amend the above-mentioned ad; and likewife for extending the powers of the court of requefts in the city of London, in and by the laid two feveral ads continued and fcltablilhed,—[July 9, 1800.]

WHEREAS an ad of parliament was pafled in the tl;ird year of the reign of his late majefty King James the Firft, intituled, A11 ad for the recovering of fmall debts, and for the relieving of poor debtors in London: and whereas an ad of parliament was palled in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An ad to explain and amend an ad, made in the third year of the reign of King James the Firft, intituled, “An ad for the recovering of fmall debts, and for the relieving of poor debtors in London ;99 which laid ads have been found ufeful and beneficial, but the fame are in fome refpeds deft&iYc and infufficient fully to anfvver the good purpolcs thereby intended :





S94	Public	Lqcal	and	Perfonal	Afts	-	[180O1

tended: and whereas if the number of the comjniffioners of the court of requests in the city of London were limited and ateuincd i* hewn-after mentioned; ^and if the powers of the find court under the two recited adts of parliament were extended to the recovery of debts not a-ceeding live pounds, it would be attended with beneficial effefts to the publick : and whereas it ‘would greatly alleviate the diftreffes of tb« noneft and unfortunate debtor, if the faid court was enabled to order k payment of debts, for which judgement lhall be given, by inftalmeots ; at (fated periods, which may be poflible for the debtor to pay, though it i may be absolutely impoffible for him or her to latisfy the whole debt in one futn : and whereas doubts have arifen whether perfons refiding wrthia the city of London, or the liberties thereof, and indebted toperfonswt redding within the fame city or liberties, are fubjetf to the jurifdiclion of the laid court; and whether rent due from lodgers and others, wap due to workmen or fervants, or the quarterage due and payable by the feveral members of the publick companies of the faid city, were recoverable in the faid court; and alfo whether attornies and folicitors, and other officers of any of the courts of law or equity, are fubjed to tie procefies of the faid court: and whereas it would he attended with very beneficial effects to the publick, if all debts, whether upon fimple contract or otherwife, not exceeding the lum of five pounds, (except fuch debts whereto it is herein-after exprefsly declared that this act lhall not extend), were recoverable in the lkid court: may it thereforeplcafc your Maje/ty that it m;iy be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kings moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content ot the lords fpiritud and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembkd, and by the authoiity of the fame, That fo much and fuch parts of the faid two recited acts of the third year of King James the Firft, and the fourteci.ta year of King George the Second, as confine or rtftrain the cognizance or jurifdidtion of the court of requefts of the city of London to debts not exceeding the fum of forty (hillings, (hall (from and after the thirtieth day of September one thoufand eight hundred) be, and the fame ire hereby repealed.

II. And, for the due and regular appointing, and for limiting and if-cerraining the number of the c o nun i Hi oners of the faid court ot requefti, be it further enaCied, That two aldermen of the city of London, together with not lefs than twenty inhabitant ho nil'holders of the refpective wards or diftridts herein-after mentioned (including the common council men for the time being of the faid refpe&ive wards or diftrifls) (hall be nominated and appointed in fuch manner as hath been berctofcre a:-cuftomed to be commiflioners of, and to (it as ufual in the faid court, tor one calendar month, in the rotation following; (that is to lay),

In the prefenr ( For the month )

year 1800. (

1801.

1803,

of CVtober j November December January February MJ.rch April May June July

Auguft

September

October

November

December

January

of the ward of Cheap.

Bread ftrect. CandlcwicL JDowgate.

Bridge.

Walbrook. Bailifhaw. Cordwaincr. Coleman ftreet. Farringdon within, f Crippkgate within I ajiu without. Tower.

(Aldgate and Lime I ftrect. -

\ aod^fthout. Broadftrrct.

Bilimfgifg.

Fdmry

 



■ /..3

.d

j:

"t

. s

„ .<** -;.I*

7»

;»5

y *

;,■}



»♦'! > i

V i

*

v

1809.]	39	&	40	Geo.	III.	c.	104*.

In the Year < 1802.1	(For the month > ( of February )	of the Ward of Comhill.*
—	- March	( Alderfgate within ( and without.
. 			- April	- - Queenhith.
			- May	- - Cattle Baynard.
	.	June	- - Farringdon without.
	- Ju'y.  Auguft	- - Portfoken.  - « Vintry.  * - Langbourn.
—	- September	

And that fuch commiflioners (hall, from time to time hereafter, continue to be nominated and appointed from each of the (aid wards or diftrifts, in the fame rotation, for one calendar month in tvery fucceeding two years, and that they the faid commiilioners, fo to be from time to time appointed, or any three or more of them, (hall and may, from time to time, have full power and authority to hear, examine, and determine all blatters in controverfy coming before them, between party and party, where the debt (hall not exceed the fura of forty (hillings; and that the faid commiflioners fo to be from time to time appointed, or any feven or more of them, fhall and may, from time to time, have full power and authority to hear, examine, and determine all matters in controverfy coming before them, between party and party, where (he debt Ihall not exceed the fum of five pounds.

HI. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if at any court or fitting of the faid commiflioners a fufficient number of them Ihall not be prefent, it (hall be lawful for fuch commiilioners as are in attendance to call to their afliftance any other cooimifiioner or commiffioners, who is, are, or Ihall be duly qualified and authorifed to aft in the faid court for any other month ; and in every fuch cafe it (hall be lawful for fuch afliftant commiflioner or commiilioners to aft in the execution of the powers and authorities given by this prefent aft, or by either of the afts of parliament herein-before mentioned, in the fame manner as the com-millioners for the then current month are authorifed and empowered to aft ; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wile not-withftanding.

IV.. And be it further enafted, That the faid coramiffioners to be appointed as afore faid, or any of them, (hall not be capable of afting as commiilioners or commiflioner jn the execution of any of the powers and authorities given by this prefent aft, or by either of the before-mentioned afts of the third year of King James the Firtt, and the fourteenth year of King George the Second, after the thirtieth day of September one thoufand eight hundred, (except the power hereby given of adrainiftering oaths to commiilioners), until they and he refpeftivdy (hall have taken an oath to the efieft following; (that is to fay).

r T A. B. do fwear, That I am poflefied, for my own ufe and

X benefit, of ettates or property of the clear amount or value of one thoufand pounds, over and above all incumbrances, and that I will faith-fully, impartially, and honeflly, according to the bell of my (kill and knowledge, execute the feveral powers and trulls repofed in me as a commiflioner of the court of requefts in and for the city of London, conformably to the direftions and ti ue intent and meaning of an aft, palled in the third year of the reign of his late majefty King James the Firft, intituled, An aS for the recovering of fmall debtsy and for the relieving of poor debtors in London; and of two other afts of parliament, parted re-foeftively in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majelty King George the Second, and in the fortieth year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effeftual ihc firft-mentioned aft, or conformably to the direftions and true intent and meaning of fuch or fo much of the fame three afts of parliament, as novr are or is in force, and that without favour or afteftion, prejudice or malice,	So	help	me	GOD.

Vox.. XL1L	M	m	m	Which

895

Public Local and Perfonal A£b [1800

Which oath any two or more of the /aid commiflioners arc hereby empowered and required to adminifter to each other; and they the faid commiflioners (hall and are hereby required (after taking the laid oath) to fign or fubferibe their refpedtive names upon a roll or rolls of parchment to be provided for that purpofe, with the laid oath written or printed thereon; and that fitch roll or rolls Hull be carefully kept among the records of the faid court.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it fhall be lawful for any perfon or1 perfons, .whether rdiding within the city of London or elfewhere, alio bodies politick or corporate, and fraternities or brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, who now lnve or hereafter (hall hive w? fuch debt as is herein-before fpecifled or mentioned, or any other deb; or debts, owing or due to, or claimed or demanded hy fuch perfon if perfons, bodies politick or corporate, and fraternities or brotherhood, whether corporate or not corporate, not exceeding the futa of ic pounds, from any perfon or perfons whomfoever, redding or inhabit::; within the city of London, or the liberties thereof, or keeping any houf:. warehoufe, (hop, flied, (tall, or ftand, or feeking a livelihood, or tradir: or dealing within the fame city or liberties, to caufe firh debtor or debtors, perfon qr perfons, from whom fuch debtor debt; Hull beow':; or due, or claimed or demanded, and foreiident, inhabiting, or keep, ing, any houfe, warehoufe. (hop, (bed, flail, or Hand, or fecking a livelihood, or trading or dealing as aforefaid, to be warned or fummenedby perfonal fervice, or by a printed or written fummons left at the rhvei!::$ houfe, lodgings, or place of abode, w.uvhoufe, fliop, fnd, !h!I, liani, or any other place of dealing of fuch debtor or debtors, or perfon or per-fons as aforefaid, within the jurif iidion of the (aid court, to appear before the commiflioners of the faid court, to be held at or in the.ruildhii! of the Cud city, or at or in fome other place to be provide’, by the lord mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London iV common council aflembled, within the faid city, for holding the faid court; and that after fuch frimmons as aforefaid, the faid commiflioners, or any three or more or tlum, in cafe the debts fliall not exceed the film offoity (R lings, anJ if the fame fhall he above forty (hillings and fhall not exceed the fum office pounds, the (aid comm.iflioneis, or any feven or more ^ them, fhall have full power and authority, by virtue of this ad, from time to time to make or c.iufe to be m,de fuch order or orders, dec;:*, judgements, and proceedings, between fuch party plaintiff or parties plaintiffs, and his, her, or their debtor or debtors, or other perfon of perfons defendant or defendants, touching fuch debts, as they Ihiilid to fl.ind with equity and good conscience; and thereby may order jdJ direct the payment of any fuch debts, to be made either in one fum ora! once, or by inftalments at fitted periods, as they (hall fee ciufe, aci deem juft and rcafonable ; all which order or or krs,decrees, judgextra. and proceedings, lo to be made, fhall he regiflerrd in a book or as they have been accuftomcd to be, end as well the party pliintiJo parties plaintiffs as the debtor or defendant, debtors or defendants, irija fuch order or orders, decrees, judgements, and proceeding* fhall relatively concern, fhall obferve, perform, and keep t ie fame reflectively i? all points; and no fuch orders, decrees, judgements, of proceeding?ihl! be removed or removeabk into any other court by Certiorari or otherr.i; 1 howfoever.	I

VI.	And be ft further enafted, That where anv debt M bedcr, ' -Owing, or demanded from any two or more perfons jointly, by nfaibmr on account of fuch per fans being partners in trade, or oiherwife jokfj

- concerned, the like fervice of any fuch fummons as aforefaid, on mone of fuch two or more partners or perfons Hull be as good anti fufffcieatis if each of them were feparutely fnmmoned as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further rna«ed, That it Hull and may be hvfill to ini for any plaintiff or plaintiffs, defendant or defendants, in any fuit or caufe hereafter depending in the faid court of requefls. to caufe any per,to or perfons to be warned or fummoned, as often as (hall appear ncccffiry,by one of fuch beadles of the faid court as aforefaid, cither by faring fuch

tattoo* '

1

 

i8oo.] 39 Sc 40 Geo. III. c. 104*..

Summons per Tonally, or by leaving the fame at the laft or ufual phee or respective places of abode ot iuch perfon or perfons, to appear as a witnefa 1 or ivitnelies to give- evidence in the Cud court in or concerning any fUch fuit or cuife ; and in cafe any fuqh pci ion or perfons fo to be Summoned to give evidence as afortfaid ihall refufc or neglect to appear at the time and place to which he, the, or they itrail be 1b Summoned, or appearing upon any Such Summons fliall refute to be examined upon oath, or in cafe.

©fa quaker or quakers on Solemn affirmation (which oath or affirmation the Said commilfioners, 01 any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to adminifter), and to give evidence as aforefaid before Such commilfioners, according to the true intent and meaning of this a£ty then and in either of the faid cafes, every fuch perfon fo neglecting or refuting ihrdt forfeit and pay for every fuch offence, not exceeding the Sum of forty (hillings, to be awarded by the faid commilfioners, or any three or more of them, unlefs a reafonable exeufe be ottered to and allowed by. the laid commitfioiicrs ; and if the perfon or perfons fo offending Jftiall not forthwith pay into the faid court the penalty or forfeiture fo impofed upon him, her, or them, it fliall and may be lawful to and for the faid commifnoners, or any three or more of them, to order and caufe fuch. perfon or perfons to be apprehended by any of the beadles of the faid court, and committed to any prifon in the Said city, there to remain for any Space of time not exceeding one calendar month, unlefs fuch penalty or forfeiture fliall be Sooner paid; and every fuch penalty or forfeiture, as laft-mentioned, which (hall be received by virtue of this adt, fliall thereupon (after deducting the reafonable cods and charges of apprehending and taking fuch perfon or perfons fo neglecting or retufing), be paid over 4 into the hands of the churchwardens or overleers of the poor of the pa-rilh wherein the perlon or perfons respectively paying the fame, (ball at the time of his, her, or their negleCt or refufal to appear or give evidence as aforelaid, inhabit, dwell, or feek a livelihood, and (hall be applied towards the Support and maintenance of the poor of the faid paviftu

VIII.	And be it further enaCted, That in cafe any perfon or perfons fliaH make oath, or, being of the people called Quakers, lhall make affirmation, or give evidence, in any caufe depending in the laid court of requefts, whereby he, (he, or they fliall commit any wilful or corrupt perjury, or be guilty of wilful and falfe affirming, and thereof be duly ccnvidted according to law, then every Such perlon or perfons (hall incur and Suffer the like pains ahd penalties as any other perfon or perfons convicted of wilful perjury, according to the la\ys and Statutes of this realm.

IX.	And whereas difficulties frequently arife in the recovery of debts in the faid court of requells, in fuch cafes as are next herein-aftcr mentioned, by reafon of infancy : be it therefore enadted, That in every cafe where a debt not exceeding the fum of five pounds Audi be contra&ed for neceflaries by any perfon under the age of twenty-one years, and refiding or inhabiting, or employed as clerk, bock keeper, journeyman, Shopman, or labourer, or otherwise Seeking a livelihood within the city of London .or the liberties thereof, it fliall be lawful for the perfon or perlons to whom fuch debt lhall be due to Sue for and recover Such debt in the Said court of requefts, in the fame manner as if the ptrlon by whom the fame lhall be contracted were of full age; and that in every cafe where any wages, not exceeding the fum of five pounds, fliall be due to any menial or other Servant under the’age of twenty-one years, it fliall be i.iwful for luch Servant to Sue for and iccover fuch debt in the faid court of requefts in the lame manner as if he or (he were of full age ; and the faid commifi-. lioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby fully author!fed and required, in fuch cafes, to take cognizance of and proceed concerning fuch debts in the fame manner, and fliall have fuch and the fame powers, in regard thereto, as if the plaintiffs and defendants were all of fuU age*

X.	And be it further enaded, That no privilege lhall be allowed to exempt any perfon from the jurisdiction of the laid court of requefts on account of his being an attorney or iolicitor, or any other officer of ajiy of the courts of law or equity at Weftminfter, or of,any other court

m m m %	whatfoever;

 

897

898

Public Local and Pcrfonal Afts [1800

whAtfoevet; but that all attornies, folicitors, and officers, (hall be fubiaft to Jhe feveral proccflcs, ordtrs, judgements, and executions of the laid court of requefts, in the fame manner as any other perfoos arc fubjed to the fame by the faid recited ads and thil ad or any of them,

XL Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this ad, or my thing herein contained, (ball not extend to any debt where any title of freehold or leafe for years of any lands or tenements (lull come in quef-tionror to any debt by fpecialty, which (hall not be for payment of a fun certain, nor to any other debt that (hall arife by reafon of any caufc Concerning teftament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly \ belonging to the ecclefiaftical court, albeit the fame refpe&ivcly (liall not exceed five pounds ; any thing herein contained to the contrary not with* (landing,

XII.	And be it further enafted, That if any action or fuit (hall be commenced in any other court than the faidcourt of requefts, for aov debt not exceeding the fum of five pounds, and recoverable by virtue oftne Cud re. cited adts and of this ad, or any of them, in the laid court of requdb, then and in every fuch cafe the plaintiff or plaintitfs in fuch aftion or fuit (hall not, by reafon of a verdid for him, her, or them, orotherwife have or be entitled to any colts whatfoever; and if the verdid (hill be given for the defendant or defendants in fuch adionor fuit, and the judge or judges before whom the fame (hall be tried or heard, (hill think W to certify that fuch debt ought to have been recovered in the fiidcourt of requefts, then and fo often fuch defendant or defendants dull have double cofts, and (hail have fuch remedy for recovering the fime as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their cofts ia my cates by law.

XIII.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained (hall extend or

be conftrned to extend to prevent or reftrain any perfon or perfocs/rum making diftrefs, or bringing any a<5tion or actions whatfoever for rent,	j

and thereby recovering fuch rent with cofts, although the dune rent fiwuld ' not exceed the fum of five,pounds.	j

XIV.	And, for removing 3ll doubts, whether the ftatute of UmiUtloni I may be pleaded in the faid court of requefts, it is hereby further

and declared, That defenctynts in that court (hall be allowed to plead or claim the benefit of any ftatute ofUmitations now in being, or hereafter to be made ; and every fuch defendant, fo pleading or claiming, frail have and receive fuch and the like advantage and relief thereby as tuefi defendant would have been entitled to in cafe this aft had not been made, and he or (he had been fued for the fame debt, or other caufe of aftioD, in any of his Majefty’s courts at Wcttminfter, or any other court, and had there pleaded fuch ftatute in bar to the aftion or fuit.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That no perfon or perfon* wjiofo-

ever, being a debtor or debtors? defendant or defendant*, and who Cull be committed to any gaol or prifon by order of the laid court of requeft*. ftiali be kept or continued in cuftody on any pretence whatfoever (act?! in the cafes hercin-after otlierwife provided for) for any longer (pace or fpaces of time, from the time of his, her, or their commitment to priion, th ’ii is or are next herein-after limited in that behalf; (that is to tty), Where the debt (exclufive of colts) does not exceed twenty ftillirp, then he, (he, or they, (hall not be kept or continued in cuftody formort	j

than twenty days $ and where the debt (exclufive of coils) doesnotfl.	1

ceed the fum of forty (hillings, then not more than forty days j and wherc	J

the debt (exclufive of cofts) does not exceed the fum of three pounds.	!

then not more than fixty days 5 and where the debt (exclufive of cofti) ! does not exceed five pounds, then not more than one hundred days froa the time of fuch his, her, or their commitment; and all gaolm and keepers of prifons arc hereby directed and required to discharge fuch per. (bos accordingly.

XVI.	And whereas fince the limitation of the time of imprifonment for fmall debts, fome idle and ill*difpofcd perlbns have been in the habit of contracting numerous fmall debts, and upon being proceeded againft in the faid court of requeft in refpedt thereof have fufttred judgement to pifi

Igainft





i8oo.] 39 & 40 Geo. III. c. 104*.

againft them therein, and by fecreting themfelves have avoided being taken into cuffody untii many executions have iflued in the faid court againft them, and then, by lufFering a fhort imprifonment, have exonerated themfelves from all nich debts, and thereby defrauded their feverai creditors ; be it therefore further enafted, That, from and after the paffin^ of this aft, all and every perfon and perfons who fhall be taken in execution, under or by virtue of any procefs iffuing from or out of the faid court of rtquefts, ?.nd who at the time of being taken into cuftody, or during his, her, or their imprifonment (hall have more than one execution againft him, her, or them, in the faid court, he, fhe, or they fhall be imprifoned the limited time for and inrefpeft of each execution; (that is tofay), After the limited time is expired on the firft execution, the imprifonment fhall commence on the fecond execution; and after the limited time is expired onthe fecond execution, the imprifonment fhall commence on the third execution, and fo on until he, fhe, or they fhall have been imprifoned the limited time for and in refpeft of each feparate execution to he blued againft him, her, or them in the faid court, previous to his, her, or their being taken into cuftody, or during his, her, or their imprifonment; any Jaw, flatute, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIi. And whereas an aft of parliament was parted in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for reducing the time for imprifonment of debtors committed to prifon upon pro-fecutions in courts of confcience in London, Middlefex, and the borough of Southwark, to the fame periods in each court, and for abolifhing fees paid by thole debtors to gaolers or others on account of fuch imprifonment: now be it hereby further enafted, That all and every the directions, powers, and provifions contained in the fame aft, concerning the difeharge of imprifoned perfons without payment of fees, the hearing and determination of offences againft the fame laft mentioned aft, the application of penalties and forfeitures thereby inflifted, the limitation of time for exhibiting complaints or informations, and the iffuing of procefs, fhall relate and extend to this prefent aft, and fo far as the fame are applicable to the purpofes of this aft, lhall be obferved, exercifed and performed refpeftively in fuch and the fame manner as if the fame were herein exprefsly mentioned and repeated, and at large re-enafted.

XVIII. And be it further enafted. That no attion or fuit fhall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfnance of this aft, or on account of any order, determination, judgement, or decree of the faid commiilioncrs, until fourteen days notice {hall be given thereof in writing, to be left at the office of the clerks of the faid count, or after fuflkient fati .faftion or tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after three calendar months next after the cauie of aftion ftiall arife, and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftions and fuits, and every of them, may plead the general iflue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial or trials frhich fhall be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff fhall be non fuited, or if a verdift or judgement fhall be giy.cn lor the defendant or defendants therein, then and in either of the laid cafes, fuch defendant or defendants fhall have double cofts, and ftiall hive fuch remedy for recovering the fame as any defendant or defendants may have fofr hit, her, or their cofts in any cafes by law.

XJX. Provided always, That the two firft here in-before recited afts of the third year of King James the Fit#, and the fourteenth year of King George the Second, and all powers, provifoes, claufes, matters, and things therein refpeftively contained, mall, fo far as the fame are not hereby exprefsly repealed, or otherwise provided for, and are not incon-fiftent with any of the proviffons of this prefent aft, continue and be in fall force, and extend to all and every perfon ayd perfons to whom ihig aft doth or ftiall extend.

XX.	And be it further enafted, That the charges and expences attending the obtaining and pafting of this aft (hall he paid and defrayed from and out of the now remaining furplus of monies which have from time to time been paid into the faid corn t of requefts by defendants in that court,

m ,m m 3	and

S99

900	Public	Local and Perfonal Ads, &c. [i3od.

and have not been claimed by the perfons entitled thereto, which furplus lies unemployed in the chamber of the city of London, and is not likdy that any confiderable part thereof will ever be claimed.

XXL Provided neverthelefs, and be it enatfed, That if at any time , hereafter the whole, or any part of the money fo to be applied, {hall be wanted to anfwer any of the cl tims or demands of the fuitors of the faid court, or other perfons entitled thereto, then and in fuch cafe the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the faid city (hall reflore and make good fuch money, or fo much thereof as may be fo wanted, and pay the urn: into the chamber of the faid city, to the intent that fuch fuitors, or other perfons fo entitled, may at all times be paid their refpetf ive demands out of the common and general caih belonging to the fuitois of the (aid court.

XXII. And be It enabled, That this adt fhall commence and talc effcd from and after the thirtieth day of September one thoufanJ eight hnn-dred, and be deemed and taken to be a publick a6tf and fhall be tahn notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfo-jet, without the fame being fpecially pleaded.





AN

AN

ALPHABETICAL INDEX

T O T H E

SECOND PART of the XLIT VOLUME

OF THE

STATUTES at LARGE;

Pafled in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of King George 111. in the Years of our/Lord one thoufond feven hurt-, dred and ninety-nine, and one thoufand eight hundred ; being the fourth Seffionof the eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain, which began the twenty-fourth Day of September one thoufand feven hundred and ninety-nine, and ended by prorogation the twenty-ninth Day of July one thoufand eight hundred. .

*** Thofe references marked thus, Chap. 60*. will be found amongffc the Publick Local and Perfonal A&s, at the End of the Seffion.

A.

Accountants.

See Publick Accountants* Chap. 54.

Accounts, Publick.

2,482/. 16s. for additional clerks in the office for auditing the publick accounts. Chap. 109.

Addrcffcs of the Houfe of Commons.

2.6,203/. 3s. iffued purfuant .to addreffes of the houfe of commons. Chap. 109.

Africa.

20,000/. for forts there. Chap. 109

Agriculture, Board of.

3,000/. for the board of agriculture. Chap, 109.

Aliens.

6,369/. for fuperintcndance of aliens. Chap. 109.

America.

1.	To permit the importation of goods, from countries in America, belonging to any foreign European ftates in neutral fhips until Sept. 29, 1801. Chap.’34.

2.	52>500/. for reduced officers of the Britiffj American forces, and 7,500/. for allowances to them. Chap. 109.

3.	3,575. for the office of the com-

miffioners of Atnmcan awards. Chap. 109.	„

American hoyalifls.

See France. Chap. iog.

Annuities.

Contributors towards railing

M M M 4	20,500,000/.

 

I

902,	Ban

20,500,000/. for every 100?. entitled to jthe principal film of 110I, 3 per cent. confolidatedlmnuities, from Jan. 5, 1800, and a principal of 47/. 3 per cent, reduced annuities* from Qff. 10* 1799. Chap. 22.

appropriation.

To amend fo'much of aft 39 Geo. 3. c. 13. for granting certain duties upon income, as relates to the appropriation of-the faid duties, and of the duties upon goods imported and exported, granted by aft 38 Geo. 3.^16. Chap. it.

Bri

4.	39*675/. *3J- I0</- for intereft

due to the bank of England. Chap.

109.

5.	To empower the governor and company of the bank of £njM J to purchafe houfes and ground 1 contiguous to"the bank of EngLn^ \ and to enable them to improve ' certain avenues adjacent thereto. Chap. 89*.

Barracks.

1.	120,000/. for the barrack depart- » ment. Chap. 109.

2.	359,334/. more. Same aft.

Arfny.

2,500,000/. for extrnordinaries of the army. Chap. 109.

Afylum.

Tor eflablifhmg and well governing the Afybcm^ or houfe of refuge for orphan girls, and for incorporating the fubferibers thereto, and for better enabling them to carry on their charitable and ufeful defigns. Chap. 6q*.

Bavaria, Elector of,

566,688/. ion for troops of the eleflor of Bavaria. Chap. 109.

Beer.

To allow for nine months the ufe of fugar in brewing beer. Chap. 62.

Bermuda.

580/. for the civil eftablifitment of Bermudas, or Somers JJlandu Chap, joo.

B.

Bread.

Bahama IJlands.

4,100/. for the civil eftablifhment there. Chap. 109,

Bank of England.

1.	For eftablifhing an agreement with the bank of England, for advancing 3,000,000/. toward the fervice of the year 1800. Chap. 28.

2.	To enable the bank of England to advance cafh, or bullion, to be remitted abroad,, on account of foreign fubfidies or fervices abroad. Chap. 33.

3.	See Courts of Equity, Chap. 36.

1.	To prohibit any perfon from felling ^read, which (hall not have been baked 24 hours. Chap. 18.

2.	To authorife bakers ro fell bread to his Majefty's forces on their march, which (hall not have been baked 24 hours, and to indemnity all perfons for felling fuch bread. Chap. 7r.

3.	For amending fcveral ails for regulating the price and aiizc of bread. Chap. 74.

4.	See Flour. Ch3p. 97,

Britijh Mnfcum.

3,000/. for the Briijb Mvjcusu

Chap. .09.	[a

 CjOOQle

Can

Bum Boats.

See Thames Police Office. Chap. 87.

a

Canals, Navigable.

I .T70R making and maintaining a Jl navigable canal from the river Thames, near Gravcfcnd, to the river Medway. Chap. 23*.

2.	For amending fevefal ads for making and completing the canal from Manchefier to Afiton-under* Lyne and Oldham, and for granting further powers. Chap. 24*.

3.	For better enabling the company of proprietors of the Rochdale canal, to raife money for completing the fame, and to vary the line of the faid canal, and to alter, explain and amend the a£l for making the canal. Chap. 36*.

4.	To enable the Dearne and Dove canal company to finifh and complete the faid canal, and for explaining and amending the act for making the canal, and for encreafing the tolls. Chap. 37*.

5.	For altering and amending the ad for making the Peak Fore/l canal, and for gianting further powers. Chap. 3S*.

6.	For enabling the Huddersfield canal company to finifh and complete their canal, and for amending the a£l for making the canal. Chap.

7.	^or enabling the company of proprietors of the navigation from the LeiccJIcr navigation to Melton Mowbray, to complete their navigation, and to difeharge their debts, and for amending the ad for making the faid navigation. Chap.

* 55*

8.	To enable the company of propri-

Coa 903

etors of the Oakham canal, to raife money for completing the fame, and for altering and amending the ad for making the faid canal. Chap. 56*.

9.	For better enabling the company of proprietors of the Lancajler canal to complete the fame. Chap* 57**

Cape Breton, IJland of.

1,840/. for the civil eftablifhment there. Chap. 109.

Cape of Good Hope.

X.	To continue an ad, authorizing his Majefly to make regulations refpeding the trade to the Cape of Good Hope. Chap. 9. 17,

2.	Toleflen the duties on wine and fpirits, the produce of the Cape of Good Hope, and to empower the importers to land the fame before payment of the excife duty, and to lodge the fame in warehoufes, and to allow the fame to be Chipped, free of duty, as ftores to be confumed on board merchant (hips on their voyages. Chap. 60.

Chelfea Hofpital.

*43\3,o/- V- 3d- for Chelfea hofpital. Chap. 109.

Chetfity Hill, Kent.

See Quarantine. Chap. 80.

Coals.

For confirming an agreement between the treafury and the duke of Richmond, in purfuancc of ad 39 Geo. 3. c. 84. for the purchafe of the duty of 1 id. a chaldron on coals. Chap. 43.

Corn.





9°4

Coin

j. 2,338/. 19*. 4^. for profecutions relating to the coin for 1799. Chap. 109.

2.	See New South Wales. Same aft.

Collieries„

For the fecurity of collieries and mines, and for the better regulation of colliers and miners. Chap. 77-

Combinations.

1 See Workmen. Chap. 106.

CommiJJiomrs.

1.	For appointing commiffioners to put in execution an aft for granting a duty on penfions, &c. Chap. 31.

2.	For extending the powers of the faid commiffioners, and indemnifying certain perfons, for having afted as commiffioners • of land tax. Chap. 68.

Commiffioners of Woods and Forcfts.

l,ooo/, for furveys, by order of the commiffioners* for enquiring into the flute of woods and toreifcs. Chap, j09.

Commons, Honfe of.

I,	For $ftabli(hing regulations in the office of the houfe of commons. Chap. 92.

2/8,000/. for printing for the houfe of commons. Chap. 109.

3.	1,697/. for purchafe of a hoyfe inAbington Street, -or depofiting the journals of the houfe of commons. Chap. 109,

4.	370/. 9;. 6d. to the clerks of the houfe of commons; for atten-

Cou

dance on publick committees, Chap. 109.

Confolidated Fund.

5,200,000/. out of the confolidated fund may be applied towards the fupply for 1800, and railed by loans or exchequer bills. Chap. 109.

ConviSs.

32,353/. i6r. 11 d. forexpences of convifts at home. Chap. 109.

Corn.

1.	To continue ah aft for enabling his Majefty to prohibit the exportation, and permit the importation of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provifions, without payment of duty. Chap. 6.

2.	For further continuing and amending aft 39 Geo. 3.0.87.* for enabling his Majefty to prohibit the exportation, and permit the importation of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provifion without payment or duty. Chap. 58.

3.	See Scotland. Chap. 7. 21,

Corftca.

See France. Chap 109.

Cotton Manufacture.

For fettling difputes between matters and workmen engaged in the cotton manufaft ure in England. Chip 90.

Courts of Equity.

To enable courts of equity to compel a transfer of ftock in fuits, without making the bank of

the

 boogie

Ent

the Eafl India company, or South Sea company party thereto. Chap. 36.

Cuftotiis.

1.	To continue a<ft 10 Geo. 3. c.

' 37. relating to fees of officers of

the cuftoms. Chap 45.

2.	For repealing part of the duties and drawbacks of cuftoms Qn kid fkins imported, and the exemption Of imported kid ffiins, from excife duty, .on being drefled in Great Britain• Chap, 63.

D.

Deeds.

See Simps. Chap. 84.

Difiilkrits.

See Scotland. Chap. 73.

Dijlillers

See Sugar. Chap. 61.

Dominica, of.

60 cl.for the civil ■ eflablifhment there. Chap. 1C9.

Ftf	goj.

Errol9 Earl of

To difcharge from a difputcd and dormant claim of the publick feve-ral eftates belonging to the carl of Errol. Chap. 78.

Exchequer Bills.

1.	The treafury mayraife 2,500,000/. by loans or exchequer bills for the fervice of the year 18co. Chap. 4.

2.	The treafury may raife 3,000,000/. more. Chap. 6.

3.	The treafury may ifiue exchequer bills for 7,000,002/. Chap. 33.

4.	For railing 3,500,000/. by exchequer bills. Chap. 102.

5.	For raifing 3,000,000/. more by

exchequer bills. Chap. 103.	'	\

6.	For raifing 3,000,000/. more by exchequer bills. Chap. 104.

7.	3,000,000/. for difeharging exchequer bills. Chap. 109*-

8.	2,506,250/. more for the fame. Same a61.

9.	1,079,740/. more. Same a<5h

10.	3,500,000/. more. Same act.

11.	1,914,000/. more. Same a£h 12- 633,176/. 15*. 6Id. for interefl:

on exchequer bills. Same adh ;

13.	900/. to officers of the exchequer, for extra trouble in making out exchequer bills. Same a<51.

14.	See Liverpool. Chap. 5.

Douglas Harbour.

225/. 9*. to complete the pier at Douglas Harbour. Chap. 109.

E.

Entailed Eftates.

FOR relief of perfons entitled to entailed eftates, to be. pur chafed with truft monies. Chap. 56.

Excife.

1.	Additional duties of excife OIJ lpirits and tea. Chap. 23.

2.	See Scotland. Chap. 73.

3.	See Hops. Chap. 81.

F.

Fifheries.

continue aft 26 Geo, 3. 26. relating to bounties for encouraging





906	Ger

encouraging the Newfoundland fifh-eries. Chap. 45.

2.	To continue aft 26 Geo. 3. c. 41. for encouragement of the Greenland fifheries. Chap. 45.

3.	To continue aft 29 Geo. 3. c. 53. relating to thofe filheries. Chap.

«• ^

4.	Aft 39 Geo. 3. c. 10b. continued, and curers of fifli in the Ip of Man entitled to the additional bounty of 1/. for every barrel of herrings landed in the ifland, out of the cuftoms there. Chap. 85.

Flour.

To incorporate certain perfons by the name of “ The London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread. ”

Fourth and Clyde Navigation. See Scotland. Chap. 57.

France.

j. 242,798/. 5s. 1 d. for refugees of France, Toulon, and Corfca, Saint Domingo fufferers, and A Picric an loyalifts, for 1800. Chap. 109.

2.	7,574A 6s. 3d. more for 1799. Dame aft.

G.

Game,

TW O or more perfons, found in the night in any foreft, field, &c. having a. gun or engine, with intent to kill or take game, or perfons aiding them with offenfive weapons, may be apprehended, and on conviftion (hall be deemed rogues and vagabonds, within the meaning of aft 17 Geo. 3. c« 5. Chap. 50.

Germany, Emperor of.

I.	500,000/. for the emperor of Germany. Chap. X09.

Bac

a. 1,500,000!. more for the fate. Same aft.

3* 545>49V* morc‘ Same aft.

Glafs.

To make perpetual aft 35 Geo. 3, c. 114. for fecuring the duties ot glafs. Chap, 45.

Good Friday.

For the better obfervance of Qd Friday. Chap, 42.

Grants.

447,039/. 41. 0Id. for deficiency of grants in 1799. Chap. 109,

Great Britain.

See Union. Chap. 67,

Greenland.

See Fijheries. Chap. 45,

Greenwich Hojpital.

See Powder. Chap. 32.

Grenada* Ifirmd of

For allowing further time to pay infhlments on money advanced, bf way of loan, to perfons conncded with and trading to the idands of Grenada and Saint Vimnt, Chap. 13* 101.

H.

Hackney Coaches.

FOR repealing the rates and fares of hackney coachmen, and blifhing others in lieu thereof. Chip.

47'	IH-





Inc

Hampftead, Middlefex.

See Pwr. Chap, 35^.

Herrings.

To permit the importation of Swedijh herrings into	Britain.

Chap. 107.

To repeal fo much of an aft 2 Jac,

I.	c. 22. as prohibits the ufe of horfe hides, ‘ in making boots and ihoes, and for better preventing the damaging of raw hides and (kins ia the lb y ing thereof. Chap. 66.

Hops.

1.	To repeal aft 14 Geo. 3. c. 68. relating to hops, and for the better collection of the duty on hops, and to prevent frauds and abufes in the trade of hops. Chap, 81.

2.	For fufpending; until Aug. 20, 1800, the duties on foreign hops imported, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof. Chap. 82.

Horfes.

For obliging perfons claiming to be exempt from the duties on horfes, provided and furniflied for volunteer corps, to deliver certificates thereof to the proper officers. Chap. 32.

Humber, River.

For afeertaining the falvage for anchors, cabels, &c. found in the river Humber. Chap. 10*.

I.

Income.

C EE Appropriation. Chap, j1,

Ire	907

2.	For better afeertaining and collec-ting the duties granted by feveral afts relating to the duties on income, and to explain and amend the faid afts. Chap. 49.

3.	For explaining and amending the income aft of this feffion, refpeft-ing the delivery of ftatements to the commercial commiffioncrs of London under the amount of 20/• Chap. 96.

India (EaJl) Company.

1.	So much of aft 39 Geo. 3. c. 59. as relates to faltpetre repealed, and faltpetre imported by the EaJl India company, to be charged with the duties payable previous to the faid aft. Chap. 38.

2.	To remove doubts arifmg from the conftruftion of aft 39 Geo. 3. c. 59. for permitting certain goods imported from the EaJl Indies to be warehoufed, and for repealing the duties payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof. Chap. 59.

3.	Foreftablilhing further regulations for the government of the Britijb territories in India, and the better adminiftration ofjuftice within the fame. Chap. 79.

4.	See Courts of Equity. Chap. 36.

Infane Perfons.

For fafe cuftody of infane perfons, charged with oftences, Chap.

94.

Ireland.

1.	See Militia. Chap. 9.

2.	See Union. Chap. 67.

3.	2,000,000/. to be remitted to Ireland. Chap. 109.

Kid

 

po8 Lart

K.

Kid Skins.

EE Cujlom. Chap. 63*

‘The King and Queers.

Concerning the difpofition of real and perfonal property of the King and Queen, Chap. 88.

King's Bench Vrijon.

’	7,000/. for repairs of the King’s

, bench prifon. Ciiap. icg.

King (ion upon Hull.

See Pilots. Chap. io*.

L.

*	Lancaster.

x. T?OR better regulating the J/ practice, and for preventing delays in the proceedings of the court of common pleas at Lancaf* ter. Chap 105.

2* See Liverpool. Chap. 105.

Land Forces.

1.	2,337,159/. 8s. 8d. for 80,275 effective men, officers, &c. 'in Great Britain, Jcrfey, Gutrnfey, and Alderncy> from Feb. 25, to Dec. 24, 1800. Chap. 109.

2.	1,004,48ol. 131. 6cl. for forces in the plantations, &c. for the fame time. Same aft.

3.	42,901/. 195. for difference be-, • tween Britijk and Irijh pay for fix

regiments abroad, for i8co. Same adt.

Lan

4.	24)558/. 3*. 8t/. for recruiting the regjtrrents in Ecjl Imt Chap. 109.

5.	530,000/. for recruiting and con-tingencies, and for extra feed o( cavalry. Same adt.

6.	j 05,054/. 7j. nd. for general, ftaff, and hofpital officers in Greet Britain, Jerfey, and Giurnfo. Same adt.

7. 26,280/. 141. 6d. for full pay to fupernumeraryofficers. Sameafl.

8.	105,747/. 3;* bd. for the pay-mafter general, commiflary general, &c. Same adt.

9.	140,000/. for quartering foldiers. Same adt.

10.	J2C,oco/. for allowance in lieu of fmall beer. Same adt.

n. 138,979/. 71. id. for reduced officers of the land forces and marines. Same adt. -

12.	20/. I2i. in/, for private and fuperannuated gentlemen of the horfe guards. Same adt.

13.	1,000/. for officers late io the fervice of the dates general. Same adt.

14.	20,231 /. 125. for widows petitions. Same adt.

15.	471,128/. 125. 3L for forc'gn corps. Same adt.

Land Service.

1.	11,916,768/. n. icI for land fervice. * Chap. 109.

2.	510,596/. for 90,047 cffeciire men in Great Britain Jerjiu Guernjcy'y Alderney, and Hc&d from Dec. 25,1799, to Fei, 24, 1800. Chap. 109.

3.	166,480/. for forces in the plantations, &c. for the fame time; Same adt.

4- 92,635/. for fencible cavalry 2nd embodied provifonal cavalry, for the fame time. Same adt.

5. 40,000/. for quartering foldiers for tiie fame time. Same adt.

LerJ

Ltv

Land Tax.

X.	To extend the period for the benefit of preference to certain bodies, companies and perfons, in contracting for the redemption of land tax, until March 25, 1800. Chap. io.

2.	Further extended to March 25, 180*. Chap. 30.

Lazaret.

See Quarantine. Chap. 80.

Leafes, Ecclefiajlical.

. For explaining and amending fe-veral a£ls refpeCting leafes granted .by archbifaops, colleges, cathedrals, &c. Chap. 41.

Leilh Harbour.

See Scotland. Chap. 57.

Levant Company.

5,0001. for the Levant company* Ciiap. 109.

Linens.

To continue aCt 29 Geo. 2,c. 15. for granting a bounty on linens. Chap. 45.

Linfeed Cakes,

For permitting the free importation of linfeed cakes in neutral (hips. Chap. 64.

Liverpool. .

For enabling his Majefty to direft the iflue of exchequer bills, for relief of the merchants of Liverpool, tnd Lancajler. Chap. 5.

Lot	got)'

Loans.

1.	163,368/. 13*. lod,-for difeount on loans and lottery. Chap. 109.

2.	15,907/. 2i. lid. to the bank of England for receiving contributions to the loan and lottery for 1799* Same adt.

London.

177/. 6s. 6d. for impfeflions of the plan of propofed wet docks in the port of London. Chap. 109.

See Pilots. Chap. 10*.

1.	For making wet docks, batons, curs, and other works, for rhe greater accommodation and fecu-rity of fliipping, commerce and revenue within the port of London. Chap, 47*.

2.	To explain, amend, and render more effetftial, ant a cl for thp recovering of fmaJl debts, and for relieving of poor debtors in London, and for extending the powers of the court of rcquells in the city of London, by two ads continued and eftabliihed. Chap,

• 104*.

Lottery.

1.	826,25ol. to be railed by a lottery. Tickets at 13/. 15*..5*/. each, and 500,000/. to be paid in prizes on Augujl 1, 1800. Chap. 5a*

2.	12,000/. for the lottery. . Chap. 109.

3.	See Loans. Same a£h

4.	To enable fir George Pigot% and others, to uifp.ofeof a certain diamond by a lottery. Chap. 102*.

• Malt,





Mil

M.

Malt.

1.	T'XUTIES upon malt, mum,

XJ cyder and perry, continued for the fervice of the year 1800. Chap. 2.

2.	Certain duties on malt, granted for the fervice of the year 1800. Chap. 3.

Man, JJk

See Fijhfries. Chap. 85.

Marines.

Regulated while on fhore. Chap. a4.

Marfhalfea.

5,000/. for repairs at the MarJbaU fta prifon. Chap. 109.

- Military Afylum.

45,000/. for a royal military afylum. Chap. 109.

Militia.

1.	For enabling his Majefty to accept the fervices of an additional number of volunteers from the militia. Chap. 1.

2.	To continue an adl for empowering his Majefty to accept the Ter-vices of the militia, who may offer to ferve in Ireland. Chap. 9. 15.

3.	For defraying the charge of pay and cloathing the militia of

England, for the year 1800. Chap.

4.3L granting certain allowances to adjutant^, ferjeant majors, and feijeants of militia difembodied under a£fc 39 Geo. 3. feff. 2. c. 1. Chap. 44*

Nat

5, For making allowances to fubal-tern officers of the militia in time of peace. Chap. 7;.

6.232,998/. for the militia, theminers of Cornwall and Devon, and fen* cible infantry, from Dec. 25,

1799,	t0 fob* 24,1800. Chap. 109.

7.	1,306,121/. i6x. $i. for militia, the miners of Cornwall and Devon, two regiments of /r/y® militia, and fencible infantry, from Feb. 25, to Dec. 24, 1800. Same aft.

8.	50,000/. for contingencies of the militia and fencible infantry for

1800.	Same aft.

9.	127,061/. 13s. ii. for cloathing the militia, the miners of Corirwd and Devon, and two regiments of lrijb militia. Same aft.

Mogaiwr.

1,048/. i8x. 6L for fees on cotn-penfation money for Ioffes in coo* fequence of the deftruftion of (hips and cargoes from Mogaior. Chap. 109.

Mutiny.

1.	To continue feveral laws relating to the prevention and punifla-ment of attempts to fcduce per-fonsfervingin his Majefty'sforces. Chap. 9. 16.

2.	For punirtiing mutiny and defer* tion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. Chap. 27*

N.

National Beit.

I. 200,000/. towards the rtduftion of the national debt. Chip. 16.

109.

1.1,805/.

 boogie

Nov

New

2. 1,805/. 95. to the fecretary to the com mi (boners for reducing the national debt. Chap. 109.

Naval Services.

1.	13,619,079/. 135. 11 d. for naval fervices. Chap. 109.

2.	444,000/. for wages of 120,000 men for two months. Chap. 109.

3.	456,000/. for their viftuals. Same aft.

4.	2,238,500/. for wages of 110,000 men for eleven months. Same aft.

5*	2,299,000/. for their viftuals.

Same aft.

Naval Stores.

For better preventing the embezzlement of his Majefty’s naval, ordnance, and viftuailing ftores. Chap. 89.

Navy.

1.	121*510/. for the ordinary of the navy. Chap. 109.

2.	685,429/. iy. 11 d. more for the fame. Same aft.

3.	115,625/. for the extraordinary of the navy. Same aft.

Neutral Ships.

1.	To continue feveral afts relating to the admilbon of certain articles of merchandize in neutral (hips, and the iffuing of orders in council for that purpofe. Chap. 9. 17.

65*

2.	To continue aft for enabling his Majefty, to permit goods to be imported into this kingdom in neutral /hips. Chap. 9.

New Brunfwick.

4*65°^ f°f the civil eflablilhment

there. Chap. 100.

Vol. XLII.

911

New Forejl, Hants.

For the better prefervation of timber in the New ForeJ,?, in the county of Southampton^ and for af-certaining the boundaries of the f;id fored, and the lands of the crown within the fame. Chap. 86.

Newfoundland.

J. To continue an aft for eftablifh-ing courts of judicature in the ifland of Newfoundland. Chap. 9. *7- ^

2.	See Fi fanes. Chap. 45.

3.	1,640/. for the civil eftablifla-ment of the ifland of Newfoundland. Chap. 109.

New South Wales.

1.	6,309/. i6j. 8d. for the civil efta-> blilhmcnt there. Chap, 109.

2.	24,074/. for New South Wales. Same aft.

3.	9,760/.	13;.	10d. to pay bills

drawn from New South Wales. Same aft.

4.	697/. js. for copper coin for New South Wales. Same aft.

5* 177/- *5** O^/. on account of the expences of New South Waels. Same aft.

6.	30,000/. to difeharge bills from New South Wales. Same aft.

North Britain.

1.	680/. i8r. for furveying roads in North Britain. Chap. 109.

2.	4,50c/. for roads and bridges in North Britain. Same aft.

Nova Scotia.

5,540/. for the civil eftablifhment there. Chap. 109.

Nnh





Oats.

912

Ord

Fen

O.

Oats.

FO R granting a bounty on the importation of oats until Oft. I, 1800. Chap. 35.

Offices.

See Penfions. Chap. 3.

Oil.

For permitting blubber from the Qreenland Fijkery, and Davis’s . Str eights, to be boiled into oil after the arrival of the fliips, and for charging the duty thereon. Chap. 51.

Opium.

For altering the convoy duty payable on the importation of opium. Chap. 51.

Orders in Council.

See Neutral Ships. Chap. 65.

Ordnance.

I. See Naval Stores. . Chap. 89.

2. 60,000/. for ordnance for the fea fervice. Chap. 109.

3. 302,500/. more for the fame.

Same aft.

4* 350,000/. for ordnance for the land fervice. Same aft..

5. 1* 127,960/. 131. 3</.,for the fame.

Same aft.

6*. 33>67i/. in. 5 for the fame in 1798. Same aft.

7. 184,324./. 13;. 3 for the fame in i79g. Same act.

P.

Paper.

TO exempt from duty walle paper imported into this kingdom, for the purpofe of being re-manufaftured, except that impofed by 38 Geo. 3. c. 76. Chap. 70.

Parliament.'

I. For empowering his Majtfty to fhorten the time for the meeting of parliament in cafes cf adjournment. Chap. 14.

2. 348/. 31. 9 d.for exponces of the parliament office. Chap. 109.

3,	no/. 17 s.9 d.for completing the thirty-fourth volume of manu-feript journals of the houfe of lords. Same aft.

4.	1,024 I.41. 3 for printing the journals of the houfe of lords. Same aft.

Paving.

For forming, paving, deanf;ng, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwife improving and keeping in repair the flreets, fquares, &c. which are and /hall be made upon certain pieces of ground in the parith of Saint Pancras, Middlefex, belonging to the duke of Bedford. Chap. 49*.

Pawnbrokers.

For better regulating the buli-nefs of pawnbrokers. Chap. 99.

Penfions.

For granting a duty on penfions, offices, and perfonal eHates, in £«/-land, Wales, and Berwick upon Twit. for the fervice of the year 1800. Chap. 3-	r





?	jPerfumery.

For repealing the duties on per-^ fumery, and on licences for vending the fame. Chap. 69.

4

Pilots.

*For the appointment and regula-' tion of pilots for conducing Ihips into and out of the port of Kingftvi upon Hull. Chap. 10*.

Police.

Prince of Orange.

See United Provinces. Chap. 100.

Printers.

To indemnify all perfons who have printed, publifhed, or aifperfed* or who (hall publdh, or dnperle, any papers printed under the authority of the com mi (Turners, or head officers of any publick boards, without the name and place of abode of the printer. Chap. 95.

1.	3^000/. for the police office at trapping. Chap. 109.

2.	2,646/. 9s. 6d. more for the fame. Same a£t.

3.	797/. in. 6d. more for the fame. Same aft.

Prifoners of JVar.

1.	500,000/. for prifoncrs of war in health. Chap. 109.

2.	90,000/. for fick prifoners. Same



c

'<* ■

t

K j y i Y ,

Poor.

To enlarge the powers of the directors and guardians of the poor, within feveral hundreds, &c. in England, incorporated by divers a£ts of parliament for the better maintenance and employment of the poor. Chap. 4o.

Poor.

For the better relief and employment of the poor of rite p.irifh of Saint John, HampJIead, Mtddlcfew Chap. 35*.

Powdet.

1. To amend fo much of aft 35 Geo.

3.	C. 49. as relates to the exempting perfons ferving in volunteer corps, and certain officers of the navy ferving on the eftablifhment of Greenwich Hofpital, from the faid duty. Chap. 32.

2« Sec Volunteer Corps. Chap. 32.

Publick Accountants.

For more effe&ually charging pub-liclc accountants with th‘ payment of intereft; for allowing intereft to them in certain cafe*, and ivr C3m-pelling the pavme o\ balances duo from them. Chap. 54.

Qt

Qualification.

ACT of qualification for offices* Chap. 29.

Quarantine.

For ere&ing a lazaret on Chetney Hilly Kent, and for reducing iottf one a£l the laws relating ro quaran* tine, and for making further provi-fions therein. Chap. 80.

The Queen.

See The King and Queen, Chap. 88, n n n a	Ropt

’ D 

9i4

Sai

R.

Rape Cakes.

FOR permitting the free importation of rape cakes in neutral fhips. Chap. 64.

Rice.

To prohibit the exportation of rice. Chap. 91.

Richmond, Duke of.

See Coals. Chap. 43.

Rogues and Vagabonds.

See Game. Chap. 50.

Rum.

To continue a61 15 and 16 Geo. 2. c. 25. relating to the landing of rum, &c. Chap. 45.

Ruff'd Square.

For inclofing and embellishing the centre or area of Rufjel Square, purpofed to he made in the parilh of Saint George, Bloomjlmry, Middle f ex, and for forming and making the fame into a pleafure ground, and keeping the fame in repair. Chap. 50*.

Rye.

For granting a bounty on the importation of rye, until OlI. 15, 1800. Chap. 53.

s.

Sail Cloth.

TO continue aft 33 Geo. 2. c.

17. for making fail cloth. Chap. 45.

Sco

2.	To continue aft 9 Geo, 2, c, 37. for further encouraging the matt u fa ft u re of Britijh fail cloth,

Chap. 45.

3.	To continue aft 19 Qeo. 2.C.27.

for fecuring the duties on foreign (j made fail cloth imported. Same aft.

Saint Domingo.

1.	16,000/. for relief of Saint Ds-

mingo claimants. Chap. 109.	1

2.	50,000/. for demands of Saint \

Domingo claimants. Same aft.	]

3.	See France. Same aft.

Saint John, Ifland of.

1,900/. for the civil cftablilhmcDt 1 there. Chap. 169.

e

4

Saint Pawns,

See Paving. Chap. 49*,

Salt	Petrej *

Sec India (Eajl) Company. Chap. 38.

a

Scotland.

1.	To prohibit until March 1,1800,	'	^

the making of low wines or fpirits ,, from wheat, barley, malt, or other * fort of graim or any meal, flour,

or bran, in Siotland. Chap. 7.	*

2.	Continued\j until Feb. 1, 1801.

Chap. 21. I

3.	For the more eafy recovery of fmall debts in Scotland. Chap. 46.

4.	To enable the barons of the exchequer in Scotland to advance to 4 the magiftrates of Edin^bur^ for improving the harbour ,of Litb}

part of the money paid into the court of exchequer by the proprietors of the Forth and C/ri navigation. Chap. 57.

Salaries to the judgesof the courts J of felfion judiciary, and exchequer,

are



Snu

are to be paid out of thofe revenues which were appropriated for fupporting the faid courts by the a£ts of 7 and 10 Anne* Chap.

55*	.	f	.	.	,r

>, bor repealing the duties of excue

on diftilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of Britijh made fpirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof* and for altering, amending and continuing certain ads of parliament, for the regulation of dillilleries in Scotland. Chap. 73.

Secret Service.

1.	1 50,000/. for foreign fecret fervice* Chap. ioq.

2.	13,779. for fecret fervice abroad. Same act.

Ships.

1.	For extending bonds given on liccnfmg (hips, veffels, or boats, to all cafes v/here they may be liable to forfeiture. Chap, 51.

2.	720,000/. for wear and tear of (hips. Chap. 109.

3.	3,630,000/. more for the fame. Same a£t.

4.	656,515/. for building and repairs of (hips. Same ad.

5.	41,400/. for Ioffes fuftained by the deftrudion of the (hips the Aurora, the Mentor, and the Lark, and their cargoes. Same ad.

Sierra Leone.

4,000/. for the civil eftablifhment there. Chap. 109.

Snow Hill.

See Temple Bar. Chap. 42*.

Snuff.

* Certain duties on fnuff granted for

Sia	9JS

tl,e fervice of the year 1800. Chap. 3-

Soldiers.

For increafmg the rates of fubfift-cnee on quartering foldiers. Chap. 39*

Somcrfet Houfe.

2,550/. for works dons at Somcrfet Houfe. Chap. 109.

Somers IJlands.

See Bermuda. Chap. 109.

South Sea Company.

See Courts of Equity. Chap. 36.

Spirits.

1.	For reducing until June 1, 1800, theduties upon fpirits dillilled from melaflcs or fugar, anti for prohibiting the didillation of fpirits from wheat, or wheat flour. Chap. 8.

2.	See Scotland. Chap. 7. 21.

3.	See Excife, Chap. 23.

4.	See Cape of Good Hope. Chap. 6o*

Stamps.

1.	To amend feveral laws relating to the duties on (lamps. Chap*

72*

2.	To render valid indentures of apprenticefhip of poor children* and others, made on improper (lamps and to indemnify perfons who have incurred penalties, and for allowing altered copies of indentures, leafes, or deeds, to be (lamped after engi oiling, Chap.

84.

3.	See Perfumery. Chap. 69.

Starch.

1 * For reducing until Sep. 20,1800, and better cohering the duties payable on the importation of (larch. Chap. 8.





2. To

Tob

916

2. To prohibit unti’, Oft. i, 1800. the ufe of wheat in making (larch. Chap. 25.

Stones.

For exempting burr (tones, and

ftones for making roads, from the

duties charged thereon when carried

coaftwife. Chap, 51.

Sugar.

X. Certain duties on fugar granted for the fervice of the year 1800. Chap. 3.

2.	To enable the commiffioners of cuftoms to allow until April 1, 1800, Britijh plantation fugars to be warehoufed ; to revive fo much of a& 32 Geo. 3. c. 43. as relates to the afcertaining the average price of fugar, 3nd regulating the allowance of drawback on the exportation thereof; and for allowing until May 5, 1800, certain draw-

' backs on lugar exported. Chap. 12.

3.	To repeal the duties on fugar and coffee exported, granted by ad 39 Geo. 3. c. 63. for allowing Britifh plantation fugar to be warehoused; for reviving fo much of ad 32 Geo. 3. c. 43. as relates to the afcertaining the average ptice of fugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback on exportation thereof, and for allowing certain drawbacks on fugar exported. Chap. 48.

4.	So much of ad 40 Geo, 3. c. 8. as relates to the duties on wort or wa(h, made from melaffes or fugar, or to any diftiller, revived and continued. Chap. 6x.

5.	448/. 13s. for publishing weekly returns of the average price of Mufcovado Sugar. Chap. 109.

6.	See Beer. Chap. 62.

Surinam.

For indemnifying the governor of Surinam for having permitted the importation and exportation ofgoods commodities in foreign bottomland for making void all feizures of and (hips, &c. for any thing done in pur-fuance of fuch permiffion. Chap, 108.

Sweedijh Herrings.

See Herrings. Chap. 107.

T.

Tea,

See Excife. Chap. 23.

Temple Bar.

For railing a further fum of money for carrying into execution two ads, for widening and improving the entrance into the city of Lnim near Temple Bart for making a commodious ftreet or paflage at Snow HiHy and for railing money on the credit of the orphans fund. Chap. 42*.

Thames Police Office.

"For more effectual prevention of depredations on the river Thcmt and its vicinity, and to amend an ad made to prevent the committing of thefts, and frauds by perfons navigating bum boats and other boars upon the river Thames. Chap. 87.

Tobacco.

X. Certain duties on tobacco granted for the fervice of the year 1800.

Chap. 3*. . A ...

2. For obliging matters of flaps, laden with tobacco, to remove them from their moorings when difeharged. Chap. 51.

 boogie

Uni

Wtf

Toulon.

1.	900/, for relief of Toulonefe emigrants, not included in the eftimate for 1799. Chap. 109.

2.	See France. Same aft.

Tranfport Service.

1,300,000/. for tranfport fervice. Chap. jog.

Treafon.

1.	Adt 39 Geo. 3. c. 44. continued, and perfons imprifoned for high treafon, &c. maybe detained until Feb. 1, 1801. Chap. 20.

2.	For regulating trials for high treafon and mifprifion of hightrea-fon. Chap. 93.

Turpentine and Tar.

For repealing the duties on the importation of oil of turpentine and tar, and charging other duties in lieu thereof. Chap. 51.

U.

Union.

FOR the union of Great Britain and Ireland. Chap. 67.

United Provinces.

To authorife his Majefty togrant commiflions to natives of the feven United Provinces of the hereditary ftates of the prince of Orange, to ferve on board certain Dutch fhips of war furrendered to his Majefty’s fleet, and in regiments in the pay of his Majefty, and to enable any fuch natives to inlift as foldiers in fuch regiments. Chap. 100.

Upper Canada.

7>950^ for the civil eftablifttment / there. Chap. 109.

v.

Veterinary College.

1,500/. for the Veterinary College. Chap. 109.

Victualling.

. See Naval Stores. Chap. 89.

Vincent's (Saint) IJland of.

See Grenada, IJland of. Chap* 13* 201.

Volunteer Corps.

x. To indemnify perfons ferving in volunteer corps, who have omitted to take out certificates for wearing hair powder. Chap. 32.

2.	574,000/. for volunteer corps* Chap. 209.

3.	See Powder. Chap. 32*

4.	See Horfes. Same a&.

w.

Weft India IJlands.

For indemnifying governors, lieu-nant governors, and perfons a&ing as fuch in the fVeJi India iilands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms* Chap. 76.

Wheat

 

9*8

mi

Wheat.

I. For granting bounties on the importation of wheat, wheaten flour and rice, until 051. i, 1800. Chap. 29.

2* l,coo/. to Mr. Davis, for a dif-covery of his method of cleaning wheat damaged by fmut. Chap. 109.

mils.

To reftrain all trufts and directions in deeds or wills, whereby the profits or produce of real or perfonal eftate fhall be accumulated, and the bene-

Wor

ficial enjoyment thereof poftponed beyond a limited time. Chap. 98.

Wine.

1.	For permitting French wines to be imported from Gutrnfey, Jerfa or Alderney^ in bottles or flalks,, Chap. 83.

2.	See Cape of Good Hope. Chap. 60.,

Workmen.

(

To repealafl 39 Geo. 3.C. 8r. fori preventing unlawful combinations fj of workmen, and to fubftitute other provilions in lieu thereof. Chap. 106.

END OF PART II. VOL. XLir.

 

THE

tatutes at

5,arge,

Anno quadragefimo primo

GEORGII III. Regis

Being the FIFTH Seflion of the Eighteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

VOL. XUI. PART III.





Digitiz . by



A

T A B L E

OP THE

STATUTES

Paffed in the Forty-firfb Year of the Reign of his

Majefty

KING GEORGE the THIRD.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

Cap. i.'T'O prohibit until the firft day of November one X thoufand eight hundred and one, the exportation of rice* and to indemnify all perfons who have been concerned in preventing the exportation thereof, or in the nonperformance of any contra&s and agreements that fhall not have been performed in confequence thereof.

Cap. 2. To authorife his Majefty, from time to time, to prohibit the exportation of provifions or food.

Cap. 3. To prohibit, until the firft day at January one thoufand eight hundred and two, the ufe of corn in diftilling of fpirits or making of ftarch.

Cap. 4. For fufpending, until the twentieth day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and one, the duties on hops imported, and for charging other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 5. For continuing, until the expiration of forty days after the commencement of the firft feffion of parliament that, fhall he begun, and holden after the firft day of September one thoufand eight hundred and one, feveral laws relating to the prohibiting ihe exportation, and permitting the importation, of corn and other articles of proviiion, without payment of duty ; to the allowing the ufe of fugar in the brewing of beer; to the reducing the duties upon fpirits diftillsd from metefles and

a 2	fugar;

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES

lugar; and to the prohibiting the making of low wines or fpiritf from wheat, and certain other articles* in that part of Gnat Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 6. For (hortening, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, the time of keeping in fteep for malting* barley damaged by rain in the late harveft.

Cap. 7. For continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred and one.

Cap. 8. For continuing and granting to his Majefty a duty on penfions, offices, and perfonal eftates, in England, Walts, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed-, and certain duties on fugar, malt, tobacco, and fnuff, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred and one.

Cap. 9. To explain and amend an aft, made in the twenty-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled^ An ad fir the better relief and employment of the poor.

Cap. 10. For granting bounties on the importation of wheat, barley, rye, oats, peafe, beans, and Indian corn, and of barley, rye, oat and Indian meal, wheaten flour, and rice.

Cap. 11. To permit, until the firft day of Oftober, one thou* eight hundred and one, the importation of herrings and other fi/h, the produce of the fifhery carried on in Nova Scotia, Nw Brunfivick, Newfoundland, and on the coaft of Labrador, into this kingdom, without payment of duty.

Cap. 12. For making better proviflon for the maintenance of the poor, and for diminifhing the confumption of bread 1 corn, by directing the manner of applying parifh relief, until J the fixth day of November one thoufand eight hundred and one, , and from thence until the end of fix weeks after the meeting of the then next feflion of parliament.

Cap* 13. To enable commiffioners to purchafe certain buildings for the accommodation of the two houfes of parlu* •; ment.	j

Cap. 14. For raifing a certain fum of money by loans or exche* quer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred and one; and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament.

Cap. 15. For taking an account of the population 0(Great Britain, and of the increafe or diminution thereof.

Cap. 16. To prevent, until the fixthday of November oue thoufand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of fix weeks from the commencement of the then next feflion of parliament, the manufafturing of any fine flour from wheat, or other grain, and the making of any bread folely from the fine flour of wheat; and to repeal an aft*pafled in the thirrv-fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for permitting bakers to make and fell certain forts of bread, and to make mote effeftual provifion for the fame.





'i

"5

-5



(Public General) 41 GEO. Ifl.

Cap. 17. To prohibit, until the firft day of Oliober orte thoufand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of fix weeks next after the commencement of the then next feffion of parliament, any perfon or perfons from felling any bread which (hall not have been baked twenty-four hours.

Cap. 18. To permit, until the firft day of Oliober oat thoufand eight hundred and one, the importation of Swedijb herrings into Great Britain.

Cap. iq. To remove doubts arifing upon the conftru&ion of an a&of this feffion of parliament, intituled, An all for granting bounties on the importation of wheat, barley, rye% cat$,peafe, beans, and Indian corn, and of barley, rye, oat, and Indian meal\ and wheaten four and rice.

. Cap. 20. To revive and continue until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament, and amend fo much of an acl of the laft feffion of parliament, as ralates to the reducing and better collecting the duties payable on the importation of ftarch; and to continue for the fame time feveral laws relating to the enabling his Majefty to permit goods to be imported into this kingdom in neutral (hips: to the authorifing his Majefty to make regulations refpeding the trade to the Cape of Good Hope j and to the preventing offences in obftruding, deftroying, or damaging (hips, and in obftruding feamen and others from purfuing their lawful occupations.

Cap. 21. For allowing, until the fifteenth day of Oliober one thoufand eight hundred and one, the ufe of fait, duty free* , in the preferving of fi(h in bulk or in barrels; for protecting perfons engaged in fuch fifheries from being impreffed into his . Majefty’s fervice; for difeontinuing the bounty payable on white herrings exported; and for allowing a bounty on pilchards now cured, whether exported or fold for home confumption.

Cap. 22. To authorife his Majefty to appoint commiffioners for the more effectual examination of accounts of publick expenditure for his Majefty’s forces in the Wcji Indies during the prefent war.

Cap. 23. For making the port of Amjlerdam in the i/land of Curasao a free port.

Cap. 24. For continuing, until fix months after the con-clufion of a general peace, three ads, made in the thirty-third and thirty-eighth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for efta-bli/hing regulations refpeding aliens arriving in this kingdom, or refident therein, in certain cafes.

Cap. 25. For allowing the importation of undrefled hemp from any of the countries that lie within the limits of the ex-clufive trade of the Eajl India company free of duty.

Cap. 2.6. For continuing, until the firft day of June one thoufand eight hundred and one, the feveral ads for regulating the turnpike roads in Great Britain, which expire at the end of the prefent feffion of parliament.

Cap. 27. For extending the time for the payment of certain Aims of money advanced by way of loan to feveral perfons

 *

«

A TABLE of the STATUTES

conne&ed with and trading to the ifiands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

Cap* 28. To explain, amend, and render more effajual, the feveral acfls made in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and in the laft feffion of parliament, for the redemption and purchafe of the land tax.

Cap. 39. For further continuing, until the firft dayof Augufl one thoufand eight hundred and feven, an act, made in the thirty-feventh vear of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An acl for tnc better prevention and pwiifoment of attempt/ U ftduct perfons ferving in his Majeflys forces, by fea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Mu}fly, or to incite them to mutiny or difbedience.

Cap. 30. For explaining and amending an a#, pafled in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, Ah att for trebling c lazaret on Chetney Hill, in ike county of Ken t, andfor reducing inti mad the laws relating to quarantine ; and for making further fmifm therein, as far as regards the payment of the tonnage duty io the iHands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man.

Cap. 31. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qua-lify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time diredled by law, and for extending the time limited for thofe purpofes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred and one; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted to be ftamped according to law, or having been damped, have been loft or millaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred and one, to provide ad-miffions duly ftamped ; to permit fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the fii.fi day of Michaelmas term one thoufand eight hundred and one; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have negle&ed to tranfmit deicrip-tions of their qualifications to the clerics of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpofe, until the fir ft day of September one thoufand eight hundred and one.

Cap. 32. For further continuing, until fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament, feveral ac)s made in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, and in the laft feffion of parliament, for cm-powering his Majefty to fecure and detain fuch perfons as his Majefty {hall fufpeA arc confpiring againft his perfon and government.

PUBLIC

(.Public Local cs? Per fond) 41 GEO. IIL PUBLIC LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS.

I. A Nadi to continue, for twenty-one years, and from thence iito the end of the then next frflion of parliament, the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two ads, pafied in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty, King George the Second, and the eighteenth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Towcrjler, through Silver-Jlon and Backley in the county of Northampton, and Ardlcy and Middleton Stoney, to IVejlon Gate, in the pari ill of Wejlon on the Green, in the county of Oxford.

2.	An ad to continue for twenty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and enlarge the powers, of two ads, patted in the thirty— fecond year of the reign of his late mnjefly King George the Second, and in the twentieth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from a place called The Old Gallows, in the parifh of Sunning, in the county of Berks, through Wokingham, New Brackr.czul, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the parifh of Egham, in the county of Surrey.

3.	An ad for the better relief of the poor in the city of Edinburghy and the fuburbs thereof, and certain diftrids adjoining thereto.

4.	An ad for obviating a doubt arifing on the power of fa!e and exchange contained in a fetdement of the effaces of the right honourable Henry earl Bathurji.

PRIVATE ACTS.

,.A N a<5l for naturalizing Jofeph Augujlus Vanderfmerfch;

2.	An ad for naturalizing Charles Michael Lullin.

3.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, meadows, wafte and other lands, commons, and commonable places, within the parilh of Ojford Clumyy in the county of Huntingdon.

4.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and inclofing, the wafte grounds, and alfo the open fields and meadows, and common-able and intermixed lands, within the pariih of Arlington, in the county of Gloucejler.

5.	An ad for naturalizing Chrijleph Weltje.

THE







Dogle

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, Magna Britannia,	Francia, et ,	-

dragejimo primo.

4

AT	tbe'parliament begun and hoi Jen at Weft-

minfter, the twelfth day of July, Anno Domini 1796, in the thirty-fixth year	the

reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by feverprorogations, to the eleventh day of November 1800; being the fifth fejjion of the eighteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I,

An aft to prohibit^ until the fi*jl day ^November one thoufand eight hundred and one, the exportation of rice; and to indemnify all perfons who have been concerned in preventing the exportation thereof or in the nonperformance of any contrasts and agreements that Jhall not-have been performed in confquence thereof—[Nov. 24, 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the exportation of rice fbouli preamble.

be prevented for a limited time \ be it therefore enaifieJ by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and Confent of the lords fpiricual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflemblecf, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the paflihg of this a&, no perfon or No perfon perfons whatever fhall, dire# iy or indirectly, export, carry, or export, convey, or caufe or procure to be exported* carried, or con- aY on Vpr. XLI1.	O	o	o	veved

 vjOOQIC

gzo Anno regni quadragefimo prmio Georgii III. c. i. [1800.

pnrp-jfe, any Veyed out of or from any port or place of this kingdom, or (hall rice*	load or lay on board, or caufe or procure to be laden or laid

on board, in any (hip or other vertel or boat, any rice, in order to be exported, carried, or conveyed out of any fuch port or place.

Rice export- II. And be it further ena&ed, That all rice which (hall be e<l, or put on fG exported, carried, or conveyed, or be laden or laid on board nurnofe^nnU ,n any or ot^er veflel or boat, in order to be exported, be forfeit sd, carr ied or conveyed out of this kingdom contrary to this acf, and the o,fen- fhall l*e forfeited; and that every offender therein (hall forfeit cWfliall tor alfo the funuof fixpence for every pound weight of fuch rice tor hich^rice^ wh,c^ be exported, carried, or conveyed, or fo laden or ;mdthe veilel on board in any (hip or other veflel or boat, in order lobe &c may be exported, carried, or conveyed out of this kingdom; and alfo the fet/.ed,	(hip, veflel, or boat, wherein the fame (hall be exported,or in or

upon which the f3:ne (hall be laden or laid on board in order tobe exported, together w.th her guns,furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, lhail be forfeited, and the fame refpe&ively, and each and every part thereof, may be feized by any officer or Aa not to officers of the cuftoms: provided always, That nothing in this extend to,rice ao\ contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any for diet on a fuch quantity of rice as (hall be neceflary to be .carried in any ricx^cairied ^’P or ot^cr ve,Tel t0 be ufed for or towards the fuftenance, diet, co lit wife and* ftJPPort °f 'the commander, mafter, moriners, and paf-accordinp to ‘fengers on the voyage 5 nor (hall any of the provifions of this :,z Geo. 3. aft: be conftrued to extend to prohibit the carrying of ricecoaft-°* 5°*	wife, or from one port or place in Great Britain to another port

or place in Great Britain, according to the regulations prefer'* bed by an act palled in the thirty-fccond year of the reign of his* prefect Majefty, intituled, An aft for the relttf if tor coatrade of Great Britain ; for exempting certain coojl dock-vu>n 's from jhvnp duties; for aboiifiring the bond\ ufually called the lit of Man Bond ; and for per mitt utg corn and grain brought coa/lwift to be t ran flipped into lighters for the purpoft of being carried through the canal from the Forth to the Clyde; and in like manner as ,	the fame might have been carried coaftwife before the palling of

this act.

Att not to HI. Provided, alfo, and be it further enafted, That nothing in this a<ft contained (hall extend, or be conflrucd to extend, pven that * to present evidence being received by the commiilioncrs of his nee rson Mjjefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpcclivdy, or in any ho ird without fedt or information, that, by reafon of the fmallnefs of the clUrim*ty anY fgch rice, an^ other circumfhnces, that the &c.	J lame was on broad without the knowledge or privhy of themifler

of perfon having the charge or command of any fuch (hip or veflel, in like manner as is permitted with refped to corn, by aa act pafled in the thirty-fir(V year of the reign of his prefent M ijeftv; and that, when fuch proof (hall be fo made, fuch (hip, veilil, or boat,- or any thing belonging thereto as aforeuid* thall not’ be forfeited for or on account of fuch (mail quantity of Tree as afoiefaid.

IV,And

 L.ooQle

i8oo%] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. i. 921

IV.	And be it further e/ia&ed, That all penalties and for* How penalties feitures contained in this a£t (hall and may be fued for, ^red^Vc*0" profccuted, recovered, and difpofed of, in fuch manner, and by ’

fuch ways, means, and methods, as any penalties incurred, or any goods, (hips, or veffels forfeited for any offence againft the laws or cuftoms may now be legally (tied for, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of, and the officer or officers concerned in feizures or profecutions under this a<5l (hall be entitled to, and receive fuch lhare of the produce arifing from the feizures as they are now by law entitled to upon profecution of feizures for unlawful exportation, and to fuch (hare of the produce arifing from any pecuniary fine, or penalty or compofition paid for any offence againft this aCt, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to upon profecution for pecuniary penalties.

V.	And whereas, by an aft pojfcd in the la ft firffion of parliament, 39 & 40 Geo. a bounty was granted in certain c?fe$ on r;ce imported into this king- 3- c* *9-

dom, in order to encourage a [apply of the fame; and by another at7, 35 afo pajjed in the lajl fejfton cf parliament, the exportation of rice ° was pi obibited until the fifteenth day of October one thoufand eight hundred: and whereas, at the expiration of that period, there was great reafon to apprehend that large quantities of rice would be exported from this kingdom to the great detriment of his Majefys fubjeCts during the then and prejent high price of provifion: and ' whereas, for the prevention thereof the commifponers of his Majcfty's tufloms, in purfuance’of directions to that effeft from the lords com-miff oners of his Mej fly's treafury, have prevented the exportation of alt rice fince theJaid fifteenth day of October, which has proved to be beneficial to the publick; wherefore it is expedient, that all per fins ijfuing, giving, or advifmgfuch directions as aforefaid, or concerned in the ijjuing, giving, or advifmg any fuch directions, and alfo, all perjons acting under or in purfuancc thereof, Jhould be indemnified: be it therefore enacted. That all perfons ilTuing, giving, or ad- All perfons vifing any fuch directions as aforefaid, or concerned in the ifluing, direc-giving, or advifing any fuch directions, and alfo all perfons vemin^rhe^ afting under or in purfuance of the faid directions, and alfo, all exportation of perfons who (hall have been prevented performing any contract rice ilnce OCt. or agreement by reafon thereof, (hall be, and are. hereby J s> indemnified for and on account of the fame, and of any aCt, inuemmlie matter or thing done in purfuance of and in conformity with fuch directions as aforefaid, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpofes whatever, as if the fame directions had been given, and fuch aCts, matters, and things done in purfuance of any aCt Or aCts of parliament.

VI.	And be it further enaCted, That all perfonal aCHons and All actions for fuits, indictment's, and informations, and all profecutions and ceive*entries" proceedings whatsoever, which have been or (hall be hereafter for exporta-profecuted or commenced againft any perfon orperfons,for having tion of rice, ‘refuted to deceive any entry'or entries for the exportation of any &c; or for any •rice,' or to dear out any (hip or veffel wkh rice on board having been0t intended to be Exported before the paffirig ofthis aCt, or againft performed on any perfon or perlone,for or,-by reafon-of. any aCt, matter, or that account,

• * - J	0002	thing	iuadc	V0J&

Digitized'by 

gii Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii ITI-c. i. [1800.

thing adviled, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne lobe done, in relation to the prevention of any fuch exportation of rice as aforefaid, or againft any perfon or perfons for or on account of any contract or agreement not being performed by occafion or by means of any fuch exportation having been fo hindered or prevented as aforefaid, be, are, and (hall be dif-charged and made void by virtue of this a &; and that if any ad ion or fuit (hall be profccuted or commenced againft any perlqn or per funs for or by reafon of *any fuch a&, matter, or thing, er any fuch contract or agreement not being performed on fuch account as aforefaid, he, (he, or they, may plead the General due. general ilfue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence;

and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any aftion or fuit (b to be profccuted or commenced (hall become nopfuit, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer difeontinuance, or if a verM pafe againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants Double ccfts (hall recover his, her, or their double cofts, for which he, (he, or they (hall have the like remedy, as in cafes where the cofts by law are given to defendants. ha#te^1Cm	And	H	^lr,*ler	loaded. That if any adlion or fuit

menced1^111 hath keen ^rca(*y commenced againft any perfon or perfons for nonoei form- any fuch ad, matter, or thing, as aforefaid, or on account of any ance of con- fuch contfad or agreement not being performed, by occafion of t s act, the fuch hindcrance as aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for the defendantsor apply1 to the*^ d^^ers >n f°ch a<3iom or fuits refpedivtly, in whatever courts in Great Britain fuch adions or fuits (hall have been commenced, to apply to fuch court or courts refpedively, to ftay all proceed-ing* therein refpedively, by motion in a fummary way*, and Inch court or courts are hereby authorifcd and required to make orders for that purpofe accordingly; and the court or courts making fuch order (hall award and allow to the defendants and defenders Ycfpedivcly, double cofts of fuit; for which they (bill refpedively have the fame remedy as in cafes where the cofts arc by law given to defendants or defenders.

V HI. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That in cafe his Maiefty at any time or times after the palling of this ad (hall? in his roval diferetion, judge it moil for the benefiting advantage of this kingdom, to permit the exportation of rice, then it (hall and may be law.nl to and for his Majefty, by his royal proclamation or proclamations, to be iflued by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his Majefty’s order in council, to be publilhed in the London Gazettt from time to time, to permit and fuffer all and every perfon and perfons, natives and foreigners {but not any particular perfon or perfons), at any time or times after the pafling of this aQ, to exjxrt any rice from this kingdom ; any thing herein contained to the con* trarv notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further cna&ed, That this aft (hall continue in force ur.t'ijl the Brft day of Novtmktr one thoufond eight hundred and on$, and may be altered, varied, or repealed by any ad or ads 10 be paiTed in this prefcut feffioo of parliament.

CAP.

apply 1 cotnt to ftay

proceedings,

ike.

His M«Vefty may pt rift it tl'e exportation ot rite.

Continuance of a£t.





■	:i.

- rt :*• .-Jfl - :/ rai

. ... v; *f ■; ' 71*

:: c*!

• —■f-f

r /-*

... ■;•>•?

C'Ht

::A

'. vtf: ;>*

-3

;■£*

•J*

i’l** i ■;.2*

' .:fi

'.y

-rf

A

■/'

iSoo.] Anno regni quadragfefimo primo Georgii III. c. 2.	923

' -CAP. 11.

An’Qft to author ife his Maje/ly, from time to time, to prohibit the exportation of provifiom or food.— [Nov. 24, 1800.]

WHEREAS the publickfafety may require temporary reflraints Preamble.

on the exportation of all or any fort of provifum or victual whatever, or any articles ufd at food for man: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it ena&vd by the Kind’s moft excellent mnjefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and Temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afftuibled, and by the authority of the fame, Thut.it (hall he lawful for his M jcfty, by order His M*jefty, in council from time to time, to prohibit, for a time to be 1 itnited in fucb order, either generally or parti ularly, and by name or Inhibit the^ defeription, the exportation from this kingdom of all or any fort expos ition of of provision or victual, or any article or articles whatfo**ver ufedany article or which may be ufed as food by man, under fuch reftridions as food and regulations as his Majefty in council (hall think proper, ^ m a* and in like manner from time to time to recal fuch order in part, or in the whole, or make fuch alteration therein as he (hall think proper.

II.	And be it further enabled. That all fuch provifion, victual, Any fuch and every article of food whatfoever, include ! in his Majcify’s^’^^P^-order, which fhall be afterwards exported, tranfportec:, carried, or any conveyed, or laden or laid on board of any Ihip, veilel,or boat, in villi for fuch order to be exported, tranfpd/fed, carried, or*conveyed, out of this purpole, (hall kingdom contrary to fuch order, fhall be forfeited, and fhall may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms; and offender flir.il and every perfon or perfons offending therein fhall forfeit treble jorfeit treble the value of fuch provifions or food refpe&ivelv, as (hall be. fo the value, and ‘ exported, tranfporced, carried, or conveyed out of this kingdom,the or laden or laid on board of any'fhip, veffel, or bout, for thatIna^ c me ' purpofe; and fuch fhip, veflel, or boat, together with her gum, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, fhall be forfeited, and the fame fhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms.

III.	And be it further enaded, That 2II penalties and for-How penalties feitures contained in this act fhall and may be fued for, profe- arc to ,c-cuted, recovered, and difpofed of in luch manner, and by fuch coverecl> ways, means, arid methods, as any penalti.; incurred on any goods, fhips, or veflels, forfeited for any offence a gain ft the laws of cuftoms, may now be legally fued for, profecuted, recovered, and difpofed of; and the officer or officers concerned in feizures or profecutions under this ad fhall be entitled to and receive fuch fhareoftheprodiice arifingfrom the feizures as thevare now by law entitled to upon profecutions of feizures for unlawful exportation^ and to fuch (hare of the produce arifingfrom any pecuniary hue or penalty, or compofition paid for dny offence againft this ad, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to, upon profecutions for pecuniary penalties.'

0003	'	oiltKa	JpSvcixted^Ie

924

This ?<ft and fuch orders not to extend to certain c:ifes.

Anno regni quadragefimo prime Geokgii HI. c. 2. [1800.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That this act, or any thing herein contained, and fuch orders, or any thing therein contained, (hall not euend, or be conftrued to extend, to prohibit at any time the exportation or carrying out of fuch and fo rpuch of any fuch provifions, vi&uals, and other articles of food as (half be neceflary to be carried in any (hip or vefTel on its voyage out and home for the fuftenance, diet, and fupport of the commander, mafter, mariners, paflenger?, and others, or for the ufe and fuftenance of the cattle, live ftock, or other animals, on board of fuch (hip or veflel, or for victualling or providing any of his ,Majefty*s (hips of war, or other (hips or vefTels in his Majefty’s lervice, or for vi&ualling or providing any of his Majefty^s forces, foits, or garrifons, or to prohibit at any time the exportation to the Britijh fans, caffes, or factories in Africa, or for the ule of Britijh (hips trading upon that coaft, which have uftnlly been fupplied with the fame from Great Britain, or to prohibit at any time any perfon or perfons from (hipping or putting on board any provifions, vifluab, or other articles of food as aforementioned to be carried coaftwiic, (that is to fay), From any port, creek, or member or part of tne kingdom of Great Britain to any other port, creek, member, or part of [he fame refpedlively, having fuch or the like coafts fufferance, cocquet, or other coaft difpatch for that purpofe j and on fuch and the like fecurity being given for the landing and difeharging the fame, as now is or hereafter may be, by any law or laws, aeft or ads, required in relation to the carrying coaftwife any corn or other articles, or any goods, wares, or merchandizes.

V.	Provided always, and be it further cnafled, That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent evidence from being received to the fatisfadion of the com miffi oners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England and Scotland refpedively, in cafe any (hip or veflel (hall be under feizure by any officer or officers of the cuftoms for having any provilion or victual, or other articles of food as aforefaid, on board, hoard without contrary to the true intent and meaning of any fuch order of <^The°mafterC ^*,s ^3je^Y as aforefaid, or to prevent evidence from being * received in any fuit or information brought for the forfeiture of any (hip or velTel for or on account of any fuch provilion or vidual, or other articles of food as aforefaid being on bbard, in order to (how, from the fmallnefs of the quantity of fuch proviflon or vidua!, or other articles of food as aforefaid, that the fame was on board fucli (hip or veflel without the knowledge and privity either of the owner or mafter, or other perfon having the charge and command thereof, and without any wilful neglecl or default of reafonable care in the difeharge of the duty of fuch owner, mafter, or other perfon having the charge or command of fuch (hip or veflel, and in every fuch cafe, where proof fhall be' fo made refpectively, fuch (hip or VciTcI (hall not be forfeited for or on account of fuch (mail

(jbantity

A (ft not to prevent evidence being received to prove, from the fmallnefs of tlie quantity, that the fame was on

 LjOOQle

i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii HI. c. 3.	921

*3 quantity of provifion or visual, or other articles of food prohibited to be exported or carried out of the kingdom by any fuch order of his Majefty as aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the powers, The powers authorities, provifions, claufcs, matters, and things contained 0,: 32	>

in an a cl patted in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of prefent Majefly, intituled, An aft for the relief of the coajl trade jntoice^for of Great Britain; for exempting certain coajl documents from Jiamp fecuring the duties; for abolifh’mg the bond u hi alls called the Ifle of Man Bond ; rev^fnue and for permitting corn and grain brought coajl wife to be tranjhipped ™ ^[end^to* into lighters, for the pnrpcfc of being carried through the canal from thisatf. the Forth to the Clyde ; and in every other aft of parliament in force on and immediately before the patting of this adt, by which any conditions, rules, regulations, or reftridtions were made, efta-blifhed, or directed, or any powers, authorities, or provifions were made for the better fecuring the revenue of cuftoms, or for the regular importation into or exportation from Great Britain, or the bringing or carrying coaftwife, or from port to port within the fame kingdom*; or the taking and requiring, and putting in ftiit and profecuting any cocquet, bond, or other fecurity given in relation thereto, except where any exprefs alteration is made by this adl, or by any order of his * Majefty ifTued under the authority of this adt, Ihall, and they are hereby declared to be and remain in full force and effedt to the fubjedl of this adl, and to any order i/Tued by his Majefty in purfuance thereof, and to ali ruies, regulations, and reftridlions contained in any fuch order, as far as the fame are applicable thereto, and for carrying the fame into execution as fully and effedlually as if they had been repeated and re-enadled in this adl.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That copies of fuch orders Copies of as Ihall be made by his Majefty in council, for any of the	he

purpofes mentioned in this adl, if made when parliament is	C

fitting, fliall be laid before both houfes of parliament within parliament, three days after the fame vihall have ilfued ; and if made when parliament is not fitting, then within fourteen days after the meeting of the next fettion of parliament.

CAP. III.

An aft to prohibit, until the fir ft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and two, the ufe of corn in dijlilling of fpirits or making ofJlarch.—[December 8, 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to prohibit, for a limited time, the Preamble.

ufe or expenditure ofwheat, b dr Icy, malt, and every jther frt of corn or grain, and of me a/,flour, and bran, in the making or preparing of wort or wajh for the dijiillation of low wines or fpirits, and to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of[larchfrom wheat, or wheat' meal or flour ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi- . ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament 0004	ailem-

, 

 >

926 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgu III. c. 3. [1800.

Until January alfembled, ancj by the authority of the fame, That, from and

<V);nts to^e a^ter Pa^inS	and	urttd	l^e	^	day	fanu<irJ onc

cbitiVied from thoufand eight hundred and two, no low wines or fpirits (hill be

corn or grain,	brewed, made, prepared, extra&ed, or diftilled from any wheat,

£;c. and no	barley, malt, or tilts, or any other fort of corn or grain, or from

made from	an)’ mea^ ^our> or bran, or any mixture with the fame; and 00

v.\‘. t or ftarch (hall be made or prepared from any wheat, or any wheat

v.-.icm fiour. meal or flour.

v, ,10:1S fb dif. II. And be it further enadfed, That if, during the time before ;.rct	limited, any diftiiler or diftillers, maker or makers of low wines

yei ,0 ^ m	or fpirits, or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, (hall brew,

ci»itOviv \\i\cU ul'.'i

contrary to	;	.

t'-.e intentions either ioj home confumption or for exportation, or (ball ufc or

maxe^ prepare, extract, or diftil, or caufeor procure to be brewed, made, prepared, extracted, or diftilled, any low wines or ipiriis.

<V r! rti. ilri’I' ?• eno, d‘VT. ;: r :ol-.. :i.vf the • • r ■ :ec.

' - ’1 be forfeited.

mi::. or cduUi or procure to be ufed or mixed, any wheat, barlev, in dt, or cmci vorn or grain, or any meal, flour, or bran, in any. wort or walh, in order tor the brewing, making, preparing,ex-tradfin;r, or diftilling any low wines or fpirits, or (hall put or lay, or cattle or procure to be put or laid, in any tun, wa(h batch, cafk, crpper, dill, or other vcflil or utenfll, any wheat, barley,

'	malr,	or other corn or grain, or any meal, flour, or .bran, or any

mixture with the fame, for the purpofc of preparing any wort or walh, or for brewing, making, preparing, ext racting, or diftilling any low wines. or (pirits, whether fuch tun, walh batch, cailf, copper, ftill, or other vefl’el or utcnlil, (hall or lhall not hare been or be duly entered at the excifc office, that then, and in each and every of the faid cafes, fuch diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers of low wines or fpirits, or other perfon or perfons a<5Vmg contrary to the directions of this ad, and the perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody or pollcflion any fuch tun, waft batch, cafk, copper, ftill, or other vetTcJ or utenfil, which (hall be made ufe of contrary to the intention of this act, lhall be found, (hall feverally and refpedtively, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds; and all fuch wheat, barley, maJt, and other corn or grain, and fuch meal, flour, and bran, or other mixture with the fame, and fuch wort and waft, low wines and fpirits, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be kizd by any officer or officers of excifc.

Penalty of III. And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or perfons fn-ftarch11* " (hall aPPty> fpend, confume, or make ufe of, or caufe, procure, from wheat, permit, or fuffer to be applied, fpent, confumed, or made ufe of, or wheat any wheat, or any meal or flour ground or made therefrom, for flour, which, t^e purpofe of making or preparing ftarch, contrary to the true Ss^ftnVbe" intent and meaning of this act, the perfon or perfons fo offend-forfeited. ing,and perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody or pofleffion the fame (hall be found, (hall (over and above all other penalties impofed by any act or a&s.of parliament already in force) forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds; and all fuch wheat, wheat meal, flour, and ftarch, together with every vat, trough, or other utenfil or veftcl, in whfch the fame (hall be found, (hall be forfeited, and

the

 v^.ooQle

1800.3 Anna regni quadragefimo primo Georgii fII- c. 3.	927

the fame reipe&ively (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife.

IV.	Ami be it further enadfed, That if any wheat, barley. Wheat, See. malt, or other fort of corn or grain, or any meal, Hour, or bran, J^nhoufe^e {hall, at any time after the expiration of three days after the t0 be forfeited* palling of this act, and during the continuance thereof, be found and alio 200I. in any worknnufe, ftillhouie, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, or any other

place wherein low wines or fpirits, or wort or wafh, (hall be preparing, or lhall be brewed, made, extracted, diftilled, or prepared; or where any ftarch IhnJl be making or preparing, or made or prepared 5 or where any low wines or fpirits, or \vo:t or wafh (hall have been brewed, made, cxtradled, difftiled, or prepared; or where any ftarch lhall ha e been made or prepared ; all fuch wheat, barley, malt, and other corn or grain, and meaj, flour, and bran, fhall be forfeited, and lhall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife; and the perfon or perlons in whole poflciiion fuch workhoufe, flillhoufe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, or place, (hail be, {hall, for every fuch offence refpeclively, alfo forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds.

V,	And be it further enacted. That during the time herein- Perfons au-before limited, it (hall be lawful for any perfon or perfons, who commiffiouers (ball be authorised for that purpofe by the commilfioncr9 of ex* within the li-cife for the time being, or any two or more of them, within the mits of their limits of the chief office of excife in London, or by one or more office, juftice or juftices of the peace in any other part of Great Britain, ^

at any time or times, with any o/ftcer of excife, to enter into any othtr part, workhouie, flillhoufe, ftorehoufe, warehoufe, or any other place may, with an whatfoever, wherein any low wines or fpirits, or wort or walh, o/frerrot ex-or ftarch, lhall be or are fufpeded to be preparing, or to be brewed, workToulcs^t0 made, or extracted, diftilled, or prepared ; or wherein low wines to ln|pJ^ or wort or walh lhall have been made, brewed, extracted, diftilled, materials and or prepared, or ftarch (hall have been made or prepared, after uteniils; amt the paffing of this aeft, and (hall have free admittance into the fame, and may infpect all the materials, veftels, and utenfiis co™ &c As therein contained, (giving thereby as little interruption as may mixed with be to the bufinefs which lhall be carrying on); and in cafe any any material fuch officer of excife (hall-have reafon to fufpedt that any wheat, barley, malt, or other corn or grain, or any meal, flour, or bran, fogofftarch,"* is mixed in any wort or wath, or in any other material or prepa- he may take a ration for brewing, making, extracting, or diftiliing low wines or (ample, fpirits, or making or preparing of ftarch, it lhall be lawful for fuch officer or officers, at any time or times during the faid term, upon payment of two (hillings and fixpence, to take a fample, not exceeding rwo quarts, of any fuch wort or wafh, material, or preparation, which (hall be found in any fuch houfe or other place aforefaid : and in cafe any diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers Penalty of of low wines or fpirits, or maker of ftarch, or the owner or occu- *00!. for pier of any fuch houfe or place, or any workman or fervant any fuch diftiller or diftillers, maker or makers, or owner or oc- allowing a cupier belonging, (hall refufe to admit fuch perfon or perfons as (ample to be {hall be fo authorifed, or any officer or officers of excife, info any taken.

ittch i

 VjOOQIC

Corn. Sccr% found, may be fu/ed, with the vetlUa. *

928 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Geoegii III. c. 3. [1800.

fuch houfe or place, or (bail obftruft or hinder any fach officer or officers, or perfon or perfons, in making fuch infpeftion as afore-faid, or if any fuch iliftiller or difliliers, or maker or makersof ftarch, (hall not allow any fuch officer to take fuch fample, after the kid fum of two (hillings and fixpence (ball be paid or tendered for tlie fame, every fuch diilillcr or maker of low wines or fpirits, or maker of ftarch, owner or occupier, (hall, for every fuch offence refpe&ively, forfeit and pay the funr of two hundred pounds ; and it (hall be lawful for any fuch officer of excife, or other perfon or perfons suthorrfed as aforefaid, having a warrant for tliat purpofe from any two or more of the commiflioners of excife, or any jufticc or juftices refpeftively as aforefaid, to feize, take, and carry away all fuch wheat, barley, malt, and other corn or grain, and all fuch meal, flour, and bran as (hall be found in any fuch houfe or other place, together with all the veflels, facks, bags, and other rhings in which the fa id commodities (hall be contained.

VI.	And whereat there may have been controls made bj diftillers and makers of low wines and fpirits, or makers of ftarch, with /event! ferfins, for fpirits, grains, yea ft, or ftarch, to be delivered and recent! at future times, after the paffuig of this aft; be it therefore enafted, That all contraftsor bargains made by any diftiileror dillillcrs,

finreh durin or ma^er or makers of low wines or fpirits, or maker or mate ihc co^ithiu- of ftarch, with any perfon or perfons whatfoever, for any fpirits, ance or this	grains, or yea if, or ftarch, to be delivered at any time during the

continuance of this aft, (lull be and are hereby declared to be wholly void.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That in cafe hisMa-jefty, at any lime or time* after the puffing ot this aft, (hall in

the ufc of bis royal diferetion judge it to be moft for the benefit and advan-vbeat, 8cc. in tage of this kingdom, to permit the uie or expenditure of wheat, ih [till at ion, or barley^ malt, or anv other fort of corn or grain, or any meal or flour ground therefrom, in the making or preparing of wort or wa(h for the making or extracting of fpirits, or for the making of ftarch, then it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majeliy, by his royal proclamation or proclamations, to be iffued by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his Majefty’s order in council, to be publHhed in the London Gazette from time to time, to permit and fuffier all and every perfon and perfons, natives and foreigners, (but not any particular perfon or perfons), at any time or times after the puffing of this aft, to apply, /pend, confume,or make ufeof wheat, barley, malt, or any other fort of corn or grain, or any meal or flour ground or made there-from, the brewing, making or preparing of wort or wa(h for the making or extracting of fpirits, or the making of ftarchj any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That if any diftillcr, or homed for ex- diflillers, who fhall have depofited any fpirits drawn or made in port.;!ion,may Great Britain from corn, before the paffing of this aft, for exportation to parts beyond the leas, according to the rules, regulations, and provifiorts of an aft made in the fccond year ot

hit

Contras for delivery of fpirits, or

a it, fhall ue void.

His Majefty may authorife at any time,

making of JUrch

Spirits from corn ware-

: taken out tor home

 UooQle

i8oo.] Anno rcgni quadragcfuno primo Georgii III. c. 3.	929

. his prefent Majefty’s reign, amongft other things, for better confumption, a* regulating and encouraging the exportation of Briti/h inadt ^t^,ucato *:*/i fpirits, in any fuch warehoufc as is mentioned in the laid a<£f,

:s /hall be deftrous of uling any fuch fpirits for home confump-

* a tion, and fhall fignify fuch his, her, or their defire, to the .ct commiffioncrs of excite in England and Scotland refpctfivcly for

t the time being, the faid reflective commiffioncrs refpe&ively

*	11 /hall diredY the quantity of fpirits fo de/ircd to be taken out i:i% of fuch warehouse, and delivered to fuch diftilier or diftillers,

•i he, (he, or they having nrft duly paid to the proper officer or

officers of excife, a duty of cxcife at and after the rate of eighry-. -1 feven pounds and ten (hillings for each ton of fuch fpirits,

.. j calculating and computing the fame at the ftrength of one to . :j .ten over hydrometer proof, any acf of parliament to the con-trary thereof notwithdanding ; and the money arifing from the ^ Yaid duly (hall be paid into the receipt of his Majertv’s exchequer, and carried to and made part of the confolidated fund.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon or perfons Penalty of ' ", (hall obftrudt or hinder any officer or officers of excife in the*ooI. for

' r. execution of any of the powers or authorities to him or them °^ccrs^ol^

‘ ^ given or granted by this or any other act or adts of parliament excife-^ relating to (pints, the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, forfeit for every fuch offence, feverally, the fum of two hundred " pounds.

X.	And be it further enadted. That all and every the powers, Powers of is

*	J directions, rules, penalries, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and Car. a. c. 24,

things, which, in and by an act made in the twelfth year of&c^?c^em* the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for taking to ls a * away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights fervice aud purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his MajeJly in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force,

' ? relating to his Majefty’s revenue cf excife, are provided and ^ eftablilhed for managing, railing, levying,-collecting, mirigat-ing or recovering, adjudging or afeertaining, the duties Thereby r' granted, or any of them, (other than in fuch cafes for which .f other provisions are made and preferibed by this act), (hall be praftifed, ufed, and put in execution, in and for the managing,

^ raifing, levying, collecting, mitigating recovering, and paying ; i the excife duty bv this aeft impof.d, and for preventing, dc-

*	'•1 tedling, and puni/hing frauds relating thereto, as fully and

*	^ effedtually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the

-	£ faid powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes,

matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enadted ■ * in this prefent a£t.

^ XI. And be it further enafted, That all fines, penalties, and Recovery and ^ * forfeitures impofed by this aeft, (hall be fued for, recovered, Sjjjjtkfc11 ° •

-	- levied, or mitigated, by fuch means or methods as <my fine,

penalty, or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excife, or by r.tftion of debt,

•r bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of ff record at fFeJiminfler) and that one moiety of every fuch fine,

^	D	PM^SToC

930 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III, c.4. [1800.

penalty, or forfeiture (hall be to bis Majefty, his heirs and fucceiTors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hail in. form, difcover, or fue for the fame.

adio»sti0n	li	furt*;crcna<^c£*t	That ^ any a<^*9n w to (hall

be commenced againlt any perfon or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, fuch aftion or fuit (hall be com-menccd within the fpacq of two calendar months next after the offence (ball be committed; and the defendant or defendants in General iffue. any fuch a&ion or fuit may plead the general ’iffue, and gire this ad and the fpecial mutter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuaoce and by the authority of this a<5%; and if it fhali appear h to hare been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants j and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his adion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement ft>aii be given upon any verdift or demurrer again# the plain-tiff or. plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may Treble cofts. recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.	I

Continuance XIII. And be it further enabled, That this aft (hall commence of aft.	and	take	efte&	as	to	all	fuch	matters and things therein con-

tained, in refpeft whereof no fpecial commencement is hereby directed or provided, from the pafHng thereof until the fell day of January one thoufand eight hundred and two, and may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any aft or afts to be antic m , this feffion of parliament*

C A P. IV. '

An aft far fufpending, until the twentieth day of Auguft m thoufand eight hundred and one, the duties on hops imfcrtdy and for charging other duties in lieu thereof—[Dec. 8, 1800.]

Preamble.

By 17 Geo. 3

WHER.E AS by an aft made in the twenty-feventhyear of the reign of his prefent MajeJly,for repealing the feveroldutuuj c. 13. and cuflovn and excife, and granting other duties in lieu thereof andft

on other purpofe$) a duty of cvjloms of five pounds eighteen falling! ad hops were ten-pence was granted upon rocry hundred weight of hops infntii impofed, :*nd into Great Britain; and byfcr^ralfubjeqvent efts certain other JuM by 39& 40 have been impefed in addition thereto: and whereas by anaflpejfil foch arts as* *•	^ feJjm °f Par^amtntyfuch parts oftbefaid efts os rtieit

relate to the to ike duties on bops imported were fuff ended until the twentiub duties on . day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred: and whereas it is expert bops imported /hat -the fatd duties on hops importedJhould be again jvfptndtdftr 4 unAuf^ilioVftr/^r iimft 6n<l ikat other duties Jhould be granted in heu wrf i8oo.UgU 10* during fuch fufpnifion: may it therefore pleafe your Majcfty that it may be enacted; and be it enafted by the King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament a (fern bled, and by the authority of the fame, Thst, from and after the patting of this aft, fuch parts of the laid ads

is

Such parts fu*penr!ed until Auguft

10j ifco'i.

 CjOO^Ig



. - r*;

:i

t. ;S -.5 *

3

fl

* *1 r*

- *;»»

.../I





,JJr

r f,J

-

-I

/.■



; 1 ,4

y

A

\ i

t

;\>

;f

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimaprimo Georgii I[f. c. 5, 6, 931

as grant any duty or duties on hops imported into Great Britain lhall be, and the fame are hereby fufpended until the twentieth day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and one.	iSoi^in-

II.	And be it further enaded. That until the faid twentieth of Hie" day of Auguft one thoufand eight hundred and one, inftead duties fuf-and in lieu of the faid duties on hops imported, hereby fufpended, pended, there there lhall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the

ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, a dury of cuftoms * fi,tiL*gpcr upon every pound weight avoirdupois of hops imported into pound OI{hops Great Britain, the fum of one penny and twelve twentieth parts imported, of a farthing, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs Somuchof quantity; and that fo much of the faid duties hereby fufpended the duties as became due and payable between the twentieth day of Auguft Jbfpended a< one thoufand eight hundred, and the time of the palling of this ^ween Aug. a&, {hail not be paid or payable; but inftead and in lieu thereof, 2o, i8od, an 1 the duty by this ait granted (hall be paid; and upon the the piffing of payment thereof any bonds that (hall have been entered into this aft, Ihdi for payment of the duties hereby fufpended, (hall be, and the fame are hereby declared to be null and void, and (hall be jjeu thereof, cancelled accordingly in like manner as if the duties hereby the duty here -fufpended had been fully paid thereon.	by granted

III.	And be it further enabled. That the duty by this a& be granted lhall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, paid, recovered, and Duty hereby applied by the fame perfons, in like manner, and under fuch and &c! a* the fame rules, regulations, and reftri&ions, penalties apd for- the duties pit feitures, as the duties on the importation of hops are now hops imported raifed, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and applied, by virtue arV\ow

and in purfuance of the faid a&, palled, in the twenty-(eventh ra,fcd* year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and of any a<St or ads palled fubfequent, or in any manner relating thereto.

C A P. V.

An ad for Continuing, until the expiration of forty days after the com-mencement of the firft feffion of parliament that (hall be begun and Jholden alter the firft day of September one thoufand eight hundred and one, feveral laws relating to the, prohibiting the exportation, and permitting the importation, of corn and other articles of provifion, without payment of duty; to the allowing the ufe of fugar in the brewing of beer, to the reducing the duties upon fpirits, diiiilled from xnelafle* and fug^r; and to the prohibiting the making of low wines or fpirits from wheat, and certain other articles,, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.—[Dec. 8, i$oo.J

A<5ts 39 Geo. 3. c. 87. 39 Sc 40 Geo. 3. c. t8. 6a- $. 7. and at, recited. Continued until forty days alter the firft feffion of parliament held after Sept. 1, 1801. v

N. CAP. VI.

An att for Jhortening, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, the time cf keeping in fteep for malting barley damaged by rain in the late harvefl, — December 8, 1800.]

WHEREAS





952 Anno regni quadrageflmo primo Georgii III. c. 6. [iJco,

Preamble* \ I 7 HERE AS by the laws now in force it is provided, thativm 1	\	V maltjler or maker of malt, during the continuance of the dm

on malt, jhould wet orJeep his barley, or other corn or grain intended to be made into malt, in the ciftcrn, utingfat, or ether VijJJ, Jo as ' the fame Jhould be covered with water, and continue Jo emti . in fuch ciflern, uting-fat, or other vejj'el, for the full [pact of fort] hours from the time of its being firjl wet and covered with water as afore [aid, before he Jhould obtain or take, or draw the water fms the fame \ and certain other provifeons have been made by law ftr enforcing the fame: and whereas a confiderahle quantity of barley was damaging during the late harveft, which cannot be made into god via It if the fame be continued covered with water fir the full fpoct of forty hours j and it is therefore expedient to allow fuch barley to

continue covered with water for a lefs fpace of time, under andfutjed

i reitrifli...................

neglecting to continue it covered with water for forty hours.

.No fuch bar-

to certain rules, regulations, and reftri flions) be it therefore coaled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiriuia! and temporal, and commons, in ^b^dr^Hved T^'s Pre^enl parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the of the allow- fame. That for and during the continuance of this aft, no anceoffour	maltftcr, or maker of malt for home conlumption, wetring

bnfliels in fuch damaged barley, to be made into malt, according to the dama^tril°bav terms aiK* Provifi°ns heretn-after mentioned, (hall be deprived ley, ifovt'or °f t,)c allowance of four bulhels in every twenty, in charging the fa id duties by gauge, either in the ciftern or couch, for or in refped of any fuch barley, nor (hall be fubjeft or liable to any penalty for neglecting or refufing to continue any fuch barley covered with water for the full fpice of forty hours front tbc time of its being firft w;t and cdvOred.

IL Provided always. That no fuch barley fhali be kept foVcntTcd lcL covere(l water for any lefs fpace of lime than twenty hours, than twenty except as herein after provided j and that the malfler or maker of malt for home conlumption, intending to make any fuch barley into malt, (hall, in the notice in writing required by any ad now in force to be given to the officer of excife, Ipccify that the barley mentioned in fuch notice is barley which was damaged in the late harveft ; and the quantity or number of buftcls oi fuch barley intended to be wetted at each fteeping, and for what number of hours the fame is intended to be kept covered with water.

III. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any maltfftr or maker of malt, having given any notice in writing of his intention to wet any fuch damaged barley as aforefaid to be made into malt, (hall not begin to wet the barley fpeciiied in fuch notice, and immediately proceed to cover the whole thereof

hours; and notice to be given to the excife officer of the quantity, and for what time intended to be covered.

If maltiters do n>t begin to wet Inch barley agiee-ably to notice, r a frdh one

I;

lhall be given, with water at the hour or time mentioned in luch notice, or and none (hall within one hour next after the expiration of the faid hour and be wetted but !*mc’ evcr^ notice fhali be, and the fame is hereby between feven declared to be null and void; and every fuch maltiler or maker in the morn- cf malt (hall be obliged to give a frefh and like notice before ing and three or (he (hall befiin to wet any fuch his or her damaged barlcv;

in t hi*	.v'	*	.	°

and no fuch maimer or maker of malt (nail begin to uei any

in the a*ter-nocn, ucr

(hall be wetted

fuch





1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii lit. c. 6.	933

^ fuch damaged barley to be made into malt, but between the more than L hours of (even in the morning and three in the afternoon ; and ,n thre€ no fuch malrfter or maker of malt fhall wet or fteep any fuch pp|injfy 0f ;	damaged barley more than once in three days; and in caie any	l00j‘ *or not

'	fuch maltfter or maker of malt, having given any fuch notice	given frefh

1	which thall become void, (hall neglect or refufe to give a frefh	notice, or nat

*	and like notice, or having given fuch notice or notices and	^ovrT^o^not

’ ^	begun to wet any fuch damaged barley in purfuance thereof, (hall	continuing

neglect or refuie immediately to proceed to cover the whole barleyccmvtd thereof	with water, and to continue the fame fo covered, for agree* hi y to

■ '	the full	fpace of time mentioned in the notice for wetting luch

' *	barley	or (hall begin to wet arty fuch damaged barley at any uetitou:of

other time than between the hours of feven in the morning and th-_ limited ' ■/,t'	three in the afternoon; or if any fuch maltfter or maker of	horns, or

' ^	malt, after the officer (hall have taken an account of the damaged

• v r;	bailey in the cittern, uting-fat, or other wetting place, (hall add	acc<Mintha«

any corn or grain to the damaged barley fo wetted or fteeping,	been takui, or

or (hall wet or deep any fuch damaged barley more than once deeping it &	in three	days, then and in every cafe the maltfter or maker of

: '	malt fo	offending (hall, for each and eveiy fuch offence, forfeit ^vs.

. . .rs the fum of one hundred pounds.

IV. And whereas it may pojflbly happen that fome offuch damaged .ji’*	barley may be in fuch a Jlate as to float on the furface of the water\

-x?,	in the eijiern, uting-fat, or other vejfli wherein fuch barley Jhal■

:$	be weltedfor the purpofe of making the fame into malty mtwithftanding

.;;5	which the fame may, by couching and workings be made into malt, and

. ■?	it is therefore expedient to make fuch firoviflon as is herein-jft er

i directed in rejpett thereof: be*it therefore enabled, Thar when	~

and fo often as any fuch damaged barley (hall float ort the furface w*,en j of tbe water in the cittern, uting-fat, or other veflel wherein taken out or \i	fuch barley (hall be wetted for the purpofe of making the	fame the veil'd (halt

^	into malt, the	maltfter or maker of malt to whom the	fame

j* (hall belong, (hall immediately, on fkimming or taking fuch *xdfe office •f floating barley from and out of fuch cittern, uting-fat, or other miyconvem.

veflel, depofit, put, lay, and fpread the fame in fome convenient cntly gauge ■■ part of his mahhmfe, as near asmay‘be to fuch ciftern, uring-

fat, or	other veflel, and in fuch	a manner and form	that the	for three

* 4	officer	of excife may be enabled	conveniently to take	a gauge hours, on

•• and afeertain the true quantity thereof; and no fuch maltfter or penalty of ^	maker of malt	(hall carry or remove the fame from the	place	l0°*-

j	where the fame	fhall have been fo depofited, put, laid, or fpread,

d’'£	until the expiration of three hours	next alter the proper	officer of

> ^	excife	(hall have taken a gauge	and afeertained the	quantity

*f	thereof; and if any maltfter or maker of malt {lull negled or

^	refufe to depofit, put, lay, and fpread fuch floating barley as

;,f\.	aforefaid, or (hall carry or remove any fuch barley frjm the

f '	place where the fame (hail have been depofited, pur, laid, or

4^	fpread, after the, removal thereof from or out of fuch ciftern,

i:\M	uting-fat, or other veflel, either before the officer of exciie lhall

ff.	have taken a gauge and afeertained the quantity thereof, or

(f	af-er fuch gauge, and before the expiration of three hours Irom

t ■



934 Anno regni quadragefimo primoGEORGii III. c. 6. [1S00.

Officers may take famples.

Penalty of 50I. ’ for reiuial.

Not more than two fample3 to be taken.

An account of damaged barley to be made into malt, to be kept and verified on oath, &c. on penalty of 100L

Miltflers taking f*Ke oAths guilty |>f perjury.

the time of fuch gauge having been taken, then and in every fuch cafe the maltfter or maker of malt fo offending ftall, tor each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one. hundred pounds.

V.	And be it further enacted. That it (hail and may be Jawful to and for any officer of excife, and fuch officer is herebr authorifed and empowered to take at any time or timeu fample or families, not exceeding half a pint, out of any ok parcel or quantity of any fuch damaged barley, in the cuftody or poffeffion of any maltfter or maker of malt, and wetted or intended to be wetted as aforefaid ; and in cafeany fucb makUct or maker of malt (hall refufe to permit fuch officer or officers to take fuch fample or fumples, fuch maltfter or maker of malt f-offending (hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the futn of fifty pounds.

VI.	,Provided always ncverthelefs. That nothing in this id contained (ha!! extend, or be deemed or conftrued to extend to authorife any officer or officers of excife to take more than two famples from or out of any on$ fteeping of barley; any thing therein-before contained to the contrary in anywife notwith-(landing.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That every maltfter tod maker of malt, having given any notice in writing of his, he, or their intention to wet any damaged barley to be made into malt, (hall from time to time keep an account of all the damaged barley which he, fhe, or they (hall from time to time fo wet or fteep, and (hall from time to time enter into a book, or on a paper, to be kept for that purpdfe, an account of the feveral quantities or numbers of buffiels of fuch barley wetted or fteeped by him, her, or them, to be made into malt under Of by virtue of this atf, the time when each fuch quantity was wetted, and the time or number of hours the fame was kept in fteep, and (hall, at the end of every fix weeks, or oftener ii required, by the proper colle&or or fupervifor of excife, deliver fuch book or paper to the proper colleftor or fupervifor oi excife, and at the fame time verify on oath the truth of the entrie made therein ; and alfo that the whole of the feveral quantities of barley fptcihed in fuch account was damaged during the htc harveft (which oath fuch refpedlivc colle&ors and lupervifors are hereby authorifed to adminiftcr); and if any fuch maltffer or maker of malt (hall negledl or refufe to keep any fuch account as aforefaid, or to make any fuch entry or entries as afore- ! faid, or to deliver fuch book or paper to the proper collcdor or fupervifor of excife in manner herein-before drreded, or to verify on oath, the feveral matters and things hcrein-befort I required, and in manner herein-before direded, or (hall make 1 'any falfe entry in any fuch book or paper, then, and in every ; fuch cafe, the maltfter or maker of malt fo offending (hall* ,j for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred 1 pounds; and if any fuch maltfter or maker of malt (hail be con* E vifted of wilfully taking a falfe oath, in any cafe in which in I





' 71

ai

.:n

if

-.zk

■ • ■«

; ; '3

rr*



; rSf



.-•a*

- -;i*

■

■• ■ jf

•





18oo.j Anno regni quadragefimoprimo GEOkGix III. c. 7—9- 935

oath is required by virtue of this acf, he, (he, or they (hall be liable to the pains and penalties to which perfons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury,

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That if any perfon or perfons fnall obftrudt or hinder any officer or officers of excife ohftrudttng in the execution of any of the powers or authorities to him officers, or them given by this act, the perfon or perfons fo offending

(hall, for each and every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

IX.	And be it further enabled. That all fines, penalties, and appilcatiori forfeitures, by this act impofed, (hail be fued for, recovered, Qr penalties, levied, or mitigated by fuch ways, means, and methods, as any

fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be fued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty* s courts of recoid at IVeJlminJler or in the court of exchequer itl Scotland, and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who (hall difeover, inform, or fuc for the fame.

X.	And be ft further ena&ed, Thar this a<ft (hall continue in Continuance force until thf* twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred and one.

CAP. VII.

An aft for continuing and granting to his Maiefty certain duties upon . malt, muni, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thouuod eight hun.act! and one.—[Dec. 8, x8oo.J

CAP. VIII.

An aft for continuing and granting to his Majefty a duty on penfion?, offices and p-rfonal eftates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick up;n Tweed; and certain duties on fugir, malt, tobacco, an I fnuif, for the fervice of the year one thoufand eight hundred and one,—[Dec. 8, iSoo.j

CAP. IX.

yfn aft to explain and amend an aft, made in the tiventy-fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, intituled, An a<ft for the better relief and employment of the poor.—[Dec. 8, 1800.]

WHEREAS by an aft, made in the twenty-fecondyear of	Preamble.

reign of bin prefent Majejly, intituled. An a£t for the better ** Geo. 3. relief and employment of the poor, the jujlices of the peace arec• 83, recited* empowered to appoint one guardian, and no more, for each parsjh defirous of being regulated according to the provijions of the faid aft : and whereas in many parijhes, by reafon of their extent and population, one fuch guardian is not found to he fujfcient for the performance of the duties thereby required: be it therefore enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and bv the authority of the Vojl. XLII.	Ppp	fame*





93^ Anno regni qtiadragefimo primo Georgii 111. c. 9. [1800.

Two jnJHces fame. That if in any parifh which (hall have adopted the provifions niav^ oiilt*	^	ac^>	e'lher	a'on^	or	*n conjunftion with any othc <

additional	parifh, it	(hail be the opinion of two thirds in number and

guardians of	value of	the owners or occupiers of lands, tenements, and

the poor,	hereditaments, qualified as by the fa-id aft is required, who (hall

ad: mTits	Pre^ent at a ptiblick meeting to be called for that purpofe,

being certi- purfuant to.notice thereof given in the church or chapel of the fied in manner (aid parifh, on the Sunday preceding, that one guardian is herein dired- infufficient for carrying into due execution the provisions of the

i^infuffident ^ aC^> an<* lame	cert^c(^ ^Y lw0 or more of the

perfons pretent at fuch meeting, in writing under their hands, to two or more juftices of the peace afting for the diftrift or divifion within which fuch parHh (hall be lituate, together with the names of four or more fit and proper perfons qualified for . the office	of guardian as by the faid aft is required, it (ball and

may be lawful for the faid juftices, by writing under their hands, according to the form preferred in the fcheduleto the . faid ad, to appoint fuch and fo many of the faid perfons to be guardians of the poor within fuch parifh, as they in their dif-cretion (hall think fit, and as (hall be neceffary for duly carrying the purpofes of the faid aft into execution.

II.	And whereas by the faid aft the churchwardens and overftmsf the poor are directed to pay to the guardians of the poor in poriih not united, and to the treasurer in parishes united as therein mentrnl\ fuch fans as may be neceffary for the fupport of the poor in rum therein rnentioned, and the guardians are alfo dire fled to poj to th

- treafurer of the poor houfe the jurns required for the maintenmt cd fupport thereof, which in default of payment may be levied by werroet of diftrefs and fale of the goods of J'uch guardians, under tbt kni tf a juftice of the peace; but no provifidn is made to enforce the fmnrt of the monies directed to be paid by the churchwardens and mrfim Guardians of aforefaid: be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be law* monthly*? ful for the guardians of the poor present at a monthly meeting meetings,with held according to the direftions of the faid aft, with the appro-approbation bation of the vifitor, who (hall fign the fame, to make an order of the vifitor, on the churchwardens or overfeers, or colleftor of the poor’s order^n th” ratcs* f°me or onc °f them, for fo much money as (hall be churchwar- neceffary for the purpofes of the faid aft; and if the church-dens, or oyer- wardens or overfeers, or perfon or perfons to whom the order fecra. See. tor fhaf| be dire&ed, (hall negleft or refufe to pay the fame to the asihaU°bey treafurer or guardian to whom the fame is made payable, within neceffary for feven days after it (hall be demanded, it it (hall be lawful for the purpofes any juftice of the peace within the divifion or diftrift, upon of recited ad. proof made on oath 6f fuch default, to iffue his warrant tor In default of levying the faid ftims by diftrefs and fale of the goods and Sce^ayVevv chattels °f the faid churchwardens and overfeers, or orlier perfon it by diftrcfsl or perfons, in like^ manner as by the faid aft is provided in calc of non-payment by the guardians of the poof.

III.	And whereas by the faid aft no prcvifkit is made for tit appointment of a treafurer, in the cafe tf a fmgle parifh adapting it regulations of the faid aft, although from its population it may he fad

mtjfst)

\\

tii

i)

v

c

t

1;

a

F

ft

u

t

a

8

i

c

I 1

(

t

' t

' 1 4

i

c

c

1

t

r

i|

Cl

0;

or

th

th

!

10

V

k

or

to

 L^ooQle

1800.] AimoTegni qnadragefimo primo GeorgiiIII. c. 16,	937	'

mcejfary and convenient: be it further enaftcdl That it fhall and Two juftices

-	c; may be lawful for any two juftices for the diftnet or divifion within m*Y* .on aP"

1 which any fuch parifli fhall be fituate, to whom the expediency appoint^

. !* of fuch appointment fhall be made appear, by application from ttvafurer for • two thirds ip number and value of the owners and occupiers of a fingle pari fit*

-	5 lands, tenements, and hereditaments, qualified as by the faid ^Q^e^ecdinsr

ad is directed, to appoint a treafurer for the poor houfe in fuch l0j;	°

ri pari(h, with a falarv not exceeding ten pounds, according to the form preferibed in the fchcdulc to the faid ad, in the cafe of * r-i united parifhes.

:i* ' IV. And be it further ena&ed, That any perfon aggrieved by Perfons . the act of any juftice or juftices of the peace out of feilions, in aggrieved may ^5 and concerning the execution of this adf, may appeal to the next f>oi general quarter feflions of the peace for the county, riding. ft^on8. **

. *r liberty, divifion, precind, or ciiftrict wherein fuch ad was done, r i! giving eight days notice thereof to the party againft whom the o complaint fhall be made, and giving fecuriry by recognizance to ' „ -I be acknowledged before a juftice cf the peace, with a fulficient . furety to pay the cofts attending fuch appeal, if the matter fhall '•* ^ be determined againft: the appellant; and the juftices at fuch quarter feilions are hereby aurhorifed to hear and determine fuch appeal, and to award fuch cofts for or againft the appellant,

' f as they fhall fee juft caufe lb to do, which determination fhaJl be ' ^ final, and fhall nor i.e removed by Certiorari.

rtf V. And be it further enacted. That this ad lhall be deemed Publicka$.

^ and taken to be a publick ad, and (hall be judicially taken notice ' 4 of as fuch, ly all judges, juftices, and other perlons whomfo-ever, without fpeciaily pleading the fame.

- A



*

* /. Z't



4

. ■* *

A

■. ■/

r

4

CAP, X.

An aft for granting bounties on the importation of wheat, larky, rye, cats, peafe, beans, and Indian corn, and of barley, rye, oat and Indian meat, and wheaten flour and rice.—[Dec. 15, 1800. ]

WHEREAS it is expedient that encouragement jhould be given. Preamble* for a limited time, to the importation into this kingdom of wheat, barley, rye, oati, peafe, beans, and Indian corn, and of barley, rye, oat and Indian meal, and of wheaten flour and rice: may it therefore plcafe your Majefty that it may he enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majdly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firft day of December one Bounties fliafl thoufand eight hundred, and until the firft day of Ofiober one thoufand eight hundred and one, there fhall be paid and allowed 0n foreign * upon all foreign wheat, parley, rye, oars, and Indian corn and wheat, &c. meal, of any fuch corn or grain, and upon all peafe and beans, wheaten flour and rice, imported or brought into this kingdom 0^eti‘ch *** Before the firft day of Oftobcr cne thoufand eight hundred and belonging to one, in Britijh fhips or vdlels, or in fhips err vcflcls belonging ftates in amity . to perfons of any kingdom or ftate in amity with his Majefty, j?18

p p p 2	however	m	je

 VjCjO^l^



Bounties to be regulated according to the average prices in the Gazette, the third week

938 , Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. to.

however the fame may be navigated, the feveral and refpe&it bounties herein-after mentioned, and fuch refpe&ive bounties (hall be payable and paid upon the feveral terms and conditions herein-after particularly and refpeftively fet forth is to each of fuch articles.

II.	And be it further enafted, That the feveral and refpe&ive bounties granted by this aft upon wheat, barley, rye, oats, peafe, and beans, and upon the meal of barley, rye, and oats refpeftively, (hall be regulated and paid according to the te-fpeftive average prices, afeertained according to the provifions of this aft, of foreign wheat, barley, rye, oats, peafe, and beans, Particles. *n tendon, which (hall be publifhed in the London Game in the third week after the entry of the wheat, barley, rye, oats, peafe, or beans, or any fuch meal as aforefoid, upon which any bounty is claimed under this aft. wheat, barley,	And }t furt^er enafted, That, from and after the hid

rye, oats, firft day of December, there (hall be paid and allowed on every peafe, and quarter of foreign wheat, weighing four hundred and twenty* beans, four pounds weight avoirdupois or upwards, which dull be imported into Great Britain, a bounty equal to the fum by which the faid average price of foreign wheat in London, pub-lifhed in the London Gazette in the third week after the importation of fuch wheat, (hall be lefs than one hundred (hillings quarter 5 on every quarter of foreign barley, weighing three hundred and fifty-two pounds weight avoirdupois or upwards, which (hall be imported as aforefaid, a bounty equal to the fum by which the average price of foreign barley in London, publiibd as aforefaid, (hall be lefs then fifty (hillings per quarter; on every quarter of foreign rye, weighing four hundred and eight pounds weight avoirdupois, which (hall be imported as aforefaid, a bounty equal to the fum by which the average price of foreign rye in London, publifhed as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than fixty-fire (hillings per quarter; on every quarter of foreign oats, weighing two hundred and fixty-four pounds weight avoirdupois or upwards, which (hall be imported as aforefaid, a bounty equal to the fum by which the average price of foreign oats in Lnh, publifhed as aforefaid, (ball be lefs than forty (hillings per quarter, on every quarter of foreign peafe which (hall be imported is aforefaid, a bounty equal to the fum by which the average pric^ of foreign peafe in London, publifhed as aforefaid, (hall be lets than feventy-five (hillings per quarter; and on every quarter of foreign beans which (hall be imported as aforefaid, a bounrr equal to the fum by which the average price of foreign beans in London, publifhea as aforefaid, (hall be lefs than fifty (hillings per quarter.

Bounties on IV. And be it further enafted, That, from and after the firil wheaten flour, day of December one thoufand eight hundred, there (hall be pa/d barley am* a^ovvcc* uPon foreign wheaten flour, (other than aid meal, rye ^ except American flour), and upon all foreign barley meal, rye meal, and oat meal, and oat meal, imported as aforefaid, fuch and the like meal.	bounties	in	every refpeft as are by this aft before granted on

foreign

 LjOOQle

i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo'GEOEGii III. c. io. 939

foreign wheat, barley, rye, and oats refpedively; and that for the purpofe of afeertaining and eftimating the faid bounties, two hundred and eighty pounds weight avoirdupois of all foreign flour, upon which any bounty is payable under this ad, (other than and except American as aforefaid), (hall be deemed equal to one quarter of wheat, and one hundred and ninety-fix pounds weight avoirdupois of fuch barley meal (hall be deemed equal to one quarter of barley, and two hundred and twenty-four pounds weight avoirdupois of fuch rye meal (hal! be deemed equal to one quarter of rye, and one hundred and feventy-fix pounds weight avoirdupois of oat meal {hail be deemed equal to one quarter of oats.

V.	And be it further enaded, That no perfon or perfons No bounties (hall be entitled to any of the bounties allowed by this ad to be allowed, on any corn, grain, pulfe, meal, flour, or rice, unlefs the fame (hall be imported or brought refpedively into fome port where imported, " there is a colledor and comptroller of the cuftoras, or into any where there other port that (hall be approved of by his Majefty with the a collector, advice of his privy council.	&c*

V I. Andy in order that the average prices offoreign wheaty barley, rye, oatsy peafe, and beamy may be afeertained and publijhedy for the - purpofes of this afty in the city and port of London ; be it further enabled, That every corn fador, or importer of corn, grain, or	'

pulfe, carrying on his trade or bufinefs in the city of Londony or Londoner in the fuburbs thereof, (hall, within feven days after the paffing the fuburhs, of this ad, or after that time, within three days from the to make the time he (hall begin to deal in the fale of foreign corn, grain, or	**

pulfe, make declaration in the form following; (that is to	9

fay),

* T A. B: do hereby declare, That the returns of the quantities

X and prices of foreign corn, grain, and pulfe, which (hall have been examined and certified as merchantable, and of the refpedtive weights per quarter mentioned in an ad of the forty-firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, [here infert the title oftb$

•afi]y and which henceforward (hall be by or for me fold and delivered during the continuance of the faid ad, (hall, to the beft of my knowledge and belief, contain the whole quantity, and no more, of the (aid foreign corn, grain, or pulfe, bond fide fold and delivered by or for me, within the period to which they (hall refer, with the prices of fuch corn, and the dames of the owner or owners, confignee or confignees thereof, and buyers thereof refpedively; and alfo the names of the perfons who mall have certified the fame together with the date of fuch certificate; and that I will not in any cafe return any prices or quantities more than once for the fame corn, grain, or pulfe, to the beft of my knowledge and judgement, conformable to the directions of the faid ad.9

Which declaration (hall be in writing, and (hall be fubferibed ^hichis to be with the hand of fuch corn fador, or importer of corn* grain, or	to

pulfe, and (ha Jibe by him or his agent forthwith delivered to the mayor, to be

p p p 3	Digitized	by	C^Cjtyg^l^iitered by

of corn returns.

Penalty for not making the declaration.

Com fatftors to make weekly returns to the fnfpttfor, of the quantities of ft-reign

940 Anaoregni quadragefimo primo Georgii UL c. 10. [1S00,

the Infpeftor lord mayor of the city of London for the time being, who is hereby required to grant a certificate thereof, without any fee being paid or payable for the fame, to be regillered by the infpeftor of corn returns ; and in cafe any perfon (hall carry oa the trade or bufiriefs of a corn fa&or or importer without making the faid declaration agreeably to the directions of this a<9, everj fuch perfon (hall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds.

VII.	And be it further enadled, That every fuch corn fador and importer (hall and he is hereby required to return or caufe to be returned, on the IVednefdaj morning, before the hour of twelve tn the forenoon, in each and every week, to the faid infpc&or of corn returns, at his office, an account in writing, in the form in the fchedule to this a & annexed, figned with his

corn fold, &c. own name, or the name of his known agent, of the quantities of each refpe&ive fort of foreign corn, grain, or pulfe, that (hall have been fo examined and certified as aforefaid, and by him fold and delivered during the week immediately preceding fuch JVedfncddj, reckoning fuch week from Sunday to Sunday with the prices thereof, and the amount of every parcel, with the total quantity and value of each fort of corn, grain, or pulfe, with the names of jhe owner or owners, confignee or confignees thereof, and buyers thereof, and the names of the perfons who (hall have certified the fame, together with the date of fuch certificate; and every fuch corn fa&or or importer (hall, for every fuch negleft therein, and every omiffion in any fuch return, and every falfe particular in any fuch return, either as to qualities, prices, or names of buyers, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty pounds.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, -That the faid infpetfor of corn returns fhall duly and regularly enter into a book or book^ to be provided and kept for that purpofc, the feveral accounts ot quantities and prices of foreign corn, grain, and pulfe, received

puhiick with- by him from the refpedlive corn factors or importers, and the put authority, fame (hall not be made publick. or (hewn by the faid im'pcclor, on penalty of or with his privity or content, to any perfon whaefoever, unleis ?c •	the fame (hall be called for or required by the receiver of com

returns, or fhall be required by any order in writing under the hand of the lord mayor, or any two of the aldermen of the faid city, or the corn mi (boners of his Majefty’s cuftoms, or any two or more of them, under the penalty and forfeiture of the fum of ten pounds.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That the faid infpeflor of corn returns dial), and he is hereby required, every week, to nuke up, compute, and diAinguifh, from the returns bv him received purfuant to the directions of this ad in that week, the general aggregate quantity and the price of each refpeclite fort of foreign corn, grain, or pulfe, that (lull have been returned 3$

and keep examined and certified, and fold and delivered in and during the dittina entries week for which fuch returns (hall have been made as aforefaid,

. of returns, in the city of London and fuburbs thereof; aod (hail keep in a

for^ounties	entries	of	all returns of corn, grain or pulfe,

1	that

Penalty for neg'eft.

Jnfpedtor to enter the recounts, which (hall not be made

Infpe&of to m^ke up weekly accounts of the aggregate quantity and price of each iort returned,

k

 LjOOQle

1800.] Anno regni quaclragefimo primo Georoii III. c. io. 941

that (hall have been returned as certified for the purpofe of and tranf-bounties being paid thereon under this a£l, from all other foreign corn returned to fuch infpecdor, under an acf pafled in the thirty- every Friday firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign; and the faid infpe&or to the receiver of corn returns (hall make up and compute the average prices corn r£-. of each refpedive fort of fuch corn, grain, or pulfe, fold am) to’t^riVnit a delivered during fuch week, from fuch corn, grain or pulfe only certificate as fhall have been certified for the purpofe of bounties being paid thereof to thereon, purfuant to the provifions of this atf f and he is hereby tlle collector directed, on the Friday in every week, to tranfmit a copy of the °n London0™* account of the faid average prices to the receiver of corn returns, who is hereby required to enter the fame in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, and forthwith to tranfmit a certificate of fuch average prices of each rcfpe&ive fort of foreign corn, grain, or pulfe, figned by him, to flis Majefiv’s collector or other chief officer of the cuftoms of the port of London^ and caufe a copy thereof to be hung up in fome publick place in the cuftom houfe, to which all perfons may refort; and the payment of the bounties herein-before granted (hall be governed and regulated by fuch average prices, in the manner herein-before directed, until new average prices fhall be made up and computed -in manner by this a& dire&ed ; and fuch receiver of corn returns feto fhall alfo caufe the fame to be publifhed in the London Gazette puhlifhed in on every Saturday night, and (hall alfo tranfmit the fame to the the Gazette feveral and reipedlive colledlors or other chief officers of the^VCIT ^atur-cuftoms at the feveral ports in this a£t deferibed, and the faid refpedive collectors and other chief officers are hereby required to the collec-to receive and enter the fame in a book or books to be kept for tors at the that purpofe, and to caufe a copy thereof to be hung up in P°r*s IP fome publick place in the cuftom houfe thereto belonging, to a c n e * which all perfons may refort; and the payment of the faid bounties, at every fuch port, (ball be governed and regulated by fuch average prices, in manner herein-before dire&ed, until new average prices (hall in like manner be made up and computed, and a certificate thereof fhall be tranfmitted to fuch collectors or chief officers refpedively, and be by them received,

X, And be it further enacted, That in all cafes where any	HPon

wheaten flour imported into this kingdom from America before imjwrtedfrom the firft day of OStober one thoufand eight hundred and one, America, being of the ufual quality of fuperfine wheaten flour, (ball not, upon the firft publick fale thereof by auction in this kingdom, made purfuant to the regulations of this a£t, produce the ium of feventy (hillings per barrel, containing one hundred and ninety-fix pounds weight avoirdupois, there fhaJl be paid and allowed, upon every fuch barrel, a bounty equal to the fum by which the actual price of each barrel of fuch flour fo fold fhall be lefs % than feventy (hillings, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity ; and where any fuch wheaten flour as aforefaid, being of the quality of fine wheaten flour, fhall nor, in fuch publick fale by audtion as aforefaid, produce the fum of fixty-eighrlhiliings per barrel as aforefaid, thereiball be paid and allowed, upon every

Bounty upon Indian corn.

Bounty upon i*k c imported

$4x Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. io. [1800,

fuch barrel, a bounty equal to the fum by which the aftual price of each barrel of fuch flour fo fold (hall be lefs than (ixty-eight (hillings, and fo in proportion for any greater or lefs quantity.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That in all cafes where any Indian corn or maize, weighing four hundred and eight pounds avoirdupois per quarter, mall not, upon the firft publick fale thereof by au&ion in this kingdom, made ourfuant to the regulations of this atft, produce the fum of fifty-five (hillings per quarter, there (hall be paid and allowed, upon ever? fuch quarter, a fum equal to the fum by which the aflual price of each quarter of fuch Indian corn or maize fo fold (hall be lc(s than fifty-five {hillings: provided always, That three hundred and fixry-four pounds weight avoirdupois of Indian meal (hail be deemed equal to one quarter of Indian corn or maize.

XII.	And be it further enafted, That in all cafes where any rice which (hall be imported into this kingdom from him fcoaiAmcrica. before the firft day of October one thoufand eight hundred and one, (hall not, upon the firft publick fale thereof by auction in this kingdom, made purfuant to the regulations of this ad, produce the fum of thirty-five (hillings per hundred weight, there (hall be paid and allowed, upon every hundred weight of fuch rice, a bounty equal to the fum by which the aflual price of each hundred weight of fuch rice fo fold (hall be lefs than thirty-five (hillings.

Bounty upon XIII. And be it further ena<9ed, That in all cafes whertwj fromThe^Eaft r*cc *mPortec* into this kingdom, in anv fhip which (hall have Jodies. cleared out from any port in the Eafi indies before the firft day of September one thoufand eight hundred and one, (hall not, upon the firft publick fale thereof by audion in this kingdom, at the fales of the united company of merchants of Enfold trading to the Eoft Indies, made purfuant to the regulations of this a£t, produce the fum of thirty-five (hillings per hundred weight, there (hall be paid and allowed, upon every one hundred weight of fuch rice, a bounty equal to the fum by which t« adtual price of each hundred weight of fuch rice fo fold (hall be lefs than thirty* five (hillings.

No bounty to XIV. And be it further enafled,.That no bounty (hall be pad American1 or Paya^e under this ad, on any American wheaten flour, or anr wheaten flour, nec or Indian corn or meal, unlels the fame (hall be fold at public. unlefo fold lick fale by auction in this kingdom, purfuant to the directions of within a li- this a<5f, or at the fales of the (aid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, within two months after the entry thereof at the port of importation, unlefs longer time (hall, under particular circumftances, be allowed by the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms for England or Scstkiid rcfpc&ively for the time being, or any two or mo«e or them. American XV, Provided always, and be it further enaefed, That all flour cx American wheaten flour, or any rice, or Indian corn or muz*, empt from " at any publick autfion purfuant to the direciions of this ad, auction cuty. (halj be exempt from any duty payable on fales by au&ion.

XVI.	Awl

suited time.

i

 LjOoq le

1800.] Annoregnlquadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. io. 943 XVI. And be it further emafted, That the importer or im- Importers of porters, or perfon or perfons a&ing in his or her behalf on the w*\eaten fiour importation of any fuch wheaten flour and rice refpe&ively, lhall, g^c fourteen within forty-two days after the importation thereof, give or caufe days previous to be given, notice by publick advertifement, fourteen days at the publick notice leaft previous to the day of fale of fuch wheaten flour and rice J>f and refpe&ively, fpecifying the time and place of fale, and the quan-| th^cofimSr.0 tity intended to be fold, and (hall all'o give or caufe to be given fioners of the a Similar notice in writing, fourteen days at the leaft previous to cuftoms, &c. the day of fale of fuch wheaten flour and rice refpedtively, to the wno commiffioners of the cuftoms, if in London,, or if not in London,, f^toattend" to the colle&or and comptroller of the port into which the to certify the lame (hall have been imported; and fuch commiffioners, col- p*ices,&e. letior, or comptroller refpe&ively, are hereby refpedlively required to appoint fome officer or other perfon to attend fuch fale, in order that fuch officer or other perfon may certify to the faid commiffioners, or collctftor and comptroller, the prices at which fuch wheaten flour and rice refpc&ivfcly lhall be bona fide publickly fold, and the quantities thereof together with the ftate and condition of the whole, according to the certificate of the perfons who lhall be appointed to infpedt the fame under the authority of this aft.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That Perfons claim-before any bounty lhaM be paid on any wheat, barley, rye, oats, bounties peafe, beans, Indian corn, or any meal, or any wheaten flour on^aththa^ or rice, under the regulations of this aeft, the perfon or perfons the falek were claiming bounty thereon lhall make proof on oath before the bona fidcfalcs. principal officers of the cuftoms at the port of importation, of

the day of the fale of fuch wheat, barley, rye, oats, Indian corn, \ or meal thereof, or of fuch peafe or beans, and that the fale of fuch wheat, barley, rye, oats, peafe, beans, and Indian corn and maize, and wheaten flour and rice refpe&ively, was a fair and bond fide fale, and that there was not any fraud or collufion in the fale of any fuch articles refpedtively, for the purpofes of obtaining the bounties thereon.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled, That the bounty by this How bounty acl granted upon rice imported into this kingdom from the Eaft on rice im-Jndies lhall be paid to the united company of merchants of'SieEaftIndies England trading'to the Eaft Indies, for the purpofe of being (hall be paid, paid over by the faid company to fuch importer or importers

of fuch rice, as lhall he entitled thereto.

XIX.	And be it further enabled, That the faid bounties lhall Bounties to be under the management of the commiffioners of his Majefiy's ^nJpement cuftoms in England and Scotland refpectiveiy, and lhall be paid of the commif-out of any monies in their hands arifing by any of the duties or fiomrs of revenues under their management rcfpe&ively, to the refpe&ive cuftoms. importers or confignees of fuch wheat, barley, rye, oats, peafe,

beans, or Indian corn, or of fuch meal or wheaten flour and rice refpedlively; proyided always, That a due entry lhall be made with the proper officers of the cuftoms at the port into

which





^44 Anno regni qoadragefimo pririto’ Gboroh III. c io. fi8oo.

Entry to be which fuch articles (hall be imported: provided alb, That the made at the colleftor Or other proper officer of the cuftoms of the port pwtatioru"	where fuch articles (hall be imported, do receive full and M-

and proof	faftory proof that the articles for which any bounty herein

given that	allowed is claimed is wholly and entirely without mixtureofany

the articles	other corn or grain; and that in default thereof, the faid boon-

mfxture/° n **es 0,1 apy of them (hall, not, nor (hall any of them be allowed or paid.

«(Tted tcTfiie	And	** farther cnafted, That before any wheat,

jiiiptifted by barley, rye, oats, peafe, beans, Indian corn, or meal nude of the officers barley, rye, oats., or Indian corn, or wheat flour or rice im-of the cuitoms ported or brought into this kingdom for bounty, under the regu-tuf Krfbnsl* la^onsof this aft, (hall be delivered out of the charge of the proper who are to’ officer or offi ers of the cuftoms of the port where the fame certify whe- (hall be refpeftivfty fo imported or brought, fuch articles re-ther they nre fpeftively (hall be carefully and attentively infpeded and breacl	exarn>ne(U and fuch wheat, barley, rye, oats, and Indian com

*	* and maize, weighed by fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms u

the commiftioners of the cuftoms in England and refpeftively (hall think fit to direft for that duty, and two in-different and difintcrefted perfons, experienced in the nature of the article to be fo infpefted and examined; which two indifferent and difinterefted perfons (ball be appointed for that pur-pofe by the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in for the port of London f and by the collector and comptroller or other head officer in any other port of importation deferibed in this aft, in England or Scotland refpeftively, fubjeft neverthelcts in every fuch cafe to the controul and approbation, confirmation '	or removal, of any fuch perfon or perfons appointed in any fucii

port or ports aforefaid, by the commiffioners of his MajeiVs cuftoms in England' and Scotland refpeftively, whenever they (hall think fit; which faid officer or officers of the cuftoro$,and two indifferent and difintcrefted perfons (o chofen asaforeftid, {halJ, upon having viewed the fame, and having weighed fuch quantities and proportions of any wheat, barley, rye, oats, or Indian corn and maize, as theymay think Efficient for afeertaining the average weight thereof, certify and declare, upon their corporal oaths firft adminiftcred in the port of London by feme perfon authorifed by the commiffioners of the cuftoms tor that purpofe, and in the outports by the colleftor, or in his abfence, by the comptroller or other principal officer of the cuftoms )t 1 the port where fuch articles (hall be imported, (who arc hereby ' authorifed and required to admioifter the famej, whether rhe J faid articles refpeftively. are or are not merchantable, and who* J ther any fuch wheaten Hour is fh-for making bread, and alto f the weight of fuch wheat, barley, rye oats, and Indian com and -maize refpeftively; and fuch officers and perfons refpcctivelv arc £ hereby required to grant fuch certificate upon all corn, grain, h ^ pulfe, flour, and meal, that (ball by them have been deemed : merchantable and in good condition as aforefaid, within two dm << after the fame (hall have beea infpefted by them as aforeh:^

ui *i

 L^OOQle

~:lA ■ :;s\

. *

I* :fl 31

. 3»

..U

J

<

$

$

A

4

V

:P

A

t'

J

i

J

•1

1800.} Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. io. 945

and if the fame (hall appear by fuch certificate to be, merchant^ able, and of the refpedtive weights required by this a£I, where fuch weights are in this a& fpecified, and fuch wheaten flour {hall appear to be fit for making bread, the bounties refpedively granted by this a& (hall be paid and allowed thereon ; but if the fame (hall appear by fuch certificate not to be merchantable, or fuch wheaten flour not fit for making bread, no bounty granted by this act (hall be paid or allowed thereon.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Samples may any fuch officers or perfon or perfons fo appointed as aforefaid, ^Je^to m fhall have any doubt as to the ftate and condition of any fuch afeertain the wheat, barley, rye, oats, or Indian corn or maize, or any meal condition of of any fuch corn as aforefaid, or of any wheaten flour, it (hall be die articles, lawful for fuch officers or perfon or perfons aforefaid, to take a fample thereof, not exceeding a bufhel of any fuch corn, or a peck of any fuch meal or wheaten flour, upon payment of the reafonable value thereof, according to the lart average price of fuch article, for the purpofe of grinding any fuch corn into	*

flour or meal, and making bread thereof, or making bread of any fuch meal or wheaten flour, in order thereby to afeertain the ftate ami condition of the fame, and whether the fame is fit for making bread. ,

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That the faid indifferent Rccompence and difinterefted perfons fo chofen by the faid commiffioners thetofpcc-and principal officers refpeeftively. to infpedt and examine the tors> ^ faid articles, (hall from time to time be paid by an order of , -the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England or Scotland, or any three or more of them, out of any monies in their hands, arifingbyany of the duties or revenues under their management refpe&iveJy, the following fums, by way of recompence or reward for their trouble in fo infpc&ing, examining, and certifying, (that is to fay), The fum of one penny per quarter for all corn, grain, or puJfe, or two hundred and eighty pounds weight avoirdupois of rice, infpected, and examined and certified by them as aforefjid, and fo in proportion for any greater or Iefs quantity, and the fum of one penny per barrel of all wheaten flour infpe&ed, and examined and certified by them as aforefaid, and fo in proportion for any greater or Iefs quantity.

XXIII.	And whereas it may happen that foreign wheats barley, rye, oats, peafe, beans, and Indian corn and maize, imported into this kingdom, may arrive heated and not in a merchantable Jiate and con-dition ; be it therefore enacted. That in every fuch cafe it fhall whea\g°&c be lawful for the owner or confignee thereof, to depofit ^ri>ing not fame in fome warehoufe to be approved of by the collector, or in jn a merchant-his abfence the controller or other head officer of the cuftoms in able (late, the port where fuch corn, grain, or pulfe, fhall be imported, under ^ncT the joint locks of his Majefty and fuch owner or confignee; for ^ and the officers of his Majelty’s cuffoms in the town or port fhall become where any fuch corn, grain, or pulfe, fhall be depofited, fhall merchantable at all feafonable times in the day time permit the owner or con- uUnli^ fignee of fuch corn, grain, or pulfe, by his, her, or theirm c pa *

feryants, ,

' ^.oogle

VrfT-lfi arriving at a port where the

1Yd to one where it is.

Commiflion-

94& Anno regni quadragefimo prirao Georgii III. c. 10.

fervants, to infpeft, and examine, and turn fuch corn, grain, or pulfe, and take all proper fteps for the reftoring the ferae to a merchantable condition; and the owner or confignee of ail fuch corn, grain, or pulfe, that (hall, after any fuch cafe as aforefaid, become merchantable, and (hall be certified as fuch in manner by this act directed, (hall be entitled to the bounties by this aft granted, in like manner in every refpeft as if the fame had arrived in good and merchantable ftatc, and fuch bounty fhall be payable and paid according to the average prices pubiirfied in thz London Gazette in the third week after the article upon which any fuch bounty (hall be claimed (hall have been certified as aforefaid.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That if any (hip orveffd has arrived or (hall arrive at any port ih Great Britan, where,

bounty is not according to the regulations of this aft, the bounty is not allowed, allowed may the faid (hip or vend (hall and may lawfully depart from fad port, without moleftatian or hindrance, with the feveral anicles on board, and may carry the fame to any other port of Grot Britain at which the fame may be entered for the bounty, and there enter, land, and deliver the fame, fubjeft neverthelcfs to each and every the rules, regulations, conditions, and reftridions of this aft.

XXV.	And belt further enafted, That in cafe any of the feid

«r$ of cuftoms articles herein enumerated and deferibed (hall be fo imporrrd Jwunhea on or brouS^t from an>' tbc ports or places herein mentioned, articles im- into any of the refpeftive ports herein alfo enumerated, fub-ported before fequent to the time limned by this aft, but before the fifteenth October 15,	day of October one thoufand eight hundred and one, it (lull

of the veffela an“ maX ^ *aw^uI f°r the commiflioners of his MajcIM

cuftoms in England and Scotland refpeftively, to order the bounty or bounties refpeftively to be paid thereon, in like manner a if the faid articles had been imported within the time limited by this aft $ provided proof (hall be made to the fatisfttfion ct the (aid commiflioners refpeftively, that the (hips or veflcls, on voyages, have board of which refpeftively fuch articles (hall be fo imported or arnvert before brought, aftually and bond fide fet fail from fuch refpeck Oaobcr i. p0r|S or places for Great Britain, in fuch time as they mii;

in the ordinary courfe of their voyage, have arrived in Gn,i Britain before the faid firft day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and one, and proof (hall alio be given and entry (hall be made, and the articles infpefted and examined, and certify in like manner as is required by this aft, to authorife th payment of bounty on the faid articles imported within the time limited by this aft: provided always, That nothing in fa In icb. before claufe contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to ac*. September i, riCe imported into this kingdom, in any (hip or veffc] thatM

where ^ave c^earc{* out ^rom anX P011 *n	before	k

the voyage firft day of September one thoufand eight hundred and one, and fhail have that the bounties by this aft; granted on all fuch rke dull be been perform- payable and paid upon all rice imported in any fuch fa orvc^el>in every cafe where the voyage (hall have been per-

K *	fwlOBi

ng f at fuch times that they might, in the ordinary courfe of

Bounty on v imported in vt flHs ..fe.trtd out h\ the Kait

1





Ck v\

S

:■*

*ik

*:it

:}f

>

f’

y,*?

.4

'\4

r.,i

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 10. 947

formed according to the regulations that {hall have been entered m<nt with the into with the court of directors of the faid company in refpedt °f^?u^of fuch voyage.	lrt >rs'

XXVI. And be it further ena&ed, That all forfeitures created Recovery and and penalties inflicted by this act, for offences committed in j*PP.li.c,t,on °f England and Scotland reflectively* (hall and may befticd for, pro- oreilurc* fecuted, and recovered, in any of his Majeftv’s courts of record at IVeJlminper^ or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh, refpedtively, in fuch manner, and by fuch ways, means, and methods, as penalties infli<5ted or forfeitures created in England and Scotland refpe£lively, for any offences againft the laws of cuftoms may now be legally fued for, profecuted, and recovered, and the produce difpofed of in the like manner and applied to the like ufes and purpolcs, unlefs otherwife fpecially provided for by this a<5t.	•

XXVII.	Provided always. That , any penalty or forfeiture

inflicted by this a£fc on any cornfa&or or importer, or on any or anyinfpJc-infpe&or of corn returns, may be fued for and recovered before tor of corn any two juftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, returns, nmy or town, where fuch cornfadtor or importer, or infpecior of corn returns, (hall refide; and fuch two juftices dial!, and they are jufticcg# hereby authorifed and required, if upon due proof and examination of the matter it (hall appear to them that fuch cornfadtor or importer, or infpe&or of corn returns, is guilty of the offence again!! this act then alledgcd againft him, to convidfc him thereof, and by warrant under their hands and’ feals to levy fuch penalty by dilirefs and faie of his goods and chattels ; and fuch pcnaltyihall be applied in manner hercin-before mentioned.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and No bill rtutU

cnadted, That no bill, plaint, or information, (hall be brought he brought or fued forth in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at jjf recorcTfor JVeJlminfter, for any offence againft this ftatutfc, in cafes where offence fuch offences are by this adt cognizable by juftices of the peace cognizable by relating to the fame offences, or any forfeitures or penalties for juftices whote *the fame, but that'the determination of the juftices of the peace	fillalT

in the county where fuch offence or offences (hail be committed, (hall be final to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; any

thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That if any adtion or Limitation <jf fuit lhall be brought or commenced againft any perfon or perfons anions.

for any thing by him, her, or them done, by virtue or in

purfiiance of this ad!, fuch action or fuit (hall be commenced

within three months next after the matter or thing done, and

fhall be hid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants

in fuch aflion or fuit fhall and may plead the general iffue, General lffbe-

and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial

to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict fhall pafs

for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall

difeontinue bis, her, or their adtion or adlions, or be nonfuited,

or

,y





948 Anno regni quadragefimo primo CJjeougii HI. c. [1800.

or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them upon Treble cofts ^cmurrer or other wife, then fuch defendant or defendants (haii have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft Rich \ plaintiff or plaintiffs.

SCHEDULE to which this Aft refers.

Return, of CORN, GRAIN, or PULSE, that has been examined and certified for the purpofe of bounties being paid thereon, which has been fold between Sunday the	and	Sunday	the

Date of the certificate.	By whom certified.	Description jfcorn, grain, or pulie.	Quarters.	Buthels.	Confi»nees or owneis.	Bu>m  names.	Price per quarter.	Ao.Jit.
								

CAP. XI.

An at1 to permit, until the fir ft day a/'Odlober one tkufani hundred and one, the importation of herrings and otterfijb, tit 1 produce of thefijhery carried on in Nova Scotia, New Brunfwid, j Newfoundland, and on the todfi of Labrador, into tlislkglr^ ; without payment of duty.—[December 15, x8oo.]

[c' "1X7HEREAS it is expedient under the frffent circutnfmtu ft VV permit, for a limited timey the importation ofhtrrkgt arj 1 ether fijh, the produce of the fijhery carried on in Nova Scotia, New Brunfwick, Newfoundland, and on the coafi ^/Labrador, tfft Great Britain, in Briti{h-£jn7f JhipSy ownedy navigated) and regard according to lawy without payment of duty; be it therefore eroded by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commote # in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of

"the

 U.ooQle

l8oo/J Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii HI. c. 12. 949 the fame, That* from and after the paffing of this act, it fhall Herrings and and maybe lawful to ami for any perfon or perfons whatever, to import into Great Britain from Nova Scotia, New Brunjhvick, p<n'ted r, 0m Newfoundland, and from the coaft of Labrador, in any Briti/h- A'ovi Scotia, built (hip, owned* navigated, and regiftered according to law, &c*in

any herrings or other fi(h, the produce of the (aid ffiherv, with- vt‘^‘c,s,

i .	&	,	without pay-

out the payment o( any duty whatever ; any thing in any ad or mcnt 0r.L'U[)\

aefs of parliament to the contrary thereof in any w ife notvvith-

ftanding.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enadlcd, That a due Entl7 <*f fudi entry fhall be made of all fuch herrings and other Silh that (hall be imported by virtue of this ad, with the proper officers of WJth the profile cutloms at the port into which the fame (hail be imported; per officers and, in default thereof, the fame dial) be forfeited, and lhall or the cul~ and may be lazed by any officer or officers of 1ns Majesty’s toni8, cuftoms.

III. And be further ena£fcd, That this a3 (hall continue Continuance in force until the fit If day of October one thoufand eight hundred and one.

CAP. XII.

yf/z aft for making better proviftonfor the maintenance of the poor, and for diminifhing the Corfu mpti on of bread corn, by dire fling the manner of applying parif) relief until the fixth day of November one thoufand eight hundred and one, and from thence until the end of fix weeks after the meeting of the then nextfejfwn of parliament. —[December 22, 18^0. j

WHEREAS it is expedient that provifmn Jhould be made for the Preamble.

better adminijlration of parochial relief and for the fubjijlence and fupport of the poor, during the prefent high price of provifons: and whereas the introduflicn of certain articles cf food, at rcafonable prices, will materially contribute to that end, and will Uffm the number and extent oj the applications for parochial >ciif, whereby the prejent burthens on the perjctis contributing to the parochial rates may be de-creafed') be it therefore enabled by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, a,nd commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the refpective juftices of Ju/hcesin the peace, aiding for each divifion and place in England, (hall, as m"etaluUake foon after the palling of this a<5t as conveniently can be done, jnto COniider-and fo from time to time, meet together at fpecial or petty feflions ation the Itate* to be held within the divifions or places for which they refpec- an:i circuzi-tively a£f, and at fuch meetings (hall take into confideration the (late and circumftances of all the refpe&ive parithes and places then- re-within the limits aforefaid, and the Harare, quality, and prices of /pe&ive jurif-the different kinds of provifions, ufually confumcd by the poor dictions, and perfons who have applied or are likely to apply for parochial relief, on account of the prefent icarciry and high price of corn, prfcfs of the or for other caules, and alfo the quality and prices of any other provilions articles of wholefome and nutritious food, which might be pro- coniumed by

cured the poor. »d v	the quality,

^

 '

vide a (lock of provi(ions to be adxi-niftered as parochial relief, and may appoint the

950 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Geo&gii III. c. rz.

and prices of cured for the ufe of fuch perform at reafonable prices, and tht ftibftitutes for means 0f procuring the fame, whereby the confumption of bro: rca t c. or bread corn, in general ufe within thofe parifhcs and places, may be. leffened, and the (late and condition of the poor,

>	particularly	of	fuch as have families of young children, mav t>:

bettered 5 and the faid juftices rcfpcftlrely (hall call before tka the refpeilive overfeers of the poor of the feveral parilhes, tow;-fhips, and places, within fuch divifion or place, and aifo may a before them any other perfons of the fame divifion or plac-. from whom any ufeful or neceflary information refpeciinju matters aforefaid can be obtained, or may require the infpdi1r of any books or papers of a publick nature; and may, wher, neceffary, adjourn themfelves from time to time, each adjournment being for not more than the fpace of feven days, until the feveral provifions of this ad be fully executed, ordeuhe^ver- And be lt father enacted, That it (hall be lawful for ik feers to pro- refpeclive juftices of the peace, or any two or more of then:, aflembled as aforefaid, and they are hereby refpeftively require: (unlefs they fee fufficienc caufc to the contrary) upon due coni* deration, by any writing under the hands and feats of any two cr more of them, to order and diredlthe overfeer or overfeers of tk poor, of every or any parilh, rownfhip, or place, within there-,.	fpeftive divifions 3nd places for which they a<ft, within a time or

and q'ua-	t,mes t0 b®	*n fach °rder, to provide a fufficient (lock of

lity of the * provifions, towards the fupport and maintenance of the perfons to articles, and	whom parochial	relief (hall be given, to be adminiftcredtoto,

a perfon to	either upon fale	thereof at reafonable prices, or by thediftribu-

*,on thereof in lieu of a certain portion of the relief to be bute the fame, according to the directions herein-after provided; and to lim who'(hall be and appoint the kind, quantity, and quality of each and crr> article of food lobe fo provided 5 which articles mayconfilU the diferetion of the faid jaftices, of any kind or fort otwhote and nutritious food, mixed with each other, or unmixed (o:s than and except bread made wholly of wheat or wheaten floe, and other than and except the kind or kinds of bread in commo: ufe, in ordinary .times, within the refpc&ive parilhes and pi.tf to which fuch orders (hall relate); and the faid juftices (balli have authority, whenever they (hall think fit, to appoint a prf; perfon or perfons to prepare, keep, and fell or diftribute, irtf time to time, fuch articles of food as (hall have been profit by fuch overfeer or overfeers, in purtuance of fuch order, tV whofe labour and care fuch reward (hall be paid, or compcnUti* made, as (hall be agreed upon between fuch perfon and fuch overfeer or overfeers, with the confent and approbation of w faid juftices.

III.	And be it further enabled. That in every parifla,townlb 3, or place for which fuch order as aforefaid (hall be made, tbc iad juftices fhaU, at their fpecial or petty feffions, preferibegeneral the overfeers, rules and regulations for the guidance of the overfeer and ottr-and dirc& a feers ia the application <rf the (lock of provifions lo ordered, ^o°LiUQ £‘vmS	thereof	to the refpedive overfeers of the poor, is,

tuck

paid fur his trouble

Juftices (hall prrfcribe rules for the guidance of

 L.ooQle

. A

;73

■ '~J , * %

„ **

- y

■; >;‘

. \^J

' >

. /dl ;i

,. M

'+*

r>r

..-si

r;

.r

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo prime Georgii IIL c. 12. 951

fuch manner as they in their diferetion (hall judge convenient; ‘nAr?,e bya and may from time to time alter and amend the faid rules and o^ale offuch regulations, at fpecial or petty feflions, as to them (hall feem meet, article** giving notice of fuch alteration or amendment as aforefaid; and the faid juflices (hall further, in every fuch cafe, direft and order, that in every cafe where relief (hall have been or (hall be ordered to be given, or (ball be allowed to any poor perfon, or to or in refpecl of his or her family, or any part thereof, a certain portion of fuch relief, no* exceeding the portion herein-after mentioned, (hall be made either by a diftribution of fuch of the feveral articles of food, in lieu of fuch portion of relief, conformably to the faid general rules and regulations, or in fuch proportions as the faid juftices (hall, in and by their order, direct; or where fuch diftribution (hall not be made, then by a fale of fuch of the faid feveral articles, or any of them, to the perfon or perfons obtaining fuch relief, as he, (he, or they (hall choofe, at fuch reafonable prices as (hall be fettled by the overfeer or over-feers, with the confent of two jufticcs of the divifion or place, fuch prices not to exceed the rate of the prime cofl of the articles, and fuch a per centage on the prime coft, over and above the feme, as may be neceflary to defray the charges of fale, fuch per centage to be fixed by the faid juft ices, in contideration of the circumftances attending the purchafe and fale of the faid articles.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the Parochial whole, or any part of the parochial relief ordered or allowed to adminiftered any perfon, or to oc in reipeft of his or her family, may be ad- ,*n articles of miniftered in any of the articles of food, to be furnifhecl in pur- foodinacer-fuance of this a£l, as the cafe may require, in lieu of a fum of tain propor-money equal to the price of fuch articles, as the fame (hall be tl0IU fettled by the refpedfive juflices, and the proportion thereof (hall

be fixed at the diferetion of the refpe&ive juftices, provided fuch proportion fhall in no cafe exceed weekly the value of one third of the parochial relief given to any perfon, or his or her family, fubfifting wholly on parochial relief, or one third of thejoint amount of the weekly earnings of any perfon, and his or her family, and the parochial relief ordered or allowed to him or her, or for or in refpeft of his or her family. •

V.	And be it further enadled, That in all cafes in which any Money given fum or fums of money have been given or bequeathed for the

purpofe of providing bread to be given or diftributed among the be^iflrf-poor of any pari fh or place, it fhall and may be lawful for any buted byorder two or more juftices of the peace aefting in and for the county, oftwojuf-riding, or divifion in which fuch parifh or place (hall be fituated, ticesin bread to direeft fuch diftribution to be made in bread made of the whole ducted. produce of wheat, or in bread ‘made of wheat flour mixed with the flour or meal of any other whoiefome grain, and not in fine wheaten bread : provided always, That the value of the bread fo diftributed (hall be equal to the value of the fine wheaten bread which has ufually been fo diftributed or given.

4VI. And be it further enabled. That it (ball be lawful for any Two juftices Vos,. XUI,	two	auyiniptftor

 

952. Anno regni quadragefmio primo Georgii III. c. u. [1800.

appoi tap-r- two jufticcs of the peace of the divifion or place, at their Jifcre- , ion to n p- ft to infpeft and examine, or to appoint a fit and properperfon pvovhed*8 to	a°d examine, the feveral articles of food provided in

*nd take! purfuance of this aand to take an account, or require the or require the overleer cr overfeers for the time being to render an account to overlecrs to thern^ Qf the kinds, qualities, quantities, and prices of the feveral counVor^he" art,c^es °f f°°d fo provided, and the flock (if any) then in hand, kinds, c111.1l and from time to time to make fuch orders in writing, and fuch lities, nu n- alterations in any former order, as to them (hall feem meet; and titles, and if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully obftru# or hinder any rhe^ftorlTthcn ju^*ce or juftices of the peace, or any perfon authorifed as afore-in hand. faid, in making fuch infpe&ion as aforefaid, or demanding or Pen?.ltvforob- reclu^nS fo make fuch infpeflionas aforefaid,or if any overfeer fir lifting jut- or over(eers (hall not render any account, ora true and faithful tices, or rot account, of the feveral articles of food provided, or of the flock rendering a in hand, every fuch overfeer or perfon (hall forfeit a fum not true account, exceeding twenty pounds nor lefs than five pounds.

VVhcn the VII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, Thatwhen-tlVons ihali cver ju^,ces °f the divifion or place, atfembled at fpecial or have eftabiiih- petty feflions, (hall have diredled and eftablilhed general rules and ed rules, any regulations, for the guidance of the refpeftive overfeers withm one of the their limits, in the diftribution of the articles of food to be pro-orderthe ay 'ided in purfuance of this ad, it (hall be lawful for anyone overfeers to juftice of the divifion or place, by his order in writing, todired, gi ant relief and for the overfeer or overfeers of the parifh, town(hip, or place,

°r Wit^out fuch ^er, to grant relief to the poor by the file or of foodU or the diftribution of food, conformably to fuch roles and regulations, overfeers may and to the true intent and meaning of this ad. do fo,without fucb order.

Firft meeting VIII. And be it further enaded, That the firft meeting of of juft ices to juftices to be held in their refpe&ive divifions and places, in pur-limited time Stance of this ad, (hall not be later than twenty-one days after ?.nd if not fo* the patting of this ad $ and in cafe no fuch meeting (hall be held	J

held in any	within the time herein-before limited, in or for any divifion or I

place, the iuf- jjace, it (hall be lawful for the juftices aflembied at the then quartert lC	next gencral or quarter feflions of the peace, or at any adjourned

ieflions to ex- feflions, as herein-after provided, and they are hereby required to ecute this aft, execute this ad>, and to do all matters and things which ihejufticcs unlefs they al- at fpecial or petty feflions arc hereby authorifed to do and execute, t?mefto the7 un*e^s *n their diferetion the faid juftices at general or quarter fpecial	feflions (hall allow, and they are hereby authorifed, either at fuch 1

liens. ^ feflions or at any adjournment thereof, and fo from time to time, in their diferetion, to allow further time to the juftices to execute the fame at fpecial or petty feflions, within their refpeftive d.vi-

rr r * i fi°nS‘

flffhmr^tem	And be it further enabled. That whenever the jute

it in. onvc-	affembled at the fpecial or petty feflions for any divifion or place

nienttoexe- (hall, for any caufe, have deemed it inconvenient or impracli-cute this aft, cable to carry this a& into execution, in any parifh, towntbip, thc^cfidlfthallor P^ace» Aiali, without delay, draw up in writing \iotiei be tnmfmittcd their hands, a ftatement of the caufc or caufes of fuch non-

cxccuxu

 boogie

1800,] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 12. 953

execution thereof, and tranfmit the fame to the clerk of the to the clerk of peace, or town clerk, of the county, riding, di vifion, city, liberty, or	V	*?.

place, before the next general or quarter feflions of the pence, or of the quarter*C any fuch adjourned feflions; which ftatement (hall be laid before feflions for fuch juftices onthefirft day of holding the faid feflions, or of any detennina-adjournment thereof; and the faid juftices/hall take intoconfidera-tionthecaufe orcaufes foalledged, and (hall adjudge upon and de- be Adjourned termine the fame according to the beft of etieir judgement, and to fuch places (hall make fuch order therein as to them (ball feem meet, which and times as order or orders (hall be revocable from time to time, as cir- 171 bf nc" cumftances may require, by the juftices at any future general or ce 3r*' quarter feflions, or any fuch adjourned feflions, or may be altered or varied by them as (hall be expedient; but which orders, being recorded amongftthe proceedings of the faid feflions as hereinafter dire&ed, (hall refpe&ively be final and conduitve in all other refpe&s, and (hall not be removed or removeable, by any procefs whatever, into any other court, any l^w, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding; and that fo long as this 3ct (hall, in the judgement of fuch juftices, require to be furiher executed in any fuch parifh, townlhip, or place, they fha!! adjourn fuch general or quarter feffions, or (hall appoint from time to time other general feflions to be held at fuch place or places, at fuch time or times as (hall appear to them necefl’ary for the due cxe* cution of this a<51.

X, And be it further enaefted, That the juftices aflembled at Thejn/Hces at their general or quarter feflions, refpedively, to be hclJen in the firft week after the Epiphany one thoufand eight hundred and one, yIOTls fliau are hereby required to adjourn the fame to fome day, not later jcurn it until than the correfponding clay in the enfuing calendar month, and theythinkthc fo from time to time, or from month to month, until the enfuing ^ccu^e^am! general or quarter feflions, to be holden next after the day of *iVe notice of Eaftcr one thoufand eight hundred and one, or until, in the adiournrr.ciit opinion of the faid juftices,* this ad (nail have been executed in fome newf-throughout their refpedive jurifdi6Yions, as far as circumftances will admit, and (hall caule rotice of the time and place fixed for ciaHbflions^ fuch adjourned feflions to be publilhed in fome newfpaper ufually has not been circulated in the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or place; held, fhallgive and in every cafe where a fpecial or petty feflions fhali not have notice to been held in any divifion within fuch county, riding, divifion, toattend^th city, liberty, or place, the faid juftices (hall caufe notice to be fuch papers as given of the time of holding fuch adjourned feflions, to the over- may be ne-(eer or overfeers of the refpedlive parilhes and places within fuch ce^?*rV»;,m* divifion, requiring him or them to attend at fuch adjourned fh^TYce caufe feflions, and may alfo require him or them to bring and lay be- not to CRrry fore the faid juftices, fuch books and papers, of a publiek nature, the	into

as the faid juftices (hall deem neccflary; and whenever the faid execution, or juftices afltmbled at the general or quarter feflions, or any ad-journed feflions, (hall fee caufe not to carry this adl into execu- caufe tion, in any paiilh or placewithin their refpeflive jnrifdidtions, tbeirpioceed-or (hall make gay order in purftiance of this act, they (hall caufe m&s to be reft record of their proceedings to be ma.’e, and the rcfpe&ivc



oruers tranfmiUcd t9



Goog

954 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 12. [1800.

the fecrctiny orders to be filed atnongft the proceedings of the faid fcffions, and of ft ate.	a COpy or COpie8 of all records, orders, and proceedings of the

court of general or quarter fefTions in atiy way touching or concerning this a#, or any of' the provifions thereof, (hall be without delay tranfmitted to his Majefty’s principal fecretary of (late.

The overfeers,	XI. And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful for the

with the con- overfeers of the poor* in any parifti, town(hip, or place, with the ' confcnt of the major part ot the parifhioners or inhabitants of the tJhe^inhabit- ^arnc Par*rti, town (hip, or place, in veftry, or other parilh or pub-ants, or of the lick meeting, for that purpofe aflembled, or with the coofemof fele& veftry the major part of the fele# veftry, where fuch feled veftrv (hall T where choien, ch0fen> for fuch pari(h, townmip, or place, at the ufuat place I !i!ock ofnalr. a of meeting, for that purpofe aflembled, or of the major part of I tide*,dire<5ted fuch of them as (hall be refpeftively fo aflembled, to fumifh a \ to be fnpplied ftock of the like articles of provifions as may have been dire&d ' ^ to be fupplidd by overfeers, for the fupport and maintenance of contract*w?th	P°°r ^ Parl^> townlhip, or place, to any perfon or per-

them for the fons keeping a (hop or (hops, or felling articles of provifions by {ale thereof, retail in the fame parifti, townfhip, or place, if any fuch be there in ffiich a*1**1" re^enti refnling at fome convenient diftance therefrom, ot SS^ be” * any other proper perfon or perfons fo refident, and to contract fold to the pa- with fuch perfons refpe&ively for the adminiftration and (ale of riihioners, at fuch articles of provifions as aforefaid, or to contra# with any not more than fuch perfon or perfons for the furnifhing of fuch article or articles	,

and^reaion!* provifions, to be fold to any inhabitants of the fame parilh,	J

able per cent- townfhip, or place, for themfelves or their families, who dull	1

age to the apply for the purchafe of fuch articles, in a quantity or quantities	>

contraflor. proportioned to the neceffary confumption of his or her family, or their refpeflive families $ and fuch articles (hall be (bid ready money only, and at fuch rcafonable prices as (hall hive been fettled between fuch overfeer or overfeers, and the peribo or perfons entering into fuch contra#; fuch prices in no cafe to exceed the prime coft of the article, and a reafonableper catqt thereon, over and above the fame, fuch per centage to be had, received, and taken by and for the foie ufe and benefit of the perfon or perfons entering into fuch contra#, as a compenfatioa for the labour and care employed in and about the fame, and to be fixed or limited by a contra# in writing, under the hands of the overfeer or overfeers, or the major part of them, and allowed wuheonfent two juft ices of the fame divifion or place, on confiderarion of Ts aforefaid, the circumftances under which fuch contra# (hall be made* and may raife, by a for the better performance of fuch contra#, it (hall be lawful for poor rate,	the faid overfeer or overfeers, with fuch confent as aforefaid, to

Turchafefuch ra*le>	a rate to mac*e ^or l^e rc^ ^e P°°r» as mDc^

itock ^nd C money as will be neceffary to purchafe an adequate ftock of luck

advance the * provifions, or to apply, out of the monies raifed by fuch rates,

fame in pay- ^he requifite fum for that purpofe, and to advance the fame cither

c!rTo the^0^ *n PaYment f°r ("uch articlesof provifions as (hall be fimuflied by

con‘m#or*. fuch overfeer?, or to the perfon or perfons entering into any cod.





i8oo\] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgi* III. c. 12.	955

tra<ft for ftimHhing the fame, in fuch proportions, and to be repaid at fuch times, as (hall be fixed in fuch contrad.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon that If contractor!

fhall, by virtue of this adf, enter into any co\itr2# with any do not overfeer or overfeers of the-poor of any parifh, townfhip, or ^dv^ncTc^Two place, for the furnifhing of any article or articles of provifions as juftices may aforefaid, (hall negleft or refufe to re-pay any fum or fums of order their money, which (hall have been advanced to him by fuch overfeer	*^e

or overfeers, at the time or times fixed in fuch contract for	^

repayment, then on due proof thereof, on the oath or oaths, inefficient, or folemn affirmations, of the overfeer or overfeers of the fame the him due parifh, town (hip, or place, for the time being, that any fum of may be reco-tnoney fo advanced ha:h not been re-paid at the time or times ^onontbc fixed for re-payment thereof, but then remains due, it fhall be cafc#

lawful for two juftices of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or place, in their refpedtive divifions, and they are hereby required, on complaint of fuch ncgleft or refufal, by warrant under their hands and feals, to caufe the goods and chattels of the perfon fo contracting, or which (hall come into the hands of his executors or adminiftrators, vvherefoever the fame can be found, to be feized and fecured; and in cafe the fum of money fo due, or any part thereof, be'not fooner pnid or fatisfied, to caufe the faid goods and. chattels to be fold, to fatisf/ and pay fuch overfeer or overfeers, as well the money fo advanced, as the cofts of fuch feizure, detention, and fa!e, returning the overplus (if any) to the party; and if any part of the monies fhall remain unfatisfied after fuch feizure and fale, the fame fhall be recovered in an aelion on the cafe for money had and received, by and in the name of the overfeer or overfeers of the fame parifh, rownftiip, or place, for the time being, againft the perfon fo contra&irjg, his executors or adminiftrators, which action may be brought in any court in this kingdom holding pleas to the amount of the fum due as aforefaid.

XIII.	And be it further ena£lcd, That if any perfon or If ?nyperfon

perfons fhall, with the confenc of fuch major part of the in- Uiali advance

habitants or feletf veftry affembled as aforefaid, voluntarily

advance, and lend to tire overfeer or overfeers of the poor of the pure hate

any parifh, tov/nfhip, or place, any fum or fums of money of provifions,

towards or for the purchafe of 9 ftock of provifions, to be h thall be

applied for the fupport and maintenance of the inhabitants of r l *n_'	.	.11	c	t	the tale or the

fuch panlh, towntmp, or place, by all or any or the ways art^.jes or

provided by this act, and fhall a^ree to continue fuch lo«n fr0m the poor

for a time to be limited, not exceeding the fpace of three calen- r ites, attne

dar months, or if, at or after the expiration of three calendar

months, or othjer time limited, fuch perfon or perfons' thall

agree to continue fuch loan for a like further period, the fum {uttice of the

or fums fo advanced and lent (hall be repaid at fuch time or place may

times, by the overfeer or overfeers for the time being, out o*

any money in their hands, drifmg from the fale of the faid ^eceflarv

article, or from the rates made for the relief of the poor of each may order a

pari(h, townflbip, and place refpedtivelv; and fuch rates fhall rate to be

*	from	forthwith

 VjOOQlC

the over leers have money, or fufftcient rates ihall have been

railed, or if fr0m time to time (land as a fecurity for fuch re-payment; and in cafe any fum or fums of money fo advanced and lent (bill not be paid and fatisfied at the time or times limited for iuch payment, or within the fpace of twenty days after demand thereof (hall be maJe from fuch overfeer or overfeers, it Ihall or^ri'Timedi.	^or	any one or more the jufticcs of the peace of

ate payment. * the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or place, to furnmoa the overfeer or overfeers who Ihall refufe or neglefl to make fuch payment, find, if neceffary, to order a rate or rate?, for the relief of the poor, to be forthwith made, raifed, and colle&ed by fuch overfeer or overfcers, within the fame pariih, townlhip, or place, for the fpeedy payment of fo much as (ball appear to fuch juftice or juftices to be due to the perfon or perfons advancing or lenaing fuch fura or fums; or if fuch overfeer or overfeers fhall then have monies in his or their hands, or fuificient rates for that purpofe (hall have been made, to order immediate payment to be made of fuch fura and fums refpedlively, together with fuch charges ?s may have been incurred by fuch perfon or perfons, in confequence of fuch refufal or neglctf; and if the overfeer or overfeers (hall refufe or negleft to obey the order of fuch juftice or juflices in

If overfeers do not oi^ey

money may be raiied by d iltrc fs.

The majority of the pariih-ioners, or of thr IcU <5t veftry where chofen, may

rcgar(l to the matters lad before-mentioned, the fum directed to be paid by fuch order (hall be recovered by diftrefs while of the goods and chattels of fuch overfeer or overfeers re-fpe<5lively, together with the cofts attending fuch diflrefs and fale, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That it (hall be lawful for the onajor part of the parifliioners or inhabitants of any par'll, townfhip, or place, in veftry or other pari(h or publick meet; j fo aflembled as aforefaid, or for the major part of the felcd veftry, where fuch felcct veftry (hall be chofen, to nominate

appoint houfe- an(j appoint two or more, according to the extent of tlie panlh, ftnptu adt"	fuhftantial	householders of the faid parifh, lownfldp, or

gratis with place, as are willing to a£l, without fee or reward, to exerciie, the ovukers. conjointly with the overfcers of the poor, all the powers given to them by this ain thofe cafes, in which fuch overliren (hail be empowered by their refpedive veftries or pariih meetings, to provide a flock of provisions for fale to the inhabitants except the powers of making and enforcing the rates to be levied for that purpofe.

XV.	And whereas certain hundreds, towns, and ht, Jar the better maintenance and employment of the poor, been my* rated by virtue cf divers afts of parliament faffedfor that firrftv; a fid hoifes of indufiry have been erctttd therein, under the giciw and management of directors and guardians of the poor: and ink vw certain workhoujes have been ere fled, in purfuance of certain steer efts of parliament, in divers parijhes and places in England tut fiib xorpirated, for the purpofe of maintaining onl fuppsrting ft pr therein, which have been placed under the management cf governor; ir others contracting to fupport and maintain the poor, or mat It urn the ccntroul of the rcfpcffm overfcers of the poqr\ and it u extort

 

. 'Jf

:;3

/3

if

-r *

. ■ j;







A

*:>

i

H, „ •> * ^

I** .,

1#*

1800.] Anno regnt quadragefimoprimo Georgii IfT. c. 12, 957

that the poor received into any fuch houfes of induflry,	work houfes,	'

Jhould be fupplied with provifions, according to the regulations of this a6t\ be it further enabled, That in refpeft of all fuch poor per- Rules for Tons as fhall have been or (ball be received into any fuch houfe carrying this of induftry or workhoufe, the refpeftive dire&ors, guardians ^^itfon wi7h the poor, governors, and overfeers aforefaid, as the cafe may re^eA^the be, (hall have iauthority, and they arc hereby refpedhveJy re-poor m houfes quired to carry this a<ft into execution, in all matters appertaining of induftry, thereto, as fully and effectually, as the juftices qt fpechl or petty *” ,),<1Cc?s *?’ feffions are hereby authorifed in any matter relating to the poor fordid/ who receive relief from the refpcdlive overfeers of the poor; and maintenance, the faid directors, guardians, governors, and others, having the aikhn wotk-guidance, management, or coutroul of any fuch houfe of in- ihouI^1^rc^c^ duftry, or workhoufe, are hereby required, as foon after the of acts of ^ expiration of fourteen days after the paffing of this a<ft as con-parliament, veniently can be done, to provide from time to time a fufficient ftock of wholefome and nutritious food of any kind whatever, which they (hall think neceflary, (other than and except bread made wholly of wheat or wheaten flour), for the ufe, fupport, and maintenance of the poor in their rcfpe&ive houfes of induftry and workhoufes, and to limit and appoint the quantity of each article to be diftributed, daily or weekly, or from time to time, to each poor perfon, and to fet down the kinds and quantity of each kind, fo to be provided and diftributed, in a book to be kept for that purpofe, which books (hall be open to the infpeftion of any juftice of the peace of the divifion or place where fuch houfe of induftry or workhoufe (hall be fuuatc; and the faid dire&ors, guardians, governors, and overfeers,

(hall, at the next general or quarter feffions of the peace to be held for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or place, report their proceedings to the juftices there aflembled, and the caufe or caufes (if any) which (hall have prevented, or are likely to prevent, their carrying this into execution, according to the true intent and meaning thereof, and the juftices, at fuch general or quarter feffions, are hereby authorifed and required to conftder the fame, and to confirm the fame, or to make fuch alterations therein, and fuch regulations in refpecl .thereof as to them (hall feem expedient, and to make an order accordingly, which order (hall be obeyed by the faid directors, guardians, governors, and overfeers refpedtively, as the cafe may require, in all matters and things therein or thereby confirmed or altered, regulated or ordered, under the penalty directed to be inflicted by this a£fc on overfeers for difobedience of the orders of juftices at fpecial or petty /e(lions, or which by law may be inflidied for difobedience of an order of the court of general or quarter feffions, and which order fhall he * revocable from time to time, as circumftances may require, by the juftices at any future general or quarter feffions, or may be altered or varied by them as (hall be expedient; but which orders (hall refpedtively be final and conclufive in all other re-fpeds, and (hall not be removed or removcaWe by any procefs

^<^4	•	what-

, 

 "

9j8

Anno regni quadragdimo primoGEORGii III. c. 12. [1805.

whatever, into any other court $ any law, ufage, orcuflom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Janices in X Vi. And be it further enttfled, That in refpetf of all fuch fpec. il kiTioas perforis belonging to any incorporated hundred, town, or bAj for per- ^iftrift, or to any parifh or pariftes, place or places, where any fon.i vrh.) have Inch houfe of induftry or workhoufe, (hall have been crcded,

net been ivetive•! into fuch iiouks

wurkboules.

B^pences incurred by -ovtrfeers in the execution of this and allowances for infpe&ion of

who ihall require parochial relief, but (hall not have been received into fuch houfe of induftry, or worlchoufe, the judices of the divifion or place, aflembled at their fpecial or petty fefltons, or any two or more of them, (hall have authority to make order for providing food for the faid perfons by the laid directors, guardians,- and overfeers refpeftively, as effectually as they are hereby authorifed to do in other cafes of perlons requiring parochial relief, fubjeft to fuch controul of the joftices, at their general or quarter fefHons, as is herein-before directed in the cafes where this a<ft (hall not have been executed, XVII. And be it further enabled, That fuch charges and expences incurred by any overfeer or overfeers of the poor in the execution of this aift, and fuch moderate allowance for the trouble and lofs of time of fuch overfeer or overuers, or perfons employed in the iufpeclion of fuch proviftons, « (hall be allowed and approved by any two or more juftices of the peace of the divifion or place, /ball be defrayed outot the raw

out of the poor rates.

tovvnfhip, and place refpeftively; which rates they arc hereby

empowered to make, or caufe to be made, whenever the fame

fhall be neceflary, in fuch manner as they are empowered to

make rates for the relief of the poor by any law now in free.

XVIII. And be it further enafled, That it (hall be lawful

for any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, within

whole jurifdi&ion any offence or offences againft tins afttbll

are incurred, be committed, for which any pecuniary penalty (hall be in-

may deter-	curred, or the perfon charged with fuch offence (hall relide,

mine the ^	upor, complaint or information to him or them made, to fum-

matter in a *	. r	.	r ,	,	...	,

fu mm ary way, nnon the party or parties accufed, and alio the witndtes on

and on non- eithec tide, to appear before him or them, at a certain tine

payment m^y anc; p]ace in fitch fummOns to be fpecificd; and upon the <<[>•

JuPiIrcs for olb nets tor v’l .ich peril -

inrapprthend-ing offenders, 8c c.

Se°delrayedt0 ma(^c* or to be	f°r	relief	of	the	poor	for	each	pariCt,

lfue warrants pearance Qf the party or parties accufed, or in default of hi?,

her, or their appearance according to fuch fummons, (ouep'cot being made of the fervice of fuch fummons), to proceed to hear and determine the matter in a fummary way; and upon d e proof ;mde of the offence, either by the voluntary confetuon of the party or parties accufed, or by the o-th of one or nio-e credible witnefs or witneffes, (which oath*or oaths the laid juftice or iuftices is or are empowered to adminiftcr),to canvid the party or parties, and to award and1 adjudge the polities inipofed by thi$ adi, to be paid by fuch offender or offenders, together with rcafonable cofls and charges attending iuchecus'; diion ; and upon nonpayment of the fum fo' awardse.ther immediately, or at fuch time as the faid juftice or jolliers thtri appoint, not exceeding feven dap, fuch juftice or julticcs be ot

wU*n

 (^.ooQle

i

4

4

4

’‘V

J

er



1800.3 Anno regni quadragefimo primo	III.e.	tz9^9

whom fuch convi&ion (hall be had, is or are hereby empowered and authorifed to iflue his or their warrant for apprehending fuch offender; and in cafe fuch offender (hall efcape or go out of the jurifdi&ion of fuch juftice or juftices, it (hail and may be lawful for any other juftice of the peace, of the county or place where fuch offender (hall be found, by indorfement of fuch warrant, to authorife the execution thereof withir. the jurisdiction of fuch juftice > and the juftice or juftices who granted fuch warrant may, upon the offender being brought before him or them, commit fuch offender to fome publick prifon or houfe of corre&ion of the city, county, or place in which fuch offence (hall have been committed, or fuch offender (hall have redded, there to remain, without bail or roainprize, for any term not exceeding one calendar month, nor lefs then fourteen days, from the day of every fuch commitment, unlefs fuch offender (hall focFner pay the fum to be mentioned in every fuch warrant of commitment.,

XIX.	And be it further enabled, That if any perfon or

perfons (hall be fummoned as witnefs or witnefles, to give appetring1^ evidence before any fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, touch- rctuting to ing any matter contained in this ad, and (hall negleft or refufe anfverqutf-to appear at a time and place for that purpofe appointed, withouttlons* a reaionable cxcufe fpr fuch his or their neglect or refufal, to be allowed of by fuch juftice or juftices, every fuch perfon fti3ll forfeit and pay for every fuch offence, any fum not exceeding forty (hillings, nor lefs than twenty (hillings, to be levied and paid in fuch manner and by fuch means as herein-be fore directed with refpebt to other penalties ; and if any perfon or perfons fummoned as a witnefs or witneffes to give evidence as aforefaid, (hall appear at the time and place for that purpofe appointed, but (hall refufe to anfwer any lawful queftions fuch juftice or juftices may think proper to put to him, fuch juftice or juftices may commit every fuch perfon to fome prifon or houfe of correction of the city, county, or place, within the jurjtdidion of fuch juftice or juftices, for anytime not exceeding fourteen days from the time of every fuch commit!.tent.

XX.	And be it further enabted, That the juftice or juftices of Convictions the peace before whom any offender (hall be convicted as afore-

laid, (hall caufe the faid conviction to be made out in the fol- following lowing form of words, or in any form of words to the fame effeft i (that is to fay),

> T>E it remembered, That on this 4To wit, J «£>	day	of	in	the

form*

year

of hismajefty King	A.	B. is convicted before me

(or, us)	one*(0?’,	two) of his Majefty’s juftices of

the peace for the	[as	the	caje may be] for that

the faid A. B. on the	day	of	now	taft	paft,

did, contrary to the ftatute in that cafe ma<]e and provided [cere Jhu the qffinte cgiinjl the a/?], and I (or, wej do declare

ami





and adjudge that the faid A. Ft. hath forfeited the fum« of lawful money of Great Britain, for the (far aforefiiJ. Given under mv band and feal (tr$ our hands & feals) the day and year aforefaid.*

for want of form, or removed into any other court.

Appeal may be made to the quarter feffions.

Con vision to ^n(j	faij jufticc orjuftices before whom fuch conviflion fnJ

theCquartert0 be hacJ’ *ccrt^y the fame to the next general or quartr feifions to be feffions of the peace to be holden for the county, riding, dhi. filed, and (baft fion, city, liberty, or place, wherein fuch conviffion hi nf1^to	an^	kept anion£^ ^1C records of the (aid gened c?

aran ° quarter feffions; and fuch convidlion (hall be good and vslii h *: the hw, to all intents and purpofes, and (hall not be quaUxi fet afide, or judged void or infufficient, for want of form c;,h and (hall not be liable to be removed by any proccfs whatever into any other court, but (ball be deemed and taken to be Em! to all intents and pdrpofes whatfoever.

XXL Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enacled, T>.h all and every perfon and perfons who (hall think him, her, c themfelves aggrieved, by the judgement or determinate 0i any fuch juftice or juftices as aforefaid, in refpeftofsnv pecuniary penalty, may appeal to the juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or place where luca judgement (hall be given, at their then next general or quarter feffions of the peace, unlefs fuch next general or quarter i?to of the peace (hall happen to be holden within fix days not after any fuch con vision; and in fuch cafe fuch perfon or periens may appeal to the next fubfequent general or quarter feffions« the peace which (hall be holden for any fuch county, riding,d:\i-fion, city, liberty, or place ; but no fuch appeal (hall be rece^i, beard, or determined, unlefs the appellant or appellants flu!: fir ft en;er into a recognizance, with two fufficient fureticqlm fuch juftiec or juftices fo convi&ing as aforefaid, in the in of ten pounds each, to appear and profecutc every fuch appeal with effect; and ihejuftkis of the peace at fuch general or quarter feffiens of the peace are hereby authorifed and required, on every fuch appeal being made, and on rcafonablc nor:: theieof given to the orher party, finally to hear anddetenrv. the matter of every fuch appeal, and to make fuch order,uviu awatd fuch cofts therein, as they in their difcretion (hill fit meet; and which faid order and determination (hall befirtlarc conclusive to all parties; and no Ctrtiorari (hallbe allowed to ' remove any fuch proceedings or determination.

XXU. And be it further enafled, That one moiety of tLe penalties by this act impofed (hall, when recovered, go and he paid 10 the perfon or perfons who (hall profecure toconviftia any fuch offender or offenders, »nd the other moiety to the pea: of the pnrifh in which the oiience (hall be committed

18c

fecu

iibci

and

p!»

thr

and

dan:

his

men

l'bif

Hull

asd

X

forci

2nd

An •



w

.Vi

tf th,

t") [•»

Of-,,

ff I

Application of penalties.

Iff

r

r'.i ,

f’-,

Limitation of actions.

XXIII. And be it further enabled, That no perfon (hi!

illfe

fued or profecuted for any thing done in purfuancc and in execution of this aft, after the expiration of fix months from the time when the offence was committed ; and every fuch (uitorpro-

a .





-*>\x8oo.] AnnoregaiquadragerimoprimoGEORoiiIII. c. 13, 14* 961

' ' decution (ball be brought in the county, riding, divifion, city, r • .^liberty, or place where fuch offence (hall have been committed,

# a-tand not elfewherej and every perfon fo fued (hall and may

plead the general iffue (not guilty) and may give this act and General iflue. the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ;

. ,M.and if a verdidl (hail tie found for the defendant or defen-_r<dants, or if the plaintiff (hall become nonfuir, or difeontinue atfion after the defendant (hall have appeared, or if judge-7, ^ment (hall be given upon a demurrer againft the plaintiff or .plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants in every fuch action ‘ ' Jhall receive double cods, and have the like remedy for the fame, Double cotta.

\ as defendants have in other cafes for the recovery of their cods.

. 7 XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this ad (hall be in Continuance force until and upon the fixth day of November one thoufhnd ot' act. r* ' weight hundred and one, and from thence until the end of fix ^weeks after the meeting of the then next fdfion of parliament,

-„and no longer.

CAP. XIII.

7 An a<51 to enable commifiioners to purchafe certain buildings for the accommodation of the two houfes of parliament.—[Dec. 11, i&oo.]

WHEREAS it is neceflary, for the accommodation of the two houfts of parliament, that certain houfes and buildings in Old jTPalace Yard ftiould be purchafed for the publick ufe ; and it is expedient <. that the value of fuch houfes, buildings, and tenements, fhouid be ’ f afeertained by indifferent perfons, without delay. George Dance, Samuel ‘ , Pepys Cockerell, and John Groves efqrs. are appointed commiliioncis "for the purchafe of buildings for the accommodation of parliament, who, if the parties refufe to fell, &c. may require the ffieriff °f Middleftx - to impannel a jury to afeertain the value or the premifes. Upon payment of the fums alleffed, the parties (hall convey tne premifes to the com. mifiioners, and if they cannot make a title, refufe to convey, or cannot be found, the commiflioners may order the money to be paid inro j>the bank, fubjeft to the order of the court of chancery. Alter fuch ^payment into the bank, the premifes (hall veit in his Majelty.

CAP. XIV.

An a<5t for railing a certain fum of money bv loins or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufmd e'gbt hundred and one; and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of pailiament.— [Dec. 3r, 1806 ]

'' Treaftiry may dired exchequer bills, not exceeding 3,500,0001. to be made i our, as pre(bribed by the malt a<5t. Malt «**5t to extend to this, except as u> chirging the bills on that duty and the rate of intereft. Bills not lo be received for any 14x, before Oiffober xo, 180#. How blls ihall be repaid. The bank may advance the money. Monies railed by the duties ' on malt, Scc. c. 7. on penlions, See. c. 8. and 3,500,cool, by this ait , granted (hall be applied as follows: 3,435,0001. for • naval fei vices. 666,oool. for wages of no,oool. men, including 11,696 marines for three lunar months, commencing January x. 1801. 684. oool for their victualling. 1,080,oool. for wear and tear of (hips. 90 oool. for ordnance for ’ fen fervice. 105,oool. for ordinary of the navy. ico,oool. for extraordinary of the navy. 35,000!. for Tick prifoners of war. 4.75,000!. for tranl-port fervice and prifbners of war in health. 457,000b for ordnance tor land fervice. 1,1 + 1,591!. for land fervice. 36a,0554. for 58,518 effective men in Great Britain, Jerfey, Guernfcy, and Alderney, trom December =5,

»tC>30,





962 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 15. [1800.

1800, to March t*, t*oi. 501,486!. for forces in the plantations,k. 374»35ol* !°r the »dhd»* the miners of Cornwall and Devon, atdu? fencibie infantry, no cool, for inertafrd rata of quarteringfol'itna*; allowance in lieu of fmall beer. 127.5ool.for recruiting, comiiigcrcittfjiy and extra feed, ray oool. for volunteer coips. 171,200k for the toroct department. 150 oool. for foreign corps. 35:oool. tor feerrt tmt:. 60,oool. for French emigrants and American loyalilU. S,oool. for vifts-at home. 15 r 6+3I. 16s. 8d. for intend on exchequer bilk, jo,oc& for laying in ftorto ot fiJh.

lfy>

refpe

cap. xv.

An aft for taking an account of the population of Great Britain,# of the iticrejje or diminution thereof—[Dec, 31, iSoc.J

Preamble.

The overfeers of the poor ■ (or in default thereof, fome fubfUntial houfeholdef) of every pariih and place in England, and fuch perfons* as fhall be appointed by tne fheriff deputes, ftewart deputes, and juftices in Scotland, fhall take an account of the number of perfons found within each parifti and place, and

Copies of the a<5t and fche-dules (hall be ti-anfmitted by the King's p. inter totne clerks of the peace and town ckrks in Great Britain ; the the acts to be diitiibuted by them to the juftices, and the fchednles to t be differ ent perfons appointed for England and Scotian ;•

WHEREAS it is expedient to take an mvrt of title* number of perfons within the kingdom of Great Brian, together with the progreffve increafe or dimunition thereof; mar;: therefore pieafe your Majefty that it may becna&ed; and ben. enafted by the King’s moft excellent mujefty, by and with tk ; advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and conn mons, in this prefent parliament a/Tembled, and by the authority of the-fame. That within that part of Great Britain olid ’ England, the refpetfive overfeers of the poor, or in default tbercot, [ fome fubftantial houfeholdcr of every p«rifh, townfliip, m 1 place, and within that part of Great Britain called f fuch perfons as (hall be for that purpofe appointed hr the* fheriff deputes, ftewart deputes, and juftices of the peace, to a<ft in and for every parifh, lhall, at the time and in the nunw herein-after dire&cc), feverally take an account of the nuabc: of perfons who {hall be actually found at the time of ukq fuch accounts to be within the limits of fuch parifhes, tow* (hips, and places refpeftively, and (hall fet down the fever, paiticulars refpedling the fame, according to the form prefer;!# in the Schedule annexed to this act. let down the particulars, according to the form in the annexed fehedi:.

II. And fer the more fpeedy and ttftslual obtaining ff to j accounts, be it further enacted, That a fuflicient number ot | printed copies of this a<ft, and of the fchedule thereto, (hill i | i’oon as conveniently may be after the palling of this ad, k . transmitted by his Majcfty’s printer to the clerics of the rcr. and town clerks of tlie feveral and refpeclivc counties, ftewarre', ridings, divifions, precindls, fokes, franchises, liberties, cir?% boroughs, towns, and counties corporate in Great Britain; u>l that the faid feveral clerks of the peace and town ckrks If, and they are hereby required, with all convenient fperd, t? caufe the fad att to be diftributed amongft the acting jafc'o of the peace within their rdpe&ive limits; and alfo width that part of Great Britain called England, to caufe a lii&t number of the fchedule to this zi\ annexed to be delivered ta the high conftables, or where there are no high confhbta, to fuch other proper officers who have the execution ofpreerro from juftices ot the peace to inferior officers within tistr

rope-

in th fwrt noa and tiom

U

Ent.

ofio

lions pcact lo th or tc or ca cursi

n0:

Phc<

W Over! and one i

fhii

l!P,

tu At 5 and, tit.»

VIT.C*;

P?:io

tor f|

hr,

acc0l

kit,;

n

lAe,'

n.t: an a:

Pref. tii* r



k-i





_ .efpeiHve limits at the Epiphany quarter fefllon9 of the peace ~.n the year one thou and eight hundred and one,* and within that lart of Great Britain called Scotland^ to caufe a fufficicnt •lumber of the faid fcheduJe to be delivered to fuch perfons '* ;md at fuch times as are for that purpofe hercin-after men-

ys:iz III. And be it further enacted, That within thafpart of Great the^fheon* Britain called England, the high constables or other proper (tables (hall, officers fodeferibed as aforefaid, within their refpeclive juriTdic- at the Epi-? ions aforefaid, (hall, at the faid Epiphany quarter fe/Hons of the

t ^eace in the year one thoufand eight hundred and one, purfuant /j.0^,t^cc,vc ^ '■ , 0 the dirctfions afoiefaid, receive from the clerks of the peace clerksof the -"»r town clerks, the faid printed fchedules, and forthwith deliver peace, &c. tjrcaufeto be delivered one fuch fchedule to the redor, vicar, the fchedules, Curate, or other officiating minifter, and one other fuch fchedule delive?cnTto ;	' ,o one of the overfeers of the poor of every parifh, townfhip, or the minifter,

'dace, as well within towns corporate as without, in their re- See. and one ; "^pe&ive limits; and alfo one fuch fchedule to the overfeer oroth?rtoan :	pverfeers of every extra-parochial place within the faid limits ; foM^iaT

1 \nd if there (hall be no fuch overfeer therein, then to fomc houfeholder ' >ne fubftatuial houfeholder re Tiding within the faid parifh, town- of each pari/h *' hip, or extra-parochial place; and thereupon the faid overfeers °»* place, who »r fubftantial houfeholdeis as aforefcid, taking to their afliftance ^aflTfta^ce ■" 'he churchwardens or chapehvardens, fidelmen, parifh cleik, Gfthe . Jnd veftry clerk, (if anv), and employing, if they (hall think churchwar-• it, the conftables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or ether peace Hens,See.upon . .• Officers, for fuch parifhes, townfnips, or places, (fuch ^evera^gQjC^IjJ°e>arl Perfons being hereby required to' be aiding and afliiling therein account of .^or that purpofe), (hall, upon the tenth day of March in the the number ear one thoufand eight hundred and one, proceed to take an of perfons ;ccount in writing of the number of perfons at that time being	themf

: vithin the limits of fuch parifhes, townfliips, and places, refpec- fe]yer8of ively, and inform themlelvcs of the feveral particulars relating certain par-o the matters fpecified in the three fit ft queftions in the faid ticulars, and

■ rhedule, by proceeding together or feparately from houfe to loufc, or otherwife, as they (hail judge expedient for the better ^/[Sj0n8 ac. Execution of this acf, and from luch information lhall prepare cording to the n anfwer or return to the faid queftions, according to the form form in the >refcribed in the faid fchedule, ar.d (hall fign the fame with fchedule. heir names and refpc&ive additions, as fuch overfeers or fub-iantial houfeholders as aforefaid; and the better to enable the faid werfeers or fubftantial houfeholders as aforefaid, to make fuch nfwers and returns, they, and the perfons fo aftifting them as forefaid, are hereby aurhorifed and empowered to a'k all fuch jueftions of the perfons within the faid parifh, townfhip, or ' dace, refpedling themfeives and the number and quality of the jeifons conftituting their refpeblive families, as (hall be neceftary or ftating the particulars required to be ftated concerning Penalty for hem, in the faid anuvers and returns; anti every fuch perfon re (tiling to efufing to anfwer, or wilfully giving a falfe anfwer to fuch	or*v^

[ueftions, or any of them, ihail* for every luch refufal or falfe

anfwer, (wins.





(Usd

anfwer, forfeit a fum not exceeding five pounds, nor kfs this Itior forty (billings, at the difcretion of the jufticc or juftices before J to-whom complaint thereof (hall be made.	j	leers

IV. And be it further ena&ed That the juftices of to J) afori peace, or any two or more of them, within their refpeSier afo*c

Juftices in England fhall appoint a time and place (between the

tor t:

Ah

V

jurifdidlions in England, (hall, at, or fo foon as conveniently nm be after, the faid Epiphany quarter feffions in the year one tho> fand eight hundred and one, appoint a time and place, or oss an(j p]aceSj (which time (hall be not fooner than the tendiirj for the 1 OI^ April, nor ^ater than the thirtieth day oUpril in the yearly curai ovej ft ers or thoufand eight hundred and one, and may be at the Eo/liripar-J or pj houivholders ter feffion if they (hall think fit), for the overfeers of the poor a j fr?e I returnTandtl1 ^evrera* Par^es> townffiips, and places, within their rcfpcdi«j Cu!! anfwers to divifions or limits, or for fuch fubftantial houfeholders as afore-1 a^\v the three hrlt faid, as the cafe may be, to attend them for the purpofe ofttel cue it ion 9	act, with returns and anfwers to the faid three firft qudfaa 0^1

fch^duitR1 and	*n	t0 a& annexed, and caufc notice,

caufc notice thereof'to be given to fuch overfeers and houfeholden rcfpec- \ p!JCl thereof to be tively, according to the form in the fchedule to this ad, sod, dn given to them alfo to the high con (tables, or where there arc no high conb-i con.uhlcs ^ bks, t<3 ot^er Pr0Per officers as aforefaid; and thereupon^ ii.^ and the^ov-r-the faid overfeers or fubftantial houfeholders as afordaid, or • feers, Sec,	fome one of them, in and for every fuch parifh, townlhip, tr

fti;:)! then	place, (ball and they are hereby required to attend thejuifa

dehverreturns cf t^e peace at fuch meeting or meetings refpeflively, and tho

upon oath.

and there deliver to the faid juftices, in writing figned by them-

Juftices (hall receive the anlwers and

01

to K,



felves, a juft and true anfwer and return to the (aid queitions, upon oath, (or being of the people called	on affirma-

tion), as herein-after dire&ed, and the faid high conltafea other proper officers, fo described as aforefaid, fhall, andther are hereby required to attend the faid rcfpe&ive meetings for C4 purpofes herein-after directed.

V. And be it further ena&ed, That the faid juftices ot b peace (hall and ihey are hereby required to receive and nc, return” and al meetings fo to be appointed by them as aforefaid, adminilkr the anfwers and returns to be made purfuant to the direcions oath in the aforefaid, and then and there to admir.ifter to the (aid om-, fchedule, with fcers or fubftantial houfeholders refpeftively, the oath or alnu*i eximin^the t*011 contained in the faid fchedule; and (if they fee caufc} ^7 examine fuch overfeers and houfeholders upon oath or aflb> tion, touching any of the matters contained in fuch qaeiiixj and anfwers, and, if neccflary, to adjourn the faid meeting3 any time or times, not later than the faid thirtieth day x Jpril, and to any place or places, in order that the fa-dr» not later'than may be rendered more complete or fatisfatfory; and April30,1801, deliver fuch anfwers and returns to the rcfpcflive high cm-deliver't^e ^ab,es5 or othcr proper officers as aforefaid. who (halite1 anfwers and upon indorfe on each of fuch returns the name of the couatv, returns to the and alfo of the riding, divifion, rape, wapenuke, lathe, preri, high contta- folce, franchife, liberty, city, borough, town, or county wt-indoi^Uic U	Wherein	the	parifo, townfhip, or place therein m

htti;

fuin

V

S

the

overfeers and houfe-holdei s upon oath, and adjourn their meetings,

1

n,

th5

0! j

hi

Of „

pit!.

fc





 LjOoq le

*;C:rL8oo.] Anno regnt quadragefinio primo Georgii III. c. r£.	965

^rrrrsioned is fituate, and (hall deliver or tranfmir fuch returns, returns, and ’ together with a true and perfect lift of the names of the over- t^th^cV^s*1 ,x eers of every pariih, townfhip, and place, and of the houfeholders 0f the peace ’-iforefaid, to whom fuch fchcduJe fhall have been delivered as and town *

, ^ciforefaid, to the feverai clerks of the peace and town clerks clerks by „;r :or the jurifdi<5tion in which the faid juftices are authorifed to	1*or*'

>cl, at their refpeftive offices, on or before the eighth day of Miniftersin ^SJiday one thoufand eight hundred and one.	transit an

^ VI. And be it further enacted, That every reftor, vicar, anfwer to /purate, or other officiating minifter of every parifh, townlhip, 4th and 5th ' ^ place, (extra-parochial or otherwife), in England* including	,n

' ^'ree chapels, donatives, and peculiars, to whom fuch fchedule JjuCje before "'“hall have been delivered as aforefaid, lhall forthwith prepare an April 30,

*	mfwer or return to the fourth arrd fifth queftions in the faid 1801, to the ‘ "cheduie fet forth, and,(hal), on or before the Thirtieth day of April bjjj’op.

' bne thoufand eight hundred and one, duly tranfmit to the bifliop, fh^^%raiiYVnit *>ithin the limits of whole diocele the faid pariih, townfhip, or the fame, be-‘^lace, is fituatc, which faid bilhops (hall, on or before the eighth fore May 8, rf>Jay of May one thoufand eight hundred and one, tranfmit the l8ohILt? h*8|, ••"ame to the archbilhops of iheir refpe&ivc provinces, and there- j^laid before*

*	jpon the faid archbilhops fhall, on or before the fifteenth day the privy , of May one thoufand eight hundred and one, caufe the fame council be-

be laid before his Majefty’s moft honourable privy council, fore May *5* -'who (hall caufe an abftrnft thereof to be prepared and laid before both houfes of pailiament, within fix weeks after the abtlraft to be -laid fifteenth day of May* or if parliament (hall not be then laid before

•	fitting, within the firft fourteen days of the leflion next en- Parliament

r . r	*	within fix

•	fuing.	^	weeks.

VIL And be it further enacted, That, within that part °f The’flieriff Great Britain called Scotland* the (heriff deputes and ftewart deputes and ^deputes in their refpeftive counties and ftewartries, (hall appoint ftewart ;a time and place, or times and places, (which (hall be on or deputes in before the tenth day of March one thoufaiid eight hundred and ■ one, if circumftances will permit, and not later than the thir- ;n^, Gf the tieth day of rfpril one thoufand eight hundred ai^d one), fur iulUces, on or the juftices of the peace within their refpeftive counties or before March ,ftewartries to hold a meeting or meetings wit.iin their ordinary Jot laterVhan -limits and jurifdiftions ; and that the faid (heulf deputes and April 30,"and ftewart deputes, along with the juftices, any t*vo or more being they together a quorum, (hall nominate and appoint the frhoolmafter, or lhall appoint o:her fit perfon or perfons in each parilh, to take account ^^s°q^ the feverai matters required by this ad ; and the clerks of the ot|ierfit peace are required to deliver rhe faid fchedule to the fchool- perfons to mailer, perfon or perfons fo appointed *, and on the faid tenth day take account of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, or fo foon there- ^Irefthy after as they conveniently can, the fchooim after, perfon °r this aft, and perfons fo appointed, (hall proceed to take account of the number the clerks of of perfons at that time within the limits of their refpeclive the peacelhaU parifties, and inform themfclves of the feverai paiticulars relating to all the matters /pecified in- the „faid fchedule,	perfons	To

proceeding from houfe to houfe, or otherwife, as they fhali judge appointed,

expo who fnall take

 

966 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgh III. c. 15. [18:1

an account of expedient, for the better execution of this afl, and from fc-

IS

ti*e number of information as aforefaid (hail prepare an anfwer or rttnra a

perfons, and _ inform them . felves of certain particulars, and prepare anfwers to que(lions according to the form in the Schedule.

Penalty for refuting to

The iherlff deputes or ftewart deputes fliall

all the faid queftions according to the form prefcribediott faid fchedule, and fliall fign the fame with their names !•: ordinary defignations; and the better to enable them to du: fuch anfwers or returns as aforefaid, they are hereby author^ and empowered to afk all fuch queftions of the perfons wfe their refpe&ive pariflbes, refpe&ing themfelves and the nauV; and quality of the perfons conftituting their refpeflive familits as fliall be neceflary for dating the particulars required to jt ftated concerning them in the faid anfwers and returns ; and err fuch perfon refuting to anfwer,or wilfully giving a falfe anfwcrn w^ifuUy riving flucfti°ns5 or any of them, (hall, for every fuch refufal or fiii falfe anfwcrsf anfwer, forfeit a fum not exceeding five pounds, nor Id's dun far? _ (hillings, at the diferetion of the juftice or juftices before whwi the complaint thereof (hall be made.

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That the fheriff deputes or ftewart deputes for Scotland, within their refpeftive jurif-

j aaj dictions, (hall appoint a time and place, or times and place, appoint a time which (hall not be fooner than the firft day of Jmy nor liter and place (not than the ordinary Michaelmas meeting of the county in the p fooner than .one thoufand eight hundred and one, for the juftices of tie nor laVer than Peace to meet> and the fchoolmafter, perlbnor perfons appointed Michaelmas) by them as aforefaid, to attend at fuch meetings with the reruns for the juftices and anfwers to all the queftions ftated in the fchedule tom to meet, and a& • an(j the faid fheriff deputes and ftewart deputes fb!l caufe notice to be given to them refpeSivcly, for that purpei accordingly, and the juftices of the peace (hall at fuch nwH’ or meetings receive the anfwers and returns to be made a$» faid, and adminifter the oath contained in the faid [choke ;j the fchoolmafter, perfon or perfons appointed to make hi returns as aforefaid; and fuch juftices, if they fee caufc, msv examine, the faid fchoolmafter, perfon or perfons, upon oltf, touching any of the matters contained in fuch quetfa aa anfwers, and (hall indorfe the fame, with the name of it county or ftewartry, or diftrivft thereof, wherein the jnrilii therein mentioned is fituated, and (hall tranfmit fuch rtwras to the feveral clerks of the peace or town clerks, for & _ jurifdkftion in which the faid juftices are authorifed toa:l»oa j or before the twenty-fourth day of OSlobsr one thoufand c£: { hundred and one.	1

the clerks of the peace or town clerks, by 0&. *4» iSoj.	\

IX. And be it further ena&ed, That the feveral acccuatsi , taken in writing by the overfeers and fchoolmatters, orotbe 1 perfons fo appointed as aforefaid, in every pariih, town::,.;, or place within Great Britain, for the purpofe of preparing the aforefaid anfwers and returns, (hall be frfciy kept anJ pr«.^ by the churchwardens or chapel wardens, in fsj.W, and by the fchoolmafter* or other perfons appointed as aforefaid, in in.-k for the time being, of the feveral pariihes, townftups, or }vx

the perfons fo appointed as aforeCiid Ihall attend with returns and anfwers to the queftions, See. which the juftices (hall receive upoa oath, with power to examine the perfons upon oath, and fliall indo* fe the returns, and tranfmit tlieip to The accounts taken throughout Great Biitain for preparing the anlwers aad returns (hall be preserved by the churchwardens, See,

to

to

th;

cal

tin

pe;

on

vei

r?c

tov

trie

ttia

of

digi

of I the' fix

A’;i

'tit

rc:p

)

4

P'o,

kei

tier

tun

tier

tow

to,

hit

the

the'

C*r.-

tor

’'h'j

the

Kfj,

«hilj

^t:e

■t

wi

t:



p;;>

Hr

«U;

fiij];

Vc

 V



TTI?

1* YT.'Z ••• -'ll

.-r5

;;r: * r\"

i860.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 15. 967

■to which the fame relate, and (hall be delivered over by them in England, to their, fucceffors in office refpedtively and,that faid clerks of ^^,3 the peace-and town clerks throughout that part of Great Britain Scotland, and called England\ (hall, on or before the fifteenth day of May one delivered over thoufand eight hundred and one, and the faid juftices of the to their fuc-peace in Scotland (hall, on or before the tenth day of November ^ derkTof ono thoufand eight hundred and one, tranfmit, with all con- the peace, venient fpeed, fuch anfwers and returns as they {hall have (hall tranfmit received in manner aforefaid (together with a lift of the pariffies, the anfwers, townfhips, and places within their refpedtive counties, ftewar- ^retarvof tries, ridings, or divifions, from whence no returns have been itatebyM*y made to them) to the office of his Majeftv’s principal fecrctary 15, igoi, in of ftate for the home department; and that the fame (hall be England, and digefted and reduced into order by fuch officer as fuch fecretary ^sc^land of ftate (hall appoint for the purpofe; and that an abltradt an abftra<5t9 thereof (hall he laid before both houfes of parliament, within of which fhall fix weeks after the faid fifteenth day of May and tenth day of he laid before November refpeftively, or if parliament (hall not be then fitting, within the firft fourteen days of the feftion next enfuing fuch days weeks% refpedively.

X. And be it further' enacted, That there (hall he paid and Perfons allowed for the trouble and expences of the feveral perfons etn-	allow-

ployed in the tranfavftions aforefaid, for every return which fhall ane<? for thtir be fo made and tranfmitted to the clerks of the peace and town trouble and clerks refpe£tively, pursuant to the directions aforefaid, the expences* films following; videlicet, To the clerk of the peace or town clerk, for the return which (hall be made from every fuch parifh, town (hip, or place in Great Britain, the fum of one (hilling ; to the high conftable or other proper officer in England, for the like, the fum of one (hilling and fixpence; to the clerks of the juftices of the peace throughout Great Britain, for the like, the fum of one (hilling: and that the juftices of the peace in England, at their refpedtive Miifummer quarter feffions, in the - year one thoufand eight hundred and one, fhall, and are hereby required to make an order upon their refpe&ive treafurers, to pay the fame out of the rates to be made and collected for the refpe<5\ive counties, ridings, divifions, precindts, fokes, franchises, liberties, cities, and counties corporate, or (hall caufe the , fame to be paid out of the poor rates of and for fuch counties corporate, or places as have no county rates; and that the juftices of the peace in Scotland may, in like manner order the (heriff or ftewart of each county and ftewartry, to pay the (ike fees to the perfons feverally entitled to them in Scotland, which payments they are hereby authorifed to charge in their refpedtive accounts: and alfo, that the faid juftices in England, at their faid Midfummer quarter feffions, or at the Michaelmas quarter ; feffions following, and the faid juftices in Scotland, at their ordinary Michaelmas meetings for each county or ftewartry, tnay and they are hereby required to allow, the amount of any reasonable compenfadon for trouble and expences which they (hall be fatisfied have been bond fide and neceffarily incurred in . Vol. XLII.	R	R R	the





t

f

\

I

1

1

the execution of this aft, by fuch overfeers houfcholders, priSi * clerk, or veftry clerk in England, and by fuch fchoolmaftcr, or other perfon fo appointed as aforefaid, in Scotland; and m order payment thereof to be made by the receiver general of the land tax of and for the county, riding, or other place in or receiver general' of Scotland, (as the calc (hall require),oc: of any money in his hands, and fuch receiver general dull pi) the fame accordingly.

‘ XI. And be it further enafted, That every fuch clerk« the peace, town clerk, high conftable, conftable, tithingimn, headborough, or other fuch officer as aforefaid, and aHoewr fuch churchwarden, chapel warden, fidefman, parifh clerk, vefb clerk, overfeer of the poor, householder, fchoolmafter, or other perfon fo appointed as aforefaid, making wilful default in an/ of the matters required of them refpeffively by this aft, dull, for every fuch wilful default, forfeit a fum not exceeding five pounds nor lefs than forty (hillings, at the diferetion of the juftice or juftices before whom complaint thereof (hall be made.

Penalty on cleiks of the peace, eonftables, churchwardens, over-feer8, fchool-maiters, &c. for wilful default.

Recovery and XII. And be it further enadled, That the feveral forfeitores nenalties0110t anc* Pena^>cs infli&ed by this ad (hall, if not immediate!/ **	* paid, be levied by diftrefs and Tale of the offender's good*

and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and leal of any juftiefe of the peace having jurifdidion where fuch offender (hall dwell, rendering to the faid offender the overplus, if any, after the charge of fuch diffrefs and file (hi!! be de'dufted ; and'in cafe fufficient diftrefs (hall not be fount, then it (hall be lawful for fuch juftice to commit fuch offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or nrnn-prize for a term not exceeding three calendar months, unefc ‘the faid forfeiture and charges (hall be fooner paid; and die faid forfeitures, when recovered in England, (hall be paid, ore half to the informer, and the other half to the faid refpedi^ treasurers, to be applied in aid of the rates aforefaid; and an? perfon (hall be deemed a competent witnefs for the executioncf any of the purpofes of this acl, notwithllanding his paying or loeing liable to pay towards fuch poor rates or county rates; and in cafe the faid forfeitures lhall be recovered in Sctto they (hall be paid, one half to the informer, and the other I to the fheriff or 'ftewart of fuch county or ftewartry, whera; the faid default lhall be committed.

SCHEDULE

 v^ooQle

SCHEDULE.

‘ I.

QUESTIONS to which, by directions of an aft parted in the forty-firft year of the reign of his majefty King George the Third, intituled. An aft for taking an account of the population of - Great Britain, and of the increafe or diminution thereof written z. anfwers are to be returned by the reftor, vicar, curate, or :■ officiating minifter, and overfeers of the poor, or (in default :J thereof) by fome other fubftanrial houfehoider, of every parifh, townfhip, and place (including thofe places alto which are extra-parochial) in jEngland \ and by the fchoolmatters or other perfons t to be appointed under the faid aft for every parifh in Scotland;

:* figned by them refpeftively, and attefted upon oath or * affirmation by the .(aid overfeers, or (in default thereof) by fuch other fubftantial houfeholders as aforefaid in England,

' and by the fchoolmafters or other fuch perfons as aforefaid in Scotland\ for which purpofe they are to attend the juftices of - the peace, within their refpeftive jurildiftions, at fuch times and places as the faid juftices of the peace fhnll appoint, on pain of incurring the penalties impofed by the faid aft for every wilful default or negleft.

ift. How many inhabited houfes are there in your parifh, townftiip, or place; by how many families are they occupied; and how many houfes therein are uninhabited?

2d. How many perfons (including children of whatever age) are there aftually found within the limits of your parifh, townftiip, or place, at the time of taking this account, diftinguiftiing males and females, and exclufive of men aftually ferving in his Majefty’s regular forces or militia, and exclufive of feamen either in his Majefty’s fervice, or belonging to regiftered veflels ?

3d. What number of perfons, in your parifh, townftiip, or place, are chiefly employed in-agriculture how many in trade, manufactures, or handicraft; and, bow many are not comprized in any of the preceding clafles ?

4th. What was the number of baptifms and burials in your parifh, townftiip, or place, in the feveral years 1700,

1710, 1720, 1730, 1740, 1750, 1760, 1770, 1780, and each fubfequent year to the 31ft day of December 1800, diftinguifhing males from females ?

5th. What has been the number of marriages in your parifh, townftiip, or place, in each year, from the year 1754 inclufive to the end of the year 1800?

6th. Are there any matters which you think it neceflary to remark in explanation of your anfwers to any of the preceding queftions ?

RRR2	FORM

 



O

o

eg

FT

FORM of ANSWERS by the OVERSEERS, See. in ENGLAND,

0

To the QUESTIONS contained in the SCHEDULE to an adt, intituled, An aft for taking an account of the popu’athn of Great Britain, ^

and of the increafe or diminution thereof.	£

► r  c	c	o-	■c  t-	ar: bTfOV IiL			QUESTIONS 2d.		
p  V?	a  a.  ti	I			HOUSES.		PtRSONS, including children ot wlwcever age.		Total of PERSONS
	a?  p	?	n						in anfwcr
									to ques-
		o  •		Inhabited.	By hcwm.in; families oc-	Uninhabited.	Males.	Females.	tion 2d.
					cupied.	•			
				*					

QUESTION 3d. OCCUPATIONS.

TOTAL

of

PERSONS.

Pcri'otu chief]f employed in agriculture.

Perrons diicAf employed in trade, minufac tores, or handicraft.

All other perions not comprifcd in the two preceding cliffcs.

tl7u. rfiis column mud correfpond with the total of perfons in iD-fwer to queflioo 90.

<V. If any family occupies tivo

^_____x _____ _	vo	or more houfes in different parijhes, townfliips, or places, the individuals belonging to fueh family an to be >xt

numbered only in tho/e panfhes, t&ounfhipj, or places nvhere they feverally happen to be at the time of taking the account•	£?•

REMARKS, in explanation of the matters Rated in anfwer to the preceding questions.

3

o

ill Qnert'on. ad Qucftion. 3<1 Question.

o

o

ur

Cl

ATTESTATION on oath (cr affirmation) by the OVERSEERS or fubftantiaJ houfehokJers in ENGLANXX tZj

[ A. B. one of the ovrrfter* for a fnbffaruia! houfeholder) of the parith, townfliip,	of	in the county of

do 1'wmi- for affirm)* That the above return contains, to the bell of my knowledge and belief, a full and true anfircr to the M

«*uetr»ons contained in the fchedule to an a<£t, intituled, in att for imking an account of the population of Great Britain, anA of /Ac mcrcafc

•r (St/rtirnttcn thereof.	m

O

The alo'-c-mei»t1ont:«l A. R.	fworn	(or	affirnicd)	befor*	u»	the	juiUcel	of	the	peace	In	and	for	the

this day of

CD. and M£. F.

-	•	*	,.n

rORAf of /IPJSlVjrRS by the CLKRC7YMET* in ENC2LANF>,	~

----------------------------------------------------  oo



FORM of ANSWERS by the CLERGYMEN in ENGLAND,

To the QUESTIONS contained in the SCHEDULE to an afl, intituled, An aft for taking an account of the population of Great Britain,

and of the inereafe or diminution thereqf.

I  1 County, Stc.	Hundred, he.	City, town, Ire.	farilh, he.
I			

P

P

»

QUESTION 4th.

Vctrv

1700 1710

im 1730 1740 1750 1760 1770

1780

1781 l 1582

1783 178*

1785

1786

BABYISMS.

Male*. Females.

BURIALS.

Males. Females

Vears.

1787

1788

1789

1790

1791

1792 179J

1794

1795

1796

1797

1798

1799

1800

BAPTISMS.

Males. Females.

BURIALS.

Males. Females.

QUESTION Sth.					
MARRIAGES.					
Yean.	Number of Marriages.	Yean.	Number *f Marriages.	Yean.	Number of Manages.
1754		1770		1786	
1755		1771		1787	
1756		177*2		1788	
1757		1773		1789	
1758		1774		1790	
1759		1775		1791	
1760		1776		1792	
1761		1777		1793	
1762		1779		1794	
1763		1779		1795	
. J7S4		17H0		1796	
1765		1781		1797	
1766		1782		1798	
1767		1783		1799	
1768		1784		1800	
1769		1765			

CO

o

O

>

a

§

I

|

p

CM

i

•o

3.

§

O

w

o

p

Q

o

o

&

FT

4th Queftfon. $th Quelliun.

REMARKS, in explanation of the matters Rated in anfwer to the 4th and 5th queitiona.

CERTIFICATE or the CLERGYMEN.

IA. B. £rcdor, vicar, curate, or officiating minifter], of the p«ri/h, townfhip, of	in	the	county	of	do	certify,

y That the above return contains, to the belt of my knowledge and belief, a full and true anfwer to the 4th and 5th queftiona 2 contained in the fchedule to an ad, intituled. An aftfor taking an account of the population (/Great Britain, and of the inereafe or diminution -Lthcreof.—A. £.

g*	Witnefs	d	D.	one	of	the	overfeers	[or fubftantial h oufc holder J of the parifh of	this	day	of

U\

sD



VO

I*

FORM of ANSWERS by the SCHOOLMASTERS, &c. in SCOTLAND*

To the QUESTIONS contained in the SCHEDULE to ati a£t, intituled. An a& for taking an account of thepopu'ation of Great Britain,

and of the increafe or diminution thereof

O

o

o

oo

F)

c	LUESTfOX III. HOUSES.		QUESTION 2d.  PERSONS, including children of whatever a^c.	
Inhabited.	By h.nr njmj  families occupied.	Uninhabited.	Male*.	Females.
				

Total of PERSONS hi anlwer to question 2d.

1 - QUESTION 3d.  OCCUPATIONS.		
Perlbn* chiefly  employed-in  agriculture.	Pcrtoiis chiefly employed in trade, manufacture*, or handicraft.	All other perions not cumprilcd in tire tw > preceding claiToi.
		

' TOTAL of

PERSONS.

N. B, Thi» column uwfl cr>rrcfpond witl\ th$ total of perCons in an-fwer to queflion 2d.

to fuck family are to be numbered only in

yfm B> any family occup. et i ms) or mar* hon/es indifferent [>ar Jhe*9	the	individuals belonging to fut

t/vje fanjkcjy (S'c. <wher^ they feveraily happen to be at the time oj taking the account.

remarks, in explanation of the matters ft a ted in anfwer to the preceding queftion*.

Q!i' n on-

.a

%

Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii 111. c. 15. [iS::.



5*

*

ANSWERS to the Fourth and Fifth QUESTIONS.

Yean.

1700 1710 17# 1730 1740 1730 1760 1770 1780 17SI 1782 17RJ 17#*-

1785

1786

BAPTISMS.

Males. Females.

BURIALS.

Males. Females

Years.

17fi7

17sS

ITr/.l

1790

1791 17'^J

i:k;

I7y>*

1797 J796 17*77

1798

1799

1800

BA PTIS MS.

Males. [Female!

BURIALS.

Males. ] Females.

MARRIAGES.

Years.	Number of j Mjrriages.	Years.	Number of Marriages.	Years. j	Number of Man (ages.
17 H		1770		1786	
I7>3		1771		1787	
1776		1772		1788	
17‘>7		1773		1789	
17'.H		1774		1790	
1739				1791	
176<>		1776		• 1797!	
1701		1777		1793	
17<i>		1778		171*	
176)		1779		1793	
17 il		17S0		179(7	
1763		17K1		1797	
1736		1782		1798	
1767		1783		I79y	
1768  17-9	-	17 H4  1783	,	1600	

4th Queftion#

REMARKS, in explanation of the matters ftated in anfwer to the 4th and 5th queftions.

| 5th Quertion.

Certificate of the Clergymen.

JA. B. minifter of thegofpd of the pirifli, fife, of in the > countv of do c rrify, That tne above return contains, to the belt of my knowledge and belief, a full and true anfwer to the 4th and 5th queftions contained in the fchedule to an adt, intituled, An afi for taking an account of the population ofG reat Britain, and of the increafe or diminution thereof.—A. B.

Witnefa C. D. ^Schoolmafter, ifc.'] of the faid parilh, &c. of tins	day	of

O

TO	,

Ail ef at ion on Oath by the Schoolmafer, &c, in Scotland.

I A. B [SchouJmafter, fefr.] of theparifh, &c. of in the * county of do fwear. That the above return contains, to the belt of my knowledge and belief, a full and true anfwer to the queltions contained in the fchedule to an adt, intituled, An aft for taking an account of the population of Great Britain, and of the mertafe or diminution thereof.

The above-mentioned	was	fworn	before	us, the justices

of the peace in and for the of this	day	of

C. D. and £. F.

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgji III. c. 15.	973

974 Anno regni quadragcfimo prirao Georgii III. c. 15. [1800.

II.

FORM of the PRECEPT for giving notice to high con-(tables, overfeers, and houfeholders, in England, of the time and place appointed by juftices of the peace for talcing the anfwers and returns under this‘alt.

The county, f To the conjlable, [tythingman, or htadbmu$\ if

to wit. >	in	the/aid count}.

YOU are hereby required, with all convenient fpeed, to give or caufe to be given notice to the high conftable of the hundred of	and to the overfeers of the poor oferery

parilh, townlhip, or place, within the faid hundred; and i there is no overfeer therein, then to fome fubftantial houfe. holder therein; that they are feverally required to appear at	on	the	day	of	next	at the hoar of

in the forenoon, before fuch of his Majdty’s juftices of the peace as (hall be then and there aflembled, and that the faid overfeers or houfeholders as aforefaid, or fome one of them, for every fuch parilh, townfhip, or place, arc tb and there to deliver upon oath or affirmation, a juft and true account, in writing, figned by themCives, containing aQ aa* fwer to the feveral queftions propounded in the fchedule ton 3<S, intituled, An aft for taking an account of tkt ptyuldt'm tf Great Britain, and of the increafe or diminution thereof. Givw under my hand [or our hands] this	day	of

in the year one tnoufand eight hundred and one.

III.

FORM of the OATH or AFFIRMATION to therctum.

YOU (hall fwear (or affirm) that the anfwers and return now made by ';ou to the feveral queftions contained in the fchedule annexed to an a&, intituled. An aft for taking on ecmt cf the population of Great Britain, and of the .increafe or dimm thereof is a full and true anfwer to the faid queftions, to the beft of your knowledge and belief.

IV.

FORM of INDORSEMENT by the high conftables in England, and by the juftices of the peace in Scotland.

County [or ftewartry] of

Riding, divifion, or diftrift thereof (if any)

Hundred, rape, wapentake, lathe, precintf, foke, franchife, et liberty, of

pity, borough, town, or county corporate, of JParilh, townlhip, &c. of

CAP,

 v^ooQle

lSoo,] Armo regni quadragefimo primo Geqrgii III* c. 16. 975

Jn afl to prevent, until the flxth day of November one thoufand eight hundred and one\ and from thence to the end of fix weeks from the commencement of the ihen next fejfion of parliament , the manufacturing of any fine flour from wheat, or other grain, and the making of any bread Jolely from the fine, flour of wheat \ and to repeal an aCl, paffed in the thirty fixth year of the reign of bis prefent Majejly^ for permitting bakers to make and fell certain forts of breads and to make more effectual provifion for the fame. —[Dec. 31, 1800.]

HEREAS there is jufl ground to exped that the fupply ^P^eamble.

good and wbchfome bread will be materially argmented, and the price thereof reduced, by preventing the cotfumption of bread made from fine flour: be it therefore enaefied by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiriiual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, .That, from and after the feventeenth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and one, in the city of London, or London/or within forty miles thereof, and from and a;ter the twenty- within forty fourth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and one, thereof, in every other part of Great Britain, no meal, the produce of januaryi4 wheat or any other grain, /hall be dreffed, bolted, or manu* in every other fa&ured into any finer defeription of meal or flour than fuch part of Great as fhall be the produce of fuch wheat or grain, drefled, bolted,	nc>

or manufactured by or through wire machines, conftrudted with not more than thirteen wires, of the ufual ar^I known fize, than through weight, and thickncFs, on each fide of a fquare inch, or cloths certain wire correfponding to fuch wire machines, and now ufually called machines or and known as Bight Shillings and Sixpence Seamed Cloths, or p^lty°from patent cloths denominated Number Two> or by whatever other to \0St per denomination, either as to number or price, any cloths cor- bufhel. refponding. to fuch wire machines, in regard to flour to be drefled thereby, may be hereafter known; and if any miller or other perfon (hall, within the time herein limited, drefs, bolt, or manufacture any meal from wheat or other grain, into any finer defeription of meal or flour than fuch as is herein-before deferibed, otherwife than through fuch wires or cloths as , aforefaid, every fuch miller or other perfon fhall forfeit, for every bulhel of meal or flour drefled, bolted, or manufactured, contrary to this atf, a fum not exceeding five pounds nor lefs than ten (hillings for every fuch bufhel, and fo in proportion for every fmallcr quantity.

II.	And be it further enacted. That ho miller or other perfons Nor lhall any (hall, from and after the faid feventeenth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and one, in the faid city of London, or drc/ring within forty miles thereof, or from and after the faid twenty- mcai ot any. fourth day of January one thoufand eight hundred and one in finer comtruc-

CAP. XVI.



976 Anfto regni qukdragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 16. [180c,

herein men-	any other	part of Great Britain, ufe, for the purpofe of dreffing

pen iky of	any mca*	!^c Proc^UCc ground wheat or grain into any kind

1100I. *	of flour,	any wire or 01 her machine or cloth of any finer cod*

*tiru<5lion or defeription than herein-after mentioned, (that is to fay), Than wire machines conftructed with not more than thirteen wires, of the ufual known fize and thicknefs, on each fide of a fquare inch, and fo after that rate for any number of inches of which fuch machines (hall be conftruded, and cloths cor-responding to fuch laft-mentioned wire machines, and now , uftially called or known as Eight Shillings and Sixpmt Sami Cloths or patent cloths denominated Number Twoy or by what* ever denomination or defeription, either as to number or price, * any cloths'corefponding to fuch Laft-mentioned wire machines, in regard to flour to be drefled thereby, may be hereafter known; •and if any miller or other perfon (hall ufe or caufe to be tiled, or knowingly permit or (uffer to be ufed, any machine or cloth of any finer defeription or conftruction than fuch as arc herein-betore deferibed, for ihed reding, bolting or manufacturing any mepl or flour produced from wheat, every fuch miller or other perfon fo ufing fuch machine or cloth, (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of one hundred pounds. From January III. And be it further enacted, That from aud after the 1801, in twenty-fourth day of January one theufand eight hundred and within forty onc> m c,ly London^ or within forty miles thereof, and miles thereof, from and after the thirty-firft day of January one thoufind and from	eight hundred and one in	any	other part of	Great Britai^na

January 31,	rneal or flour Qf auy finer	fort	or defeription	than the meal or

parTof^Gveat ^our all°wed t0 be d relied and manufactured under this aft, , Britain, no lhall be fold or expofed to falc by any perfon whatever (other finer meal or	than and except flour that	(hall	have been <3r	(hall be imported

flour than	into thjs country, and which (hall be fold-in the barrels in which

ihafl be foldCd ^ame be imported) ; and if 2ny perfon or perfonslU (except flour offend herein, he, (he, or they (hall forfeit, ter every buihcl of imported and meal or flour fo fold contrary to this adt, a fum not exceeding . fold in bar- five pounds nor Ids than ten (hillings for every fuch buihcl, ani naltyVromfl. Prc^P0I*l*^n tor every fmaller quamity. to jos. p«.r IV. And be it further enacted, I hat, from and alter the buflid.	thirty-full day of January one thousand eight hundred and on:

in the city of London^ or within forty miles thereof, and from From January and afier the leventh day of February one thoufand eight hua-31,1801, in died and one in any other part of Great Britain^ no perioa or perlons lhall bake, or make for private ufe or for file, or (bill fell or expoie to fale, any bread made from any wheaten meal or flour unmixed, of any finer fort or defeription than the flour allowed to be d 1 tiled and manufactured under this a£fe and if any perfon or perlons (hall offend herein, he, (he,or they lhall ferfe-t for every peek loaf of bread fo baked, made, or fold, or txpc.tJ to falc contrary 10 the provifions herein contained, a fum wt exceeding five pounds nor lefs ‘than ten (hillings, and fo in proportion for every fmaller quantity.

London, or within forty miles thereof, and lrom Feb. 7. in any oth^r part of Great Britain, no prrlbn (hall oakc ior pri vate ufe, or for fale, or

fell any bread made of finer fkur than hereby allowed, on penalty from jltott*

p.ck loaf.

V. A:;i





i3oo.] Anno regni quadrageftmo primo Georgii IIL c. 16.	977

V. And be it further ena&ed, That, from and after the foid From January twenty-fourth day of 'January one thoufand eight hundred and	e

one, it (hall be lawful for the court of lord mayor and alder- andaidermea, men of the city of London, or for the lord mayor tor the time and from that being, and they are hereby required, and from and after the fai(i oate within twenty-fourth day of	one	thoufand eight hundred and one, London and

within forty miles of the city of London, and from and after the from jaiunry thicty-firft day of "January one thoufand eight hundred and one, 31, in tvery in every other part of Great Britain, it (hall be lawful for any other place, court, or perfon or perfons authofiled to fee any affize or price of wheaten bread, to fet, afeertain, and appoint, when and fo often pe,fon> may as they (hall from time to time think proper, the price of all the ut the price wheaten bread made of the fined: fort or description of wheaten upon the hneft flour, allowed by this a& to be drelled and manufactured, and	totwf

upon no other fort or defeription of bread, whether wheaten or ^ on made from other grain mixed or unmixed, which (hall be made fu> other, ac-ibr falc, or ex poled to fale in any place or places or diftriet within cording to the their jurifdi&ion; and that every fuch price (hall be calculated and fet from the tables in the fcheduh’, according to the rules *" L and directions 10 thole tables annexed, from the average price of the fined fort or defeription pf wheaten flour allowed by this 2& to be manufactured.

VI.	And be it further cnatfed, That, from and after the faid When the twenty-fourth and thirty-firit days of January retpeiftively, when Pr,Cc* ls

•	Cl	. J 1 r , } r / J'	J I r •	■ J r n ’ HO per OlHh.lll

any price of wheaten bread of the nneft iort or defeription 01 flour p.p ;]nv ,oiead allowed to be drefled and manufactured purfuant to this act, at a h/.rher £hall be afeertained and let in any city, borough, town, place, or price, on pc-diftrift of any county, riding, fibre, or itewarcry, puriuani to nAllV from the provifions of this act, no perfon or perfons ihall there, make	P"r

for fale, or fell or expofe to fale, any other fort or defeription of bread, whether wheaten bread, or bread made of the produce of wheat mixed with the meal or flour of any other corn, grain, or pulfe, at a higher rate for any peck, half peck, quartern or half quartern loaf of any fuch other bread, than (hall be fet as the price of the wheaten bread of fuch fineft fort and defeription as aforefaid$ and if any perfon or perfons fhall offend heiein, he,

(he, or they (hall forfeit for every loaf fold contrary to the provifions herein-before contained, a funi not exceeding five pounds nor lefs than ten (hillings, and fo in proportion ror any (mailer quantity.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That after the twenty-fourth And where and thirty-nrft days of January refpectively, although no aiiize ^

or price of wheaten bread or the fined, fort or defeription of^ rn^UdUny** flour allowed by this act to be drelTed or manufactured, ihall be other ibrtof ascertained or fet in any city, borough, town, or place, or diftriet, breid at any of any county, riding, (hire, or ftewartry, no perfon lhall make ^anThe™0* for fale, or fell or expofe to fale, any other fort or defeription of ^h^tenof bread, whether wheaten or mixed, at any higher price, or at the lineft fort any higher rate per pound, or for any other quantity, than allowed (hail the wheaten bread, of the (inert fort or defeription aforefaid je^ for> ®n ' (hall at the lame time fell for in the fame place, in which (<>r very peck

 G<W5p^*

978 Anno rcgtii qviadragefuno-primo Georgii III. c. 16. [1800.

where no fuch bread (hall be fold in the fame place, then in the neareft adjoining place to the place in which) any kind of bread of fuch other quality (hall be made for Tale, or fold, or expofed to fale; and if any perfon or perfons (hall offend therein, he, fhe, or they (hall forfeit, for every peck loaf fold contrary to the provisions herein-befor^ contained, a fum not exceeding five pounds nor lefs than ten (hillings, and fo in proportion for every fmaller quantity.

After patting VIII. And he it further enafted, That from and after the •! ^erfo^may Pa&ng °f this aft, it lhail be lawful for any perfon or make and fell perfons whatever, in any place whatever, and whether any 1 j loaves made	affize or price of bread (hall be frt in fuch place or not, to

oFthe whole	make, bake, fell, and expofc to fale, peck loaves, half peck loaves,	1

wheaTo^1116 ^uartern l°aves, and half quartern loaves, made of wheaten mixed with	meal or A°ur °f the whole	produce of the wheat, or with the	}

barley, &c.	*bran only, or the bran and	pollards, or any proportion of the

provided the bran and pollards, or any ocher part of the produce of fach ► excced'tlLt^f w^eat» ,a^n therefrom, or made of any fort of wheaten ! the wheaten mea^ or flour mixed with the meal or flour of barley, rye, oats, bread upon buck wheat, Indian corn, peafe, beans, rice, or any other which a price corn, grain, or pulfe whatever, or with potatoes, in fuchpropor-lUali be fet. tions as he, (he, or they (hall deem proper, and at any price at ' which any perfon may be willing to purchafe the fame j provided 5 that fuch price (hall not in any cafe exceed the price of the wheaten bread upon which an aifize or price (ball be let m I purfuance of any aft or afts of parliament, or this ad, in the place where fuch other wheaten or mixed bread (hall be made or fold, pr expofed to fale, under this aft as aforefaid j any id or afts, or law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithflanding. ^^wbeaten IX. ^n^ be ** ^uf^er enafted, That every perfon who bread of an flull make or bake any fuch wheaten bread made of any meal or inferior qua- flour of an inferior quality to the fined fort or defeription of Jity, or mixed, flour allowed by this aft to be manufaftured, or mixed bread, • thefomc^ fliall imprint and diflinftly mark upon every loaf of fuch laft-mentioned wheaten bread, a large Roman H. and uponevery loaf of fuch mixed bread a large Roman M.

Penalty for X. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon orperfoos • as? ««» omit to imprint or diftinftly mark any fuch wheaten or \ ornot well mixed bread purfuaut to the direftions of this ad, or (hall not ' making or	well make any fuch wheaten or mixed bread, or any bread	1

adulterating	made in purfuance of this aft, or (hall adulterate the firne with	>

anv mixture or ingredient not allowed to be ufed in the making deficient in	of bread, or (hall make or bake for fale, or fell or expofc to

weight.	fale any fuch peck loaves, half peck loaves, quartern loam,

or half quartern loaves, or any other loaves,deficient in weight, according to the a(Ezc of loaves of fuch denominations, refpec-tively contained in any aft or afts in force relating to the ado* and price of hread, or according to any affize that (hall be fct in purfuance of any fuch aft or afts ; all and every perfon and perfons offending therein, (hall be liable to the fame or the like paios, penalties* forfeitures* $nd pupifl^ipent, as any bake* -

 CjOOQle

979

i8o6r] Anno regni quadragefimoprimo Georgii IIL c. i6.

comakers of bread for fate are liable to for any the like or fimilar mifdemeanors, offences, or negle&s, in making) felling, or expofmg to or for fale any bread.

XI.	And be further enaSed, That all and every the powers, Powers of a<3s authorities, provifions, regulations, claufes, matters, and things \n forcc re,.at" pains penalties, and forfeitures in any a# or ads now in

force contained, relating to the making any returns of meal and meal,fetting flour, and to fetting and afeertaining any afiize or price of anafiize, bread, and alfo, to the weighing any bread made for fale or weighing expofed to fale, or fearching for any ingredient wherewith an7	r	for

meal, flour, or bread may be adulterated, that are not altered adulterating of repealed by or contrary to the provifions of this ad, (hall be, ingredients, to and are hereby extended and made applicable to, and (hall be ^end to applied in the enforcing of the provifions of this ad, in astbisa^* full and ample a manner as if the lame had been feverally and feparately ve-ena<ftedrin this ad.

XII.	And be it further enadted. That an a & made in the 36 Geo. thirty-fixth year of the reign of hisprefent Majefty, intituled. An c,*a'rcPca c

to permit bakers to make and fell certain forts of breads (hail be, jand the fame is hereby repealed.

XIII.	And, for the better and more eafy recovery of the feveraj penalties and forfeitures to be incurred by difobedience to this nftt and the powers herein contained, and difpofmg of the money which jhall be forfeited by breach or non-obfervanct of any part of this

afl; be it further ena&ed, That it (ball and maybe law-The lord ful to and for the lord mayor of the city of London for the mayor, any time being, or any aldermen of the faid city, within the faid th^citv^nd xity or liberties thereof, and to and for any other of his Ma- anyinitice” jelly’s juffices of the peace or magiftrates, or anyone of them, within their within their refpe^Uvc counties, ridings, divifions, cities, towns refpeftive ebrporate, boroughs, liberties, or jurifdi&ions, to hear and m^ydetennhie determine, in a fummary way, all offences committed againft jn a fummary the true intent and meaning of this ad, and for that purpofe to way, offences Tummon before them, or any of them, within their refpedive jurifiliclions, any party or parties accufed of being an offender * ’'JJieg^ or offenders againit the true intent and meaning of this ad •, nGt paid, may and in cafe the party accufed {hall not appear on fuch fummons, grant warrants or offer fome reafoi:able excufe for his default, then, upon oath tj* laying by any credible witnefs of any offence committed contrary to diftreIsland the true intent and meaning of this ad, any fuch magiftrate or for want magiftrates, juftice or juftices, (hall iflue his or their warrant thereof may or warrants for apprehending the offender or offenders within c®£n,yt the jurifdidion of any fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice or ° eD erg-juftices; and upon the appearance of the party or parties accufed, or in cafe he, (he, or they (hall not appear, on notice being given to or left for him, her, or them at his, her, or their ufual place of abode, or if he, (he, or they cannot be apprehended on a warrant granted againft him, her, or them as herem-oefore is direded, then and in any fuch cafe, any fuch magiftrate Or magiftrates, juftice or juftices, is and are hereby authorifed arid required to proceed to make enquiry, touching the matters

com*





1

980 Anna reghi quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. t6. [1800.

complained of, and to examine any witnefc or witnclfe, wbo (hall be offered on either fide, on oath as aforefaid, and which ^ every fuch magiftrate or rnagiftrates, juftice or juftices, is and c are hereby authorifed, empowered, and required to adminifter;	<

and after hearing of the parties who (hall appear, and the	j

witneiles who Ihali be offered on either fide, fuch magiflrate I or rnagiftrates, juftice or juftices, (hall convift or acquit the party or parties accufed ; and if the penalty or money forfeited on any fuch convi£tion ihali not be paid within the fpace of \ twenty-four hours after any fuch convi&ion, every fiich tna- L . giftrate or rnagiftrates, juftice or juftices, ffiall thereuponifluea ' warrant 01* warrants under his hand and feal, or their hands . and feals, refpedlively, dire^ed to any peace officer or officer* within their refpective jurifdidtions, empowering him or them to make diftrefs. of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders ; and if any offender (hall convey away his goods oat .

* of the jurifdi&ion of any fuch magiftrate or rnagiftrates, juftice ,

' or juftices, before whom he was convi&ed, or fo much thereof that the penalty cannot be levied, then fome magiftrate or juftice within whofe jurifdidtion the offender ihali have removed his goods, (hall back the warrant granted by any fuch ma- , giftrate or juftice,. rnagiftrates or juftices, and thereupon the .! penalty forteited (hall be levied on the offender’s goods and J chattels, by diftrefs and fale thereof; and if within five days from the diftrefs being taken the money forfeited (hall not be fjaid, the goods feized fhall be appraited and fold, rendering the overplus (if any) after deducing the penalty or forfeiture, 1 and tho colts and charges of the profecution, diftrefs and fale,	,

to the owner; which charges fhall be afeertained bv the	1:

magiftrate or rnagiftrates, juftice or juftices before whom my i! luch offender or offenders fhall have been fo convi&ed, or by ’ the magiftrate or juftice who backed the warrant, if either of i them fhall continue alive, and if not, by fome other ma- \\ giftrate or juftice of the county, riding, divilion, city or place, in which the offender fhall have been convidled; and for want of fuch diftrefs, then every fuch magiftrate or juftice, within whole refpetfive jurifdidtion any fuch offender or offenders (hall relide or be, fhall, on. the application of any profecutor or profeeutors, and proof made of the convi&ion and non-payment of the penalty and charges by warrant under his hand andfcsl, commit cvr ry fuch offender or offenders to the common goal of houfe of co* re&ion of the city or cornty, riding, divifion, or place, where fuch offender or offenders fhall be found, thereto remain for the fpace of one calendar month from the time of fuch „	commitment, unleft, after* luch commitment, payment (hall be

Itiade of the (aid penalty or forfeiture, cods and charges, before Penalties to the expiration of the laid one calendar month; and all fuch hepiid to the penaMes and forfeitures, wh-ro recovered, (hall be paid to the informer. informer.

XIV. And



i8oo.] Anno rcgni quadragefimo prlmo Georgii III. c. 16. 981

XIV.	And be it further enacted* That if it (hall fck made out Witneffes not by the oath of any credible perfon or perfons, to the fatisfa&iqn

of any magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice of juftices, that any 'mm* may be one within the jurifJi&ion of any fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, brought by juftice or juftices, is likely to give or offer material evidence on warrant of behalf of the profecutor of any offender or offenders agamft the true intent and meaning of this a&, or on behalf of the perfon refufing to or perfons accufed, and will not voluntarily appear before fuch be examined magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice or juftices, to be examined, tfpono*th and give his, her, or their evidence concerning the premifes,* every fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice or juftices, is and are«hereby authorifed and required to iffue his or their fummons to convene every fuch witnefs and witneffes before any fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice orjuftices, at fuch feafonable time as in fuch fummons fhall be fixed •, and if any perfon fb fummoned fhall negledf or refufe to appear at the time by fuch fummons appointed, and no juft excufe fhall be offered for fuch neglc£t or retufal, then (after proof by oath of fuch fummons having been duly ferved upon the party or parties fo fummoned) every fuch magiftrate and magiftrates, juftice and juftices, is and are hereby authorised and required to iffue his or their warrant, under his hand and feal, or their hands and feals, to bring every fuch witnefs or witneffes before any fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice or juftices; and on the appearance of any fuch witnefs before any fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice or juftices, every fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice or juftices, is and are hereby authorifed and empowered to examine upon oath every fuch witnefs; and if any fuch witnefs on his or her appearance, or on being brought beforeany fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice orjuftices, fhall refufe to be examined upon oath concerning the premifes, without offering any juft excufe for fuch refufe), any fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice or juftices, within the limits of his or their jurifdidion, may, by warrant under his hand and feal, or their hands and feals, commit any perfon or peifons fo refufing to be examined, to the publick prifon of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, or place in which the perfon or perfons fo refufing to be examined fbail be, there to remain for any time not exceeding fourteen days nor Jefs than three days, as any fuch magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice orjuftices,

/hall diredh

XV.	And be it further enaefted, That the magiftrate or ma- Convl&ions gift rates, juftice or j uff ices before whom any perfon fhall be ccm- to be drawn vi<fted in manner preferibed by this a£f, (hall caufc fuch refpechvc *n convi<ftion to he drawn up in the form or to the effect follow- 0 owin£ ing; (that is to fay)y

« To wit, } jB of the reign of

E it remembered, That on this

day of	in the	year

• A B. is convifted before

Majefty’s

form,

98i AflnoTegni qaadragcfitno primo GEOkciilII.c. 16. [lioo. ‘ i

Majtfty’s juftices of the peace for the faid county of ; h [or, for the	rid^pg	or	diviGon of the fkid’cocnitT ■■ f

of	or,	for	the	city	liberty,	or town of [*r Ain

cafe /hall happen to be] for	and	do	adjudge him 1 I

[her or them] to pay and forfeit for the fame the fum of	r

Given under	the day and year aforellii, •	f;

be^removed^ XVI* And be it further enabled, That no Certiorari, letters of .	\

advocation or of fufpenfion, (hall be granted, to remow any *	p

copvidion or other proceedings had thereon in purfuance of1	1]

this a<5h	a

t/madc^oT XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further entAed,That M a the general if any perfon convifted of any offence punifhable by this ad9 \ r or quarter (hall think him, her, or themfelves aggrieved by the judgement legions, and 0f the magiftrate or magiftrates, juftice or juftices, before whom ( a finally deter- ^e, or t^ey have been convided, fuch perfon bail !	[

mined there." have liberty from time to time to appeal to the juftices at the	{

next general or quarter feffions of the peace which (hall be held ~ i for the county, riding, divifmn, city, liberty, town or place j j where fuch judgement (hall have been given; and that the ; t execution of the laid judgement (hall in fuch cafes be fufpeaded, , c the perfon (o convifted entering into a recognizance at the <	\

time of fuch convi&ion, with two fufficient fureties, in doable ( the fum which fuch perfon (hall have been adjudged to pay or	j

forfeit, upon condition to^ profecute fuch appeal with effid,	(

and to be forthcoming to abide the judgement and determina- j tion’of the juftices at their faid next general or general quarter feffions; which recognizance the magiftrate or migiihtes, } juftice or juftices, before whom fuch convi&ion Gull be bad, ( is and are hereby empowered and required to take $ and the j juftices in the faid general or general quarter feffions, are hereby l t authorifed and required to hear and finally determine the	I	f

matter of every fuch appeal, and to award fuch cofts is to	J	j

them (hall appear juft and reafonable to be paid by either i . party; and if, upon hearing the faid appeal, the judgement ' J of the magiftrate or magistrates, juftice or juftices, before	j	(

whom the appellant or appellants ball have oeen convi&d,	I	j

(hall be affirmed, fuch appellant or appellants (hall immediately	L	,

pay down the fum, he, (he, or they (hall have been adjudged to	a	,

forfeit, together with fuch cofts as the juftices in their (aid general (,	(

or general quarter feffions (hall award to be paid to the profecutor or informer, for defraying the expences fuftained by f ! reafon of any fuch appeal; and in default of the appellants paying the (ame, any two fuch juftices, or any one fuch oa- | giftrate or juftice of the peace, having jurifdidion in the place into which any fuch appellant or appellants (hall efeipe, or where he, (he, or they (hall refide, (hall and may, by warrant under their hands and feals or his hand and foal, *	.

.commit every fuch appellant and appellants to the common gaol of the county, city, riding, divifion, town, or place; where 5

he, j

i:

' Ui\

c I

'

- - n

1800.3 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Geokgii III. c. 16, 983

he, {he, or they (hall be apprehended, until he, flic, or they (hall make payment of fuch penalty, and of the cofts and charges which (hall be adjudged on the conviction, to the informer; but if the appellant or appellants in any fuch appeal (hall make good his, her, or their appeal, and be difeharged of the faid conviction, reafonable cofts (hall be awarded to the appellant or appellants againft fuch informer or informers, who ; would (in cafe of fuch conviction) have been entitled to the .7*1 penalty to have been recovered as aforefaid; and which cofts ■* (hall and may be recovered by the appellant or appellants againft: any fuch informer or informers, in like manner as cofts given at any general or general quarter feflions of the peace are recoverable.

XVIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That if If convictions any fuch conviCticn fhall happen to be made within fix days before any general or general quarter feflions of the peace which bei*.<v any (hall be held for the county, riding, divifion, city, town corpo- feftiv>u» the rate, borough, or place, where fuch conviction thali have been parties miy made, then the party or parties who fhall think him, her, or to^t^rThe themfelves aggrieved by any fuch conviction, ihall and may, neXt following on entering into a recognizance, in manner and for the purpotes felUous, before directed, be at liberty to appeal either to the then next or the next following general or general quarter feffions of the peace which fhall be held for any fuch county, riding, divifion, city, town corporate, borough, liberty, or place, where any fuch conviction fhall have been made.

XIX.	And be it further enaCted, That every aCtion or fuit Limitation of which fhall be brought or commenced againft any magi ft rate aftl°|!8 a£a,nft or magiftrates, juftice or juftices, or any peace officer or officers, ™ ^officers, for any matter or thing done or committed by virtue of or under this ail, (hall be commenced within fix months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and (lull be laid or brought in the county, city, or place where the matter in difpute fhall arife, and not elfevvhere; and that the ftatute made in the twenty-fourth year of his hte Majcfty’s reign, intituled, An*4.Geo. 2,

*7.57 for the re tuhring ju dices of the peace more fafe in the execution of fo^i^rats their office, and for indemnifying conjlabksy and* others aiding in a(^jnfy uncjcr obedience 4o their warrants, fo far as the faid ail relates to the.this a<£t. rendering the juftices more fafe in the execution of their' office, fhall extend and be conftrued to extend to the magiftrate and magiftrates, juftice and juftices of the peace, ailing under the authority and in puffuance of this ail; and that no action No action to or fuit (hall be had or commenced againft, nor fhall any writ Jjj be fued out or copy of any writ be ferved upon any peace p.^officerY officer or officers, for any tiling done in the execution of this ait, int.il 7 lays until feven days after a notice in writing fhall have been given .*• txrnotice, to or left for him or them, at his or their ufu.d place of abode, by the. attorney for the party intending to commence fuch time tenjer ailion; which notice in writing /hull contain the name and amends, and place of abode of the perfon intending to bring fiich aition, if notaccepted and alfo of his attorney, and lifcewife the qaulb of ailion or ^da-'witL^6

Vol. XLll.	S	s	s	com-

- - ji ■‘::a

-it

-X'lt

-a:# “ rJ

\-g.\ 4- * z* c;tl zzc -:r J

-r.it

, -;l

,. - f

::

V

/>

. t

■1





984 Anno regnl quadragefuno primo Georgii III. c. 16. [1800, the general complaint; and any peace officer or officers (hall beat liberty, foun/fuffid an<* may by v*rtue °f this aft, at any time within feven dap ent a verdift" a^rer MY ^ucb notice (hall have^been given to or left for him, fhall be found tender or caufe to be tendered any fijm or funjs of money, at for the defen- amends for the injury complained of, to the party complaining, * kintift^b* ^ 0r to tbc attorney named in any fuch notice; and if the fame is come nonV not accepted of, the defendant or defendants in any fuch aftion fuit, See* or aftions may plead fuch tender in bar of fuch aftion or aftion?, together with the general iffue, or any other plea, with leave of the court in which the aftion (hall be commenced; and if upon ifiiie joined on fuch tender the jury (hall find the amends tehdered to have been fuflicient, they (hall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants; and in every fuch cafe, or if the plaintiff (hall become nonfuit, or difeontinue hrs aftion, or '	if judgement (hall be given for the defendant or defendants

upon demurrer, or if any aftion or fuit (hall be brought after the time limited by this aft for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in any other county or place than as aforefaid, then and in any fuch cafe the jury (hall find for the defends of •defendants, and the defendant or defendants (hall be entitled to his or their cofts; but if the jury (hall find that no fuch tender

If the jury find lor the

ih ill give a verdift for damages.

Defendants

Ticbk cofts.

Ko perfon fhaU be convicted, unlefs the prosecution be commenced within

plaintiff, they was made, or that the amends tendered were not fufficient, or

......	fhaU find againft the defendant or defendants, on any plea or

pleas by him or them pleaded, they (hall then give a verdift for the plaintiff, and fuch damages as they (hall think proper, and the plaintiff (hall thereupon recover his cofts againft every fuch defendant and defendants.

XX. And be it further enafted, That if any aftion or fuit may plead the fbajj commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing general 1 ue. >cj0Jie jn purfuance of this aft, the defendant or defendants in any fuch aftion or fuit may plead the general iiTue, and given this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft; and if it lhal! appear fo to have been done, or if a verdift (hall bfe recorded for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuiced or difcontinc: his aftion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon a verdift or demurrer againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants in any fuch aftion fhaU and may recover treble cofts, and hit: the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law, for recovery of his, her, or their cofts.

XXL Provided always. That no perfon (hall be conviftcd i: manner aforefaid, for any of the beforementioned offences, unlefs the profecution in order to fuch conviftion be comment within fourteen days next after the offence committed. da	XXII.	Andi	be it further enafted, That all penalties and

Apulicat;ou	f°rfeitures by this aft impofed and inflated, (hall go and be

ot penalties,	diftributed in manner following, (that is to fay), When an

offender

 v^ooQle





1800.] Anno regn{ quadragefimo primo Georgii Iff. c. 16.	98

offender or offenders (hall be convicted either by his, her, or their own confeflion, or by the oath of one or more credible ^yitnels or witneflcs, fuch penalty or forfeiture (bail go and be paid to the perfon or perfons who (halJ inform againft and profecute to conviction any fuch offender or offenders, and all penalties and forfeitures which (hall arife or be incurred by reafon of any fearch, trial, or feizure, made in pursuance of any of fije powers and provifions of this abv any magiflrate or nriagiftrates, juftjce or judices, (hail go and be applied to or for the li fe of the poor of the pan 111 wherein fuch offence fhall be commit red, or the party convicted, in fuch manner as any fuch magidrate or magidrates, judice or judices, within his or their jurifdidfion, fhall from time to time think fit.

XXIII.	And be it further enatfed, That this (hall con- Continuance tinue in force until the fixrh day of November one rhoufiind oi eight hundred and one, ar:d from thence to the end of fix weeks from the commencement of the then next IciTion of parliament.	'	'	  J

* s s a

THE

 v^oosle

986 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Gborgii III, c. 17. [1800.

Preamble#

No perfon fliall fell or expofe to falej any bread, . until ir dial) have been baked 24 hours, on penalty from 40s. to 5s. for every loaf, cake, roll, muffin, &c.

Penalty may be recovered before a julticc, and divided between the informer and the poor of the parilh.

The 24 hour® fiiall be computed from taking the bread out of the oven; and no art (bull be

CAP. XVII.

An aft to prohibit until the firjl day of Odlober one tboufini eight [ hundred and one, and from thence to the end of fix week next after the commencement of the then next fejfmof parliament, any perfon or perfom from felling any bread, which Jball not have been bakpd twenty*four hours.—[Dec. 31,1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to reduce, as much aspojJ&le,'et , the prefent moment, the confumption of wheat flour: end whereas it appears that a confidcrahle Javing would arife, if bead	1

war prohibited from being fold until it had been baked a certain time; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual , . and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembfed, * and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall not'bc lawful for any baker or other perfon or perfons, to fell, or offer or expofe to fale, or fend out for fale, or deliver on his or their account, or on that of any other perfon, any bread, until the fame fhall have been baked twenty-four hours at the lead; and every baker or other perfon or perfons, who {hall ad , contrary hereto, or offend herein, fhall for every offence forfeit and pay a fum not exceeding forty (hillings, nor left , than five {hillings, at the difcrction of the magirtrate, for every Joaf, half loaf, or any fmaller or larger part or portion of a loaf, or for every cake or roll, muffin or crumpet, or any bread commonly known by the name of French Bread, made of tbc ; flour of wheat, bailey, oats, rye, peafe, or rice, fo fold,offered, J expofed to or lint out for fale \ which penalty (hall and may be 1 recovered before any one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of	j

the peace for the county, city, or place where the offence (hall	]

be committed, upon the oath of one or more credible witncli i or witnefles, who (hall prove, to the fatisfa&ion of fuch juftice or juftices, that the faid bread had not been baked twenty- f four hours (which oath fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby ' empowered to adminifter) one moiety whereof (hall be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifli or place where the offence (hall be committed • and if the faid penalty {hall not be forthwith paid, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, to caufe the faid penalty to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the party offending, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or ovficrc of F fuch goods and chattels, after deducing the faid penalty, and the cofts and charges of taking and making fuch diftrefs and fale.	!

II. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the twenty-four hours previous to the expiration of which it flnll not be lawful for any baker, or other perfon or perfons, rokil bread, or offer or expofe it to or lend it out for tale, M be computed from the time at which fuch bread was taken out cf

the

Digitized, by 

1800.] Anno regm quadragefimoprimo Georgii III.c. 17.	9S7

the oven or other place ufed for the purpofe of baking or heating ufed for pre.

it: provided alfo, That it (hall not be lawful for any baker, or

other perfon or perfons employed by any fuch baker, to ufe turcofthc* *

any art or artifice whatever for preferving the heat or moifturc bread.

in bread longer than fuch heat or moifture would be prcferved

by the fair mode of keeping bread in the ordinary way of his

bufinefs; and every baker or other perfon or perfons who fhall

a& contrary to or offend herein, (hall for every fuch offence

be liable to the fame penalty, to be recovered in the fame

mode, as is herein-before enaded in the cafe of the file of new

bread.

III.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall and maybe lawful The \yard-for the feveral wardmote inquefts ofthe city of Londoner fuch other ^°LondonC or perfon or perfons as are authorifed by any a& heretofore paffed, authorifwi* ° to enter into any houfe, (hop, ftall, bakehoufe, warelioufe, out- perfons may houfe, or other place, of or belonging to any baker or feller of enter (hops, bread, at all times, within their refpedlive limits, to fearch any

bafket, wheelbarrow, cart, or other conveyance ufed by any u?ej jOI! carry-baker for the purpofe of carrying bread to or for any dealer mg out bread, therein or confumer thereof; and in cafe any bread (hall bs^ndhanybe found in the fame which (hall not have been baked twenty- Ionnd therein four hours at the Jeaft, all fuch bread, which (hall be fo hours^and*4 found in any fuch bafker, wheelbarrow, cart, or other con- if the owner veyance, (hall be deemed and taken as bread expofed to fale aannot be within the intent and meaning of this acfl; and in cafe fuch ^^edancf wardmote inquefts or fuch perfon or perfons fo authorifed as carried before aforefaid (hall not be able to difeover the owner or owners of a justice, who fuch bread, then the laid wardmote inqueft, or any four or m:*y djfpofe more of the perfons compofing the fame, or fuch perfon or !,h7iThink f.t perfons fo authorifed as aforefaid, (hall and may feize fuch U bread, and after feizure thereof (hall, with all convenient (peed, caufe the fame to be carried to any juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, city, or place where the offence (hall be committed, who (hall and may difpofe thereof, as he or they • in his or their diferetion, (hall think fit.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That if any perfon or perfons Penalty for (hall wilfully obftruit or hinder any' fearch herein-before au-thorifed to be made, or the feizure of any bread which (hall orfcizin^* be found on any fuch fearch, or the taking or carrying away bread, the fame, he, (he, or they fo doing or offending (hail, upon

being -convicted thereof before any fuch iaft-mentioned ma-

giftrate, forfeit and pay for every offence any fum not exceeding

five pounds nor lefs than ten (hillings, as the magiftrate or	.	■

magiftrates, before whom fuch offender or offenders (hill be

convi&ed, (hall think fit to order.	r

V.	Provided always, and be it enasSed, That nothing herein A&notto

contained (hall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to any baker ^ead for the or other perfon who (hall fell or deliver, or offer or expofe to fale, ute of troops any bread which (hall not have been baked twenty-four hours, on their	*

s s s 3	to	marc*bor f

‘ 

I

983 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 17. [1800,

within 24	to or for the ufe of any of his Majefty’s troops ,on their marchj

arrival3^1,	or vv lt^ll?n twenty-four bt>ur& after their arrival at any quarter*

quarters! barrack, or cantonment.

VI, Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enafted, That all and every perfon or perfons wbo fhall think him, her, of tliemfelves aggrieved, by the judgement or determination of any fuch juftice or juftices as aforefaid, in refpeft of any pecu-

Appeal may

br made to the quarter ft (lions, who

determine^the n*ar.V penalty, may appeal to the juftices of the peace for the matter. county, riding, diyifion, city, liberty, or place, where fucK judgement fhall be given, at their then next general or quarter fell ions of the peace, unlefs fuch general or quarter fefiions of the peace fhall happen to be holden within fix days next after any fuch convidion, and in fuch cafe fuch perfon or perfons may appeal to the next fubfequent general or quarter feffions of the peace which fhaJl be holden for any fuch county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place; but no fuch appeal fhall b© received, heard, or determined, unlefs the appellant or appellants fhall firft enter into a recognizance, wish two fufficient furcties, before fuch juftice or juftices lo convifting as aforefaid, in the fum of twenty pounds each, to appear and profecutcevcryfuch appeal with efFc&; and the juftices of the peace of fuch general or quarter fe(lions of the peace are hereby authorifed and required, on every fuch appeal being made, and on reafonable notice thereof given to the other party, finally to hear and determine the matter of every fuch appeal, and to make fuch order and to award fuch cofts therein a$ they in their dilcretiun fhall fee meet, and which laid order and determination (hall be final and conclufive to all parties and no Certiorari lhall be allowed to remove any fuch proceedings or determination.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every complaint which fhdll be mace of any offence againft this a<ft, alledged to Iwc been cbrtfmitfed within thofe parts of the counties of M'Mtftx limits, lhall ' 2nd Surrey which lie within the bills of mortality, or in the be heard at	parifhes of Saint Mary At •front and Pancrai, WxhzUidcourtiJ

the nea reft	0f AAiddufcx, (hall be heard and determined by fo ne one or more

publickoffice. 0f hjs JVjUjefty’s juftices of the peace, acling in and for the hid counties, at fuch of tlve publick offices, eftablifhed by virtue of an atf, pelted in the thirty-f<?cond year of his prefent Majdty, intituled, An uci for the more cfffiual adminifiration of the fee of a jrjjhce of the peace, in fuch part; of the counties of MidMx and Surrey as lit in and near the metropolis, ana for th wort effectual prevention of felonies \ and further continued by virtue of an pafled in the thirty - fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majtfty, a* fhall be next or near to the place in which Pro (editions fu<J °fe"ce be altcdged have been committed, ihall be com- Via. rrovideu always, and be it further enatfed, That no ( lueuced with- perfon dull be convicted in manner aforefaid, for any of th? in a limited before mentioned offences, unlefs the profecution, in order ro fuch convi&ion, be commenced within three days next after the offence committed.

IX. And

Complaints for offences committed within certain

time.

f

r





i8qo.] Anno fcgni quadragefimo prirno Georgii III. c. 18, 79. 989

IX.	And be it further enafted, That this aft (hall con- Continuance tinue in force until the firft day of October one thoufand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of fix- weeks next after the commencement of the then next feflion of parliament.

CAP. XVIII.

Jn aft to permit, until the firfl day of Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and one, the importation of Swedifh herrings into Great ' jBritain.-*~[Dec. 31, 1800.J

WHEREAS it is Expedient under the prefent circumjlantes,	Preamble.

permit, for a limited time, the importation of Swedi/h herrings into Great Britain, in Briti(ft flips, or in /hips belonging to perfons of any kingdom or Jlate in amity with his Majcfly, and navigated in any manner whatever, without payment of duty \ be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritua! and temporal, and commons, in this prtfent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the'^nt«l 0&.mu palling of this aft, and until the firft day dt Oftober one thoufand eight hundred and one, it lhall and may be lawful ported from to and for any perfon or perfons whatever to import into Sweden,in Great Britain, from any port or place in Sweden, in any Britifl Britifh veflels, fllip or veflel, or in any other (hip or veflel belonging t0 of an ^kir^13 perfons of any kingdom or ftate in amity with his Majefty, and jn amity navigated in any manner whatever, any herrings caught and cured with his on any of the coarts of Sweden, without the payment of any Mijeily, duty duty whatever ; any thing in any aft or afts of parliament to the frc€* contrary thereof in anywife notwithftanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That a due Entry fliall be entry fliall be made of all fuch herrings that (hall be imported	aTthe

by virtue of this aft, with the proper officers of the cuftoms at port of impor-the port into which the fame (hall be imported \ and, in default tation on F thereof, the fame (hall be forfeited, and fliall and may% be penalty of feized by any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms.	forfeiture.

CAP. XIX.

Jn aft to remove doubts arifing upon the cortflruftion of an aft of this ftjfion of parliament, intituled. Ail aft for granting bounties on the importation of wheat, barley, rye, oats, peafe, beans, and Indian corn, and of barley, rye, oat, and Indian meal, and wheaten flour and rice.—[Dec. 31, 1800.]

WHEREAS by an aft, made in this prefent fejflon of parlia- Preamble.

ment, intituled. An aft for granting bounties on the im-c* 10, portation of wheat, barley, rye, peafe, beans, and Indian corn, and of barley, rye, oat, and Indian meal, and wheaten floty and rice, it was enafted, Tloat before any cornj grain, or ptelfe, or any flour or rice, in the faid aft mentioned, imported or brought into

s s s 4.	this

690' Anno rcgni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 20,21. [1803.

this kingdom for bounty, under the regulations of the faid recited efl, fnould be delivered out of the charge of the officer or ojpitrs of the cujioms in the fold aft mentioned, that the fame JbouLd be infitfid and examined in the manner in the faid aft mentioned: and whims it was olfj cnafted in the [aid recited aft. That returns Jhould bt mode to the infpeShr of corn returns, in the manner in the fid act mentioned, of all foreign corn, grain, or pulfe, that fall be examined and certified under the faid aft': and whereas dsubts have arifen whether all foreign corn, grain, or pulfe, in, by, and under the provifions of the faid recited aft, to be examined and returned U the * jnfpeftor of corn returns, whether any bounties are claimed or art payable on fuch corn, grain, or pulfe, or not’, for the remedy whereof, be it declared and enafted by the King’s mod excellent majelly, rtiau'be by anc*	ac^v‘ce	and	confent	of	the lords fpiritualand tern-

deemed to poral, and commons, in this prefent parliament alfembicd, and require that, by the authority of the fame. That the faid aft was intended, and before any ihall fc>e deemed and conftrued to require that before any Sail be d°eh- f°re,gn corn> grain, or pulfe, imported or brought into this vereu out of /kingdom during the continuance of the faid aft, (hall be the charge of delivered out of the charge of the proper officer or officers of the the pr oper cuftoms in the faid aft: mentioned, fuch articles refpeftivcly (hall ■ iliuuM’he	ke careful]y an^ attentively infpefted and examined, and if the

infpefted, and fame are merchantable, certified in manner in the faid aft if merchant- mentioned; and that all corn, grain, or pulfe, that fhul/ be able certified, certified under the faid aft, fhall be returned to the infpeftor of to the infpec- corn returns> as ,n ^le aft is direfted, whether any bounty tor, whether or bounties fhall be claimed or payable on any fuch com, grain, bounty be or pulfe, or not* any thing in the (aid aft contained to the BQtIimior contrary notwithftandifig.	I*

C A P." XX.	I*

An aft to revive and continue until the expiration of fix weeks after (he commencement of the next fefiion of parliament* and amend fo much I of an aft of the lift fefiion of parliament, as relates to the redudng [ and better collecting the duties payable on tbe importation ofihrch; and to continue for the lame time feveral lawa relating to the eiub'.n; , his Majelly to permit goods to be imported into this kingdom in ■ neutral thins; to the authoriting his Majelty to make reguiatioM ! ref pc ft ing the trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and to the | venting Oiftnces in obftrufting, deftroying, or damaging lbip>. and |i in obftrufting teamen and others* from purfuing their lawful oc* »■ cupations.—[Dec. 31,1800.]	|

^	So much of 79 Sc 40 Geo. 3. c. 8. as relates to the reducinganJcoMi?

,	the import outies on ftarch, fhall, from Sept. 17, 1800, be revived and

continued until fix weeks after the commencement 0/ tbe nextuiiwi; and a duty after the rate of 3d. xq per lb. only fhall be paid. Gw.

3. c. xia. 37 Geo* 3. c. tr. and 33 Geo. 3. c. 67. further cratbod until fix weeks after the commencement of the next fefiion.

cap. xxr.

An aft for allowing, until the fifteenth day of October W thoufand eight hundred and one, the ofe of fait, duty fra, k tbe preferring offifh in bulk or in barrels; fir prsltftingptffy

 v^ooQle

1800.] Anno rcgni quadragdimo primo Georgh TIL c. 21.991

engaged in fuch fijheries, from being tmprejfed into his MajeJlfs fervice; for difcontinuing the bounty payable on white herrings exported; and for allowing a bounty on pilchards now cured\ whether exported or foldfor home confumption.~\DcQt 31, 1800.]

WHEREAS in order to procure a lat ge fupply of good and Preamble.

wholefome fijhy it is expedient to alloiv fait to be ufed, duty free%

for a limited time9for the purpofe of curing or preferring herrings,

pilchards, macharel, and all other kinds or fpectes of wholefome fijh,

either in bulk or in barrels; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s

moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of

the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefen>

parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, Thar^ taken on

during the continuance of this aft, it (hall be lawful for any board, duty

perfon or perfons who (hall catch or take, or purchafe and cure ffee,for curing

or preferve any herrings, pilchards, mackarel, or any other kind port [on of

or fpecies of wholefome fkh, or who (hall fit out any veflel for iJ buibeisfor

fuch purpofe, to take and (hip on board his or their vefle$, every ton

from his or their own flock of fait, or from the (lock of fait df wirttien of

any other fi(h curer, of whom fuch perfon or perfons fhali.thc vcl*el*

purchafe, or with whom he or they (hall contrail for fait, any'

quantity of fait, duty free, that (hall be deemed neceflary tor

curing or preferving the fifh which may be expected to be taken

or purchafed in the trip or voyage in or upon which he or they

lhall immediately intend tb difpatch or employ his or their

veflel: provided always. That no perfon or persons (hall be

allowed to (hip or have on board any veflel, at any time,

any greater or larger quantity of fait than in the proportion of

ten bufhels for every ton burthen, by admeafurement of the

veflel in or on board of which fuch fait (hall be taken or'

(hipped: provided alfo, That before any perfon or perfons B.re ,	’®

• * *	/ M .	.	*	, .	,	. (I j	rr	Jl	received, duty

whatever (hall receive into his or their cultody or polieflion, or frtx\ aiJ ent,y

take or (hip on board any veflel or veflels, any quantity of dull be made

fait, free of duty, for the purpofe of falting, curing or preferving a\fhe cxdfe

filh, fuch perfon or perfons (hall make entry in writing at the

next office of excife of his or their name or names, and place pirty

or places of abode, and of the number and fituation of every ami bond

warehoufe, which he or they (hall intend to make ufe of for $ivc*n tor duly

the keeping or ftoring of fait, and thail alfo give bond or fecurity

to be approved by the commiflioners of excife, or the perlon or	‘

perfons who (hall be * appointed or employed by them for that

purpofe, in the fum of five hundred pounds, that he or they

will duly account with the proper officer or officers of excife, '

according to the directions of this a<5t, for all the fait wh.ch he

or they lhall at any time take, (hip, receive, or have on

board his or their veflel or veflels, for the purpofe of falling,'

curing, or preferving of fifh, and that fuch fait, and every part ;

thereof, lhall be fairly and bond fide employed, (pent, and con- *

fumed, in halting, curing, or preferving of filh as afore fa id, or

ifi3ll be returned into the warehoufe entered for the keeping or

ftoring of fair j duty-free, from whence tbe fame was taken

and

 VjOO^lC

/

Pcrfons intending to ft)ip fait, to

992 Anno regni qvladragefimo prime Georgii til. c. 21. [1800*

I imd that no part of fuch fait, fo taken, (hipped, received, of J had on board any fuch yeflel or veffels as a/orefaid, dull be 1 fraudulently fold or difpofed of, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a6k.

■ II. And be it further ena&ed, That all and every pcrfons or perfon intending to (hip any fuch fait for the purpofe aforefaid, give notice7t<* 0**11 give to the proper officer of excife of the port or place from the excife of- whence fuch fait (hall be taken and (hipped, a notice in writing ficer of certain fpecifying his or their name or names, the name of the veffel on particulars. bQanj which the fait is intended to be (hipped, the name of the mfcfter thereof, the burthen or tonnage of fuch veffel, the place to v which fuch veffel is bound, the particular forts or fpecies of fifb cxpc&ed to be taken or purchafed and cured, and the exaft and ■ x	'	true quantity and fpecies of fait intended to be (hipped or put on -

Pith ctlrets I b°*rcl veflcl-

may deliver / III- And be it further enafted, That it (hall be lawful for any any part of J known and entered fifli curer or fi(h curer9,to deliver any part of

fdt^d^t* °*	^ree*	lnt0	cu^5r	or	P°&®°n	rfan/

free* to per-\	or	Pcrfons	who (hall have made entry and given bond or

fms'whohave fecurity, in purfuance of and according to the directions of this mide entry ,.a&, for taking, or purchafing and curing or preferring filh; and given provided always, That fuch fait (ball be delivered under, fubjefl, quircd.S ^ an<* actording to the rules, regulations,and reltriftions provided Such fait (hall ai1^ preferibed by an adl paffed in the thirty-eighth year of tho bo delivered reign of his prefent Majefty, for transferring the management of i under the . the fait duties to the commiffioners of excife, and for other pur-rules of 58 j pafes<

r 9?	And	be	it	further cna&cd, That when and fo foonasany

(hipt the^x-1 k'* have ^cen	or	ta^en on board any veffel for the

Cdfofficer to purpofe of curing or preserving filh as aforefaid, it (hall be law-giv« a certifi-; tul for the proper officer of Excife to whom the notice of (hipping cate fjkcftying {\jch fait lhall have been delivered as aforefaid, and fuch officer is culaxsT	hereby authorifed and required to give and grant to the owner,

**	•	proprietor, or mafter of fuch veffel, a certificaiejjjccifying the

' name of the veffel and of the mailer thereof, the tonnage or bur-. then of fuch veflcl, the quantity and fpecies of fait taken, hid, or '	received on board fuch veffel, and the name or names ot the per-

, fore of pcrfons from whofe (lock of fait the fame was taken and fhityped, the place from whence taken ^nd (hipped, the time when \	fhi typed, and the place to which the vellei on board which the

j	\	fame (hall be fo (hipped is bound.

's V. And be it further enaded^ That if any owner or owners, fhidpiTur'curtd Prortr*ctc>r or proprietors, or matter of any veffel, on board which t any fait ftiali be to taken of (hipped as aforefaid, (hall unlhip or 2 Uynul quay, unlade, or caufe or procure to be unihipped or unladen, or wil-:	fully-or knowingly permit or fuffer to be unthipped or unladen,

any part of any cargo of felted or cured fUh, except at fome lawful quay within the kingdom of Great Britain, he, (he, or they,

*	(hall forfeit for every fuch offence, the fund of one hundred pounds*

hmuw after VIl And be it further ena&ed, That within twentv-four hours arrival at the a^ter *n>'	V€^c^	oa	^arc* of which any fait (hall have beta

taken

*\ V

t

. 5 •I

i

t

f •





i8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimo prime Geougii III. cai. 993

taken or (hipped as aforefaid, (hall arrive at the port of which the port of un-jeargo of fuch veflel is to be unladen or delivered, the matter of dipping the ^iich veflel (hall make entrjMn writing with the proper officer of° on ^ ? $xcife of fuch port, fpcci fyiiTg the quantity and kinds or fpecies of board ofwhich^ falted or cured fiih of which the cargo of fuch veflel (hall confift ; felt ftiall have } that is to fay, If herrings, the quantity, according to the exa<S and true number of crans of thirty-four gallons each, Engli/h make an t wine meafure, of frefh herrings, which were taken or received entry of cer- ; on board his veflel; if pilchards or mackarel, the exadt and trudt;dn particu- • number of barrels, confiding of fifty gallons each of the ^^e^dfeofficer / meafure, which were taken or received on board frefli; and i£ who (hall go* * any other kind 6r fpecies of fifli, 'the exadt and true number o(on board and I barrels of two hundred pounds weight each, or tbeexaft and true examine, and j weight of fuch fi(h ; and alfo the exa<5t and true quantity of fait	I

actually employed and fpent in curing and preferring fuch fiffi loading the j

re fpet lively, and likewife the true quantity of fait which (hall be (iih,amJ if he then remaining, in or bn board his veflel, unufed ; and thereupon require it, in the proper officer of excifc ftiall go on board and infpecl and ex+ hi8 Prcfence* ■ amine all fuch fifhand fait, and (hall grant permiflion, in writing under his hand, for unloading and landing all fuch fi(h, which, if required by fuch officer, (hall be unladen (and if in bulk, meafured or weighed) by fuch matter, in the prefence of the proper officer of excife *jand if any fuch mafter (hall negledl or refufe to make;^enahyof fuch entry as aforefaid, or make any falfe entry, dr fhall refufe	JjJ	*

/

re-

unlade the fa)ted fifh of which his cargo fhall confift, and meafure or weigh fuch part thereof as fhall be imported in bulk^ in the prefcnce of the proper officer of excife, he lhall forfeit, for; every fuch offence, the fum of one hundred pounds.	«

VII.	And be it further enadred. That the certificate which Certificates fhall have been received by any fuch mafter fot*or in rcfpcct $ny fuch fait as aforefaid, (hall be produced to the proper officer of excife by whom the cargo of the veflel on board which the fait, duced to the for or in refpe<£t of which inch certificate as aforefaid fhall have excife officer been granted, (hall be infpedied, examined, and taken account of; by and if fuch officer fhall be fatisfied that the fait (pecihed in fuch fnfp^ted, who £htry to have been ufed, Avail have been fairly and bond fide fpent shall, if fatis-and confumed in prefervingor curing the faked fifh of which the fied, indorfe fargo (hall confift, according to the directions of this a£t, then^ereon ^ and in fuch cafe fuch officer (hall indorfc on fuch certificate tbe fifh cured°and true quantity of fifti cured or prelerved, and landed out of fuchthnded, and veflel, and the exadt quantity ot fait remaining on board; which the quantity certificate, being produced to and left with the proper officer 0 f of faU remain-excife of the port or place at which or from whence the fait tc*J^Jeroftt^ which fuch certificate may have reference (hall have been (hipped port from" or taken on board fuch veflel, fuch lalt-mentioncd officer (hall which the fait give credit for or write off from the account of the perfon °f perfons who (hall (land charged in the books or accounts °£ credit excife with fuch fait, fo much fait as ftiall appear by the indorfei-fuch fait as ment of the proper officer of excife on fuch certificate to hav£ (hall appear been attually ufed-, fpent, and confumed, in curing and prefers- to have been ing fifltj according to the true intent and meaning of this a^>pcrmiUhe ^

remainder to

JUyLC

994 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. iu [1800. bt warchouf*• and (hall permit and allow all the fait remaining unufed in or on ***'	|	jboard fuch vefle!, to be returned into the warehoufe from whence

\ Jthe fame was taken, and (hall writeoff or give credit for the i quantity of fait aSually fo returned, or (hall permit the fame to J:be taken out, by and at the option of the mailer or owner of the /'veffel, for curing or preferving filh on his next fubfequenc trip i f or voyage, either with or without any additional quantity of fait, \ (not exceeding in the whole the proportion hcrein-before men-tioqed), as he or they (hall deem neceffary; and every fuch oS-^ cer of excife (hall, upon fuch fubfequent trip or voyage, and 'upon fuch notice as is hereinbefore required, give to the matter }'of fuch vtfleJ, fuch and the like certificate as is by this aft before I „	-	dire£ted.

-	l VIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That im-

; tj,e of mediately upon the delivery to the proper officer of excife of any | entries, and fuch entry as is herein-before dire&ed, the matter of the vcliel ; that they have making or giving the fame (hall make oath before the proper ofi-\ therein an cer exc^e (which oath fuch officer is hereby authonfed and fifhbut what empowered to admini(ter) to the truth of fuch entry, and every have been part thereof, and that he has not taken or received on board ta ■ fairly cured vefTel, or included in his entry, any filh whatever, fare and ex-on board>i&£. cept fuch on]y as hath been fairly anj lonft fife f3]tcd, cured, j and preferved, on board the veffei of which he is the mailer, nor »	t mny fi(h which he has any reafon to know or believe have bten

/imported on board any Other veflVi whatever^psttfatTic has not I -dire&ly or indiredly fold, embezzled, or fraudulently difpo'ei of, I or concealed, or conveyed away, or fuffered any oiher perron a [ perfons to fell, embezzle, difpofe of, or conceal or convey u-j, * any part of the fait taken, (hipped, or laden on board his v£*i, for falting, curing, or preferving filh.

Excife officers^ And be \x further enabled, That it fhail be lawful for any board °and officer of excife, at all times, to go and remain on board r.y take account fuch vefTel as aforefaid, and to infpefl, examine, and take accoar. offultand \ of al! fair, and falted filh. and other articles or commons filted filh. whatfoever, irt or on boara fuch veil'd.

i If the filh unladed ill all be ihort 1-5th 1 . put of tne ;

, quantity eu-,' tered, the .

; plotter fhail!

‘ forfeit 100L;



X. And be it further ena&ed, That if the quantity of or cured filh actually unladed or delivered from on board an? fuch vefiel as aforefaid in the prefence of the proper officer tl excife, (hall fail (hort of the quantity fpecified in fuch entry a> aforefaid, in the proportion of one pzrt in five of the n 'e ^ quantity fpecified in fuch entry, that then and in fuch cafe fuen » entry (hall be deemed and taken to be a falfeand uurruc entry, and the mailer making the fame (hall forfeit the fumofui: hundred pounds.

XL And be it further enafted, That no credit or allowance for fait ufed in the falting, curing, or preferving filh, under the ’ directions or authority of this atf, fnall, at any time or iu ant ceedthe qUnn-cafe? be made or given beyond the quan icy of lalt actdailyid titu b hercif ; fiorl£ ^ empi0ycd and fpent in the falting, curing, and prcicrviag the filh, for whicb-iuph credit or allowance (lull be clameJ, nor fhail any Tuchrcredu or aHowance exc.eJ fic foUow ng pro*

dredit for , fait pfed in. c^ripg filh j fhail pot e*

fptcilitdj



Googk

1800.] Anno regni quaclragefimo primo Georcii III. c. &i. 995

portions, that is to lay, For ever)'cran confiding of thirty-four gal- )

Ions, EngUJh wine meafure, of herrings actually faltcd, cured, pre- j ferved, and produced to lee proper officer of excife in a good, 1 wholefomc, and merchantable date fixty-five pounds weight of f fait; for every barrel of fifty gallons, of the like meafure of / pilchards or mackarel, fo falted, cured, preferred, and produced \ as aforefaid, ninety-five pounds weight of falt;%for everyone \

Jiundred weight of all other fifh, fo falted, cured preferved, and / produced as a.orefaid, twenty-two pounds weight of fait; any : thing in this or any other a<5l or acts of parliament to the con- -4 trary in anywife notwithftanding.	}

XII.	And he it further enacted, That no further or othfer ap0^r~ * credit or allowance for fait (hall be made, given, or granted, *nce

for or in refpcct of any fifh for which the credit or allowance granted.

of fait, by this act given or granted, lhall be claimed, fee off*

or allowed.	;

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That no bounty (hall be No bounty

given, granted, allowed, or paid for or in refpetff of any filh f^fi^cuned1 whatever, falted, cured, or preferved, under the authority, underthiSa&, 1 directions, or provifions of this adt, other than and except except red fuch herrings as (hall be cured and legally packed as red herrings, herrings.	.	a	P	*

XIV.	And be it further enatfed, That the matter of every veffeis7m°poru^ vcfiel in or on board of which any falted fifh taken and cured ing falted /i/h > Under the authority and direction of this a<5t, (hall be Fmported into the port or brought into the port of London, (hall make the entry and London oath herein-before dire&cd, with and before the proper officer ^ntr^n^

of excifc at Gravefind^ and (hall then and there take out and oath with tinlade into proper bo3ts or lighters, all his cargo of faired hfh, the excife , in the prefence of the proper officer of excife* in the manner, ^(Hcerat according to the directions, and fubjeft ro the penalty in cafe of neglcdt, refufal, or falfe entry, which is herein-before directed, jnto boats in refpect of veflels arriving with and unlading falted fifh at any the cargo in lawful quay in Gnat Britain.	his preicnce.

XV.	And be it further cnaifted, That if any perfon or perfons Perfons con-whatever fhall clandeftin'cly or fraudulently conceal, embezzle, cealing, &c. fell, difpoie of, or carry or convey away, any fait that (hall be

v taken or (hipped onboard any velicl, for the falting, curing, of toVorfcit 50I. preferving of fifh, under the powers and authorities by this ad$ and the fait given or granted, every fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for every (hall be for-fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fifty pounds; and all fait fo feited. concealed, embezzled, fold, difpofed of, or carried or conveyed -*away, together with the package containing the fame, (hall be forfeited, and the fame (hall and may be leized by any officer or'Jfficers of the cuftoms or excife.

XVI.	And be it further enabled, That it (hall be lawful ?or h^rringr for any perfon or perfons to take, purchafe, and fait and Prc-'™ ^ her- * ferve herrings in bulk, either for the purpofe of curing the Vings or far • fame as red herrings or for immediate exportation to Ireland •>[exportation ; ; and fuch perfon (hail be allowed fuch and the like quantity of Ireland,!the fait for every cran (confiding-of thirty-four gallons of fuch:be

herrings) allowed a* for

 VjOOvLC

rules of this *&, Scc.

996 Anno rcgni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 21. [1803,’

herrings in herrings) as is allowed for curing and preferring herrings in confunT tion* f°r ^ome confumption; provided the mafter of fuch vcflcl onVhe	fball comply with and conform to the feveral rules, regulations,

tor’* comply, and reftri&ions by this aft dire&ed; and provided a]fo, that the ing with tlve mafter of every yeflel intending to export herrings in bulk to jIreland, (hall make a like entry and oath, with the officer of excife at the port neareft to which the herrings* on board his !	veffel (fyall have been taken, as is required by this aft to be made

■	for or in refpe<5l of veffels arriving with falted fifh to be landed at

y	any port in Great Britain, and (hall permit and allow the proper

Excife ofheersjomcer of excife, to infpeft, examine, and take account of all / may take an .fuch herrings accordingly. aUchards°cur ' XVII. And whereas it is expedient to enmrpgt tie fib effuth ed amt packed Pochards for home confumptiou as mqy be now in ftore} be it therefore in the cuftody ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the proper of any entered officer or officers of excife, to take an immediate and true fifh carer, and account of all pilchards which, at the timp of taking fuch tionofaPUJU atcount> IhaU be well and pcrfcftly cured and packed in barrels, month fhall i and which (hall be or remain in the cuftody or pofleffionof any give him a de* tegular and entered fifli curer; and fuch officer or officers 21 benture of tht ^ncj after fa expiration of one month after he or they (hall barrels™* { *lave taken flIcb account, ?nd afeertained the true number Before fuch \ 0f barrels of fuch pilchards, (hall give to the proprietor or account is owner thereof a debenture fpecifying the exaft and true number taken, the of barrels of fuch pilchards fo cured and packed asaforefaid: owner,^upqa provided always, That before the proper officer or officers of ed^lhaH^111^. c*c^e (ball ra^e any fuch account a? aforefaid, the owner or deliver a de-; proprietor of fuch pilchards (hall, upon being thereunto re-claration of quired by the proper officer of excife, forthwith deliver to fuch officer a declaration in writing, fpecifying the exaft and true pilchards in. number of barrels of pilchards in his cuftody or poflitfion, and bis cuftody, . whether any debenture has been made out or granted, or and whether any bounty allowed or paid for any, and if for any, for how has beenIltUre ma°'V barrels of fuch pilchards, on pain of forfeiting, for every nTad/out or nco^c^ or refufal to make fuch declaration, or for any faife or bounty allow- -untrue declaration, to the fum of one hundred pounds, cd, on penalty XVIII. And be it fur.ther ena&ed, That upon any fuch de-of tool. benttire as aforefaid being produced to the collector of excife, of the* col left ion in' which the fiih cuter to whom the fane Was given or granted (hall rejide, fuch collector (hall, and is hereby authorised and required, out of any money in his har.is arifin^ from the duty on fair, to pay to fuch filh curer fuel bounty as he would have been entitled unto in calc luch pilchards had been duly and 'truly exported ; :my thing in any aft or ads of parliament, or in this a<;t, to the contrary in any wife not-WKhftanding.

XIX.	And be it further enacled, That when and fo fooa as any officer or officers of excife, (ball have taken an account of and afeertained the true number cf barrels of pilchards in the cuftody or pofleffion of any fuch entered fifh cuter as aforchni,

Op prodoc-of xhe (Iciberiturt to the colle&or ofcxcife, he fhall pay the fame bounty as pn pilchards tx- . ported.

Officer (hpll brand barrels of y hich an account Jhall have been



taken.

luefc

 L^OOQle

u, S\

997



t8oo.] Anno regni quadragefimoprimo Georgii Ifr. c tu

fuch officer or officers (hall forthwith bum or brand diftin&Jy on each barrel the letters B. A. to denote that the fame has been taken an account of, and the bounty allowed thereon.

XX,	And be it further ena&ed, That if any fifh curer or Penalty of ; other perfon whatever (hall alter or deface any mark burnt *°°hfor	j

or branded upon any barrel of pilchards, or (ball repack anyJ^rkTon	;

pilchards upon which any bounty fl\pll have been allowed, or ^rcli, kzf\ otherwife attempt or endeavour to obtain credit for or payment ,	J

of any bounty upon any pilchards for which a bounty fyad	J

been before allowed or paid, or for the payment of which bounty any debenture (hall have been made out or granted, every fifh curer or other perfon, fo offending, (hall, for every . fuch offence, forfeit the fuen of two hundred pounds.

XXJ. And be it further enacted, That before the bounty on Before any -any debenture (hall be paid by any collector of excife, the bounty mall owner or proprietor of the prlchards, by whom fuch bounty ■ pa»d on (hall be claimed, (hall make oath that no bounty whatever has owner^all * been paid, recovered, or allowed, nor any debenture made out make oath or granted for or in refpeft of the pilchards, or any part thereof, that no which are or (hall be mentioned or fpecified in fuch debenture bounty ha* and that all fuch pilchards are well and perfectly cured and that* U^ey arcr packed, and are good and merchantable ftfh ; which oath fuch merchantable collector is hereby authorised and empowered to adminifter. • fifh.

XXII. And be it further enabled. That it (hall and may be Such pil-lawful to and for the proprietor of owner of fuch pilchards, oi charts may le to and for any other perfon or perfons who may be legally	tion*

entitled to the fame, to fell or difpofe of fuch pilchards, or any or part thereof, either for home confumption or for exportation, tation, but fubjedl neverthelefs, if exported, to £he rules, regulations, and only in the proviftons, to which the exportation cf pilchards is now liabler^^udef^' provided always, That no fuch pilchards (hall at any time be^id by (old or difpofed of, fave and except in the original barrels, retail in left marked and branded by the proper officer or officers of the quantify than -revenue, unlefs fuch pilchards (hall be fold by retail in lefta hanel. quantity than one barrel, and in cafe any fifo curer or other perfon or perfons, fhail fell or difpofe of any pilchards contrary to the directions of this a£t, he, file, dr they (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted. That no further or other

bounty than that which is given and granted by this a£f, that given by (hall be claimed, paid, or allowed, for or in refpefl of any thisih/di pilchards for which a debenture for the bounty granted by this be paid for a& has been made out, for or on account of any fuch pilchards ^llch Pochard*

( being exported; any thing in this or any other adf or ads ofe ?01 e “ parliament, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. ,	„ ,	.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed. That no bond or fecurity certificate to given or tgken for fait to be ufed Qr employed in curing or be fubied to preferving fifh, nor any certificate made out in relation to any ftaropduty. fuch fait, (hall be fubjecl to any ftamp duties; any thing in this

' or any other adt or ac\s of parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXV. And

 VjOOQlC

998 Apno	regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. u. [1800,

jNo fee fhall	XXV. And be it further enafted, That no fee, gratuitji

/ betaken by

or reward, (hall be taken or received by any officer or officers ! the revenue	0? tbe avenue, for or on pretence off reparing or making out

on penalty of - any bond, certificate, or permillion required by this aft, or for or under any other account or pretence whatever, on pain of ' /	* forfeiting the fum of five pounds.

( Penalty of * XXVI. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or ' \ {^certifU^* Per^ons counterfeit, Ifbrge, or alter, or caufe to be coun*

‘ cates, &c." terfeited, forged, or altered, any certificate in any cafe in which a certificate is by this aft required to be ufed, given, or granted, or fiiajl forge, counterfeit, or alter, or caufe to be forged, coww terfeited, or altered, any indorsement or any fuch certificate,every fuch perfon fo offending Hull forfeit five hundred pounds. j Perfons tak-|* XXVII. And be it further enafted, That any perfon Of ' to^beUable perfons who fhall be convifted of wilfully taking a falfc oath 1 to the penal- in any of the cafes in which an oath is required to be taken / ties for per- by this aft, fhall be liable to the pains and penalties to which \	•	perfons are liable for wilful and corrupt penury.

\ Penalty of XXVII f. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or aool. for perfons whatever fhall refitt, oppofe, moleft, hinder, or obftruft, , o^cerf any °®cer or °fficcrs of the cuftoms or excife in the due execution of this aft, every fuch perfon or perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds.

/ Cargoes may XXIX. And be it further enafted, That it fhall and may be be unladen lawful for the owners or ccmfignees of any fuch cargo of fi/h,

^te<^	cured under the provifions of this aft, or the mailer

proper (except	anY ^ucb Ve^ cn anY fucb ™ aforefaid, under

iis to excife ' this aft, to difeharge and unlade, and caufe to be difeharged officers).	and unladen, all fuch fi(h as aforefaid, by fuch perfons, and in

’ v	fuel! manner, and at fuch times and places, (except as is

provided by this aft with refpeft to the officers of excife), a fuch owners, or confignees, or matters, refpeftively, (hall judge proper j and no perfon or perfons employed by any fuch owner, ! confignee, or mafter, in unloading any fuch n(h,or difeharging 1 anv fuch veflfel, fhall be liable to any penalty or forfeiture, cr 1 fubjeft to any reftriftion in refpeft thereof; and no port or other I fees or dues (hall be payable or paid in refpeft of the un* ] loading of any fuch full or difcharging of any fuch vefe', -any ad or afts, law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary m» r ’ withftanding. employed11 in -	XXX- And be !t briber enafted, That no perfon engazri

taking 1 or or employed in the taking, catching, falting, curing, or prefer'- j] curing'fifh or ing, any fiffi, under the provifions of this aft, or who (hall b?' preparing to preparing to depart on board of or with any veffel, and nets U . voyageda	tbe PurP°fe of	engaging in taking,	catching, faking, curing, r:

returning	preferving fifh,	under this	aft, nor	any perfon returning there*	r

' therefrom,	from, lhall be	imprefled	into his	Majefty's fervice, but ih:.!.	i

^dfcdVii?"	and *s hercby	Pr*vilcged	and exempted therefrom until t	.

eS.V.ioi. ^teentb da)* °f Ofiober one thousand eight hundred and on:* * upon certifi- provided always, That every luch perfon preparing to prexr^- ■

care from the 0n any voyage or trip under this act, (hall be furnished vr^: officers of the-.	:-

cuftoms. I i	f

 L,ooQle

jSoo.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. »2.	999

certificate from the collector or comptroller of the cufloms at or

near the port or place to which he may belong or refide, rhat

he is a&ually and bomi fide preparing to proceed on fuch voyage

or trip, which certificate fuch colledor or comptroller is hereby

directed and required to deliver to every fuch perfon as afore-

faid applying for the fame, without fee or reward.

XXXI.	And whereas by an ad9 made in the thirty-eighth year

of the reign of bis prefent Majefiy, intituled, An ad for tranI- Bounty gr /erring the management of the fait duties to the commiflioners ed by 38^10 of excife, and for repealing the duties on fait, and the draw- 3* c- *9* o*1 backs, allowances, and bounties paid thereout, and for grant- difeomin^ed"8 ing other duties, drawbacks, allowances, and bounties, thereon, until Oft. a bounty of two Jhillings and eight-pence was granted on every barrel 1801. of white herrings, containing thirty-two gallons, which floculd be duly exported to parts beyond the feas : and whereas it is expedient that the Jiaid bounty Jhould be difeontinued for a limited time$ be it therefore enadied, That the faid bounty (hail be difeontinued until the fifteenth day of 'October one thoufand eight hundred and one, fave and except any arrears of bounty that may be due before the paffing of this a&.

XXXII.	And be k further enabled. That all fines, penalties, Recovery and and forfeitures, impofed by this adl, (hall be fued for, recovered, aPPhcaUOH ©f levied, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means, or methods, aspena eS* any fine, penalty, or forfeiture pay be fued for, recovered,

fcvied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excil'e, or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVefiminfier, or in the court of ^exchequer in Scotland9 refpe&ively; and rhat one moiety of any fuch tine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty, his heir's and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him, or them, who will inform, discover, or fue for the fame.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena<5led, That this a<ft fhall commence and take effe& from the day on which the fame Iball receive the royal afient, and (hall remain and continue in force until the fifteenth day of October one thoufand eigh£ hundred and one.

CAP. XXII,

fin aCt to authorife his Majefiy to appoint commijfioners for the morg effectual examination of accounts of publish expenditure for his Mayfly's forces in the Weft Indies during the prefent war, —[Dec. 31, 1800.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that provifion Jhould be made fox Preamble.* the fpeedy and effectual examination on the fpot of the counts of the feveral commijfaries and ether perfons in publish gmploymentSy who have been or who may be entrufed with the expenditure of the publish money during the prefent war, in ar4y of the ijlands in the Weft Indies, or with any of his Majefiy s forces fervmg out of this kingdom > for the information of the commfihngrs Vqu XWI.	Ttt	fir

yGoO£

 >

His Majefty may appoint five comraif-fi oners for examining

zooo Anno regni quadragefimo primoGeorgii III. c. 22. [1800.

for auditting the publick accounts, and for. the better enabling if the faid commijftoners to invejligate fucb accounts, be it therefore cnadedby the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com* noons, in this prelent parliament aifembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the paffing of this ad, it (hall be lawful for his Majefty to nominate and appoint, by comtniffion under the great feal of Great Britain, fuch and fuch number of perfons* not exceeding five, to be commiffioners for the accounts examining and inveftigating the publick accounts, of all the com* riesa^others m^ar*es anc^ other perfons whohave been or who may be concern* employed in in *hc expenditure of publick monies during the prefent war, in the Weft any of the iflands in the IVeJl Indies, or who have been or may be Indies and on employed with any of his Majefty's forces, on any foreign \dce'gand ferv*cc or ftation, and making reports thereon, to the com* •makingreports miffioners for auditing the publick accounts: provided always, thereon to the That the governor, or in the abfence of the governor, the commiffioners lieutenant governor, or perfon afting as governor, and the nTbHck ac2 commander in chief of his Majefty’s forces for the time being, counts. ** if any fuch there be in the ifland or place where any inveftigauon The governor, under the authority of this act (hall take place, and where See., of the fUch commiffioners (hall for the time being aft in the cx* al waysbe one ccut*on *beir °®ces> ffiall be of the number of fuch com-* miffioners.

The treafury H. And be it further enafted, That the lord high treaiurer, officers and1 t*le commiffioners of the treafury, or any three of them for clerks to affift the time being, (hall be, and he or they are hereby authorifed the commit- to appoint fuch officers and clerks and other perfons, to aid and affift fuch commiffioners as aforefaid, in the execution of their offices, as (hall appear to them to be nccefliry from time to time, with fuch falaries to each as they (hall judge proper, and to allow fuch reafonable fums as to them (hall leem fit, from time to time, for incidental charges to be incurred therein ; and fuch officers, clerks, and other perfons, (hall not in any cafe whatever be entitled to, or take, or receive, any fees, gratuities, or perquifites whatever.

III.	And be further ena&cd, That the faid commiffioners, or any two of them, (hall be, and they are hereby authorifed

........ and required to call before-them by precepts, under the hands

concerned in of any two or mark, of fuch commiffioners, all perfons who (hail theexpendi-	jn	any	cafe have	been	concerned in the	expenditure of anr

°*P;1 "	publick	money, or who	lhall have been in	anyway	concerned

lick monies,	.	, ,	/•	> *	r	*a»*	,'»»	»*

or in furnifh-	m	the	fupplymg	or furmlhing any money, bills,	provinons,

fog ftores, &c. (lores, or other articles for the publick fervice, or any perfon

who in their judgement may be likely to give ufeful information

on the fubjeift of any enquiry which may be depending in any

fuch ifland or place aforefaid, or in negotiating bills, and

, the agents, clerks, and fervants of any fuch perfons aforefaid,

to attend upon them perfonally from time to time, as they Cud

be required, and to exhibit to them the faid commiffioDtrs, or

ary

/loners, and allow them faianes.

Commiflion-ers may call before them all perfons

f I

 

i8oo.] Anno regni quadrage/imo primo Georgii III. c. 22# 1001

any two or more of them, all fuch accounts, bodks, certificates, warrants, muniments, receipts, bills of exchange, notes, or other papers whatever, in the poffeffion of any fuch perfon or perfons, or of any other perfon or pcrfons for him, her, or them, which to Inch commiffioners, or any two or more of them, fhal] appear to be necelTary for the purpofe of their examination of any expenditure of any publick monies, or for the inveftigation of any publick accounts, or of the rate of exchange, at which bills have been or may be drawn, or for the due execution of any of the duties impofed upon any fuch commiffioners aforefaid.

IV. And be it further ena&ed, That if any perfon or Perfons refuf-perfons fummoned to appear before fuch commiffioners, or or^o°rocf^c^ any two of them, fhall negledfc or refufe to appear before fuch accounts °orC 1 commiffioners as aforefaid, or any two of them, or to bring anfwer quef-or produce any accounts, books, certificates, warrants, muni- tions, may be ments, receipts, bills of exchange, notes, or other papers what- proceeded ever, that fhall be in his, her, or their poffeffion or cuftody, or in manner11 the cuftody or polfeiTion of any other perfon or perfons for him, herein-her, or them, or fhall refufe to anfwer to fuch commiffioners, direded* or any two of them, any queftion on oath or affirmation, touching or concerning any matter or thing relating to any fuch accounts, books, certificates, warrants, muniments, receipts, bills of exchange, or other papers, or fhall refufe to anfwer any queftion on oath or affirmation, relating to any matter or thing in anywife refpe&ing the expenditure of the publick money inquired of by the faid commiffioners, or any two of them, or in the execution of their office under this a<ft, then and in every fuch cafe it (hajl be lawful for the laid commiffioners to make or caufe to be made fumonary application to any court * or courts of juftice in any fuch ifland or place aforefaid, in that behalf, if any fuch court fhall be then fitting, or if no fuch court (hall be then fitting, then fuch application fhall be made to the chief juftice or other judge of any fuch court, and every fuch court or chief juftice or judge refpedfively, is hereby authorifed and ftriefty required, on fuch application fo made as aforefaid, to iflue fuch fpecial procefs againft the perfon or perfons who fhall have been guilty of fuch default as aforefaid, as fuch court or chief juftice or judge may deem neceffary, to compel the appearance, before fuch commiffioners of any fuch perfon or perfons, or the production of any fuch accounts, books, certificates, warrants, muniments, receipts, bills of exchange, or other papers as aforefaid, or to compel fuch perfon or perfons to anfwer any fuch queftion or queftions as aforefaid; and fuch commiffioners may thereupon proceed upon fuch fpecial proccfs by impriforiment of the body of any fuch perfon as aforefaid,in like manner as any court or courts of record within this kingdom, haying competent authority for that purpofe, may proceed againft any perfon or perfons, for any /Contempt committed againft the authority gf any fuch court.

j y r 2	V.	Andy





Commiffion-ers may take examinations on oath*

Per fon s.giving falle evidence fuhjeft to the puniihment for perjury.

1002 Anno regni quadragefimo pritno Georgii 111. c. u. [1800.

V; Andy for the rendering more effectual alljucb exosmnatim as are intended to be had under this be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful for any fuch commiffioners as aforc&k), or any two of them, and they are hereby refpeftively authorised and required to examine upon oath, (which oath they, or any two or more of fuch commiilioners, are hereby authorised to adminifter), all perfons whom they (hall find occafion to call before them, and all other perfons whom the (aid commiffioners, or any two or more of them, (hall think §t to examine, touching all matters and things ncceffary for the due execution of the powers veiled in any fuch commiffioners as aforefaid.

VI. And be it further enafted, That in cafe any perfott or perfons in the courfe of their examination upon oath before any fuch commiffioners as aforefaid, (hall wilfully and corruptly give falfe evidence, fuch perfon or perfons fo offending,and being thereof duly convifted, (hall be, and is and are hereby de-/	dared	to	be fubjeft and liable to fuch pains and penalties as by

any law now in being in this kingdom, or by any law or laws in force for the time being, in any ifland or place aforefaid, where fuch offence (hall be committed, as perfons convifted of wilful and corrupt perjury are fubjed and liable to.

Aft not to VII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That powers of the not^,n6 *n l^is a<^ contained (hall extend, or be conflrued to commiflioners extend, to the preventing the commiffioners for auditing the for auditing publick accounts from inveftigating or paffing or making op any accounts, or declarations of accounts, or in any manner to the limiting the jurifdiftion, or powers or authorities of the commiffioners for auditing the publick accounts, or to the transferring to any commiffioners acting under the authority of this ad, any of the powers or authorities of the commiffioners for auditing the publick accounts, but that, on the contrary thereof, that all commiffioners afting under the authority o; this aft (ball ad in aid only of the (aid commiffioners for auditing the publick accounts, and (hall, from time to ti&e, whenever required fo to do, by the faid commffionm for auditing the publick accounts, or any three of them, tranfmitor deliver to fuch commiffioners for auditing the publick accounts all papers, vouchers, documents, and examinations, procured cr taken in any inveftigation under this aft, for the purpofc ci enabling fuch commiffioners for auditing the publick account finally to audit, declare, and pafs fuch accounts as aforefaid; and it (hall be lawful for the faid commiffioners for auditing the publick accounts to proceed therein upon any report or oftbeVommlf- any commiffioners afting under this aft, figned by any three« iioners under more of any fuch commiffioners, in like manner, in even relpeft, as if the inveftigation of the accounts contained in r.r fuch report had been made in this kingdom, under and b virtue of any powers or authorities Yelled in fuch commit

publick accounts.

who may proceed on any report

this aft, as if investigation had been made in this kingdom.

  *

crs for auditing the publick accounts, by an adl, pafled in	»

the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An all for better examining and auditing the public k accounts of this kingdom.

W'

CAP. XXIII.

An all for making the port of Amfterdam in the if and of Curasao a free port.—[Dec. 31, 1800.]

r HERE AS by feveral alls made in the twenty feventh, thir~ Preambfe, tieth, thirty-firjl, thirtyfeiond, thirty-third) and thirty-eighth 17 Geo. 3. years of the reign of his prefent Majefly, it is provided, that wool, *7* cotton wool, indigo, cochineal, drugs of all forts, cocoa, tobacco, ^0^c0' logwood, fiiftic, and all forts of wood fir dyers ufe, hides, jkins, and (>co. 3, tallow, heaver and all forts of furs, tortoife Jhell, hardwood, or mill c. 3?. timber, mahogany, and all other goods for cabinet ware, horfes, 3* Geo. 3. ajfes, mules, and cattle, being the growth and production of anyc* of the colonies or plantations in America, belonging to or under c. 50. and* the dominion of any foreign European fovereign or fate, and 38 Geo. 3. all coin and bullion, diamonds, or precious Jlones, may be importedc* 39* from any of the fiid colonies or plantations into the feveral ports of Kingfton, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, Santo Lucea, and Antonio, in the ifland of Jamaica, the port of Saint George in the ifland of Grenada, the port of Rofeau in the ifland of Dominica, the port of Naflau in the ifland 0/New Providence one of the Bahama Jflands, and the port of Saint John’s in the ifland of Antigua, in any foreign floop, febooner, or other veffel whatever, not having more than one deck, and owned and navigated in the manner therein preferibed, and, together with other goods and commodities mentioned in the faid alts, maybe exported from thence under certain regulations and rejlrillions : and whereas	>

it is expedient to permit the goods and commodities herein-before enumerated, to be in like^manner imported into the port of Amfterdam in the ifland of Curasao, and, together withfuch other goods and commodities, to be in like manner exported from thence; be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the paffing of this a£t, all The goods the goods and commodities herein-before enumerated and de- nfcTate^may feribed, (hall and may be imported into the port of Amfterdam be imported in the ifland of Curasao in the like foreign (hips and veflels, into the port and, together with fuch other goods and commodities mentioned of Amfterdam in the faid a&s, or any of them, be exported from thence to fuch ^ “raa^ part of his Majefty’s dominions to which the exportation of the exported from fame is permitted by any of the faid adls, under the feme, rules, thence with regulations, and reftri&ions, and fubjedt to the like penalties and forfeitures for breach thereof, to be recovered and applied fioncd^fthe in the manner in the faid adh or any of them mentioned and recited adh contained.

CAP.

T T T 3





Preamble.

33 Geo. 3. c.4.

38 Geo. 3. c.50. & 77.

Continuance of recited a<5ts*

cap. XXIV.

r

An aft for continuing, until fix months after the mclufm cf e general peace, three afts, made in the thirty-third and thirty* eighth years of his prefent Majefty s reign, for efiahlijhing rtfrictions refpefthig aliens arriving in this kingdom, or refidat therein, in certain cafes.— [Dec. 31, 1800.]

WHEREAS an aft was made in the thirty-third year if tie reign of hit prefent Majefiy, intituled, An acl for eiti-blifhing regulations refpefting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or refident therein in certain cafes, which was to he in fret until the firfi day of January one thoufand fmn hundred and ninety four, and from thence to the end of the then next fefan of parliament; and which by feveral fubfequent afts was mtkued until the fir ft day of July one thoufand feven hundred and miy* nine: and whereas by two afts, made in the thirty-eighth yiar of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, the Jaid aft was amrJtd, and further continued until the firfi day of Auguft one th ud eight hundred, and from thence to the end of the then next j fix of parliament: and whereas the faid afts, made in the tbirt\*i:;>ri and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his prefent Majtjly, hole las found ufcful and expedient \ be it therefore ena&ed by the King's mofk excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid afts, made in the thirty* third and thirty-eighth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and all the powers and provifions therein contained (hall be, and the fame are hereby further continued until fix months after the concluiion of a general peace.

C A P. XXV.

Ah aft for allowing the importation of undreffed hemp fin w ‘ of the countries that lie within the limits of the exdujht tide of the Ea(t India company free of duty,—[Dec. 31, 1800.]

Preamble.

From Jan. 1, 1801, undreflect hemp from the countries within the ex-clolive trade of the Eaft India com-

W HERE AS it is expedient that the importation of undnjii hemp, or any other vegetable fu fiance of the nature oil quality of undreffed hemp, and applicable to the fame ptirp:ir.% being of the growth or proiuftion of any of the countries within the limits of the cxclujive trade of the Eaft India company, fi/J be encouraged\ be it enafted by the King's moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Ipintual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament allemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the firfi day of January*one thoufand eight hundred and one, alien-dreficd hemp, or any other vegetable fubftance of the ruuure and quality of undrefted hemp, and applicable to the fame pur-pofes, being of the growth or production of any of the countries within the limits of the exclufivc trade of the EojI Ida

com-

 

i8oo.]Annoregniquadragefimoprimo Georgii	1005

company, may be imported into this kingdom, in <he fame P**}Y> m*y manner, and under the like rules, regulations, and reftridlions, ^Jny^ther as any other goods or commodities, the produce of the faid Jfree countries, may now by law be imported, without being fubjed from duty, or liable to any duty whatever; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein ®“ft.the contained Ihall prevent or hinder the united company °^ny maywcfve merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, from demanding the duty pay-' and receiving any duty or allowance now due and payable able to them, to the faid company by virtue of any a<5t or adts of parliament.

CAP. XXVI.

An a If for continuing until the fir ft day of June one thoufand eight hundred and one, the feveral allsfor regulating the turnpike roads in Great Britain, which expire at the end of the prefent , fejftoti of parlia?ncnt.—[Dec. 31, iSoo.J

WHEREAS it is expedient that .the fever al alls for making. Preamble.

amending, and repairing the turnpike roads in Great Britain, which will expire at the end of the prefent feffion of parliament,

Jhould he continued for a limited time $ be it therefore enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and witH the advice and Arts For mak-confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this ingand re-prefent parliament atfembled, and by the authority of the fame* pairing tum-That all and every adt and adfs of parliament for making, amending, and repairing, any turnpike roads in Great Britain, expire at the w hich w ill expire at the end of the prefent feffion of parliament, end of the fhall be, and the fame is and are hereby continued until the firft prefent feffion, day of June one thoufand eight hundred and one.	Unued until"

,	CAP.	XXVII.	June 1,1801.

An a<5tfor extending the time for the payment of certain* fums of money advanced by way of loan to feveral perfons conneded with ana trading to the iilands of Grenada and Saint Viuccnt.—[Dec. 31, 1800.]

CAP. XXVIII.

An all to explain, amende and render more effe final, the feveral afis made in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and in the laft feffion of parliament, for the redemption and purchafe of the land tax.— [Dec. 31, 180Q.]

WHER.EAS it is expedient that feveral of the powers and Preamble proviftons contained in the feveral afis for the redemption of the land tax Jhould be explained and enlarged \ be it therefore enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alTembled, and by the authority

T t t 4	of

ioo6 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii 111. c. 28. [180:1

Where (lock of the fame, That, where any bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other perfon or perfons, have transferred, or nay hereafter transfer, to the commiffioners for the redudion of the national debt, on account of the redemption of land tax, any consolidated or reduced three pounds per centum bank annuities, which ought not to be transferred for that purpofe, then and in commiffioners ca^e> uPon a certificate figned by any three or more of the for the reduc- commiflioners for the affairs of taxes, that fuch bankmnuitie ought not to have been fo transferred, it fhall be lawful for the laid commiffioners for the redu&ion of the national debt, or any one or more of them, and they or he are or is hereby required to re-transfer the fa id bank annuities unto the bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other perfon or perfons by whom the fame were transferred to them, and wherever it fhall appear to the fatisfa&ion of the faid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, that any fum or fums of money (hall have been commiflioners paid to any receiver general or his deputy, on account of the

is transferred for the redemption of land tax, which ought not to have been, the

tion of the national debt may, on certificate from the commiffioners for. taxes, retransfer the fame, and the latter

may order money, paid improperly to receiver generals for fuch redemption, to be repaid to the parties.

39 & 40 Geo. 3. c.30. # f. 10, recited, and the pro-vifo extended to purchafes made before the parting of the atf, and fo much thereof as makes the perfons entitled to the rents chirge-

fedemption of land tax, which ought not to haye been fo paid, then it fhall be lawful for the faid commiffioners for the affairs of taxes, or any thfee or more of them, to order and direct fuch receiver general or his deputy to repay all fuch monies to the bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other perfon or perfons who (hall appear to have paid the fame, and the receipt and receipts of fuch bodies politick or corporate, or companies* and other perfon or perfons, (hall be /iffifot difeharges for fuch bank annuities fo re-transferred, or monies fo repaid as aforefaid, and all fuch dividends and arrears or dividend fhall be iflued from the receipt of the exchequer, and be payable at the bank of England, for and in refpect ol the hid bank annuities which fhall be fo re-transferred by the com-fniflioners for the redu&ion of the national debt, to any bod es politick or corporate, or companies, or other perfon or perfons as aforefaid, as would have been payable thereon, in cafe tire fame bank annuitieshad not been transferred to the faid lad mentioned commiflioners.

II* And whereas by an aft, pajjid in the laflfejfion effarknuri, intituled. An a& for extending, from the twenty-filth diy ot March one thoufand eight hundred, until the twenty-filth ay of March one thoufand eight hundred and one, the period ot' preference, granted and continued by feveral ads to bo,:** corporate and perfons, for the redemption of land tax, and lor enlarging feveral of the powers contained ia the faid ads, itn enabled, That when the r ever fun of any manors, meffuagts, mu, tenements, or hereditaments, holden by any leafe, which it fuhjiti 11 any will or fet clement, Jball be purchafed by or with the frtur monies of the perjon or perfons for the time being henficialh t&vi to the rents or pt of is thereof, the immediate fates end vieujk -i well as the reverfion expectant thereon, Jball be charged ilA ^ id

able with the fnade fubjefl to, the re-payment of the principal money to healvjzA intereft accru- r ./ '	,	>	r	r	/	r	‘i-.nr	r	1

cd during Jor tbe Purchaje °f Jticb reverfion, with iKlertjt for the jm, as tkt

their ertate commiffioners app Anted by Utters patent under tbe guss fid jhd

thciiinlhall	*	dirts}:

 

yi u.

*. 'T,

*. *a

~:n

: - 31

;c

*:r

Mia

'• 'fc

■*:f vv:i ;'JS



-*:S

*;*



,3?

( I <f

\ii

.jj

V

J

v

y

/

./

d

t‘

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo primo Geokgii III. c. 1007

dirrfl:	provided., that the perfons entitled fuccejftvely to the rents arid DOt extend

prof. its of fuch manors, mrjfuages, lands, tenements1 and hereditaments r effectively Jhall he made chargeable with the inter eft accrued during m0ney for his or her eflate therein, and that no greater arrear than for one the purchafe year Jhall be recoverable againjl any perfon who Jhall become entitled °f reversions in remainder for interefl accrued during the eftate or term of any perfon or perjons entitled to any preceding ejlate or inter eft in the ieafC{J with premifes: now be it enaefted and declared. That the faid lad their own recited provision {hall extend to purchafes, and contracts for monies, or purchafes, made or entered into before the paffing of the faid ^ntsofthe laft recited acf, as well as to thofe made and entered into eftate> unjcfff after the palling thereof: provided neverthelefs. That fo much they confent of the faid provifion, as makes the perfon entitled to the rents thereto; and and profits of fuch mahors, meffuages, lands, tenemenrs, and *^fon8U<hall hereditaments, chargeable with the intereft accrued during his become pur-or her eftate therein, IhaJl not extend to the cafe of any chalersotfuch perfon advancing money for the purchafe of any fuch reverfiem, reverftons and who (hall not be liable to any covenant, engagement, or not figmfy inch condition to renew-the Jeafe at the accultomed periods, with reverfiem ftiaTI his or her own monies, or with or out of the rents and profits be chargeable of the edate, unlefs he or die (hall confent thereto in writing ; with the and. in cafe any fuch perfon, not being liable as aforelaid, mtereft to now hath, or fliall hereafter become the purchafer of fuch from^hV'firne reverfion, and not fignify fuch confent, the faid reverfion (hall 0f purchafe be chargeable with intcred, to accumulate from the time of till the expi-fuch purchafe till the expiration of the exiding leafe, after ration of the dedurfting-out of fuch intered the annual rent (if any) which £* ,n* c 9 lhall be payable during the Jeafe, and which {hall have been purchafed with the reveifion.

III. And whereas, by the aft pa[fed in the thirty - eighth year of&peo' the reign of his prejent Majejly for purchaftng. and redeeming the c* °* land tax, it was enacted. That the manors, mejfuages, lands, tenements,

or hereditaments, which jhould be fold by auction according to the proviftons thereof, Jlmhi be exempt from any duty payable on fales by authors-> but doubts have been entertained, whether the faid duty No au&ion ought not to be paid in rejpeft of the furplus money arifing by fuch fales, where the produce exceeds the jums required to be raijedfor any*part of the purpofes of the faid aft: now, for removing fuch doubts, be monies anting it ena&ed and declared, That no duty (hall be payable in refpe& by fale of of any part of the monies arifing by fale of any manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which already (™t ofthe have been or lhall hereafter be fold under the powers or pro- commiffioners vifions contained in any of the aefts relating to the redemption for the pur-and purchafe of land tax, with the confent and approbation P°^C8 of any of the commi-flioners appointed by warrant under the toth^redemp-royal fign manual, or by letters patent under the great leal of tionofthe - Great Britain, for the purpofes of fuch refpeftive a<5ts.	land tax.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That any deed or deeds re- Deedscnrolled, quired by the faid a&s, or any of them, to be enrolled or within fix regiftered, lhall he valid and effectual, although the fame {hall

hot hive been enrolled or regiftered within the periods pre- mail be

Tcribed valid.

 Goc zle

ioo8 Arrno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III, c. 28. [18001

fcribed by the faid'ads, provided the fame be enrolled or regiftered within fix calendar months after the paSng of this adfc.

ter tons who V. And be it further ena$ed, That all perfons, bodies, cor-haV^>	Poradons, or companies, who, in their contrads for the rc-

m option to <5cmPrj°n land tax> have declared an option to be confided be confulered on the footing of perfons not interefted in the manors, mef-on the foot- fuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, comprized io ing of perfons fuch contra&s, and who, by an adt parted in the thirty-ninth

From what period** the lands (hall be exonerated from tax.

not mterefted an(j fortjeth yCars 0f the reign 0f his prefent Majefty, were

may apply to allowed to make application to the refpeftivc coromiflioncrt the commif- appointed under the King’s fign manual, at any time within fioners for the fpace of three calendar months from the twenty-fifth day the famefrom March one thoufand eight hundred, for the purpofe of land t*x, exonerating the faid manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, within fix and hereditaments from land tax, (hall be at liberty to make months from application for that purpofe to the faid commiflioners rc-Dec.ij, 1800. fpe$ivc]y at any time within the fpace of fix calendar months from the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand eight hundred; and that all fuch a&s, matters, and things (hill be done by fuch perfons, bodies, corporations, and companies refpe&ively, for the purpofe of exonerating the faid manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments from land tax, as by the faid laft mentioned a& are required to be done in like cafes, within the period of throe months, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred: provided always. That in all cafes where no additional confideration (hall be to be transferred or paid for fuch exoneration, the fa d manors, mefluages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments (half be exonerated from thc faid land tax only from the end of the quarter next preceding the day of the date of the certificate of the faid commiflioners indorfed upon the comradt where the declaration of the option therein (hall be ftruck out by them, or next preceding the day of the date of the contrad, where the faid commiflioners (hall refeind the contract in which the option (hall have been declared, and (hall grant a new contnd; and in all cafes where an additional confidcration (hall be ,to be transferred or paid for fuch exoneration, the faid manors, mefluages, -lands, tenements, and hereditaments, (hall be exonerated from the land faid tax only from the end of the quarter next preceding the day of the transfer dr payment ot fuch additional confideration.

VI.	And whereas by on aft, pajfed in the thirty-ninth okIferlitf fc. *0. years °f hi* Majejlfs reign, intituled. An ad for extending, from recited; and * the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred, where the	until the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufand eight hundred

revrrii ners	ancj one> the period of preference, granted and continued by

tied 'to' the11* fcveral atfs to bodies corporate and perfons, for the redemption rents referved, of land tax, and for enlarging feveral of the powers contained the perfons fo in the faid a£ls, it is enabled, That it JbaU be lawful fsr t!l

t Ci

 LiOoq le

1800.] A$no regni qtiadragefimo primo Georgii Iff. c. 28, 1009

and every* perfon or perfons, who is or are or /kali, for the /#wf entitled may being, be entitled to the immediate reverjion or remainder in any J-* *jee0f the manors, me Judges, lands, tenements, or hereditaments which /hall lands. have been granted by any former owner or owners, for any beneficial leafe or leafes, or by any copy or copies of court roll, or by any other grant, according to the cu/lom of any manor, for life or lives, or years abfolute, or years determinable upon any life or lives, to fell and difpefe of the fee fiw.ple and inheritance of any fuch manors, meffuages, lands, tenements, end hereditaments, fubjeSl to the fu Ip fling interefs of the refpektive hjfces, copyholders, or other cujlcmary tenefnts, for the purpeje of railing money for the redemption of land tax as therein mentioned, in like manner and under the like r/frictions as he, fhe, or they could or might have done, in cafe fuch fubfifling leafchold and copyhold cjiates and inter ells had been granted by him, her, or them:	K

now be it enacted, Thor where fuch immediate reverfion or remainder is or fhall be veiled in any mortgagee or mortgagees* truftee or truilees, or other perfun or pcrlons not being in the actual receipt or perception of and beneficially entitled to the rents and ferviccs referred* or due or payable in refpcdl of fuch fubfifling interefls, then*and in fuch cafe it fhall be lawful lor the perlon or perfons who is, or are* or fhall, for .the time being, be in the actual receipt or perception oh and beneficially entitled to, fuch rents and fervices, to fell and difpofe of the fee iirnple and inheritance of fuch manors, mefijnges, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fubject, to the fubfifting interefis for the purpofe of and under the icllridtions mentioned or referred to in the faid lafl recited act, but neverthclefs without prejudice to the rights and interells of fuch trullee or truflccs, moftgigee or mortgagees, or other perfon or perfons in whom the immediate reverfion or remainder fhall be vefled.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That where any perfon or

perfons hath redeemed or fhall hereafter redeem Ins, her, o^thefrland

their land tax by or out of his, her, or their own perfona! cllatc, tax by any

or by or out of any trull property applicable to fuch re-other means

demption by virtue of the faid ad, or by any other means ! 11 ^ !ale’fcc*

, r , r i	,	J	J	. or demand

than by fale, mortgage, or grant to be made under the nn ^fi^nment

provifions of the faid acts; and alfo where any fuch perfon from purchaf.

or perfons fhall be entitled under the act paffed in the thirty-ers, they may

eighth year of his prefent Majeity’s reign, on the determination

of any precedent elfate, to demand an alignment of any contract w«iy as perfon®.

for the redemption of land tax from the perfon or perfons who author!led to»

fhall have entered into the fame, his, her, or their executors, reclt-ein the

adminiilrators, or alfigns, it (hall be lawful for all and every

fuch perfon or perfons, either for the purpofe of reimburfing

all fums laid out in the redemption of fuch land tax, or for the

purpofe of raifiug money to pdrehafe the alignment of any

contradl from the proprietor or proprietors thereof, to carry

into execution all and every or any of the powers by the (aid

feveral adls given in order to raife money by mortgage for '

the redemption of land-tax, in fuch and the fame manner, and

under and fubjedt to fuch and the fame rules, reftrittions, and

regu- T

Gbogle



ioio Anno regni quadragefimo primgGEORGii HI. c.29, [180c,

regulations in all refpe&s, as fuch perfonor perfons would b; \ been authorifed by the faid feveral adts to carry ioto execution the fame powers for the purpofe of redeeming any fuch land Mortgage	tax in the firft inftance: provided always, That the W

paid under	mortgage money (hall not be paid into the bank of EnglrnJ

order of the hut mall, under the order of the commiflioners who (ball be commiffioners authorifed the mortgage, be paid to the perfon or perfons endtld whoauthonf- |0 the benefit thereof, whole receiptor receipts, in purfuanceof gagc, to the	ordcr>	as	fully and effcdtually difeharge the ooit-

perfons enti- gagee or morgagees as the receipt or receipts of the calhier tied to the	of the bank of England would have done, in cafe the lame had

benefit there-	been paid into the bank purfuant to the diredions of the

remarnderpaid	a<^s	» hut the remainder only (if any) of luch mortgage

into the bank, money (hall, in purfuance of fuch order, be paid into the bank of England to the fame account, an<f (hall he applied in die 9 fame manner, and the cafhiers of the bank, or one of them, Jj are or is hereby required to give a receipt for the fame, and to caufe the fame to be inverted in the purchafe of three pounds per centum bank annuities, as if the whole mortgage money had been paid into the bank of England in purfuance of the faid a&s.

CAP. XXIX.

An a(l for further continuing, until the firjl daJ of AuguJ m thoufand eight hundred andfeven, on alt made in the thirty parti year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled\ An ad lor the better prevention and punilhment of attempts to feducc perfons ferving in his Majefty’s forces by fea or land train their duty and allegiance to his Majefty, or to incite them to mutiny or difobcdience.—[Dec. 31, i8co.J

Preamble.

3; Geo. 3. c. 70.

Incited art fh til be continued until Aug

WHEREAS an ad was pajfed in the thirtyfmnthym if tot reign of his prefent Majefy, intituled, An ad for the better prevention and punimment of attempts tofcduce perfons (mir; in his Majefty’s forces by fea or land from their duty aoc allegiance to his Majefty, or to incite them to mutiny or difobedience, which was to continue in force until the ex firs::, of one month after the commencement of the then next fejfm eftc-liament \ and which faid ad was further continued by feverj sih of the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years of the reign if'; prfnt Majefty, and of the laft fejfm of pa-liament, until tbtty-ration of fix weeks after the commencement of the prefent jtft parliament: and whereas the faid firft mentioned ah hat hen j)\u | ufeful and expedient: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty tna: : may be enaded; and be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and wirh the advice and confcnt of the lords tp- . ritual and* temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament j i> 1807. allembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the tau j

 (^.ooQle

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimoprimoGEORGii III. 0,30,31. ion

" 1 firft mentioned a A fhall be, and the fame is hereby further -1 continued until the firft day of Augujl one thoufand eight hun-

1	dred and feven.

.a

’	CAP.	XXX.

,w; An aft for explaining and amending an ad7, paffed in the lajl fejfton

2	of parliament intituled, An aft for erefting a lazaret on

j	Chetney Hill in the county of Kent, and for reducing into

,*3	one aft the laws relating to quarantine, and for making

further provifion therein, as far as regards the payment of the 'tonnage duty in the ijlandi of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Dark, or Man.—[Dec. 31, 1800.]

, :a Al^O remove all doubts whether /hips or veffels arriving in the Preamble.

X ijlands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, which Jhall have to perform quarantine, fhall be liable to the fame tonnage •

•.duty as by an aft, pajfed in the lajl fejfton of parliament, intituled,

*	An aft for erefting a lazaret on Chetney Hill in the county of 39 & 40 Geo. a1 Kent, and for reducing into one aft the laws relating t0 3-c. *o.

quarantine, and for making further provifions therein, are impofed upon Jhips and veffels fo arriving in this kingdom ; be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirirual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the fifth day of Prom January % January one thoufand eight hundred and one, there (hall be 5» there

*	raifed, levied, cohered, and paid to his Majefty, his heirs and J^der the**^

' fticceflors, the feveral and refpeftive duties of cuftoms per ton recited a6t,

burthen, which are in the laid aft impofed on fhips and veffels the fame fo arriving in this kingdom, upon all fhips and veflels wh duties of

*	fhall fo arrive in the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, vefl^rarriring or Man, in like manner in every refpeft whatfoever, as if the in Guernfey, faid Hlands had been mentioned in the faid aft for that Jerfey, &c. purpofe; and fuch tonnage duties may be reduced, and may as ?n.ve*Fe,i

' again be raifed and increafcd, and fhall be collefted, paid, th!sVkingdom.

recovered, accounted for, and applied, in the fame manner as ^ the tonnage duties impofed by the faid aft: provided always, f That the owner of every fuch fhip or veffel may demand and re-.

1 ceive the juft and reafonable contribution on the goods imported '[ therein, in the manner preferibed by the faid aft.

* C A P. XXXI.

An aft to indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfelvee for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of tne peace, or r others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualification*

^ within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for /	thofe purpofes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufoud

/	eight hundred and one ; to indemnify members and officers, in cities,

corporations, and borough towns, whofe admiffions have been omitted '	to be ftamped according to law, or having been (lamped, have been loti or

miflaid.

 t^ooQle

ioi2 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 32.[i8w.

miflaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of Dcaaber one thoufand eight hundred and one, to provide admifiions duly thawed j to permit inch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavitsot the execution of indentures of clerks toattornies and 'olicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the firft day of Michaelmas one thousand eight hundred and one ; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have negledted to tranfmit defections of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time directed by law, and toi extending the time limited for that purpofe, undlthf ftrft day of September one thoufand eight hundred and one,

CAP. XXXII.

%

An a SI for further continuing, until fix weeks after the mw.tzrt of the next feffort of parliament,feveral ads, mailt in the thirty eighth end thirty-ninth years of his prefent Mg e/If i reign, end • in the laft feffon of parliament, for empowering his Mrtft} to fecure and detain fuch perfons as his Mmily jhill fjxd are con firing ogainjl his perfon and government.—[Dec, Jl,

. 1800.]

WHEREAS an a Si was pajfd on the twenty-eighth istj tf February one thoufjtid eight hundred, intituled. An act for further continuing, until the firft day of February one thoufand eight hundred and one, an act made in the lad fclfm of parliament, intituled, ‘An a&, fur further continuing until the firft day of March one thoufand eight hundred, an ad made in the la ft fefljon of parliament, intituled, “An ad to empower his Majefty to fecure and detain fuch perfons as his Majefty lhall lufpecf are confpiring againft. his perfon and govern men r,” which at! was to continue in force until th prf <hj tf/' February one thoufand eight hundred and one, and ns Ir.yr; and whereas it is rcceffury for the puhlick fafely that the prtrjiw of the faid aSt pajj.d on the twenty-eighth day of February m thoujand right hunch Jlmld be continued: be it therefore enacted by the fling’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, Perfons im *n Prc^ent Par^aa,ent affembled, and by the authority of pdfi^neVfbr	^nat	every	perfon	who fhall be in prifon within ihe

hi^h treafon, kingdom of Great Britain at or upon the day on which this ad See. maybe	(hall receive his Majefty fs royal afier.t, or at any time after that

det lined till	day, by warrant oi his faid Majefty*s moft honourable privy

atteTthe8* council, figned by fix of the faid privy counfrl, or by warm iicxt meeting figned by any of his Majefty’s principal fecrctaries of thre, fur ot parliament, high treafon, fufpicion of high treafon, or tresfonable practices, may be detained in lafe tuftody, without bail or mampnze, until the expiration pf fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament; and that no judge or jdftict of the peace fhall bail or try any fuch perfon fo commuted, without order from his faid Majefty’s privy council, fistned by fix of the faid privy council, until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parliament; 3nrl3tr cr Statute to the contrary not with (landing,

VM

Preamble.

39 &4o Geo. 3. c. 20.



1 1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo prrnio Georgii III. c. 32. 1013

1	II. And be it further enadted, That the adt made in ScotlandAdtinScotland f in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and one,

f intituled. An aft for preventing wrongous imprifonment, and againfi wrongous im-j undue delays in trials, in fo far as the fame may be conftrued to prifonment, fo a relate to pafes of treafon and fufpicion of treafon, be fufpended far as may re-

2	until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencement of the

f next (elfion of parliament; and that until the faid day no judge, pended till ilx £ juftice of the peace, or other officer of the law in Scotland, (hall weeks after liberate, try, or admit to bail, any perfon or perfons that is, are, the next or (hall be, in prifon within Scotland, for fuch caufes as aforefaid, ^lUmcnL without order from his faid Majefty’s privy council, figned by fix p of the faid privy council.

. ’ III. Provided always. That, from and after the expiration weekaafter fix weeks after the commencement of the next feffion of parlia- the ncXf " ment, the faid perfons fo committed (hall have* the benefit and meeting of advantage of all laws and ftatutes any way relating to or provid- parliament, v ing for the liberty of the fubjedls of this realm.	m^tT^to^uve

the benefit of all laws providing for the liberty of the fubjelt,

}V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Privileges of r adt (hall be conftrued to extend to invalidate the ancient rights J and privileges in parliament, or to the imprifonment or detaining by this act.

; of any member of either houfe of parliament, during the fitting

-	of fuch parliament, until the matter of which he ftands fufpedted be firft communicated to the houfe of which he is a member, and

; the confent of the faid houfe obtained for his commitment or

-	detainer.

; V. Provided neverthelefs, That any perfon or perfons in Perfonaagainft prifon at the time of paffing this a (ft, againft whom any bill or nienrTfoHii/fi : bills of indictment for high treafon have been already found, (hall treafon arc .. 'and may be tried on fuch indictment, as if this adt had never already found, pafled.	to be tried

VI.	And whereas divers perfons are now in cuflody on charges ^ hereon.

? high treafon, fufpicion of high treafon, and treafinable practices, under ; warrants from one of his Majefiy's principalffecretaries of /late, and who have heenfecured and detained in cuflody under the authority of •; the faid recited atis; and it may be highly important that fuch perfons as have been or Jhall be fecured and detained on fuch charges, under the authority of the faid recited afts or of this ah, fhould be kept wholly ; fiparate and apart from each other, fo as to prevent all communica-1 tion between them and with other perfons, except fuch communication as his Maje/ly may think fit to permit, and under fuch reflrifiions at ; may be advi/eable; and it has been found by experience to be very . difficult to keep fuch perfons feparate as aforefaid\ and to prevent fuch communication as aforefaid, without fending fuch perfons to different places of confinement; and doubts may arife how far the powers of his Majefly's principal fecretaries of flate, to change the places of t confinement of perfons fo committed extends, and it is expedient to pro-vide that the fame (hall not be fo exerc'tfed as to deprive the perfons fo committed of any right to be tried or difeharged, which they might re-fpefiively have had if their refpeftive places of confinement had not been /changed: now, to obviate all doubts and difficulty.in refpedi

1014 Anno regni quadragefimo primo Georgii III. c. 32, [1800.

The fecretary thereof, be it further enafted and declared. That it (hall be law-of ftate may for one Qf his Majefty's principal fecretaries of ftate, as be comrmtted for	fee occafion, to order any perfon committed to any go!,

high treafon, or other prifon, on any charge of high treafon, fufpicion of h &c. to be re- treafon, or treafonable pra&ices, either before or after indi&iwit moved to any foun(^ to be conveyed to and detained in any other gaol or ot er gao. ot^er pj ifon, until difeharged by due courfe of law, and to ilk all warrants necelfary for fuch purpofes: provided always oever-PeiTons fo re- thelcfs, That no perfoh who (hall be removed by any fuch war-b^depdvedofrant aforefaid, (hall be, by means of fuch removal, deprived right to1 be *uch r»gkt to be tried or difeharged, as fuch perfon would by tried or dii- . law have been entitled to if not fo removed; and in every cafe charged. jn which any fuch perfon would have been entitled to have beta tried or difeharged if fuch perfon had continued in the gaoi oc prifon to which fuch perfon was before committed, it th ' lawful for fuch perfon to apply to be bailed or difeharged, in the fame manner as fuch perfon might have done if fuchpcribn had remained in the gaol or prifon to which fuch perfon was before committed as aforefaid.

VII.	And whereas in the difturbedftate of the kingdom ofh&wi, it has beefs feund necejfary to fend divers perfons who have seen emitted to prifon in Ireland on charges of high treafon, Juft:cm tf rf treafon, or treafonable praflicts, to Great Britain for Jofecuihij, W for the purpofe ofpreventing improper intercourfe between fuel) petjw and other perfons engaged, or fufpeBed of being engaged, in the ar? treafons or treafonable pra Bices \ and it may be found txpt&tnt ti Perfons fent feri(] 0^£r perfons to Great Britain under like cirtumfoncer, be GrMt^Critaiii5 ena&ed, That every perfon who hath been fentto GrtatBn-for fafecufto. tain as aforefaid, before the palling of this adl, and every perfon dy,may be whe, after the paffing of this a6t, (hall be fent to Greet Brim fuch 1U s ^ur cuftody> ^y order tl'e ^ord lieutenant or governor hisMajefty8 Sencra^> or olher chief governor or chief governors of hard, (hall think fit, and of fix or more of his Majefty’s privy council of the ud provided they kingdom, (hall and may be detained in cuftodyin this kingdom, a^hh*r?C<1 ^h l^are	cu^ody»	as	t0	h*5	Majeftv	(hall	feeoi	fit;

ticafon See Prov*dcd fuch perfon (hall be charged with high treafon, fop:-by warrant of cion of high treafon, or treafonable pra&ices, by warrant uni*; a fecretary of the hand and feal of one of his Majefty’s principal fccrcuricid Itatc.	ftate.

But no tht-	VIII. Provided always neverrhelefs, That no perfon fell k

fon flull be	detained as aforefaid, fo as to prevent the trial or difehatj; c:

to**!* vent his Per^,n *n due cour^e °f law, whenever fuch perfon ilu’, hr trial or dii- the 1*W ^tlaa^ be entitled to fuch trial or difehargej bu: charge when all cafes in which any perfon fo detained would by the la* a entitled there- Ireland, if in cuftody in that kingdom, be entitled to be tried er to by the law difeharged, it fhall be lawful for fuch perfon to apply to therein #1 Irtlan .	bench in Englandy or to any judge of fiat court, or to

the court of jufticiary in Scotland> or to aoyjuJgeof that court, to be difeharged ; and if it (hall appear to inch court, or to ui jpdge, that fuch perfon, if In cuftody in Ireland, would be wt iVi So be tried or difeharged, itihaU be jawful for fuch court or to;

M'l

 LjOOQle

A H

.1

Ml

n

7 5

Mi

-J

•■4

V

3

. ;$

1800.] Anno regni quadragefimo prlmo Georgii III. c. 32. ioi^

jpdge, to order fuch perfon to be difcharged, or to be lent to Ireland, to be dealt with according to law.

IX.	And whereas many perfons engaged in the late rehellion in Ireland, and in other treafonable practices there, have fled from Ireland,

are now in Great Britain j and other perfons may come from Ireland to Great Britain under the like circumftanas \ and it may be expedient not only to arrejlfuch perfons for the purpofe offending them to Ireland to be tried for fuch offences, but olfo to fecure and detain fuch perfons in Great Britain until they can be properly fentto Ireland to be tried or difcharged in due courfe of law : be it further enafled.

That It (hall be lawful for one of his Majefty's principal fecreta-

ries of ftate, by warrant under his hand and fcal,' to order any ^rfons

perfon who (hall be in cuftody upon any charge of high treafon, in cuftody for

fufpicion of high treafon, or treafonable practices, done or com- high treafon,

xnitted in Ireland, to be fccured or detained in Great Britain until

fuch perfon can be properly fent to Ireland9 to be tried or dif-

charged in due courfe of law.	Great	Britain.

X.	Provided always neverthelefs, That no perfon (hall be But no perfon detained as aforefaid (o as to prevent the trial or difchargeof fuch fhall be de-perfon in due courfe of law, whenever fuch perfon (hall by the tamed fo as to laof Ireland be entitled to fuch trial or difeharge; but in all £rkUrdif-cafes in which any perfon fo detained would by the law of Ireland, charge when if in cuftody in that kingdom, be entitled to be tried or difcharged, entitled there# it (hall be lawful for fuch perfon to apply to the court of king’s t(^hy the law bench in England,, or to any judge of that court, or to the court01 € an * of judiciary in Scotland, or to any judge of that court, tabe difcharged ; and if it (hall appear to fuch court or to fuch judge

that fuch perfon, if in cuftody in Ireland, would be entitled to be tried or difcharged, it (hall be lawful for fuch court or fuch judge to order fuch perfon to be difcharged, or to be fent tojreland to be dealt with according to law.

XI.	And be it further enabled. That this a (ft (hall continue in Continuance force until the expiration of fix weeks after the commencementofa^'

of the next felfion of parliament, and no longer*

Vox:. XLII.	tJu	v	.

pJSWOogle.

PUBLIC LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

An aft to continue* for twenty-one years, and from them* to the d of the then next feflion of parliament, the term, and alter and nUrjt the powers* of two afts, palled in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and the eighteenth var of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widenrcs the road from Towcefter, ihrough Silverfton and Brackley, is the county of Northampton, and Ardlcy and Middleton Stonet, n> Welton Gate, in the pirilh of Wdton on the Green, in the county of Oxford.

An aft to continue, for twenty-one years, and from thence to the

end of the then next feflion of parliament, the term and enUr^t tV powers of two aft9, palled in the thirty-fecoud year of the rtt$ « • his late maiefty King George the Second, and the twent-rh yor of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for repairing and widening tat road from a place called The Old Gallows, in the p .riQi of Socsing. in the county of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknovl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the pirilh of Egham,in the county of Surrey.

An aft for the better relief of the poor in the city of Edinburgh and the fuburbs thereof, and certain diftnds adjoining thereto,-[Dec, 22, 1800.]

WHEREAS the prefent fcarcity and high price of all kind of pro* ▼ifions render it nccefiary that immediate relief ani aixinoe fhould be given to great numbers of the poor inhabitants of rtf city of Edinburgh and the fuburbs'thereof, and diftri^ts adjoining thereto: and whereas doubts have arifen whether the laws nowr in Being r fuIndent to carry into complete execution the faid falutary purp-'ie: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be cnaftei, and he it enacted by the King’s nioft excellent majefty, by anJwitb the and confer,t of the lords lpicitual and temporal, anJ codbou e this prefent parliament aft'em::led, and by the au:hori»y ot the ha:, That the lord provoft, magtftrates, and town councilor the kid <r* of Edinburgh, ordinary and extraordinary, for the tune berp, together with the lord-lieutenant of the county of Micl-Lortua.r.? lord prefident of the court of feflion, the lord chief baron of court of exchequer, the lord advocate of Scotland, the icoior - ‘ of the court or feflion, the feuior baton of the court 01 lord jultice clerk, the fenior judge of the court of jufticiary, the v!. ^ general of Scotland,, the dean of the faculty of advocate*, the and depute keeper of the fignet, the prefident of the fjcicty ot lo > -before the fupreme courts of Scotland, the mailer of the com:r- ' merchants, the chairthan and deputy chairman of the chimfc: > commerce, the prefident of the royal college of phyrichns. the th'* j depute of the county, the principal of the univerfity, the rcu -I 1 jnimfters of the ten parifhes of the city and of the piriUicsa u>f-1



Cap. 1.

Cap. a.

Cap. 3*

 C^ooQle

|8oo.]

41 GEO. III. c. 3*.

1017

*a*e and Saint Cuthberts, the committioners of the eight fouth diftri&s .7Jj idling under the authority of an adt patted in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, the refident bailies of Cahongate,

. the refjdent bailies of Portfburgh, the (lent matters of the city, the prefident of the fociety of folicitors before the inferior courts of the city and county, and the perfons corapofing the general committee of contributors appointed to manage and di (tribute the voluntary _ fubferiptions raifed during the prefent year for the relief of the poor of the city and fuburbs of Edinbuigh, (hall be truftces and committioners for the purpofe of carrying into execution this prefent adt; any five of whom regularly afl’embled at their dated times and places of meeting being hereby appointed to be a quorum.

*** II. And be it enabled, That the faid truftees and commiflionert above named (hall have power to raife and levy from the inhabitants of *r the faid city of Edinburgh, including the extended royalty thereof, the cattle and that part of Princes Street over which the royalty does not extend, together with the following fuburbs and furrounding diftridts,

*	videlicet, Canongate, Calton, Saint Ninians-Row, Leith-Stieet, Leith

•	* Terrace, Saint James's Square, Saint James’s Street, Eaft Regilter Street,

Weft Regilter Street, Gabriel's Road, Leith Walk, both (Ides, (excepting that part of it lying within the parifli of Leith) Broughton, Broughton Loan, Bonington, and the whole properties lying upon the fouth fide of the water of Leith, from Bonington wejhvard to Coltbridge, the Dean, Whitehoufe, Cattle Barns and adjacent build-,,1 lags, Fountain Bridge, Lochrin, Wrights Houfes, Barrowmuirhead, the \ properties on both Tides of the road from Wrights Houles to Bir-* rowmuirhead, extending towards the eaft until they join the propel tics included in the fouth diftridts, Portfburgh, Toll Crofs, the diftridts ',j known by the name of the Eight South Diftridts, deformed in an adt ; patted in the eleventh year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, Saint 4 John’s hill, Pleafance, Abbyhill, including Crofrangry and Clockmiln, y. a fum not exceeding ten thousand pounds fterling; and that by a (tent or aflettraent according to their eftimation of the annual lubftr,nce of fuch inhabitants.

III. Provided always, and be it further enabled, that the inhabitants of the laid city and places aforefaid, poftefted of heritable eftates lituated in other parifhes and diftridts, (hall be (tented or attdfed by the faid

>	truftees and commiflioners according to the beft of their judgement

>	and diferetion, in the fame manner as other perfons always giving deduction for any parochial attettment for the poor which they pay in refpedt of their faid heritable ettates.

. IV. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no perfon (hall , be attetted in virtue of this adt for or in refpedt of their annual y fubltance, who have not bedn attetted by the committioners for carry-,4 ing into execution the feveral adts of parliament patted fer raifing a fi tax upon income.

jt V. And be it further enadted, That the faid truttecs and commit oners Xl (hall keep regular minutes of their proceedings ; and for that and _ other pssrpofes ihall have power to eledt clerks and iecretaries, who (hall adt without fee or reward.

, VI. And be it further enadled, That for the more fpee ly and eflfedtual making and apportioning tiie faid (lent or attefiinent, the faid truftees 'j. and commiflioners Ihall meet within the merchants hall of the city of Edinburgh, on the twenty-fourth day of December, in this prefent , year one tboufand eight hundred, and Ihall have power to adjourn from ' time to time, and to fuch places as they Ihall judge proper; and that J at fuch firft and adjourned meetings the majority of the fiid truftees and committioners prefent (hall mike fuch orders and regulations for ’ carrying into execution this prefent adt as to them (hall feem proper,

'' the lame being always confident with the laws of the land as in force

UUUj

YII.An*



1

toii	Public	Local	and	Perfotial	Ads	[i8oa.

VII.	And be it farther ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for tilt

laid truftees and commiflioners, at their laid firft or any adjourned	1

general meeting, to divide themfelves into committee* of not Idi tha	1

five, three of whom to be a quorum, who fhall hire power* to prepare	i

a (ketch or (theme of the feid afleflment upon fuch diftrids a* dull

be afiigned to them by the general meetings, which (ketchei the	hid	1

committees (hall report to a general meeting of the faid trnftee*	aid	1

commiflioners, who (hall have power, and are hereby ordered	and	i

required to revife, corred^, and amend the (ame according to fee	bet	\

of their diferetion and judgement; and that from the feberae* fo	I

amended, the faid truftees ahd commiflioner*, in their general nert.	<

ingi, (hall make out a general rectified fcheme of affeflment, wh'xi	I

(ball be the rule for levying the faid fura of ten thoufand posnd* upon the inhabitants of the faid city and places afortfoid.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the faid truftees and con-ihiflioqers, at their firft or any adjourned general meeting, (haft hue power to name a colle&cir or coUc&ors for the purpofes of levying and ( receiving the faid afleflment, who (hall have pdwer to grant receipt*

for fhe feme; and the fajd money (hall hmafter be paid bf the colledors to a general treafurer, to be appointed by the ftid truftees and commiflioneus, in order that the fame may be applied under the direction of the faid truftees or commiflioners, for the relief of poor and indigent pertons and families within the feid city aodptaotf aforefaid.

IX.	Provided always. That the feid truftees and comroiflionm fall take fuch fecurity from the faid general treafurer and collectors«they fliall think proper.

• X. And be it enabled, That if any pcTfon aflcflVd under them* thority of this adt (hall refufe to pay their proportion of fee bid afl!Ament laid upon him by the faid truftees and comraiffioncn, it fhall be lawful for any two or more of the faid trufteci and cow miflioners, or a quorum of them, to iflue their warrant or warrants for levying! the laid afleflment in the feme manner u the raw for lighting the laid city are authorifed to be levied and recovered bp an a<ft made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of bis prefcnt Maiefty.

XI.	And whereas the college of juftice have agreed upon this oocafioo to wave their privileges of exemption from poor rates, be it theremn ena&ed, That no perfon (hall be exempted from the feid afleflment by reafon of any privileges whatever.

.	XII. And be it enafted, That the minifters and elders of the differ.

£nt pari flies within the feid city and places aforefeid, together wife fuch afleflors as they may find it neceflary to aflume, (hall have power, and they pre hereby authorifed and directed to make un lift? of ill the indigent performs or families within their refpeftirc diftnds, ifeo (hall appear to them to require relief during the enfuing year; which fids they fliall make up in fach manner and according to farh forra as (hall be furniihed to them by the feid truftees and coramiffioacn, Which lifts they (hall report to the feid truftees and commiRwer?? and the faid minifters and elders, and their afleflors aforefeid, toJ have power from time td time 'to make additions to or corrcftk; and amendments of the feid lifts, which they (hall in like manner rrfw; to the feid truftees and commiflioner'*, from which different lifts tr; faid truftees and commiflioners (hall make out and enter in a box pne general lift of the whole indigent perfons or families who are u rcc tive relief under the authority of this

XIII.	And be it enadted. That the feid truftees and cojimifti^n (ball have power to appoint committees, one or more, either from tbtt; own number or otherwtfe; which committees (hall hare pow?r to determine the quantity or kind of relief which IbaJI be gisro to <Kh individual or family on the feid lift,

‘	•	'•	XI	V.daJ

 LiOOQle

td

.n

*3

, J

*:'<

n

:*

*■

4

<i

d

c

f

\

1

f

'/

!

4

*

i

i

i$oo.]	41	Geo.	III.	c.	3*.

XIV.	And be it further enalted, That the laid committee! (hall keep regular books and accounts; which books and accounts ihall be bid before the laid truftees and commiflioners once every month.

XV.	And whereas, in order to enable the faid committees to dif-iribute relief in equal and due proportion, it is abfolutcly neceflary that they and the faid trultees and commiflioners fliould know the nature and extent of the relief which any of the poor of the faid city and •places aforefoid may receive from any other charitable fund; there-tore be it enalted, That the faid truftees and commiflioners, or the committees named by them as aforefaid, /hall have power to require from the treafurers, or other proper officer of every charitable inftitution, and from the minifters or treafurer of every church, chapel, meeting houfe, or other place of worlhip within the laid city, and places aforefaid, an authentic and certified copy of the names of the peribns o# families receiving relief from their refpeltive funds, together with the ^.iture and amount of the relief afforded to each perfon or family,

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That thjs prefent alt /hall Ibb/i/t and be in force from the day of the palling thereof until the firft day of January, which will be in tne year one thoufand eight hundred and two ; and if on the faid firft day of January one thoufand eight hundred and two, there (kail remain in the hands of the laid trultees or com-miflioners any part of the faid a/Te/Tment unapplied to the purpofes here,, jnbetore fpecitied, the faid truftees and commiflioners are hereby directed and required to ,pay over the fame to the treafurer of the charity workhoufe of Edinburgh, to the treafurer of the charity workhoufe of Canongate, and to the treafurer of the charity workhoufe of the pari/h of St. Cuthberts, according to fuch proportions as to the laid truftees and commiifioners /hall appear proper.

XVJI. And be it further enalted, That the faid feveral perfons appointed and ailing as truftees and commiflioners under this act, Ihall be a lie fled for the purpofes of this alt by any of the Tub-commit tees before mentioned, other than the fub-committee of which fuch perfons rtfpellively are members; and that the faid feveral truftees and com-raiflioners /hall have no voice in any decifion or determination regarding their own aflefiment.

XVIII.	And be it enalted, That if any doubts or difficulties /hall occur in the execution of this alt, or if any perfon /hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any afleflment made under the authority of this alt, and /hall make complaint thereof to the faid truftees or com-miflioners within fourteen days alter the notifying of any fuch afleflment to the perfon concerned, the faid truftees or commiflioners are hereby direlted and required to caufe their clerk or fecretary to lay a ftatement of the lame, which (hall be firft communicated to the parties complaining, before the ptrfons now altiug as commercial commif-Yioners, or as commiflioners of appeal for the county and city of Edinburgh, under the feveral alls for charging duties on income, whole orders and direltions thereon, after hearing all the parties concerned, Ihall be final and conclulive to all intents and purpolcs, and ag.iinlt all perfoiVs whatfoever.

XIX.	And be it enalted. That this alt /hall be deemed and taken to be a public alt, and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by ail perfons whom/oever without fpecially pleading the fame.

Cap. 4.

An alt for obviating a dpub£arifing on the power of file, and exchange cent-lined in a fettlement of the eftates of the right honourable Henry earj Bathurft. •' ;"

. AN

 v^ooQle

1

I

AN

ALPHABETICAL INDEX

T O T H E

THIRD PART of the XLIId VOLUME

OF THE

STATUTES at LARGE;

Pjtffed in the forty-fir ft Year of the Reign of King George III. in the Year of our Lord one thoufand eight hundred j being the fifth Sefiion of the eighteenth Parliament of Great	, which

began the eleventh Day of November, and ended by prorogation the thirty-firft Day of December one thoufand eight hundred.

*.* Thofe references marked thus, Chap, 3*. will be found amongfl: the Public Local and Pcrfonal Ads, at the End of the Sellion.

A.	'

Accounts, Publick.

SeE IVeJl Indies. Chap, 22.

Aliens.

For continuing three ads for eftablifhing regulations refpeding aliens arriving in this kingdom, or refident therein. Chap. 24.

. American Loyalijis.

See French Emigrants. Chap. 14.

B.

Barky.

SEE Malt. Chap. 6. See Com. Chap. 10.

Barracks.

171,200/. for the barrack department. Chap. 14.

Beans.

See Corn. Chap. 10.

Beer.

For continuing ads relating to the allowing the ufe of fugar in the brewing of beer. Chap. 5.

Bounties.

See Corn* Chap. 10.

Bread.

1.	To prevent the raanufaduring of any fine flour from wheat or other grain, and making any bread folely from the fine flour of wheat, and to repeal ad 36 Geo.

3.	c. 22. for permitting bakers tv make and (ell certain forts of bread. Chap. 16.

2.	To prohibit any perfon from felling any bread which fcall net have been baked twenty-four hours. Chap. 17.

Cape



1022

Caf

Cre

C.

E.

Cape of Good

ACT 37 Geo. 3. c. 41. for mak-ing regulations refpeding the trade to the Cape Good Hope, Chap. 40.

'	ConviBs

8,000/. for convids at hottie. Chap. 14.

Com.

I. To prohibit the ufi! of corn id diddling of fpirits or making ftarch. Chap. 3.

4. For continuing ads relating to the prohibiting the exportation, and permitting the importation of corn, and otherarticles of provifion without payment of duty. Chap. 5. 3. For granting bounties on the importation of wheat, barley, rye, oats, peafe, beans, and Indian corn, and of barley, rye, oat and Indian meal, and wheatenflour and rice. Chap. jo.

Curafaoy of.

For making the port of Amfltrdam in the IJland of Curacao a free port. Chap. 23.

Cujloms.

\

From Jan. 5, 1801, there (hall be levied under ad 39 & 40 Geo. 3. c. 80. the fame duties of euftoms on veflels arriving in Gutrnfey, Jtrfey. Sec. as on vefTels arriving in this kingdom. Chap. ,3°*

ESnkrgh,

FDR the better relief of the poof in the city of Edinhqb mi fuburbs. Chap. 3*.

Exchequer Bids.

I. Thetreafurymayraife^oo^ooi 1 by exchequer bills. Chap, jf 4. 151,643/.. 16/. 81 for intotft on exchequer bilh. Same ad,

F.

Pijh.

$0,000/. for laying in (lores of fifh. Chap 24.

FifhcritSi

For prote&ing pcrfbnr engaged In fi/heries under this *& from being J prefled into his Majefty’s iervke. j Chap. 21.	<

See Salt. Same afl, | Set Pilchards. Same aft.

See White Herrings. Same ad.

French Emigrants.

60,000/. for French emigrants and American loyalifts. Chap. 14,

Grenada, IJland tf. j

FOR extending the time fcr j payment of certain fums of too- J





Imp

$ ney, advanced by way of loan to feveral perfons conneded with and trading to the iflands of Grenada and Saint Vincent. Chap. 27.

Guernfey. • j*	' See Cu/ioms. Chap. 30.

• -	.	C*

FOR. allowing the importation of undrefled hemp from any of the countries that lie within the limits of the exdufive trade-of the Baft India Company free of duty. Chap. 25.

[	Herrings.

To permit the importation of 1 herrings and other fi(h, the produce of the fifhcry carried on in Nova u ~:i	Scotia, New	Bru	-

land, and on the coaft of Labrador, into this kingdom, without payment of duty. Chap. 11.

See Swtdijb Herrings. Chap. 18.

>	-	•	H

For fufpending until Aug. 20, i 1801, the duties on hops imported, and for charging other duties in ' lieu thereof.. Chap. 4

■:?	I.

'd,

Jerfey.

See Cujioms. Chap. 30,

*

,	Importation.

Ad 30 Geo. 3. c. 112. for per-Voi. XUI.

ho I023

mitting goods to be imported into this kingdom in neutral fhips con-tinned. Chap. 20.

India	(Eajl)	Com

See Hemp. Chap, 25. .

Indian Com.

See Com.' Chap. 10.	'

L.

Land Service.

1.	2,141,591/. for land fervice.’ Chap. 14.

2.	562,055/. for 58,528 efledive men in Great Br, See. Same ad. '

3* 501,486/. for forces in the plantations, &c. Same ad.

4.	110,000/. for increafed rates of quartering foldiers. See. Same ad.

5.	127,500/. for recruiting contingencies, Sec. Same ad.

6.	150,000!/. for foreign troops.4 Same ad,

Land Tax.

To explain, amend, and render more effedual feveral ads for the redemption and purchafe of the land tax. Chap. 28.

Low Wines.

For continuing ads relating1 to the prohibiting the making of low wines or fpirits from wheat, and certain other articles in Scotland. Chap. 5.

X x x

 

t«24	#<ft>	ft?

f. t^OR fliortening until March J? 25,780/, tile time df keeping in fteep for malting barley damaged by rain in the late har-veft. Chap. 6. t> Duties upon malt, mum, cyder and peiTy, continued for the fer-vice of the year 1801. Chap. 7. J. For granting certain duties upon malt, for the fervice of the year 180/. Chap.' 8.

NdVf.

I* 205,000/. for ordinary of tb navy. Chap. 14.

2. 200,00pi for cxjtraocduury «f theyflvy. Same ad.

0.

'	Oat.

Cory. Chap.#.

■ See Spirits. 'Chip, 5. Militia.

374,35°/. for the militU, •: the •miners of Cornwall and 'Devon-, 4 the fencible infantry. Chap, 14.

n * '	'	t	■

Orimci.

1.	90,000/. for orinancc Cor fta fervice. 'Chip. 14.

2.	457><36o/» for ordnance fa W /eryice* Samead.



Mutiny.

Fotf continuing aft 37_Geo. t. 70. for prevention and punnb-ijient of attempts to feduce perfens ferving in his Majefty’s forces by fea or land from their duty and allegiance to his Majerty, or to incite then) to -mutiny pr difbbedi* cnee. Chap. 29.

ParHam

TO enable compiSom ti purebafit certain building fur the accommodation of the two both of parliament Chap. 13,

See Con, Chap, is,

Pnfirn,

. Naval Services,

t. 3,435,000/. for naval fervices.

Chap. 14.

4. 666,000 I.for wages of 120*000 men for three months. Same aft.

£. 684,000/. for their yiftttallrng. Same aft,

For granting a duty on penfons, offices, and perionil diitts, it England,	Waltt, and Berrni	apoa

Tweed, for thf fervicc of ike jar 1801. Chap. 8.

PUdurJs.

~ For - allowing a • bounty«pi> shards now cured, whether expor-a

 v^ooQie

Me

ed or fold f<jr hotqe confumption. Chap. 21.

Population.

For taking an accsurtt 6f the population of Great Britain, and of Hie increafe or diminution thereof. Chap. 15.

Poor.

' :j. 'To, explain and attend a£l 22 6*0. 3.	^3. f or better relief

‘ an# en)pToyttent of the poor. Chap. h.

2.	'For miking "better pfrovifion for the maintenance of the poor, and for drminjthing the,confumption of btead corn, by-dtreftiog the manner of applying pari Si relief. Chap. 12.

3. See	Edinburgh. Chap. 3*.

PrijonorssoffVar,

?	35,00©/.	for	iick prilbners of war.

Chap.: i 4.

1 Prwifioni';

''To au'thorlfie hitf M^jefty from time-'to time to prohibit fne -exportation of provifions or food. Chap. 2.

Qi

.Qualification.

•CT of qualification fox Offices,

&C.' Chap. 31... -

R*

Rice.

10 prohibit the exportation of rice, and to indemnify all

A

Spt ~	1

perfons concerned.in.preveuring the exportation thereof. Chap. 1.

~ See Corn. Chap. 10.

Rye. . ,

-I^EE'Ar'd:

“• S. '	'	./

• 'Salt."'

FO R alio wing -the ufe of fait dutyfree, in preferring filfc in bulk or in barrels. ' Chap. 21.

Scotland: ’

Sie-Lsw-fPines: * Chap. 5.

. )Seam'e6P •••>-; Adi 33 Geo. 3. C. 67. for preventing offence* 4t) destroying or damaging {hips, and obftrudting fea* men. and others, from purfuing their lawful occupations, eoiitinued.Chapp.

20.

Secret, Service.

35,000/. for feeret fervice. Chap. x4»

. 7

-: r-,o8ogooo/.. £br. itvcar, and tear 1 of fhips. Chap. 14J'	:

Snuff.

For granting certain, duties on fnuff, for the fervice of the year 1801. Chap. 8.

t —• /	.	,	-	.,	"T

Soldiers.

See Mutiny. Chap* 29*

r Sprits.

For continuing aft* relating to the reducing the duties upon fpirits di(tilled from inclafles and fugar# Chap. 5.	.

See J





1026	Tfa

See Corn. Chap.3.

See	LmPrints.	Chap. 5.

Starch.

So much of a£t 39 & -4.0 Geo-. 3. c. 8. as relates to the reducing and collecting the import duties on ftarch revived and continued. Chap. 20.	•

See Corn. Chap. 3.

r	Sugar.

For granting certain duties on fugar for the fervice of the year 1801. Chap. 8.

qSee Bter. Chap. 5.

See Spirits. Chap. 5!

. SvKdifk Herrings.

To permit the importation of Swodijh herrings'into Great	*

Chap. 18.

\

T. .

Tobacco.

For granting certain duties on tobacco for the fervice of the year 1861. Chap. 8.

Tranfport Service.

475,000/. for tranfport fervice and prifoners of war in health. Chap. 14.

mi

Tr

To continue a£t 39	40

3. c. 20. for empowenog his M* jetty to iecure and detain fuch per fons, as his Majefty (ball fufpet are confpiring againlt his peribo an government. Chap. 31.

Turnpike Reads.

For continuing until	Jusui, tUot

the feveral ads for regulating to turnpike roads in Gr/et Britan which expire at the end of the pro fent feffion of parliament, Chap. 26

Volunteer Cerpt.

145,000I.for volunteer corps Chap. 14,

w.

Wejl Indies.

Toauthorife his Majefty to ip point commiifioners for the mor effectual examination of account of publick expenditure for his M* jetty’s forces in the	|

during the prefeat war. Chap. 22.

Whe

See Corn. Chap. 10.

€

See Low Wines. Chap. 3. .

Whitt Herrings.

For difeontinuing the bounty pay ble on white herrings exported Chap, 21.

END OF PART ffl. VOL. XUI.

