THE

Statutes at large,

FROM THE

Twelfth Year of King Charles II.

TO THE

Last Year of King JAMES II. inclusive.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES during that Period.

VOL. VIII.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE, Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1763.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

A

TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all such acts as are extant in print, from the Twelfth of King Charles II. to the last Year of King James II.

Anno 13 Caroli II.

Cap. 1. For fafety and prefervatioh of his Majesty's person and government, against treafonable and seditious praftices and attempts.

Cap. 2. For repeal of an act of parliament, intituled, An ail for dif-dbling all persons in holy orders, to ex-ercife any temporal jurifdiilion or authority.

Cap. 2. For the declaring, veiling and fettling of all fuch monies, goods, and other things in his Mjyefty, which were received, levied or collected in thefe late times, and are remaining in the hands of poffession of any tfeafurers, receivers, collectors, or others, not pardoned by the act of oblivion.

Cap. 4. For a free and voluntary prelent to his Majesty.

Cap. 5. Againft tumults and disorders, upon pretence of preparing or presenting publick petitions, or

, other addrefles to his Majesty, or the parliament.

Cap. 6. For declaring the foie right of the militia to be in the King, and for the prefent ordering and difpofing the fame.

Cap. 7. For confirming publick afts.

Cap. 0. For providing neceflary carriages for his Majesty in his royal progrefs and removals.

Cap. 9. For the eftablifhing articles and orders for the regulating and better government of his Majesty’s navies, mips of war, and forces by fea.

Cap. 10. To prevent the unlawful courfing, hurting or killing of deer. Vol. VIII.

Cap. 11. For confirming of three afts therein mentioned.

Cap. 12. For explanation of a claufe contained in an act of parliament, made in the feventeenth year of the late King Charles^ intituled, An ail for repeal of a branch of a Jlalute primo Elizabeths?, concerning com-miffionersfor caufes eccleftajlical.

Cap. 13. For veiling the arrears of the excife and new impoft in his Majesty.

Cap. 14. For confirming an aft, intituled, An ail for encouraging and increaftng of /hipping and navigation, and leveral other afts, both publick and private mentioned therein.

Cap. 15. For declaring the pains, penalties and forfeitures impofed upon the eftates and persons of certain notorious offenders, excepted out of the act of free and general pardon, indemnity and oblivion.

Private Ails.

Anno 13 Car oil II.

1.  An act for afeertaining and eftablifhing the fees of the matters of the chancery in ordinary.

2.  An act for confirming a fale made by Sir Thomas Prefwicb and others, of the manor of Holmy and certain lands in the parifh of Mancbejhr in the county of Lancajler, unto Sir Edward Moflcy, baronet.

3.  An act for reftoring of Thomas RadcUffii efquire, to all his lands and poffeflions in England and Ireland.

*  4.  An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

4.  An a<£t enabling John Harbin, efquirc, to fettle, (ell and difpofe of feveral manors, meftuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments with the appurtenances in the county of Somerfet and Dorfet therein mentioned, for payment of his debts, and to make provifion for his younger children.

5.  An act to enable the fale of fome of the lands of Thomas Hunt, efq; and John Hunt, gent, for payment of their debts.

6.  An act for fettling the manoifc of Knoll, Seale, and Kempfing in the county of Kent, upon the earl of Dorfet and his heirs, and charging the manor of Bexhill, and the manor or farm of Cowding, and other lands in the county of Suffix, with a rent charge of one hundred and thirty pounds per annum in lieu thereof.

7.  An a<ft for confirmation of the charter and privileges of the majler, wardens and commonalty of weavers, fullers and clothiers in the city ofVfor-cefter.

8.  An act for fettling feveral lands late of Sir Edward Baefh, knight, upon Sir Ralph Baefby knight ot the Bath, heir of the said Sir Ed-ward, and his heirs.

9.  An act for confirmation and explanation of An ait for the fettling of fome of the manors and lands of the earl of Cleaveland in trujlees, to be fold for the fatisfying of the debts of theJaid early and of Thomas lord Wentworth bisfon.

10.  An act for the uniting the par-fonagcs of Saint Andrews and Saint Mary IVitton in Droitwich in the county of IVorcefler.

11.  An act to enable John lord Abergavenny, fon and heir of Henry late \o\dAbergavenn\yXo fell certainlands, for payment of his debts, and preferment of his brother and filters.

12.  An act for the naturalising of Francis Brudeneli, efquire, fon and

heir apparent of the right honourable Robert lord Brudenelly and of the right honourable Anna Maria countefs of Shrewfburjy daughter of the said lord Brudenelly and now wife of the right honourable Francis earl of Skrewfbury.

13.  An act for the reviving a fettle-ment of certain lands on John Or-libeare for life, the remainder to the fons of the said John fucceflively and the heirs males of their bodies, &c.

14.  An act for confirming and continuing an adt for neceflary maintenance of the work of draining the great level of the fens.

15.  Anadtfor confirming of aninclo-Fure of land, formerly ufed for a common highway from Parfons Green to Southfield in Fulhamy and the fettling of other land for a common highway there in lieu thereof.

16.  An act enabling truftees to fell certain lands and tenements in the counties of Suffolk and Norfolky for the payment of the debts of Richard Gippsy efquire, and providing portions for his younger children.

Anno 13 Caroti II. Stat. 2.

Cap. 1. For the well-governing and regulating of corporations.

Cap. 2. For prevention of vexations and oppreflions by arrefts, and of delays in fuits of law.

Cap. 3. For granting unto the King’s majefty twelve hundred and three-fcore thoufand pounds, to be aflefled and levied by an afleflinent of rhree-fcore and ten thoufand pounds by the month, for eighteen months.

Cap. 4. To enable the King’s majefty to make leafes, grants ana copies of offices, lands, tenements and her reditaments, parcel of his Highneli duchy of Cornwall or annexed to the fame \ and for confirmation of leafes or grants alrgidy made.

Privafe

 v^.ooQle.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Private ASs.

Anno 13 Carols II. Stat. 2.

2.  An act for confirming An act for reftoring of the marqutjs of Hertford m the dukedom ^Somerfet.

2.  An act for dividing Trinity Church

* in KingRon upon Hull from Hafle.

3.  An act to enable Algernon Peyton doftor of divinity, to make fale of part of his lands for payment of debts, &c.

4.  An act for confirming An alt for refutation of Thomas earl of Arun-dell, Surrey and Norfolk, to the dignity and title of dukeyofNoxfo\)ti.

5.  An act for confirming of private afts.

Anno 13 & 14 Caroli II.

Cap. 1. For preventing the mifehiefs and1 dangers that may arife by certain persons called Quakers, and others refuting to take lawful oaths.

Cap. 2. For repairing the highways

•  and fewers, and for paving and keeping clean of the streets in and about the city of London and fVeJl-mnftiTy and for reforming of annoyances and diforders in the streets of, and places adjacent to, the said cities ; and for the regulating and licencing of hackney coaches, and for the enlarging of feveral ftrait and inconvenient streets and paf-fages.

Cap. 3. For ordering the forces in the feveral countied of this kingdom.

Cap. 4. For the uniformity of pub-lick prayers and adminmration of faCraments, and other rites and

*  ceremonies ; and for eftablifhing the form of making, ordaining and confecrating bifhops, priefts and deacons in the church of England.

Cap. 5. For regulating the making of ftufis in Norfolk and Norwich.

Cap. 6. For inlarging and repairing of common highways.

j. To rpftpain the exportation

of leather and raw hides out of the realm of England.

Cap. 8. For diftribution of three-fcore thoufand pounds amongft the truly loyal and indigent commif-fion officers, and for affeffing of offices, and diftributing the monies thereby raifed for their further fup-ply.

Cap. 9. For the relief of poor and maimed officers and foldiers, who have faithfully ferved his Majesty and his royal father in the late wars.

Cap. 10. For eftablifhing an additional revenuCupon hisMajefty, his heirs and fucceffors, for the better fupport of his and their crown and dignity.

Cap. 11. For preventing frauds, and regulating abufes in his Majesty’s cuftoms.

Cap. 12. For the better relief of the poor of this kingdom. '

Cap. 13. For prohibiting the import tation of foreign bonelace, cur-work, imbroiflery, fringe, baftd-firings, buttons and needle-work.

Cap. 14. Direfting the profecution of fiich as are accountable for prize goods.

Cap. 15. For regulating the trade of (Uk-throwing.

Cap. 16. For the more fpeedy and cffeftual bringing those persons to account, whofe accounts are excepted in the act of oblivion.

Cap. 17. For the relief of colleftors of publick monies, and their af-. fiftants and deputies.

Cap, 18. Againft exporting of fheep, wool, wool-fells, mortlings, fhor-lings, yam made of wool, wool-flocks, fullers-earth, fulling-clay, and tobacco-pipe-clay.

Cap. 19. Againft importing of foreign wool-cards, card-wire, of iron-wire.

Cap. 20. For providing carriage by land and by water, for the use of his Majesty’s navy and ord-. nance.

a 2  Cap.  2%

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 21. For preventing the unne-ceflare charge of fheriffs, and for cafe in patting their accounts.

Cap. 22. For preventing of theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England.

Cap. 23. An additional ad concerning matters of aiTurance ufed amongft merchants.

Cap. 24. Concerning bankrupts.

Cap. 25. For the reftoring of all fuch advowfons, redories, impropriate glebe-lands and tithes to his Ma-jefty’s loyal fubjeds, as were taken from them, and making void certain charges impofed on them upon their compofitions for delinquency, by the late ufurped powers.

Cap. 26. For reforming abufes committed in the weight and falfe packing of butter.

Cap. 27. For repairing of Dover harbour.

Cap. 28. For regulation of the pilchard fifliing in the counties of Devon and Cornvbal.

Cap. 29. For reverfing the earl of Strafford his attainder.

Cap. 30. For the importing of madder pure and unmixed.

Cap. 31. To prevent the inconvenience arifing by melting the filver coin of this realm.

Cap. 32. For the better regulating of the manufadure of broad woollen cloth, within the weft-riding of the county of York.

Cap. 33. For preventing the frequent abufes in printing feditious, trea-fonable, and unlicenced books and pamphlets, and for regulating of printing and printing-preffes.

Private Afts.

Anno 13 & 14 Caroli II.

I.  An ad for the fettling of the eftate of James late duke of Richmond and LenoSy according to agreement of Charles duke of Richmond and Leetos, Mary duchefs dowager of Richmond and Lenos% and the lady

Mary her daughter, and the trtf-ftees of the said lady duchefs.

2.  An ad for confirmation of certain letters patents made and to be made to the right noble lord George duke of Albermarle, of feveral honours, manors and hereditaments granted or mentioned to be granted to him by his Majesty.

3.  An ad for confirming the eftate of John marquefs of Winchejler in certain manors and lands whereof the deeds and evidences were burnt and loft at the taking of the caftlc of Bafmg.

4.  An ad to confirm the fale of certain lands fold by Ferdinando late earl of Huntingdon, for the payment of his own and his father’s debts.

5.  An ad for fettling a capital mef-fuage or manfion-houfe with the appurtenances in Kenjington in the county of Middlefexy upon Baptijl vifeount Campden and his heirs.

6.  An ad for confirming An aft re-Jloring to Thomas lord Culpepper, Jon and heir atid foie executor of John lord Culpepper, baron of Thofway and majlcr of the rolls deceafed, all his honours, manors, lands and tene-

* ments, Icafes not determined and hereditaments whatfoever, whereof the said John lord Culpepper was in pojfeffion on the twentieth of May 1642. or at any time after, which have not been fmee fold or aliened by the said John late lord Culpeper by afts or ajfurances to which bimfelf was

. party and confuting.

7.  An ad to enable the bi(hop of London to leafe out the tenements new built upon the feite of his palace in London.

8.  An ad for the naturalizing of Phi-ladelphia, wife to the right honourable Thomas lord Wentworth.

9.  An ad for confirming feveral ads therein mentioned.

10.  An ad for confirming two ads therein mentioned*

11.  An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

tl. An act for the eridowment of fe-veral churches by the lord vifeount Scudamore of Sligo in the realm of

Ireland.

12.  An act for the difuniting the hundreds of Dudfton and King's Barton from the county of the city of Glou-after, and reftoring them to be part of the county of Glmcefter.

13.  An act for the making navigable of the rivers of Stower and Salwerp, and the rivulets and brooks running into the fame, in the counties of Worcffler and Stafford.

14.  An act for the making navigable of the rivers of Wye and Lugg, and the rivers and brooks running into the fame, in the counties of Here-fori, Glmcefter, and Monmouth.

15.  An ad for fettling certain manors and lands late of Sir James Enyons, baronet, on Sir Henry Puckering alias Newton, baronet, and Sir Charles Aderley, knight, his fur-viving truftees, to fell for payment of his debts*

16.  An act for confirmation of certain decrees of fewers made by the commiflioners for the limits ot the level of the river of Ancholm in the county of Lincoln.

17.  An act for confirming a decree made on the behalf of Thomas Der-bam, efquire, and the improvements, exchanges and allotments therein mentioned.

j8. An a& for the enabling Sir Thoms Lee, baronet, to exchange fome lands fettled upon the marriage of dame Anne Lee his now wife, in confederation of another fettlement of lands of equal value in lieu thereof.

19.  An act for difeharging the manors of Stodfcomb and Holwell, and other lands in the county of fXevon, from the truft of one hun-dred and fifty years made unto t John earl of Exeter, Johrf earl of Bridgtvater, and Oliver earl of Bo-lingbroke.

20.  An act for fupplying a fuppofed defeft of the words ftand and be feized, in a deed for fettling of divers manors and lands on Sir Henry Frederick Thynne.

21.  An act for confirming the copy-hold eftates of divers of his Ma-jefty’s copyhold tenants within the honour ot Clitherow in the county palatine of Lancafter, parcel of the duchy of Lancafter, according unto feveral decrees in the court of duchy chamber of the said county palatine.

22.  An act for confirmation of the eftates of feveral tenants and copy-holders of the manors of Ratines, Irchefter, Rufhden, and feveral o-ther manors, parcels of the duchy of Lancafter.

23.  An act for confirming, explaining and enlarging an aft, intituled. An aftfor the levying of certain monies due upon the colleftion for the pro-teftants of Piedmont.

24.  An act to enable the fale of fome of the lands of William Milward, efquire, for payment of fome of his debts.

25.  An aft veiling certain lands in Bleafby in Sir John Mounfon the younger, Robert Thorold, efquire, and Anthony Eyre the elder, efquire, and their heirs, to fell for payment of the debts of Sir Robert Dallifon and William Dallifon.

26.  An act to enable the truftees of Henry Nevill, efquire, to fell certain manors, lands and tenements in the counties of York and Leicefter, for payment of his and his fon William Nevill's debts, and likewife to confirm and ftrengthen the fale of fuch lands as they have already fold in the county of York.

27.  An act for the making void certain fines unduly procured to be levied by1 Sir Edwardftoivel, knight and baronet, and dame Mary his wife.

28.  An act for fale of Sir Robert

a 3  Slingfiy,

I

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Slingjhy, deceafed, his lands, for payment of his debts.

29.  An act to enable Sir Anthony Brown to fell lands for payment of debts.

30.  An act to enable Anthony Etrsch to fell lands for payment of his debts.

31.  An act for the naturalizing of Anna Ferrers and feveral other persons named therein.

32.  An act for the naturalization of Mark Le Pla, and others.

33.  An act for the repairing of Beng-ivortb bridge in the county of Wor-cejler.

34.  An act to enable Rowland Qie-over, efquire, to fell certain lands in the county of Derby.

35.  An act to enable Mrs. Clemence Rivers and Mrs. Rofe Rivers, to fell certain lands and houfes for payment of the debts of Edward Rivers, efquire, deceafed, and pro-vifion for his younger children.

36.  An aft enabling Thomas Peck, efquire, to fell a manor and fome lands in the county of Norfolk, for the payment of his debts, and other ufes.

37.  An act for confirmation of agreements made between nomas Bujhell, efquire, and the miners of Rowpitts in Somerfctfbirei for recovering their drowned and deferted works.

38.  An act for the fettling certain lands belonging unto Francis Tin-Ad, gentleman, upon truftees, to be fold for the payment of debts.

39.  An act for confirmation of three afts therein mentioned.

—-— ■  — .... ...

Anno 15 Caroli II.

pap. 1. For repairing the highways within the counties of Hertford, Cambridge and Huntingdon.

Cap. 2. for the punilhment of unlawful cutting or ftcaling, or fpoiling of wood and under-wood, and de-ftroyers of young timber-trees.

Cap. 3. To explain and fupply t former aft for diftribution of three-fcore thoufand pounds amongft the truly loyal and indigent commifr fion-officers, and for aflefling of offices, and diftributing the monies thereby raifec), for their further fupply.

Cap. 4; An additional aft for the better ordering the forces in the feve* ral counties of this kingdom.

Cap. 5. For the regulating feleft veftnes.

Cap. 6. For relief of fuch perfons, as by licknefs or other impediment were difabled from fubferibing the declaration in the act of uniformity, and explanation of part of the Aid aft.

Cap. 7. For the encouragement pf traae.

Cap. 8. To prevent the felling of live fat cattle by butchers.

Cap. 9. For granting four intire fubr fidies to his Majesty by the temporally.

Cap. 10. For confirming of four fubr fidies granted by the clergy.

Cap. 11. An additional aft for the better ordering and collefting the duty of excife, and preventing the abufes therein.  :

Cap. 12. An explanatory aft for recovery of the arrears of excife. .

Cap. 13. An additional aft for the better ordering and collefting the revenue arifing by hearth-money ^

Cap. 14. For fettling the profits of the poft-office, and power of grantr ing wine-licences, on his roy^l highness the duke of York and the heirs males of his body.

Cap. 15. For encouraging the manu-faftures of making linen cloth and tapiftry, •

Cap. 16. For regulating the herring and other fiftieries, and for repeal of the aft concerning madder.

Cap. 17. For fettling the draining of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level

Private

A TABLE of tin

Private Afts.

Anno 15 Carols IL

I.  An act for the fettling of the lands of the earl of Kent and the lord Lucas, on the marriage of the said earl with the daughter and heir apparent of the lord Lucas.

An act for the fettling of a free fehooi in Witney in the county of Oxony being erefted and endowed by Henry Box, citizen and grocer of London deceafed.

3.  An act to enable the biihop of Winchejler to leafe out the tenements now built upon the fcite of his manfion house in the pari(h of Saint Saviours in Southwark in the county of Surrey, and the two parks and other demefnes at Bijhops Waltham , and other lands in the county of Southampton.

4.  An aft tor repairing and better preferving the key t>t the port of Wells in the county of Norfolk.

5.  An act for the governing of the hofpital of Saint Ofwalds in the county of Worafter.

6.  An act to enable Sir Francis Boynton, baronet, and Richard Robinfon9 eiquire, to fell Certain lands of John Robinfon, efquire, for payment of debts, and leafing of other lands for making provifioi* for his younger children,

7.  An act for making void certain conveyances Aiade by CariU lord Mellineux in the late times,

8.  An act to confirm a deed made by Charles Pitcarney efquire,

9.  An act for the naturalization of dame Elizabeth Jacoby and others.

10.  An act for the naturalizing of George Willoughby, and others.

II.  An act for confirming An act for naturalizing of Peter De La Pierre alias Peters and John Dt La Pierre alias Peters.

I*. An act to enable Edward mar-quefs of Worcefter to receive the benefit and profit of a water com-

: STATUTES.

manding engine by him invented, one tenth part whereof is appropriated for the benefit of the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors.

13.  An act for the fettling an annuity of three hundred pounds per annum upon Charles earl of Portland, and for the benefit of Willoughby Whit-locke, Bulftrode Whitlockey and Carle-ton Whitlocke, infants, and for confirming of agreements made to compofe fuits in law aeainft them.

14.  An act for fettling the charitable gift of John Gueft.

15.  An act to enable Sir John Pack-ington and his truftees, to fell or otherwife difpofe of certain lands, for the payment of his debts, and railing portions for his younger children.

16.  An act to enable Edivard Cha-lomer, efquire, to make provifion for Anne his wife, and his younger children.

17.  An act for the naturalizing of

Charlotte Hejfen Kffligrew, and others.

18.  An act to impower Sir John Drake, and others, to make fale of lands, for payment of the portion of Ellen Brifcoe, widow.

19.  An act to enable the fale of fonie of the lands of Richard Senior and Anthony Senior deceafed, for payment of fome of their debts.

Anno 16 Caroli II.

Cap. 1. Fortheaflemblingandholding of parliaments once in three years at the leaft ; and for the repeal of an aft intituled. An act for the preventing of inconveniencics happening by the long intermijfion of parliaments.

Cap. 2. For preventing of abatement of writs of error upon judgments in the exchequer.

Cap. 3. For collecting the duty arifmg by hearth-money, by officers to be appointed by his Majesty.

Cap. 4. To prevent and fupprefs fe<* ditious conventicles,

a 4  Cap.  5.

itized by 

A TABLE of the

Cap. <. To prevent the difturbances of ieamep and others, ^nd to pre-ferve the ftores belonging to his Majjefty's navy royal.

Cap. 6. To prevent the delivering up of merchants (hips to pirates, &c.

pap. 7. Againft deceitful, diforderly, and exceflive gaming.

Cap. 8. For continuance of a former ad for regulating the prefs.

Private Afts.

Anno 16 Caroli II.

j. An ad for vacating certain conveyances made by Sir John Packington, baronet, to Chrijlopher Henn, and others.

2.  An ad for the f^le of the manor of Ingoldejby, and divers lands in Ingoldejby in the county of Lincoln, fo* railing portions for the two daughters and coheirs of Sir IVtl-Ham Armin the younger, baronet, deceafed.

3.  An ad for the fale of certain lands for payment of the debts of Sir Sack-vile Glemham.

, 4, An ad to enable truftees for Sir IVUiiam Keite to fell lands for the payment pf debts.

5.  An ad fot confirmation of the in-clofure gnd improvement of Mai-verpe Chafe.

6.  An ad for fettling the charitable gift of Abraham Colfe clerke, for creding and endowing two free fchools and an almftioufe at ijham in Kent.

7.  An ad for naturalizing of dame Katherine Sayer, and others.

8.  An ad to enable Francis Cottington

‘ or Charles Cottington, to fettle and

difpofe of lands in jointure for any wife or wives they fhall take in marriage.

p. An ad to enable Charles Cotton, efquire, to make leafes of lands, for payment of debts.

Jp. An ad for the making of the

church ereded at Falmouth a parity church, and no part of the parity of Gluvias or chapelry of Saint Bu-docjte. 22 & 23 Car. 2. c. ia.

Ano 16 £sf 17 Garoli II.

Cap. 1. For granting a royal aid unto the King’s majefty, of twenty-four hundred threefcore and feventeen thoufand and fiye hundred pounds, to be raifed, levied and paid in the fpace of three years.

Cap. 2. For regulating the meafums and prices of coals.

Cap. 4. An additional ad for the betr ter ordering and colleding the duty of excife.

Cap. 5. To prevent delays in extending ftatutes, judgments and recognizances.

Cap. 6. For repealing of part of an ad of parliament, intituled. An aft direfting the profecution of fuch as are accountable for prize goods.

Cap. 7. For continuance of a former ad for regulating the prefs.

Cap. 8. To prevent arrefts of judgment, apd fuperfejding executions.

Cap. 9. To impower the chancellor of the duchy to grant commiflions for taking affidavits within the duchy-liberties.

Cap. 10. For continuance of a former ad for repairing the highways within the county of Hertford.

Cap. II* For draining ot the fen, called Deeping-Fen, and other fens therein mentioned.

Cap. 12. An ad for making the river

' Avon navigable from Chrijl-churcb tQ the $ity of New Sarum.

Private Afts.

Anno 16 & 17 Car oli II.

1.  An ad to enable Sir Edward Huq-gerford, knight of the bath, t0 fcM :  '  fer-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

/certain lands in the coqnty of Devon.

». An ad for the enabling of truftees <o Hell part of the eftate of Samuel Sandys the elder, efquire, and of his ion Samuel Sandys, for payment of debts.

3.  An ad for confirming a deed of fettlement between the earl of Tha-

netand his younger brothers.

4.  An ad to enable the biihop of

Wintbefler to convey one hundred acres of land, lying in the great difparked park of  Waltham

in the parifh of Bij Waltham in the county of Sou, upon jhp redor of the said pariih church of  Bijbops Waltham and his fuccef-

fors, in lieu of all tithes and payments for tithes due to the said redor and his fucceflors for Waltham parks.

j. An ad to enable the lord Henry Powlett, George Wi, and John Mompejpm,to fell the manor of

.  AbbottsAnne in the county of South-

ampton.

6.  An ad to enable Henry lord Loug-

lorough to make the river and fewer navigable from or near Briftowe Caujey in the county of Surrey, into the fiver of  Thames.

7.  An ad to enable truftees for the

lord  Strangford to fell lands for pay-

ment of debts.

8.  An ad for reftoring of Sir Charles Stanley in blood.

9.  An ad for the fettling of feveral manors, lands and tenements of Sir Jacob AJlley, lying in the counties of Norfolk ana Warwick.

10.  An ad for fettling the eftate of Sir Robert Carr, baronet.

u. An ad for making the river of Medway navigable, in the counties of Kent and Suffix.

12.  An ad for making divers rivers navigable, or otherwife pafiable fof boats, barges, and other vefiels.

j3. An ad tor fettling of differences between the towqs of Great an$

Little Yarmouth, touching the lading and unlading of herrings, and other merchandifes and commodities.

14.  An ad for the naturalizing Dede-ric alias Richard Comes, and others.

15.  An ad for confirming of an ad, intituled. An a£t to enable Jofeph Micklethwaite an infant and his truftees to fell land for payment of his father's debts.

16.  An ad for the enabling of Thomas Juckes of Treliddan in the county of Mountgomery,t{quire,to fell lands for the payment of his debts, and raif-ingnf younger childrens portipns.

17.  An ad to enable Francis Lee, efquire, to fell lands, for payment of debts, aiid to make provifion for his children.-

Anno 17 Caroli II.

Cap. 1, For granting the fum of twelve hundred and fifty thoufand pounds to the King’s majefty for his prefent further fupply.

Cap. 2. For reftraining nonconformists from inhabiting in corporations.

Cap, 3, For uniting churches in cities and towns corporate.

Cap. 4. For continuance of a former ad for regulating the prefs.

Cap. 5. For attainting Thomas Dole-putts, Jtftpb Bampfieland Thomas Scot, of nigh trealon, if they render not themfelves by a day.

Cap. 6. An ad for taking away of damage deer.

Cap. 7. For a more fpeedy and ef-feduaJ proceeding upon diftrefies and avowrie? fpr rents.

Cap. 8. For avoiding unneceflary fuits and delays.

Cap. 9. For granting one month’s ^fiemnent to his Majesty.

Private Alls.

Anno 17 Caroli II.

t. An ad for the naturalization of Lewis Blanquefort, and others.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Anno 18 CaroTt II.

Cap. i. For raifiog monies by a poll, and otherwife, towards the main, tenance of the prelent war.

Cap. %. Againft importing catdc from Ireland, and other parts beyond the seas, and fiih taken by foreigners.

Cap. 3. To continue a former aft for

. preventing of theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England.

Cap, 4, For burying in woolen only.

Cap. 5. For encouraging of coinage.

Private

Anno 18 CaII.

|. An act to .enlarge the time given by a former aft, for redemption of mortgages made by the earl of Cleaveland.

2.  An act for the naturalizing of

bella of Naffaw, wife of the right honourable the lord  one

of his Majesty's principal lecrateries of ftate.

3.  An act for fupply of part of the jointure of the lady Elizabeth Noell.

4.  An act for fettling the eftate of John Bodnell, efquire, deceafed.

5.  An additional aft for enabling the

fale of lands, to pay the lord  -

forts debts.

Anno 19 Caroli U.

Cap. 1. Explanatory of the aft for raiding monies by a poll, and other-wife, towards the maintenance of this prefent wjw.

Cap. 2. For erefting a judicature for determination of differences touching houfes burned or demolifhed by reafon of the late fire which happened in Loudon.

Cap* 3* For rebuilding the city of London.

Cap. 4. For relief of poor prisoners, and setting of them on Work.

Cap. 5. For extending a former aft concerning replevins and avowries, to the principality of , and the county palatines*

Cap.6. For redr els of ineanvetuendet by want of proof of the deceafes of persons beyond the.feas, or abfent-ing themielves upon whole lives elutes do depend.

Cap. 7. To prevent difturbapees of teamen and others, and to preserve the ftores belonging to his Maje-fty’s navy royal.

Cap. 8. For granting the lum of twelve hundred fifty-fix thoufand, three hundred forty-feven pounds, thirteen (hillings, to the King’s ma-jefty, for the maintenance of the prefent war.

Cap. 9. For taking the accounts of the feveral fums of money therein mentioned.

Cap. to. For banilhing and diiena-bling the carl of Clarendon.

Cap, ti. To make prize-lhips fire* for trade.

Cap. 12. For affigning orders in the exchequer without revocation.

Cap. 13. For fettling freedom and in-tercourfe of trade between England and Seotltuf/l.

Private

Amo 19 Caroli II.

I.  An act for naturalizing of Hejler Le Lou,the daughter and coheir of Gideon Le Lou, lord of Colhmbers in  Normandy, the now wife of the

right honburable Denzill, lord Hollis of If eld,

%. An act for confirming, explaining and enlarging an aft, intituled. An act to enable John lord Abergavenny, fon and heir of Henry late lord Abergavenny, to fell certain lands for payment of his debts, and preferment of his brother and fillers. 13 Car. 2, ft#. 1. c. 11.  \

3.  An act for the illegitimation of the children of the lady Anne Roos.

4.  An act for foie of a meffuage in

Chifwicke, for payment of the debts of Edward Rufftll, efquire.

5.  An act for confirmation of a iettlement

A TABLE of the

mart of die eftate of Sir Seymour Shirley, baronet.

i.  An act for fettling the moiety of the manor of Iron Afion on Sir John Pomtz.

7.  An ad for fettling an eftate in truft for the benefit 01 Mrs. Elizabeth Pride and her children.

I.  An ad for the afcertaining the bounds of the feveral redories of

SwofbamSaiest Ciriat, and of Swaf-ham Saint  Maries, within the town

of Swafham Prior in the county of Cambridge, and for die uniting yf the two churches there.

9.  An ad for the reftoring of Francis Scowtn, gentleman, ip blood.

10.  An ad for naturalizing dame Mary  Frazer, and others.

II.  An ad to enable a fale of lands for payment of the debts of Henry

Kendall,efquire.

12.  An ad for fettling part of the

lands of  Henry  Mildm, efquire de-

ceafed, for. payment of his debts, and making provifion for his children.

13.  An a£t to enable Leicejler

ner and his tru flees, to fell certain lands for payment of debts.

14.  An ad fo/fettling part of the pof-feffions oi John late earl of Clare de-ceafed, and enabling Gilbert earl of Clare his fon and heir, to aifpofe of lbme other part thereof, for payment of debts and portions.

15.  An ad to enable John lord bifhop of Durham and his fucceftors, to make leaies for three lives of certain lead mines.

(6. An ad for confirmation of an exchange of certain lands, between Horatio lord  Twmfend and the redor

of Eaft and Wejl Reynham in the county of Norfolk.

17.  An ad for the naturalization of Alvaro De Cojla, and others.

18.  An ad for fettling the lands there-

in mentioned upon Sir Richard Wife-man and  JfhnPlott apd their fieirs.

STATUTES.

to enable them the better to perform

a truft.

19.  An ad for exchanging certain manors and lands of William , efquire, for other lands fettled upon him and his iflue by Mary his wife.

Anno 20 Carols II.

Cap, 1, For railing three hundred and ten thoufand pounds, by an impo-fition on wines and other liquors.

Cap. 2. For the better payment of monies received for the use of the crown.

Cap. 3. For the increafe and preservation of timber within the foreft of Dean.

Cap. 4. For proceeding to judgment on writs of error brought in the exchequer.

Cap. 5. For giving liberty to buy and export learner, and (kins tanned or drafted.

Cap. 6. To regulate the trade of filk-throwipg.

Cap. 7. An additional ?d against the importation of foreign cattle.

Cap. 8. For the taxing and afieffing of the lands of the adventurers within the great level of die

Private Alls.

Anno 2p Carols II.

1.  An act to indemnify the late (he* riffs of the city of ,and the' warden of the Fleet, touching the efcapes of prisoners, and other matters occafioned by the late fire..

2.  An act for fettling of certain ma-

nors, lands and tenements of Sir Thomas  Leventhorp, baronet, in the

counties of EJfex and Hertford.

3.  An act to enable Sir Thomas Hafir letbwaite to fell or difpofe of land to pay debts, and make provifion for younger children.

4.  An act for confirmation of the fet-

tjemefit

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

element of Sir Kingfmyll Lucy, baronet, in the said aft mentioned, and for transferring over forae o-ther pyt of the real eftate of Sir Richard Lucy, knight and baronet deceafed, from Frauds Lucy, efquire.

5.  An act to confirm an agreement between William Pa/ton, efquire. lord of the manor of Horton, ana the tenants of the said manor, for an inclofure of part of the wafte of the said manor, for the preservation and growth of wood and timber.

6.  An act for enabling of Sir William Juxon, knight and baronet, executor of the last will and teftaraent of

. William Juxon late lord archbilhop of Canterbury^ to recover part of his eftate.

7.  An act for the better fecuring of a portion of 5000/. to and for the lady Frances Savile9 an infant daughter of Thomas late earl of Suffex deceafed, out of part of the eftate of

. James earl of Suffix alfo an infant, m purfuance of the will of the said Thomas earl of Suffix.

8.  An aft on the behalf of Dawes Wt-monfeld, efquire, for fettling certain colfotnary lands held of the manor qf WimbUton in the county of Surrey.

9.  An act to enable the execution of a truft for payment of the debts and providing for the younger children of Richard Tayler, efquire, deceafed.

10.  An act for enabling truftees to make leafes, for payment of the debts, and providing for the children of Sir Charles Stanley.

Anno 22 Caroli II.

Can. 1. To prevent and fupprefs fe-ditious conventicles.

Cap. 2. For repairing of the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth.

(Hap. 3. For granting to his Majesty fin impofition upon a}} wines and

vinegar imported between the four and twentieth day of June 1670. aud the four and twentieth day of June ifiy8.

Cap. For the fettling the impofition on brandy.

Cap. 5. For taking away the benefit of clergy from fuch as fteal cloth from the rack, and from fuch as (hall fteal or imbezil his Majcfty’s ammunition and (lores.

Cajp.6. For advancing the fale of fee-tarm rents and other rents.

Cap. 7. To enable the King’s majefty to make leafes, grants and copies, of offices, lands, tenements and hereditaments, parcel of his Highnefs duchy of Cornwall or aiv-nexed to the feme.

Cap. 8. For afeertaining the meafures of com and felt.

Cap. 9. For authorizing certain com-miflioners of the realm of England. to treat with commiffioners of Sco/-land) for the weal of both kingdoms.

Cap. 10. For fale of part of the eftate of Sir John Prittyman, for fatisfacr tion of a debt by him due to the King’s majefty.

Cap. n. An additional aft for the rer building of the city of London, uniting of parifhes, and rebuilding of the cathedral and parochial churches within the said city.

Cap. 12. An additional aft for the better repairing of highways and bridges.

Cap. 13. For improvement of tillage, and the breed of cattle.

Private ARs.

Anno 22 Caroli II.

1.  An act for John Manners, called lord Roos, to marry again.

a. An act for fettling certain charitar ble ufes devifed by John late bifhop of Rocbefter.

3.  An act for to enable Anthony AJblejy efquire, fon of the lord Aj/hloy> to acknowledge fines and fuffer recoveries

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

vcffcs of lands and hereditaments, whilft he is under the age of twenty and one years.

4.  An act for fettling part of the eftate of dame Sufan Bellafis widow, late wife of Sir Henry BtUafts de-ceafed*

5.  An act for confirming purchafers eftates, and for fettling the differences between the lady Elizabeth Lee and the daughters and coheirs of the late earl of Downe.

6.  An act to enable the truftees for the lord vifcount Strangford of the kingdom of Ireland, to fell certain lands, for the payment of the re* mainder of his debts.

7.  An act for the enabling Sir William Gojhvicke, knight, to make a jointure to dame Mary his wife.

8.  An act for confirming the eftate of Sir Ralph Banka in the manor of Thesbejlet alias Thirsbejlet, and other lands in the county and bp-rough of Carmarthen.

9.  An act for .fele of lands to pay the debts, 2nd raife portions for the younger children ot Sir Cuthbert Heron, baronet.

20.  An act to enable dame Elizabeth Roush, mother and executrix of the laft. will and teftament of Dorothy Farewell widow deceafed, late the relift and executrix of John Farewell late of the Inner Temple, London, cfquire, to fell certain lands for the payment of debts.

11.  An act for fettling the manor or lordfhip of Firebecke in the county of York, and other lands therein mentioned, on truftees, to enable them to fell the fame for the payment of debts.

12.  An act for the building of a roanfion-houfc for the dean of St. Pauls church, London.

13.  An aft concerning the difpofing of a house and lands belonging to the fillers and coheirs of Margaret Strode.

14.  An act for endowment of a

church- at Shadwell, now id the rilh of Stepney in Middlefex, and making of it pafochial diftinft from Stepney.

15.  An act for fettling the draining . of the fens in Lincolnjbire called

Deeping Finns.

16.  An act for making navigable ther rivers commonly called Brandon and Waveney„

17.  An act to enable Thomas Herd, cfquire, to make leafes of his eftate#

18.  An act to enable Richard Beckham and others, to fell lands, to pay his father’s debts, and to raife portions for his youngier brothers.

19.  An act to enable John Bill, cfquire, to fell certain lands in Kent and Surry. 22 b* 23 Car. 2. c. 14.

20.  An act for enabling Thomas Leigh, efquire, to fell part of his lands, for payment of debts.

21.  An act to enable Robert Hotchkin, to fell lands, to pay debts, and

„ raife portions for daughters.

22.  An act to enable Henry and Jane Perkins,to infure to doftor Wharton lands purchafed in the county palatine of Durham.

23.  An act to enable Thomas Davifon to fell lands, to pay debts, and provide for younger children.

24.  An act for the naturalization of captain Chriftopher Ounman, and others.

25.  An act for the naturalizing of Horatio Woodhoufe, and others.

Anno 22 y 23 Caroli IL Cap. 1, To prevent malicious maiming and wounding.

Cap. 2. For continuance of a former aft, intituled. An all to prevent delays in extending Jiatutes, judgments and recognizances.

Cap. 3. For granting a fubfidy to his Majesty for fupply of his extraordinary occafions.

Cap. 4. For continuance of a former aft to prevent arrefts of judgments, and fuperfeding executions..

Cap.S.

zed Jcy 

A TABLE 6f the STATUTES.

Cap. for an additional exafe on beer, ale, and other liquors.

Cap. 6. For revefting the power of granting wine-licences in his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and for fettling a recompence on his royal Highnefc in lieu thereof.

Cap. 7. To prevent the malicious burning of houfes, flacks of corn and hay, and killing or maiming of cattle.

Cap. 8. For the regulating the making of Kidderminjler fluffs.

Cap. 9. For laying impoiitions on proceedings at law;

Cap. 10. For the better fettling of inteftates eftates.

Cap. 11. To prevent the delivery up of merchants (hips, and for the in-creafe of good and ferviceable (hipping.

Cap. 12. An additional aft for afcer-, taining the meafures of com and (alt. .

Cap. 13. For exporting of beer, ale and mum.

Cap. 14. For determination of differences touching houfes burnt or demolifhed within four years fince the late dreadful fire in London.

Cap. 15. For the better fettlement of the maintenance of the parfons, vicars and curates in the parifhes of the city of London, burnt by the late dreadful fire there.

Cap. 16. For the difcovery of fuch as have defrauded the poor of the city of London of the monies given for their relief, at the times of the late plague and fire, and for recovery of the arrears thereof.

Cap. 17. For the better paving and clcanfing the streets and fewers in and about the city of London.

Cap. 18. For the better regulating of workhoufes, for fetting the poor on work.

Cap. 19. To prevent frauds in the buying and felling of cattle in Smith-fields and elfewhere.

Cap. 20, For t&f relief an4 releafi; of poor diftreffed prisoners fof debt.

Cap. 21. For taking the accounts of nxty thoufand pounds and other monies given to the loyal and indigent officers.

Cap. 22. For the better and more certain recovery of fines and forfeitures due to nis Majefiy.

Cap. 23. To revive an ad, intituled. An a£f to prevent the difhtrbances of feamen and otherj, and to preserve the Jiores belonging to his Majeftfs navy royal, with feme alterations and additions*

Cap. 24. For veiling certain fee-farm rents, and other small rents, in truftees*

Cap. 25. For the better prefervation of the game, and for fecuring warrens not inclofed, and the levcral fifhings of this realm.

Cap. 26. To prevent the planting of tobacco in England\ and for regulating the plantatioh trade.

Private ABs.

Anno 22 fcf 23 Caroli H.

1.  An adl to enable Chriftophtr duke of Albemarlo to reconvey feverai manors and lands mortgaged to George late duke of AlbemarU his father.

2.  An ad to enable the guardians of Gharlit earl of Shrewfbury and John Talbot, efquire, infants, to dilpofe of certain manors, lands and tenements, for the benefit of the (aid infants.

3.  An adl for confirming agreements between the lord vifeount of Stafford and his lady, and their cuf-tomary tenants and copyholders.

l.  An adl to enable the making conveyances of part of the eftate of James lord Norreys during his minority.

’. An act to enable Robert lord bifhop of Bangor, and Ifaac lord bifhop of Saint Afaphj and their refpe&ive fucceflbrs for .ever, to ktt for ono

and

A TABLE of the

and twenty years all lead mines in their foil.

6.  An ad for impowtring the ex-

ecutors and trunees of Henry late lord  Ingram, vifeount Irwin in the

kingdom of Scotland, deceafed, to fell certain lands for the payment of debts and legacies.

7.  An a& for granting to Sir Philip Howard and Francis Watfon, efquire, the foie use of a manufacture, art or invention, for the benefit of (hipping.

8.  An ad to enable Francis Courtney efquire, to join with Sir William Courtney his father, in a conveyance for fettling their eftate.

9.  An act for the better payment of the debts of Sir Clifford knight, deceafed, ana railing portions for his daughters.

to. An ad for fettling an agreement between Sir William Smith and Sir Thomas Hooke, baronets, German Poole, and others.

11.  An ad to enable the daughters and coheirs of Sir John Fitz James to join in a fale of lands for payment of his debts.

An ad for the better explanation of an ad made in this prefent parliament, entituled.  for the

making of the church  at Fal-

mouth a parish c, and no part of the parijb of Gluvias or of Saint Bufdocke.

13.  An »d to enable  Mary

and Letitia Hammond,to fell certain lands in the bill mentioned.

14.  An ad for the redifying a miftake

of dates of deeds mentioned in an ad of parliament, intituled. aft to enable John Bill,  to  fell

certain lands in Kent and Surrey. 22 Car. 2. c. 19.

13. An ad for an exchange and fale of lands for payment of the debts of  Benedift Hall, efquire.

16.  An ad for the fettling the manor of  Portfwood,and other lands, late

of John Knight, gentleman, in the

STATUTES.

county and town and county of Southampton, in John Parker, fer-geant at law, Mr. William Morgan, and William  Blennerhqjj of London,

gentleman, to be fold for payment of debts.

17.  An ad for veiling and fettling the fee fimple of certain lands on his Majesty his heirs and fuccefiors, which have been taken into and fpoiled by making new fortifications about the town of Portfmouth.

18.  An ad for explaining of a pro-vifo contained in an ad, intituled.

An act for fettling the profits of the

poft-office, andpower of granting wine licences, on his royal  the  duke

of York and the heirs males of his body.

19.  An ad for building Arundel! houfe, and the tenements thereunto belonging.

20.  An ad to enable Charles Howard, efquire, and Mary his wife, to levy a fine, and fuffer a recovery, of their ellate in the manor of Darling,

21.  An ad to enable Henry Booth, efquire, to levy fines, and fuffer recoveries.

22.  An ad to enable Sir Andrew Hacket, knight, to fettle a portion of money on Mary Hacket his daughter.

23.  An ad. for fettling the manor of Shabbingion, for payment of the debts of Sir William Clarke, baronet.

24.  An ad to enable truffees to fell the manors, lands and leafes of Sir Thomas Ogle, knight, deceafed, for railing a portion, and prefent maintenance for his daughter and heir, and payment of his debts.

25.  An ad for improving the naviga-. tion between the town of Bofion and the river of Trent.

26.  An ad for fettling and preferring the navigation of the river Wey in the county of Surrey.

27.  An ad for uniting the vicarage and parfonage of Rojft in the county of Hereford.

28.  An

A tABLE of the STATUTES.

28.  An ad for making the manor 6f Parifgarden a parifh, and to enable the parifhioners of Saint Saviours, Southwark, to raife a maintenance

1  for minifters, and for repair of their church.

29.  An ad for fale of part of the eftate of Thomas Herlackenden, efqtrife, for fatisfadion of a debt due to his MX-jetty.

30.  An ad for fettling lands intended by John Sams for charitable ufes.

Anno 25 Caroli II.

Cap. 1. For railing the fom of twelve hundred, thirty-eight thoufand, fe-ven hundred and fifty pounds, for fupply of his Majesty’s extraordinary occafions.

Cap. 2. For preventing dangers which may happen from popifh recufants.

Cap. 2. For enabling his Majesty to make leafes of his lands belonging to the duchy of CornwaL

Cap. 4. For repeal of a claufe in a former ad, to prohibit lalefmen from felling; fat cattle.

Cap. 5. For the King’s majefty’s rood gracious, general and free pardon.

Cap. 6. For taking off aliens duty upon commodities of the growth, pro-dud and manufadure of this nation.

Cap. 7. For encouraging the Greenland and EaJUand trades, and for the better fecuring the plantation trades.

Cap. 8. For continuing a former ad concerning coinage.

Cap. 9. To enable the county palatine of Durham, to fend knights and burgeffes to ferve in parliament.

, Cap. 10. For the reviving the judicature for the determination of differences touching houfes burnt down and demolilhed by teafon of the late fire which happened in Lon-don, and for rebuilding the Navy-Office.

Private Afts.

Anno 25 Caroli II.

1.  An ad for the fettlettaent of thi redory of Chudhigh in the county of Devon, upon Thomas lord Clifford, and others.

2.  An ad to enable James earl of Sa-UJbury to lett leafes of certain lands arid tenements for any term not exceeding forty years.

3^ An ad to enable the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of Btiftol, to exchange their vicarage of Berkley in the county of Glome-Jler, with George lord Berkley, for his redory of Saint Michaels in Sutton Bonnington m the county of Nottingham.

4« An ad to enable the truftees of Sif William Hanham, baronet, deceafed, to fell lands to pay his debts, according to his own diredion in his lifetime, and for management of the eftate of Sir John Hanham an infant, during his minority.

5< An ad to confirm articles of agreement made upon the marriage of Sir William Rich, baronet.

6.  An ad for the confirming of ah a-ward made by Sir Orlando Bridgman, knight and baronet, late lord keeper of the great feal of Englandf for the ending of all differences in the family of Sir Thomas Woohrich, knight and baronet, deceafed, and to enable ‘ John Wbolricb, efquire, and his heirs, to execute the powers in the f&id award mentioned.

7.  An ad for transferring the intereft of a term of years in certain manors and lands late of Sir Robert Berkley, knight, deceafed, and payment of portions appointed to his grandchildren.

8.  An ad for confirming agreements made between Sir Ralph Banks, Sir

?ohn Hanham, baronet, Ellis Bet hell, 'homas Mackrell, Richard Warland, and John Edwards, by their guardians, and divers other perfons.

9. An

A tA*l£ oft!* Statutes.

g. Ad Biwlaining Mid ^daring the extent of an exceptiea in a deed thtfflio nasnad.

10. An aft for  Robert Bella-ttfiofd1 lands for the payment of his debts.

11.  Aft aft fpr the neutralizing Philip Lloyd., gentleman.

Anno 27 taf*// H.

For the better and more easy rebuilding the town of Northampton*

Private Affs.

Anno 27 Gxrotf II.

1.  An act for the better enabling of Mary oountefe dowager of Warwick* to perform the last will and teftament of her deoeaibd hufband Charles late earl of Warmcke.

2.  An act for veiling lands of Alexander Davies gentleman, deceased, in trufiees for payment of his debts.

3.  An act to enable truflees to fell lands in the county of Glamorgan and Monmouth, for the payment of the debts of William Lewis, cfquire, deceafed, and the debts and legacies of Edward Lewis, cfquire, bis Ion deceafed.

4.  An act for granting a licence to his highness prince Rupert duke of Cumberland, for one and thirty years.

5.  An act to enable Sir Thomas Compton to make fale of his manor, of Hammerton in the county of Huntington.

f>. An act for the naturalizing of Theodore Rujfel, and others.

7. An act to enable Charles Cotton, cfquire, to fell lands for payment of debts, and railing portions for younger children.

Anno 29 Carols II.

Cap. 1. For raifuig the fum of five hundred eighty-four thoufand, nine hundred feventy-eight pounds, two

ypL.vm.

Shillings and twopence halfpenny, for the fpeedy building thirty (hips of war.

Cap. 2. For an additional excite upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for three years.

Cap. 3. For prevention of frauds and perjuries.

Can. 4. For erefting a judicature to determine differences touching houfes burnt and demolished by .the late dreadful fire in Southward.

Cap. 5. For taking of affidavits in the country, to be made use of in the court of King's bench, common pleas and exchequer.

Cap. 6. For the naturalizing of children of his Majesty's Englijb fub-jefts, bom in foreign countries during the late troubles.

Cap. 7. For the better obfervation of the Lord’s day, commonly called Sunday.

Cap. S. For confirming and perpetuating augmentations made by eccle-fiaftical persons to small vicarages and curacies.

Cap. 9. For taking away the writ de haretico comburendo.

Cap. io. For the better repairing and maintaining the pier of Great Yarmouth.

Private Afts.

Anno 29 Caroli II.

1.  An act to enable Robert earl of Mancbefter to fell lands for payment of his debts, and for fettling other lands of a greater value in lieu of those appointed to be fold.

2.  An act for rectifying a miftake in a general fettlement of the lord Mainard*s eftate, upon the marriage of his fon.

3.  An act to enable the right honourable the lady Mary Mordant to make fale of her intereft in the manor of Blichingley, and divers lands in the county of Surrey, tiotwith-ftanding her minority. „

4.  An act for payment of the debts

fc  of

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of Charles late lord vifeount Kilmo-rey of the kingdom c£ Ireland* and for railing of portions for Byron Needham and Charles Needham two of his younger Tons.

5.  An explanatory and fupplemental aft for the better enabling Sir Francis Compton to make (ale and difpofe of the manor of Hammerton or any part thereof, in the county of Huntington. 27 Car. 2. c. 5.

6.  An act to enable Sir Edward Hun-gerford* knight of the Bath* to make leafes for years of Hungerford house in the Strand, in the parim of Saint Martins in the Fields in the county of Middlefex* and of certain houfes and tenements thereunto adjoining.

7.  An act to enable Herbert Awbrey and his truftees to fell lands for payment of his debts.

8.  An act for fettling a maintenance on the vicar of Au-hallaws in the town of Northampton.

9.  An act to enable Thomas Barkley* efquire, and his truftees, to fell lands for payment of the debts of the said Thomas Barkley, and railing portions for his younger children.

10.  An act for naturalizing of Alice Rujbout, daughter of Sir James Ru-Jhout* baronet.

11.  An act for naturalization of Jacob David, and others.

12.  An act for the naturalization of Peter Reven* and others.

13.  An act to enable truftees to fell lands for payment of the debts of Edward Standijh. efquire.

14.  An act to enable the fale of certain lands in Winterborne White-church in the county of Dorfctt, lately belonging to Lawrence Squib* efquire, deceafed.

Anno 29 y 30 Caroli II.

Cap. 1. For raifing money by a poll, and otherwife, to enable nis Ma-jefty to enter into an aftual war against the French King, and for

prohibiting feveral French commo* dities.

Cap. 2. For continuance of two former afts for preventing of theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England.

Private xAEts,

— Anno 29  30  Caroli IL

1.  An act for the, afeertaining and

, eftablifhing of the filtered of the

lord and copyhold tenants of the manors of Weft Derby and Waver-tree in the county palatine of Lon-cajler, in relation to their fines and commons.

2.  An act to enable the guardian of the right honourable Edward earl of Warwicke and Holland* to make leafes of feveral meffuages herein after mentioned, during his minority, rendering the improved rent.

3.  An act to enable the right honourable Thomas lord Morley and Mount-eagle baron of Rye, to make fale of the manor of Farlton, and certain lands and hereditaments in Farlton in the county of Lansajler* for payment of debts.

4.  An act to enable the truftees of Bryan vifeount Cullen of the realm of Ireland to fell or difpofe of lands in Elmefthorp in the county of Lei-cejler* for the payment of debts, and raifing a portion for his daughter.

5.  An act to enable truftees to raife money upon Cobham Houfe and parke.

6.  An act to enable Sir John Cotton, baronet, to difpofe of a mefluage called St. Jermans, and lands therewith ufed near St. Albans in the county of Hertford* and to fettle other lands in lieu thereof.

7.  An act for confirmation of a decree made in the court of chancery the four and twentieth day of February, anno regtii Regis Caroli fecundi vicefirpo feptimo, in a caufe between

Sir

A TABLE of the

Sir Francis Rodes, baronet, fince deceafed, and dame Martha his wife, plaintiffs, and William Thorn-trn an infant, by Ciprian Thornton his guardian, and John Thornton and the {aid Ciprian Thornton defendants, and of feveral conveyances and affurances made by the laid Sir Francis Rodes in purfuance thereof, as well for payment of his debts as for provifion for his wife and children.

8.  An alt to (upply the defelts in a deed of fettlement made by John Coke, efquire, deceafed, and for alterihg a truft in part of the eftate of Robert Coke, efquire.

9.  An alt to enable Thomas Thynne of Longleat in the county of Wiltes, efquire, to fettle a jointure on a wife, of certain lands, tenements and hereditaments therein mentioned.

10.  An alt for difeharging the manor of Winftead in the county of York from a fettlement in tail, and charging other manors and lands in the county of Lincoln of a greater value with the fame ufes.

11.  An alt for the fettling certain lands belonging to William Gery of Bufhmead in the county of Bedford, efquire, upon truftees to be fold for payment of debts.

1JU An alt for the veiling of certain manors and lands of Edward Bedell of Woodrifeingva the county of Norfolk, efquire, in certain truftees to be fold, for payment of his debts, and for raifing of portions for Diana Bedell, IJabeUa Bedell, and Anne Bedell, infants, daughters of the said Edward Bedell, and for fuch other children as {hall hereafter be begotten by the said Edward Bedell upon the body of JfabeUa Bedell his now wife.

13. An alt to enable Fronds Brend, efquire, the furvivingfon and iffue male of Sir Matthew Brend, knight, deceafed, to fell certain lands for

STATUTES.

the raifing of three thoufand pounds for the portions of Frances and Elizabeth Brend the daughters of Thomas Brend, efquire, deceafed, late elder brother of the said Francis brend.

14.  An alt for the naturalizing of Jane de Galiere countefs of Lincoln, and others.

15.  An alt for reftoring the honour of baron Audley of Hely, to James lord Audley, and others herein mentioned.

16.  Ah alt for the appropriating the reltories of Llaurhayader in Moch-nant in the counties of Denbigh and Montgomery and of Sleviog in the county of Flint, for repairs of the cathearal church of Saint Afaph, and the better maintenance of the choir there, and alfo for the uniting leveral reltories fine cur a, and the vicarages of the fame parifhes, within the diocefs of St. Afaph aforefaid.

17.  An alt to enable the truftees of Sir Ralph Banks to fell lands for payment of debts.

18.  An alt for fettling divers manors, farms and lands in the county of Hertford, now in the poffeffion of Francis Shakrojfe, efquire, and for making provifion for younger children, and payment of debts.

19.  An alt to enable truftees to fell lands for the raifing of money to pay the debts of John Samine, efquire.

20.  An alt to enable truftees to fell lands for payment of the debts of John Herring, deceafed.

21.  An alt to enable truftees to fell lands for payment of the debts of Sir William Thorold late of Hough in the county of Lincoln, knight, deceafed.

Anno 30 Caroli II.

Can. 1. For granting a fupply to his Majesty of fix hundred nineteen thoufand, three hundred eighty* eight pounds, eleven (hillings and b 2  nine

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

nine pence, for dilbanding the army, and other ufes therein mentioned.

Cap. 2. For granting an additional duty to his Majesty upon wines for three years.

Cap. 3. For burying in woollen.

Cap. 4. For the further relief and difcharge of poor diftrefled prisoners for debt.

Cap. 5. For repealing certain words in a claufe in a former aA, intituled, An act for enlarging and repairing of common highways.

Cap. 6. For reviving a former aA, intituled. An aft Tor avoiding unne-ceffary flits aud delays, and for continuance of one other aA, intituled, An act for the better fettling of in-tefates efates.

Cap. 7. To enable creditors to recover their debts of the executors and adminiftrators of executors in their own wrong.

Cap. 8. For the admeafurement of keels and boats carrying coals.

Cap. 9. For prefervation of filhing in the river or Severn.

Private Afts.

Anno 30 Caroli II.

1.  AnaA to fupply an omlffion in the fettlement ot the eftate of Sir Trevor Williams, baronfet, made upon the marriage of his eldeft fon, and to enable his eldeft fon to make a jointure to a fecond wife.

2.  An act for increafing the revenue of the dean of Saint Pauls, and af-foring the eftates of his tenants in Shadwell in the county of Middlefex.

3.  An act for vefting the rcAory of Weflerham in the county of Kent in truftees, to be fold for payment of the debts of EdwardGreJham, efquife.

4.  An ad for the better enabling the trurtees of Sir Thomas CaveJ knight and baronet, deceafed, for the felling of lands for the performance of

; tttf will qf Up

and likewife for the vefting knS fat* ling of other lands.

5.  An act for uniting and confdidati ins; the churches of Beaumont ad Moft in the county of EJfex.

6.  An aA on the behalf oxjobn For* tefeuty for the executing certaii trails devolved upon infants.

7.  An act for maiking part of the pa« rifh of Saint Martin in the Fields 5 new parifh, to be called the parifl of Saint Anne within the liberty ol Weflminfler.

8.  An act to enable truftees to fel the lands of Tan field Afulfoy efquire, late deceafed, tor payment of hii debts, and making provifion for hii children.

9.  An act for naturalizing of Job SchoppertSy and others.

10.  An act to make good a mort gage made by John Forth, deceafed to Thomas Cook and Nicholas Cara and for making provifion for Henr\ Forth fon of the said John Forth.

11.  An act for making navigable thi river Fate alias Vale in the count] of Cornwall.

12.  An act to enable Thomas Plater gentleman, to fell lands for paymen 6f debts charged upon the fame and reimburfing him fuch fums 0 money as he hath or lhall lay ou in repairing the breaches made b; the inundation of the fea, and keep ing the waters out.

Anno 30 Caroli II. flat. 2.

'Tor the inore effcAual preferving th King’s person and government, b difabling paptfts from fitting in ei therhoufe of parliament.

Anno 31 Caroli II.

Cap. 1. For granting a fupply to hi Majesty ot two hundred and li thoufend, four hundred fixty-tw poupds, fcventccn (hillings an A  thre fhifce p«nce, for paying off and dtfbandtng the forces raifed fince Yhe nine and twentieth-of September 1677.

Cap. 2. For the better securing the liberty of the subject, and for prevention of imprisonments beyond the seas.

Cap. 3. Tor Teingrofflng df the records of fines burnt or loft in the late fire in the Temple.

Private Alls.

Anno 31 Caroli II.

1.  An act to confirm certain leafes made bv John Drake and others, to enable Sir Francis Drake \o make a jointure, and raife portions for his daughters and younger children.

2.  An act for fale of the lands late 6f Charles Dale of the county of Rutland, cfquire, deceafed, for payment of his debts, and provifion tor his daughters and coheirs.

Anno 32 Caroli II.

Cap. 1. An additional aft for burying in woolen.

Cap. 2. For prohibiting the importation of cattle from Ireland.

Private Alts.

Anno 32 Caroli II.

An act for reftifying feveral errors and miftakes in the marriage fettle-ment of Sir Charles Houghton, baronet.

Anno i Jacobi II.

Cap. 1. For fettling the revenue on his Majesty for his life, whidh was fettled on his late Majesty for his life.

(Jap. 2. To attaint James duke of Monmouth of high treafon.

Cap. 3. For granting his Majesty an impofition upon ail wines and vinegar, imported between the four twentieth day of Jwie^ one

: STATUTE'S.

thoufand fix hundred eighty five* and the four and twentieth day of of June, one thoufand fix hundred ninety and three.

Cap. 4. For grafting to his Majesty an impofition upon all tobacco ana fugar imported -between the four arid (twentieth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred eighty five, and the four and twentieth day of June, one thouiand fix hundred ninety three.

Cap. 5. For granting an aid to his Majesty by an impofition on all linens, and ail Eajl India linen, and feveral other manufactures of India, and on all French wrought filks and fluffs, and on all other wrought filks, and on all brandies, imported after the first day of July, one thoufand fix hundred eighty five, and before the first day of July, one thoufand fix hundred and ninety, for the King’s extraordinary occafions.

Cap. 6. For repealing certain claufes in an act of parliament made in the nine and twentieth and thirtieth years of the reign of his late Maje-fty, for prohibiting French commodities

Cap. 7. For reviving and continuing two former afts for encouragement of coinage.

Cap.fi. Againft the Importation of gunpowder, arms, and ether ammunition, and utenfils of war.

Cap. 9. To enable his Majesty to make grants, leafes, and copies of offices, lands and hereditaments, parcel of his Highpefs’s duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, and for confirmation of leafes apd grants already made.

Cap. 10. For the providing neceflary carriages for his Majesty in his royal progrefs and removals.

Cap. 11. For reviving an aft for providing of carriages by land and by water, for the use ot fiissMajeftyas navy and ordnance.

$  Cap.  i2«

igitized by   M

A TABLE 6f the STATUTES.

Cap. 12. For confolidating the eftates tail and reverfion in fee, which his Majesty hath in the poft office, and twenty four thoufand pounds per annum of the hereditary excife-

Cap. 13. For reviving a former alt tor exporting of leather.

Cap. 14. For continuance of three former alts for preventing of theft and rapine upon the northern borders or England.

Cap. 15. For rebuilding* finifhing, and adorning of the cathedral church of St. Pauly London.

Cap. 16. For clearing, preferring, maintaining, and repairing the haven and; piers of Great Yarmouth.

Cap. 17. For reviving and continuance of feveral alts of parliament therein mentioned.

Cap. 18. To encourage the building of (hips in England.

Cap. 19. An additional alt for improvement of tillage.

Cap. 20. To enable the inhabitants of the pari(h of St. Anne within the liberty of Wejlminfter, to raife money to build a church to be the pa-rirfi church there.

Cap. 21. For repealing a claufe for dividing of commons in an alt of parliament made in the fifteenth year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for fettling the draining of the great level of the fens called Bedford Level.

Cap. 22. For erelting a new pariih, to be called the parifh of St.JamtSy within the liberty of Wejltrdnjler.

Private APIs.

1.  An alt to enable fames lord Butler of Moor Parky and earl of OJfory in the kingdom of Irelandy to make a jointure to fuch woman as he (hall marry.

2.  An alt for the naturalization of John EJfelbrony Otto Geetsy David Beccelery. and others*

31 An alt for rebuilding the earl of Powis’s house in Lincolns Inn Fields lately demolifhed by fire.

4.  An alt for the conveyance of frefh water through feveral grounds unto the city of Rochefter.

5.  An for naturalizing Magdalene Pellazarjy and others.

6.  An alt for the naturalizing of James Dufraity Theodore JanJftny and others.

7.  An alt to enable Edward MelUry efq ; to fell lands for payment of debts.

8.  An alt for the repair of the cathedral church of Bangor, and for the maintenance of the choir there; and for the augmentation of the revenue of the biflioprick of Ban• gory and for an augmentation of fe-vcral vicarages within the compor-tions of Landinum in the diocefe of Bangor aforefaid.

End of the TABLE. •

r

 L.ooQle

THE

i

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni CAROLI II. Regis  ,

Scotia, Francia & Hi, decimO tertio.

At the parliament begun and holden at  *

minfier the eighth day of Ma Anno Dom. oile thoufand fix hundred and fixty-one, in the thirteenth year of the reign of our moft gracious fovereign lord Charles.the Second, by the grace of God, of  England, ScotlandFrance and Ire-

land, King, defender of the faith, &c. And there continued until Fuejday the thirtieth of July one thoufand fix hundred fixty-one : and from that day the said parliament was adjourned unto the twentieth of November then next following: to the high pleafure of Almighty God, and to the weal publick of this realm, were enabled as folioweth.

CAP. I.

An act for fafety and prefervation of his Majesty's person and government againjl treafonable and feditious praftices and attempts.

TH E lords and commons affembled in parliament deeply weigh The ground* ing and confidentg the miferies and calamities of well nigh an^ twenty years, before your Majejiies happy return, and withal, rr-^”Uo tiu* felling upon the caufes and  occaftons of fo great and deplorable

fufions, do in all humility and thankfulnefs acknowledge your -  '

jejHes incomparable grace and goodnefs to your people, in your free and general pardon, indempnity and oblivion, by which your Majejly hath been pleafed to deliver your fubjefls, not only from the  -

merit, but alfo from the reproach of their former mifcarriages, which unexampled piety and clemency ' of your Majefy hath enflamed the hearts of us your fitbjefis with an ardent defire to exprefs all pojfble xeal and duty in the care and prefervation of your Majefies perfon  '

Vol. VIII.  B  (in

Anno decimotertioCAROLi II. c.i. [1661.

(in whofe honour and happinefs confifts the good and welfare of pour people) and in preventing (as much as may be) all treafenable and Seditious feditious practices and attempts for the time to come : (?) and be* fermons, caujt the growth and imreafe of the Utti troubles and dubrden, did pamphlets and ^ a  grMt mMfurt proceed from a multitude offeditious fetmofis,

pccc c‘* pamphlets and Tpeeches, daily preached, printed and publijbed, with a tranfcendent boldnefs, defaming the person and government of your Majesty and your royal father, Wherein men were too much encouraged, and (above all) from a wilful miftake of the fupream and lawful authority, wh'ilft men were forward to cry up and maintain those orders and ordinances, oaths and covenants, to be ails legal and war* rentable, which in themfehes had not the leaf colour of law orjuftice to fupport them \ from which hind of dijtempers, as the prefent age is not wholly freed, fo pojlerity may be apt to relapfe into them* if a timely remedy be not provided: (3) we therefore the lords and com* mons in parliament affembled, having duly confidered the premiffes, and remembrittg that in the thirteenth year of the reign of fpneen ij Eliz. c. 1. Elizabeth of ever bleffrd memory, a right good and profitable law was made for prefcrvation of her Majefties perfon, do mojl humbly What (hall befeech your mojl excellent Majesty, that it may be enabled, (4) and be adjudged  ena#ed by the Kings moft excellent majefty, by and with

the^ife ofthcP the advice and confent of the lords and commons in this prefent King.  parliament  aflembled,  and  by authority of the^fame, That if

any person or persons whatfoever, after the four and twentieth day of June, in the year of our Lord, one thoufand fix hundred fixty add one, during the natural life of our mod gracious fovereign lord the King, (whom Almighty God preserve and blefs with a long and profperous reign) (hall within the realm, or without, compafs, imagine, invent, devife, or intend death or definition, or any bodily harm tending to death or definition, maim or wounding, imprifonment or re-ftraint of the person of the fame our fovereign lord the King,

(5)  or to deprive or depofe him from theftile, honour, or kingly name of the imperial crown of this realm, or of any other of his Majefties dominions or countries* (6) or to levy war against his Majesty within this realm, or without, (7) or to move, or ftir any foreigner or ftrangers with force to invade this realm, or any other his Majefties dominions or countries, being under his Majefties obeifance: (8) and fuch compaffings, imagifca-BetagdtcTared tions, inventions, devices or intentions, or any ot them, (hall and proved by exprefs, utter or declare, by any printing, writing, preaching, two witness. ^ j^alicious and advifed fpeaking, being legally convi&ed thereof upon the oaths of two lawful and credible witnefles, Convitted by upon trial, or otherwife conv?<fted or attainted by due courfc of due courfc of |aw> then every fuch person and persons fo as aforefaid, offend-w#  ing, (haH be deemed, declared and adjudged to be traitors and

(hall fuffer pains of death, and alfo lofe and forfeit ad in cafes of high treafon.

Offences (du-  II. And be it further ena<5ted by the authority afore&id,

r%h» Ma* That if any person or persons at any time after the four and which difable twentieth day of June, in the year of our Lord, one thoufand

fix

-

Ahno ctecimo tertio CaRoli II. c.t.  3

fix hundred fixty and ortfe, during his Mdjefties life, (hall ma- persons to licioufly and advifedly publilh or affirm the King to be an he-retick or a papift, or that he endeavours to introduce popety, (2)0 or (ball maiicioufly and advifedly* by writing, printing, preaching, or other fpeaking* exprefs, «publi(h, utter or declare any Words, fentences, or other thing or things, to incite or ftir up the people to hatred or diflike of the person of his Majesty*, or the eftablifhed government, (3) then every fuch person and per-fons, being thereof legally convuSted, fhall be difabled to have Or enjoy, and is hereby difabled and made incapable of having, holding* enjoying, or exercifing any place, office, or promotion ecclcliaftical, civil or militant, Or any other imployment in church or ftate, other than that of his peerage, and (hall peerage, likewife be liable to fuch further aild other punishments as by the common laws or ftatutes of this realm may be inflicted in fuch cafes : (4) and to the end that no man hereafter may be 16 Cam. c. 7. milled into any feditious or unquiet demeanor, out or anTheparlia-opinion that the parliament begun and held at IVeJlminJlermt**£^* upon the third day of November, in the year of our Lord, one *6°0 °ot* in thoufand fix hunared and forty, is yet in being, which is un- being, doubtedly diflblved and determined, and fo is hereby declared 1* Car. a. c. 11. and adjudged to be fully diflblved and determined j (5) or out of an opinion that there lies any obligation upon him from any oath covenant' or engagement whatfoever, to endeavour a change of government, either in church or ftate ; (6) or out No legiflative of an opinion, that both hotifes of parliament, or either of them, have a legiflativ'e power without the King, (7) all which payment* aflertions have been feditioufly maintained in fome pamphlets without the lately printed, and are daily promoted by the a&ive enemies of King, our peace and happinefs:

III.  Be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any person or persons at any time after the four and twentieth day of June, in the year of our Lord, one thoufand fix hundred fixty and one, (hall maiicioufly and advifedly, by writing, printing,! preaching, or other fpeaking, exprefs, publifli, utter, declare or affirm. That the parliament begun at Wejlminjler upon the third day of November, in the year of our Lord, one thotifand fix hundred and forty, is not yet diflblved, or is not determined, or that it ought to be in being, or hath yet any continuance or exifteftce, (2) or that there lies any obligation upon him, or any other perfon, from any oath, covenant or engagement whatfoever, to endeavour a change of government, either in church or ftate, (3) or that both houfes of parliament or either house of parliament, have, or hath a legiflative power without the King, or any other words to the fame effect;

(4)  that then every fuch person and persons fo as aforefaid offending, (hall incur the danger and penalty of a premunire men- Premunire. tioned in a statute made in the fixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second: (5) and it is hereby alfo declared.

That the oath ufually called the Solemn League and Covenant> was

in itfelf an unlawful oath, and imputed upon the fuhjects of this Thc fo|cmil *

B 2  realm  *nU

 v^.ooQle

covenant unlawful and illegally im-pofed.

Certain orders and ordi«

made use of according to the act of indemnity, is Car. a.

Anno decimo tcrtio Caroli II. c. i. [r66i.

realm against the fundamental laws and liberties of this kingdom, (6) and that all orders and ordinances, or pretended orders and ordinances, of both or either houfes of parliament, for impofing of oaths, covenants or engagements, levying of taxes, or railing of forces and arms, to which the royal affent, either ore^her ***** *n P^011 or by commilfiori, was not ex prefly had or given, houfes of par- were in the first creation and making, and (till are, and fo (hall liameht de- be taken to be null and void to all intents and purpofes what-claredvoid. foever. (7) Provided neverthelefs. That all and every person Sd'order*0 an^ Per^ons> bodies politick and corporate, who have been, &c. may be or at any t*me hereafter be queftioned for any thing afted " " or done by colour of any the orders or ordinances herein before mentioned and declared to be null and void, and are indempnified by an aft: intituled. An act of free and general pardon, indempmty and oblivion, made in the twelfth year of his Majefties reign that now is, or (hall be indempnified by any aft of parliament, (hall and may make fuch use of the said orders and ordinances for their indempnity according to the true intent and meaning of the said aft, and no other, as he or they might have done if this aft had not been made; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.  Provided always. That no person be profecuted for any of the offences in this aft mentioned (other than fuch as are made and declared to be high treafon) unlefs it be by order of the Kings majefty his heirs of fucceflors, under his or their fign manual or by order of the council table of jus Majesty, his ordenVom liis ^irs anc* fUC(*flor8, directed unto the attorney general for the Majesty ! time being, or feme other of the council learned to his Majesty, And within his heirs and fucceflors, for the time being; nor (hall any per-fix months af- f0n or persons by virtue of this prefent aft incur any the penal-commiuednCe **es herein before mentioned, unlefs he or they be profecuted within fix months next after the offence committed, and in-difted thereupon within three months after fuch profecutioiii any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding. Treafons and V. Provided always, and be it enafted. That no person or offences within persons (hall be indifted, arraigned, condemned, convifted or proved^b° two atta*ntec* f°r anY tbe treafons or offences aforefaid, unlefs the witneffes^w** fame offender or offenders be thereof accufed by the teftimony <vou.  and depofition of two lawful and credible witneffes upon oath,

(5)  wfoch witnefles at the time of the said offender or offenders arraignment, (hall be brought in person before him or them face to face, and (hall openly avow and maintain upon oath, what they have to (ay against him or them concerning the treafon or offences contained in the said indiftment, unlefs the party or parties arraigned (hall willingly without violence confefs the fame.

VI. Provided likewife, and be it enafted. That this aft, or any thing therein contained, (hall not extend to deprive either of the houfes of parliament, or any of their members, of their juft ancient freedom and privilege ot debating any matters of bufinefs which (hall be propounded and debated in either of the said houfes, or at any conferences or committees of both or either

of

No person to be profecuted for any offences in this aft (other than treafon) un

Provifo for the privilege of debates in parliament, tor repeal or alteration of laws, orre-

i66i.] Anno decimo tcrtio Caroli II. c.2.  5

of the said houfes of parliament, or touching the repeal or alte- drefling pub_ ration of any old, or preparing any new laws, or the redrefling1,ck 8ne-any publick grievance j but that the said members of either ofvancf*« the said houles, and the afliftance of the house of peers, and every of them, (hall have the fame freedom of fpeech, and all other privileges whatfoever, as they had before the making of this ad; any thing in this to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it ordained and enabled. That Provifo for no peer of this realm (hall be tried for any offence against this peerage and adt, but by his peers ; (2) and further, That every peer whoP^”*

(hall be convidted of any offence against this adt, after fuch convidtion, be difabled during his life to fit in parliament, unlefs his Majesty (hall gracioully be pleafed to pardon him:

(3)  and if his Majesty (hall grant his pardon to any peer of this realm, or commoner convicted of any offence against this adt, after fuch pardon granted, the peer or commoner fo pardoned,

(hall be reftored to all intents and purpofes, as if he had never been convidted ; any thing in this law to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. II.

An act for repeal of an act of parliament, intituled, An act for difenabling all persons in holy orders to exercise any temporal jurifdiftion or authority.

WHEREAS at the parliament begun at Weftminfter /^i6Car.i.c.*f.

third day of November in the fifteenth year of the reign of our latefovereign lord King Charles of bkjfed memory^ fnce deceafed> an act of parliament was made, intituled\ An act for difenabling all persons in holy orders to exercise any temporal jurifdidtion or authority ; (2) which aft hath made feveral alterations prejudicial to the conflitution and antient rights of parliament, and contrary to the laws of this land, and is by experience found otherwife inconvenient ; (3) be it cnadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the said adt, intituled, An act for difenabling all persons in holy orders to exercise any temporal jurifdiftion or authority,

?nd every claufe, matter and thing therein contained* (hall be and is hereby from henceforth repealed, annulled and made void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

CAP. III.

An act for the declaring, vetting and fettling of all fuch monies, goods and 12Car.i.c.if. other things, in hit Majesty, which were received, levied or colledted in thefe late times, and'are remaining in the hands or potteflion of any treafurers, receivers, colledtors or others, not pardoned by the adt of oblivion. Goods and monies levied fince the thirtieth of January 16*2, and not pardoned, are vetted in his Majesty. The revenues of the churches in Wales to be accounted fo**. Com millions for difeovery.

Perfons accountable enabled to fue for and levy all arrears. Provifo, none to he queftioned but upon fome profecution begun before the EXP, twenty fourth of June 16 Si.  *

P 3  CAP,

8  .AnnodftcitffO ttrrio CaroliIL €.7.  [^Si-

lieutenancy all arid every person 'and persons who have or (hall have afted, indemnified, or d0nC any thing in execution of any commiflion or commif-fions of lieutenancy, ilfued by the Kings majefty that now is, or by colour of them, or any of them, or touching or concerning the fame, or any of them, or relating thereunto, (hall be and are hereby faved harmlefs and indempnified in this behalf:

(3)  and aHb all magiftrates, juftices of the peace, officers and minifters ofjuftice, and all persons that have or (hall have afted by or under them, or by their or any of their commands, fince the said twenty fourth day of one thoufand fix hundred and fixty, until the twentieth day of Julyy one thoufand fix hundred fixty and one, as to any aflaulting, arrefting, detaining or im-pritoning any person (ufpefted to be fanatick,1 feftary ordM*-turber of the peace, or feizing of arms, or feanching of houfes for arms, or for fufpefted perfons, (hall be, and are hereby faved harmlefs, and indempnified in that behalf.

Pj-ovifq.  IV, Provided, That neither this aft, nor any thing therein

contained, (hall after the five and twentieth of March next, be prejudicial to any county, city or place within this kingdom, which are overcharged with men and arms beyond their ancient proportion.

V.  Provided, That neither this aft, nor any matter or thing therein contained, (hall be deemed, construed or taken to extend to the giving or declaring of any power for the tranfporting of any the fubjefts of this realm, or any way compelling them to march out of this kingdom otherwife than by the laws of England ought to be done.

No person VI. Provided, That no person whatfoever (hall be capable may be iieute- cf afting as a lieutenant, or deputy lieutenant, or other officer p^-Ueute- or  by virtue of this aft, who hath not already taken the

Smt, that oaths of allegiance and fupremacy, fince the return of his Ma-hath not taken jefty into England, until he (hall take the fame according to the the oaths of fews and ftatut$s Qf this kingdom : which oaths the lords of his P”VY POUI?cii, or any fix of them, are hereby impowered to 13 & 14 Car. 2. adminifter to any peer of this realm* who (hall be commiflion-c. 3, 8. ated by virtue of* this aft; and the deputy lieutenants, or any j5^Car.^i.c. 4. two or them* m thqir refpeftive counties, to any commoner.

I 1 r1'  GAP. VII.

An a£l for confirming publick a5ls.

WHEREAS during the late difficulties and exigencies of affairs in the abfence of his moft excellent Majesty) and in reference to his return from beyond the seas into thefe his Majesty* s dominions, the lords and commons being affembled at Weftminfter the five and twentieth day of April it} the twelfth year of his Majejly s reign, were from thence, and after his Majejly s return, continued until the nine and twentieth day of December then next following and now lafi pall) and then dijfolved by his Majesty : in which time feveral a Els ivere paffed by his Majejly, by and with the advice and confent of the said lords and commons affembled as afarefaid) which being of . .  ncccffary ufe9 are fit to be continued and confirmed, although the man-

,  ner

t66u] Anno decbno tcrtio Caroli U. c.y.  9

ner of the fat’d affembling, enforced by the difficulties and exigencies aforefaid, which then lay upon the nation, is not to be drawn into example; (2) be it therefore cnaded by the King’s moft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and Angular the ads made, or mentioned to be made, by his said Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords and commons, upon or fince the the said five and twentieth day of April herein after particularly ntendoned and expreffed; That is to fay, (3) one*ad, intituled, Pardon.

An act of free and general pardon, indemnity and oblivion : (4) one rxCar.a.c.u. ad, intituled, A fubfiC  '  ‘  "  ^

other

JSdy granted to the King of tonnage and and other fums of money payable upon merchandize ex11  *'2’

c- 4*

ported andimported: (5) one other ad, intituled, An act for con- Excife. turning the excife until the twentieth of Auguft one thoufandfix hurt- n Car. *. c. 5. dred andfixty: ( 6) one other ad, intituled, An act for continuing Excife. the excife till toe five and twentieth day of December one thoufand 11 Car*a,c’ *■ fix hundred and fixty: (7) one other ad, intituled. An act for *8, ^ c the fpeedy provifton of money, for difbaniing and paying off the forces pr0Cffs’.a' ’ of this kingdom both by land and fea: (8) one other ad, intituled, iiGar.i.c.is* An act for confirmation of judicial proceedings: (9) one other ad. Army, intituled. An act for the fpeedy difbanding of the army and garrifons j»Car.a.c.i 5. of this kingdom : (10) one other ad, intituled, An act for the jYcar.’i.c.io, applying and explaining certain defefts in an aft, intituled, An ad for the fpeedy provifion of money for difbanding and paying off the forces of this kingdom botn by land and fea : (11) one Merchants, other ad, intituled. An act to prevent frauds and concealments of 12Car.a.c.i9. his Majesty's cuftoms and fubftdies : (12) one other ad, intituled,.Taxes.

An act for rafting fevenftcore thoufand pounds for the compleat dif- x*Car.».c.ao. banding of the whole army, and paying off fome part of the navy :

(13) one other ad, intituled, A grant of certain impofitions upon Taxes. beer, ale and other liquors, for the incredfe of his Majesty's revenue lzCar,t,C91^ during his life : (14) one other ad, intituled. An act for taking Court of away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite, and war,ds» &c* by knight s-fervice, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his IlCar-a-c-24-Majefty in lieu thereof: (15) one other ad, intituled. An act for Wines. the better ordering the felling of wines by retail, and for preventing i*Car.».c.*5. abufes in the mingling, corrupting, and vitiating of wines, and for. fettling and limiting the prices of the fame : (16) one other ad, intituled, An act for the levying of the arrears of the twelve month) Taxes. offejfment, commencing the four and twentieth day of June one thou- uCar.i.'c 16. fandfix hundred fifty and nine ; and the fix months ajfijfmcnt, commencing the five and twentieth of December one thoujand fix hundred fifty and nine: (17) one other ad, intituled, An act for Taxes. granting unto the King's majefty four hundred and twenty thoujand 1aCar.2-c.17. pounds, by an affeffment of ihreefcorc and ten thoufand pounds by the month, for fix months, for difoanding the remainder of the army, end paying off the navy: (18) one other ad, intituled, An act for Taxes. the further Jupplying and explaining certain defefts in an aft, intituled', «xCar.-2.c28, An ad for the fpeedy provifion of money for difbanding and paying off the forces of this kingdom both by land and fea : (19)

0119

IO

Taxes.

>iCar.a.c.29.

Treafon.

ixCar.i.c.jo.

Poft-office. jaCar.a.c*35.

Taxes.

izCar.a.c.i*

Stat. lx Gar.

Clerk or chief officer of his Majesty's carriages by warrant from

Anno decimo tcrtio Carol i II. c.t.  [i66r.

one other aft, intituled. An act for tie raifing of feventy thoufimd pounds for the further fapply of his Majesty: (20) one other aft, intituled. An act for the attainder of Jeveral persons guilty of the horrid murder of bis late faired Majesty King Charles the Firfi .‘(21) one other aft, intituled. An act for ere fting and ejleblijbing ape ft* iff ce: (22) one other aft, intituled, An act for putting in execu* tionan ordinance mentioned in this aft: (23) and all and every the daufes, fentences and articles in them and every of them con* tained, lhall be and hereby are ratified and confirmed, and enafted and declared to have the full force and ftrength of acts of parliament, according to the teiyar and purport thereof, and fo (hall be adjudged, deemed and taken to all intents and pur-ppfea whatfoever, and as if the fame had been made, declared and enafted by authority of this prefent parliament.

CAP. VIII.

An alt for providing necejfary carriages for bis Majesty in bis royal progrefs and removals.

TX7HE REAS by an act of parliament in the twelfth year of VV bis Majejiies reign, intituled, An act for taking away tho eotjrt of wards and liveries, and tenures in Capite and by knights-ftrvice, and purveyance^ and for fettling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, tt was (amongfl ether things) enaftedfor fhe reafins and recompense therein exprejfed, That from thenceforth no person or perfonsby any warranty cmmifjfton or authority under the great Jeal or otberwifi, by colour of buyings or making pro*

fan or purveyance for his Majesty, or any Queen of England, the time being, or of any the children of any King, or Queen of eland, that JhaU be, or for bis, their, or any of their hosfixdd, JbaU take any cart, carriage or other thing whatfoever of any of the Jitbjefts of bis Majefy, his, heirs or fucceffors, without the free and fyU confent of the owner or owners thereof bad, and obtained with * oft menace or enforcement, (2) nor JbaU fummony warn, take* uft Or require apy the said fubjefts to furnijh or find any horfesy oxen or Other cattle* carts, ploughs, warns or other carriages, for the ufo of his Majefiyy bis heirs or fucceffors, or of any Queen England, or of any child or children of any of the Kings or Queens of England for the time beings for the carrying the goods of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, or the said Queens, or children of any of them, without fitch full and free confent, as afore faid, any law,Jlatute, cufiom or ufage to the contrary notwithflanding > (3) which aft may prove very prejudicial and inconvenient to the Kings majefty in his royal progrejfes upon his necejfary ucafions to feveral parts of this realm, in cafe any person or persons JbaU obfiinate/y refufe voluntarily to provide jufficient carriages for royal ftrvice at ordinary and ufual rates for fuch carriages, as are paid by others of his fubjefts in fucb places, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said aft.

II.  Be it therefore enafted by the Kings mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, That the clerk, or chief officer of his Majefties carriages, (hall three days at

lea|i

j66i.] Anno decimo tertfp  II. c.8;  i1

lead before bis Msyefties arrival, by warrant from tfre gjrcen- the green-cloth, give notice in writing to twq or more of his Majefties t° P1^' juftices of the peace next adjqiqing, to provide fuch a number qf JJc.eforfe carts and carriages from the places next adjacent, as his H4a- Majelty's ufe. jelly (hall have prefent use of, exprefling the certainty qf that number, as alfo the time and place, when and where the (aid carts and carriages are to attend; vyfrich carriages fhajl confift of four able frorfes, or fi* o*«p,. qt fqur oxen apd two horfes; for each of which evt or carriage, the refpedjve owners (ball receive fix penes- for each pile they (hall go laden: (2) aqd that in cafe ?ny of his Msyeftie* fubjeds Penalty for of this realm (hall refufe to provide and furniffi his Majesty r«fu(mg to v that now is, or his Queen that (hall be, or his or her frpui-hold, in* their progrefr or removals, with fuch fufficient and neceflarv carriages for their wardrobe and other neceflaries, for ready monies tendered to them; or (hall without juft and reafqnable caufe refufe to make their appearance with fuch fufr fiejent carts and carriages, as are before exprefled » that then upon due proof and cqnvidion of fuch negledl and fefufal, by the qath ot the conftafrle or other officer, or two other credible wjtneffes, before the said juftices of the peace of the county, or mayor, or other chief officer of the city or corporation where he or they inhabit, (which oath they ffiaH have power tq ad-minifter) the party fo refilling, lhajl for fuch ffi$ refufaj and neglecft forfeit the fum of forty (hillings to the King? iqaicfties ufe, to be forthwith levied by diftrefr aqd fale of his good? and chattels (rendering to the parties the qverplqs upon evqiy fuch lale, if there (hall be any) by warrant from the said jufticea of the peace, mayor or qtfrer chief officer.

flL Provided always. That no horfes oxen, cart, or wain» No horfcs« (hall be enforced to travel afrove onf days journey from the carriages to placp where they received their lading, wd tM ready p«iy- d*y> journey, ment (frail be made in hand for tfre said carriages at the place nor without of lading, without delay, according to the afqrcfajd rates : (2) and P*y °f ready in cafe any juftice of the peace, mayor, chief officer qr copftable, moncy*

(hall take any gift or reward tq (pare any person or perfon? from making fuch carriage, or (ha)l iqjurioufly charge qr gneye any person through envy, hatred, or pvil will, who ought not to make fuch carriage, or (frail imprefs more carriages than he (hall be dire<fted from the green-cloth to do. That then upon due proof and convi&ion thereof, the party fo qftending (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds to the party thereby grieved, or any other who (frail fue for the fame, to be recovered by action of debt in any of his Majefties courts of record ; wherein no efloin, protection or wager of law (hall be allQwcd : (3) and in cafe any person or pefions (frail prpfume tq take upon Penalty for him or them to imprefs any hqrfes, pxen* cart, wain or car- wrongful riages for his Majefties fervjce, other than the person fo im-  an7

powered, then he or they fo offending, fhall upon que con- p -vi&ion of tfre said offeqce, incur aqd fuffer the puniftiment contained in the first recited ad.

.............‘  *  ly. And

 LjOOQie

12

Rates for horfe-rtieat and diet for his Majesty's fervants.

Rates and pri-ces to be fet down by two juftices of the peace.

Penalty for taking more than limited for lodging, &c.

Articles to be obferved.

Anno decimo tcrtlo CaROLI II. C.9.  [i66>r.

IV". And whereas of late in his Majefties progrefles, exceflive rates and prices have been exacted from his Majefties fervants for lodging, horfe-meat, ftable-room and other accommodations:

(2)  be it therefore ena<fted by the authority aforefaid. That none of his Majefties said fervants fhall be compelled to pav above one (hilling by the night for every bed that they (halt use for themfelves, nor above fix pence by the night for every bed that they (hall use for their fervants: (3) and that in all fuch houfes where anV of his Majefties said fervants (hall pay for their diet, or for nay anfT proVender for their horfes, convenient lodging (hall be provided for themfelves and their fervants, without paying any thing for the fame.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That any two or more of the juftices of the peace near adjoining to the road through which his Majesty is to pafs, (hall immediately after notice in writing from the said green-cloth, and ave-nor, under their hands and feals fet down and appoint fuch rea-fonable rates and prices to be paid during his Majefties abode there, both for hay and oats, and other accommodations for horfes, as they in their diferetion (hall think meet; which rates, one day at the lead before his Majefties coming to fuch place, the said juftices (hall caufe to be proclaimed in the market town next to fuch place, and in fuch of the neighbouring towns and villages as to them (hall feem meet, to the end that notice maybe taken of fuch rates and prices: (2) and if any person (hall take any other fum than what is, or (hall be fo limited, cither for lodging, horfe-meat, ftable-room, or other fuch accommodations, and be thereof convi&ed by confeflion of the party, or by the oath of one credible witnefs, before any one juftice of the peace, (which oath the said juftice of the peace is hereby authorized to adminifter) that then in fuch cafe every person fo offending, (hall forfeit and pay to the party grieved, the fum of forty (hillings $ the fame to be levied by diftrefs by warrant from the said juftice of the peace, and file thereof, returning the overplus to the party (the charge of the diftraining being first dedu&edi)

(3)  this a<ft to have continuance till the end of the first feffion of the next parliament, and no longer.

CAP. IX.

An all for the ejtablifhing articles and orders for the regulating and better government of bis Majejlies navies, jbips of war, and forces by fea.

FOR the regulating and better government of his MajeJHes navies, Jhips of war and forces byfea, wherein under the good providence and protection of God, the wealth, fafety and frength of this kingdom is fo much concerned, (2) be it ena&ed by the Kings mod excellent Majesty, with the advice and confent of the lords and commons in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority thereof, That all and every the articles and orders in this a<ft mentioned, (hall be duly and refpe&ively put in execution, pbferyed and obeyed it} manner hereafter mentioned.

(3) Tj»t

1661.J Anno dccimo tcrtio Caroli II. c.9.

*3

(3) /T'HAT all commanders, captains and officers at fea,The publick X (hall caufe the publick worfhip of Almighty God ac-cording to the liturgy of the church of England, eftablilhed by law, to be folemnly, orderly and reverently performed in their refpe&ive (hips : and that prayers and preachings by the refpec-tive chaplains in holy orders, of the refpedtive (hips, be performed diligently j and that the Lords day be obferved according to law.

II.

Every person and persons in his Majeftfos pay, ufing; unlaw- Swearing, fill and ra(h oaths, curlings, execrations, drunkennefs, unclean- dninkennefs, nefs, or other fcandalous a&ions, in derogation vf Gods ho-^0, nour, and corruption of good manners, (hall be punilhed by fine, imprifonment or otherwife, as the court-martial (hall thinx fit.

III.

If any officer, mariner, foldier or other person in the fleet, Holding any (hall give, hold or entertain intelligence, to, or with any King, foreign intel-Prince or date, being enemy to, or any persons in rebellion a- fig®116*-gainft his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, without dirc&ion or Jeave from the Kings majefty, the lord high admiraj, vice-admiral, or commander in chief of any fquadron, every fucli perfoi) or persons fo offending, (hall be punilhed with death.

IV.  /

If any letter or meflage from any King, foreign Prince, (late Letters or or potentate, being an enemy to the Kings Majesty, his heirs meflages from and fucceflors, or on their behalf, be conveyed to any inferior officer, mariner or foldier, or other in the fleet, and the iaict enemy*to^he officer, mariner, foldier, or other as aforefaid, do not within King, twelve hours (having opportunity fo to do) acquaint the fupe-rior commander with it; or if a fuperior officer, or mariner, be- 1 .. ing acquainted therewith by an inferior officer, mariner or other, or himlelf in his own perfon, receiving a letter or meflage from iny fuch enemy or rebel, and fhall not in convenient time repeal the fame to the admiral, vice-admiral, or the commander )f the fquadron, every fuch person (hall be punilhed with death,

>r fuch other punilhment as the court-martial (hall think fit.

V.

No person or persons of the fleet (hall relieve an enemy or re- Relieving of )el in time of war, with money, vi&uals, powder, (hot, arms, anT eaemy. unmunition, or any other fupplies whatfoever, directly or in-liredlly, upon pain of death, or fuch other punilhment as the ourt-martial (hall think fit to impofe.

VI.

All the papers, charter-parties, bills of lading, paflports, and Papers, ebar-ther writings whatfoever, that fhall be taken, feifed or found ter-parties&c. board any (flip or (hips which lhall be furprized or feized as^c?inJ5ny rize, fhall be duly preferved, and not tom, nor made away, £c,zed M ut the very originals fern up intirely, and without fraud, to the p ourt of admiralty, or fuch other commiffioners as (hall be appointed

Ahno dfecimo tertio Caroli IL C.9.  [1661,

pointed f&frfhat plirpbfe, there to be viewed* made use of, and ptoieedW tipbh according tb l*w* upon pain dr lofs of all tbe (hafeiiof the takets* Arid fuch Furthef punilhntent to be infl&id Upoh th^ &ffehdets thereto* is the quality of their ofFertos ing ihifitetheiho? {bMl be found to deferve, and the couft-maftia] fhdl htipdlfci

vii.

Prize, Ships or None in his Majedies pay (hall take out of any prize, or (hip* goods ieized or goods feized on for prize, anV money, plate, goods, lading or For prize* tickle, befott judgment thereof flrft pad in the admiralty court, ' but thd full ihd fntire accompt of the whole* without imbezil-riifcnt, (hill be brought in* and judgment pad intirely upon thd vfhble* withbut fraud*, upoii pain of fuch punifhment as (hall be itttpofed by a court-martial, or the court of admiralty ; except-ing'that it (hall be lawful for all captains, fea-men, (oldiers atnd others, ferving as aforefaid, to take and to have to themfelves as pillage, without further or other afccortipt tb be given for the fame, ill fuch goods and merchandizes (other then arms, ammunition, tackle, furniture or ftorei of ftich (hip) as fhaH be foirfid by thertl, or any of them in any (hip they (hall take in fight or prize) upon or above the gun-deck of the said (hip* and hot otherwife.

vm.

Imbezelling None (hall imbezel, deal or take away any cables, anchors, any cable*, - fail^9 or any of the (hips furniture, or any the powder, or arms mdnon, Sec. or ammunition of the (hip, upon pain of death or other pumfh-ment as the quality of the offence (hall be found by a court-martial to deferve.

IX.

Foreign (Tups  jf any foreign (hip or veflel (hall be taken as prize, that (hall

n^Cma1dngZe not or make refidance, that in that cafe, none of the cap-refinance,8 tains* maders or mariners being foreigners, (hall be dripped of their clothes, or in any fort pillaged, beaten or evil intreated, upon pain, that the person or persons fo offending, (hall forfeit double damaged ; but the said foreign (hips, and all the goods fo taken, (hall bepreferved intire, to receive judgment in the admiralty court, according to right and judice.

X.

The doty of , Every captain or commander, who upon fignal or order of captains, &c. fight* or view, or fight of any (hips of the enemy, pirate or re-upon fignal of or livelihood of engagement, (hall not put all things in the • *  (hip in a fit podure for fight, and (hall not in his own perfon,

and according to his place, hearken and encourage the inferior officers and common men to fight couragioufly, and not to behave themfelves faintly, (hall be cafhiered* and if he or they Not to yield or (hall yield to the enemy, pirate or rebels, or cry for quarter, he cry for quar- or fogy fo <foing (Hall fuffer the pains of death, or fuch other pu-tcr'  nifhment as the offence (hall deferve.

XI.

Every captain* commander, and other officer, fea-man or 2  foldier

i66i.] Anno decimo tertio CAfcoii II. c.9.  15

oldier of any (hip, frigot or veflel of war, (hall duly obferve the All officers ommands of the admiral, or other his fuperior or commander ^commlndu »f any fquadron, as well for the availing dr fetting upoh any 0ftheadmiraU leet, fquadron, or (hips of the fcriertiy, pirate of rebels, orjoyn-ng battel with them, or making defence dgaintt them, as all ither the commands of the admiral, or other his fuperior coiin-oander, upon pain to fuffer death or other puni(hment, as the [uality of bis ncgkdt or offence (hall deferve.

XII.

Every captain, and all other officers, mariners and foldiers Officers that in f every lhip, frigot or veflel of war, that (hall in time of any withdraw ight or engagement* withdraw or keep back, or not come into ©/noTfigkt^ he fight and engage, and do his utmoft to take, fire, kill and ndamage the enemy, pirate, or rebels, and aflift and relieve all ind every of his Majefties fhips, (hall for fuch offence of cow-irdize or difaffedtion, be tryed and fufier pains of death, or >ther pui>i(hment, as the circumftance of the offence (hall de-me, and the court-martial (hall judge fit.

xm.

The captains, officers and fea-meh of all (hips, appointed Officers and For convoy and guard of merchant (hips, of any other, (hall di- cd^or^nvoy] ligently attend upon that charge, without delay, according to their duty. *' rheir inftrudtions in that behalf; and whofoever (hall be faulty therein, and (hall not faithfully perform the fame, and defend the (hips and goods in their convoy, withoiit either diverting to other parts or occa(ion9, or refufmg or negledting to fight in their defence, if they be fet upon or affailed, or running away cowardly, and fubtnitting thole in their convoy to hazard and peril, or (hall demand and exadfc any money or other reward from any* merchant or matter, for convoying of any fuch (hips or othei' veflels belonging to his Majefties fubjedts, (hall be condemned to make reparation of the damage to the merchants, owners and others, as the court of admiralty (hall adjudge, and alfo be pu- Penalty for nifhed criminally, according to the quality of tlieir offfences, be  °fm"

it by pains of death or other puniftiment, according as (hall be adjudged fit by the court-martial.

XIV.

Whatfoever person or perfons, in or belonging to the fleet, TKe  ..

cither through cowardize, negligence or difaffedhon, (hall for-bear to purfue the chafe of any enemy, or pirate of rebel beaten not relieving a or flying, or (hall not relieve or aflift a khown friend in view, to friend, the utmoft of his power, (hall be punifhed with death, of other-wife, as a court-martial (hall find fit.

XV.  '•

When at any time fervice or adtion (hall be commanded, no Service corn-

man (hall prefume to ftop orf put backward, or difeourage the raided (hall (aid fervice and adtion, by pretence of arrears of Wages, or upon <*. difoui*^ any pretence of wages whatfoever, upon pain of death.  .raged.

.XVI.

_  

i6

f Annpr djecimo tertio CARObi IL C.9.  [ 1661.

7." ,  .*•  1  .  XVI...

None fhall be- Tea-captains, officers and fea-men, that (hall betray their tray their tru(t, or tjurn to the pnemy, pirate or rebels, and either run a-troft.noryfcld vray with their ffiip or any ordnance, ammunition or provifion, to the enemy. ^ t^e weakening of the fervice, or yield the fame up to the enemy* pirate or rebels, (hall be punched with death.

XVII.

Deferring the All fea-captains, officers or mariners, that (hall defert the fervice, or fervices or their employment in the (hips, or (hall run away, or running away .^entice any other? fo to do, (hall be punifhed with death.

Spiesu^

XVIII.

All persons whatfoever that (hall come, or be found in the riature of fpies,. to bring any reducing letters or meflages from siriy enemy or rebel, or (hall attempt or endeavour to corrupt any captain, officer, mariner, or other of the navy or fleet, to betray his. or their truft, and yield up any (hip or ammunition, or turn to the enemy1 or rebel, (hall be pui\i(hed with death.

XIX.

Sedition, mu- No person in or belonging to the fleet, (hall utter any words tiny.  oof fedition or iputiny, nor make or ende.avour to make any mu-

tinous affembljes upon any pretence whatfoever, upon pain of 1  ,  death.

^  ;  - -  XX.

Concealers of r No peribn in or belonging to the fleet,* (hall conceal any trai-traiterous or tjerous or mutinous practices, defigns or words, or any wtords Lpoken by any, to the prejudice of his Majesty or government, or any *)(ords, practices or defigns tending to the hindrance of the fervice, but (hall fprthwith reveal them to his fuperior, that a meet proceeding piay be had thereupon, ^upon pain of fUch pu-nifliment as a court-mar (hal (hall And tq be juft.

mutinous practices or words.

XXL

Quarrelling or ltnking a iu-perior officer.

Unwholfom-ncis of victuals.

Quarrelling or

provoking

ipeeches.

. None (hall prefume to quarrel with his fuperior officer, upon pain of fevere punifhment, nor to ftrike any fucb person upon pain of death, 6r other wife, as a court-martial (hall find the matter to deferve.

XXII.

If any of the fleet find caufe of complaint of the unwholfom-nefs of his victuals, or upon other juft ground, he (hall quietly make the fame known to his fuperior or captain, or commander in chief, as the occafion may deferve, that fuch prefent remedy may be had as the matter mav require, and the said fuperior or commander is to caufe the (ame to be prefently remedied accordingly ; but no person upon any fuch or other pretence, (hall privately attempt to ftir up any difturbance, upon pain of fuch fevere punifhment as a court-martial (hall find meet to infliCl.

XXIII.

None (hall quarrel or fight in the (hip, or use reproachful or provoking fpeeehes tending to make any quarrel or difturbance,

upon

i66f.] Anfio decimo tertio cUrol! IT. d.g.'  17

Xnpajn of imprifonmtnt, and fuch other Duniftimertt as the nee (hall deferve, and the court-martial mall impofe.

XXIV.

That there be no wailful expence of ariy powder, (hot, am- Wafteful ex-munition, or other (lores in the fleet, nor any imbezlement pence of am* thereof, but that the (lores and provifions be carefully preferved, mumtl0n* upon fuch penalties by fine, imprifonment, or otherwife, upon the offenders, abettors, buyers and receivers, as (hall be by a court-martial found juft in that behalf;

XXV.

That care betaken in the conducting and (leering of the (hips, Care of coil-that through the wilfulnefs, negligence, or other defaults, none dudHng and of his Majesty's (hips be ftranded or run upon any rocks or fands, fteeriag (hips, or fplit, or hazarded, upon pain that fuch as (hall be found guilty therein be puni(hed by fine, imprifonment, or otherwife, as A the offence by a cqjirt-martial (hall be adjudged to deferve. J

XXVI.

All persons that (hall willingly burn or fet fire dn any (hip, Burning a or magazine, or (lore of powder* or (hip, boat, ketch, toy or *hip*

Veflel, or tackle or furniture thereto belonging* not appertaining to an enemy or rebel, (hall be puniftied with death.

XXVII.

No man in, or belonging to the fleet, (hall deep upon his Sleeping upon watch* at negligently perform the duty impofed on him, or for- watch, lake his ftation upon pain of death* or other punifhment, as the circumftances of the cafe (hall require.

XXVIII.

All imirders and wilful killing of any person in the (hip (hail Murders; • be puniftied with death;

XXIX.

All robbery and theft committed by any person in or belong- Robbery and ing to the fleet, (hall be puniftied with death, or otherwife, as theft, the court-martial upon confideration of circumftances (hall find meet.  •*

XXX.

Wo provoft-mhrtial belonging to the fleet, (hall reflife to re- Provoft-mar-ceive or keep any prisoner committed to his charge, nor fuffer prifoaers. him to efcape, being Once in his cuftody, iior dtfmifs him without order* upon pain of being liable to the fame punirtiment which (hould have been infli&ed upon the party difmifled, or permitted to efcape, or fuch other puniftimdjat as the court-martial (hall think fit.

XXXL  4k

All captains* officers* and fea-men, (hall do their endeavdurs Appt^hendJiL to detect, apprehend, and bring to puhiftiment all offenders, ing offender?^ and (hall affift the officers appointed for* that purpofe therein,  *

upon pain to be proceeded againft* and puniftied by the court-martial at difcretion«

Vot.VIII.  C  XXXII.

*8  Anno  decimo  tcrtio  Caroli  II,  c.g.  £1661.

I

XXXIIv

Sodomy*  If  any  perlon  Or  perfons  in  or  belonging to the fleet, (hall

commit the unnatural and deteftable fin of buggery or fodomy with man or bead, he (hall be punifhed with death without mercy.

XXXIII.

Mifdemea- All other faults, misdemeanors, and difordets committed at nor*, and dif- fea, not mentioned in this aft (hall be puni(hed according to the orders at fea. jaws and cuftoms in fuch cafes ufed at fea.

XXXIV,

The lord high  And it is hereby further enacted,That the lord high admiral for

admical'spow- the time being, (hall by virtue of this aft have full power and au-^miilwTto thority to &2nt com™ffions to inferior vice-admirals, or corneal! court- manders in chief of any (quadron of (hips, to call and aflemblt martial*. „ court-martials, confiding of commanders and captains; (2) and no court-martial where die pains of death (hall be inflicted, (hall confift of left than five captains at leaft, the admirals lieutenant to be as to this purpofe efteemed as a captain ; (3) and in no cafe wherein fentence of death (hall pafs by virtue of the articles aforefaid, or any of them (except in cafe of mutiny) there (hall be execution of fuch fentence of death, without the leave of the lord high admiral, if the offence be committed within the narrow feas: but in cafe any of the offences aforefaid be Committed in any voyage beyond the narrow feas, whereupon fentence of death (hall be given in purfuance of the aforefaid articles, or any of them ; then execution (hall not be done but by order cf the commander in chief of that fleet or fquadron wherein Sentence of death was palfed.

XXXV.

Judge-acWo. And be it further enafted and declared. That the iudge-advo-cate of any cate of any fleet, for the time being, (hall have full power and fleet to aami« authority to adminifter an oath to any person or witnefs in order for tri^ofbf- to examination or tryal of any of the offences aforefaid * and fences. in the abfence of a judge-advocate, the court-martial (hall have Court-mar- full power and authority to appoint any person to admini^er aa tjal.  oath to the purpole aforefaid.

XXXVI.

Provifotouch- Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the. authority a-ing. thepow- forefaid. That this aft, or any thing or things therein contak-ad^nil c<*» not *n any fnauner  extend  to give unto the

lord admiral of England for the time being, or to any his vice-admirals, judge or judges of the admiralty, his or their deputy or deputies, or to ^ny other the officers or minifters of the admiralty, or to any others having or claiming any admiral power, jurifdiftion or authority within this realm and  or  any

other the King’s dominions, any other power, right, jurifdic-tion, preeminence, or authority, then he of they or any of them, lawfully have, hath, or had, or Ought to have and enjoy before the making of this aft, other then for fuch of the offences Specified in the feveral articles contained in this aft, as hereafter

(hall

by

* Z% CitO. 2.

1.35.

x9

1661.] Anno decimo terdo Caroli II* c.io,iiJ

(hall be done upon the msun fea, or in (hips or veflels being and hovering in the main ftream of great rivers, only beneath the bridges of the fame river nigh to the fea, within the jurifdidion of the admiralty, and in no other blaces whatfoever, and committed only by fuch persons as (Hall be in actual fervice and pay in hisMajed/s fleet, or (hips of war.

CAP. X.

An ail to prevent the unlawful courfing, bunting or killing 6f

deer.

FO R the better preventing of the unlawful courting^ hurting^

taking or killing of deer, by many idle, loofe arid diforder- Unlawful ly perfons, (2) be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, and by the advice and confent of the lords and commons kl e51' in parliament allembled, ar>d by the authority of the fame. That if any person or persons (hall from and after the firftxday of Au-

Snext unlawfully courfe, kill, hurt or take away any red or

>w deer in any fored, cfiaje^ purlieu, paddock, wood, park 2 Mod. 114* or other ground where deer are or have been ufually kepf with- f Show* in the realm of England or dominion of ttfdtesy without the confent of the Owner or person chiefly intruded with the cuflody thereof, or (hall be aiding or aflifting therein, and (hall be convicted thereof by thie confeflion tA the party, or by the Oath of one or more credible witnefles, before one or more juftices of the peace, (who ate Hereby impowered to ad,mini(fer an oath to that purpofe) fuch person being profecuted for fuch offence within (ix months aftpr fuch offence done; that then every person fo offending, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds 5 (3) to be levied by way of didrefs upon the The penalry. foods and chattels of every fuch offender, by warrant under the uftices hand before whom fuch convi&ion (nail be made ; (4) Raym. 45$. he orie moiety of the said twenty pounds to be given to the in-brmer, and the other moiety to the owner of the deer 5(5) and br Want of fufficient didrefs, the offender (hall be committed :o the house of correction for fix months, and thereto be put :o hard ttbour; or to the common gaol for orle whole year* without bail or mainprife, at the diferetion of the judices of the peace before whom fuch convi6tion (hall be (and not to be dif-rharfefcd fbomthence till he or they have given fufficient furetics :or their good behaviour for one whole year next enfuing after 3&4W. S: M ais or their inlargetnent:) (0) provided. That where any offen- c* \°-!er dmll hepunifhvd by force of tliis a<d, that he (hajl not be * Gt0 1 c '>* tfofecuted, nor incur the penalty of any other lavr or datute for Oceo. 1 c t. he famo offence;, 19/1.7. r. 11. 3 Jac. 1. c. 13.  7  Jac.  1.  ioG«o.j.c

•13-

CAP. XT.

An ail for confirming of three afifi therein mentioned.

BE it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords arid commons in his prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the

C a  fame,

Anno decimo tertio Caroli II. C.ti.  [i66t.

fame. That the feveral afts herein after mentioned, made or mentioned to be made upon or fince the twenty-fifth day of ' April in the twelfth year of his said Majesty’s reign, by his laid Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords and commons aflembled at fVeftminfer upon the said twenty-fifth of April, and there continued until the twenty-ninth day of December then next following, and then difiolved; which feud afts are herein after particularly mentioned and exprefled by the feveral and refpeftive titles following ; that is to lay, (a) one aft, inti-Taxet.  tuled, An act for the raifmg of feventy thoufand pounds for the fur-

i»Car.». c.19. tber fupply of his Majejly ; (3) and one other aft, intituled. An ^Car^Pcit Jor confirmatton °f marriages \ (4) and one other aft, inti-Annivcrfary tuled. An act for a perpetual anniverfary thankfgiving on the twenty-thankfgiving. ninth day of may: (5) and all and every the claufes, fentences aaCar.s. c.14.. and articles in them and every of them contained, (hall be and hereby are ratified and confirmed, and enafted and declared to have the full force and ftrength of acts of parliament, according to the tenor and purport thereof, and fo (hall be adjudged, deemed and taken to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, and as if the fame had been made, declared and enafted by authority of this prefent parliament.

CAP. XII.

An act for explanation of a claufe contained in an act of par* liament made in the feventeentb year of the late King Charles, intituled. An act for repeal of a branch of a statute primo Elizabethae, concerning commiffioners for caufes ecclefiaftical.

1 ft Car. 1. c.ii. ^MTTHEREAS in an act of parliament made in the feventeentb year VV of the late King Charles, intituled, An aft tor repeal - of a branch of a statute primo Elizabeth*, concerning commifiion-ers for caufes ecclefiaftical, it is (among/} other things) enafted. That no archbijhop, bijhop nor vicar general, nor any chancellor nor commiffary of any archbijhop, bijhop or vicar general, nor any ordinary •whatfoever, nor any other fbiritual or ecclefajlical judge, officer or minijler of jufice, nor any other person or perjons whatfoever, exer-cifing fpiritual or ecclefiaftical power, authority or jurifdiftion, by any grant, licence or commijfton of the King's majefty, his heirs or fucuj-fors, or by any power or authority derived from the King, his heirs or fuccejfors, or otherwife, Jhall (from and after the Jirft day of Auguft, which then should be in the year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred forty-one) award, impofe or injlift any pain, penalty, fine, a-mcrciament, imprifonment, or other corporal punijhment upon any cj the King's fubjefts, for any contempt, mifdemeanor, crime, offence, matter or thing whatfoever, belonging to Jpiritual or ecclefiaflical cognizance or jurifdiftion; (2) whereupon fome doubt hath been made, that all ordinary power of coercion and proceedings in caufes ecclefiaf i-cal xuere taken away, whereby the ordinary courfe of juftice in caufes ecclefajlical hath been cbfrufted: (3) be it therefore declared and enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the

advice

i66i.] Anno decimo tertio Caroli II. c. 12.  11

advice and confent of the lords and commons in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority thereof. That neither the said adl, nor any thing therein contained, doth or (hall The ordinary-take away any ordinary power or authority from any of the said archbifhops, bifhops, or any other person or persons named as not taken a-aforefaid, but that they and every of them exercifing ecclefiafti- way. cal jurifdidtion, may proceed, determine, fentence, execute and exercise all manner ot ecclefiaftical jurifdidtion, and all cenfures and coercions appertaining and belonging to the fame before the making of the z£k before recited, in all caufes and matters be- May use ec-longing to ecclefiaftical jurifdidtion, according to the King’s majefty’s ecclefiaftical laws ufed and pradtifed in this realm, in n n# as ample manner and form, as they did and might lawfully have done before the making of the said adt.

il. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That The flat. 16 the afore recited adt of decimo feptimo Caroli, and all the matters Car* *• c. ir. and claufes therein contained (excepting what concerns the high  *tt0

commiffion-court, or the new ere&ion of fome fuch like court what^oncern* by commiffion) (hall be and is hereby repealed, to all intents the high com-and purpofes whatfoever; any thing, claufe or fentence in the miflion-court. said adt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.  Provided always, and it is hereby enadted, That neither pr0vifo. this adt, nor any thing herein contained, (hall extend or be construed t6 revive or give force to the said branch of the said statute made in the said first year of the reign of the laid late Queen Elizabeth, mentioned in the said adt of parliament made

in the said feventeenth year of the reign of the (aid King Charles,

but that the said branch of the said statute made in the said first * Eliz. c. z.

year of the reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, (hall (land xg*

and be xppealea in fuch fort as if this adt had never been

made.

IV.  Provided aWb, and k is hereby further enadted, That it Provifotouch-(hall notbe lawful for any archbifhop, bi(hop, vicar general, be oath chancellor, commiffary, or any other fpiritual or ecclefiaftical

judge, officer or minifter, or any other person having or exer-tiling fpiritual or ecclefiaftical jurifdidtion, to tender or admini^ ftcr unto any person whatfoever, the oath ufuallv called the oath ex officio,, or any other oath whereby fuch person to whom the lame is tendred or adminiftred may be charged or compelled to confefs or accufe, or to purge him or herfelf of any criminal matter or thing, whereby he or (he may be liable to any cenfure or punifhment; any thing in this ftatute, or any other law, cuftom or ufage heretofore to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Vi Provided always, That this adt, or any thing therein con- Provi/b not to tained, (hall not extend or be construed to extend to give unto give any other any archbifhop, bifhop, or any other fpiritual or ecclefiaftical jurifdidHon to judge, officer or other person or persons aforefaid, any power &c or authority to exercife, execute, inflidt or determine any eccle-than they had fiaftical jurisdiction, cenfure or coercion, which they might not by law before by l*w haVe.tJone before the year of our Lord one thoufand fixth* yc*r 1639.

C 3  hundred

22  Anno decimo tertio Caroli II. c.13,14. [ 166r.

■ hr TCmg'si hundred thirty-nine; (2) nor to abridge or diminifh the King’s ; *c;^iafticain majefty’s Supremacy in ecclefiaftical matters and affairs, nor to V^trers. confirm the canons made in the year one thoufand fix hundred Ouons eccle-forty, nor any of them, nor any other ecclefiaftical laws or ca-juilical. nons not formerly confirmed, allowed or enafted by parliament, or by the eftablifhed laws of the land, as they flood in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred thirty-nine.

CAP. XIII.

EXP*  An act for the vetting the arrears of the excife and new impott in his

Majetty. '

CAP. XIV.

Jn aft for confirming an aft, intituled, An act for encouraging and increaling of fhipping and navigation, and federal giber afts both publick and private mentioned thereT jt*.

WHEREAS during the late difficulties and exigencies of affairs in the abfence of his mo ft excellent Majesty, and in reference to his return from beyond the Jeas into tbefe bis Majesty's dominions, the lords ana commons being affembled at Weft minder the five and twentieth day of April in the twelfth year of his Majesty's retgny were from thence, and after his Majesty's return, continued until the nine and twentieth day ^December then next followings and now loft paft, and then diffolved by his Majesty; in which time fcveral afts were faffed by his Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the find lords and commons ajfembki as aforefaids which being of necefjary uft% are fit to be continued and confirmed^ although the manner of the find affemblings enforced by the difficulties and exigencies aforefaid, which then lay upon the nation, is.not to be drawn into example

II.  Be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice arid confent of the lprds and commons in this prefent parliament affembled, and bv th$ authority of the fame. That all and Angular the acts made or mentioned to be made by his said Majesty, by and with the advjce or confent of the lords ar>d commons, upon or fince the laid five and twentieth day of Aprils herein after particulariy mentioned and exprefied : (That is to fay) (2) one aft, intituled. An aft pjv«j,p‘tng.  the encouraging and increafing of Jlipping and navigation ; (3)

VvLa,r &c.1* onc °^er intituled. An act for prohibiting the exportation of 12 liar*. 1. c.32. wool* wool-fells, fullers-earth or any kind of fcouring-eartb ; (4) ) 1 .‘.cs. one other aft, intituled. An aft imptnvering the mafter of the rolls «  11c. 3for the time beings to make leafes for years, in order to new-bvild the

! °irC2°c 34. boufes belonging to the rolls: (k) one other aft, intituled. An ix try! ' - aft for prohibiting the plantings fitting orfowing of tobacco in Eng-i7.>r.i. c. 13. land W Ireland : (6) one other aft,intituled, An aft forrrftratn-.vt cis. ing the taking of excefftve ufury: (7) one other aft, intituled, An C# 6* aft for the prefent nominating of commiffioners of fewers: (8) one A‘*t printed,  other aft, intituled. An act for the incorporating of the mafter and

* .  wardens of the company of habtrdafbers> London, to be governor^ of

the free Jchool and abnboufes in Newport in the county of Salop, j( “  '  •    -  ‘  .........• * ‘ the

i66i.] Anno dccimo tcrtlo Caroli II. ftat.2; c.i,

the foundation of William Adams, andfor fettling of lands and pof~ fejjtcns on them for maintenance thereof and other charitable ufes ; (9) and all and every the claufes, fentences and articles in them and every of them contained, (hall be and hereby are ratified and confirmed, and enadted and declared to have the full force and ftrength of a£b of parliament, according to the tenor and purport thereof, and fo (hall be adjudged, deemed and taken to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, and as if the fame had been made, declared and enabled by authority of this prefent parliament.

CAP. XV.

An a& declaring the paint, penalties and forfeitures impoted upon the efbtes and persons of certain notorious offenders excepted out of the a& of free and general pardon, indemnity and oblivion. The manors, lands and hereditaments, chattels real and other things of Ifaac Ewer, Sir John Danvers, Sir Thomas Maleverer, William Purefby, John Blaki-ilon, Sir William Conftable, Richard Dean, Francis AJeyn, Peregine Pelham, John Moore, John Aklred alias Alured, Humphry Edwards, Sir Gregory Norton, John Venn, Thomas Andrews, Anthony Stanley, Thomas Horton, John Fry, Thomas Hammond, Sir John Bouchier, William lord Mounfon, James Challoner, Sir Henry Mildmay, Sir James Harrington, John Phelps, Robert Wallop and Sir Arthur Hafleng, be forfeited. Tbe goods, &c. of which William lord Mounfon, Sir Henry Mildmay, Sir James Harrington, John Phelps and Robert Wallop, were poflefied the nth of February 1659, forfeited and veiled in his Majesty. Provifo for conveyances and afliirances, See. made bona fide, before the 19th of September. Conveyances and aflTurances made before the icth of April 1660. So as they oe enrolled in the exchequer before the nrfl of January 166s. William lord Mounfon, Sir Henry Mildmay, Sir James Harrington, Robert Wallop and John Phelps, degraded. William Mounfon, Henry Mildmay, James Harrington, Robert Wallop and John Phelps, (bail be drawn to Tyburn as persons executed for treafon. rroT vifo for executors of the said persons and legacies. Provifo for Sir William Lewes, Provifo for Rachel Ppwre. Provifo for Barrington Bour«? chier. EXJ>.

*

S  T A T. II.

ACTS made at tbe fecond meeting in

ment begun at Weftminfter the eighth day of May, Anno Dorn, one thoufandfix hundred  , and there

continued until the twentieth of December, and from that day adjourned unto the feventb of January next tnfumg, as followetb.

CAP. I.

At  aB for tbe well-governing and regulating of corporations.

WHEREAS quejlicns are likely to arife concerning tbe validity of eltiiions of magistrates, and other officers arid members iff corporations, as well in  refpefl of removing as placing others,

during the late troubles, contrary to the true intent and meaning of their charters and liberties: (2) and to the end that the  in

fueh corporations may be  mofi probably perpetuated in  the hands of per-

[ms well-of'died to his Majefiy and the ejlablijhed government, it -

C +  frg

Annq decimo tertio Carou II. c.r. [i66r.

ing too well known, that notwith/anding all his Maje/ys endeavours• and unparalleled indulgence in pardoning all that is pa/, nevertheless many evil /pints are /ill working:

Commiflion* II. Wherefore for prevention of the like mifphief for the time to ifluc for to come, and for preservation of the publick peace both in church Waksand an(* ®ate> ^lt cna<^c^ bythe King’s mod excellent majefty, by Berwick. and with the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, affembled in parliament, and by the authority of the fame, That commiffions (hall before the twentieth day of February next, be ifiued forth under the great feal of England, unto luch persons as his Majesty (hall appoint for the executing of the powers and authorities herein after exprefled : and that all and every the persons to be named commiflioners in the said commiffions refpedtively, (hall by virtue of this a& be (commiflioners refpetfively, for and within the feveral cities, Corporations and boroughs, and cinque port?, and their members, and other port-towns within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, for which they (hall be refpedtively nominated and appointed.

Corporation III. And be it further enadted by the authority albrefaid. That charters laved, no charter of any corporation, cities, towns, bproughs, cinque ports, and their members, and other port-towns in England or Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, (hall at any time hereafter be avoided, for or by reafon of any adl or thing done, or omitted to be done, before th$ first day of this prefent parliament.  *

Magiftrates to IV. And be it further enabled by the authority afbrefaid. That take and Tub- all persons who upon the four and twentieth day of December one tain oaths*1* t^ou^an^ hundred (ixty and one, (hall be mayors, aldermen, recorders, bailiffs, town-clerks, common qouncil-men, and other persons then bearing any office or offices of magiftracy, or places, or trufts, or other imployment relating to or concerning the government of the faicTrefpedUve cities, corporations and boroughs, and cinque ports and their members and other port-towns, (hall at any time before the five and twentieth day of March one thoufand fix hundred fixty and three, when they Oaths of alle- fhall be thereunto required by the said refpe&ive commiflioners or giance andfu- any three or more of them,' take the oaths of allegiance and fu-premacy. prcmacy, and this oath following:

The oath to be taken*

V.  T A. B. do declare and believe. That it is not lawful, upon any A pretence what/cever, to take arms again/ the King \ and that I do abhor that traiterous pofition of taking arms by his authority a-gain/ his perfon, or again/ those that are commi/fmcd by him: So help me God.

Repealed by VI. And alfo at the fame time (hall publickly fubferibe, be-S Geo. i. c. 6. forc tfcc fold commiflioners pr any three of them, this follow-• *ing declaration :

The declara- T A. B .do declare, That I hold that there lies no obligation upon me, fign to be tub- X or any other perfen, from the cath commonly called, The folemn Icribed.  *  league

i66i.] Anno dccimo Caroli II. ftat. 2. c.r.  ^5

league and covenant; and that the fame was in it felf an unlawful cathy and impofed upon the fubjefls of this realm againjl the inown laws and liberties of the kingdom.

VII.  And that all fuch of the said mayors and other the per- Thofe who Tons aforefaid, by whom the said oaths are to be taken, and de- thc ciaration fubferibed as aforefaid, who (hall refiife to take and # remov-fubferibe the fame within the time and in manner aforefaid,

(hall, from and immediately after fuch refufal, be by authority of this adfc (ipfo fafto) removed and difplaced of and from the said offices and places refpedHtely ; (2) and the said offices and places from and immediately after fuch refufal, (hall be and are hereby declared and adjudged to be void to all intents and purpofes, as if the said refpedtive persons fo refufing were naturally ^ead.

VIlf. And neverthelefs, be it further enadted by the autho- Commiffio-rity aforefaid. That the said commiffioners, or any five or more of them, (hall have full power by virtue of this adt, by order and warrant under their hands and feals, to difphce or remove any of the persons aforefaid from the said refpedtive offices and though they places or trufts aforefaid, if the said commiffioners, or the ma-jor part of them then prefent, (hall deem it expedient for the 1 pubhek (afety, although fuch persons (hall have taken and filb-fcribed, or be willing to take and fubferibe, the said oaths and declaration.

IX.  And be it alfo enadted, That the said refpedHve commif- Their power

fioners, or any five or more of them as aforefaid, (hall have  *“7

power to reftore fuch person or persons as have been illegally or JSyiSovS! unduly removed, into the places out of which he or they were removed ; and alfo to put and place into the offices and places

which by any of the ways aforefaid (hall be void refpedtively, fome other person or persons then being or which have been members or inhabitants of the said refpedtive cities, corporations and boroughs, and cinque ports and their members, and other port-towns j (2) who (hall before the said refpedHve com-miffioners or any three or more of them, take the said oaths of obedience and fupremacy, and the said other oath, and fubferibe the declaration herein before particularly mentioned, and that the said persons from and after the taking of the said oaths, and fubferibing the said declaration, (hall hold and enjoy, and be yefted in, the said places and offices, as if they had been duly eledted and chofen according to the charters and former ufages of the said refpedtive cities, corporations and boroughs, cinque ports and their members, and other port-towns.

X.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That CommUfio-

the said refpedHve commiffioners, or any three or more of them ncr® impow-refpedtively, (hall have power, during the continuance of their *{£ refpedHve commiflions, to adminifter the oaths aforefaid, and who (hall give tender the said declaration, to the said persons hereby required the oath after to take and fubferibe the fame ; (2) and from and after the ex- *he commif-piration of the said refpedHve commiflions, the said three oaths  e’

and

power to remove any at their wilfs.

 CjOOQle

*6  Anno decimo Caroli II. ftat. 2. C. 1.  [1661.

and declaration (hall be from time to time adminiftred and tend-red to fuch person and perfons, who by the true meaning of this a6l or any claufe therein contained are to take the fame, by fuch person or persons refpe&ively, who by the charters or ufajges of the said refpe&ive cities, corporations and boroughs, and cinque ports and their members and other port-towns, ought to admi-nifter the oath for due executing the said places or offices refpec-tively ; (a) and in default of fuch, by two juftices of the peace of the said cities, corporations and boroughs, and cinque ports and their members, and other port-towns, for the time being, if any fuch there be, or otherwife by two juftices of the peace for the time being, of the refpedtive counties where the (aid cities, corporations or boroughs, or cinque ports or their members, or other port-towns -are.

The commif- XL And be it likewife enadted by the authority aforefaid, remembrThat the said commiflioners, juftices of the peace, and other persons hereby authorized to adminifter the said oaths and tender the said declaration refpedtively, (hall caufe memorandums or entries to be made of all oaths taken before them, and fubfcrip-tions made as aforefaid, and deliver the fame once in a year to the refpedlive town-clerks or other regifter or clerk of the said re-fpedtive cities, corporations and boroughs, and cinque ports and their members, and other port-towns, who (hall caufe the fame to be fairly entred into the books or regifters belonging to the said refpedhve cities, corporations or boroughs, or cinque ports and their members, or other port-towns.

Nene to be a XII. Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed by the authority afore-noariftnte un- faid. That from and after the expiration of the said commiffions,

lefiTbe take the no person or persons (hall for ever hereafter be placed, elected or oaths and re- -  r  -  -  *r * *  - ■*

ceive the fa-crament. further promt-/ions relating hereto.

5 Geo. 1. c. 6.

f.3.

Carthew 306.

3 Lev. 116.

ces.

And give them to the town-clerks. &c.

chofen, in or to any the offices or places aforefaid, that (hall not have within one year next before fuch election or choice, taken the facrament of the Lord’s fqpper, according to the rites of the church of England \ (2) and that every fuch person and persons fo placed, ele&ed or chofen, (hall likewife take the aforefaid three oaths, and fubferibe the said declaration at the fame time when the oath for the due execution of the said places and offices refpe&ively (hall be adminiftred ; (j) and in default hereof, eve-r 2Yen.147,148. — fucj1 piacjng^ election and choice is hereby epa<fted and declared to be void.

The ufual XIII. Provided always, and be it enabled. That every person oath.  who  (hall  be  placed  in  any  corporation  by  virtue  of this aft,

(hall upon his admiflion t^ke the oath or oaths ufuajjy taken by the members of fuch corporation.

XIV.  Provided alfo, and be it hereby enafled. That the powers granted to the commiflioners by virtue of this a<ft, (hall continue and be in force until the five and twentieth of March one thoufand fix hundred fixty-three and no longer.

XV.  Provided, That it any aeftion, bill, plaint or fuit (hall at any time hereafter happen to be brought or commenced againft

r  c-  any  perfon  or persons nominated a commiflioner as aforefaid, fop

re/over treble any matter or thing by them pr any pi them done by virtue or colts.  in

How long the commiflioners power fhall continue.

Commiflim-ers fue»l may plead the ge*

*7

1661.3  Anno decimo Caroli II. ftat. 2. G.2.

in purfuance of this aft, That then it (hall be lawful to and for every fuch person and persons against whom* fuch aftion, bill, plaint or fuit (hall be brought or commenced, to plead the general iffue, and to give this aft, or any other fpecial matter in evidence ; (2) and if the verdift (hall pafs with the defendant or defendants in any fuch aftion, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs be* come nonfuit, or fuffer any difcontinuance thereof, that in every fuch cafe the judge or judges before whom the said matter (hall be tried, or be depending, (hall by force and virtue of this aft allow unto the defendant or defendants his or their treble cofts, which he or they (hall have fuftamed by reafon of their wrongful vexation in defence of the said aftion or fuit, for which the said defendant or defendants (hall have like remedy as in other cafes where cods by the laws of this realm are given to the defendants.

XVI.  Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That this Reverfioni of aft, or any thing therein contained, (hall not extend or be to offices in the prejudice of any person or persons whatfoever, that hath any reverfion or reverfions of any of the offices or places belonging to the city of London, by force or virtue of any order, grant, de-

Kon or nomination of the lord mayor and court of aldermen said city heretofore refpeftively made or granted to him or them before the times of the late wars, for or in refpeft of fuch grant, deiignation or nomination only; any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP II.

An act for prevention of vexations and opprejjions by arrefis, and of delays in fiats of law.

WHEREAS by the ancient and fundamental laws of this realm, The ancient in cafe where any person is food, impleaded or arrejled by any writ, bill or procefs ijfidng out of any of his Majefiy's courts of record ceeding toar-at Weftminfter, in any common plea, at the fuit of any common per- refts upon fon, the true caufe of aftion ought to be fet forth and particularly ex- fuits, ex-prejfed in fuch writ, bill or procefs, whereby the defendant may have certain knowledge of the caufe of the fuit, and the officer whojhall ex- ^ t^e procefs" icute fuch writ, bill or procefs, may know bow to take fecurity for the appearance of the defendant to the fame, and the fiureties for Juch appearances may rightly underfand for what caufe they become engaged9, (2) and whereas there ts a great complaint of the people of this realm, that for divers years now lajl paft very many of his Majefiy's good fubjefts have been arrefled upon general writs of trefpafs, Quare daufum fregit, bills of Middlesex, Latitats, and other tike writs if-fued out of the courts of King's bench and common pleas, not exprejf-ing any particular or certain caufe of aftion, and thereupon kept pri-foners for a long time for want of bail, bonds with fiureties for appearances having been demanded in Jo great fums, that few or none have dared to be fecurity for the appearances of fuch persons fo arrejled and imprifoned, although in truth there hath been tittle or no caufe of action \ (3) and oftentimes there are no fuch persons who are named piitrjijfs, but thofc arnjfs have been many time} procured by malicious 1 ‘  -  perfons^

2&  Anno  decimo  Caroli II. flat. %. c.2.  {1661V

perfons^ to vex and opprefs the defendants, or to force from them un-reafonable and unjujl compofitions for obtaining their liberty; and by fuch evil practices mcny men have been, and are daily undone, and defrayed in their ejlatesy without poJJibility of having reparation, the aft-* crs employed in fuch practices having been (for the mojl part) poor and lurking perfons., and their aftings fo fecret, that it hath been found very difficult to make true difcoveries or proof thereof:

Perfons arreft- II. For remedy and prevention of which k> great growing «d by procefs evils and mifehiefs, and alfo for difeouraging all frivolous and ** °f , unjuft fuits, and caufelefs arrefts for the future ; (2) be it enactor common  the  King’s  moft  excellent majefty, by and with the ad-

picas, not ex- v>ce and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-prefling the mons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the autho-caufc of ac- rity of the fame, That from and after the twelfth day of February ^baflcTand *n Year our Ford one thoufand fix hundred fixty and one, fet at liberty, n° person or persons who (hall happen to be arrested by any fhe-upon their riff, under-fheriff, coroner, fteward, or bailiff of any franchifc own bonds for or liberty, or by any other officer, minifter, under-bailiff, or appearance, pther person or persons whatfoever, within this realm, having or pretending to have authority or warrant in that behalf, by force or colour of any writ, bill, or procefs iffuing or to be iflii-ing out of his Majesty’s said courts of the King’s bench and com-* mon pleas, or either of them, in which (aid writ, bill or pro-* cefs, the certainty and true caufe of action is not exprefied par-? ticularly, and for which the defendant or defendants in luch writ, bill or procefs named, is and are bailable by the statute in that behalf made in the three and twentieth year of the reign of %l H. 6. c. 9. the late King Henry the Sixth, (hall be forced or compelled to give fecurity or to enter into bond with fureties, for the appearances of fuch person or perforts fo arrested, at the day ana place in the said writ, bill or procefs lpecified or contained, in any penalty or sum or sums of money, exceeding the fum of forty pounds of lawful money of England, to be conditioned for foca appearances ; (3) and that all fheriffs and other officers and mi-nifters aforefaid fhall let to bail and deliver out of prifon, and from their and every of their cuftodies refpe&ively, all and every person and persons whatfoever, by them or any of them arrested upon any fuch writ, bill or procefs, wherein the certainty and true caufe of a<ftion is not particularly exprefied, upon fecurity in the fum of forty pounds and no more, given for appearance of fuch person or persons fo arrested unto the said fheriff or officer aforefaid, according to the said statute in the said three and twentieth year of the reign of the said late King Henry the Sixth in that behalf made and provided.

III.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That upon appearance to be entred in the term wherein fuch writ, bill or procefs is returnable, with the refpedtive officer in that behalf, for the said person or perfons, by attorney or attornies in the said refpedive courts from whence the said writ, bill or procefs iflii-ed, unto fuch writ, bill or procefs, the bond or bonds fo given for appearance thereunto, be and ar$ hereby fatisfied and dif-

6  charged;

i66i.] Annd decimo CaroLi II. ftat.2. c.2.  £9

charged; (2) and that after fuch appearance fo entred, no amer- Bonds (given ciaments be fet or eftreated upon or against any (heriff ot other dl^arS-officer aforefaid, or any other person whatfoever, concerning pCa^^ce?P" the want of fuch appearance; (3) and unlefs the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any fuch writ, bill or procefs named, Ihall put into the court from whence fuch writ, bill or procefs did iffue, his or their bill or declaration against the person or pferfons fo ar-refted, in fome perfonal action, or ejeflione firm* of lands, or te- . nements, before the end of the term next following after appearance, that then a nonfuit for want of a declaration may be en- Nonfuit for tred against the said plaintiff or plaintiffs in the said courts re- want of a de-fpeftively ; (4) and that every defendant in every .fuch writ, bill claration be-or procefs named, (hall or may have judgment to recover cofts ^henext against every fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, to be affefled, taxed and term after ap-levied in fuch manner, and according as it is provided bv the pearance and statute for cofts, made in the three and twentieth year 01 the judgment and reign of the late King Henry the Eighth ; any former or other^ aft, ftatute, ordinance, law, cuftom, order, courfe or ufage  s.  c.  15.

either of the said courts, to the contrary thereof heretofore had, made, admitted or ufed in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.  Provided always. That this aft, nor any claufe or thing Aired# upon *

herein before fpecifiea or contained, (hall not extend, tlor be capias utlaga-conftrued or taken to extend, unto any arrefts hereafter to be attifccn-made upon or by virtue of any writ of capias uthgattim, attach-  '

ment upon refcous, or attachment upon any contempt, or of any tempts, and of attachment of privilege at the fait of any privileged perfon, or privileges ex-of afty other attachment for contempt whatfoever, imiing or to cepted.

be iffuing out of either of the said coarts, although there^be no particular certainty of the caufe of aftion expreffed or contained in the said writs ; (2) but that neverthftefs no (heriff nor under-(heriff, nor any ot the officers or minifters aforefaid, (hall discharge any person or persons taken upon any writ of capias utla~ gatum out of cuftody, without a lawful fyperfedeas first had and received for the fartae : (3) and that upon the said writs of attachment, fuch lawful courfe be taken for fecurity for appearance therein as hath been heretofore ufed; any thing herein before expreffed to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

V.  And whereas many persons out of ill intent to delay their creditors from recovering their juft debts, continue prisoners in thi fleet, who cannot be proceeded against in Jiich manner as they might be^ if they were at large : now for the better enabling all persons to recover their juft debts and demands against fuch prisoners, (2) How persons be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That every per- having caufe Ion or persons whatfoever, who now hath or have, or which at °* a<^1(^n ma/ any time hereafter (hall have, caufe of any perfonal aftion against ^^prifo-any person being a prisoner in the prifon of the fleets may fue nets in the forth an original writ upon his of their caufe of aftion; and that fleet.

a writ of habeas corpus be granted to every fuch person or perfons, being plaintiff or plaintiffs, defiring the fame, to be di-frefted to the warden of the fame prifon* to have the body of fuch prisoner before the juftices of the common pleas, at fome

certain

jo  Anno  decimo  Cajioli  II.  (tat  2.  c.zl  [1661.

certain day in any term, to anfwer the laid plaintiff or plaintiffs upon his or their said caufe of aCtion; and that if the said plain* tiff or plaintiffs at the said day, put into the said court hjs or their declaration, according to the said original writ, againff the said prisoner being prefent at the bar, the hud prisoner (hall be bound to appear in perfon, or to put in an attorney to appear for him in the said action; (3) and unlefs the said defendant plead upon a rule given, to be out at eight days at the lead after fuch appearance, judgment by nihil dial may be eritred a-gainff fuch defendant as appearing in perfon, which (hall be good and effectual in law : (4) and fuch charge in court by declarations, fignified by rule unto the said warden, (hall be a good caufe of detention of fuch prisoner in his cuftody, from which he (hall not be difcharged without a lawful fuperfedeas or rule of court: (5) and if the (aid warden (hall do otherwise, be (haD be refponfible to the court, and to the party grieved, for damages, by aCtion upon the cafe to be brought againff him for discharging fuch prifoner.  .. v * -•..

Delays in fuits VI. And whereas very many fuits commenced by original vtnttbtex by reafonof been protracted and long delayedfrom judgment andvetoabn* by tea*

binecefy  °fJbavi”/w*m «the

and return of °f te“e an“ the days of return of writs now ufed m petfanol ac~ writs, reraedi- tions, and alfo in actions of ejeCtione firmxt, for lands and tenementi: edin actions (2) for remedy thereof, and for theoaore easy expediting trials, and the better and more fpeedy executing of judgments for the time to come, (3) be it further enaCted by the authority afore-laid, That in all actions of debt, and all other perfon*] aifUone EjeCtione whatfoever, and alfo in all actions of ejeffione firmer fox Jand$ or firmae. tenements now depending, or which at any time thereafter .(ball be depending, by ordinal writ, ip either of his Mtycfty’s courts aforelaid, after any iflue therein joined to be tried.by^jury, and, alfo after any judgment had or obtained, or to be had or obtained, in either of the courts aforefaid, in any fiich action a* aforefaio, there (hall not need to be fifteen days between the tpfte day, and Venire facias, the day of return of any writ or writs of venire facias Y habeas cor-, habeas corpora p0ra juratorumy or difir ingas jurat ore sy writs of fieri facias, or, ^Diflrbtzat ju- ***** tapias fatisfaciendum: (4) and that the want of. fif-rator. Fieri fa-tccn days between the te/le day and the day of return of any fuch das, capias ad writ, (hall not be, nor (hall be alfigned, taken or adjudged td be, fatisfaciendum jany matter or caufe of error, any law, cuftom, ftatujte, courfc or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VIL Provided neverthelefc. That this a<&, nor any thing where exigent therein contained, (hall not extend or be conltrued to extend 'ud^ment or t0 any **** tapias Qd fittisfaciendym whereon a writ of exi-to make ther 6ent *fter judgment is to be awarded, nor to cdpias ad Jatis-bail appear, faciendum againff the defendant in order to make any bail liable, excepted. but that the fame continue and be a’s if this act had never been made.

3  Jac. t. c. 8. VIII. And whereas by an act of parliament mdde in the third year touching ftay- $f fa reign of our late fovereign lord King James of blejfed metnoryy ing executions ^  ^  av9\fWg  wwccejfary  delays of execution,

il'keieby

i66i.] Anno dccimo Caroli II. ftat.2, c.2". 31

whereby it is entitled. That no execution Jhall be flayed at delayed up- by fuperfedeat on or by any writ of error or fuperfedeas thereupon to be fued for the or writs of er-reverflng of any judgment to be given in any atlion or bill of debt, upon what^aionsit any Jingle bond for debt, or upon any obligation with condition for pay- may be ltayed. ment of money onh, or upon any ahion or bill of debt for rent, or upon any contrast fued in any of his Highnefs courts of record at Weft-minfter, or in the counties palatine of Chefter, Lancafter or Durham, or in his Highnefs courts of great fefftons in any of the twelve Jhires of Wales, unlefs Juch person or perfons, in whoje name or names fuch writ of error Jhall be brought, with two Efficient Jure ties, fucb as the court wherein Juch judgment is or Jhall be given, Jhall allow of Jhall first before fuch flay made, or fuperfedeas to be awarded, be bound to the party for whom any fucb judgment was or should be given, by recognizance to be acknowledged in the fame court, in double theflan adjudged to be recovered by the said former judgtnent, toprofecutt the said writ of error with effeSt, ana alfo to fatify and pay (if the said judgment Jhall be affirmed) all and jmgular use debts, damages and cojls adjudged or to be adjudged upon the former judgment, and all cofls and damages to be alfo awarded for the fame delaying of execution 5 which law bath been found by experience to be very good and bmeficiaj to the commonwealth: (2) andJ'crafmuch as divers other cafes within the fame tnifehief, by delays tind flaying of execution by writs Of error, and fuperfedeas thereupon, art not provided for by the said fta- 3 Jac. 1. c. %. tute: for farther remedy against delays and ftayings of executions in the feveral adtions hereafter lpecified, *

IX.  Be it further enadted and ordained by the authority afore- I.n "bat ac-faid, That from and after the twentieth.day of January in

year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and tone, no ftkyed (by

execution (hall be ftayed in any of the courts aforefaid, by any writ of error)

writorwrits oferror orfuperfedeas thereupon, after any verdidt and bythiiftatute.

judgment thereupon obtained, in any adtion of debt grounded

upon the statute made in the fecond year of the reign of the late * & 3 Ed. 6.

King Edward the Sixth, for not fetting forth of tithps, nor iq c. 13.

any adtion upon the cafe upon any promife for payment of mor * Lev.

ney, adtions fur trover, actions of covenant, detinue and trefr

pats, unlefs fuch recognizance, and in fuch manner, as by the

faid recited former adt is diredted, (hall be iirft acknowledged in

the said coiirt where fuch judgment is given.

X.  And be it alfo ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if Thedefep-any person or persons after the said day (hall fue or profecute ,to haTe any writ or Writs of error for jeverfal ot any judgment vvhatfo- jj™^e?av*of ever given after any verdidVin any of the courts aforefaid, and his execution the said judgment (hall afterwards be affirmed, then every fucb by writ oft er~ person or perions (hall pay unto the defendant or defendants in r°r*

the said writ or writs ot error, his or their double cofts, to be ! aflefled by the court where fuch writ of error (hall be depending, for the delaying of execution.

XI.  Provided neverthelefs. That this adt, nor any tiling there- popuUr ac-in contained, (hall not extend to any adtion popular, nor untp tiom, or up*

* any other adtion which is or hereafter (hall be brought upon any on a penalise,

penai. . ;;  >

84  Anno  dec!mo tcrtio& quarto CaRoli II. c.i. f 1662.

ind&raents, penal law or statute (except debt for not fetting out tithes aj ^ S'0 ft**t'1' a^°re^a’^) nor to any indidment, prefentment, inquifition, in-* formation or appeal; any thing herein before expreffed to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

CAP. HI.

An act for granting unto the King's majefty twelve hundred and three-/core thoufand pounds, to be aifefled and levied by an afleffinent of tbreefcorc and ten thouland pounds by the month for eighteen montht. EXP.

CAP. IV.

EXP.  An  aft  to  enable  the King's majerty to make leafes, grants and copies of

a 1Jac. 1.0.29. offices, lands, tenements and hereditaments, parcel of his Highneii 1 Car. i.c. s. duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame, and for confirmation of »5 Car. 2. c.3. leafes and grants already made.

Raym. 191. A CTS made in the parliament begun and bolden the jLJL eighth of May, anno decimo terrio Caroli fccuodi rcgis: and continued to the nineteenth of May, dccimo quarto Caroli rcgis; and thence prorogued to the eighteenth of February then next following.

CAP. I.

An act for preventing the mifcbiefs and dangers that mq arife by certain per font called quakers and otherrefusing to take lawful oaths.

Quakers and TX7HEREAS cf late times certain persons under the names cf feparatifts, W quakers, and other names of feparation, have taken up ad take ai? oath, rsaintained fundry dangerous opinions and tenents, and (amtmgfi * others) that the taking of an oath in any cafe whatfiever, although before a lawful magijlrate, is altogether unlawful and contrary, to the word'df God; and the said persons do daily refufe to take an oath, though lawfully tendred, whereby it often happens that the truth is Wholly fuppreffid, and the admintftration of juftice much objfrufted: and whereas the fend perfons, under a pretence of religious worfinfi do often ajfemble themfehes in great numbers in feveral parts of this realm, to the great endangering of the publick peace ana fafety, and to the terror of the people, by maintaining a fecret and Jtriff correft pondence amongjl themfehes, and in the mean time Jeparating and dividing themfehes from the reft of his Majesty*s good and loyal fuh-Jeffs, and from the publick congregations and ujual places of divine worjhip:

II.  For the redrafting therefore, and better preventing the many mifehiefs and dangers that do and may arife by fuch dangerous tenents and fuch unlawful aflemblies, (2)I be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, The penalty afletnbled in parliament, and by authority of the fame, for refilling That if any person or perfons, who maintain that the taking of to take a law- oath in any cafe whatfoever, (although before a lawful ma-ful oath.  gitate

t66i.j Anno decitno teitio & quarto CaroIi II. c. i.  53

|jftrate) is altogether unlawful, and contrary to the word of God, from and after the four and twentieth "day of March in this prelent year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and one, (hall wilfully and obftinately refufe to take an oath, where by the laws of the realm he or me is or (hall be bound to take the fame, being lawfully and duly tcndred; (3) or (hall endeavour to perfwade any other person to whom any fi^ch oath (hall in like manner be duly and lawfully tendred, to refufe and forbear the taking of the fame; (4) or (hall by printing, writing or otherwife, go about to maintain and defend that the taking of an oath in any cafe whatfoever, is altogether unlawful: (5) and if the said perfdns commonly called quakers>

(hall at any time after the said four and twentieth day of March depart from the places of their feveral habitations, and affemble themfelves to the number of five or more, of the age of fixteen years or upwards, at any one time, in any place, under pretence of joining in a religious worlhip, not authorized by the laws of this realm; (6) that then in all and every fdch cafes, the party fo offending being thereof lawfully convidt by verdidt of twelve men, or by hi9 own confeflion, or by the notorious evidence of the facl, (hall lofe and forfeit to the King’s majefty; his heirs and fucceffors, for the first offence, fuch fum as (hall beimpofed upon him or het, not exceeding five pounds; (7) and if any person or perfons; being once convidled of any fuch The fecond offence* (hall again offend therein, and (hall In form aforefaid offence, be thereof lawfully convicted, (hall for the fecond offence forfeit to the King our fovereign lord, his heirs and fucceflors, fuch fum as (hall be impofed upon him or her, not exceeding ten pounds: (8) the said refpedlive penalties to be levied By diftreis and fale of the parties goods fo convidled, by warrant of the parties beforfe whom they (hall be fo convidled, rendring the overplus to the ;owners, if any be; (9) and for want of fuch diftrefs or nonpayment of the said penalty within one week after fuch convidlion, that then the said parties fo convidled (hall for the first offence be committed to the common gaol or , house of corredlion for the fpace of three months ; and for thd fecond offence, during fix months ; without bail or mainprize, thereto be kept at hard labour; (io) which said monies fo to be levied, (hall be paid to fuch person or persons as (hall be appointed by those before whom they (hall be convidled, to be imployed for the increafe of the (lock of the house of corredtion to which they (hall be committed, and providing materials to fet them on work : (11) and if any person after he, in form The third of-aforefaid, hath been twict convidl of any of the said offences, fe"cc* . (hall offend the third time, and be thereof, iri form aforefaid, 1 c ’ 2S* lawfully convidl, that then every person fo offending and con-vicl (hall for his or her third offence abjure the realm ; or other-wife it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, to give order, and ta caufe him, her or them to be tranfported in any (hip or (hips, ta any of his Ma-jefty’s plantations beyond the seas.

Vo 1. VIII.  D  HI. And

34  Anno decimo terrio & quarto Caroli II. e.l. [1662.

Who may III. And it is ordained and enafted by the authority afore-tennfne the  That  all and every juftice of oyer and terminer, juftices of

offences with- affize, and gaol-delivery, and the juftices of the peace, (hall iu this aft. have full power and authority in every of their open and general feffions, to enquire, hear and determine all and every the said offences within the limits of their commiftlon to them directed, jnd to make procefs for the execution of the fame, they may do against any person being indifted before them of trelpafs, or lawfully convicted thereon

IV. And be it alfo enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any juftice of peace, mayor, or other chief officer of any corporation, within their feveral jurifdiftions, to commit to the common gaol, or bind over with fufficient fureties • to the quarter-feffions, any person or persons offending in the premiffes, in order to his or their conviction aforefaid.

Mow persons y. Provided always, and be it hereby further enaCted, That maJTbedff- ^ anY  P*v{°ns  foall  after  fuch  conviction  as  aforefaid,

charged from take fuch oath or oaths, for which he or (he (lands committed, penalties. and alfo give fecurity, that he or (he (hall for the time to come forbear to meet in any fuch unlawful affembly as aforefaid, that then and from thenceforth, fuch person and persons (hail be difeharged from all the penalties aforefaid j any thing in this act to the contrary notwithftanding. lords of the  VI. Provided always, and be it ordained and enafted by the

parliament,  authority aforefaid, ’ That all and lingular lords of the parlia-

ment, for every third offence committed against the tenor of this aft, (hall be tried by their peers and not otherwife.

CAP. II.

EXP.  An act for repairing the highways and fewers, and for paving and keep-

la Car. 2. c.  lng dean ot the streets in and about the cities of London and Weft-

lx. f. 5.  mi lifter, and for reforming of annoyances and difbrders in tlie ftreets

a W. & M.  Of, and places adjacent to, the said cities ; and for the regulating and

flat. 2. c. 8.  licencing of hackney coaches ; and for the enlarging of leverai ftrait

and inconvenient streets and paffages.

CommifiioHers to be named by his Majesty under the great feal for fur-.  yeying and clcanflng the streets and highways. Encroachments that have

continued thirty years, not to he removed but upon fatisfaftion to the parties. The barons of the exchequer to judge of the fatistaftion, if refilled upon tender. Conviftion for encroachments upon view, and the penalty. No hackney coaches to be without licence. Hutt. 99. Who may be licenced to keep hackney coaches. Hackney coaches not foex-* ceed 400 in number. The Icveral rates allowed for hackney-coaches. The penalty for exafting more. AH streets and lanes to be cleanfed ever? week. None to caft any afhes or dull before their houfes. No barrels, timber, cccches or other things to be let or amended in the ftr.ets. The duty ot the fcavengers and rakers weekly. All open streets to be paved and lo kept by the feveral boufeholders. Provifo for the borough of ,  Southwark. "Candles or lights to be hung out every night from

Michaelmas to Lady-day. Kates and taxes to be made for defrayii £ the charges and wages of fcavengers and others. The lord mayor ut London and others, commiflioner^, may treat with perlons concerned, for their interefts in houfes obftrufting paflnge. To have continuance till next parliament. See 2 W, & M. ltat. 2. c. 8.

35

i662.] Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.3;

CAP. III.

An att for ordering the forces in the feveral counties of this kingdom.

FORASMUCH as within alibis Majefyys realms and dominions, The foie and the foie and fupreme power, government, command and difpo- ruPreme jition tfttte militia, and of all forces by fea and land, and of all forts command of and places offlrength is, and by the laws of England ever was, the the militia in undoubted right of his Majefly, and his royal predetcffors, kings and the King’s qutcnsof England; (2) and that both or either of the houfes of par- majefty, bis , hament cannot nor ought to pretend to the fame; nor can nor law- cctors" U<> fully may raife or levy any war ojfettfive or defenfive again/} his Ma~ 13 Car. 1. flat. jefly, his heirs or lawfi/lfuccejfors; and yet the contrary thereof hath 1. c. 6. of late years been praflifei, almojl to the ruin and dejlruflion of this. kingdom; and during the late vfurped governments, many evil and rebellious principles have been injtilled into the minds of the people of this kingdom, which may break forth, unlefs prevented, to the difur-bonce of the peace and quiet thereof:

II.  Be it therefore declared and enabled by the King’s mod His Majelty excellent majefty* by and with the advice and confent of the may iijue out lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in parliament «>mmiflioha aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the King’s to fucb^per-^ moft excellent majefty, hii heirs and fucceflors, (hall and may Tons as he (hall from time to time, as occafion fhall require, ifTue forth,feveral think (it for commiffions of lieutenancy to fuch perrons as his Majesty, his the fe.veral heirs and fucceflors, (hall think fit to be his Majesty’s Jieute- cit^es^&c. nants for the feveral and refpedtive counties, cities and places of The power of England and dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon the laid lieu-Tweed; (2) which lieutenants (hall have full power and autho- £n™ts‘db rity to call together all fuch persons at fuch times, and to arm f^Car^a. c 4. and array them in fuch manner, as is hereafter exprened and declared* and to form them into companies, troops and regi-  §

ments, and in cafe of infurredtion, rebellion or invafion, them 0 lead, condudt and employ, or caufe to be led, conduced and imployedj as well within the said feveral counties, cities and daces for which they (hall be commiflloned refpCdlivelv, asalfo. nto any other the counties and places aforefaid, for fupprefling of ill luch infurredtions and rebellions, and repelling of invafions, as nay happen to be* according as they (hall from time to time re-eive directions from his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors; (3) nd that the said rCrpcdtive lieutenants (hall have full power and uthority from time to time to conftitute, appoint apd give com-niflions to fuch persons as they (hall think fit to be colonels* wjors, captains and other commiflion-officers, of the said perms fo to be armed* arrayed and weaponed, and to prefent to is Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, the names of fuch person nd persons as they fhall think fit to be deputy-lieutenants, and pon his Majesty’s approbation of them fhall give them de-> utations accordingly; (4) always underftood. That his Mayfly, his heirs ana fucceflors have power and authority to di-

Da  redt

3 6  Anno  decimo  tertio  &  quarto  Caroli  II. d.3. [i66i.

The deputy reft and order otherwife, and accordingly at his and their plea-lieutenants to fure may app0]nt and commiffionate or difplace fuch officers i and ^proved any thing in this aft to the contrary nottwthftanding : ( j) and of by, his  that the said lieutenants refpeftively, and in their abfehce out

Majdty.  of the precinfts and limits of their refpeftive lieutenancies, or

The power of otherwife by their direftions, the said deputy-lieutenants, tftitfng lieutenants. t'ieir refpeftive deputations, or any two or more of the'm* fhall have power from time to time to train, exercise and put in readinefs, and alfo to lead and conduft the persons fo to be armed, arrayed and weaponed, by the direftions, and to the interns and pupofes as is hereafter exprefled and declared.

III.  And for the providing horfe and arms and furniture thereunto belonging, for the arming and weaponing the persons aforefaid, and alfo for the defraying and paying the neoeffery charges thereunto belonging in manner as hereafter followeth ; (2) be it further enafted. That the said refpeftive lieutenants within the feveral counties, cities and places, for which theyare The manner nominated refpeftively, and their deputies, or the major part of charging of fuch lieutenants and deputy-lieutenants then prefent, or in and provid- the abfence of the lieutenant or lieutenants, the major part of and t*ie deputy-lieutenants then prefent, which major part fhall be nns, . thr£e at the leaft, have hereby full power and authority to chaise any person with horfe, horfeman and arms, or with foot-foldier ana arms, in the fame county, (hire, city* borough or town corporate where his, her or their eftates lie, having refpeft unto and not exceeding the limitations and proportions hereafter mentioned; (that is to fay) (3) no person (hall be charged with finding a horfe, horfeman and arms, unlefs fuch person or persons have a revenue of five hundred pounds by the year in pofleflion, or have an eftate of fix thoufand pounds in goods or fnoney, befides the furniture of his or their houfes, and fo proportionally fora greater eftate in lands in pofieffion, or goods, as the refpeftive lieutenants and their deputies as aforefaid, in their diferetions fhall fee caufe and think reafonafele; (4.) and they are not to charge any person with finding a foot-dfokfier and arms, that hath not a yearly revenue of fifty pounds in pofieffion, or a perfonal eftate of fix hundred pounds in goods or monies, (other than the flock upon the ground) and after the aforefaid rate proportionally for a greater or leffer revenue or eftate : (5) nor fhall they charge any person with the finding both of horfe and foot in the fame county.

IV.  Provided, That no person chargeable by this aft, to find So nerfon rn and horfeman with arms or to be contributory towards clnrged with finding an horfe and horfeman with arms, fhall for the feme or towards an eftate be chargeable towards finding a foot-foHrcr with arms or horfe, may be contributory thereunto: (2) and it fhall be lawful to and for towards foot-  lieutenants  and  deputies  or  any three or more of

arms.  them as aforefaid, to impofe the finding and providing of horfe,

horfeman, and arms as aforefaid, by joining two or three or more persons together in the charge, as to their judgment fhall appear tnoft conducive to the fcrvice of this kingdom.

i66a.j Aano decimo terdo & quarto Carol* II. 0.34  37

V.  Provided, That no person that hath not one hundred What perrons pounds per annum in pofieffion, in lands, tenements or here- f^har^able" ditaments, leasehold or copyhold, or twelve hundred pounds towarSTfind-pcrfonal cftate, (hall be compellable to contribute in finding any ingborfe-borfe and horfeman with arms: (2) and the (aid refpeCtive arms, lieutenants and deputies, or any three or more of them, (hall an^d^uties have power to hear complaints, and examine witnefles upon j^ay ^ oath, (which oath they have hereby power to adminifter) and determine

to give redrefs according to the merits of the caufe in matters matters re-relating to the execution of this a<3t.  la^mg toth«

VI.  Be it further ena&ed, That the said lieutenants and de- Allowance of putie$ or any three or more of them, in their feveral counties 2 $. per diem and places rcfpcCtively, (hall require and direCt all persons fo f°r a horfe-charged as aforefaid, with horfe, horfemen and arms, to allow jpan>and 1 s. two (hillings by the day to the troopers that ferve with their tidier?0 * 4 horfe and arms, for the maintenance of the man and horfe, and

twelve pence a day for the foot-foldiers, (if they ferve not in their own perfons) for fo many days as they (hall be fent from their dwellings and callings, by occafion of muftcr orcxercife.

VII.  And for furnilhing ammunition and other neceflarics, Rat*s t0 }>c the said refpeCtive lieutenants and deputies or any three or more j^rnffoin? of them, (hall have power to lay fitting rates upon the refpe&ive ammunition, counties and places, not exceeding in the whole in any one izCar.i.c.zp* year the proportion of a fourth part of one month’s afleflment

in each county, after the rate of feventy thoufand pounds by the month, now or late charged by an aCt, intituled, An act for the railing of feventy thoufand pounds for the further fupply of bis Ma-jejty : (2) which monies are to be aflefed, collected and paid by fuch persons and according to fuch directions as (hall be given from time to time by the said refpcCtive lieutenants and deputies or any three or more of them, under the like penalties, and by the like ways and means, as are preferibed in the said 2& for the feventy thoufand pounds by the month; (3) and in Invafion, in-cafe of invasions, infurredkms or rebellions, whereby occafion fun'eftion, (hall be to draw out fuch (bldiers into aCfual fervice, the persons fo ^JiGeo. 1 charged as aforefeid, (hall provide each their foldier respectively ^ with pay in hand, not exceeding one month’s pay, as (hall be in that behalf dire&ed by the said refpeCtive lieutenants, and in their abfence as aforefaid, or otherwife by their directions by their deputies or any two or more of them: (4) for repayment of which said monies, and for fatisfaCtion of the officers for their pay during fuch time, not exceeding one month as afore-laid, as they (hall be with their foldiers in fuch said adtual fer-yice, it is hereby declared, That provifion (hall be made for the fame by his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, out of his or their publick treafury or revenue : (5) nevertheless, it is hereby Provifion hy further provided and euaCted, That in cafe a month’s pay (hall be provided and advanced as aforefaid. That no person who advanccti'a** (hall have advanced his proportion thereof, (hall be charged month s pay with any other like month’s payment, until he or they ihall (hall be charg-fi^ve been re-imburfed the said month’s.pay, and fo from time Cl* aSairt U1*~

D 3  - tp

3

til he be re-

imbnHed the

fa Tie.

J-k v% to charge car^c and ho cifor

their allow-tnc e per nuie.

Soldiers that do not tbeir duties how punilhed.

The penalties upon perl'ons charged or taxed, refuf-ing or neglecting.

5S  Armo  decimo  tertio&  quarto Caroli II. c^j. [1662.

to time the month's pay by him or them last before provided and advanced as aforefaid.

VIII.  And be it ena<5ted, That the said lieutenants and their deputies, or the chief officers upon the place in the refpeftive counties and places as aforefaid, may charge carts, wagons,

vifi^Sand°* wa,ns nnc* horfes for the carrying of powder, match, bullet and 100% an other materials, allowing fix pence a mile outward only, to every fuch cart, wagon and wain with five horfes or fix oxen, and fo proportionably ; (2) and for every horfe employed out of wagon or cart for the ufes aforefaid one peny, fo taken upon the marching of any regiment, company or troop, upon occafion of invafion, infurredtion or rebellion ; (3) and that the said lieutenants or deputies, or the chief officers upon the place, fhall and may imprifon mutineers and fuch foldiers as do not their duties as foldiers at the day of their mufters and training; and fhall and may inflict for punifhment for every fuch offence, any pecuniary mulct not exceeding five (hillings, or the penalty of imprifonment without bail or mainprife, not exceeding twenty days.

IX.  And be it further enabled, if any person or persons foto be alTeffed or charged by the said lieutenants and deputies, or any three or more of them refpe<5tively, (hall refufe oroegkd by a renfonable time to be appointed, to provide and furnifli fuch fufficient horfe and horfeman, horfes and horfemen, arms and other furniture, or to pay fuch sum or sums of money towards the providing and furnilhing as aforefaid ; That then it fhdll and may be lawful to and for the refpetfive lieutenants and deputies or any three or more of them, for every fuch offence, from time to time to inflid a penalty upon fuch perfons

, not exceeding twenty pounds. (2) And alfo by warrant under their or any three ot more of their hands and feals, to kvy fuch sum or sums of money, or the value of fuch boric or horfes, arms and furniture, and fuch penalty infli&ed, by dilbrefeand fale of the goods of the perforr or persons fo neglc&ing or re-fufirtg, rendring the overplus to the party fo diftrained, all ne-ceflary charge in levying thereof being first deduced; (3) and it is declared, T hat the fame be employed to the fame ufes in default whereof the fame was impofed.

Xmbezilling X. And be it further enadted, That if any person or persons of arms, horfe fo to be armed, arrayed and weaponed, fhall detain or imbezil or furniture, ^;s jlorfe^ arms ^ furniture wherewith he ought to ferveor is ow pum 1 e . ;ntrufte(j ^ that jt fllan an(| may Jawfu| to and for the (aid refpeftive lieutenants, and in their abfenceas aforefaid, or other-wife by their idiredlions, to and for their deputies, or any two or more of them, to imprifon fuch person and persons till he or they have made fntisfadlion for the horfe, arms, or other furniture fo by him detained or imbezilied; (2) and alfo. That if any peifon fo to be armed, horfed or weaponed as aforefaid, (hall not appear and ferve, completely furnifhed with horfe and arms, and other furniture wherewith he is intruded, at the beat of drum, found of trumpet, or other fummonsj that then, and

39

166a.] Anno decimo tcrtio & quarto Caroli II. c.3.

fo often, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said refpe&ive lieutenants, and in their abfence as aforefaid, or otherwife by their dire&ions, to and for their deputies, or any two or more of them, if the default be in the person or persons fo intruded, to imprifon fuch person or persons for the fpace of five days, without bail or mainprize, or to inflict the penalty, if a horfe-man, not exceeding twenty (hillings, and if a footman, not exceeding ten (hillings, to be paid down without delay or forbearance : (3) and if any person or persons fo afiefled or charged as aforefaid, (hall refufe or negleCt to fend in, or deliver his horfe, arms, or other furniture, upon fuch fummons, or other notice as aforefaid; that then, and fo often, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said refpe&ive lieutenants and their deputies, or any three or more of them, to infliCt a penalty not exceeding five pounds, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuch person or persons fo refuting as aforefaid, rend-ring the overplus to the party diihcined, neceffary charges for levying being firfldeducted.

XI.  And for the better difeovery of the ability of the per- Ability of fons fo to be afletifed and charged, and of all mifdemeanors tend-

ing to the hindrance of the fervice aforefaid, the said refoeftive ^fcovered, lieutenants, and their deputies, or any three or more ot them, are hereby enabled to examine upon oath fuch person or per-fons as they (hall judge necefiary or convenient, or (hall be produced by tne party chaiged or accufed, other than the persons themfelves fo to be afiefled and accufed.

XII.  And for the better and more fpeedy execution of the Treafurer premises, be it further enafted, X^at the (aid refpeftive lieu- and clerks for tenants (hall be and are hereby required to appoint one or more S^^JJoiiles treafurer or treafurers, clerk or clerks, for receiving and paying by this aft. fuch monies as (hall be levied by virtue hereof; of all wnich

receipts and difburfements thereof, the said treafurer, clerk and clerks, are every fix months to give their accounts in writing, and upon oath, to the said lieutenants and their deputies, or any three or more of them, which oath they have hereby power to adminifter : (2) and the (aid account fo to be taken, (hall be forthwith certified to the lords of his Majesty*s moft honourable privy council, and a duplicate thereof (hall be certified to the juftices of peace at the next general quarter-feflions.

XIII.  And be it further enafted. That the deputy-lieutenants (hall obferve and obey fuch orders and directions as they (hall from time to time receive from the refpeCtive lieutenants, for the putting in execution the powers given by this a<5t.

XIV.  And for the better fecuring the peace of the kingdom. Who (ball b«

be it further enafted and ordained, and the (aid refpedtive lieu- appointed to _  .  ^  \  .  .  .  .  r  .  .  fearch for and

tenants, or any two or more of their deputies, are hereby fe*1ze arnis -ia

enabled and authorized from time to time, by warrant under the houfes of

their hands and feals, to imploy fuch person or persons as they dangerous

(hall think fit (of which a commiffioned officer, and the con- Pcr<ons*

(table or his deputy, or the tithihgman, or in the abfence of

the conftablc and his deputy and tithingman, foir.e other per-

D 4.  fot\

Houfes of peejr*.

AU high con-ttablcs ai)d bflkeni to be aiding to the refpctrive lieutenants*

How perfons

a» e to be charged reading ip one county, and hiving lands ii' another.

Anno decimo tema & quarto CAROti II. c*j. [1661,

fon bearing office within the pariffi where the fearch foaUbcg (hall be two) to fearch for and leize all arms in the cuftodyoc pofleflion of any person or petfons whom the (aid lieutenants pr any two or more of their deputies, (ball judge dangerous to jhe peace of the kingdom, and to feeure fuchanps for the fer-vice aforefaid, and thereof frpm time to time to give accounts to the said refpedivc lieutenants, and in their abfence as. afore-laid, or otherwife by their directions, to. their deputies, .or any two or more of them: (2) provided that no fuch fearch be made in any house or houfes between fon-fetting and fun-nfing, other than in cities and their fuburfis, and towns corporate, market-towns and houfes within the bills of mortality, where it (hall and may be lawful to, fearch in the night-time by warrant as aforefaid, if the warrant (hall fo dired, and in cafe of refiftance to enter by force : (3) and that no dwelling-lroufe of any peer of this realm be fearclied by virtue of this ad, but by immediate warrant from his Majesty, under his figo manual, cur k the prefence of the lieutenant, or one of the deputy- heutenants of the fame county or riding: (4) and that in a)l places and houfes whatfoever where fearch is to be made as aforefaid, it (hall and ipay be lawful, in cafe of refiftance, to enter by forcc; (5) and that the arms fo feized may be rpftored to the owners again, if the (aid lieutenants, or in their a b fence as aforefaid, their deputies, or any two or more of them, lhall fo think fit.

XV.  And be it enacted. That all high conftables, petty con-ftables, and other officers and miniffors within the said counties, cities, pariftics and places aforefaid, be end are hereby required to be aiding and aflifting Ur the said refpedive lieutenants and their deputies, or any of them, in executioa of the pretnifles : (2) and that all and ^very person and perfon* who (hall ad or do any thing in elocution thereof, lhall be hereby faved harmlefs and indemnified : and alfo, that all and every person and perfons, who have heretofore a<$ted or done any thing in execution of any commifiion or commiffions of lieutenancy ilTued by the King’s majefty {hat now h, or by cxdour of them or any of them, or touching or concerning the feme or any of them, or relating thereunto, fince the feveoth day of May one thoufand fix hundred fixty atnd one, until the twentieth day of May one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, ftull be and are hereby laved harmlefs and indemnified ia that behalf.

XVI.  And be it further enaded and ordained, That where any person or persons fhaJI be charged by virtue of this a£i to find a horfe and horfeman, horfes and horfemen and arms, or footfoldicr and arms, in fuch county, city or place, where lie or they do not refide or inhabit; that then and in fuch cafes, the refpedive lieutenants and deputies, or any three or more of them, (hall fend notice of every fuch charge, if fuch i erfon have any land iu his own occupation, to fuch person as lie doth impJoy as his fervant in managing the fame ; (2) and in cafe ali his lands or other eftate be demifed, and to farm

let.

 VjOCK

4*

iSfo.] Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.g.

let, then to one or two of the moft fufScient tenant or tenants whoiball have the fame in their occupation, who are hereby requited forthwith with all convenient fpeed to convey the fame totbeir mafter pr landlord refpedively, and within fuch time as (hall be appointed in that behalf, bring an account of their matter or landlord’s anfwcr to the refpedive lieutenants and deputies, or any three or more of them : (3) arid upon negled or refufcl of the landlord, to provide fuch horfe and horfeman, horfes and horfemen and arms, or foot-foldier and arms, as is duly charged upon him, according to the rates mentioned in this ad, for the yearly rent refereed upon every demife or other grant, and not otherwise, within the time limited for that pur-pofej that then the said tenant or tenants Audi provide and do at the landlord in that behalf ought to have done: (4) and if Tenants to the laid tenant or tenants (hall renife or negled to provide fuch provide horfe and horfeman, horfes and horfemen and arms, or foot- ^3 foldier and arms, as are charged upon his attd their landlords, ^ * within the time limited; that then and upon every fuch default, it {hall and may be lawful to and for the said refpedive lieutenants, and m their abfence as aforefaid, or oiherwife by their directions, to and for their deputies, or any two or more of them* by warrant under their hands and feals, to levy all iuch penalties as are appointed by thi9 ad, by diftrefs ana fale of the offender’s goods, rendring the overplus to the party dilbamedv

XVII* And it is hereby ordained and enaded, That it lhall And to de-and may be lawful to and for the said tenant or tenants, to de- ^ thc -hit out of fuph rent as (hall be next cfoe to his - or their land- their nS lord, alHuch money as the laid tenant or tenants (hall neceffa- rent, rfly lay out of expend in providing fuch hoffe and horfeman, horfes and horfemen and arms, or foot-foldier and arms, as are fhatged upon his or their landlord, or (hall pay or be levied upon him or them by diftrefs for any default, in manner as afore-fad; any condition, refervaiion, covenant or contrad for the payment of his or their rent, to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding: (2) and for fo doing, the said tenant or tenants The tenants {hall be indemnified by authority of this ad, unlefs the fend- indemnified’ lord or landlords (hall make it appear within two months after *or doing. fuch levying fuch penalties before the refpedive lieutenants, and in their abfence as afoiefaid, or orherwife by their diredions before their deputies, or any two or more of them, that the default and penalty was occafioned by the wilful negled of the kid tenant or tenants.

XVUI. Provided alfo, That no person being a peer of this Peers not to realm, (hall be capable of adingor ferving as lieutenant or de- ad as lieu-' puty-lieutenant, by virtue of this ad, unlefs he or they (hall before* tirft before fix of the lords of his Majesty’s privy-ccnmcil, for the  the

time being, or fuch other persons as (hall be authorized by his oath of alle-Majefty to adminifter the fame, take the oaths of allegiance and giance, Sec. fupremacy, and alfo this oath following: I y/T B. do declare rf*rfandthw oatfy believe) That it is not hnvjul upon any pretence U'katfoever to take

arm; •

i w. &

fcff. i. c. 8. f. n.

f erfons under

42  Anno  deeimo  tertio  & quarto Caroli IL c.3. [1661'.

arms against the King: and that I do abhor that traiterbus fofiEsn^ That arms may be taken by his authority against his perfon, or against those that are commtjjioned by him in purfuance of fuch military com-mijftons: So help me God. Which oaths they have hereby power to adminifter.

XIX.  And that no person being under the degree of a peer the degree of of this realm, (hall be capable of atfting as a lieutenant, deputy-a peer to take lieutenant, officer or foldier, by virtue of this a ft, unlefs be or allerianc^&c ^all ^ ta^c 0**^ of allegiance and fupremacy, and ana this oath! *his oath following: I A. B. do declare and believe, That it is not lawful upon any pretence whatfoever to take arms against the King; and that I do abhor that traitorous pofetion, That arms may be taken by his authority against bis perfon, or against those that are commif-fioned by him in purfuance of fuch military commiffions: So help me God.  (2) Which oaths, any one juftice of peace of the re-

fpe&ive counties and places aforefaid is enabled to adminifter, to fuch refpedtive lieutenant as is not a peer of this realm 5 and the (aid lieutenant, or any one juftice of peace of the refpedtive counties and places aforefaid, is enabled to adminifter to the yefpe&ive deputy-lieutenants, not bring peers; and the fad re-jpe&ive lieutenants, and in their abfence as aforefaid, or other-wife by their dire&ions when they are not abfent, their deputies, or any two of theta, (hall and are hereby enabled to adminifter the said oaths to the (aid officers and foldiers.

The trained XX. And to the end there may be fome convenient time te bands toconr pUt jn execution the powers of this a<ft, arid preparing an efta-iTthof March blilhment according to the fame, be it hereby enadted. That 1663. and no Ac trained bands and forces now adhially raifed, and in being, longer. . (hall fo continue in each refpedHve city and county of England .and Wales, until the five and twentieth day of March one thoufand fix hundred fixty and three, and no longer, unlefs an ;eftabli(hment according to this a<ft be no fooner had; any thing in this prefent a6k to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. The times ap« XXI. And it is hereby declared and ensured, That the or-pointed for dinary times for training, exercifing and muftering the forces traming aad to be raifed by viitue ot this aft, (hall be thefe following, (that Se iCar a ls t0  §enera*  ma^er and exercise of regiments, not

cf7.  *  above  once,  a  year ; the training and exercifing or Angle com-

panies, not above four times a year, unlefs fpecial dire&ions be given by his Majesty, or his privy-council; (2) and that fiich (ingle companies and troops (hall not at any one time be continued in exercise above the fpace of two days; (3) and that at a general mufter and exercise of regiments, no'officer or foldier (hall be conftrained to ftay for above four days together from their refpe&ive habitations; (4) and that at every fuch mufter and exercife, every mufqueteer (hall bring with him half a pound of powder, at the charge of fuch person or persons as provide the said foot-foldier and arms; and every horfeman is to brine: with him a quarter of a pound of powder, at the charge of fuch person or persons as provide the said hori'e, horfeman and arms ; (5) and the arms offenfive and defcnfivt,

Wife

i6fa.] Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.j.  43

wkh the furniture for horfe, are to be as foHoweth ; the de- What an®?

fenfire arms, a back, breaft and pot, and the breaft and pot to eveivfoltor

he piftol-proof; the offenfive arms, a fword and a cafe of pif- (hall bring.

tob,the barrels whereof are not to be under fourteen inches 1 Geo. 1. flat.

in length ; the furniture for the horfe to be a great faddle or *• c. 14- f- s-

padd with burts and ftraps to affix the holders unto, a bit and ^ Geo*1,c*

bridle wkh a pe&oral and crupper: (6) for the foot, a muf- * 7‘

queteer is to have a mufquet, the barrel whereof is not to be

under three foot in length, and the gauge of the bore to be for

twelve bullets to the pound, a collar of bandeleers, with a

iwond: (7) provided that all mufter-mafters fhall for the pre-

fent admit and allow of any mufquets already made, which will

bear a bullet of fourteen to the pound; but no mufquets which

henceforth fhall be made are to be allowed of, but fuch as are of

the gauge of twelve bullets to the pound: (8) a pikeman is t6

be armed with a pike made of afh, not under fixteen foot in

length, (the head and foot included) with a back, breaft, head-

piece and fword: (9) provided, that all mufter-mafters (hall for

the prefect admit and allow of any pikes already made that are

not under fifteen foot in length; but no pikes which fhall be

hereafter made are to be allowed of, that are under fixteen foot

in length.

XXII.  Provided alfo, and be it enatfed by the authority militia of aforefaid, That the militia of the ifland of Purbetk fhall remain tfteifleofPur-fcparate from the county of Dorfet, as heretofore hath been

ufed; and that his Majcfty’s lieutenant of the said ifland, and bis deputies, or any three or more of them for the time being,

(hall have power for the levying, arraying, muftering and conducing of fuch number of foot for the defence of the said ifland, in fuch manner, and by fuch ways and means, as heretofore bib been ufed; and alfo to use and execute within the said ifland all and every the powers, which by the true intent of this a<ft any of his Majesty’s lieutenants, or his or their deputies, or any of them, might in any refpeCive county use or execute.

XXIII.  Provided neverthelefs, and be it enafted by the au- Power to hla thority afore faid, That in cafe of apparent danger to the pre- Majesty to fent government, it fhall and may be lawful for his Majesty at ra”c 7°0°°1« anytime or times that the fame fhall fo happen, during the jJJ^ce"1 fpace of three years, from the five and twentieth day of Juris m years ppoa the year one tpoufand fix hundred fixty and two, to raffe fuch occafion. sum or sums of money for the defraying of the whole, or fuch EXP*

part of the militia aforefaid, as his Majesty fhall find himfelf obliged to imploy, in order to the quiet and fecurity of this nation, the said fum not exceeding feventy thoufend pounds in one whole year; (2)‘and the fame to be raifed by his Majesty’s lieutenants, or in their abfence as aforefaid, by their deputies in their refpedtive counties, according to the rules and directions 13 Car. a. in an a<ft in this prefent parliament. For the raifing of eighteen a*c* V months ajfeffmnt after the rate of feventy thoufand poundsptr menfem\ as alfo to continue the fpace of three years from the aforefaid

five

A

 LjOCK

44

Such as have provided parifli arms before the of June 1660. how to be reimburf-ed.

EXP.

Ho man charged (hall be forced to ferve in per-fon, but may Sod a fu/R-f ient n*an for ium.

No perion lifted may de« fert the ter-vice, or be cJi (charged, or altered, but by leave upon reafon-able caufc. Tbt penalty.

Anno decimo tertio & quarto Carou II. €.3. [1662,

five and twentieth day of Juxt, and no longer any thing in this ad, or any other, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIV.  Be it alfo enaded, That all conftables, dthingmen or other officer or officers, who fince the four and twentieth day of June one thoufand fix hundred and fixty have paid os diiourfed, or before the fettlemefnt of the militia to be eftablifted by virtue of this ad (hall pay or diiburfe, any monies for buy? ing of arms, or defraying of charges of (bldiers, fet or to be let upon their refpedive pardhes, (hall be reimburfed the fame by thofc who have refufed to pay their proportions thereof; (2) and in cafe he or tliey (hall refufe to pay the fame, then to be levied by diftrefs and (ale of goods* rei>dring the overplus to the owner or owners, by warrant under the hand and feal of the lieutenant or lieutenants, or in his or their abfence,or other-wife by their diredion when fbey are not abfent, of any two of their deputies, direded to the refoedive cunftabks, tithing-men, or other officer or officers aforefaid, of their refpeftive pariihes.

XXV.  Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded and declared, That no period charged with the finding of horfe, or foot, oy with contributing thereunto, as aforefaid, (ball be compellable to ferve in his or their proper perfon, but may according to fuel) proportion as they are or (hall refpedively be charged by this ad, find one or more fit or fufficient nun or met) qualified according to this ad, to be approved by his or their captain refpedively, fubjed neverthelefe to be altered upon appeal to the lieutenant, or in his abfcnce, a^ aforefaid, to his deputy-lieutenants, or any two of them, as there (hall be caufc; and that every fuch perion or persons fo found and provided, (hall and hereby are required to ferve as a (bldier and foldiers, in fuch manner, and under fiich penalties, as are before appointed in this ad; (2) and that every person or persons who (hall ferve in his qr their own persons (who are alfo to be approved of as aforefaid) or fuch person or persons as (hall be accepted in his or their ftead, (hall at jthe next mufter of £uch troop or company in which he or they are to ferye, give in his or their chriffian and (urnames, and places of abode*, unto fuch person as the lieutenant, or in his abience, as aforefaid, or by his diredion when he is not abfent, any two deputy-lieutenants (hall appoint, to the end the fame may be lifted; (3) and that from thenceforth fuch person fo lifted (hall pot be exchanged, or defert the said fervice, or be difeharged thereqf, but by the leave and order of the lieutenant, or two deputy-lieutenants, or his captain, upon reafonable caufe (fubjed neverthelels, upon appeal to be determined as aforefaid) tirft obtained in writing under bis or their hands and teals; (4) under pain that fuch

f>crfoti departing from the said fervice without leave as afore-aid, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, to be levied upon his goods and chattels in fuch manner as is by this ad appointed for the levying of other penalties *, and for non-payment or want of diftrefs, then every fuch person to be committed to the common gaol of the county for any time not exceeding three months, without bail or mamprife; any thing in this ad to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXfa. Provided always, and be it enaded, That nothing pr0vifb For in this ad contained (hall extend to put any new charge of the tinners of arms upon the tinners in the counties of Devon and Cornwall, Dcvon otiier than the tax mentioned in the former provifo; but that Cornwa“* the lord-warden of the ftannaries for the time being, in pur-* fuance of his Majesty’s commiffion^ in that behalf, and fuch as he (hall commiffionate and authorize under him, according to the rules and diredions before-mentioned in this ad, (hall and may have and use the like ‘powers, and array, aflefs, arm* mufter and exercise the said tinners within the said counties* and either of them, as hath been heretofore ufed, and according to the antient privileges and cuftoms of the said ftannaries, obferving the rules and proportions appointed by this ad ; any thing in this ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVII.  Provided always, and be it enaded by the autho- provifo For rity aforefaid. That his Majesty’s lieutenants that are or (hall the militia of be commifliorted for the militia of the city of London, may and London.

(hall continue to lift and levy the trained bands and auxiliaries

of the foid city, as to number and quality of the perfons, in fuch manner as was ufed in forming the prefent forces now railed by his Majesty’s com million; (2) and in regard of the extraordinary duties, which the forces of the said city that now are and formerly were raifed in order to his Majeuy's happy reftauration, have of late, and may again be put to, for the fafety of his Majesty’s perfon, and for fuppreffing or preventing of infurredions; (3) that it (hall and may be lawful for his Majesty's lieutenants of the said city, by warrant from his Ma-jefty, to impofe and levy yearly in the fame, fo much money as they (hall find needful, for defraying the arrears of thole first nufed,for his Majesty's happy reftauration, and the arrears and neceflary charge of those that now are and (hall be raifed, with the ammunition and other incident expences of their militia, in fuch manner as the prefent afleflment is now levied, and not exceeding in any one year the proportion of one month's tax, which the said city now pays towards the tax of feventy thoufand pounds by the month, and (hall be accountable for/the fame, as by this ad is ordained ; any thing in this aft to the contrary of this provifo in any wife notwithftanding.

XXVIII.  Provided always. That no officer or foldicr of the pr0Vjfo for militia or trained bands belonging to any city, borough or tiie officers of town corporate, being a county of it felf, or to any other cor- the militia of poration or port-town, who have ufed and accuftomed to be cities an<* muftered only within their own precinds, (hall be compellable ™^cor"

to appear out of the precinds or liberties of the fame city, p borough, town corporate and port-town, at any mufter or exercise only; (l) and every of the said cities, boroughs, towns corporate and port-towns, are hereby chargeable to find their ufual number of foldiers unlefs the refpedivc lieutenants

find

4$

Anno decimo tertio & quarto Garoli tt.- c.3.

find carufe to leflen the fame ; any thirty in this aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

Covenants be- XXIX. Provided, That this aft, or any thing herein con-11  ta*nc<l» (hall not extend to avoid any covenant or agreement

dants for pro-  hath  been  or  (hall  be  made between any landlord and

viding arms, tenant concerning the finding horfes or arms, or the bearing not to be  a.  or paying of any taxes,  rates or other  charges by any tenant,

voided by this either by general or fpecial  covenants*  but: that the said taxes,

aft*  rates or other charges, (hall be born and paid by all refpeftive

tenants according to the said covenants and agreements; any thing in this aft to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Me of Wight. XXX. Provided, That this aft, or any thing therein contained, (hall not extend  to  make any  alteration in the ifle of

JVight as to the militia  in  that place,  either to raife horfe of

foot within the said ifland, in any other manner than bath been formerly and is now ufed and praftifed. there. .

Militia of the XXXL Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That whereas the ^>1iSddr,f0n  t^ie  Tower  divifion  in the county of Middlcfex, com*

in Mid efex. monjy known by the name of the Tower hamlets, are and always have been under the command of his Majesty's conftable or lieutenant of the Tower, for the fervice and prefervation of that his royal fort; That it (hall and may be lawful for his Ma-jefty’s conftable or lieutenant of the Tower for the time being, to continue to levy the trained bands of the said divifion or hamlets of the Tower, in fuch manner and form as to the number and quality of perfons, as was obferved in forming the prefent forces thereof; any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

Provifatoucb- XXXII. Provided, That neither this aft, not any matter ot ing com pell- thing therein contained, (hall be deemed, construed or taken to ing men to extend to the giving or declaring of any power for the tranf-

thb kingdom. P0™0!? any  fubjefts of this realm, or any way com-

* pelling them to march out of this kingdom, otherwife than by the laws of England ought to be done.

Peers of the XXXIII. Provided always, and be it Enafted by the au-bc3char°ed t^ority aforefaid, That no peer of this realm (hall be charged ® * with horfe, horfe men and arms, or foot-foldiers and arm*, otherwife, or in any other manner* than is herein after ex-prefled, (that is to fay) that his Majesty,- his heirs arid fuc-ceflors, (hall and may from time to time iflue out commiflion-s under the great feal of England, to fo many’ peers (not fewer than twelve) as his Majesty, his heirs and fiiceeffors (hall think fit, who, or any five or more of them, (hall have power from time to time to aflefs all and every, or any the peers of this realm, according to the limitations and proportions in this aft appointed, for the finding of horfe, horfemen and arms, or foot-foldiers and arms, and for other the purpofes in this aft mentioned, (except the monthly taxes, which are to be levied as is before preferibed in this aft) and (hall have power to put in execution all and every the powers and authorities of this

aft.

 ^.ooQle

47

i66i.] Anno dccimo tettio & quarto Caroli II. £.4?

atf, as well for laying affeflhnents, as impofing of penalties (inr-prifonment of the person of any peer of this realm only excepted ;) which affeffmentor charge fo made, together with fuch penalties as (hall be fo impofed, (imprifonment, as aforefaid, only excepted) (hall be from time to time refpedfively certified to the refpe&ive lieutenants of each county, to the intent that the said charge may be born, and the penalties (not before excepted) levied, according to the intent of this a<ft: (2) and that in cafe there (hall be any default in performance of any thing to be done or paid by any peer by virtue of this a<ft, that then it (hall be lawful for the refpedtive lieutenants and deputy-lieutenants, or any three of them, to caufe diftreffes to be taken for the lame in any of the lands of fuch defaulter within their said counties or limits refpedlively: (3) and in cafe fatisfadlion (hall not be given within the fpace or one week after fuch dif-trefs taken, then fuch diftreffes to be fold for the performance of the said fervice, and the charge incident thereunto, and the overplus (if any be) to be reftored to the owner : (4) and if a tenant of any peer of this realm (hall be diftrained tor fuch default as aforefaid, the tenant fo diftrained is hereby enabled tp deduft the fum levied out of his next rent. See 15 Car. 2. c.4.

CAP. IV.

An act for the uniformity of publick prayers, and adminiftra-iion offacraments? and other rites and ceremonies: and for tfiabUJhing the form of makings ordaining and confecrating bijhops, priefts and deacons in the church of England.

\I7HEREAS in the firjl year of the late J$ueen Elizabeth, This aft e+> VV jhere was one uniform order of common fervice and prayer,forced by 5 mi of the adminijlration of facraments, rites and ceremonies, in the A*10®* c- 5* rnrib of England, (agreeable to the word of God, and ufage of the **x* primitive church) compiled by the reverend bijhops and clergy, fet forth in one book, intituled, The book of common prayer and ad-minftration of facraments, and other rites and ceremonies in the church of England, and enjoined to be ufed by aft of parliament, hldcn in the said firjl year of the said late j|'ueen, intituled, An act 2  CjU

for the uniformity orcommon prayer andlervice in the church, and adminiftration of the facraments, very comfortable to all good people defirous to live in chrijlian convention? and mojl profitable to theefiate of this realm; upon the which the mercy? favour and bkjfing f Almighty God is in no wife fo readily and plentifully poured, as by common prayers, due ufmg of the facraments, and often preaching of the gofpel? with devotion of the hearers; (2) and yet this notwith-/landing? a great number of people in divers parts of this realm? foU lowing their own fenfuality? and living without knowledge ana due fear of God? do wilfully and fchifmatically abjlain and refufe to come -it their parijb churches? and other publick places where common prayer? dminifiraticn of the facraments? and preaching of the word of God is Jed upon the Sundays and other days ordained and appointed to be ie}t and obferved as holy-days; (3) and whereas by the great and

fcan-

48

The King's declaration and com mi f-fion for reviewing the book of common prayer, and alterations to be propounded therein.

Anno decimo terdo & quarto Caroli II. C4. [1662;

fcandalous negleft of minifiets in ufihg the said frier or liturgy fa fat forth and enjoined as aforefaid, great mifihiefs and inconvenienctts, during the times of the late unl/appy troubles, have tnifen and grown, end many people have been led into factions and fchijms, to the great decay and foandal of the reformed religion of the church of England, and to the hazard of mam fouls: (4) for prevention whereof in time to come, for fettling the peace of the church, and for allaying the prefent dijlempers which the indifpofttion of the time hath eontraffed, the King's majefiy, according to his declaration of the five and twentieth of Oftober one thoufandfix hundred and fixty, granted his commiffion under the great feal of England to feveral bijhops and other divines, to review the book of common prayer, and to prepare fitch alterations and additions as they thought fit to offer: and afterwards the convocations of both the provinces of Canterbury and York being by his Majefiy called and afiembled, and now fitting, his Majefiy hath been pleafed to authorize and require the prefidents of the said convocations, and other the bijhops and clergy of the fame, to review the said book of common prayer, and the book of the form and manner of the making and confccrating of bijhops, priefls and deacons : and that after mature consideration they should make fuch additions and alterations in the said books refpeftively, as to them should feem meet and convenient \ and should exhibit and prefent the fame to his Majefiy in writing for his further allowance or confirmation: (5) fine: which time, upon full and mature deliberation, they the said prefix dents, bijhops and clergy of both provinces, have accordingly reviewed the said books, and have made fame alterations which they think fit to be infer ted, to the fame; and feme additional prayers to the Jaii book of common prayer, to be ufca upon proper and emergent occafms \ and have exhibited and prefented the J'ame unto his Majefiy in writing, in one bock, intituled. The book of common prayer and admini-ftration of the facraments, and other rites and ceremonies of the church, according to the use of the church of England, together with the pfalter or pfalms of David, pointed as they are to be fung or said in churches; and the form and manner of making, ordaining and confccrating of bifhops, priefts and deacons : (6) all which his Majefiy having duly confidered\ hath fully approved and allowed the fame, and recommended to this prefent par-liamcnt. That the said books of common prayer, and of the form of ordination and confacration of bijhops, priefis and deacons, with the alterations and additions which have been fa made and prefented t$ his Majefiy by the said convocations, be the book which Jhall be appointed to be ufad by all that officiate in all cathedral and collegiate churches and chapels, and in all chapels of colleges and halls in both the univerfities, and the colleges of Eaton and Wincheftcr, and in all parish churches and chapels within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town 0/Berwick upon Tweed, and by all that make or confecrate bijhops, priefis or deacons* in any of the said places, under fuch fantims and penalties as the houfes of parliament Jhall think Jit.

IL Now in regard that nothing conducetk more to the fettling of the peace of this nation, (which is dtfired of all good men) nor to the

honour

 CjOOQle

49

166t.] Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.4.

honour of our religion, and the propagation thereof, than an univerfal agreement in the publici worjhip of Almighty God j and to the intent that every person within this realm may certainly know the The peace rule to which he is to conform in publick worfliip, and admi- and ?onour of niftration of facraments, and other rites and ceremonies of the advanced'by church of England, and the manner how and by whom bilhops, uniform pfiafts and deacons are and ought to be made, ordained and agreement in coniecratcd 5 (2) be it ena&ed by the King’s moil excellent ?he P^11^ majefty,by the advice and with the confent of the lords fpiri- JSJJj tual and temporal, and of the commons, in this prefent parliament aifembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and fingular minifters in any cathedral, collegiate or parifh church or chapel, or other place of publick worship within this realm of England, dominion of IVales, and town of Berwick up-* on Tweed, mall be bound to fay and use the morning-prayer, evening-prayer, celebration and adminiftration of both the facraments, and all other the publick and common prayer, in fuch order and form as is mentioned in the said book annexed and joined to this prefent a<ft, and intituled. The hook of common The book of prayer and adminiftration of the facraments, and other rite? and ce- common remonies of the church, according to the use of the church of Eng- Pj^rlhaUbe land j together with the pfalter or pfalms of David, pointed as they u c are to be fung or said in churches; and the form or manner of making* ordaining and confecrating of bijhops, priefts and deacons: and that the morning and evening prayers therein contained (hall upon every I/pras day, and upon all other days and occafions and at the times therein appointed, be openly and folemnly read by all and every minifter or curate, in every church, chapel or other place of publick worfliip, within this realm of England and places aforefaid.

III.  And to the end that uniformity in the publick worlhip parfons# of God, (which is fo much defired) may be fpeedily effedled, vicars and # be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That every miniiters to parfbn, vicar or other minifter whatfoever, who now hath and r*ad a"d de-enjoyeth any ecclefiaftical benefice or promotion within this aJ^nMo use realm of England or places aforefaid, (hall in the church, chapel the fame, or place of publick worlhip belonging to his said benefice or promotion, upon fome Lord’s day before the fealt of St. Bar-thalamew which (hall be in the year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, openly, publickly and (olemnly read the morning and evening-prayer appointed to be read by and according to the said book of common prayer at the times thereby appointed; and after fuch reading thereof, (hall openly and publickly before the congregation there aflembled declare his unfeigned aflent and confent to the use of all things in the said book contained and preferibed, in thefe words and no other:

IV.  T A. B .do here declare my unfeigned ajfent and confent to all and JL every thing contained and prefribedin and by the book, intituled.

The book of common prayer and adminiftration of the facra-Voi. VIII.  E  meats,

5°

The penalty for refuting. &3Geo.a.c.*3'

Every person hereafter to be promoted to anyeccle-fiaftical benefice (hall read the common prayer, and declare his aflent thereto.

The penalty for not 16 doing.

% Show. 53.

Incumbents of livings, keeping curates, (nail read the fame once every month.

Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.4. [ ft,

ments, and other rites and ceremonies of the church, according to the use of the church of England; together with the pfalter or pfalms of David, pointed as they are to be fung or said in churches; and the form or manner of making, ordaining and confecrating of bifhops, priefts and deacons.

V.  And that all and every fuch perfon, who fhall (without fome lawful impediment to be allowed and approved of by*hc ordinary of the place) negleft or refufe to do the fame within the time aforefaid, (or in cafe of fuch impediment within one month after fuch impediment removed,) mail ipfo fafto be deprived of all his fpiritual promotions: (2) and that from thenceforth it fhall be lawful to and for all patrons and donors of all and Angular the said fpiritual promotions or of any of them, according to their refpe<5tfve rights and titles, to prefeot or collate to the fame, as though the person or persons fo offending or neglecting were dead.

VI.  And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That every person who fhall hereafter be prefented or collated, or put into any ecclefiaftical benefice or promotion within this realm of England and places aforefaid, fhall in the church, chapel or place of publick worfhip belonging to his said benefice 6r promotion, within two months next after that he fhall be in the aCtual pofleffion of the said ecclefiaftical benefice or promotion, upon fome Lord’s day, openly, publickly and folemnly, read the morning and evening prayers appointed to be read by and according to the said book of common prayer, at the times thereby appoihted ; and after fuch reading thereof fhall openly and publickly, before the congregation there aflembled, declare his unfeigned aflent and confent to the use of all things therein contained and preferibed according to the form before appointed: (2) and that all and every fuch perfon, who fhall (without fome lawful impediment to be allowed and approved by the ordinary of the place) negleCt or refufe to do the fame within the time aforefaid, (or in cafe of fuch impediment within one month after fuch impediment removed) lhall (ipfo faflo) be deprived of all his said ecclefiaftical benefices and promotions: (3) and that from thenceforth it fhall and may be lawful to and for all patrons and donors of all and Angular the said ecclefiaftical benefices and promotions or any of them, according to their refpeftive rights and titles, to prefent or collate to the fame, as though the person or persons fo offending or negle&ing were dead.

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That in all places where the proper incumbent of any parforrage or vicarage, of benefice with cure, doth refide on his living and: keep a curate, the incumbent himfelf in perfon, (not having fome lawful impediment to be allowed by the ordinary of the place) fhall once (at the leaft) in every month, openly and pub-lickly read the common prayers and lervice in and by the said book preferibed, and (it there be occafion) adminifter each cJ

thJ

1662.] Anno dedmo tcrtio & quarto Caroli II. c.4.  51

the facraments and other rites of the church, in the parifh church or chapel, of or belonging to the fame parfonage, vicarage or benefice, in fuch order, manner and form, as in and by the said book is appointed; (2) upon pain to forfeit the fum The penalty of five pounds to the use of the poor of the parifh for every and manner offence, upon convi&ion by confeffion or proof of two credible witnefles upon oath before two juftices of the peace of the coun- ™ 0 oins ty, city of town corporate, where the offence fhall be committed, (which oath the said juftices are hereby impowered to adminifter) and in default of payment within ten days, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the offender, by the warrant of the said juftices, by the church-wardens, or overfeers of the poor of the said parifh, rendring the furolufage to the party*

VIII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That every dean, canon and prebendary of every cathedral or nons, preben-colleeiate church, and all mafters and other heads, fellows, claries, See. chaplains and tutors of or in any college, hall, house of learn- ^all fubfenbe ing or hofpital, and every publick profeflor and reader in either [f0Cn#eC ara~ of the univerfities and in every college elfewhere, and every i5 Car. 2. c.$. parfon, vicar, curate, le&urer and every other person in holy See 12 Ann., orders, and every fchool-mafter keeping any publick or private St^**• c*7* fchool, and every person inftru&ing or teaching any youth in  s? **

any house or private family as a tutor or fchool-mafter, who upon the first day of May which fhall be in the year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred fixty-two, or at any time thereafter, fhall be incumbent or have pofleflion of any deanry, canonry, prebend, mafterfhip, headfliip, fellowfhip, profeflor’s place or reader’s place, parfonage, vicarage or any other ec-cleftaftical dignity or promotion, or of any curate’s place, lecture or fchool, or fhall inftrutft or teach any youth as tutor or fchool-mafter, fhall before the feaft-day or St.* Bartholomew which ffiall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty-two, or at or before his or their refpe&ive admiflion to be incumbent or have pofleflion aforefaid, fubferibe the declaration or acknowledgment following, fcilicety

IX. T A. B. do declare, That it is not lawful upon any pretence what- The declara-X foever, to tale arms againd the King; and that J do abhor that *ion-traiterms pojition of taking arms by his authority againjl his person or against tho/t that are commijfionatcd by him; and that I will conform & m. fc(T. x." to the liturgy of the church of England, as it is now by law ejlablijh- c. 8. f. 11. ed : and / do declare, That I do hold, there lies no obligation upon me oron any other perfon, from the oath commonly called. The foUrnn league and covenant, to endeavour any change or alteration of government either in church or (late; and that the fame was in it Jelf on unlawful oath, and impofed upon the fubjefis of this realm againfl the known laws and liberties of this kingdom.

X.  Which said declaration and acknowledgment fhall be fubferibed by every of the said mafters and other heads, fellows,

E 2  chaplains

The penalty for not fub-fcribing.

School-maf-ters in private houfes.

What to be omitted in the declaration after the 15th of March

i68t.

Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.4. [166a,

chaplains and tutors of or in any college, hall or house of learning, and by every publick profeffor and reader in either of the univerfitics, before the vice-chancellor of the refpe<5live univer-fities for the time being or his deputy: and the said declaration or acknowledgment (hall be fubferibed be’fore the refpeftive archbifhop, bifhop or ordinary of the diocefe, by every other person hereby enjoined to fubferibe the fame; (2) upon pain that all and every of the persons aforefaid failing in fuch fub-feription, (hall lofe and forfeit fuch refpe&ive deanry, canonry, prebend, mafterthip, head (hip, fellowfhip, profeflbr’s place, reader’s place, parfonage, vicarage, ecclefiaftical dignity or promotion, curate’s place, ledhire and fchool, and (hall be utterly difabled, and (ipfofafto) deprived of the fame: (3) and that every fuch refpedtive deanry, canonry, prebend, mafterthip, heamhip, fellow(hip, profeffor’s place, reader’s place, parfonage, vicarage, ecdefiaftical dignity or promotion, curate’s place, lecture and fchool, (hall be void, as if fuch person fo failing were naturally dead.

XI.  And if any fchoolmafter, or other perfon, inftrudingor teaching youth in any private house or family as a tutor or fchool-mafter, (hall inftrud or teach any youtn as a tutor or fchool-mafter, before licence obtained from his refpe&ive arch-bilhop, biftiop, or ordinary of the diocefe, according to the laws and ftatutes of this realm, (for which he thall pay twelve pence only) and before fuch fubfeription and acknowledgment made as aforefaid; then every fuch fchool-mafter and other, inftru<5bng and teaching as aforefaid, (hall for the first offence fuffer three months imprifonment without bail or mainprife; (2) and for every fccond, and other fuch offence, (hall fuffer three months imprifonment without bail or mainprife, and alfo forfeit to his Majesty the fum of five pounds: (3) and after fuch fubfeription made, evenr fuch parfon, vicar, curate and ledhirer, (hall procure a certificate under the hand and feal of the refpe&ive archbifhop, bi(hop or ordinary of the diocefe, (who are hereby enjoined and required upon demand to make and deliver the lame) and (hall publickly and openly read the fame, together with the declaration or acknowledgment aforefaid, upon feme Lord’s day within three months then next following, in his pari(h church where he is to officiate, in thfe prefence of the congregation there affembled, in the time of divine fervice; (4) upon pain that every person failing therein, (hall lofe fuch parfonage, vicarage or benefice, curate’s place, or lecturer’s place refpeflively, and (hall be utterly difabled, and ipfo fafto deprived of the fame; and that the said parfonage, vicarage or benefice, curate’s place, or lecturer’s place, (hall be void as if he was naturally dead.

XII.  Provided always. That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March whicn (hall be in the year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred eighty-two, there (hall be omitted in the said declaration or acknowledgment fo to be fubferibed and read thefe words following, fcilicct:

(2) AND

i  662.]  Anno deamo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.4.

(2) AND I do declare, That I do hold there lies no obligation on A me, or on any other perfony from the oath commonly called, The folemn league and covenant , /<? endeavour any change or alteration of government either in church orJlate> and that the fame was in it-Jetf an unlawful oathx and impofed upon the fubjetls of this realm against the known laws and liberties of this kingdom*

(3) So aj forth be at;

as none of the persons aforefaid (hall from thence-all obliged to. fubfcribe or read that part of the said declaration or acknowledgment.

XIII.  Provided always, and be it enafted, That from and after the feaft of St. Bartholomew, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, no person who is now incumbent, and in poffeftion of any parfonage, vicarage or benefice, and who is not already in holy orders by epifco-

pal ordination, or (hall not before the said feaft-day of Saint Perfon* not Bartholomew be ordained pried or deacon, according to th^rpricftg or dea-form of epifcopal ordination, (hall have, hold or enjoy the said con* accord-* parfonage, vicarage, benefice with cure, or other eccleliaftical ine*to epifeo-promotion within this kingdom of England or the dominion of P*d ordina-fVales^ or town of Berwick upon Tweedy but (hall be utterly dif-abled, and (ipfo folio) deprived of the fame, and all his eede- clefiaftical ' r (radical promotions (hall be void, as if he was naturally dead, promotion.

XIV.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Nor ^

That no person whatfoever (hajl thenceforth be capably to be;fecrateor ad-admitted to any parfonage, vicarage, benefice or other ecple- minifter the fiaftical promotion or dignity whaffoeyer, nor (hall prefume jto holy facra-confecrate and admiriifter the holy facrament of the Lord’s fup-  ^

per, before fuch time as he (hall be ordained prieft according cording to the to the form and manner in and by the said book preferibed, un- book ofcom-Jefs he have formerly been made prieft by epifcopal ordination j “>on prayer. (3) upon pain to forfeit for every offence the funi of one hundred pounds 5 one moiety thereof to the King’s majefty \ the The penalty, other moiety thereof to be equally divided between the poor of

the parifli where the offence (hall be committed^ apd fuch person or persons as (hall fue for the fame by aftipn of debt,* bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majeftv’s CPurts of record, wherein jio elfoin, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed, and to be difabled from taking or being admitted intq the order of prieft, by the fpace of one whole year then pexf following.

XV.  Provided that the penalties in this aft (hall not extend fq the foreigners or aliens of the foreign reformed churches allowed pr to be allowed by the King^s maje(ty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors in England\

XVI.  Provided always* That go title fo eonfer or prefent by lapfe, (hall accrue by any avoidance or deprivation (ipfo

jfafto) by virtue of this ftatute, but after fix months after notice of fuch avoidance or deprivation giyen .by the ordinary to the yatron, or fuch fentence of deprivation openly and publickly.

■ *. ^ v 3  .  fead

Anno decimo tertio 8t quarto CaRoLI II: t^ [1662.

read in the parifh church of the benefice, parfonage or vicarage becoming void, or whereof the incumbent mall be deprived by virtue of this a<9.

No other form XVII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, °n*Ce™to°be ^at no f°rm or orc*er common prayers, adminiftration of openly ufed in facraments, rites or ceremonies, fhall be openly ufed in any any church or church, chapel or other publick place of or in any college or publick*place. hall in either of the. univerfities, the colleges of Wejbninfter, Witichejler or Eaton, or any of them, other than what is pfe-feribed and appointed to be ufed in artd by the laid book ; (a) and that the prefent governor or head of every college and hall in the said univerfities, and of the said colleges of Wefttninpery , Winchejler and Eaton, within one month after the feaft of Saint Bartholomew, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two; and every governor or head of any of the said colleges or1 halls hereafter to be ele&ed or appointed, within one month next after his election or collation, and admiflion into the fame government or headfhip, fhall openly and publickly in the church, chapel, or other ptfb-lick place of the fame college or hall, and in the prefence of the fellows and fcholars of the fame, or the greater part of them Subfcription then refideht, fubferibe unto the nine and thirty articles bf re-to the ar- ]jg*ron- mentioned in the statute made m the thirteenth year of ^lonedTu^he reign the late Queen Elizabeth, and unto the said book, ft*. 13 Elia.. and declare his unfeigrted affent and corifent unto, and appro-wa.  bation of, the said articles, and of the fame book, and to the

"  '  ufe of all the prayers, rites and ceremonies, forms and orders in

the ftid book preferibed and contained, according to ifit forth aforefaid; (3) and that all fuch governors or heads of the fold colleges and halls, or any of them, as are or fhall be '  in holy orders, fhall once (at lean) in every quarter of the year

(not having a lawful impediment; openly and publickly read the morning prayer and fervice in and by the said book ap-pOihted to be read in the church, chapel, or other publick place of the fame college or hall; (4) upon pain to lofe, and be fiif-pttided of and from all the benefits and profits belonging to the {rine government or headfhip, by the lpaee of fix months, by the vifitor or vifftors of the fame college or hall; (5) and if any governor or head of any college or hall, fufpended for not fub-ffcribing unto the said articles and book, or for not reading of the Vnbming prayer and fervice as aforefaid, fhall not at or before the end of fix months next after fuch fufpenfion, fubferibe bfito the said articles and book, and declare his confent thereunto as aforefaid, or read the morning prayer and fervice as aforefaid, then fuch government or headfhip fhall be (ipfo fafto) void.

Who may use ’ XVI1!!. Provided always. That it fhall and may be lawful tain. V1?C m to use the morning and evening prayer, and all other prayers and ftiVice preferibed in and by the said book, in the chapels or otherpublrck places of the refpe£live colleges and halls in both the univerfities, in the* colleges of WeJlMnptr^ Winchejler and Eatony and in the convocations of the clergies of either province,

55

1662.] Anno decimo tertio & quarto CarolI II. c,*.

in Latin; any thing in this a<ft contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

XIX.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

'That no person (hall be or be received as a lecturer, or per- s' mitted, fullered or allowed to preach as a lecturer, or to preach or read any fermon or lecture in any church, chapel, or other place of publick wor(hip, within this realm of England or the dominion of IValeSy and town of Berwick upon Tweedy unlefs he be first approved, and thereunto licenced by the archbithop of the province or bifhop of the diocefe, or (in cafe the fee be void) by the guardian of the fpiritualties, under his feal, and (hall in the prefence of the fame archbiftiop or bi(hop, or guar-dian, read the nine and thirty articles of religion mentioned in the statute of the thirteenth year of the late Queen Elizabeth, ,jEliz.c*i*. with declaration of his unfeigned ailent to the fame; (2) and

that every person and persons who now is, or hereafter (hall be licenced, afiigned and appointed, or received as a le&urer, to preach upon any day of the week in any church, chapel or place of publick wormip within this realm of England or places aforefaid, the first time he preacheth (before his fermon) (hall openly, publickly and folemnly read the common prayers and fervice in and by the said book appointed to be read for that time of the day, and then and there publickly and openly declare hi9 affent unto, and approbation of, the said book, and to the use of all the prayers, rites and ceremonies, forms and orders therein contained and preferibed, according to the form before appointed in this a&; (3) and alfo (hall upon the firft; le&ure-day of every month afterwards, fo long as he continues le&urer or preacher there, at the place appointed for his said le&ure or fermon, before his (aid taftore or fermon, openly, publickly and folemnly. read the common prayers and fervice 10 and by the said book appointed to be read for that time of the day at which the said le&ure or fermon is to be preached, and after fuch reading thereof (hall openly and publickly, before the congregation there aftetnbled, declare his unfeigned aflent and conlent unto, and approbation of, the said book, and to the use of all the prayers, rites and ceremonies, forms and orders therein contained and preferibed, according to the form aforefaid ; (4) and that all and every fuch person and persons who (hall negledl or refufe to do the fame, (hall from thenceforth be difabled to preach the said or any other le&ure or fermon in the said or any other church, chapel or place of publick wor-(hip, until fuch time as he and they (hall openly, publickly and folemnly read the common prayers and fervice appointed by the said book, and conform in all points to the things therein appointed and preferibed, according to the purport, true intent and meaning of this a&.

XX.  Provided always, That if the said fermon or letfture Lefture* in be to be preached or read in any cathedral or collegiate church cathedral or or chapel, it (hall bf fufficient for the said lecturer, openly

at the time aforefaid, to declare his aflent and confent to all c

E 4  things

 LjOOQ le

56

Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.4.  [1662.

things contained in the said book, according to the form afore-faid.

The penalty XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any person who is by this ad difabled to preach any preach, * ledure or (ermon, (hall during the time that he (hall continue Explained by and remain fo difabled, preach any fermon or ledure; that 15 Car. %. c. 6. then for every fuch offence, the person and persons fo offend-f 7*  ing (hall fuffer three months imprifonment in the common gaol

without bail or mainprize; (2) and that any two juftices of the peace of any county of this kingdom and places aforefaid, and the mayor or other chief magiftrate of any city or town corporate within the fame, upon certificate from the ordinary of the place made to him or them of the offence committed, lhall and are hereby required to commit the person or persons fo offending, to the gaol of the fame county, city or town corporate accordingly.

Common  XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the

rcadlbctbrc  authority aforefaid. That at all and every time and times when

every lefture, any fermon or ledure is to be preached, the common prayers and the leftu- and fervice in and by the said book appointed to be read for rer to be pre- that time Qf the day (hall be openly, publickly and folemnly read icilt*  by fome prieft or deacon, in the church, chapel or place of

publick worlhip, where the said fermon or ledure is to be preached, before fuch fermon or ledure be preached, and that the ledurer then to preach (hall be prefent at the reading thereof.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, That this ad (hall not extend Provifo for to the univerfity churches in the univerfities of this realm, or fermons and either of them, when or at fuch times as any fermon or ledure

uSverfitiesthe *s Prcac^e^ or rea^ *n *he said churches, or any of them, for v 1 or as the publick univerfity fermon or ledure; but that the fame fermons and ledures may be preached or read in fuch fort and manner as the fame have been heretofore preached or read ; this ad, or any thing herein contained, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

The law* and XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afbre-mer^made  That  the  feveral good laws and ftatutes of this realm,

fbr\ini(brraity which have been formerly made, and are now in force, for the pf common uniformity of prayer and adminiftration of the facraments, prayer, con- within this realm of England and places aforefaid, (hall (land

be^xecutedt0 In ^ ^orce an<*  to  *ntents  and purpofes whatfo-

ftVpuniihing ever> f°r r^e ellablifhing and confirming of the said book, in-offenders a- tituled, The book of common prayer and adminiflration of the faera-gaipft this law. mentis and other rites and ceremonies of the church, according to the tefe of the church of England ; together with the pfalter or pfalms of David, pointed as they are to be fung or jaid in churches, and the form or manner of makings ordaining and confecrating of bifbops, prie/ls and deacons,. herein before mentioned to be joined and annexed to this ad; and (hall be applied, pradifed and put in ure for the punifhing of all offences contrary to the said laws, with relation to the book aforefaid, and no other.

XXV. Pro-

 v^.ooQle

1662.] Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.4.  57

XXV.  Provided always, and be it further enabled by the Litanies and authority aforefaid, That in all those prayers, litanies and col- collefts J‘elat-le&s, which do any way relate to the King, Queen or royal Kmg?Queen, progeny, the names be altered and changed from time to time, &c.

and fitted to the prefent occafion, according to the direction of lawful authority.

XXVI.  Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed by the authority a- True printed, forefaid, That a true printed copy of the said book, intituled, copies of the The book of common prayer and adminijlration of tbefacramtnts, and k00* of co™‘ other rites and ceremonies of the churchy according to the use of the £r°proJiled in church of England, together with the pfiilter or pfalms of David, till pariOies and pointed as they are to be fung or said in churches, and the form and churches. manner of makings ordaining and confiscating of bijbopsy priejls and

deacons, (hall at the cods and charges of the pferifhioiters of * .  -

every parifh church and chapelry, cathedral church, college and haft be attained and gotten before the feaft-day of Saint Bartholomew in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fix-ty and two; upon pain of forfeiture of three pounds by the month, for fo long time as they (hall then after be unprovided thereof, by every parifh or chapelry, cathedral church, college and hall, making default therein.

XXVII.  Provided always, and be it enabled by the autho-ip^jfofQj. thc rity aforefaid. That the bifhops of Hereford, St. David1r, Afaph, bifhops of He-Bangor and Landaff, and their fucceffors, (hall take fuch or-l refold, St. Da-der among themfelves, for the fouls health of the flocks com-™1’8’ AfaPh» rained to their charge within Wales, that the book hereunto^ annexed be truly and exa&ly tranflated into the Brilijh or

Weljh tongue; and that the fame fo tranflated, and being by them, or any three of them at the leaf!, viewed, perufed and allowed, be imprinted to fuch number at leaft, fo that one of the said books fo tranflated and imprinted, may be had for every cathedral, collegiate and parifh church, and chapel of eafe, in the feid refpe&ive diocefes and places in Wales* Iwherd the IVelJh is commonly fpoken or ufed, before the first day of May one thoufand fix hundred fixty-fivej (2) and that from and after the imprinting and pubhfhing of the said bode fa tranflated, the whole divine fervice (hall be ufed and said by the minifters and curates throughout all Wales within the (aid diocefes where the Weljh tongue is commonly ufed, in the Bri-tijh or Weljh tongue; in fuch manner and form as is preferibed according to the book hereunto annexed to be ufed in the Eng-iifh tongue, differing nothing fo any order or form from the said Englijb book ; tor which book, fo tranflated and imprinted, the church-wardens of every the said parHhes fhalf pay out of the parHh money in their hands for the use of the refpc6tive churches, and be allowed the fame on their account , and that the said bifhops and their fucceffors, or any three of them at the leaft, (hall fet and appoint the price for which the fakfbook lhall be fold: (3) and one other book of coramon prayer in the Englijb tongue fhall be bought and had in every church throughout Wales*) in which the book df common prayer in

 v^.ooQle

5& Anno decirao tcrtio & quarto Caroli IL c.4.  [1661.

b to be had by force of this aII, before the first day of flddy one thoufand fix hundred fixty and four, and the lame books to remain in fuch convenient places within the hid churches, that fuch as underhand them may refort at all convenient times to read and perufe the fame, and alfo fuch as do not underhand the said language, may by conferring both tongues together, the foqner attain to the knowledge of the Englijb tongue; any thing in this ad to the contrary notwitb-handing: (4) and until printed copies of the said book fo to be tranflated may be had and provided, the form of common prayer ehablihied by parliament before the making of this alt, (hall be ufed as formerly in fuch parts of Wales where the Englijb tongue is not commonly underhood.

True and per- XXVIII. And to the end that the true and perfdt copies of fe& copies of this alt, and the (aid book hereunto annexed, may be fofely tbis^and kept and perpetually preferved, and for the avoiding of alldif-commonpray- Putcs ^or  to come> (2) be it therefore enalted by the

er, by whom," authority aforefaid. That the refpeltive deans and chapters of and how to be every cathedral or collegiate church within England and Wetes had and kept, (hall at their proper cofts and charges, before the twenty-fifth day of December one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, obtain under the great feal of England a true and perfelt printed copy of this alt, and of the said book annexed hereunto, to be by the said deans and chapters, and their fuccefiors, kept and preferved in fafety for ever, and to be alfo produced and (hewed forth in any court of record, as often as they (hall be thereunto lawfully required; (3) and alfo there (ball be delivered true and perfelt copies of this alt and of the fame book, into the refpeltive courts at Wejlminjler, and into the tower of Lei1-den, to be kept and preferved for ever among the records of the said courts, and the records of the tower, to be alfo produced and (hewed forth in any court, as need (hall require;

(4)  which said books fo to be exemplified under the great feal of England, (hall be examined by fuch perfoos as the King's majefty (hall appoint, under the great feal of England, for that purpoie, and foal! be compared with the original book hereunto annexed, and (hall have power to correlt and amend io writing any error committed by the printer in the printing of the fame book, or of any thing therein contained, and mall certify in writing under their hands and feals, or the hands an^ feals of any three of them, at the end of the fame book, that; they have examined and compared the fame book, and find it to be a true and perfdt copy; (c) which (aid books, and every one of them, fo cxemplifiea under the great feal of England as aforefaid, (hall be deemed, taken, adjudged and expounded qj be good and available in the law, to all intents and purpofc( whatsoever, and (hall be accounted as good records as this boofe it felf hereunto annexed; any law or cuftom to the contrary ini any wife notwithftanding.

Provifb for the  XXIX. Provided alfo. That this ad, nor any thing therein

King s profef- contained, (hall not be prejudicial or hurtfol mto the King#

pro*!

662.] Anno decimo tertio & quarto CAroli II. C.4.  59

rofeffor of the law within the univerfity of Oxford, for or con- Jor of law in •ming the prebend of Shipton within the cathedral church of 0xrord# orum, United and annexed unto the place of the fame King's rofeffor for the time being by the late King James of blefled lemory*

XXa. Provided always. That whereas the fix and thirtieth Provifo con-rticle of the nine and thirty articles agreed upon by the cerning the rchbifhops and biftiops of both provinces, and the whole ^ce/^nthe ergv, in the convocation holden at London in the year of ®onvocatjon> tir Lord one thoufand five hundred fixty-two, for the a-anno 1561. aiding of diverfities of opinions, and for eftablifhing of )nfent touching true religion, is in thefe words following, iz.

■ •

(2)4< Thai the hook' of confecralien of archbijhops and biJhops% and 1 ordaining ofpriefis end deacons, lately fet forth in the time of King Edward the Sixth, and confirmed at the fame time by authority of : parliamenty doth contain all things tiecejfary to fuch confecration and ordaining, neither hath ft any thing that of it felf is fu~ perfiitious and ungodly: and therefore whofoever are confccrated or ' ordered according to the rites of that booty find the fecond year

XXXI,  It be enacted; and be it therefore enatfed by the othority aforefeidy That aif fubferiptions' hereafter to be had rmade Unto ttfe raid articles byany deacon, prieft or ecclefiaf-fcai perfoh? or other perfoh^hatroever, who by this a<Tr, or ny other law now in force, h required to fubferibe unto the lid articles, fhall be confonied, and be taken to extend, and hall be applied (for and touching the said fix and thirtieth ar-c!e) onto the book containing the form and manner of mak-lg, ordaining and confecraring of bifhops, prietts and deacons,

1 this mentioned, ih fdch fort and manner as the fame did eretofore extend unto the book fet forth in the time of King \c.ward the Sixth, mentioned' in the said fix and thirtieth arti-le; anything in the said article, Of in any ftatute, a<5t or ca-on heretofore had or made, to the contrary thereof in any wife otwithftanding.f

XXXII.  Provided alfo, That the book Of common prayer, The common

nd adminifiration of the facratnehts,’ and other rites and cere- prayer ufed by nonife^ of* this church of Englandy together with the form and p^ament.* nnnnef of ordaining and confecrating bifhops, priefts and dea- , c# . ons, heretofore in ufe, and refpedivelv eftablifhed by a<5t of 2 JEJiz. c. i. arliament in the first and eighth years ot Queen Elizabeth, (hall  be ufed un.

* ftilf ufed and obferved in the church of Englandy until the

eaft of St. Bartholomew) which (hall be in the year of our Lord exp. jod one rtloufand fix hundred $xty and two, EXP. as to this

fi claufe, ’

CAP.

6a

Anno decimo certio & quarto CAROLrII. c.5.  [1662.'

CAP. V.

An a5t for regulating the making of fluffs in Norfolk and

Norwich.

W

HERE AS divers abufes and'deceits have of late years been had and ufed in the making of worfteds* and other fluffs com-

monly called Norwich fluffs* and in the reeling of yarns* whereof the said fluffs are either wholly i

The number .of wardens and affiftants of mailer weavers in

be chofen.

or in part made* ivhicb tends to the de-baflng 'of the said manufacture* unto the prejudice of the publicl * (2) which said trade of weaving of (luffs bath of late times been very much increafedy ana great variety of new forts of (luffs have been inventedi fo that the power given by the statute of the feventh of Ed-7 Ed. 4. c. 1. ward the Fourth* chapter the fit ft* is not fuffiaent for the regulating of the fame \ (3) and that the number of thewardens by the fame a8 appointed* being but eight* are too few for the governing and ordering the fame trade; by which means the fame manufacture will foon be loft* (if not prevented) and carried into foreign nations* to the great diminution of his Majeflys cuftoms* and turning out of work many thoufands of poor people: .

II. For prevention of which abufes, deceits and evils, it is enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons,

_____________ aflembled  in parliament, and by the authority of the fiune,

Norwich, how That there aw be twelve wardens and thirty affiftants, all and when to which are to be mailer weavers within the county of the city of Norwich and cpiunty of Norfolk \ (1) fix of which (aid wardens and fifteen of the laid affiftants fhall be chofen the first Monday after Pentecoft in the year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, and from thence yearly and every year on the next Monday after Pentecoft* at ibme publiek place, by the mailer weavers, or the greater part of them prefent, of Ac feid city and county of Norwich; (3) and the other fix wardens and fifteen affiftants fhall be chofen upon the fame day yearly within the city of Norwich or county of Norfolk* in fome pub-lick place, by the mailer weavers, or the greater part of them prefent, of the county of Norfolk: (4) and the laid wardens refpedtively fhall within fourteen days after they ihali be fo chofen or eledled, and notice thereof given, take the oath ending, to be adminiftred by the mayor of the said city for the time being, or his deputy, and the fteward of the duchy of iMncafler within the said epunty for the time being, if it ihali happen the said fteward ihali be there prefent, or elfe before the said mayor or hi$ deputy only * which oath theyaqd every of them are hereby authorized and required from time to time to adminifter accordingly, yiz. / A-B. do fwear* That 1 will well* faithfully and honejuy perform and difcharge the office of a warden of the said trade of worflsd wavers* according to the bejl of my Jlill* power and knowledge : (5) and .that the said affiftants, and every of them, within tfye time aforefaid ihali take the like oath before fuch person or persons before whom the wardens

ihali

The oath to be taken by them.

i66t.] Anno derimo tcrtio & quarto Caroli II. c.5.  61

Hull be fwom for the execution of that office of an affiftant;

(6)  and that if it (hall happen that any of the laid wardens who (hall be fo chofen, (hall refufe to take the said oath, or after he be fwom (hall die before the end ot the year, that then from time to time, fo often as need (hall be, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the matter-weavers of the (aid city, county of the city of Norwich and county of Norfolk refpe&ively, as the daufe (hall require, to choofe other warden or-wardens in the place of him or them fo dying or refufing? who (hall be fwom in foch manner as aforeuid.

III.  And for the regulation and good government of the said The powers in trade and manufacture, the said wardens and affiitants, or any this aCl for re-thirteen of them, whereof feven to be wardens, (hall and may

from time to time meet and confult together for the good and jn execution? benefit of the (aid trade and manufacture, and for the due execution of the powers and authorities given by this a6t, fo often as to them (hall feem expedient, or when it (hall be defired by eight or more of the said affiftants, at the place called IVeaur m-batt in the said city, or at fuch other place as they (hall think fit: (2) and that any thirteen or more of the laid wardens and affiftants, whereof feven at the lead to be wardens, (hall have and hereby have power and authority from time to time, lb often as need (hall require, to make and ordain by-laws, rules and ordinances, for and concerning the regulation of the Power to make laid worded fluffs, and other (luffs now made, and which by-laws and hereafter (hi! be made, within the said city and county ofordcrs-the city of Norwich, and county of Norfolk, and in either of them, both in length, breadth and goodnefs, and of fuch other particulars as (hall by the said wardens and affiftants lb met, or the greater number of them, from time to time be adjudged requifite, for the better regulating the said trade and manufacture, and the artificers of the fame, in the due execution of this aCl (and to make feals from time to time for the fealing of the fame duffs ;) (3) which by-laws, rules and ordinances, being ratified and confirmed by the mayor, and two juftices of the peace of the said city and county of Norwich for the time being, and three other juftices of the peace of the said county of Norfolk (whereof one to be of the quorum) (hall To be puWIiih-be publilhed four times in the year at the lead, at four pub- li^ied at four lick aiiemblies for the said trade and manufacture, and (hall be Je^ld^cail obeyed and kept by the feveral persons within and under the e yeai y* said regulation.

IV.  And the said wardens and affiftants (hall have and hereby The penalty

have power to impofe a fine or penalty upon any person or persons upon offend-

under fuch regulation, as (hall not conform to fuch rules, orders &$ againft

and ordinances, fo made and to be made and confirmed as afore^ fuc!1 byrlaw#

and orders.

V.  Provided that the said fine or penalty upon any person for not conforming as aforefaid, ihall not exceed the fum of ten (hillings for any one offence.

VI.  And it is further enaCted, That the wardens and affift- Noticeofmeet-

ants ing by the city

 t^ooQle

62 Anno dedmo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.5.  1661.

of Norwich to ant$ of the Aid city aod county of the city of Norwich, (hall wardens of the *** t0-tiB1C give perfonal notice unto the wardens of the

county of Nor. Wd county of Norfolk or two of them at the leaft, of the time folk.  when  they  intend  to confider of the making of by-laws, rules

and ordinances as aforefaid, and (hall fet it up in writing upon the door of their fcaling-hall, fourteen days at the leaft before they (hall proceed to the making the fame; to the end, that fuch of the said country weavers as are therein concerned may be there prefent.

YaSs/allcd VII. And for the better regulation and carrying on the work b^tobycamS> af°refa^» and for avoiding of all frauds and deceits therein, be

made.

View and

fcarch to be made of manufactures in

it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all yams called wcrfied-yams, and fuch other yarns as are commonly ufed by the worded-weavers, (hall bfe made without fraud, and (hall be reeled on a reel of a full yard about, and every reel-fhff (hall contain fourteen leas, and every lea forty threds, twelve of which reel-daffs (hall make a dozen, and twelve of thofc dozens (hall make a grofs: and in cafe any person or perions (hall fell or expofe to fale, any of the (aid yams made and reel-ed in any other manner than as is aforefaid; that then every fuch perion or persons (hall forfeit the moiety of the value of the said yams to the use of the (aid trade and m&nufa&urcs, after charges of fuit and of pnofecution fird deduced out of the fame; which forfeiture (hall be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, indidment or information, in any of the King’s majcf-ty’s courts of record, wherein no wager of law, edbin or protection (hall he allowed for the defendant.

VIII. And that it (hall and may be lawful to and for the wardens and aflidantsof the said trade and manufadures or any two of them, from time to time to view and fearch itv all fain

fairs and mar- and markets and other publick places of fale of yarns within

kets.

the said city of No7*wich and county of the feme, and county of Norfolk, and either of them, all yarns which (hall be there ex-pofed to fale ; (ct) and fuch of the said yarns as they (hall find defective, contrary to the rules herein before fet, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the feme wardens and affilV ants or any two of them, to feize the fame yams, and bring the fame within twenty days next after the feizure thereof, to trial by a jury, and to be proceeded in and fined in fuch manner and form as in this prefent ad is limited and appointed for defedive (luffs; which said jury (hall have and hereby have power to fet fuch fine or fines upon the said yarns, as they' (hall in their diferetions fee caufe; the fame fines not to exceed the moiety of the yam fo found defedive; (3) and the fame fines to go to the poor of the fame trade and manufadure as a-forefeid.

IX.  Provided always, That no person or persons (hall be doubly punilhed for any one offence touching yams (that is to fay) by this and the former claufe in this ad.

X.  And it is hereby further enaded. That all forts of ftuffs, ftufo »nd wea- whether woven of woolen only or of wool and other materials,

within

All woollen

i6fe.] Anno dcctmo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.5,  63

within the city and county of Norwich and the county of Nor- vcrs t0 be un-tad the makers and weavers of the fame (luffs, (hall ^vernmci^of under the power, government and regulation of the said war- JjfSid^ar-dens and affillants, in fuch manner as by this and other alls dens and af-of parliament, and the by-laws made and to be made by vir- fiftants. toe thereof, are or (hall be e(labli(hed, (except fuch (luffs as ire under the regulation of the wardens and fellowffrip of the ■yftery of ruffel-fattens, fattens-reverfes and fuftians of Nor-wri-making, within the city of Norwich:) (2) and that all tuffs made and to be made under the regulation aforefaid, before the feme (hall be offered or put to fate, (hall be brought to weavers-hall for the time being within the county of the city of Nfrwicb) to be viewed and fearched by the said wardens or any two of them; (3) and if the fame (nail be found to be well tod fuffiriently made and wrought according'to the rules and Good and fuf-ordinances of the said trade, then all fuch (luffs (hall be by the ficicnt (hall be wardens, or any two of them, fealed and allowed according- ******* ly, without any fum of money paid or to be paid for the fame;

(4)  and if upon fearch and view thereof, any fuch (luffs (hall DcfcfHveftuffs be found and appear to be defective, contrary to the rules and be feized ordinances of the said wardens and afMants; then all fuch de- a"d tricd by fcftive (luffs fha!l be feized by the said wardens or any two ofa ,ury*

Acm, and tried by a jury of twelve artificers of the said regulation of worfted-weavers, fix whereof to be of the city of Nor-mob, and fix to be of the county of Norfolk, who (hall be from time to rime impanelled by a precept under the hand and feal of the mayor of the city of Norwich for the time being or his deputy; (5) and if any who (hall be fo impanelled (hall fail in appearance, the number to be made up either of the mafter-weavers of the city of Norwich or of the county of Norfolk, by a precept from the said mayor; (6) which jury fo impanelled or taken and fworn before the mayor of the said city for the time being, (hall try the said (luffs, and find whether they be made according to this a6l and the by-laws and ordinances made by virtue thereof or of any other a6l of parliament; (7) and (hall have power to impofe~a moderate fine according to the nature of the offence, not exceeding the moiety of the value of the defective (luffs fo feized and tried, the fame fines to go to the use of the trade and manufacture; (8) and those (luffs which (hall be found defective to be detained until the fine or fines fet upon them by the juiy be paid; (9) which if the owner of the fame (luffs (hall not pay to the said wardens or fome of them, within forty days after the trial, then the fame fluffs to be fold by any two of the said wardens, and the overplus of the monies thereof coming after the fines deduced to be rdlorcd to the owner upon demand.

XL And it is further enabled. That if any warden or war-The penalty dens (hall at any rime feal, or caufe to be fealed, any fluffs for (ealing made under the said regulation which (hall afterwards be diMefc&ive miffs, covered by any person to be defective, contrary to this prefent a & and the by-laws, rules and ordinances thereupon made or

here-

 v^.ooQle

A

64

Pcr(bn« ton. juftly molefted to have double diinages.

Notoe iflay buy fluffs unfealed. Saving for tbe King's auU nagCi

The penalty for buying unfealed (tuffs.

The penalty for counter-

Anna decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. C.5.  [i^p.

hereafter to be made, or any of them, and found fo to be by a jury of twelve artificers of the said trade, from time td time to be impanelled and fwom before the said mayor or his deputy, and the said fteward of the duchy of Lancafhr for the time being if he be there prefent, and if the said fteward be abfent, then before the said mayor or his deputy only, of which jury fix (hall be of the said city weavers, and the other fix of the said country weavers, who (hall have and hereby have power to fet and impofe a fine upon the warden or wardens ot the said trade offending, for eveiy piece of defedhve fluff fo fealed, as the fame jury in their diicretions (hall think fit; the fame fine not exceeding the fum of forty (hillings, which (hall be to the use of the King’s majefty; (2) and that the fame jury or any other fuch like jury from time to time to be impanelled by and fwom before the persons aforefaid, or any of them, (hall like-wife enquire into all and eveFy other the frauds, abufes jyid mifearriages of the wardens and affiftants and every of them, in the execution of their offices, and correct and punifti them and every of them for their feveral offences, in fuch manner as is herein before mentioned to be done against any other offenders who are under the said regulation.

XII.  Provided, That if the said wardens or any of them (hall be unjuftly molefted, and that if fuch fluffs upon trial (hall be found by the jury to be good and duly made, or that they or the affiftants, or any of them, are not guilty of any fuch frauds, mifearriages or abufes, as they are complained of for, the person or persons fo caufelefly molefting (hall pay to the wardens or affiftants or any of them fo unjuftly moleftea, double the damages they or any of them (hall or may fuftain by any fuch moleftation.

XIII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall not be lawful for any person or persons to buy any piece or pieces of fluffs before the fame be fealed by the wardens of the said trade: faving to the King’s majefty, hit heirs and fuccefiors, all fuch right of cuftoms, fubiidies ai aulnage of Norfolk and Norwich fluffs or worfteds or any them, as he or they might lawfully have claimed before ti making of this a (ft: (2) and that if any piece or pieces of ftufl (hall be found in the poffeffion of any person or persons unfeal ed, except in the poffeffion of the farft owner or maker them of, the person or persons in whofe cuftody the fame (hall bj found, (nail be adjudged guilty of deceit, and (hall forfeit fq every fuch piece of fluff which be fo found in his or their po$ feffion unfealed as aforefaid, the fum of four (hillings; (3 and the maker and feller of the fame who (hall deliver the fan* out of his or their poffeffion before the fame be feat (hall likewife forfeit for1 every fuch piece, other four lings, to the use of the poor of the said trade and manu failure.

XIV.  And that if any person (hall counterfeit any feal the said trade, or (hall leal any piece of* fluff under the

lath

\662.] Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.5.  65

lation with any counterfeit feal, or (hall remove a feal off one^eiting any piece, and fet it unto another piece which hath not been by the wardens, every person fo offending and being thereof convidted by his own confeflion, or by the oath of two or more witnefles, to be taken before the mayor of the said city or his deputy, or any one iuftice of the peace of the city of Norwich or county of Norfolk, who refpedlively have hereby power to adminifter an oath for that purpofe, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds of lawful Englijh money, to the use of the King's majefty.

XV.  And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. None may use That no person or persons (hall use or exercise the fame trade *he fc,dtrade as a weaver, unlefs he hath ferved to the fame trade as an ap-haic been apprentice by the fpace of feven years; (2) upon pain of forfeit-prenticesfeven ing forty (hillings for every month he (hall use or exercise theyears.

fame trade, not having ferved thereunto as aforefaid; the one rhc penalty, half thereof to the King's majefty, and the other half thereof to the person or persons who will fue or profecute for the fame by adtionof debt, bill, plaint, indictment or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record.

XVI.  And that every person under the said regulation (hall Every one (hall weave his proper (luff-mark into every piece of ftuff which he weave his own (hall weave or caufe to be woven, at the head-end of the fame™afkin his piece; upon pain of forfeiting three (hillings for every piecellu *

that (hall be woven without fuch mark, to the use of the poor of the said trade and manufacture.

XVII.  And the said wardens and afllftants, or any two or The wardens more of them, (hall have and hereby have power to enter into and aflittants andfearch the houfes and work-houfes of any artificers within JJ^c*nt^rk-the city of Norwich and county of Norfolk under the regulation houfes’and

of the said wardens and afllftants, and the (hops, houfes and ware-houfesto ware-houfes of any merchant, common buyer, dealer in and fearch (tuffs, retailer of any of the said fluffs, and into the house and work-houfe of any dyer, fheer-man, callender, or other workman’s house and place of fale and dreffing of the said fluffs, at all times of the day and ufual times of working, and may there fearch and view the (luffs there found, whether they be ordered and made according to this prefent aCt, and the laws, orders and ordinances of the said trade; (2) and that if any fuch ftuff as Faulty and dc aforefaid (hall be found faulty or defective, that then they, or festive duffs to any two of them, (hall feize, take and carry aw ay the fame, to^ ffciztd a«d be ordered and brought to trial, and proceeded againft, in man-tricd* ner and form as is before in this prefent adl mentioned and appointed for defective (luffs.;*

XVIII.  And for the better providing that poor journeymen Provifo for who have ferved in the said trade, and are not able to fet up for poor journey-themfelves, may be imployed in work, it is hereby enabled,raen*

That whatfoever person under the regulation of the said trade, who (hall imploy two apprentices in the said trade, (hall like-wife imploy and fet on work two journeymen in the said trade, during the time he imploys two apprentices; (2) and that no Vol. VIII.  F  mafter-

Penalty upon fuch as (hall refufe or hinder the execution.

The penalty

66 Anno decimo tertio & quarto CAROLIII. C.5.  [1662.

mafter-weaver under the regulation of the said trade, (hall at any time have, imploy or let on work above two apprentices, or any week-boy, to weave in a loom in the said trade in wor-lled-weaving, upon pain that every person (hall forfeit for every month fo offending as aforefaid, the furn of five pounds to the use of the King's majefty.

Obedience and XIX. And be it further enafted, That all perfbns who are conformity to or may be concerned in any thing contained in this prefcnt this aft. aft, are hereby ftrickly enjoined and required to yield due obedience thereunto, according to the true intent and meaning of this prefent aft; (a) and that if any person or persons mall refufe, hinder or will not permit the said wardens or affiftants, or any two or more of them, to execute their office according to the tenor of this aft ; that then every person fo offending, being thereof convifted by the oath of one or more credible witneffes, before the mayor of the said city or his deputy, or any one juftice of peace of the said city of Norwich, or county of Norfolk refpeftively, who are hereby authorized to admimfter fuch oath, (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings to the use of the King’s majefty.

XX. And if any person lawfully fummoned to appear upon for not appear- any jury or trial, according to the tenor of this aft, (hall refufe

Ivor triaiaiU*or^cg^e<^ to aPPear an(* proceed upon the feme, every person ™  fo  refufing  or  neglefting (hall forfeit for eyery fuch neglect or

refufal the fum of five (hillings, to the use ot the poor of the said trade and manufafture: (2) which said penalties and forfeitures, together with all other fines and penalties which are appointed to go to the poor of the trade and manufacture or for the use thereof, mentioned in this aft, the means of recovery of which is not already otherwife herein provided and let forth, (hall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant to be granted by the said mayor, or his deputy for the time being, or any one juftice of peace ot the city of Norwich or county of Norfolk, rendring the overplus of fuch diftrefs to the owner thereof, if any (hall be, and the fame (hall be by him demanded, or otherwife to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, indiftment or information, in any hm Majesty’s courts of record, wherein no wager of law, cf-foin or protection (hall be allowed to the defendant as aforefaid.

No weaving of XXI. And whereas the cujlom hath been retained tune out if mind, and found expedient, that there should be a cejfation of weaving every year in the time of harvejly in regard the fpinners of \srt. which the said weavers do ufe, are aL that time chiefly imployei harvefl^work, be it enafted. That no weaver under the regulation of the said trade and manufafture, (hall fet any loom on work for the weaving of any ftuffs under the said regulation, in the time of harveft yearly, from the fifteenth day of Auzuil in .every year until the fifteenth day of September then next following, upon pain of forfeiting to the King’s majefty the fum of forty

2

Ituft's in time of harveft.

■v

1662.] Annodecimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c. 6.  -67

ty (hillings for every loom which (hall be ufed in work within the (aid time.

XXII.  And be it further enaefted by the authority afore- True accounts

(aid, That a true account (hall be made at the four aftemblies to be made at (to be held quarterly as afore(aid) by the wardens, before the the four affcm-mayor of the city of Norwich for the time being, and one of  nW

the juftices of the peace of the laid city and county of Nonvich,

and two juftices of the peace of the county of Norfolk, of all loch fines and forfeitures as (hall be received and had, belonging to the said trade and manufacture, and of the neceflary charges and dilburfements touching the fame trade and manu-faStore; (2) and that the overplus which (hall remain after the hid neceflary charges and di(burfements are deducted, (hall be divided into two equal parts; the one moiety thereof to be dif-pofed of by the wardens and affiftants of the said city of Nor-wich) or the greater part of them; and the other moiety thereof by the wardens and affiftants of the said county of Norfolk, or the greater part of them, for the use of the poor of the said trade and manufacture, in fuch manner as the said mayor and jufticesaforefaid refpedtively (hall order and direct, and no other; any thing in this act to the contrary thereof in any wife not-, vithftanding.

XXIII.  And that ail mayors, juftices, (hcriffs, bailiffs, con-All mayors,.

fables, and all other officers, (hall be aiding and affifting to bailiffs. &c. to the said wardens and affiftants, or any of them, as often as they  and

(hail be thereunto required : (2) and in all actions and fuits jn a&io*ns the that (hall be brought against any person and perfons, for acting defendant may in any thing according to the true intent and meaning of this plead the ge-ad,the person or persons fo fued or molefted, (half or may plead neral ^ue*

the general iffue of not guilty, and give the fpecial matter in e-vidence ; (3) and (hall recover double cofts in every fuch cafe, Double cofts, if the verdict pafs for fuch person or perfons, or that the plaintiff or plaintiffs be nonfuit therein.

XXIV.  Provided always. That this act, nor any thing Provifo for therein contained, (hall extend to' compel the weavers of the weav*rs towns of great Yarmouth and Lynn in the said county of Nor- ^ou^andr"

to bring their wares to Norwich to be fealed, or be preju- Lynn, dicial to the weavers of the said towns, or either of them, to deprive them or either of them of fuch liberties or privileges as are granted unto them by an aeft of parliament made in the four- 14. & 15 H. teenth year of King Henry the Eighth, or by any other act of c. 3. parliament, or grant or charter whatfoever. This aeft to begin and take effeeft from the fifteenth day of May one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two.

CAP. VI.

An act for enlarging and repairing of common highways-  ?4&i 5H.S.C.&

Surveyor* of the highways, to be chofen y early the Monday or Tuesday in 2 & 3 Ph.&M« Eafter week. The duty of the furreyors. How and upon whom to lay af- c> g. fciTment for mending or enlarging the highways. The f'Urveyors may a»Car.a.c.ia* charge cart* and workmen. Penalty upon fuch as refute or negleft. In f. I2. what cafes highways may be enlarged out of mens lands next adjoining. , Eiiz. c. 13, F a  Digging

39 Eliz. c. 19. 18 Eliz. c. 10.

Repealed in part by 30 Car. 2. ftaLi. c." 5.

%% Car. 2. c.

12. f. 3.

7 & 8 W. 3.

c. 29.

6 Anna?, c.19. 9 Aniue, c.18. 1 Geo. 1. ftat.

2. c. II.

5  Geo.i. c. 12.

6  Geo. 1. e. 6.

Digging for gravel in wafte3 and commons. In what cafes grave], Hones, fifr. may be digged in mens feveral grounds. What number of horfes or oxen may be u(ed in carts and carnages upon the highways. And what weight. No wheels are to be under four inches breadth in the tyre. The penalty, and how to be diipofed. The offences declared common nulances. All fuits upon this a ft (hall be laid in their proper county, and the defendant may plead the general iffue. All monies raifed by affeffment, iffues forfeited, &c. fhall be levied and imployed for mending the highways. Accounts to be given by the furveyors yearly of an money raifed for mending the highways. Who may enquire, hear and determine offences again ft this a&. Appeals allowed to perfon9 grieved. In what cafes only a Certiorari may fce allowed to remove any indictment, &c. upon this aCt, fee 22 Car. 2. c. 12. f. 4. 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 11. Bridges to have fumcient walls, or polls and rails. Tenants to bear the charges of affeffments for highways. To have continuance to the next parliament. EXP. The penalties are applied to certain cafes in zt Car. 2. c, it. /. 12. But penalties are appointed by fubfequent a3s\

CAP. VII.

An act to rejlrain the exportation of leather and raw bides out of the realm of England.

5&6Ed. f. TT/HEREAS notwithstanding the many good laws before this c. 15.  VV time made, and Jiill in force, prohibiting the exportation cf

5 Eliz. c. 21. father out of this realm, and the penalty by thofeafts impofedy by the xSEHz'Vt. cunn*n& and fubtihy of fome perfens, and the negleft of others uh* ought to take care thereof; there are fuch quantities of leather daily exported to foreign parts9 that the price of leather is grown to theft excejfrue rates9 that many artificers working leather, cannot furniih themfelves with fvfficient fore thereof for the carrying on of their trades; and the poor fort of people are not able to buy those thin made of leather, which of neceffty they mujl make use of:

II.  For redrefs of which griefs, be it enadtea by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this pre-What (kins or fent parliament affembled, That from and after the first dav of hides tanned May now next enfuing, no person or persons whatfoever fnaL* may not be  carry or tranfport, or caufe to be carried or tranfported, out of

■3X1 c  England into Scotland, Ireland, or into any of the ifles belong-

ing to this kingdom, or to any parts beyond the seas, the fkins or hides tanned or untanned of any ox, fteer, bull, cow or calf, otherwife or in any other manner, than is by this prefent adt diredted.

Tanned lea- III- And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, thermay be- That none of the fkins or hides aforefaid, which mall happen tranfported in- to be taken from any of the beads aforefaid, within any illand fc/b^i^Car w^at^oever> belonging to the kingdofh of England, (except Ire-2.Cc. 5 *°  land) (hall be tranfported out of that ifland to any other place,

but into the kingdom of England\ (2) upon pain of forfeiture The penalty. for every fuch offence, double the value of fkins or hides fo to be tranfported out of the said iflands, or 3ny of them, to any other place than into the kingdom of England; the fame forfeiture to be fued for and difpofed as hereafter in this adt is di-redted.

IV. And

166z . J  Anno dccimotertio & quarto Caroli II. c.7.  69

' IV. And for the better preventing of fuch mifchiefs as are w^tJjfather intended to be remedied by this adt, be it enabled by the autho- bought only in rity aforefaid, That all red tanned leather made of the hides or 0pe,T fairs or fkins of any of the beads aforefaid, of what kind or nature fo- markets for ever, (hall De bought only in the open and common fair or mar- fellinS leather, ket ufed for the putting of leather to fale, and not in any houfe, tanner's yard, (hop or <jthcr place whatfoever; (2) on pain that The penalty, fuch perlon or persons that (hall not accordingly do the fame,

(hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fame leather, or the value thereof, and the contract for the fale thereof (hall be void ; (3) and all fuch leather (hall be fearched and fealed by the fearchers and fealers thereunto appointed, before the fame be put to fale, and upon fuch fale (hall be regiftred, and a true entry thereof made both by the buyer and feller, who are both to be prefent at fuch regiftring thereof, and both their names and places of abode entred into the book of the said regifter $ on pain that every fuch buyer or feller that (hall not accordingly do the fame,

(hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fame leather, or the value thereof, and the forfeiture (hall be recovered and employed in fuch manner, as hereafter in this a<ft is diredled.

V.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That Penalty for

if any person or persons (hall he found guilty of the tranfporta- o^ankaTher tion of any leather or raw hides of any of the beads aforefaid, or ra^ hiefcj (excepting fuch calve-fkins and fheep-flrins, drefled without the wool, as by law may be tranfported) contrary to the provi- >

Ron of this a<ft; he (hall from thenceforth be difabled to trade or leal inleather for the future; (2) and (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, to be fuea for, and dif-pofed as hereafter in this a<St is diredled.

VI.  Provided neverthelefs. That this a<5, or any thing there- 5 & e Ed. 6. n contained, (hall not extend to the prohibiting the tranfporta- c. ic. f. 5. tion of any leather made into boots, (hoes or flippers, but that1 Ma. feff* 3* he fame may be tranfported ; any thing in this a6t contained c# 8*

0  the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Who may That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the refpedfcive maf- fearch and

ers and wardens of the cordwainers, fadlers, girdlers and cur-  intended

iers of the city of London, and their deputies, and all cuftom- to  tranf-

rs, comptrollers, farmers of cuftoms, fupervifors, fearchers, ported, nd other officers belonging to the cuftoms, and to and for all jftices of the peace, mayors, and chief officers of corporations,

/ithin this realm, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick up-n Tweed, from time to time, as well by land as water, to arch for and feize any leather, or raw hides, wrought or unsought, cut or uncut, packed up or unpacked, intended or urpofed to be tranfported by any person or persons into any the arts beyond the seas, or into Scotland, other than calve-(kins id (heep-fkins as aforefaid.

VIII.  And whereas divers tanners do Jhave, cut and rake their Shaving of tyer-leather hides all over, and the necks of their hacks and butts, leather by the great impairing thereof,\ and the extreme prejudice of the king-tanners*

F 3  dm;

The penalty.

Leaden-Hall,

London.

How the penalties lhallbe

recovered.

Anno dccimotcitio & quarto Caroli II. c.7.  [1662.

dm; (2) be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That every tanner, who after the nine and twentieth day of September in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, fhall commit any fuch offence as aforefaid, (hall for-feit all the said leather, backs, butts orcalvefkins fofhaved, cut or raked, or the value thereof, and it fhall be lawful for the fearchers and fealers of leather to feize the fame.

IX.  And be it further enacted, That the market for leather in Leaden-Hall in London, Jhall be kept on the Tuefday, as now it is ; any law, ufage or cuftom to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

X.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all the penalties and forfeitures, and every him and fums of

Tranfporta-

common nu-fance.

Leather for peceflary use cf (hips in voyages.

money, for any offence or offences herein before-mentioned, fhall be recovered bv adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be brought for the fame in any court or courts at tninjler, or m any court or courts of record in the city, town, county or place where the said offence fhall be committed, wherein no wager of law, protection oreflbin (hall be admitted, neither fhall the fame be removed out of the said county, city or town corporate j (2) the one half of the said forfeitures to be to the use of the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other half thereof to the use of the informer or informers that (hall fue for the fame.

XI.  Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed, That all fuch exportation of leather tion or tranfportation of any hides or leather contrary to this declared a a<5l, js hereby adjudged and declared to be a common and pub-

lick nufancc.

XII.  Provided neverthelefs. That this a<51 (hall not extend, or be conftrued, to prohibit the carrying or conveying of any fuch hides or leather which fhall be ufed or employed for the neccflary use or provifion of any (hip or veflel in any voyage beyond the seas, and which (hall not be fold in any foreign parts, Jo as the number do not exceed fix raw hides, and three tanned hides.

^  ... XIII. Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further enabled

dealing in cut-by the authority aforefaid, That all and every artificer dealing ting ot lea- in cutting of leather, or other person or persons whatfoeve^ the* in Lon- which fhall hereafter buy any red tanned leather within the city of London, or three miles thereof, (hall before the next market-day within the said place for fale of leather, give notict thereof to one or more of the company of curriers then exer-cifing and lifing the art and myftcry of a currier within the laid city of London, and three miles thereof, and within three weeki ‘ after fuch notice fhall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, the said leather fo bought, except fuch part thereof as fhall be ufed foi foals without being curried, tallowed or drefled, unto the said currier or curriers to whom fuch notice was given, to the intent that the fame may be curried, tallowed or otherwife drefled, as is directed and appointed by one a£t made in the first year oi 1 Jac. 1. c. a. King Jama, diopter twenty-fecond, touching the duty of tanners.

Artificers

tion, or within three miles thereof.

7*

i66i.] Anno decimo tcrrio & quarto Caroli II* c.8,9.

ners, curriers, (hoe-makers and others; (2) upon penalty of the forfeiture of fix (hillings eight pence for every back, butt, hide or calve-flrin fo bought and not delivered as aforefaid, for the ufes, and to be recovered, as aforefaid.

XIV. And whereas it is enabled amongft other things, by the /aid * Jac. 1. c. 1*. ait made in the firjl year of King James, That no person or per- leather ufed fins Jball by any means occupy, or put in any made wares within the ^London* or city of London, or three miles of the fame city, any curried leather, within three before the fame Jball be fearched and allowed by the wardens of the miles, to be curriers of London for the time being, or fuch persons as they Jhall ^frch thereto ajftgn, and be fealed with a feal therefore to be prepared wardens of the upon pain that every Jhoe~maker and other artificer cutter of leather, curriers there. offending againjl that article, should forfeit for every hide or fitin The penalty. Qthcrwife curried or employed as is aforefaid fix Jhillings eight pence, and the Value of every fuch hide or fkin \ (2) Be it therefore further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the matter and wardens of the company of curriers for the time being, or fuch persons as they (hall thereto affign, (hall from time to time, and 3t all feafonable times in the day-time, enter into any warehoufe,

(hop, cellar, or other place within the (aid city of London, or three miles of the fame city, belonging unto any of the said cord-wainers, fadlers, girdlers, or other person or perfons, being artificers dealing in cutting leather, and in the prefence of any two or more of them, to fearch for and feize all fuch leather intended to be prohibited to be ufed by the said claufe, branch or article, as aforefaid, as alfo for all wares made of fuch leather ;

(?) and if any fuch person or perfons, artificers or dealers as aforefaid, (hall oppofe, or refufe to permit the said matter and wardens of the company of curriers, or fuch persons as they (hall thereto aflign, to make any fuch fearch or feizure as afore-laid, he or they (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds for the ufes, and to be recovered, as aforefaid $

(4) and if any of th'e said artificers and dealers in cutting of lea- Penalties for ther, do refute to be prefent with the said fearchers, whenfoever opposing the the fame (hall be defired by the said matter and wardens of the fearching. company of the curriers, or fuch persons thereto afligned bv them as aforefaid, then for every fuch default the persons (o refufing fhall forfeit the fum of ten pounds for the ufes, and to be recovered, as aforefaid.

CAP. VIII.

An act for diftribution of threefcore thoufand pounds amongft the truly loyal and indigent commiftlon officers, and for aflefling of offices, and diftributing the monies thereby raifed for their turther fupply. EXP.

226c 23 Car. 2. cap. 21.

CAP. IX.,

An act for the relief of poor and maimed officers and foldiers, who have faithfully ferved his Majesty and his royal father in the late wars. EXP.

F 4  CAP.

The great concernment of proportion ing the pub-lick revenue

Anno dccimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c. io. [1662.

CAP. X.

An attfor eflablifhing an additional revenue upon bis Maje-Jly, his heirs and fucceffors, for the better fupport of bis and their crown and dignity.

T7QRASMUCH as nothing conduceth more to the peace and T>rofperity of a nation, and the protedion of every (ingle person therein, then that the publick revenue thereof may be in fome meafure proportioned to the publick charges and ex-imd^cx^naes* Pences> we therefore your Majesty’s moll loyal and obedient p cs* fubjeds, the commons aflembled in parliament, having duly confidered the prenjifTes, do give and grant unto your mod excellent Majesty, your heirs and fucceflors, the rates and duties herein after mentioned, and do mod humbly befeech your Ma-jedy, that it may be enaded, (2) and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the five and twentieth day of March, in the year of our Lord God, one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, e-very dwelling, and other house and edifice, and all lodgings ana chambers in the inns of court, inns of chancery, colleges, and other focieties that are, or hereafter (hall be erected within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed (other then fuch as in this ad are hereafter excepted and declared) (hall be chargeable, and by this prefent ad be and are charged with the annual payment to the King’s Every fire- majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, for every fire-hearth and ftove ftov? charged  every fuch houfe, edifice, chambers and lodgings as a- 1

with the yearly forefaid, the fum of two (hillings by the year, to be paid year-payment of * 9. ly, and every year at the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel, to the King, anj the feaft of the Annunciation of the blefled virgin Saint Mary, j by even and equal portions ; the first payment thereof to be paid upon the feaft-day of Saint Michael the archangel, which fhall be in the year of our J^ord, one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two.

II.  And to the intent that a juft account may be had and count (hall be taken of all the (aid hearths and ftoves by this ad intended to taken of all be charged, (2) be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That every owner, or occupier of every fuch houfe, edifice, lodgings and chambers, (hall refpedively within fix days after notice given unto him or them, by the refpedive conftables, headbo-roughs,tythingmen,or other fuch officers, within whofe precind the said houfe, edifice, chambers or lodgings fhall be, or by the refpedive treafurers or officers of inns of court, inns of chancery, or other officers of the refpedive colleges, and other focieties aforefaid, wherein any fuch lodgings and chambers (hall be, deliver unto the said conftables, headboroughs, tything-men, or other fuch officers as aforefaid refpedively, a true and juft account in writing under the hands of fuch owners or occupiers.

his heirs ami fucceflors.

How an ac-

hre-hearths and iloves.

73

piers, as aforefaid, of all the said hearths and (loves which are within their feveral and refpe<5tive houfes, lodgiilgs and chambers aforefaid.

III.  And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the

refpedive conftables, headboroughs, tythingmen, or other fuch ^^fame'ifhall officers, within whofe limits any fuch house or edifice charged be delivered by this a<5l as aforefaid are, and the refpeclive treafurers, and in. other officers of the refpedtive inns of court, inns of chancery, colleges and other focieties aforefaid, (hall by the last day of Afey, one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, require the feveral occupiers of every fuch houfe, edifice, lodging and chamber aforefaid, to deliver in to them refpeclively, accounts in writing as aforefaid under their feveral and refpedlive hands, of all fuch hearths and (loves as aforefaid, as (hall be within their refpe&ive houfes, edifices, lodgings and chambers, (2) and upon the receipt of the fame, or upon default of fuch account in writing, or in cafe there be no occupiers, then within fix days after notice in writing fixt to the door, requiring fuch account to be made, the said conftables, or other officers refpedlively as aforefaid, (hall enter into the said refpedlive houfes in the daytime, and compare fuch accounts, and fee whether the fame be truly made, or not; (3) and if no fuch account be delivered, then (hall take information by their own view, of the number of fuch hearths and (loves, upon pain that every conftable, trea-furer, and other officer aforefaid, who (hall neglecft to do the fame, (hall forfeit for every week he or they (hall fo negledt, the fum of five pounds, and for every falfe return wilfully made contrary to this a<5l, he or they (hall forfeit and lofe for every hearth and (love fo falfly returned or omitted the fum of forty lhillings.

IV.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral conftables, and other officers, who are hereby au-thorifed to take the account of the aforefaid hearths and (loves within their particular limits as aforefaid, (hall at the next quarter feflions after the said last day of Mayy to be holden for their refpe&ive counties, deliver all fuch accounts in writing, as they (hall receive, reform or take by their own view, unto the juftices of peace in their refpeclive quarter feflions of the said counties, together with a true note of the names of all fuch persons who lhall refufe or neglccft to give unto them an account under their hands of fuch hearths and (loves within their refpedlivc houfes, edifices, chambers and lodgings, as aforefaid.

V.  And be it further enadled. That the said juftices of peace How accounts (hall caufeall the said accounts of the feveral hearths and (loves Jtov^fhaiVbe1 within the refpedtive counties, to be inrolled by the clerk of the enrolled, and peace of the said refpedlive counties, ridings in Torkjhire, and duplicates divifions in Ltncolnjhire, and alfo a duplicate thereof in parch- thereof by the ment, under the hands and feals of three or more of the ju- iurtlccs ot the dices of peace of the refpc&ive counties and places aforefaid,i>eace*

who are hereby required to fign the fame, to be returned into his Majesty’s court of exchequer within <?np month next after

fuch

How the moneys arifing (hall be collected, received and paid into the exchequer.

fuch account delivered unto them at their refpedtive quarter feflions aforefaid, (2) upon pain that the cleric of the peace of every fuch county, riding or divifion refpedtively offending therein, (hall forfeit to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, the fum of two hundred pounds for the first month; and for the fecond month he (hall lo negledt, every fuch clerk of the peace (hall forfeit and lofe his or their place and office, and the fame (hall become void accordingly; which forfeiture and penalty (hall be recovered and levied as this adt directs.

VI.  And to the intent that the revenue hereby arifing to his Majesty, may from time to time be paid into his exchequer with as little charge as may be, (2) be it enacted by the authority a-forefaid, That the refpedlive treafurers and other officers of the inns of court, inns of chancery, colleges, and other focie-ties aforefaid, within their refpedlive jurifdidlions, and the feveral petty conftables, titfiingmen, headboroughs, and fuch other officers within the refpedlive limits, liberties and jurifdidlions, (hall every half year, within fix days after the said duty (hall grow due,' as aforefaid, collect, gather, and receive the fame from thefeveral occupiers of the (aid hearths and (loves, (3) and upon payment thereof, (hall give feveral acquittances (without taking any thing for fuch acquittances) unto the feveral ^perfons who mall pay the fame: And that fuch acquittances (hall be a full and perfedl difeharge to every fuch person who (hall pay the fame, against his Majesty, his heirs and fucceiiors, fo that no person who (hall have fuch acquittance, (hall be molefted, filed or vexed, or put to any charge in his Majesty’s court of exchequer or elfewhere.

VII.  And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any person who is hereby charged or intended to be charged to any sum or sums of money as aforefaid, (hall refute or neglect to pay the fame, that then every person or persons who is hereby authorised to collect the fame, (hall arid may levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the person and persons fo refufing or negledting, rendring unto the said person or persons the overplus of fuch money as (hall remain in their hands by the said fale, after the said duty and neceflary charges of levying the fame is difeharged as aforefaid.

VIII.  And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the aforefaid conftables, treafurers, and other officers who are hereby authorifed to colledt the aforefaid duties, (hall within twenty days next after the aforefaid times at which the said duties (hall be due to his Majesty, as aforefaid, pay unto the high conftables of the feveral hundreds and refpedlive limits, all fuch money as they (hall receive for the aforefaid duties, receiving an acquittance without paying any thing for the fame, and deducting two pence in the pound for their pains in colledling the fame ; and (hall alfo then in writing under his hand deliver unto the said high conftable, the names of the persons of whom they receive the fame, and alfo the names of fuch persons who ought to have paid the refpedtive duties yearly charged upon them, and have not paid the fame, where no diftrefs can be had.

IX.  And

 VjOOQlC

Diftrefs and fale of goods in default of payment.

The duty of conftables, treafurers, and officers im powered to collect the said duties.

The allowance: ior collecting.

1662J Anno decimo tcrtio & quarto Caroli II. c.io. 75 „

IX.  And be it further enaded, That the high conftables of Within what the feveral hundreds and refpedive limits, (hall within ten days

next after their feveral receits from the said conftables, headbo- be paid to the roughs, tithingmen, and other officers, pay unto the high high&eriff. (heriffs of every county, all fuch money as they lhall fo receive, deducing a peny in the pound for their pains, and (hall alfo then deliver or caufe to be delivered unto the said high lheriffs, the feveral returns which they received from the conftables, and other officers aforefaid.

X.  And the refpedive (heriffs (hall within thirty days after A , .  ,

he or they (hall receive the said moneys from the re(pedive cfol- high C ledors, return the fame, together with the names of fuch per- ought to pay fons who are defaulters, and had no diftrefs to be found, into the fame into his Majesty’s courts of exchequer, deducting four pence out of lheexchequer. twenty (hillings, and fo after that rate ; whereof three pence to

be for the (herifPs own ufe, as a reward for his pains in receiving and returning the fame 5 and one peny to be paid by the Iheriff to the clerk of the peace, for his pains, to be recovered by the said clerk of the peace by adion of debt.

XI.  Provided always, and be it enacted. That the high (he- London, riff of London and Middlefex for the time being, for London and Middlefex, fo much for the county of Middlefex as lies within the bills of mortality, other than tne inns of court and chancery ; and the 6011 w # high (heriff of Surrey for the time being, Cor the Dorough of Southwark, and all other (heriffs of any other city or town, being a county of it felf, for fuch cities or towns refpedively, (hall

be, and are hereby made colledors of, and for the feveral duties arifing within their feveral and refpedive limits; for which end and purpofe, and in those places only, the conftables, tithingmen, headboroughs and other officers, (hall deliver unto the (neriffs of the cities and places aforefaid, duplicates of the fame accounts of hearths and ftoves, which the said conftables, headboroughs, tithingmen and other officers, are appointed by this ad to take from time to time, and to deliver to thfc juftices of peace to be inrolled as aforefaid; (2) and the said (heriffs of the cities and places last before mentioned, are hereby enabled to levy the said duties, and required to give acquittances without any fees, as fully and amply to all intents and purpofes as in this ad is appointed to be done by any other colledors ; (3) and the said (heriffs fhall from time to time within forty days after the said duties (hall be payable by virtue of this ad, make payment of all the monies levied, into his Majesty’s exchequer, with a perfedlift of the names of fuch perfonsas (hail make default of payment, where no diftrefs can be found to be taken ; any thine in this ad to the contrary notwithftanding: (4) And the said ineriffs (hall dedud out of their payments four pence in the pound ; whereof three pence to be for themfelves, and one peny for the clerk of the peace, to be recovered as aforefaid.

XII.  And that his Majesty’s officers in his said court of cx- Officers of the chequer, (hall difeharge all fuch persons who paid their rcfpec- Sx tive duties without taking any fees for the fame, and (hall alfo p^rfon's\^ho§C

ifluc pay the duties

 LjOOQ le

without any fee.

grant or pen-lion.

Grantees of the fame (hall be accountants.

Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.io; [1662,

iflue out proccfs to levy the said duty upon fuch persons who (hall fail in payment thereof, where no diftrefs can be found, to be taken according to this a<5t.

The said re- XIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, venue (hall be That the revenue and fum of money arifing by virtue of this paid into the a<c^ (except what (hall be allowed to the aforefaid officers and and not^char- minifters for collecting the fame) (hall be duly and conftantly ged with any paid and anfwered into his Majesty’s court of exchequer,vand (hall not be particularly charged or chargeable, either before it be paid into the exchequer, or after, with any gift, grants, or penfion whatfoever; (2) and that all and every grants of any fuch penfions, and all and every claufe of Non objlante therein contained, (hall be, and is hereby declared to be utterly void, and all and every the persons to whom fuch grants are pafled, (hall be, and are hereby made accountants unto his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and (hall pay back all fums of money received by pretence of fuch grant, and the court of exchequer (hall be, and is hereby enjoyned to iflue out procefs accordingly.

Perfons afting XIV. And be it further enaCtcd by the authority aforefaid, upon tbit fta- That if any a&ion, bill, plaint, fuit or information (hall be ther^nfmay commenccd or profecuted against any person or perfons, for plead the ge-y w^at or they (hall do in purfuance or execution of this a<ft, fuch person or persons fo fued, (hall and may plead the general iflue. Not guilty; and upon iflue joined, inav give this aft, and the fpecial matter in evidence ; (2) and if the plaintiff or profecutor (hall become nonfuit, or fuffer difcontinuance, or if a verdiCt pafs against him, or if upon a demurrer judgment pafs against him, the defendant (hall recover treble cofts, for which there (hall be like remedy as in any cafe where cofts by law arc given to the defendants.

XV.  And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That where any increafe or decreafe of fuch heartns or ftoves (hall hereafter happen, That an account in writing of the fame (hall be had and made in like manner as the fame is directed to be first taken, returned and inrolled by this aCt, and a duplicate thereof fent into the exchequer in fuch fort as is before directed ; and from thenceforth the owner or occupier of fuch

Decreafes how house where fuch decreafe is, (hall be difeharged proportionably dilcharged. without any further pleading in the exchequer.

XVI.  Provided always, That no person or persons (hall be charged, profecuted, or brought to account for the arrearages of any duty, or arrearages of revenue raifed by this aCt, unlefsthe said fuit (hall commence within two years, and be brought to

next'atter'they judgment within four years, and the duty levied within five become due. years next after the fame (hall grow due.

XVII.  Provided always, That no person who by reafon of his poverty, or the fmallnefsof his eftate is exempted from theufuai taxes, payments and contributions toward the church and poor, (hall be charged or chrrgeable with any the duties by this aft im-pofed; any thing herein before to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII. Pro*

neral iffue.

Treble cofts to the defendants.

Increafes of hearths or ftoves which may happen,

Arrearages not to be char ged or filed tor, but with in two years

Poor people exempted.

77

1662.] Anna decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c. 10.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it hereby ena&ed, That if the church-wardens and overfeers of the poor of the parifti, together with the minifter of the fame, or any two of them,

I whereof the minifter to be one) (hall in writing under their ands yearly certify their belief, that the house wherein any person doth inhabit is not of greater value than of twenty (hil-lings per annum, upon the full improved rent; and that neither the person fo inhabiting, nor any other ufing the fame mefluage, hath, ufeth or occupieth any lands or tenements of their own or others, of the yearly value of twenty (hillings per annumy nor hath any lands, tenements, goods or chattels, of the value of ten pounds in their own poffeffion, or in the poffeffion of any other in truft for them ; that then in fuch cafe, upon fuch certificate made to the two next juftices of peace, and allowed (for which certificate and allowance no fee (hall be paid) the person on whofe behalf fuch certificate is made, lhall not be returned by the conftable, or other officer, and the said house is hereby for that year difeharged of, and from all the duties by this a&. impofed ; any thing herein to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIX.  Provided alfo, and be it ena<fted by the authority afore- Further penal-faid. That if any person or perfons, bodies politick or corpo- ty upon any rate, (hall at any time hereafter procure or accept of or from the person that King’s majefty, his heirs or fucceffors, any penfion, gift or grant accept or for years, life, or any other eftate, or any fum or (ums of mo- p^^n, gi?t ney out of the revenue arifing by virtue of this a<St, that then or grant For fuch person or body politick or corporate, procuring or accept- years,Sec. ing the fame, (hall forfeit double the value of fuch penfion, gift or grant; the one moiety of which forfeiture (hall be to the use of the poor of the parifti or parilhes where the said offenders be or inhabit, to be recovered by the churchwardens, the other moiety to him that will fue for the fame, by adUon of debt, bill, plaint or information.

XX.  Provided, That this a<ft, or any thing herein contain- Blowing-honed, (hall not extend to charge any blow ing-houfe, and (lamp, f5s> ftamps, furnace, or kiln, or any private oven within any of the houfes j^|™ga^ng hereby charged, nor any hearth or ftove within the feite of any hofpitals. * hofpital or alms-houfe for the relief of poor people, whofe endowment and revenue doth not exceed in true value the fum of one hundred pounds by the year.

XXI.  Provided, That the payments and duties hereby charged, fhall be charged only on the occupier for the time being of fuch hearth or ftove, dwelling in fuch house whereto fuch hearth charged only or ftove fhall be belonging, his executors or adminiftrators, and upon the oc-not on the landlord who let or demifed the fame, his heirs, ex- cupiers. ecutors or affigns.

XXII.  Provided alfo, That no person or persons indebted for No privilege any the duties aforefaid (hall thereby be privileged as a debtor or exchequer.nor debtors to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, to fue any person aOign a debt or persons in the court of exchequer, or to affign any debt to his to the King. Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, towards fatisfadfion of the fame. Hearth-money

Ships and vef-fels arriving from beyond the Teas at Graveiend.

78 Anno dectmo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.i i. [ 1662.

CAP. XI.

An ail for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes in his Meyefifs cufioms.

12Car. 2.c.i9. T^Orafmiich as it appears, that feveral unlawful and indirect Jl means and devices are daily put in practice, to export and import goods and merchandizes prohibited by the laws and Jlatutes of this kingdom, as alfo to defraud the King’s mofi excellent maje/ty of bis dues3 cufioms and fubjtdies3 as well by fecret and deceitful dejigns, as by open force and violence ufed againjl the King’s majefiys officers employed in the affairs of the cufioms:

II.  For the better preventing of which frauds and violences in time to come, it is enadted and ordained by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in parliament af-femblcd, and be it ena&ed and ordained by the authority thereof, That no (hip or veflel arriving from the parts beyond the seas, (hall be above three days coming from Oravefend to the place of her difcharge (within the river of Thames) without touching or flaying at any wharf, key or place adjoining to either (hore between Graruefend and Chefier’s Key3 unlefs apparently, hindred by contrary winds, draught of water, or other juft impediment to be allowed by fuch person or persons as are or (hall be appointed by his Majesty for managing the cuftoms, the collectors inwards, or other principal officers of the cuftom*); (2) and then or before, the mafter or purfer (for that voyage)

be mad<Tupon  or  ve^>  a juft and true entry upon

oath.  oath of the burthen, contents and lading of every fuch (hip or

veflel, with the particular marks, numbers, qualities and contents of every parcel of goods therein laden, to the beft of his knowledge; alfo where and in what port (he took in her lading, of what country built, how manned, who was mafter during the voyage, and who are owners thereof; (3) and in all out-ports or members, to come dire&Iy up to the place of unlading, as the condition of the port requires and will admit, and making entries, as aforefaid, upon the penalty of the forfeiture of one hundred pounds.

III.  And be it further enaClcd by the authority aforefaid, That no captain, mafter, purfer, or any other person or persons taking charge of any (hip or veflel bound for the parts be*

charge of ftups yond the leas, or into the kingdom of Scotland, whether the

and vciTels fame (hip or veflel fhall have commiflion from or belong unto

nA the King’s majefty that now is, his heirs or fucceflors, or (hall parts beyond , ,  &  J  ./r. 1 c  r  .

the feas. belong to or have commimon from any foreign prince or

To take in no date, or other wife fhall take in, or fuffer to be taken into, or

Engliih goods ]aden aboard any fuch (hip or veflel, any Englijh goods, wares or

thereof]* merchandize, to be exported into the parts beyond the seas, or

made at the into the kingdom of Scotland^ until fuch captain, mafter, purfer

cuftom-houfe. or other person as aforefaid, (hall have entered fuch (hip or

(hips in the book of the commiflioners, cuftomer or collector and

comptroller outwards of fuch port where he (hall load or take

. in goods, together with the name of iuch captain or mafter, the

n  n t  burden

 VjOOQI.0

True entries of lading to

The penalty.

The duty of captains, ma fters and o« thers taking

79

1662.] Anno ctecimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.n.

burden of fuch (hip or veflel, the number of guqp* and ammunition (he carries, and to what port or place (he intends to pafs or fail; (2) and before he or they (hall depart with his or their (hip or veflel out of fuch port or place, (hall bring and deliver unto the said person or persons which are or (hall be appointed by his Majesty for managing the cuftoms, the cuftomer or collator and comptroller of fuch port or place, a content in writing under his or their hands, of the names of every merchant, and other person or persons that (hall have laden and put on board any fuch (hip or veflel, any fuch goods or merchandize, together with the marks and numbers of fuch goods and merchandize ; (3) and (hall likewife publickly in the open cuftom-houfe, upon his corporal oath, to the bed of his knowjedge, have an-fwered to fuch queftion or queftions as (hall be demanded of him by the said person or persons w hich are or (hall be appointed by his Majesty for managing the cuftoms, the cuftomer pr colledor and comptroller, or their deputies, concerning fuch goods and merchandize as (hall be aboard fuch (hip or veflel; (4) upon pain of forfeiture of one hundred pounds : (5) and that no fuch Ships or veflel* captain, mafter, purfer, or other person or persons taking ?fwa** bring-charge of any (hip or veflel of war, as aforefaid, wherein anyin^S°°ds.

ds, wares or merchandizes (hall have befen laden or brought , the ports beyond the seas, or out of the realm of Scotlandy (hall unload or put on board any lighter, boat or bottom, or lay on land, or fuffer to be discharged or put info any lighter, boat or bottom, or to be laid on land, out of any (hip or veflel, as aforefaid, any goods, wares or merchandize whatfoever, before fuch captain, mafter, purfer, or other person taking charge of the (hip or merchants goods for that voyage, as aforefaid,

(hall have fignified and declared in writing under his or their hands, unto the person or persons which are or fhall be appointed by his Majesty for managing the cuftoms, the cuftomer or collector and comptroller inwards of the port where he ar-riveth, the names of every merchant or lader of any goods or merchandizes on board tne said (hip or veflel, together with the number and marks, and the quantity and quality of every * parcel of goods and merchandizes, to the beft of his knowledge, and (hall have anfwered upon his or their corporal oath, to fuel* queftions concerning fuch goods and merchandizes, as (hall be publickly adminiftred unto him in the open cuftom-houfe, by fuch person or persons which are or (hall be appointed for managing the cuftoms, cuftomer or collector and comptroller, or their deputies, and (hall be liable to all fearches and other rules which merchants (hips are fubjed unto, by the ufage of his Majesty* s cuftom-houfe (vidualling-bills and entring ex^ cepted) upon pain to forfeit one hundred pounds * (6) and upon refufal to make fuch entries as aforefaid, as well outwards as inwards, the said person or persons which are or (hall be appointed for managing the cuftoms, and officers of his Ma-jefty’s cuftoms and their deputies, (hall and may freely enter

8o

Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.i r. [1662.

The power of officers for managing the cu-itoms to enter and fearch /hips and veflels.

Goods concealed in any (hip after clearing.

and go on board all and every fuch (hip or veflel of war, and bring from thence on (hore into his Majesty’s ftore-houfe belonging to the port where fuch (hip (hall be, all goods and merchandizes prohibited oruncuftomed, which (hall be found on board any fuch (hip, as aforefaid.

IV.  And be it hereby enabled. That the said person or persons which are or (hall be appointed for managing the cuftoms, and officers of his Majesty’s cuftoms, and their deputies, are hereby authorized and enabled to go and enter aboard any (hip or veflel, as well (hips of war as merchant (hips, and from thence to bring on (hore all goods prohibited or un-cuftomed, except jewels, if they be outwards bound ; (2) and if they be (hips or veflels inwards bound, from thence to bring on (hore into his Majesty’s ftore-houfe, as aforefaid, all fmafl parcels of fine goods, or other goods, which (hall be found in cabbins, chefts, trunks or other small package, or in any private or fecret place, in or out of the hold of the (hip or veflel, which may occafion a juft fufpicion that they were intended to be fraudulently conveyed away ; (3) and all other forts of goods whatfoever, for which the duties of tonnage and poundage were not paid or compounded for within twenty days after the first entry of the (hip, to be put and remain in the ftore-houfe aforefaid, until his Majesty’s duties thereupon be juftly fatisfied, unlefs the said person or persons which are or (hall be appointed by his Majesty for managing the cuftoms, and officers of the cuftoms, (hall fee a juft caufe to allow a longer time, and that the said person or persons which are or (hall be fo appointed to manage the cuftoms, and the officers of the cuftoms, and their deputies, may freely ftay and remain aboard, until all the goods are delivered and difeharged out of the said (hips or veflels: (4) and if any mafter, purfer or boatfwain, or other taking charge in any (hip or veflel, or any other person whatfoever, (hall fuffer any trufs, bale, pack, fardel, calk or other package to be opened aboard the said (hip or veflel, and the goods therein to be im-bezzilled, carried away, or put in any other form or package, after the (hip comes into the port of her difeharge, in every fuch cafe the said mafter, purfer, boatfwain or others, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds.

V.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe after the clearing of any (hip or veflel, by the person or persons which are or (hall be appointed by his Majesty for managing the cuftoms, or any their deputies, and difeharging the watchmen or tidefmen from attendance thereupon, there (hall be found on board fuch (hip or veflel, any goods, Avares or merchandizes, which have been concealed from the knowledge of the said person or persons which are or (hall be fo appointed to manage the cuftoms, and for which the cuftom, fubfidy and other duties due upon the importation thereof, have not been paid; then the mafter, purfer or other perfon

taking

A

1662 J Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c. i r. 81

taking charge of fuch (hip or veffel, (hall forfeit the fum of

one hundred pounds: (2) and it (hall be lawful to or for The penalty.

any person or perfons, authorized by writ of aftiftance under

the feal of his majefty’s court of exchequer, to take a con-

ihble, hcatj borough or other publick officer inhabiting near

unto the place, and in the day time to enter, and go into any

fcoufe, (hop, cellar, warehouse or room, or other place, and

in cafe of refiftance, to break open doors, cherts, trunks and

other package, there to feize, and from thence to bring, any

kind of goods or merchandize whatfoever, prohibited and un-

cuftomed, and to put and fecure the fame in his majefty’s ftore-

houfe, in the port next to the place where fuch feizure (hall be

made.

VI.  And for the better increafe of (hipping and navigation. An accountto be it further enafled. That the colledlors arid other officers of be given of his majefty’s cuftoms in all the ports of England, (hall forthwith.**} foreign give an account unto the colledlor and fun eyor in the port o^VofEn London, (appointed by his majefty for all duties and matters fancj* ° relating to a late acfb, intituled, An act for encnafing and en- 12Car.*.c.i&. imaging cf /hipping and navigation,) of all foreign-built (hips in their ports, owned and belonging to the people of England, of what built and burthen they are, for which certificates have been made according to the said aci, and that the said colle&or and furveyor (hall make a true and perfedl lift of all fuch (hips attefted under their hands, and tranlmit the fame into his ma-jtfty's court of exchequer, on or before the month of December in the year one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, there to remain upon record : (2) and that no foreign-built (hip (that Foreign built is to fay) not built in any of his majefty’s dominions of Afia, (hips not to Africa or America, or other than fuen as (hall (bona fide) be have the pri-bought before the first of Oftober one thoufand fix hundred iixty and two next en filing, and exprefly named in the said lift, (hall England or enjoy the privilege of a (hip belonging to England or Ireland, Ireland, although owned or manned by Engujh (except fuch fhips only as (hall be taken at fea by letters of mart or reprifal, and condemnation made in the court of admiralty, as lawful prize) but all fuch (hips (hall be deemed as aliens fhips, and’ be liable unto all duties that aliens (hips are liable unto by virtue of the said ad for increafe of (hipping and navigation. (3)

And whereas it is required by the laid ad, that in fundry cafes the matter and three fourths of the mariners are to be Englijb, it is to be underftood, that any of jhis Majesty’s fub-jeds of England, Ireland, and bis plantations, are to be accounted Engli/hy and no others, and that the number of mariners be accounted according to what they (hall have been during the whole voyage. (4) And whereas of late fome of the persons appointed by his majefty for managing the cuftoms, and the officers of the cuftoms and their deputies, have been hindered, affronted, abufed, beaten and wounded, to the hazard of their lives, in the due execution of their feveral trufts and fervices in their refpedive places, by armed companies ^nd multitudes of men, and goods prohibited and uricuftomed Vol. VIII.  G  have

82 Anno derimo tertio & quarto CaRolI II. C. 11.  [1662

have by force and violence, as well by land as by water, been The punifh- forcibly carried and conveyed away; (5) be it enafted by the ment for beat- authority aforefaid. That where any officer or officers (hall be fingofficcr^of ty any person or perfons, armed with club, or any manner of the cuftoms. weapon, forcibly hindred, affronted, abufed, beaten or wounded as aforefaid, either on board any (hip or veffel, or upon the land or water, in the due execution of their office, all and eyery person and persons fo refitting, affronting, abufing, beating or wounding the said officer or officers, or their deputies, or fuch '  as (hall aft in their aid or affiftance, (hall by the next juftice

of peace, or other magiftrate, be committed to prifon, there to remain till the next quarter-feffions : (6) and the juftices of the peace of the said quarter-feffions (hall and are hereby im-powered to punifh the offender by fine, not exceeding one hundred pounds, and the offender is to remain in prifon till he be difeharged by order of the exchequer, both of the fine and of theimprifonment, or difeover the person that fet him on work, to the end he may be legally proceeded againft.

No goods to VII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, be water-born, That if any wharfinger or keeper of any wharf, crane or key, or landed, but or thejr fa-yams, or any of them, (hail take up or land, or of fome^fficer knowingly fuffer to be taken up or landed, or (hall (hip off, of the cuftoms. or fuffer to be water-born at or from any of their said wharfs, cranes or keys, any goods, wares or merchandize prohibited, or whereof any cuftom, fubfidy or other duties are due and payable unto tne King's majefty, without the prefence of fome of the officers of his majefty's cuftoms thereunto appointed, or at hours and times not appointed by law, (except in the x Elk. c. 11. port of HulU as in the statute of the first year of Queen Elizabeth, chapter the eleventh, is excepted, and not otherwife) or goods paffing by certificates, wafte-cocquet, or otherwife, without the prefence or notice given to one or more of his majefty's officers; That in every fuch cafe all and every fuch wharfinger and keeper of fuch wharf, crane or key, (hall for-The penalty, feir and pay the fum of one hundred pounds; (2; and if any goods or merchandize (hall be laden or taken in from the fhore, into any bark, hoy, lighter, barge, wherry or boat, to be carried aboard any (hip or veflel outwards bound for the parts beyond the seas, or laden or taken in from or out of any (hip or veflel coming in and arriving from foreign parts, without a warrant, and the prefence of one or more officers of the cuftoms; fuch bark, hov, lighter, barge, boat or wherry, (hall be forfeited and loft, and the mafter, purfer, boatlwain, or other mariner of any (hip inward bound, knowing and confenting thereunto, (hall forfeit the value of the goods fo unfhipped : (3) and further. That in cafe any carman, porter, waterman or other person or persons whatsoever, (hall affift in the taking up, landing, (hipping off, or carrying away any fuch goods, wares or merchandizes, that then fuch carman, porter, waterman or other person or persons fo offending, being apprehended by warrant of any juftice of the peace for that county,

city

1662.] Annodecimo tertio & quarto Garqli II. c.n. $3

city or borough, which the laid juftices and every of them are hereby authorized to iflue, and to examine witneflis upon oath concerning fetch fadt, and the fame being proved by the oath of two witneffes, the said offenders for fgch first offence fhall and may by fuch juftice of the peace be committed to the next gaol, there to remain till he and they find diffident furety to be of rite good behaviour for fo long time, until he and they fhall he thereof difeharged by the lord treafurer, chancellor, under treafurer or barons of th[p exchequer; (4) and in cafe he or they fo convidted, fhall afterwards at any time offend in the like kind, then he and they fhall and may by any juftice of the peace as aforefaid, be committed to the next gaol, there to remain for the fpace of two months without bail or mainprize, or until he fhall pay unto the fheriff of that county the fum of five pounds for the use of his majefty, or until, he (hall by the lord treafurer, chancellor, under-treafurer or court of exchequer be thence difeharged : (5) be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any goods, wares or mer- Goods carried chandizes, fhall be shipped or put on hoard to be carried forth from one port to the open Tea from any one port, creek or member in the jj? another ia kingdom of England, dominion of Walts, or port and town of y£fj ™ °r Berwick, to be landed at any other place of this realm without a (utterance or warrant first had and obtained from the said person or perfons, which are or (hall be appointed for managing the cuftoms, and officers of his Majesty’s cuftoms, all fuch wares, and merchandizes fhall be forfeited and loft ;

(6)  and that the matter of every (hip or veflel that fhall lade or take in any fuch goods, wares or merchandizes, in any port, member or creek within this kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town and port of Berwick, to be landed and difeharged in fome other port, member or creek of the said kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town and port of Berwick, fhall before the (hip or veflel be removed or carried out of the port (where he fhall take in his lading) take out

a cocquet or cocquets, and become bound to the King’s... majefty with good fecurity, in the value of the goods, wares and merchandizes aforefaid, for delivery and difeharge thereof in the port or place for which the fame fnall be entred as aforefaid, or in fome other port or place within the said kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or port and town of Berwick;

(7)  and (the dangers and accidents of the feas excepted) to re- Certificates turn a certificate within fix months after the date of fuch cocauet are to be in-and cocquets, under the hands and feals of the King’s majefty’s dortedonthefe officers, figned alfo by fome of the said person or persons which , Annae. ft. 1. are or (hall be appointed by his majefty for managing the c. *6. f. cuftoms, or their deputy or deputies, in every refpedtive ports,

members or creeks where the fame (hall be landed and difeharged, to his majefty’s officers of the cuftoms to whom fuch fecurity hath been given as aforefaid, tHat fuch goods, wares and merchandizes were there landed and difeharged accordingly*

G 2  upon

>-

Officers of any port making faJfe certificate.

84  #  Anno  decimo  tcrtio  &  quarto  Caroli  II.  c.n.  [1662.

upon the penalty of the forfeiture of the bond and fecurity aforefaid.

VIII.  And be it hereby further enaCted, That if any officer of any pore member or creek (hall grant or make any falfe certificate of any goods or merchandizes which (hould have been landed out of any (hip or veflel; That fuch officer (hall lofe his imployment, and moreover forfeit the fum of fifty pounds, and fuffer one years imprifonment without bail or mainprize, and be incapable of ferving bis majefty in, any place of truft

The penalty, concerning his cufioms, and be further liable to fuch corporal Counterfeiting punilhment as the court of Exchequer ihall think fit: (2) and t^cates*’^ ** any person whatfoever (hall counterfeit, rafe or falfify any The penalty, cocquet, certificate or return, tranfire, let-pafs, or any other cuftom-houfe warrant, he (hall forfeit one hundred pounds, and the cocquet, certificate or return (hall be invalid and of none effeCt: (3) and if any goods, wares or merchandizes brought or coming into any port, haven or creek within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales) or port and town of Berwick, from any other port, haven or creek, within the kingdom of England or dominions aforefaid, by port-cocquet, tranfire, let-pafs or certificate, in (hips or veflels, (hall be landed or put on (hore before fuch cocquet, tranfire, let-pafs or certificate (hall be delivered to fuch person or persons which are or (hall be appointed by his majefty for managing his cuftoms, the cuftomer or collector, and comptroller of the port or place of their arrival, or to their deputy or deputies, and a warrant or fufferance made and given from fuch person or perfons, cuftomer or collector, and comptroller or their deputy and deputies aforefaid, for the landing and difeharging thereof.

IX.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any goods, wares or merchandizes, for which the duties of fubfidy or cuftom are due and payable to the King’s majefty, (hall be fecretly conveyed on board any (hip or veuel be fore the cuftom and fubfidy thereof be duly aniwered and paid, and (hall efcape the difeovery thereof by the officers of the cuftoms or others, and be carried into the parts beyond the seas; in fuch cafe the owners or proprietors of fuch goods, wares or merchandizes, or other person or persons who (hall have fb

The penalty, (hipped, or caufed the fame to be shipped and tranfported, (hall forfeit the double value of the goods, computed according to the book of rates, except for coal, which fo fecretly exported as aforefaid, (hall pay double the cuftom and duty, to be collected and levied in fuch manner as by the act of tonnage and 11 Car. i.c. 4. poundage is directed and appointed.

For prevent- X. Be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That for ing frauds in preventing of frauds in colouring of ftrangers goods, and other-wife, every merchant or other palling any goods wares or merchandizes, inwards or outwards, (hall by himfelf or his known fervant, faCtor or agent, fubferibe one of his bills of every entry, with the mark, number and contents of every parcel of fuch

goods

Goods ftcretly conveyed beyond lea un-cultomed and undiscovered by the officers.

colouring

ftrangers

goods.

8 5

i66i.] Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.i i.

goods as arc rated to pay by the piece or meafure, and weight of the whole parcel of fuch goods as are rated to pay by the weight, without which the officers of the cuftoms (hall not fuf-fer any entry to pafs ; and that no children of aliens under the age of twenty-one years, be permitted to be traders, or any goods or merchandizes to be entered in their names.

XI.  Be it alfo hereby ena&ed, That upon any actions, fuits There (hall be and informations that (hall be brought, commenced or en- no party-jury tered upon any law or statute concerning the King’s majefty’s in a&ions or fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, or (hips or goods to ^ [ng cuftora?1" forfeited by reafon of unlawful importation or exportation, ®

there (hall not be any party-jury, but fuch only as are the natural and free bom fubjedte of the King, his heirs or fuc-ceflors.

XII.  And whereas allowance is given to merchants and others Allowances for defers and damages upon goods > and five per cent, generally upon j^dama es all goods imported, and twelve per centum upon wines; every f"g^Thow merchant or others having the aforefaid allowances inwa ds, to be made, (hall in perfon, upon oath by himfelf or by his known fervant

or fe<ftor, demand and receive the monies due upon debentures for fuch foreign goods exported by certificate, with fuch abatements and allowances as were made and given to him upon the importation •, (2) and if he be found fraudulently to (hip out lefs in quantity or value than is exprefled in his certificate, the goods therein mentioned, or the value thereof,

(hall b$ forfeited, and the owner or merchant fhall lofe the benefit of receiving back any part of the fubfidy for those good$;

(3) and if any goods shipped out by certificate as aforefaid,

(hall , be landed again in the fame, or any other port or place within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales and town and port of Berwick (unlefs in cafe of diftrefs to fave the goods from perifhing, which (hall be prefently made known to the person or persons which are or (hail be appointed by his majefty to manage his cuftoms, and principal officers of the port) no allowance fhall be demanded or made for those goods, and the fai<’ yds or value thereof fhall be forfeited and loft.

. Be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Goodsbrought all goods, wares or merchandize, that (hall be brought out of or car" or carried into the kingdom of Scotland by land, into or out Scotland by of the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales or port and land, (hall pafs town of Berwick, (hall pafs and be carried by and through through Ber-fomeof the towns and paflages hereafter named, (that is to fay) ™ck or Car* by and through Berwick or Carlifie, and then and there pay the 1 c* cuftom and fubfidy granted and due to the King’s majefty, by an a6t of this prefent parliament, intituled, A fubfidy granted l% Car.i.c.4. to th* King of tonnage and poundage, and other fums of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported; (2) and if any goods, wares or merchandize prohibited or uncuftomed, coming out of Scotland into England, or going out of England into Scotland^

(hall pafs by or beyond the towns, ports and places aforenamed.

G 3

without

i Eli*, c. vi. When and where merchandize (hall be Janded, and cuftom paid.

Anno dedmo tcrtio & quarto CaRoli II* C. 11. [ 1662.

without due entry and payment of the cuftotnfe, That then a^ fuch goods, wares and merchandize, Or the vhlue thereof, (hill be forfeited and loft.

XIV.  And whereas in arid by an at! of parliament in the firfl year of ^uttn Elizabeth, of famous memory, directing when and where merchandize /ball be landed and cufhms paid, it is amohgfi divers other things enafted and ordained, That no glodss Wartsor merchandize JhaU be Jhipptd or Uadefi aboard any /hip or vejfd, or landed or difeharged out of or from any /hip or vejfily but in or dptn fome fuch open place, key or wharf places, keys or wharfs , (except the port of Hull) as her Highnifs, hir heirs and fucttjfors Jbeki therefore ajjign and appoint by virtue of her Highntfs corritmfficn or commifftons within-the port {/'London, and in all ports, creeks, havens or roads; as in and by the said aft doth and may at luge appear : (2) and whereas, notwithstanding the aforifiud dft, there are fome ports, creeks and places, Where cufiomers, colieftors od comptrollers and fiarchers and their fervantt, had then*, time out of mind, been refident, to which no fuch commifftons were fent, m places, keys nor wharfs appointed, ds by the Jmd aft was direfftd: and whereas alfo fince that t imes by rtajon of the alterations of rivers, Jlrtams, channels and finds, fome places then appointed are teem unfit and ufeltfis and others much more convenient and commodious, as well for traffick and commerce at for landing and difcbsrging, lading and Jhipping of goods, Wares and merchandize; (3) it is enadted and ordained, and be it enadfed and ordained by the •authority aforefaid. That the King's majefty miy from time tp time by his Higfmds commiffion or tofftmiffions out of his court of exchequer, affign and appoint all fuch further places, ports* members and creeks, (except the town of Hull) as /hall be lawful for the landing and efifeharging, lading ot (hipping of any gdods, wares or merchandize, within the kingdom o? England, domihiPn of Wales or p6rt or town of Berwick upoa Tweed, and to *rhat ancient and head ports refpedtiveJy fuch places* members or creeks (hall belong and appertain: (4) and *hcre any fuch member, creek or place (hall be fo (as aforefaid) appointed by virtue of the said commiffion or cem-mHlions, the cuftomer, coHdftor, comptroller and fearcher of the head port, ihall by thfcmfelves or their fuffident deputy or deputies, fcrvarit or Servants, refide and inhabit, for the entring, clearing and pafling, (hipping and difeharging of (hips, goods and merchandize; (5) and by virtue of the aforefaid commiffion or commiffions, may likewife fet down and appoint the extents, bounds and limits of every port, haven or creek within his majeft/s kingdom of England, dominion of Wales and town and port of Berwick, whereby the extents, limits and privileges of every port, haven or creek, may be afeertained and known: (6) and it (hall not be lawful for any person or persons whatfoever, to lade or put, or caufe to be laden or put off or from any key, wharf or other place on the land into any (hip, veflel, lighter, boat or bottom, any goods, wares or merchandize whatfoever, (fi(h taken by his majefty’s fubje&s, fea-

8 7

1662.] Anno dcdmo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.i i.

coal. Hone and beftials only excepted) to be tranfported into any place of the parts beyond the leas, or carried by land into the realm of Scotland; (7) or to take up, difcharge or lay on land, or caufe or procure to be taken up, difcharged and laid on land, out of any boat, lighter, (hip, veflel or bottom (being not in leak or wreck) any goods, wares, merchandize what-foever (fi(h taken by his maiefty’s fubjedts, beftials and fait only , excepted,) to be brought from any pf the parts beyond the seas, or by land from the realm of Scotland, by way of merchandize, but only upon fuch open place, key or wharf, places, keys or wharfs, as his maiefty (hall from time to time affign and appoint by virtue of fuch commiflion and commiftions as aforefaid, in his majefty’s port of London, and the members and liberties thereof, in apy other port, place, member or creek, within his majefty’s kingdom of England, dominion of Wales and town and port of Berwick, without (pedal fufferance and leave first had from the comraiftionc^s and officers of his majefty’s cuftoms \ upon the penalty of the forfeiture of all fuch goods, wares and merchandize*

XV.  Andforafmuch as. U doth appear by daily experience. That For avoiding there are great prallices and combinations between the importers and

owners of goods and.merchandizes and the feizers and informers,

with dejign and intent i# defraud the force of the law, and his majejly informers, to

of his duties and cuftoms, (%) be it enadted by the authority afore- avoid oayment

laid, That no (hip or (hips, goods, wares or merchandize, (hall t°7e*ize

be feifed as forfeited, for or by reafon of unlawful importation anygewds^t

or exportation, into or out of this kingdom of England, domi- officers of the

nion of Wales or port and town of Berwick, or any the ports, cuftom*.

members or creeks thereunto belonging, or for not payment of

any cuftoms or fobfidics now due or hereafter to be due and

payable to his majefty, but by the person or persons who arc

or: (hall be appointed by his majefty to manage his cuftoms, or

officers of his majefty’s cuftoms the time being, or fuch

other person or persons as (hall be Reputed and authorized there*-

pnto by warrant from the lord treasurer or under-treafurer, or

by fpecial commiftion from his majefty under the great or privy

Teal: (3) and if any (eizure (hall hereafter be made by any other

perfon or persons whatfoever for any the caufes aforefaid, fuch

feizuye (hall be void and of none effedfc ; any ftatute, law, adfc

or provifton to the contrary in any wife nptwithftanding.

XVI.  And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, inany Aiit a.

That in every adtion, fuit, indidtment, information or profe- gainft persons cution, wherein or whereby the person or persons which are or  a"

(hall be appointed by his majefty for managing his cuftoms or  th

the officers of his majefty’s cuftoms, or any officer or officers, defendant person or persons authorized by his majefty to put in execu- plead the ge~ tioo the adt of parliament. For increaftng and encouraging of na~ ne™l ^ue-vigation, their deputies or fervants, or any others adbng in

aid of them, have been, are or (hall be fued, jndidted, pro-fecuted or molefted, it (hall be lawful for all and every the said perfons, their heirs, executors and adminiftrators, to plead the

G 4  general

gation in evidence.

For avoiding fraudulent com poll t ions by informers.

88 Anno decimo tertio & quarto CaROLI II. c.i i. [1662-

And give this general iflue, and to give this or the aforefaid a<fts of parliament relating tocu- re^at^ng t0 the cuftoms and navigation, in evidence, in any ot ftoms, or navil his majefty’s courts of juftice, or other courts where the said matter (hall be depending ; and the judges of the said courts are hereby ftricftly enjoyned and required to admit the fame, and to acquit and indemnify them and every of them of and from all fuch fuits, indi&ments, informations or profecurions, for or concerning any matter or thing atfted or done in the due and neceflary perform a nee and execution of their refpe^tive trufts and imployments therein.

XVII.  Be it hereby alfo enacted, for avoiding of fraudulent compositions, That if any feizer, informer or officer as afore-foid (hall rtot profectite to effeft for the bringing to trial and condemnation the (hip?, goods and merchandize by them feized or informed against $' that then and in every fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful to or for any of the person or persons which are or (hall be appointed by his majefty for managing his cuftoms, or the oracers-of me cuftoms, or other person or per-fons deputed by them, or thereunto authorized by the lord treafurer or under-treafurer, to make feizure of or inform against fuch goods and merchandize, dr bring his action for the fame by way of devenerunt, and that they (hall be efteemed and adjudged in law as the true first informers and feizers, and have the benefit of fuch informers or feizers ; any law, ftatute, ad or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftand-ing.

XVIII.  And that no informer or officer be fuffered to compound under one third of the appraifed value, upon lofs bf his office:

Koperfonirii- XIX. Be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That ulaaaeingthc if “Y °f the KinS’S  O  mcers 6r other persons appointed

cuitoms may to manage his majefty’s cuftoms, feafchers, waiters or other take any bribe person or persons whatfoever deputed and appointed by and or reward to under them or any of them, or any other authority1 whatfoever, connive at any and imployed in or about the affairs of the King’s cuftoms and n ry*  fubfidies,  fhall  diredly or indiredly take or receive any bribe;

recompence or reward in any kind whatfoever, or connive at any falfe entry of any goods or merchandizes, whereby the King's majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, fhall be defrauded or hinuered in or of his cuftoms and fubfidies, or other fums of money or goods prohibited by the law to be imported or exported into or out of the kingdom of England, dominion of miles, town and port of Berwick, be fuffered to pafs either by way of importation or exportation, the person or persons therein The penalty, offending (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and be for ever afterwards incapable of any office or employment under the King’s majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, or any authority derived from them ; (2) as alfo the merchant, 'mariner or other person or persons whatfoever, who (hall give or pay any fach bribe, recompence or reward as aforefaid, (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds.

XX. Pro-

1662,] Anno decimo tertio & quarto Ca&oli II. c. 11.

XX. Provided neverthelefs, That if any person or persons offending as aforcfaid, (hall reveal and make known fuch his or their offence in two months time to the treafurer of England, the chancellor, under-treafurer or barons of the exchequer, he (hall for that offence be clearly acquitted and difcharged.

XXL And be it further enabled, That all foreign goods and merchandize, which by the person or persons which are or (hall be appointed by his majefty tor the managing of the cuftoms, and the cuftomer, collector and comptroller, (hall be permitted to be landed and taken up by bills at fight, bflls at view, or fuf-ferance, (hall be landed at the mod convenient keys or wharfs where the said person or persons fo to be appointed cuftomer or collcftor or comptroller (hall appoint, and not elfewhere, and there or in his majefty’s ftorehoufc of the refpecftive ports, at the eleftion of the said person or persons fo to be appointed, and the officers, (hall be meafured, weighed and numbered, by and in the prefence of the officers to be thereunto particularly appointed; (2) which said officers fo appointed, (hall perfect the entry, and thereunto (hall fubfcribe their names, and the next day following (hall give account, and make report of every refpe&ive entry fo perfected as aforefaid, to the (aid person or persons which are or (hall be appointed to manage his majefty’s cuftoms; cuftomer or colledbor and comptroller aforefaid, without reafon-able cffufe to be allowed by the said person or perfons, or officers aforefaid ; or in default thereof, (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds. ‘

XXII.  Be it alfo enadted. That no (hip, veflel or boat, ap-

pointed and imployed ordinarily for the carriage of letters and pacquets, (hall (unlefs it be in fuch cafes as (hall be allowed by the laid person or persons which are or (hall be appoirited.to managers majefty’s cuftoms, or officers aforefaid/ import or export any goods or merchandize into or out of the parts beyond the seas, upon the penalty of the forfeiture -of one* hundred pounds to be paid by the matter of the said veflel or boat, with the lofs of his place, and all goods and merchandize that (hall be found on board any fuch (hip, veflel or boat, (hall be forfeited and loft.  '  *5 '

XXIII.  And whereas fome doubts and difputes have arifen concerning the said late afl, For increafing and encouraging of (hipping and navigation, about fome of the goods therein prohibited to be breught from Holland and the parts and ports thereabouts; (2) be it ena&ed and declared, That no fort of wines, (other than Rherrjb) no fort of fpicery, grocery, tobacco, potatoes,'pitch, tar; (alt, rozin, deal-boards, fir, timber, -or olive-oil, (hall be imported into Etrgland, Wales or Berwick, from the Netherlands or Germany, upon* any pretence whatfoever; in any fort of (hips or veflels whatfoever ; upon penalty of the lofs of aU the said goods, as alfo of the (hips and furniture.

XXIV.  And whereas alfo by the said afls. For increafing and encouraging of fhipping and navigation, tf/r impofttion of five fhil-lings per ton is laid upon all Jhips or vejfhls belonging to any fubjefls

89

Perfons revealing their own offences within two months, to be acquitted.

Foreign goods where to be landed, and how weighed and numbered.

Veflels appointed tor carrying letters may not import nor export merchandize.

An explanation of 12 Car. 2. c.18. of goods prohibited to be ’ brought hom Holland.

In part rcUaU ed by 6 Geo. i. c.15. f.i.

11 Car.2. c.18. Imposition of 5 s. per ton upon French veiiels.

 v^,ooQle

9o

How to be recovered, and the penalty.

Tonnage upon vinegar, perry, rape, cyder, and cyder-eager.

Logwood or blockwood.

»3 Eli*, c. 9.

39 Eliz. c. 11

Anno dcctmo tertio & quarto Carou II. c.u. [1662.

of the French Kinzy which Jball come into any port, harbour, creek er road of England, Ireland, Wales, or town ^Berwick upon Tweed, and jball there lade or unlade any zoods, or take in or fet on Jbort oq paffengerty yet notwithjlanding there is great difficulty in reccvtrm the said duty, hecaufe Jmall Jhallops come not into harbours where officers are, but either put their goods and paffengers on Jbort, or hatj come out of harbours9 which privately convey them on jbore> there being no penalty in the aQ againfi fuch offenders; (2) be it therefore enaded, That any fuch (hip or veflel upon which the above-faid impolition of five (hillings per ton is due and payable, which (hall either put on (hore, or put over into any boat, any goods or paflengers without payment of cuflom and impofition ot tonnage, at any time returning into any harbour, port or creek of England or Ireland, (hall not only pay the duties formerly due, but forfeit the fum of ten pounds: (3) and whatfoever pilot, waterman or boatman, which (hall from any harbour, port or creek, go out and bring any goods from on board fuch vefid, (hall not only be liable to pay the duty of tonnage which the said Veflel (hould have paid, but forfeit the fum of forty pounds.

XXV.  Be it alfo hereby ena&cd. That vinegar, perry, rape, cyder and cyder-eager, of any fort or kind whatfoever, imported from and after the four and twentieth day of June one thouiand fix hundred fixty and two, from foreign parts, is hereby rated to pay to the King’s majefty a fubfidy of tonnage of four pounds ten (hillings per ton imported by Englijb, and (ix pounds imported by (hangers, according to tne rate already impofed and fet upon French wines, to be colle&ed and levied for fuch time and in fuch manner as by the a6k of tonnage and poundage is directed and appointed; and the fame are by virtue of this a& ex-onerated ^nd difeharged of all further and other fums heretofore fet or charged upon those commodities, by or under the name of fubfidy or poundage; and in cafe of exportation, there (hall be repaid and allowed to the Englijbman exporter, the fum of three pounds ten (hillings per ton, and to the alien four pounds fifteen (hillings per ton, to be repaid according to the rules of the book of rates now eftablifhed.

XXVI.  And whereas the ingenious induftry of thefe times htb taught the dyers ^England the art of fixing the colours made of leg-wood alias blockwood, Jo as that by experience they are found as tying and ferviceable as the colours made with any other fort of dying-wd whatfoever; and whereas by a Jlatute made in the tnree and twentid year of the reign of Jpueen Elizabeth of famous memory, intituled, logwood and blockwood (hall not be ufed in dying of cloth, tfr.

( And by another fiatute made in the nine and thirtieth year of the &-forefaid fpueen Elizabeth, (intituled, The penalty for mixing or ufing of logwood in dying cloth or other fluff) all logwood alias 'blockwood, that Jball be found within this kingdom, Jhall be Mated, and openly burned, with divers other pains, penalties and formtms, upon fuch as Jball use the fame in dying cloth or other commodities, & by the said fevered afts aforefaid may and doth appear: (2) be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the aforefaid

ftatutes,

« 2

9l

1662.] Anno dttimo tertlo & quarto Caroli II. c.i 1.

(fatutes, and either of them, be and art hereby repealed and made void as to all claufes, articles, provifionS and penalties in any wile relating tb the prohibition or use of logwood alias block-wood : (3) ana that frbtn and after the first day of February one tholifand fix hundred forty and one, it fhall and may be lawful to and for any person or perfons, freely tb import into this king* doin of England, dominion of Walts, and town and port of Bet* wick upon Tweed, any quantities of logwood alias blockwood, and freely to use the lame in dying or colouring any fort of goods or manufacture whatfoever; the aforefaid two ftatutes, or any other law, ftatute, ufage, cuftom, patent of privilege, proclamation or other reftraint, matter or thing, to the contra-* ry thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXVII.  Provided* That fuch importation be according to Impofitionup-

the rules preferibed and enjoined in the late adt, intituled, An aft ?n logwood for encouraging and incrmftng of /typing and navigation ; (2) and  c.18.

paying a fublidy to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fuccdflors,

fbr every toh of the Aid logwood alias blockwbod, fo to be imported, after .the rate of five pounds, and after that rate for any greater or Idler quantity, according to fuch rules, (3) and under fuch penalties, as are provided fdr all other imported goods in a late adt, intituled, An dft of fubfidy granted: tA the King of tat- n Car,*. 0.4# tiege and poundage^ and Otbtr films of matey, payable upon merchant itze exported UnA imported^ dxctpting only that for all of the laid commodities exhorted according to the rules of the book of rates, thert fhall be repaid to the exporter the fam of four pounds per ton. ; the said rate of logwood edicts blockwood, to bt collected and levied for fuch itlnfie, and in fuch ^mariner, as by the adt of totfoage and poundage is'diredfod and appointed. 1

XXVIII.  And be it ftirthef ehadted, That fttt adtions, fuits uCar.i.e.iS. and information*, tb bfe had add obsamenced upon the a& For Cl aimers to encouraging and increafing of /typing and navigation, or any claufe focurity or article therein, may be efttred and profecuted in bis maje-r g^na cl 7. fty’s court of exchequer at Wtftmnfier y (2) that upon all fuch f. 6S. ’

fa its and informations to be brought upon the act of tonnage Onus probon-and poundage, and the a<5t aforefaid, or any other bft or ftatxrte di of ijoperty concerning the importation of goods or merchandize from the clanged to lie parts beyond the seas, if the property thereof be claimed: by any upon the person or persons as the importer thereof; in fuch cafe onus owner or probandi (hall lie upon the owfier or daimer thereofj •  claimer.

XXIX.  Provided, That in cafe the feiaure or information iiQur.t. c.is. (hall be made upon any claufe or thing contained in the late adt; intituled. An act for the encouraging and increafmg of /hipping and navigation, that then the defendant or defendants fhaN on his or

their requeft have a eommiffion out of die high court trf chancery to examine witnefles beyond the seas, and have a compel / tent time allowed for the return thereof before any trial fhall be Commiflion bad upon the cafe, according to the diftance of place whfcrfc fuch and time to commiflion or cbtnmiflions are to be executed, and that the ex- exim‘£c?r,^i amination of wrtneflte fo returned (ball be admitted for evidence ^ on m law at the trial, as if it had been given viva trsce by the exa+

minate

92

In what cafes writs of delivery may be granted.

All officers and persons to be aiding the officers and persons for management of the cuftoms.

Clerks and fervants about the cuftoms to be fwom for their truth and faithful-nefs therein.

Perfons employed about the cuftoms

Anno decimo tertio& quarto Carou II. c.n. [1661

iniriate in court; any law, statute or ufagc to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXX.  And be it alfo enabled and ordained by the authority aforefaid, That no writ of delivery ihall be granted out of the court of exchequer for goods feized, but upon good fecurity, and that for goods periihable only, or in cafes where the informer (hall defer or delay his coming to as fpeedy a trial as the courfe of that court will permit, and (hall be thereby ordered and directed;

XXXI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That one moiety of all the forfeitures before in this adt mentioned and appointed ihall be to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch person or persons as (hall feize or fue for the fame by bill, plaint or information in his majefiy’s court of exchequer, or any other his majefty** courts of record, wherein no efloin, protection or wager of law ihall be allowed.

XXXII.  And be it further enacted and ordained. That all officers belonging to the admiralty, captains and commanders of (hips, forts, cattles and block-houfes, as alfo all juftices of the peace, mayors, (heriffs, bailiffs, conflables and head boroughs, and all the King’s majefty’s officers, miniftersand fubjects whatfo-ever whom it may concern, (hall be aiding and ^rf&fting to all and every person land persons which are or (hall be appointed by his majefty to manage his cuftoms, and the officers of his majefty’s cuftoms, and their refpective deputies, in the due execution of all and every act and thing inland by this prefent aft required and enjoined, and all fuch who (hall be aiding and af-fiftine unto them in the due execution hereof, fhall be defended and laved harmlefs by vjftue of this act.

XXXIII.  And be it hereby alfo enacted, That all deputies, clerks and fervants, which now have or hereafter fhall have any place or office in or about the cuftoms and fubfidies by and under the commiffiofters, or other the King’s officers thereof, (hall before the first day of June next take their refpedtive corporal oath and oaths for the true and faithful execution and difcharge, to the beft of their knowledge and power, of their feveral trufts and imployments committed to their charge and infpeeftion: (2) and that no person or persons (hall hereafter be employed or put in truft in the bufinefs of the cuftoms, until he (hall first have taken his oath as aforefaid; and the commiflioners and principal officers in the port of London, and the principal officers in all other the out-ports, or any two of them, are hereby authorized to adminifter and give to all and every person or persons fuch oath and oaths as aforefaid, and to caufe the fame to be entred and regiftred in the cuftom house of every refpeeftive port where the person fo taking the oath as aforefaid (hall have his refidence and imployment.

XXXIV.  Provided alfo, and be it enalted by the authority aforefaid, That if any person employed in his majefty’s cuftoms, fhall demand or take any Qther or greater fum of money than

by

1662.3 Anno decimo terrio & quarto Caroli II. c. 11.  93

bylaw is now due, or hereafter lhall become due, or fhall <hall not de-put any merchant or other person out of his turn, without ex- J£k"da"or prefs order before, or immediate approbation after, from the m0rc rhan the person or persons who are or fhall be appointed by his majefty feet due by to manage his cuftoms, or the fuperior officers for the cuftoms, law. or (hall illegally detain the goods of any perfon, or fhall negled or refufe to make repayments and allowances which are or fhall be due fince the four and twentieth day of June one thoufand fix hundred and fixty> or fhall not, after notice given, give out and execute his warrant, fhall be liable to double colts and damages.

XXXV.  And for the better increafe of good and ferviceable Of what fize (hipping, and fecuring the publick trade and commerce, (2) be and burden it enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That all and every merch-

ant or other perfon, that fhall after the nine and twentieth day a^what men of September one thoufand fix hundred Gxty and two export any and ammuni-goods or merchandizes from any port of this kingdom, capable fi°n *h«y (ball of a (hip or veffel of two hundred ton upon an ordinary full fea,  t0

to any part or place of the Mediterranean fea beyond the port t^e exporta-of Malaga, or import any goods or merchandize from the ports tion of long or places aforefaid, to any port of this said kingdom, in any cloth and (hip or veflel that hath not two decks, and doth carry lefs than yMewooUm fixteen pieces of ordnance mounted, together with two men for &  #

each gun, and other ammunition proportionable, fhall pay to c. 10. our (overeign lord the King for all and every the wares and 6 Ann. c. 8. merchandizes fo exported or imported, one per  cent, over and * Ann.  c.  6.

above the rates and duties of fubfidy of tonnage  and poundage 3  eo*  1‘  c*7#

otherwife due and payable for the fame ; any thing in this adt before contained to tne contrary notwithftanding.

XXXVI.  Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful Provifo for to export from any of his majefty’s dominions, fifh into any of fbips «xport-the ports of the Mediterranean fea aforefaid, in any Englijh (hip ,ng

or veffel whatfoever, provided that one moiety  of her full lading be filh only, and in fuch cafe to import  any wares or

merchandize in the fame (hip for that voyage, without-paying any other rates or duties of tonnage or poundage for the fame, than were heretofore accuftomed.

XXXVII.  And for the better encouragement of building

good and defenfible (hips, be it enadted. That all and every Siilding'good person or persons that (hall within the fpace of feven years from and detenfibte 2nd after the five and twentieth day of March one thoufand fix Hiips. hundred fixty-two, build or caufe to be built within any of his majefty’s dominions any (hip or veffel of three decks, or two decks and a half, with a forecaftle, and five foot between each deck, mounted with thirty pieces of ordnance at lead, and other ammunition proportionable, (hall for the first two voyages which the said (hip or (nips make from his majefty’s dominions to any foreign parts, have and receive to his and their own proper ute and benefit one tenth part of the cuftoms that (hall be paid to his owjefty for all fuch goods or merchandizes as (hall be exported or imported on the said (hip or (hips, to and frem this

, kingdom y

9+

Salt brought out of Scotland to pay one haltpeny a gallon.

The occadon of inqreafc of poor.

Poor people going from one pariih to another.

How to be fettled, coming to any tene -inent under ten pounds yearly value..

Anno dccimo tertio & quarto CarOli II. c.12. [1662

kingdom ; (2) and the conimiffioners and officers of his mi-jefty’s cuftoms are hereby impowercd and required to pay the fame to the owner or owners of the said (hip or (hips accordingly, XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared ad enadted, That from and after the four and twentieth day 01 June one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, all fait whicl (hall be brought put of the kingdom of Scotland into this king dom, the dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Ttved (hall yield and pay, and is hereby made chargeable to yield am pay, unto the King’s majefty, one hatf-peny upon every gaHor of fuch imported fait of Winchefler meafure, at the landing thereof; any thing in this prefent adt, or anv former or othei law, statute or order to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding. Continued by 2 Will. & Mar. flat. 1. c. 4. ]\ 3, 1 Atm.flat. i.c. 1 $.f. 2.  3  Geo.  r.  c.  7.

CAP. XII.

An aff for tht bitter relief of the poor of tbit kingdom.

WHEREAS the neeejflty, dumber, and continual increafe of th poor, not only within the cities of London and Weftmin-fter, with the liberties of each of them, but alfo through the uM kingdom of England and dominion of Wales, is very great and ceeding burthenjome, being occafioned by reafon of fame defefts in th law concerning the fettling of the poor, and for want efadue provik of the regulations of relief and employment in fuch parishes or pm where they are legally fettled, which doth enforce many to turn inter-rigible rogues, and others to peri/h for want, together with tht left of the faithful execution offuch laws aniflatutes as have former• h been made for the apprehending of rogues and vagabonds, em for the good of the poor: (2) for remedy, whereof, and for tht preventing the perifhing of any of the poor, whether young 01 old, for want of fuch fupplies as are neceflary, may it pleafi ‘your moft excellent Majesty, that it may be enabled ; (3) and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conrent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefenr parliament aflembled, and by tht authority of the fame, That whereas by reafon of fome defedfc in the law, poor people are not reftrained from going from om parhh to another, and therefore do endeavour to fettle them-felves in those parifhes where there is the beft ftock, the largeil commons or waftes to build cottages, and the moft woods foi them to burn and deftroy, and when they have confumed it, then to another parith, and at last become rogues and vagabonds, to the great difeouragement of parifhes to provide ftocks, where it is liable to be devoured by ftrangers ; (4) be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and mat) be lawful, upon complaint made by the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of any parifti, to any juftice of peace, within forty days after any fuch person or persons coming fo to fettle as aforefaid, in any tenement under -he yearly value-of ten pounds, for any two jufticcs of the peace, whereof one to be 0i

the

i662.] Anno dcdmo tertio & quarto Caroli II. C.12.  95

the quorum, of the divifion where any person or persons that are Alfred and ex~ likely to be chargeable to the parifh (hall come to inhabit, by their warrant to remove and convey fuch person or persons to £  '  '  7‘

fuch parifh where he or they were last legally fettled, either as a 3&4W.&M. native, houfholder, fojourner, apprentice or fervant, for thec.i*-^3‘ foace of forty days at the lead, unlefs he or they give fufficient fccurity for the difeharge of the said parilh, to be allowed by the said juftices.

if. Provided always, That all fuch persons who think them- Perfon* griev-felves aggrieved by any fuch judgment of the said two juftices, cd may ap-may appeal to the juftices of the peace of the said county at their next quarter-feffions, who are hereby required to do them juf- ?effion*.~ tice according to the merits of their caufe.

III.  Provided alfo, That (this adt notwithftanding) it lhall Perfon* go-and may be lawful for any person or perfons, to go into any

county, parilh or place, to work in time of harveft, or at anyia time to work at any other work, fo that he or they cariy witn him or them a certificate from the minifter of the parifh and one of the churchwardens and one of the overfeerfc for the poor for the said year, that he or they have a dwelling-houfe or place in which he or they inhabit, and hath left wife and children, or fomeof them there, (or otherwife as the condition of the persons (hall require) and is declared an inhabitant or inhabitants there:

(a) and in fuch cafe, if the person or persons (hall not return to the place aforefaid, when his or their work is finifhed, or (hall fall (icK or impotent whilft he or they are in the said work, it (hall not be accounted afettlement in the cafes abovesaid, but that it (hall and may be lawful for two juftices of the peace to convey the said person or persons to the place of his or their habitation as aforefaid, under the pains and penalties in this act preferibed : (3) and if fuch person or persons (hall refufe to go, or (hall not remain in fuch parifh where they ought to be fettled as aforefaid, but (hall return of his own accord to the parifh from whence he was removed, it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace of the city, county or town corporate where the said offence (hall be committed, to fend fuch person or persons offending to the house of correction, there to be pu-nifhed as a vagabond, or to a publick work-houfe in this pre-fent act hereafter mentioned, there to be employed in work or labour: (4) And if the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the parifh to which he or they fhall be removed, refufe to receive fuch person or perfons, and to provide work for them, as other inhabitants of the parifh, any juftice of peace of that divifion may and fhall thereupon bind any fuch officer or officers in whom there fhall be default, to the aflizes or feffions, there to be indiCled for his or their contempt in that behalf.

IV.  And for the further redrefs of the mifehiefs intended to Corporations be hereby remedied, be it enadled by the authority aforefaid^ °r , That from thenceforth there be, and fhall be, one or more cor- c^cg of1 Lon-poration or corporations, work-houfe or work-houfes, within don and the cities of London and IVejlminJler, and within the boroughs, Weftminfter,

J  towns  Middlefcx,

Surrey.

Prefident, deputy-prefident, trea-furer and af-fiftants for Middlefex and Surry, how to be ele&ed.

City of Weft-minder.

Anno decimo tertia Sc quarto Carou II. c. 12. [1662.

towns and places of the county of Middlefex and Surrey, fituate, lying and being within the parifties mentioned in the weekly bills of mortality, confiding of a prefident, a deputy to the prefident, and a treafurer; and that the lord mayor of the city of London for the time being be prefident of the corporation or corporations, work-houfe or work-houfes within the laid city, and the afliftants to be the aldermen of the said city of London for the time being, and fifty-two other citizens to be chofen by the common council of the said city: (2) and that the said prefident and afliftants, or the major part of them, fhall and may eledt a deputy-prefident and treafurer, and all other neceflary officers hereby conftituted and authorized to execute the powers and offices by this a<5t appointed: (3) and that upon the vacancy by death or otherwife of any affiftant, the power to eleft in their rooms be in the said common council; and the election of the deputy-prefident or treafurer, and all other officers, in the said prefident and major part of the afliftants as aforefaid: (4) and that a prefident, a deputy-prefident, a treafurer and afliftants be nominated and appointed by the lord chancellor, or lord keeper of the great feal of England, for the time being, out of the moft fit persons inhabiting in the city of IVejlminfUr or the liberties thereof, for the corporation or corporations, work-houfe or work-houfes within the fame.

V.  And for the said places within the weekly bills of mortality in the said counties of Middlefex and Surrey reffectively, there fhall be elected and chofen by the major part of the jufti-ces of the peace for the said counties in their refpeCtive quartcr-feffions aflembled, out of the moft able and honeft inhabitants and freeholders of every of the said counties of Middlefex and Surrey refpedtively, a prefident, a deputy-prefident, a treafuirr and afliftants for the corporation or corporations, work-houfe or work-houfes of the places aforefaid in Middlefex and Surrey; and that upon the vacancy by death or otherwife, of any of the prefidents, deputy-prefidents, treafurers or afliftants in the city of JVefminftTy and places aforefaid in Middlefex and Surrey, the power to eleeft others in their rooms be in the major part of the refpedlive juftices of peace, who in their general quarter-feffioos from time to time (hall accordingly fupply fuch vacant places; (2) and that at every quarter-feffions they (hall require and take an account in writing of all the receipts, charges and dif-burfements of the officers and treafurer of fuch corporation or corporations, work-houfe or work-houfes, how and how many poor people have been employed and fet to work in the year last part, and what ftock there was and is remaining; (3) which prefident, deputy-prefident and treafurer for the time being re-fpe&ivcly, (hall for ever hereafter, in name and fa£t, be bodies politick and corporate in law, to all intents and purpofes, and (hall have a perpetual fucceflion, and may fue or plead, or be fued and impleaded, by the name of the prefident and governors for the poor of the refpe&ive places afore mentioned, m all courts and places .of judicature within this kingdom, and the

dominion

97

i66i.] Anno dedmotertlo & qparto Caroli II. c.r2.

dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed \ (4) and by that name .evety of the (aid corporations (hail and may without licence in mortmain, purdhafe or receive any lands, tenements or hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly value of three thoufand pounds per annum, of the gift, alienation or de-vife of any person or perfons, who are hereby without further licence enabled to give the fame, and any goods, chattels of films of money wtiatfoever, to the life, intent and purpofes hereafter limited and appointed $ (5) and that each refpeftjvp corporation, or any feven of them, fhal] have hereby power and authority from dme to time to meet and keep courts for the ends and purpofes in this expreiTed, at fuch rime and place as (hall be appointed by the fekl pnefiden?, his deputy, or the treasurer, who are hereby required upon the defire of any four of the feid corporation, at any rime to caufe a court to be warn* ed accordingly, and fhaU have hereby authority from rime to time to make arid appoint a common feal for the uft of the ftid corporation.

VI.  And it is further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Tbe powers That it (hail and may be lawful to and for the fatd prefidentof fa*d . and governors of the said corporations for the rime being, 9* jJJJUrnors^f any two of them, or to or for any period authorized and ap* the said cor-pointed by them'or any two of them, from rime to time to ap- porations. prehend, or caufe to be apprehended, any rogues, vagrants, ftur-dy beggars, or idle and dtforderly persons ^thin the said cities and liberties, places, divifions and prerip&s, and to cayfethem to be kept and fet to wofk in the leveral'and rdjkflive corporations or work-boufes ; (a) arid'it (hattand may be lawful for the major part df thejufttces Of peace jn their quarter^feflions, to fignify unto his Majesty’s privy council, the names of fuch rogues, vagabonds, idle and diforderiy pferfons and fturdv beggars, as they (hall think fit to be tranfported to the EttglMr plantation*; (3) and upon the approbation of his Majefbrs privy council to the said juftkes of peace figrvified, which persons (haft be tftwsfported, it ftrall and may be lawful for any two or more of the juftiees of the peace, them to tranfport or caufe to be tranfyarted from time to time, during the fpace of three years next enfuin*; the end of this prefent ftffion of parliament, t6 any of the Engti/b plantations beyond the seas, there to be dif-pofed in the ufual way of fervants, fora term not exceeding ieven years.

VII And be it further enabled by the authority aforefeid, A (lock for That if the prefident and governors of any of the said corpora-tions (hall certify under their common feal, thejr want and de- ^provided fe& either of a prefent ftock fpr the foundation of the work, ox in London, for fupply thereof for the future, and what fum or films of mp- Weftminfter, ney they (hall think fit fpr the feme, to the common council 0f MiddWex, the said city of London, and the burgeflbs and juftiees of pel'ce in burr*‘ their quartcr-ftflions of the said city of Wefnmfier ana the liberties thereof, or the juftiees of the refj>e<ftive counties of Mid-Hefex and Surrey aflembled in either quarter-fefiiony j That therr-Vol. VIII.  H  upon

9&

Anno detimo terdo & quarto CarolI II. c.ii. [1662]

upon the common council of the said city of Louden, the bur-gefles of the said city of IVeJlminJler, and thejuftjees of peace of the said cities and counties in their quarter-feflions aftembled, are hereby required from time to time to fet down and afeertain fuch competent fum and fums of money for the purpofes aforefaid, not exceeding one year’s rate from time to time ufually fet upon any person for or towards the relief of the poor, and the fame to proportion out upon the feveral wards, precinfts, counties, divifions, hundreds, and parilhes, as they (hall think fit: (2) and thereupon the aldermen, deputies, and common coun-cilmen of every ward in the city of London, and burgefles and juftices of the peace of the city of IVeJlminJler and the liberties thereof, and juftices of the peace pf the said counties of Middle-fix and Surrey, (hall have power and authority, and are hereby required, equally and indifferently, according to the proportions appointed as aforefaid for the feveral wards, pretinds, cities and parilhes as aforefaid, to tax and rate the feveral inhabitants within the said refpe&ive wards, precin&s and parilhes, as well within liberties as without; (3) with which tax, if any person or persons find him or themfelves aggrieved, fup-pofing the lame to be unequal, he or they (hall and may make their complaint known to the juftices of the peace at the next open feffions, who (hall take fuch final order therein, as in like cafes is already by the law provided.

VIII. And it is further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any alderman of the * city of London, or his deputy, or the burgefles and juftices of peace of the city of JVeJlminJler and the liberties thereof, or any two or more of them, or any two juftices of peace of the re-fpeftive counties of Middlefex and Surrey, by their warrant under their hands and feals, to authorize the church-wardens or over-feers for the poor within the places and parilhes aforefaid, to demand, gather and receive of every person and perfons, fuch fum and lums of money as (hall be affefled upon them by virtue of the taxations and contributions aforefaid; (2) and Ur default of payment within ten days after demand thereof made, or notice in writing left at the dwelling-houfe or lodging of every person fo affefled, to levy the fame by diftrels and flue of the goods of every fuch perfon, and after latisfa&ion made, to reftore the furplufage to the party fo diftrained.

Stocks for- IX. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforeiaid. That aU merly in Lon- ftocks railed for the relief and imployment of the poor in the don tor the re- city of London and liberties thereof, which was in the hands of **C(°*ho to a corPorat^on heretofore appointed in the said city for that fer-K°pai<L W v*ce’ or *n  °f  any  other  perfon or persons whatibever,

*  •  before  the nine and twentieth day of September which was in

the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and fixty, commonly called the feaft of St. Michael the archangel, or at any time fince, together with all the arrears of money formerly allotted for that fervice, or legacies given to the fame end, {haQ be payable to the treafurer of the corporation or corporations,

1662.] Anno dedmo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.12.

work-houfe or work-houfes, to be eftablifhed by this prefent adt, who are hereby authorized and impowered by themfelves ot their officers thereunto by them deputed, to colledt, gather, receive and, recover the said money and legacies, which fhall be due and in arrear as aforefaid; with which said arrears and every part and parcel thereof the corporation or corporations aforefaid by this adt made, conftituted and ertablifhed, is and fhall be hereby inverted and intererted for the execution of the fervice hereby enjoined them: (2) and all those that have had or now have any of the said ftocks in their or any of their hands, fhall be accountable to the said treafurer, or to those that (hall be appointed by the said corporation or corporations, or any feven or more of them, to take the said account.

X.  Provided always, and be it enadied by the authority afore-laid, That there fhall be a full allowance of all j uft and necefTary expences which have been laid out by the said former corporation for the relief of the said poor, and the carrying on of the laid fervice fince the time before expreffed.

XI.  And it is further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Power to f

the refpedtive prefident and governors, or any feven of them, raaJctorferf (hall have power from time to time to make and conftitute or-  "**

iers and by-laws for the better relieving, regulating and fetting

he poor to work, and the apprehending and punilhing of ogues, vagabonds and beggars within the cities, liberties arid places aforefaid, that have not wherewith to maintain them-elves, and for other the matters aforefaid.

XII.  Provided the said orders and by-laws fhall from time to ime be prefented to the jurtices of peace in their quarter-feffions ffembled, to be allowed by the major part of them, and con-irmed by order of the said court.

XIII.  And it is-further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Power to That the prefident and governors of any the said corpora- chufe and onion or corporations, work-houfe or work-houfes, or any four- tcrtain

sen or more of them, being afTembled together, fhall have here- cen# y power to chufe and entertain all fuch officers and others as lalL be needful to be imployed in and about the premises, id them,or any of them from time to time to remove as ley fhall fee caufe, and upon the death or removal of them or ly of them, to chufe others in their places for the canning a of the work, and to make and give fuch reafonable allow-ices unto them or any of them, out of the ftock and revenue longing to the said corporation or work-houfe, as they fhall tink fit.

XIV.  And it is further enadied by the authority aforefaid, yyj faeriffi, hat all fheriffs, bailiffs, conftables and all other officers and &c. to be af-inifters of juftice, fhall be aiding and affifting to the said cor- fitting to *be iration or corporations, and to all fuch officers as fhall be im-

oyed by them or any of them in the execution or performance  officers,

the said fervice.

XV.  And whereas the laws and ftatutes for the apprehending rogues and vagabonds, have not been duly executed, fometimes for

H 2  want

joo Ahno decimo tcrtio & quarto Caroli It. c.ia. [1661,

want of office?*, by reafon lord* of manor* do not hep cowrUktt Con (tables, every year fof the making of them; (2) be it therefore enaded the authority afbrefiiid, That in cafe any conftable, head-holding court borough/ or tithingman tyall die or go out of the parifti, any kets.  two ififtices of th£ peace may make and fwcar a new conftaMe,

neadborotigh or titfijqgmai), until the said Lord (hall hold a court or until next quarter-teffions, who (hall approve of the said officers fo made ajpd fworn as afbrefaid, or appoint others as t^ey tyalj think fit; (3) and if any officer (hall con-njiue above a year in his or theijr office, that then in fiich cafe tyejuftices of peace in their quarter-feijions may difchaip Fuch officers, and may put another fit person in bis or Act place until tye lord of the said mgnor (hall hold a court u ^forefaid.

Apprehend- XVI. And whereas fof want offome encouragement to fncbptrfn sm5 wa-$ or Petf0n5 ^  apprehend rogue*, vagabonds and Jhtrdy icgim^th

bonds. '  ftatutes blade in the nine and thirtieth year of £htten Elizabeth *W

39 El.,c. 4.  firjl year of King James, in which ftatutes the tunftable, beaihnqk

1 Jac. 1. c. 7. or tithingman of every parish that Jnall not apprehend fuch rogius^ vagabond sandfurdy beggars which/ball pafsthroughor be found in ttit said parish unapprehended, fuch conftable, headborough or titkin$ms Jball forfeit as in the faidftatutes is expreffed, are not duly exemiti] (2) be it therefore cnadted by the authority aforefaid, That it fhajl an<} may be lawful to and for any juftice of the peace, to whoni any rogue, vagabond or fturdy beggars fo apprehended How re-  ffiall bp brought, to reward any person or persons that (hall ip-

warded.  preherid f any rogue, vagabond or fturdy beggar, by granting

unto fuch perfori or persons an order or warrant under his hand and feal to the conftable, headborough or tithingman of hA parity vyhere fqch rogue, vagabond or fturdy beggar pried through unapprehended, requiring him to pay fuch person or persons the mm of two (hillings for every rogue, vagabond or ft urdy beggar which (hall be fo apprehended ; (3) and if fuch CQnftable, headborough or tithingman, refufe or rtegk&to $ the two {hillings as aforefaid, that then (lie said juftices ofpecq pr any other juftice or juftices of peace, (hall proceed agaidl any fuch conftable, Headborough or tithingman, accofdingtt the said ftatutes, and to compel him to pay fuch fom of mow; as he hath forfeited by the statute of the first year of King Jm aforefaid, and to allow put of the said forfeiture the (aid rwc (hillings, and fuch reafonable means and allowances for lofsa time as they (hall think fit.

Rogues and XVII. And if any person or persons (hall apprehend ae) V^ended at ro£ue> vagabond or fturdy beggar at the confines oir any county the confines which palled through any parity of another county un-appre ofanycoun- hended, it (hall be lawful for fuch person of persons to go n ty% how to be feme juftice of peace of that county through which fuch rogue dcfelt withal, vagabond or fturdy beggar pafled unapprehended, who is here by required (upon a certificate under the hand of fome juffia of peace of the county where fuch rogue, vagabond or fturd; beggar was fo apprehended) to grant his order or warrant m

do

i6H] Anne detimo teftio & quarto Garoli II. c,it ioi

der bit hat*} and fad? inquiring the laid conftablc, headbo-

rpugh or tithingtoan, to pay Onto fuch person pr persons as

iforefaid the fum of two (hillings, which if he, (hall refiife or

nqgtoa to <k>, then fuch juftiee is hereby to proceed against fuch

conibble, hearfbordugh or tithingtoan* and to caufe Wrp to pay  >

tol (hillings, or fo touch thereof, for his expences and lofs of

dtoQ as the (aid jjuftice of petite (hall think fit* ta filch perfon

or pferfohs, which he hath forfeited by the statute aforefaid

toade.in thenine and thirtieth year of the Queen.

XVIII- And whereas cohftablis, beadboroughs dr tithingmen^ (trO * may beat great charge ih relieving y conveying with perns, and in wrrylng rogues* vagabonds and Jiurdy beggars to hotijes of cor-ration or the work-bdufes herein-mentioned* arid as yet have no power h latv to make ratei to reimburfe themfelVes: (2) , be it there- Carth. *93. tore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all conftables, headborottghs and tithingmen fo out of purfe as aforefaid, together frith the churchwardens and oyerfeers of the poor and other inhabitants Of the Add parifh, (hall hereby have power and Authority to make an indifferent rate, and to tax all the occu- Power to piers of lands arid inhabitants, and all other persons chargeable make rates, by the statute of the three and fortieth of Elizabeth cbrtceming 43 piiz. c< the office and duty of oVcrfeers for the poor within the said pa-p(h; (.3) which rate being confirmed under the hands and feals of arty two juftices of peace as aforefaid, the said confta-Ne, headborough or tithingman, (hall have power by warrant under the harms and fads of two juftices of peace, to levy by diftreft and die of the goods of any person or persons refilling to pay the fame, rendring the overplus to the oWner if any (hall he.

XIX.  And whereas the putative fathers and lewd mothers of baf- Putative fa* tori children run away cut of the pari/h, and fometimes out of the then of baf* aunty, and leave the said bdftard children upon the charge of the pa- tard children, rijb where they are born% although Juch putative father and mother J™ni£|wa’0 ieveifiates fufficient to difebarge fuch pari/h; (2) be it therefore be proceeded enaded by the authority aforeiaid. That it (hall and may be again#, hwfalfor the churchwardens and overfeers for the poor of fuefi

parifh where any baftard-chiM (hall be bom, to take and feize fo much of the goods and chattels, and to receive fo much of the annual rents or profits of the lands of fuch putative father or lewd mother, as (nail be ordered by any two juftices of peace as aforefaid, for or towards the difeharge of the parilh, to be confirmed at the feffions, for the bringing up and providing for fuch baftard-child: (3) and thereupon it (hall be lawful for the feffions to make an order for the churchwardens or overfeers for the podr of fuch parifti, to difpofe of the goods by fale or othetwife, or fo touch of them for the purpofes aforefaid as the court (hall think fit, and to receive the rents and profits or fo much of them as (hall be ordered by the feffions as aforefaid, of his or her lands.

XX.  And if any person or persons (hall be fued for any mat- pcrfons fue<i ter or thing which he (hall do in execution of this aft, he may for matters«iii plead the general iffue and give the fpecial matter iq evidence; this a& may

H 3  \  5tod

 vjOO^IC

i02  Anno  decimo^ertio  & quarto Carom It. c.ia £1662

plead the ge- and if the verdid (hall pafs for the defendant, or if the plaintiff neral iflue. ^ nonfuited or difeontinue his fuit, the defendant (hall recover treble damages.

Lancafhire, XXI. Wnereas the inhabitants of the counties of Lancashire, Chefhire, Derby (hire, Yorkfhire, Northumberland, the bi/bop-rick of Durham, Cumberland and Weftmerland, and many other Northumber- counties in England and Wales, by reafon af the largenefs of the land,  parijhes within the fame, have not, nor cannot reap the benefit of the

Durham,  aft of parliament made in the three and fortieth year of the reign of

sekeSj. lateAai‘n rfefAthi^:\i2) *herrfore j*

43 Eliz. c. *. )l enaded by the authority aforelaid. That all and every the » Lev. 141, poor, needy, impotent and lame person and persons within >41*  eveiy townfhip or village within the feveral counties afbrefaid,

x Salic. 1*3.  from  an<|  after  the  palling of this ad be maintained, kept,

provided for and fet on work, within the feveral and refpedive townlhip and village wherein he, (he or they (hall inhabit, or wherein he, (he or they was or wfcre last lawfully fettled, according to the intent and meaning of this ad; (3) and that there (hall be yearly chofen and appointed, according to the rules and diredions in the said ad of the three and fortieth year of Qneen Elizabeth mentioned, two or more overfeers of the poor within every of the said townfhips or villages, who (hall from time to time do, perform and execute all and every the ads, powers and authorities for the neceffary relief ot the poor within the said townfhip or village, and (hall lofe, forfeit and fuffer all fuch pains and penalties for non-performance thereof, as is limited, mentioned and appointed in and by the said in part recited ad.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefaid. That the juftices of peace within the said counties (hall have and enjoy fuch and the like powers and authorities to raife and levy monies, and to do and execute all and every fuch other ad and thing whatfoever, within every townlhip or village within <  the laid county where they are juftices, as is given, limited and

appointed unto and for them to do and execute within any pa-ri(h or parifhes, in and by the said ad made in the said three 43 Eliz. c.i. anc* fortieth year of the said late Queen Elizabeth, under fitch and the like pains and penalties for the non-performance of their duties, to be levied and difpofed of as is nominated and expreffed in the said ad.

Power of the XXIII. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority juftices to aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the juftices ot roeueTand Peace *n any °f the counties or England and Wales, in their vagabonds, quarter-feffions aflembled, or the major part of them, to tranf* port or caufe to be tranfported fuch rogues, vagabonds and fturdy beggars, as (hall be duly convided and adjudged to be incorrigible, to any of the Englijh plantations beyond the seas. Provifoforthe XXIV. Provided alfo, That neither this ad nor any thing dean and therein contained fhall extend to be, or be conftrued, expounded chapter of 0r taken, to the prejudice or infringement of any of the firan-Wcftminfter. ci^jXcs> rights, liberties or privileges heretofore grapted by the

*  King?

i66*.] Anno dedtnotertio & quarto Caroli II. c.13.  103

Kings and Queens of this realm, his Majesty’s royal predecef-fors* to the dean and chapter of the collegiate cnurch of St.

Peter in Weftminfier.

XXV.  I*rovided always. That this aft, as to all the matters The conti-thereih contained, {excepting what relates unto the corpbra-nuancc °f di-tkms mentioned and conftituted thereby) (hall extend and be  of

in force until the nine and twentieth clay of May one thou- lx & ifyr. 3. (and fix hundred fixty-five, and the end of the first feffion ofc. 13. the next parliament then next enfuing, and no longer. Made ptrpetual by 12 Arm.flat. 1. c. 18./ 1. See 17 Gee. 2. c. 5.

CAP. XIII.

An aS prohibiting the importation of foreign bone-lace* cut-work* imbroidery* fringe* band*firings* buttons and needlework.

1X7HEREAS great numbers of the inhabitants of this kingdom V V are imployed in the making of bone-lace* band-firings* buttons* needle-work fringe and imboideries* who by their indufiry and labor have attained and gained fo great Jkill and dexterity in the making thereof* that they make as good of all forts thereof* as is made in coy foreign parts* by reafon whereof* they have been heretofore die to relieve their poor neighbours* and maintained their families* end alfo enabledj to fet on work many poor children, and other ferfins who have very small means or maintenance of living* other thanbyibeir labours and endeavours intbe/aidart: (2) and whereas the persons fi imployed in the said myftery have heretofore ferved mojl farts of this kingdom with bone-lace* band-firings* buttons* needlework and imbroidery * and for the carrying on and managing of the faii trade* theyt\bav* procured great quantities of thread and filk to be brought into the kingdom from foreign parts* whereby bis Majefifs cuftms and revenues have been much advanced* (3) until of late* that treat quantities of foreign bone-lace* band-firings* needle-work* cut-work* fringe* file* bone-lace* buttons and imbroidery were brought into ibis kingdom by foreigners and inhabitants of this kingdom* and fold to Jbopkeepers and others* dealers in the find commodity* as well by whokfale as retail* without ever entering of the fame in any of his Mofefkjs cufiom-boufes or paying any duty or cuflom for the fame •* (4) by means whereof the find trade and calling is of late very much decoyed* those employed in the said callings very much impoverijhed* the manvfaflure much deereafed* and great quantities thereof already made* left on their hands that make it* bis Majefiy defrauded and deceived in bis cufioms* and many thoufand poor people formerly kept on work in the said art* like to pexijb for want of employment * (5) there being daily great fiums of money exported out of this kingdom for the buying and fetching in of the said commodity, to the great impoverijhment of the nation by the confumption of the bullion and treafure thereof* and contrary to the feveralfiatmey made in the fir fi of King Richard the Third* in the third of King Edward the Fourth* in the nineteenth of 3 Ed* 4* c« 4* King Henry the ^Seventh* and the fifth of Fpnesn Elizabeth, and\*^f'c™'u to. aJatc proclamation made by fk majifiy that qrn is* dated the 5ei,c!7. ’

H 4 *  twen-

 t^ooQle

104  Anno dedkno too tc qoarttf Carwu EL c.i j. [f66*.

tvitnutth day */November lafi, fit tbt putting ihtfaUlatm in m-

ecuiiant  _ ,

II.  For redrefs whereof, and prevention of the like tniAhtcft for the future* and the better relief comfort and fobfiftepee oif those imployed in the Aid art and mannfa^tne* end for the qoickning* reviving, explaining* amending, and meet effitftusl execution of the lad ftatutes; (z) be it cne&ed by die &H*g’» aloft excellent Majesty, by and With the advice and eon Ant of the lords fpiritual and temporal* and commons, in this prefeat Foreign bone-parliament afiembled, and by authority of the Arne, That lace, cut- no person or persons whatsoever fhall from and after the twea-wor.k,,ra' ty-fourth day of June one thou fated fuf hundred fixty-two, All fringe,"Xand- or cauf* td be Aid, or offer to Ale* withk> the kingdom of Eng-ftrines, probi- land or dominion of Wales, or export any foreign bo tie-lace, bitedto be  cut-work, imbroidery, fringe, band-firings, buttons or nee<&-

®rfim* work made of thread, filk, or any or either of them, in parts Se-£«rondfea? the fcas, or import, bring in* fend or tottvey, or ettfe to Till a9 tniiarg- be brought hi* fent Or conveyed, into the kingdom of EngUni or dominion Of Walts, any foch foreign bone-lace, cot-wort,

5 w. &m. fringe, iiinbroidery, bamd-ftrings, buttons or needle-Work made ftreknbia. of tf*fe«l, fflk* or any or either of them* beyond the Aas* after inu made of the ftrft day of May, which fhall he in the Cnd year of owr Lord bair, and re- one thoufaftd fi* hundred fixty and two; (3) upon pain that pealed by j all and every person or persons who fhatt Ail <Jt ceuft to he fold* at to1' or  to  wA»- any foch foreign bottd-ktte, cot-work, im-

fcreign lace broidery', fringe* batnd-firbtg9, battens or needle-work, fhatt made of thread, forfeit and lofe for every offence by him committed contrary to this aft, the fom of fifty pounds, and the whole bone Ace, ear-work, iMbretdery* fringe, bond-firings, buttons er rteedfe-wurk fo fold or raided to be fold* or offered to Ale: (4) and Open further pain* That ill and every person or persons who (Ml import* briVfg in* fend or convey, or caufe to be brought in. Ant The penalty, or eonteydd ivrtd this kingdwi of  or dorrttriton of

any fuel# hOrte-kfoe* cot-work, imbroidefy* fringe* band-firings, bottom or needfc-work, then forfeit and lofe for every offence by him Committed contrary to this aft* the Am of one hnridftd pounds, and the whole bone-lies, cot-work, imbfeftfery, fringe, band-firings,- buttons « needle-work* fo imported* brought in, fent or Conveyed* or caufed to be imported, brought in, Ant or conveyed, <»ntrary to the form and efiVft of this prefent aft as One mo’etv aforeAld : (5) the rrioieties of all Which forfeitures to be to the to the King, lift of our fovereign lord the King’s tnajefiy, his heirs and foc-and the other ce(fors ; arid the other moiety to him or them that fhall foe for tecutor?*0 the fame in arty of the King’s courts of record, by bill, plaint, aftiofi of debt, information or otherwifi, wberem no efibin, protection of wager of law fhall be allowed, at every time and ’  as often as any person fhall be found to offend in felling, im-

porting, conveying or bringing in as aforefaid.

Every joftice HI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, °f  ^or r*,e Preventing of the importing of the Aid manufac-

*rant war* tures as aforefaid*- upon complaint and information given to

the

166i.JAnno decifno tertio 8r quarto Caroo H. c. i 3 — 15. 165

the juftices of the peace, or any or either of then, within their raatatofcarch

rdpefthe counties, cities and towns corporate, at times reafon- |°r

aWq he or they we hereby authorisedarid required to iflue forth £2ed £y tUi*

his or tbfir warrants to the cohftablcs of their refpeftive toon- aft.

ties cities and towriteorporMe, to enter and ftarch for fuch manu-

fadwes in the fhops being open, or wate-hosfes and dwelling*

houftsof foeh pefrfon dr penons asfhxH be fniycftcd to hawe

any bcb foreign bone-faces, imbroideries, eta-work, fringe,

bsnd-fttings, buttons or needle-work, Within their reipeftive

counties, cities and towns corporate, and to feize the lathe; any

aft* ifatute or crdirance to the contrary thereof in any wife not-

mthftandin^.

IV.  Provided always* and be it hereby cnafted and deehred, The time li-That ail infotmatrons, aft ions aind fuks that (hill be toynmenc- mired tor after! for any offence committed against this faw, Anil be brought "J5* UP°** *&“ and commenced Within twelve months after the difcovery ofaC ’ fteh offence j any former aft dr law to thd, contrary notwkh-lianding.

CAP. XIV.

An i£t (KrCftSifg the ptofecution of fuch as are accountable for prize uCar.a. c. ax.

gOodt.  EXT.i jCar.».ftat.i.

/-ad vv  '  c- 7* »jCar.».

C A P* XVo  itet«  i>  c*  3*

An dft fair regulating the trade of filk-tbr&urihg.  lc6£*7 CaM#

tt/Ht&EAS the company of filk-tbrowers within the city of The filk-V V London and liberties, ana au their fervants and apprentices throwers of within four miles thereof \ were quinto Caroli primi incorporated Loudon 5n-ani node one body politicly and are known by the name of the majlery ted by wardens, ajfijlants and commonalty of the trade3 art or mflery ^ car. i. ffkdhrmen of the city of London; (2) and whereas the Jaid trade is of finpilar ufty and very advantagious to this commonwealth, by implying the poory there being imployed by the said company in and about the cite ^London (as is exbrejfed in their petition) above forty thoufand nun, women and children$ who otherwise would una-vsiddty be burthenfom to the places of their abode; (3) and whereas the prefent governors of the said company by their petition pray an enlargement of their charter, whereby they may be the better enabled to avoid the many deceits and inconveniencies they daily meet withal by intruders, who have not been brought up apprentices to the said trade, and others who fettle themfelves beyond the limits of the said char-Ur, on purpofe to avoid the ft arches and JuperviJion of the said governors, by which means they are at liberty to make and vend what wans they pleafe, to the disparagement of the said trade,, and dif* imaging of the petitioners, and all others of the said trade that have duljferved apprentice thereto, according to the known laws of this nation :

II. For remedy whereof, be it enabled bv the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords Spiritual arid temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament a&mbfcd, and by authority of the fam;, That from Nonelhallufc

and

106:  Anno dccirfib tettid &quartz) Caroli II. dr5. [1662.

the trade off and after the twenty-fifth day of December, which (hall be m but*fuS^«r t^e year of our Lord one thoufend fa hundred fi*ty and two, ba*e ferved as no P^rfbn or persons whatfoever (hall diredly or indire6Uy ufe, apprentices exercife, continue or fet up the (aid trade, art or myftery of a fcren years, (ilk-thrower within this realm of England, unlefs fuch as are or (hall be apprentices to the said trade, or (hall have ferved (even years apprenticefhip thereunto at the lead; (2) upon pain that every person (o offending contrary to this a& (hall pay, forfeit The penalty. ^ l°fe the fum of forty (hillings for every month the bad person (hall use or exercise the said trade; the one moiety thereof to the use of his said Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to fuch person or persons as (hall foe for the feme in any of the courts of record within this realm Before whom °f England, or before any the juftices of oyer and terminer, or to be recover- the juftices of the peace at their quarter-feflions of the peace, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint or information, or by any other lawful ways or means whatfoever, wherein no protection, wager of law or effoin (hall be allowed.

III.  And for the better enabling of the (aid matter, Wardens, afiiftants and commonalty of filk-throwers, and their fucceflors, in their government; (2) be it further enacted by the autho-

pcvfon rity aforefaid. That all and every person and persons whatfo-pfing the trade ever, now ufing or exercifing as mailers, the said art, trade or uiLondomand myftery, or fuch as have ferved as apprentices to the said trade Jwlfenter ky t^e *Pace of feven years at the leaft, within the feid cities oL himfetf of the London and Wefiminfler, and the feveral fuburbs thereof, of said corpora- within twenty miles compafs of them, or either of them, (hall, before the twenty-fifth day of December, which (hall be in the laws andVr- Y^1* our Lord one thoufend fix hundred fixty and two, be deri thereof, admitted, and are hereby enjoined to enter themielves, into the said fociety or corporation, and to perform and be fubjeft and obedient to all fuch ftatutes, laws, orders, ordinances and can-ftitutions, as are or (hall be made or ordained for or concerning the exercife, regulation or government of the said art, trade or myftery, or of any person or persons ufing or exercifing the The penalty, fame; (3) upon pain of forfeiture of the fum of forty (hillings for every month he or they (hall use or exercise the laid trade, after the said twenty-fifth day of December one thoufend fix hundred fixty and twoj the one moiety thereof to the use of his said Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to fuch person and persons as (hall fue for the feme in any the courts or record within this realm of England, or before any the juftices of oyer and terminer, or the juftices of peace at their quarter-feflions of the peace, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, or by any other lawful ways and means whatfoever, wherein no protection, wager of law or eflbin (hall be allowed.

IV.  Provided, That fuch laws, orders, ordinances and constitutions fo made,; or which (hall be made, be not contrary, but agreeable with1 the laws and ftatutes of this feid realm, and

L * c the Cuftonts of the said city of*£ondon,- - •  -  •

V.  And

*66*.]' Aimio decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. t.tg:  167

V.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, The power of That the said matters, 'wardens, afliftants and commonalty,the rafters, and their fucceflors, (hall ind may, have and enjoy , and that it

(hall and may be lawful to and for them, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to do, perform and execute, within the laid cities of London and JVeJlminJler, and the feveral fuburbs thereof, or within twenty miles compafs of them, or either of them, all fuch' grants, powers, privileges and authorities, as by this prefent ad, or in or by the said letters patents of incorporation are given or granted, or mentioned to be given or granted, for or concerning the regulation, exercife’or government of the said trade, art or myftery, or any matter or thing' relating thereunto, or of fuch person or persons as do or (hall  ,  *

exercile the Came; any thing in the said letters patents, or any ad, statute or other matter or thing to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VI.  And whereas there is a necejfty lying upon the fili-tbrcwers, to deliver to their winders or doublers conjiderable quantities of filk, which being of a good value, is by evil-difpofed persons many times scnjujlly, deceitfully and faljly purloined, imbezilled, pawn'd, fold and detained^ to the great damage, and fometimes the utter undoing of the thrower who imploys the laid perfons: (2) be it further

enaded by the authority aforefaid. That every fuch filk-wind- The punifh* cr and doubler, who (hall at any time hereafter unjuftly or dc-  of (j}k-

XT’ fe,InJ anr£b£Kdi

part of filk delivered or to be delivered by any (ilk-thrower or delivered to other perfon, to them or any of them, to wind or double* that them, in every fuch cafe and cafes, as well the winder or journeyman fb offending, as the buyer and buyers, receiver and receivers of fuch (ilk, being thereof lawfully convicted, byconfeffion of the party or parties fo offending, or by one witnefs upon oath before one or more of the juftices of peace of the county or liberty where the fame offence or offences (hall be committed, or" if it be within any city or town corporate, before the mayor, bailiff or chief officer of the said city or town corporate, who ’ by force of this ad are impowered and authorized to minifter the fame oath, and finally to hear and determine all and every the offences aforefaid, and to give and make to the party ana parties grieved fuch recompence and fatisfadion for fuch their damage and lofs, and charges thereabouts, as by the said juftice or juttices, or chief officers, (hall be ordered and appointed;

VII.  Provided, That no more damage be given or awarded, than the party grieved (hall prove he* is damnified, and hath expended, in looking after the fame; and if the party or parties fo offending (hall not be able or fufficient to make recompence or (afisradion for the said offence, nor do make recom-r pence or fatisfadion for the fame offence or offences within fourteen days next after fuch convidion, in fuch manner and form, as by the juftice or juftices or chief officers (hall be ordered and appointed, as aforefaid; then the party or parties (b

of-

fcerfons receiving filch imbezSled foods, how to be punUhed.

10$ Anno-deeltno tertio & quart* Gabo&i-IT xx»6. [f66a.

offending, for the first offence (hall be apprehended stod whipped, or let in the (locks in the place where the offfcftcet* committed, or in (bine market-town in the (Slid cotmtyftear toifto the place where the offence or offences aforefcid (hall be committed, as (haU be limited and appointed by the find jtrftiee or juffices of the peace, or chief officers, and for the fecoitd offence to incur the like, or fuch further puntfhment, by whipping or being put in the (locks, as the (aid juftiec or jdftieet of the peace or chief officers (haU in their diferetion think fit and convenient.

_yill. And be it likewife emfted by the authority afotefirid. That, att and every receiver and receivers, buyer and buyers of ahy filk, or fuch as take to pawn any iiik imbesiUed or put-loinedy contrary to the true meaning of this aft, (matter of. feft being proved) (hafl make (ktisfeftion within the tme rfort-faid, or elle (hall be fubjeft to like puni(hmefit as by this aft is inflifted, or provided to be inflifted, Upon fUch pferioft fo imperilling or purloining any fuch (ilk as aforefeid. what perfons  Provided always. That it (hall and may be iawfblto add

may be im- for arty freeman Of the faM company of filk-throwers, to ftt 6q ployed not work and imploy any person or periods, being native 6ib-,  j«ft& to his Majesty, and no others, whether they be men, wo-

PP mien or children, to turn the mill, tie threads, double (ilk* and wind filk, as formerly they have ufed to do, although fitch person or persons who (hall be (b fet on work^ and imploydd m the works and fervict** aforefetd* (hall hoi haVe ferved or been bred Up as apprentices to the trade of filk-throwing By thefpace of feven years; (2) and that all and every the (aid person and persons who (hall be fb fet on work and imployed by any freemen of the (aid company, in the Works and iervites a-forefaid, (hall and may be imployed by any freeman of the find company in the works and fervicCs aforefatd, or any of theto, without any let or ttioleftation* anything in this aft to the coo*

Snotwithftandifig.

. Provided, and be it enkfted, That the (aid corporation poration may of filk-throwers (hall n6t by virtue of this aft, rior any thing not fet rate* therein contained, make any orders, ordinances of by-laws, to fct any rates or prices Whatfoever upon the throwing of filk, t<> bind or inforce their members to work at; but that their rcfpeftlve members (hall be left at liberty to contraft with theif refpeftive imployers, and alfo with the persons that they imploy, at fuch rates as they and their imployers and the per-fons imployed (hall agree upon; any thing m this aft to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

upon their woikmen.

EXP.

CAP. XVI.

An act for the more fpeedy and effeftua! bringing thole perfon* to account, whofe accounts are exempted in the act of oblivion.

CAP,

1662.3  Anno decimo tcrtio & q«$suto Caroli II. 0.17,18.  '109

GAP. XVII.

4? e& fp.r reljefqf cplleftors of publish monies, and their qfr flflants and deputies.

BE it cnadted by the King*s moft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confer^ of the lords fpiritual and temf poral, and the commons, in parliament now atfembkd, and by authority of the fame, That all collectors and other per^ Colle&ors and Ions who have levied or col)edted> or foall levy or colled^ any others im-fom or foms pf money, or other a# done, or (hall do in order Vty** m le-to theiame, by virtue of any adt of parliament now in force, or byvfitue'S?' of any other adt, order or ordinance allowed to beput in exer any aft of eutionhy any fuch a & of parliament, as afbrefaid, and who is parliament be-or (haH be fued for or concerning the fame, by any other than  roay

the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, he and they may plead the general lifue, and thereupon give the fpecial matter Hi evidence for his excufe and justification: and that all and every person or perions already fued or impleaded for any the caufes oforefaid, may notwithftanding any plea or demurrer already made by any fuch defendant, have liberty to changfe fuch his plea, and to plead the general iffue, if he (hall think fit fo to do.

II. Provided always, That neither this adt, nor any thing therein contained, (hall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the levying or collecting of any sum or sums of money which are pardoned by the late adt, intituled,

4* aft of free and general pardon, indemnity and oblivion.  xiCar.i.cii.

CAP. XVIII.

At aS againfi exporting of fheepy wool* wolf ells* rhortlings, faorlings* yam made of wool, wool flocks* fuliers-ewtb* ful-ling'ffyy* and tobacco-pipe-clay.

WHEREAS against the laws of this kingdom great number of {keep* and great quantities of wool* wool fells* mort-lings* Jhorlings* yarn made of wool* wool-flocks* fullers-earth or ftdhng-clay* are Jecretly exported, transported* earned and conveyed out of the kingdom England, dominion of Wales, the town of Berwick, upon Tweed, and kingdom ^Ireland, into the kingdom of Scotland, and into foreign parts, to the great decay of the woolen manufactures* the ruin of many families* and the deflruftion of the navigation and commerce of the kingdoms* town* and dominion oforefaid* which is like daily to increafe* if fame further remedy be not provided, and further penalties impofid upon the offenders therein:

II. Be it therefore enadted by the King’s mod excellent Exporting at Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri- carrying of tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame, That if any per- m^uing*’ tan or persons (hall from and after the first day of Augufl one iborlmgV

thou-

land.

i io . Anna decimo tcrtio & quar{0 Carou II. e.i8. [1662,

yam, wool- thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, direftly or indireftly ex-port, tranfport, carry or convey, or (hall caufe to be export-clay, out ofS e<^> tranfported, carried or conveyed out of or from the king-Engiand, dom of England,\ dominion of WdieSy or town of Berwick upoft Wales or Ire- Tweedy or after the first day of January one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two out of the kingdom of Ireland, into any parts or places out of the kingdoms or dominion aforefaid, or into the kingdom of Scotland^ any (beep or wool whariperer, of the breed or growth of the kingdoms or dominion afore-faid, or any wool-fells, mortlings,, (horlings, yam made of wool, wool-flocks, or any fullers-earth or fulling-clay whatfo-ever, or (hall diredly or indireftly pack or load, or caufe to be packed or loaden upon any horfe, cart or other carriage, or (haU load or lay on board, or caufe to be loaden or laid on board, in any (hip or other veffel, in any place within the kingdoms of England or Ireland, dominion ot Wales or town of Berwick upon Tweed aforefaid, any fuch (heep, wool, wool-fells, mort-lings, fhorlings, yarn made of wool, wool-flocks, -fullers-earth or fulling-clay, to the intent or purpofe to export, tranfport, carry or convey the fame, or to caufe the lame to be exported, tranfported, carried or conveyed out of the kingdoms of England or Irelandf, the dominion of Wales or town of Berwick upon Tweed aforefaid, into the kingdom of Scotland or into any fo-

Made felony, In part repealed

Aiders and af-fiftants therein (hall be adjudged felons.

, ' & 8. W. 1.  P®1^ > ^at t^en every fuch offence (hall be adjudged fe-

f. 4. 3 l°ny, and the offender or offenders being duly convicted, (hall fuffer and forfeit as in cafe of felony.

III.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That every owner of any fuch (hip or other veffel, and every owner of every horfe, cart or carriage, upon which any (heep, wool, wool-fells, mortlings, (horlings, yam made of wool, wool-flocks, fullers-earth or fulling-clay, (hall be fo exported, tranfported, carried or conveyed as aforefaid, or to any (uch intent or purpofe as aforefaid, knowing thereof, and being wittingly and willingly aiding, affifting or confenting thereunto, and alfo every mafler and mariner of or in fuch (hip or other veffel, wherein any fuch (heep, wool, wool-fells, mortlings, (horlings, yarn made of wool, wool-flocks, fullers-earth or fulling-clay, (hall be fo exported, tranfported, carried or conveyed, or loaden or laid on board as aforefaid, to any fuch intent or purpofe as aforefaid, knowing thereof, and being wittingly and willingly aiding, affifting or confenting thereunto, and alfo every faftor or fervant, or other person whatfoever, and every cuftomer, comptroller, waiter, fearcher, furveyor or other officer or person whatfoever, knowing thereof, and being wittingly or willingly aiding, affifting or confenting thereunto, (hall be, and (hall be adjudged and taken to be, a felon, and every offender and offenders therein, being duly convifted, (hall fuffer and forfeit as in cafe of felony,

IV.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, gainiTthis aft, That every offence which (hall be done or committed contrary where to be to this aft, (hall and.may be enquired of, and heard, examined,

Offences a-

i66i.} Anno decimo tertio & quarto Carom II. c.18.  111

ed, tried and determined in the county where fuch fheep, wool, examined and wool-fells, mortlings, fhorlings, yam made of wool, wool- tricd* flocks, fuller s-earth or fulling-clay refpeftively, (hall be fo packed, laden, or laid on board as aforefaid, or elfe in, the county where fuch offender (hall happen to be apprehended* or arrested for fuch offence, in fuch manner and form, and to fuch effeft to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame offence had been wholly done and committed in the fame county.

V.  Provided aJfo, That every baron, and other peer of this Peer*, realm, which (hall be indifted or accufed as principal or accef-faryin or to any offence made felony by this act, (hall have

his, her or their trial, by his, her or their peers, as in cafes of felony at the common law.

VI.  Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority None to be aforeiaid, That no pjerfon or persons whatfoerver (hall

any time hereafter be impeached for any offence made felony 0ne year* next by this aft, unlefs fuch person or persons 4halt be; thereof after the of-indifted within the fpace of one year next enfuing fuch offence fence commit-committed.  C(J*

VII.  And forafmuch as great quantities of wool, woolen yarn and Tbt prcfecution

wool-flocks, • are clofe packed find prejfed together with /crews and q- m*9 be within tbcr unlawful engines, into butts, pipes, hogjheads, thefts and other  j

cafks and vejfels, and into Jacks, bags and other wrappers made of\%

wool or linen, and under colour of hales. Jacks, bags, packs and cafks of other goods, and otheryvife, great quantities of the fame are daily leaden on board ofJhips or other vejfels, and fo are carried, conveyed, exported and tranfported out of the kingdoms, town of Berwick and dominion aforefaid; and alfo great quantities are daily carried and hid at or near the coajls of the fea, or fome navigable rivers, into flore-boufes and barns, and by night are laid on board of Jhallops, and other veflels belonging to aliens, and fo carried and exported out of the kingdoms, town of Berwick and dominion aforefaid', (%) be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the laid first day of Auguft, no person or persons (hall prefs together with any femes, preffes or other engines, into any Scroes and fack, pack, bag or other wrapper, or (hall put, prefs, pack or unlawful en-ftean any wool whatfoever or any yam made of wool, into any pncs for Prcf“ butt, pipe, hogihead, cheft or any other cafk or veffel, upon woof noTto any pretence whatfoever, or (hall carry or lay, or caufe to be be ufeji. carried or laid, at or near the (hore or coafts of the fea, or of any navigable river, or into any house or place near .adjoining thereunto, any fych wool, wool-flocks or yam made of wool, with intention to export, tranfport, carry or convey the fame out of the kingdoms of England or Ireland, town of Berwick upon Tweed or dominion of JVales, into the kingdom of Scotland or into any foreign parts, under the penalty of the lofs and 1*^*7• forfeiture of all £uch wool, wool flocks and yarn made of wool, as (hall be fo packed or preffed, or put or laid into cafk, or carried and laid near to the fea-fhore or to any navigable river as aforeiaid, or the value thereof.

VIII. And ..

 booQle

1X2 Anno decimotertio & qparto CaRoli II. C. iff. [1662*

Failing-clay, VIII, And whereas great quantities of fullers-earth or fulling-are carried and exported under the colour of tobacco-pipe-exported. tty* (a) *>c lt therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That no tobacco-pipe-day (hall from and after the first day of Augujl one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, be exported, transported, carried or conveyed out of or from the kingdom of England* town of Berwick upon Tweed* or after the firu day of January one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, out of or from the kingdom of Ireland or the dominion of Wales* into the kingdom of Scotland* or into any foreign parts, or into any port or place out of the kingdom or dominion aforefaid; un-The penalty, der the penalty of three (hillings for every pound of tobacco-pipe-clay which (hall be exported or tranfported contrary to this aft.

Packs of wool, IX. And be it further evaded by the authority aforefaid, wool-fells, &c. That from and after the first day of Augujl one thoufand fix mrriedbutin hundred fixty and two, no packs, facks, bags or calk of any Se^y-fimc! }ffQOU wool-fells, mortlings, (horlings, yam made of wool,

’ wool-flocks, fullers-earth, falling-clay or tobacco-pipe-day, (hall be laid or loaded on any horfe, cart or other carriage 1/vhatfoever, or (hall be carried or conveyed by land to or from any place or places within the kingdom of England* town of Berwick or dominion aforefaid, nor after the first day of January one thoufand fix hundred fixty-two, in the kingdom of Ireland, but in the day-tiipe and at feafonable hours, (that is to (ay) from and after the first day of March to the nine and twentieth day of September yearly, between the hours of four of the clock in the morning and eight of the dock in the evening; and from the nine and twentieth day of September to the first day of March yearly, between the hours of feven of the dock in the morning and five of the dock in the evening, under the penalty of the iofs and forfeiture of all fuch The penalty, goods or the value thereof; (a) the one moiety of all which forfeitures mentioned in this ad to be to the use of the King, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame by adipn of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any court of record, in which no effoin, protection or wager of law (hall be admitted or allowed.

Provifo*  X. Provided neverthelefs, That this ad, or any thine

. therein contained, (hall not extend or be construed to extend to repeal, difannul and make void any the penalties, cfaufes or provifoes mentioned in one ad ot this prefent feflion of parliament, made against the tratilportation of wool, wool-i*Car.».c.3i« fells* fullers-earth or any kind of fcouring-earth * (2) or to 13Car.2.ftat.t. the prohibiting of the loading on board of any (hip or vef-c- *4*  fel,  of  any  weather  fheep,  wool,  wool-flocks  or  other  goods  men-

tioned in this ad, that by the aforefaid ad is permitted to be loaden on board of any (hip or veffel, for the neceflary use or provifion of fuch (hip or veffel as aforefaid; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. Trovifo for XI. Provided always. That if any owner of qny (hip or vef-owners of fel, or any mafter or mariner, knowing of fuch tranfportation

2  of

IMz\] ^nordfqiflfH> towqiWTP CARQLJ II. Q,ig. if 3

of foch flwp, wool, WQal-feU$* mortfuigS* (horlings, yarn (hips that have

m*de of wool, wool-flop/s, fullers-earth, fullipjg-clay or to- Sf^fi^dSfeoL

bacco-rpipc-cJayj (hall within three months next after the know- vc* the ftroe-

ledgc foereqf, or after his return into the kingdom of England

or lnhm4% or intp the said town of Berwick or dominion of

IValis aforefaid, give the first information bona fide before any

of the fyarons qf either of the courts of the exchequer in flng-

Itftd pr frelqnd fpr the time b^ing, or before the head officer qf

any pqrt where he (hall ford prrive, upon his or their oath, pf

the number and quantity pf the good$ mentioned in this a#, fo Owners, Bfe^

carried, conveyed and tranfpprted, and by whom, where aqd exemtt/rorn

in w^at (hip or veffel, and afterwards (hall be ready upon rea-

fonable warping by procefs tq juftfy and prove the fame; that o/formif

then fo$h owner and owners, maffoi> manner and mariners aOs.

(hall nqt be puniflied for felony by virtue of this aft, bu* AaM 1 W\ *M. nevarthejefe bp fulyedt tp all pfoer-penalties and forfeitures ip fx,c- 3*-this or any other aft contained for the offence aforefaid. (a) <rommonnll<, and alj fuch exportation, tranfportation, carrying or conveying fance' of any the gpods, wares or commodities in this a<ft (peahQne(^> is hereby declared and adjudged to bp a common and publick nulancc.

XII. And for the better execution of this aft, be it for- Who may ther enafted. That all juftices of aflize, juftices of gaol-deli- hear and de-very and juftices, of peace, (hall enquire of all the prpmiftes in their general quarter-feffions, and hear and determine the fame* (2; and that all mayors, bailiffs and other head-ofo-<*r$ of cities, boroughs and towns, not having jurifoiftion to (fy felony, (hall enquire of all and' every offence within this aft not made felony, and hear and determine the lame.

CAP. XIX.

An at5? agatnfi importing of foreign vmUcards, eard-wyreor

iron-wyre.

TI/HEREAS by the acts of parliament made in the third year ^ £d. 4. c. 4. VV of King Edward the Fourth, and the nine and thirtieth year 39 Eli*. c. 14. of £>tieen Elizabeth, and feveral other Jfatutes before that time made, it is enafted (amongjt other things therein contained) that no cards for wool, nor iron thread (commonly called white wyre) Jhall be importedj fent or conveyed into this realm of England, wherein the fefl iron-thread or wyre for making wool-cards ts made, and by the said monufaftufe of making and drawing of wyre, and wool-cards 1 very many poor people of this kingdom, and their families have been imployed and maintained, and the wool-cards made thereof are of great concernment to this kingdom for the good making of woolen cloth \ (2) and whereas contrary to the faidfiatutes, not only much foreign card-wyre but alfo foreign wool-cards have been in tbefe Iqte times imported into this kingdom, and alfo within ike fame many old wool cards are by ill-difpofedperfons (for their private lucre) bought up, and the old iron wyre of the said old wool-cards, being very weak and infuffeieni for the well carding of wool* is put into new leather and new boards, 'and fo uttered and foil to

VoL. VIII.  I  tf-

H4

No foreign wool cards, card-wyre or ifon wyre for wool-cards, may be imported.

Tor importation of iron-nvyre, feexUiVT.Sc M. fdT. *.c.4. f. 16.

The penalty.

Anno decimo tertio & quarto Carol! II. c.io. [1661.

norant people for hew wool-cards, to their great detriment and indamaging of their work, carding of wool, and the cloth vm thereof: by all which, very great inconventencies have been founds experience of clothiers in their making of Engfifh cloth, which » lately much debafed and decayed,, and wnerein this nation is greollj concerned to uphold and encourage the well-making thereof in oni by all ways and means in any wife conducible thereunto; (3) be it therefore enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritqal and temporal, and the commons, aiTembled in parliament; and it is hereby enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That no foreign wool-cards or foreign card-wyre or iron-wyre for making of wooI-caris,be imported into this kingdom of England, dominion of Wok or any parts thereof, nor ufed within the fame, nor any card wyre taken out of old cards, be from henceforth put into new father and new card-boards, nor any fuch wool-cards made thereof be put tofale; (4) upon the pains, penalties and forfeitures hereafter following, (that is to fay) every person or persons who (hall import or bring any foreign wool-cards or foreign card-wyre, or iron-wyre for making of wool-cards, into this kingdom of England, dominion of Wales or any parts thereof, or make any wool-cards of any fuch old card-wyre asa-forefaid, or put the fame to fale, (ball forfeit the said wooJ-anb and card-wyre, or iron-wyre for making wool-cards, or the value thereof if the fame be notfeifed; the one half-part thereof to the King’s majefty, and the other half-part thereof fofudt person or perlonswho (hall first feife or fue for the fame by ad-ion of debt, plaint, bill, information or indictment, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at WeJlmtnjler, or within the county, city, borough or town corporate where fuch offence fliall be committed; wherein no efloin,protection, wageroTliw or injunction (hall be allowed or admitted.

II. Provided always. That this act fliall not extend to hinder the owners of any wool-cards, to caufe them to be amended for their own ufe, or to tranfport or fell (for tranfpomtion only) any their old overworn wool-cards, into any parts beyoad the feas out of his Majesty’s dominions.

CAP. XX.

An act for providing of carriage by land and by water, fsr the use of bis MajeJHes navy and ordinance.

izCar.*,c. 14. TX7HEREAS by an act entituled. An. aft for taking atyqth V V courts of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, end h knights fervice, and purveyance, and for fetling a revenue upon fc Mdjejly in lieu thereof it was amongft other things' enafted, fdt, the reafons and recompence therein exprefled, That from thenceforth no person or persons by any warrant, commiffion or authority under the great feaj, or otherwife, by colour d buying, or making provifion or purveyance for his Majesty, or any Queen of England for the time being, or of any the child* 6  rat

Provifo for a-na ending of old wool-cards.

 <^.ooQle

|6$2.] Ann*) declmotertio & quarto Caroli II. c.20*  115

rcn of any King or Queen of England that (hall be, or for his* their or any of their houfhold, (hall take any cart, carriage, or other thing whatfoever of any the fubjedts of his Majesty* his heirs or fucceflbrs, without the free and full confent of the owner or owners thereof had and obtained, without menace or enforcement, rior fhall fumrnoo; warn, take, ufe, or re-< cjuire any of the feid fubjedts to furnilh or find any horfes, oxtti or other cattei, carts, plows, wains, or other carriages, for thb tife of'his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, or of any Quetfi of England, or of any dhild or children of .any of the .

Kings or Queens of England for the time being, for the carry- . iag the goods ;of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, or the fold Queens, or children, or any of them,4 without fuch full rnd free content as aforefaid; any law, ftatute, cuftom or jfage to the contrary notwithftanding: (2) be it notwithstanding enadled by the Kings moll excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tempo-al, and the* commons in this prefent parliament affembled, md by the authority of the fame, That from and after the bur and twentieth day of June> in the year of our Lord God,

*ie thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, as often as the fer- How carriages ice of his Majefties navy or ordnance ftlall require any car- ^llbepro-iages by land within the kingdom of England, and dominion Maleftiesnavr ilVaks\ and town of Berwick upon Tweed, upon notice and ordnanct.' ;ivyri in writing by warrant under the hand and feal of the ofd high admiral of England for the time being, or under the lands4 ahd feals of two or more of the principal officers or ommiffioners of his Majefties navy, or under the hand and ealof the mafter of his Majefties ordnance for the time be-ng* or under the hand and feal of the lieutenants of his Marines ordnance, for the providing of carriages for the refpedt-ve fervice of the navy or ordnance, unto two or more juftice9 )f the peace dwelling near unto the place where the said car- , iages (hall be required, the find juftices of the peace may and (halt immediately iffue forth their warrants to fuch of the ad-aeent parifhes, hundreds or divifions, as they (hall judge fit vkhhl their refpedlive counties and divifions, not being above WclVe miles diftant from the place of lading, for the fending 6 acertain place, and at certain times (to be fpecified and ap->ointed in the (aid warrants) fuch number of carriages with lorfes or oxen Sufficient for the said fervice, as by the lord ligh admiral of  for  the  time  being, or by the mafter

►r lieutenant of his< Majefties ordnance for the time being, or >y the principal officers or commiffioners of his Majefties navy efpcdfively as aforefaid, (hall be by writing under their hands nd feals required ; (3) the owners of which carriages, or heir fervants, (hall receive for every load of timber per mile. The rates aU ne (hilling, for every reputed mile which they (hall go laden, lowed for nd for other provisions, the fum of eight pence per mile for 1,a£es* very tun they (hall carry j

I 2  And

u6 Anno decimo tcrck> & quarto Carol! II. c.a& [\66t

, II. And be it further na&cd by the authority afortfaid, That it fhali and may be lawful for the lord high admiral of England for the time being, by -warrant under his hand and feal, and alio for the principal officers and cotmniffioners of his Majefties navy, by warrants under the hands and feals ' of any two or more of them, as alfo for the mafter of his Majefties ordnance for the time being, by warrant under his hand and feal, and alfo for the lieutenant of his Majefties ordnance, by warrants under the hands arid fells of either of them, as often as the fervice of his Majefties iravy or ordmet refpeftively (hall require any carriage by water, to appoint Imprefling of fuch peribn or perfans as they (hall judge fitting, to imprefi perfons, (hips, take Up fuch (hips* hoys, lighters, boats or aoy Other riage*. °F Car  whatfoever,  as  (hall be neceSary for the accommodation

s * of his Majefties laid fervicc, (a) the owners of which fW (hips, hoys, lighters, boats or other water-carriage, afeff&id, or fuch as they (hall appoint, (hall receive for the hire <tf every fuch (hip, hoy, lighter, boat or other vcflel /dr nut, according to the rates ufually paid by merchants from tivfc to time; and in cafe his Majefties officers, and the owners jtffedt (hips, hoys, lighters, boats, or other veflels, (hall tot agrteta the feid rates, then the rate to be fetted by the brbtherhdod of Trinky-houfe of Deptford-ftrani.  <

Penalty upon III. And be it further enabled bv the authority afotdiid, fuch as ncgieft That in cafe any of his Majefties (ubje&s of this realm (halt or re u e. refufe, or wilfully neglcdt after reafonable riotice, to mate their appearance with fuch fuftident carriages by laftd, ot to fit, provide and frirnifh their (hips, hoys, lighters, bdati, or ' other veflels, for the fervice of his Majesties navy or ordnanCc, as is before exprefled; or (hall, after they (hall bdve undertaken fuch fervice, neglect or delay the fame, that then upon due proof and convitftion of fuch refufa1 or ncgledt by the oath of the conftable or other officer, or two oilier credible witnefles, before the said juftices of peace of the. county, or mayor, or other chief officer of the city or corporation where he or they inhabit (which oath they (ball have ptmtr to adminifter) for the land-carriages; ana for. the water-carriages, by the oath of fuch person as (hall be appointed by the lord high admiral, the principal officers cy commiffiwcn of his Majefties navy, the mafter of bis Majefties ordnance, or the lieutenant of his Majefties ordnance, as aforefaid, or other two credible witnefles, before the principal officers or commiflioners of his Majefties navy, or mafter or lieutenant of his majefties ordnance refpe&ively, (which oath they (ball have hkewife power to adminifter) thi party fo refufing or neglecting^ (hall for every- fuch refufal or negled, forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings for the land-carriage, and for carriage by water, * *  treble  the freight of fbch (hip or vcuel, not exceeding fifty pounds

in the whole, to the Kings majefties ufe, to be forthwith levied in default of payment upon demand, by diftrefs and foie of bis

goods

166a J] Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.20. s 17

and chattels by warrant from the said juliices of the peace, mayor or other chief officer, or from the principal officers or corti-xnifioncrs of his Majefties navy, or matter or lieutenant of his Mamies ordnance refpe&ivdy, (rendring to the parties the ortrplu*} upon every fuch file (if there be any) the charge of di-ftraiwng being first deduced.

IV.  Provided always. That no horfes, oxen, cart, wain, or The time of other land-carriage, mall be enforced to travel more days journey continuance in from the place where they receive their lading, or be compelled thcfcnricc'

to continue longer in the imployment, than (hall be appointed by the order of the said juftices of the peace, and that ready payment lhall be made in hand for the laid carriages at the place ofiading without delay, according to the aforefaid rates.

V.  Provided always. That in oue any juftice of peace, mayor, Prefent pay-chief officer or conftable, or any person or persons which mall mcnt to be be appointed by the lord high admiral, the principal officers, madc*

or commiffioners of his Majefties navy, the matter of his Majesties ordnance, or the lieutenant of nis Majefties ordnance as afore&Hl refpedlively, (hall take any gift or reward to fpare any No gifts or re-perfon or perfons, from making fuch carriage by land, or by wards may be water, or (hall injurioufly charge or grieve any person or peribns take?t^y through envy, hatred, or evil will, who ought not to make e'anr** fach tarriage, or (hall imprefs morefcarriages than the neceflity perfon. of the (Service (hall require, or than lie lhall be commanded to The penalty imprefi by hie ftiperiors, that then upon due proof and con- and h°w to be ttttion thereof, the party fo offending (hall forfeit the fum 0frecover ten pounds to the party thereby grieved, who may Ate for the lame, to be recovered by adion of debt, jn any of his Majefties courts of record, wherein no efibin, protection or wager of hw (hall be allowed: (2) and in cafe any person or persons None may iut-fhafl prefume to take upon him or them to imprefe any horfes, y*f*°*|*g‘ oxen, wains or carriages Cor land, or any (hips, hoys, lighters, ;ra " boats or other vefiel, for the fcrvke of his Majefties navy or aforefaid. ordnance, other than the person fo injpowred as aforefaid, then The penalty, be or they fo offending, (hall upon due conviction of the said 'pflencc, incur and fuffer the puniftiment in the first recited a<ft.

VX Provided always, and fee it ena&ed, That no fhip, skips and ref-hoy* barque, or other veflel wfaatfcever, that (hall be really, felt freighted and bona fidey freighted by charter-party, if there be other veif- by charter-fels in the port fitting for the fervice, or any veflel quarter laden with any goods, wares, or merchandizes outward bound, (hall P be liabie to be iqiprefled for any the Cervices aforefoid ; any thing in tilts a<ft to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.  Provided, That this adt, and the powers therein con- The continu-.

taiited, fhafl continue and be in force until the end of the first anceofthisatt. feffion of the next parliament, and no longer; any thing here-incontained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.  ii*Jx*W. 3.

VIII.  Provided neverthclefs. That in regard of the more Ct ,3. c ,/ than ordinary charge and burden which the inhabitants of New- inhabitant* of foreji in the county of Southampton^ will be liable unto, by rea- the new fopelfc fon of the great quantities erf timber ufually felled and carried of Soutbamp-

I 3  thencet0I)*

118 Anno decirrio tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.ai. [1662,

thence for the use of his Majefties navy; it (hall and maybe lawful for the juftices of the peace, who (hall by warrant lum. mon the carts and carriages within the diviiion orthe in the county of Southampton aforefaid, to have'power (as to the carriage of timber only) to allow as afbrriaid to the femal owners of fuch carts and carriages, not exceeding four pence per mile, for fo many miles as any cart or carriage fo fuminon-ed (hall go empty to the place of it's lading; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding,

CAP. XXI.

Sheriffs at the aflizes may keep no tables for others than of their own family and retinue.

Nor make no prefent or gift to any judge of aflfze.

The number pt fervants with liveries in England, Wales!

Penalty of aool.

Provifo for flieriffs of London, Mid-

An act for preventing the unnecejfary charge of Jheriffi end for eafe in faffing their accounts.

WHEREAS the office of Jberiffi, as well.by. reafon of the put and unnecejfary charges in the time of affixes and other pti-lick meetings, as by the tedious attendance and charge of Jbenfik faffing their accounts in the esc chequer, bath of late years hem m burthenfome to the gentry of this your realmy who in the late tints of tyranny and oppreffion have been great fufferersy and thereby nud tmpoverijbed in their ejlates and fortunes: for remedy wherein, your Majesty’s moft loyal fubjeds, the knights, citizens aad burgefles aflembled in pqtitament, do moft humbly hcfeech your moft excellent Majesty, that it may be declared and cnaft-ed 5 (2) and be it declared and enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of tk lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefa parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no person or persons being duly fwom into the office of Iherif for any county or (hire within this ydur Majesty’s realm, Hull from and after the first day of February next enfuing, io the time of the aflizes held for the said county or (hire during his or their (heriffalty, keep or maintain, or caufe to be kept or maintained, one or more table or tables, for receipt or entertainment of any person or persons referring to the faid.affixes, other than those that (hall be of his own family or retinae; (3) nor (hall make or fend in any prefent tb any judge or judges of aflize for his or their provifion, nor give any gratuity to his or their officers or fervants, or any of them ; (4} and alto that no (heriff (hall after the said first day of February have more than forty men-fervants with liveries attending upon him in the time of the said aflizes, nor under the number of twenty men-fervants, in any county whatfoever within the kingdom of England, nor under the number of twelve men-fervants in any county within the dominion of Woks ; (5) upon pain this every fherifF offending in any of the premises contrary to tk true meaning hereof, (hall forfeit for every default the fum of two hundred pounds.

II. Provided that nothing before in this aft contained fhallinasy wife extend unto, or any ways concern, the fheriffs of the city rf London ajid ]\diddlefet) and the Iheriff of IVeJhnerlcnd, or either

d

1662.] Anno decimo terdo & quarto Caroli II* c.21.  119

of them, or any of the (heriffs of or belonging to any city and dlefex, Weft-county, or town and county within this realm 5 but that the roeriand, and lame Iheriff or (heriffs (hall or may do as heretofore hath been ufed or accuftomed within the said county of Middlefex and cities of I London and Wtjiminfltr, and fuch otner cities and counties, or towns and counties aforefaid ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

HI. And to the ini that Joeriffs may for the time future be eafed lair'd of the great charge and trouble which they heretofore have been put *n paffingtheir to in pajjing their accounts in the exchequer, occasioned partly in re- account* in the gard that divers fums of money have food chargedupon them in grofs, exchequer. without exprejfing from what perfons, for what caufe, or out of what lands or tenements the fame are to be particularly levied, or out of what particulars the faidJums in grofs do arife, (whereby it cometh to pafs that the said fberiffs do JHU (land charged in grofs with divers fums of moneys which were heretofore payable by abbots, priors, perform attainted, and fuch other perfons, whofe ejlates have fince come to the crown, or are otberwife difeharged or aneviable) and partly by the account of feizures or foreign account, and by the exallion of undue fees of fberiffs upon their appofal concerning the fame:

IV. For the preventing whereof, and for the future eafe of Seizures of (heriffs in palling their accounts, be it ena&ed and declared, lands remain -That from henceforth every feizure for or concerning any lands, j^fchacimw ** tenements and hereditaments, now remaining charged in the ,6$0# foreign account of any Iheriff or (heriffs within the kingdom of England for the year ended at Michaelmas one thoufand fix hundred and fixty, (hall be from the (aid foreign account charged particularly in the great roll ef the exchequer; (2) and mat the feveral remembrancers of the said court, or their refpe&ive deputies, do in their refpedive offices forthwith, and fo from time to time for the future, write and make true and perfedt copies of all and every (uch other feizure and inquifition as Seizures bere-already are or hereafter (hall be certified into their refpe&ive aftcr t^jen or offices, without certifying the copy of the writ, or commiffion rcturncd# at large, upon which fuch feizure or inquifition is or (hall be lo taken and returned, mentioning only in brief the date of the said writ or commiffion, and (hall deliver the fame copies well and truly examined and attefted under his or their hands, to the engroffer of the laid gre*t roll $ ( 3) and that all fuch of the laid feizure? and inquifitions as now are returned into any of their refpedtive offices (hall be delivered before the first day of February next coming : and that all fuch other feizures as lhall hereafter be returned or Certified into their refpeitive offices, lhall be delivered fo examined and attefted as aforefaid, to the said engrofler before the first day of the next term after the said remembrancers (hall have received the fame, fo as the fame maybe charged in the great rolj, to the end that the.procefs of the court may from thence iffue for levying the iflues and profits thereof to the use of the crown; (4) unto whioh said remem- Fees to there-brancers Qr their deputies, (hall be from time to time paid for membraacer*.

I 4  every

Sheriffs (hall not anfwer i lie viable fei-zdret, farm, rajti, fcc.

12b* Abho cWeiiho terabyte ^Uarto CAkOt! II. t.Bl» [k6&.

every fheet which they, 6f their rtfpeiftivfe dfcfka, (hall fo write and deliver* the fum Pf eight pence* the ftme to be p±id uttto them by the aforefaid retydftiVe fheriffs, who fhill be allowed the famd by the barbh* upon their mfpfe&iVC *c-counti, Out 6f the fflbes ahd profits arifing out of thb premises to JUzed ; (0 and ho fheriff or fheriffs for this jftefettt Veat pne thoufana fik hundred fixty and one, hot any fheriff or fheriffs to be hereafter made or appointed within thfe kingdom of England, (hill be changed in account to anfWir ahy illeVhrblt feiztwe* firth, reftt 6r debt* or other ftizurfe, farm, tent, debt, matter or thing whatfoeVer, Which Was hot Writ in procefe to hito or them to bte levied, wherein the pefrfbhs of # whom, or the lands or tehements out of which, together With the caufe for which the fame fhall be fo levied, fh*H be plathly and particularly expreffed, btit (hall be thereof Wholly rfU* Charged, without petition, plea, or other trouble of* chafge whatfoever.

Seizures be- V. And it is hereby further enabled and declared. That all filers others ^zures heretofore made before the first year of the reign of the tcTbTleft out ^te King James of ever blefled memory, now remaining m of the /herill* tftfe accounts of fheriffs, and all fetzures and debts which arc account. pardoned, fhall* be and are hereby folly difcharged ; and that the fame and every of them fhall hereafter be left om Of fheriffk accounts, without further order, plea, petition, or othfcr cfcwge to any foerHFpt fheriffs whatfoever; (a) ahd that no prbcdfc fhall from hetreeforth be written forth to any fheriflr lor the levying of the feme, or any of them, nor for ahy other rent or farm, which cannot be explained by foftihg forth the particulars thereof, or Which have been mrthfweted by foe fpace df forty years Jaft paft; (3) and that all other flfcad fata* and feizures, and aH defperate, illCvrabfe, and untrttefKg^ble debts lhall be removed out of the annual roll, and fheriffs change, into the exannual rdll, there to remain, uOtffl by com-mifltem they foal! be revived and made anforerable.

VI.  Ana to the end that all new debts arifing ihdcoming into the exchequer for the future may be fent forth in jnroews Within convenient fftne, be it alfo enacted and declared. That the aforefitid feveral remembrancers do forthwith inrol and certify to the ftid ingroffer 6f the great roll, all fech debts as any fheriff or fheriffs of this realm are or hereafter fhall be charged withal, either by virtue of their refpeftive retoms made to the barrins of the said exchequer upon hfs Majesty’s writs offieri facias, levari facias, capias of other procefs; (2; arid alfo of all fines and amerciaments which are or fhall be fet and hnpofed by the court of exchequer, upon any fheriff or fheriffs for his or their contehnpts 01 negledte; (that is to fay) That all and every fuch debts, fines and Amerciaments, as now are returned, fet or impofed in any of the said offices, fhall be delivered as aforefaid, before the first day of February next enfoing: £3) and all fuch debts, fines and amerciaments as fhail hereafter

be

Procefs for debts to be Tent forth in convenient time.

i6&.] Aririo dedrtib ttrtio 6t quarto CAROIl II. G.2  121

be iretilmed, Tet or impeded in tiiny df the refpedive offices,

(hall be alfo delivered by the first day of the next term after

fuch retoms made, or fuch fines and amerciaments fo fet or

impofed \ (4) that fo they may be all charged in the fheriffs

accounts rcfpeftively, ana comprehended within his or their

quietus *Jl; (5) upon pain that every officer or officers in the The penalty

faid exchequer, who (hall in any thing offend contrary to this upon officer*

ptefent ad, (haH forfeit the fum of forty pounds for every fuch doing amr

offence; thereof one moiety (hall be to the King, his heirs

and (uceeffors, arid the other moiety to the party or parties

who (hall be thereby aggrieved, to be recovered oy adion of

debt, bill, plaint Or information in any of his Majesty’s courts

at Wejiminjhr, wherein no efloin, protedion, privilege or wager

of law (hall be alloWed or admitted.

VII.  And it is hereby further provided and ordained. That 9 Ed. a.ft. *. n6 person (haH be afltgned to be (heriff of any county within '5 Ed. 3. c. 4. this realm, except fuch as have lands within the Fame County

fufficient to anfwer the King and his people.

VIII.  And whereas form aft made in the one and twentieth year 2, jac 1. c. 5. of the reign of our late sovereign hrd King James over England, it

was provided. That whenfotver arty fheriff upon faffing his accounts,

Jhould have his quietus eft, that fo fbould he thereby abfolutefy dif A quietus eft charged of all fums of money by him levied and received, and pre- to be a fuffi-tended not to be accounted fit within the said account whereupon he ^cnt ^harge bad his quietus eft, ttrdejs fuch fheriff should be called in queftion for fiich films of money fo pretended to be levied and not accounted fir, tioned within within fotet years after the time of fuch account, and quietus eft; Four years af-which aft notwhhftanding% divers fheriffs and their heirs upon fuch **rgrwit pretences have been mokftod and ttoubled many years after their ac- tilcrcoL counts, end quietus eft, and have hadprocejsfent out against themy contrary to thetrue intent andmeaning ofthefaidaft\ (2} it is hereby further provided and enaded, That when any (heriff or (heriffs within the kingdom of England or dominion of Wales^ upon parting their accounts (hall have their quietus eft* that then fuch iheriff and (heriffs, their heirs, executors and adminiftrators, lands, tenements, goods and chattels, fhall be thereby abfoflutt-ly difeharged of all manner of finh or firms of money what-foever by them levied and received, notwithftanding any fiich pretence that the fame were not accounted for, or other pretence whatfoever, unlcfs (pch (heriff or (heriffs (hall be called in queftion, and that judgment (hall be given against him or them for the fame, within foijf years next after fuch account or quietus eft ; (3) and that every officer or minifter by whom, or by whofe dctault, any writ or pfpeefs contrary to this ad (hall be font out, (hall incur the like forfeitures and penalties, to be recovered and inflided by fuch perions, and in fuch manner. as by the aforefaid ad is provided.

IX.  Provided always, That this ad, or any thing therein  T

contained, fhall not extend to the counties of Cbefter, Lancajhr, carter, bur-Durhanu or the counties of Wuhs being County Palatines, as ham, Wale?.

Iq For Chefter,

 t^ooQle

17.Z

fee 3 Geo. t. c. 15.f. *J.

Provifo touch • jng the King's remembrancer and lord treafurer’s re-pjetnbrancer.

Anno^derima tertio & quarto Carou IV c&j. [1662.'

to their manner of accounting, but that the (heriffs therein (hall account as formerly before the refpe&ive auditors only, and not ejfewhere.

X.  Provided, That this a<5l, or any thihg therein contained, (hall not extend to enjoin his Majesty’s remembrancer, or the lord treafurer’s remembrancer, to tranfcribe and deliver,to the ingrofler of the great roll, any inquifitions or feizures, but fuch as have been formerly charged in the foreign accounts of the (heriffs; (2) but for all inquifitions upon attainders, or other forfeitures to the crown, the fame (hall be put in charge as heretofore they have been, according to the conftant ufage and decree of the court of exchequer; (3) nor (hall this ad, or any thing therein contained, extend to exclude his Majesty’s said remembrancer of or from the writing forth procefs for or upon any his Majesty’s debts, duties, ontlawries, or other charge whatfoever, or procefs of levari facia, at the profecution of any person or perfons, to levy the iflues or profits of any lands or tenements feifed or to be feifed into the King’s hands, or procefs of venditioni exponas for goods feized or to be* feized upon any debt to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, or upon any outlawry, or to alter or cnange the pleadings or other proceedings heretofore ufed and accuftomed in the said office upon any pleadings touching the said debts, duties and feizures, or any of them whatfoever; (4) and that no debt, duty, fine, amerciament or feizure whatfoever, which (hall be charged in the said grtat roll of the pipe upon any person whatfoever, by or from any record, procefs or proceeding had, made, filed, or recorded in the office of his Majesty’s remembrancer of his exchequer, nor any procefs or proceeding thereupon to be had or made by virtue of this a<5t, (hall be refpited, (fayed, mitigated, extenuated, compounded, or otherwife difeharged, but by order, warrant or judgment made, filed or entered in the said office of his Majesty*s remembrancer, where the original of fuch debt, duty or charge as atorefaid, is and remaineth: (5) and that in cafe any procefs of furomons of the pipe have been or (hall be awarded for or upon any fuch debt, duty, fine, amerciament or feizure whatfoever, and the fame debt, duty, fine, amerciament or feizurej (hall not upon fuch fummons of the pipe be levied or anfwered unto his Majesty; that then the clerk of the pipe, or engrofler of the great roll, (hall the next term after the return of fuch fummons certify the fame in a fchedulc into the office of his Majesty’s remembrancer aforefaid, to the end that further procefs may be frqm thence written forth, for the levying and anfwering therepf; (6) and that this aor or any thing therein contained, (nail not extend unto, nor be construed to be prejudicial to his Majefiy’s remembrancer in his exchequer, in any juft, antient and lawful fees by him claimed, or belonging or incident to his office, and ufually had and received by him or his predeceflors ; any thing in this aflt contained tp the contrary in any wife notwitfiftanding.

XI. This

*662.] Anno tertio & qyarto Caroli II. c.at. 12,3

• XJ. Thisa<& to coppnuc to the end of the first feffion of the The oontinu-peart parliament, and no longer. Made perpetual by 1 Jqcf 2, ancc*

4-

CAP. XXII.

ife a& for preventing of theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England.

WHEREAS a great number of lewd, diforderly and lawlefs perfons, being thieves and robbers, who are commonly railed Mofs-Troopers, have fuccefftvely for many and fundry years lajl paft been bred, refuted in, and freauented, the borders of the two refpec-the counties of Northumberland and Cumberland, and the next adjacent parts of Scotland, and they taking the opportunity of the large wajle grounds, heaths and mojfes, ana the many intricate and dangerous ways and by-paths in those parts, do ufually, after the moji notorious crimes committed by them, efcape over from the one kingdom into the other refpeftively, and fo avoid the hand of jujiice, in regard the offences done and perpetrated in the one kingdom cannot be punijbed in the other.

II.  And whereas fince the time of the late unhappy dijlratiions, fuch offences and offenders as aforefaid have exceedingly more in-freafed and abounded, and the feveral inhabitants of the said refpeflive counties have been for divers years lajl pqflnecefjitated, at their ownfree and voluntary charge to maintain feveral parties of horfe for the ne-ceffary defence of their perfon}, families and goods, and to the end the aforefaid evil and pernicious members might be apprehended and brought to judgment; (2) and whereas the miff part of the inhabitants of the said counties, being more remote from the borders than other parts, and confequently not fo much expofed to imminent dangers as others, are therefore unwilling to contribute their pro• portionahlt parts of the aforefaid charge, and yet notwithstanding it cannot probably or poffibly be avoided, but that those inhabitants of the refpcdtive counties vjhd bold tbemfelves mof ftcure, tnujl certainly fuff tain much damage and detriment in their goods and eftates, in cafe the aforefaid Mofs-Troopers be not timely fuppreffed, but fuffered to grow numerous, frong and potent, which they mujl needs do in cafe there be no rejlraint upon them; (3) be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pre-fent parliament aflembled, and by authority thereof, That from and after the feaft of St. Michael the archangel, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, for and during the term of five years next enfuing the date of this prefent a<5t, it fhall and may be lawful for the refpe&ive juftices of peace of the said refpe&ive counties, or the major part of them, at any general feflions of the peace to be holden for the said counties refpedlively, on the behalf of the said counties, or either of them, from time to time as they fhall fee occalion, to make an order in open court of feflions for charging, according to their feveral proportions, all and every the fevei al

.inhabitants

 v^.ooQle

124 Anno dicirtio ttrtfo &^tiarto Ca&6l1 ll. c.l*. [1-662,

inhabitants <frf the fiid refpedive counties* for the lifeguard and fecuting of the said federal counties and inhabitants thereof, from all injury, violence, fpoil and rapine of the Mof*-Tr$epen aforefaid.

III.  Provided, That the laid county of Northumberland be hot by force of this ad at any dme charged above the (am of five hundred pounds in the year * nor tbn said county of Cumberland charged above the fum of two hundred pounds in the year: (2) And for this end and purpofe, the said feveral juftices of peaqe of the refpedive counties aforefaid are hereby ithpower-ed and authorized at any their general qnarter-ftflions aforefiud, to appoint and imploy from time to time, if occafion require, any person or persons to have the conduct and command of a certain number of men, not exceeding the number of thirty men in the county of Northumberland, and twelve in the county of Cumberland* whereby the malefadors aforefaid may be fearch-ed out, di&overed, purfued, apprehended, and brought to trial of the law: (3) And all and every the said juftices of peace of the refpedive counties aforefaid, or the major part of them, at any general feffions of the peace to be holden for the laid counties, or either of them refpedively, are hereby further impower-ed and authorized by force of this prefent ad, to make and ifliie forth their rdpedive warrants under their hands, for the levying andcolleding any fum orfums of money ordered to be paid for and towards the lafeguard and fecuring of the laid Counties refpedively, as aforefaid, and to give full power to the fc-yeral conftables and other officers, to raife, levy and cofled (he said money, and all and every the inhabitants of the said feye-ral counties, according to their relbedive proportionable eftates in lands or goods, by diftrefc and fale of goods, rendring the overplus, if there be any, to the refpedive owner or owners;

(4)  And the said juftices of peace in the raid feveral counties, or any one of them refpedively, are hereby alfo authorized to examine any complaint made azainft the colledors and canltables, or any other officers or minifters of juftice whatfoever, or any of them, or any other refradory person of persons whatfoever, that at any time hereafter {hall refute, negled or fail to give obedience to this ad, or {hall do any ad or ads in difhirtcuice or ohftrudion thereof, and to bind over fuch person or persons to the next quart^r-feffions according to the known laws of the land, to the pod fuch person or persons may be proceede4 withal according to juftice..

IV.  And the said refpedive juftices of peace, as afore&id, are hereby further impowered and authorized oh behalf of the laid icveral counties refpedively, to appoint a treafurer to receive from the said colledors, the monies by them cojleded, and to jay over the fame according to the orders they {hail receive from the laid juftices at the general feffions of the peace to he holden for the said refpedive counties: (2) And the faidjuftices are alfo impowered to agree and article with fuch person or persons jeafly, as they {hall think fit to imploy in the said fervice, and

to

gitized by v^.ooQle

1662.J Anno ^eclmo tertio & quarto Carou IL c*3.  S2|

to take faflicient fccority of them for the faithful and moft ef-fv&ual performance thereof, for the belt fafeguard, advantage and benefit of thepeople,, according to the true intent ana meaning of this afk.

V.  And in cafe? any. person or perfbns, (hall in purfuance of this ad be imployed to the border-fervice, and (hall at anytime hereafter willfuUyand corruptly» or for any finifter refpedt what-. focrer, negledk or forbear to dncoyer or .apprehend, or to bring to trial any of the (aid persons called Mofs-Troopers, at afore (aid, and frail be convidtad thereof, according to law, he or they (hall from thenceforth be difablcd and made uncapable for ever after to manage or take upoq him or them thefaid iqtployatent, and to differ loch fine and imprifonment, according to the,quality .of his or their offence, as the juftices of peace at their general feffions (halt think fit to mflift.

VI.  Provided neverthelefs, and be if hereby declared. That it frail be lawful for the juftices of peace of either of the laid counties as aforefaid rdpe&i vely, at any time hereafter, to mo-

derate or leflen the said charge, if they fee caufe.  ,nttara

VII.  Provided, That this adt (hail continue and be in force i

for five years and no longer.

- VIII. Provided always, and be h further eroded bythe authority aforefaid, That for better fuppreffion and punilhment of the faid' Mefs*Treopers flying out Of England into Scotland, or out of  Scotland into England,  the ffatutes made in the  feveral,

feffions of parliament in the fourth and (Seventh years of King 4 jac. ,. c. t. James (hall be-revived and put in execution according to their 7 Jac. 1. c. 1. true intent. r8C<«r. 2. cap. 3. Continued for /even years from the - 7 & * Will. j. phtttion of this aB. Farther continuedfor  by 10 Geo.  c6

c. 17. f.y. Continued till 1 Sept. 1744, lie. by 6 Geo 2.  37.  ,» Ann. c.

f. 7. and by 17 Geo. 2. e, 40. to 24 June 1751, and to- the end of the next  fiffianof parliament.

CAP. XXIII-

An additional a£l concerning matter of uffarance ufedmnongft*

merchants.'

WHEREAS by alt of parliament made in the three and for-'

tieth year efthe reign of ^tuen Elizabeth of Mappy memory! 41 intituled. An aS concerning matters of afiurances ufed amonglt merchants ; the parliament then taking into  ,  by  all  good  Encourage-

means to comfort and encourage the merchants this  »  there-  ments or mcr-

naojuveex* users* wm joe arogaes ly  U/Ota  jut Jff 0 vs eoA *  *never o

mfchiefs in thefaid aft mentioned; it was enaftei. That Ufjculd and might he lawful for the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal of JEnglami, for the time being, to award forth under the great feat of Englaad one general or (landing commijfon to be renewed yearly at the haft, and otherwise Jo often as unto the lord chancellor or lord keeper should fern meet, for the hearing and determining of cau\ Its arifwg on policies of cffuranct9 fuck as then wcrcy or then after

Jhould

 %

Iz6  Anno dcclmo tcrtto & quarto CARdLi IJ. c.23. [ 1662,

fkould be entered within the offiee of a/Juranceof the city of tonddnj (2) which commiffions Jhould\e dirtfted to the judge of the admiralty for the time beings the recorder of London for the time being, two doctors of the civil law, two common lawyers, and eight grave or difi creet merchants, or any five of them 3 (3) tthick cmmiffisnm, cr the greater part cf them which should fit and meet, jbotdd have fitB power and authority to hear, examine, order and decree all and every fuch cattfe Of eaufes in a brief and fummary eourfit without formalities of pleadings or proceedings, with power to ward parties to me before them, and to examine upon oath any witneffis that flmdd bt produced, and to commit to prifon anf perfin that jhould Wilfully Of obey their final orders ant decrees', (4) and the cmmijjionen to')St once weekly upon the execution of the said eomrmffion, with a liberty in the said aft fir any perfen grieved by any fuch jentence or decree, t$ exhibit his bill in chancery for the re-examination of fuch /entente or decree, as by the fdid aft, relation being thereunto bad, more at-large may appear: (5) But forafmuch as by the said recited aft, wtboti five comtmjfioners there cannot be a court, and without there be a court .  they cannot proceed in the execution of their cemrmjjhn, formcchastt

• fitmmoh parties or witnejfes to appear; and in cafe of negleft ■ Or ft-fujal of any party or witncfs to appear, they have no power tofu-m/h the delay or contempt with cojls, or otherwife $ (6) and it is provided by the said aft. That not any commiffiorterj other thart the judge of the admiralty, or the recorder of London; /hall proceed in the ‘execution of fuch commijfion, before he hath taken his oath More the lord mayor and court of aldermen to proceed uprightly and indifferent* ly between party and party, which, upon the renewing of the fdi commiffions, often proves a great delap, there being fo manycommf-fioners to be fivorn^ and the court of aldermen not fitting at fmt times in the year when the said commi/fims have happened to be renewed y (7) and although the said comnti[fioners upon their fined fentmt have power to commit to prifon any person that /hall wilfully iifibty their said fentences or decrees, yet they have no power to make any order against the /hip or goods, which commonly are the things affurei\

(8)  by which omijfions, for want of power given by the said aft, tit benefits intended by the said aft of parliament are much retarded, ana the mifehiefs by the aft endeavoured to be prevented, much /«-creafed:  '  r  '

II. For remedy whereof, be it enabled and ordained, an3 It is hereby ena<5led and ordained by the King’s moft excellent Majesty, and by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Three com- affembled, That from and after the four and twentieth day of miflioners im- June, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix powered co hundred fixtv and two, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal of England for the time being, to iflue out yearly (or oftner if need require) one (landing commiflion under the great feal of England, thereby impowering and authorizing the said commiffioners, or any three of them (whereof a <Jo<ftor bf the civil law, or a barifter at law of five years (landing at the lead* to be always one) to

meet

1662.] Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.23.  127

meet and fit, and make a court, and proceed in all things in the execution of the said commiflion, as before by the said aft.  .

any five might have done; (2) and that the said cominiflioners, Shower to** or any fuch three of then), as aforefaid, be and hereby are im-  39

powered to fummon parties and witnefles to appear,and in cafe of contempt or wilful delay in the witnefles upon the first fum-monsand tender of reafonable charges, and in the parties upon theif fecondfummons, to punifh the offenders by imprifon-ment or cofts for Inch time and in fuch manner as fhall be reafonable, and according to the nature and quality of theif of- Co#*-fences; (3) and that it fhaH and may be lawful to and for every fuch commiflioner to proceed in the execution of the said com-miffion, having first taken an oath before the lord mayor of the city of London for. the time being only, to proceed uprightly and indifferenty between party and party; and the said lord mayor is hereby authorized to give fuch oath ; any thing in the laid aft to the contrary notwithftanding: (4) Ana that no per- Lord mayor of fon (hall proceed in execution of the said commiflion, before he L?n^°.” ma7 be fiiift fwom before the lord mayor of London for’ the time be- oathT^ *  •

ing, to proceed uprightly and indifferently between party and party, as formerly he fhould have been before the lord mayor .  .  *,•

and court of aldermen.

III.  Be it alfo enaftfed by the authority afofefaid, That in CommMIom cafe the said comtorffioners, or any fach three of them as afore- out of the adU faid, fhall find caufe to examine witneffes beyond the feaa, ‘ or ro5ra,ff

any remote parts of his Majesty’s dominions, for the clearing ^tn*ffobe-of any doubt or matter before them depending, that in fuch yondfea. cafe by dlreftion of the said commiffioners, or any . fuch three of them, like commiflions or procefs fhall iffue out of the court of admiralty, as have formerly been for the purpofes aforefaid, returnable before the said commiffioners; (2) and that the laid commiffioners, or any fuch three of them, fhaH have alfo power to give and pafs their final Sentence, decree and Executions, as well against the body of the party evifted, or his goods, as alfo against the executors and aefininiftrators of fuch party fo evifted; and to aflefs cofts of fuit upon fuch person or persons as fhall be condemned by the decree of the laid court, as to them fhall feem juft.

IV.  And forafmtich as many witnejfes (as feamen and others) come Witneffes go-and fpeedily go agditi to fen, before a court can be fummoned, by which

means the ajfurtd and ajfurers are many times much damnified 5 (2) ed before, for the preventing of which mifehief, be it alfo enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it fhall and may be lawful to arid for any one of the said commiffioners to adminiftfcr an oath to any witnefs legally fummoned to give teftimony, (timely notice being thereof given to the adverfe party, and fet up in the office . before fuch examination) to the end fuch witneft or witnefles may be crofs-examined.

V.  Provided always. That the said commiffioners (hall in no Appeal to the cafe proceed both against person and "goods for one and the fame chancery, debt j (2) and provided alfo. That any thing in this aft contained

ii8 Anno dcdmo teftio & ensure* Cakoli I!. 0.24.  [ 1

tained (hall npt in any wife extend to prejudice the appeal to 4J Eliz. C. is. the high court of chancery given or allowed in the said former of parliament.

CAP. XXIV.

An act declaratory concerning bankrupts.

WHEREAS divers noblemen* gentlemen and persons of quality V V no ways bred up to trade or merchandize* do oftentimes put in great floods of money into the Eaft-India company^ or Guiney com-pony* and tlie fijbing trade, andflub other publick focieties> and re-eeive the precede of tbofe flocks fivutims in ready monies*fime times in commodities which they ufually fell for money, or exchange again ; by • which means the trade of tbofe companies is much encouraged* fljbing 4*1$ navigation increq/ia* mid the pqhltik good of the \phole kingdom Vcn much advanced;  •

34 Sc 35 H. S. /(• Notwithflauding which great advantages to the publick* there c. 4t;;.  hath been lately feme opinion conceivedrthat fuch per fins may and ought

to he mad? fubfifr to the flatuUs provided again/] bankrupts ;  *

t* BHz. c. 7. _ IIL Eor the better declaring and explaining the law therein,

»Jac. 1. c. 15. and to the end fuch persons may npt be difcourqgpd in those ho-1‘c‘Iy* nourabfe endeavours far promotingpublick undertakings; (i) 34“ be it declared and enabled by the King’s moil excellent majefty, with the arivfoc and aflept of .the ford* fpir^tual and temporal, and th* commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by Jfopcrfens for the authority of the fame. That no perfan or persons wnatlb-ever who have adventured pr put in, or who hereafter (hall ad-Inth* or Gpi- venture or put in, any foui of Turns of money in the said Eafi-ncy company , India company or Guiney company, or into any joint (lock or or the (idling ftocks of money by them or either of them made or raifed, ur Ideemed^ bC t0 ^  raifed,  for and towards thq maintaining and

ireder within carrying on the trade by the said Eafl-India company or Guiney the statute of company iflanaged or tp be managed, or who have formerly or bankrupts. (hail hereafter adventure or put in apy fotn or fums of money into any (lock pr Rocks of money for the managing and canning ory of the said fifoing trade, or the trade now called the Royal Fijbing Tr<\4e* and thall receive, and take his or their part or dividend of goods or merchandizes in fpecie, and mall fell or exchange the fame, (hall for or by rcafon only of fuel) adventure of monies fo put into the said Eajl-India company or Guiney company, or into any (lock or (locks for and towards the said tithing trade, orfor or by reafononly of the receiving and taking; j fuch mh, goods and merchandizes in fpecie, or felling for mo- I ney, or exchanging the fame again, be adjudged, taken, efteemec! or reputed a merchant or trader within any statute or (latutes for bankrupts, or be liable to the fame.

Provifo for IV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That ever) other trading.,perion or persons who foall trade, traftique or merchandize in any other way or manner than in the said Royal Fijbing Trade, or the trade managed by the said fiafl-lndia company or the Guiney company as aforefaid, foall for apd by rcafpn of his and I their trading* jxaffiquing and merchandizing, be liable to com-

2  million

1

129

t6&.] Anno dccimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.25.

million and commiffions against bankrupts, as fully to all intents and purpofes, and not otherwife, as if this aft had never been made; any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.  And be it further enafted, That a verdift and judgment The judgment

in replevin heretofore had or given in the term of Eajler in the  S,r

year one thoufand fix hundred fifty-three, in the King’s bench, £0j£c betwixt Pbinebas Andrews, plaintiff, Richard Woohvard, and void.

William Meggs, defendants, whereby Sir John WolJUnholme

knight, an adventurer in the said Eaft-lndia company, was adjudged and found liable to a commiflion of bankrupts, only for ana by reafon of a (hare he had in the joint (lock of the said company, and a pretended felling for money part of the return which he had in fpecie for his said adventure, (hall be and is hereby declared contrary to law^ and is hereby reyerfed and made void and null.

VI.  Provided always and be it enafted. That no aft, (ale or Prcmfo for difpofition of any the lands, tenements and hereditaments, goods, purchasers in chattels, debts or credits of the said Sir John Wolftenholtney orjohnWoUku-any diftribution of the fame, or of ahy money, heretofore made bolme.

or done by the commifiioners of bankrupts, or any claiming tinder them or any of them by virtue or colour of any commit fion or commiflions taken out against the said Sir Jam Woiflen-holmfy and whereof any person or persons is by virtue of colour of or under any fuch aft, Hale or difpofition aftually feized or pofleffed, (hall be hereby impeached or fruftrated, but that the lame be enjoyed for and toward fatisfaftion of the debts for which the fame have been difpofcd dr diftributed*

CAP. XXV.

An act for the restoring of all fucb advowfonsy rellories int-propriatey glebe-lands and titbeSy to bis Majefifs loyal filbjeltSi as were taken from tbemy and making void certain charges impofed on them upon their compofttions for delinquency , by the late ufurped powers.

WHEREAS many loyal fubjefls of our late foycreign lord King Charles the Firjly and of the King’s majejly that neve isy were upon pretence of delinquency for adhering Unto and faithfully ferving their said Majejlies according to their duty and ailegtancey enforcedand conjlratned by the pretended power of the long parliament, not only to tart with great fums of money in jhtisfaftion of the said fuppofed delinquency, but likewife to fettle all or part of fitch advow-fonSy rellorieSy glebe-lands and tithes, cjlates and terms, as they, or any in truft for themy were then feifed or pojfefj'cd ofy and to make grants, ana ajfurances of rents and annuities to and upon Juch truftees as were appointed by the said long parliament, as well for the augmentation of certain vicarageSy as for the use and maintenance of preaching rmmfters and leffurers9 without any valuable confideration givenfor the Jamiy other than fome abatement of those excejfive fines impofed on them for their pretended delinquency, and exafled from them by those arbitrary powers, to the xmpoverifhing and undoing of mam Vol. VIII.  K  of

lna&votd.

130  Anno decimo tertio & quarto CARou II. c. 25.  [1661.

All eftate* of the King's mojt loyal fubjefts; (2) be it therefore ena&edby the -^ebypre. King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-quents ofad- ^€nt *or<^. fpiritua^ and temporal, and the commons, in vowfont, ree- this prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame, tones. See. for That all grants, feoffments, bargains and (ales, rdeafes, con-cootpoitions, firmarions, and other conveyances and affurances in the law, of any higher or lower nature whatfoever, had or made by any fuch pretended delinquents, their heirs, executors or admini-ftrators, or by any person having any eftate or intereft in law or equity in truft for them, or by any other person or perfonshav-ing any eftate or intereft jointly or in common with them, or in reverfion or remainder after them, to any person or peribns, bodies politick or corporate, of any fuch advowfons, redories impropriate, glebe-lands, tithes, eftates, terms, annuities and rents as aforelaid, to or for the ufes aforefaid, as part or in full of their compofitions for fuch pretended delinquency as afore-laid, and all Securities touching or concerning the lame only, be and are hereby adjudged from henceforth null and void in Saving other law to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; faving to all perlbns rights. other than the said truftees and their heirs, and all claiming under them, all right to the said redories and premises as hath accrued unto them before the nineteenth day of May one tbou-fand fix hundred fixty and two.

How tenants II- And be it furtner enacted by the authority aforelaid, That and leflees un- all tenants, Ieflees and occupiers of all fuch advowfons, redo-der fuch eftate rjes innpropriate/glebe-lands, tithes and premifles fo granted or ^^j>ay their fettled to or y™ fuch truftees as aforefaid, for the ufes or pur-pofes* aforefaid, (hall pay all fuch rents as (hall hereafter grow due and payable to fuch persons only, unto whom the right and intereft of and in the fame advowfons, redories, glebe-lands, tithes and premifles before the (aid conveyances or afliiranccs (intended to be annulled and made void by this prefent ad) did or (hould of right belong or appertain.

III.  And whereas the said conveyances and ajfwrances in ad b)

. this at? intended to be made void* werefome cf them of eftates in fit-ftmple> and fome of them long terms for years made to truftees^ wb redemifed the fame at and under fuch yearly rents and Jims of mot) as were then appointed to be the augmentation of certain vicarages cr maintenance for preaching minifters, Jince which time many If tht rectories and lands fo conveyed and Leafed have been abfolutely fild, and the re-demifes thereof granted and affignod by the owners tbmof for the benefit of fuch pur chafers; (2) dc it further enabled and ordained by this prefent parliament, and by the authority of the fame, That the said purchafers, their heirs and afffigns, fhall pay, and the said former owners of the (aid lands and redories* their executors, adminiftrators and afligns, (hall have, hold and enjoy, the (aid rents and Turns of money, (o reserved for the augmentation of the said vicarages, and maintenance for preaching minifters, upon the said fcveral re-demifes, and (hall have the fame and the like remedies by diftrefs, or by adtion of debt for the recovery thereof, as the said truftees who ne-demiftd

th:

rnitr.

Rents and (urns appoint ed for augmentation of certain vicarage*.

i66a.J Anno derimo tertio & quarto Carol! II. c.26.  131

the feme lhould or might have had if this act had not been made.

CAP. XXVI.

An aS far reforming of the abufes committed in the weight and falfe packing of butter.

FOrafinuch as butter is one of the principal commodities of the The

product of this kingdom, and is not only of an umverjal use of a kilderkin 2nd expence at home, but very great quantities thereof ore tranfport- of butter. fi beyond the seas: (2) And whereas, by cufiom time out of mind The kilderkin. fed, every kilderkin of butter ought to weigh one hundred thirty and two pounds grofs at the leaf; that is to fay, one hundred and twelve bounds of neat butter, and the cajk twenty pounds: (3) The firkin of Thu firkin* Gutter ought to weigh fixty and four pounds, viz. fifty andJix pounds if good and merchantable butter neaty and the cajk eight pounds;

[4) and the pot of butter ought to weigh twenty pounds, viz .fourteen )otmds of good and merchantable butter neat, and the pot fix pounds:The P0**

5) And whereas great complaint hath been made by the traders in •utter and cheefey That by the fraudulent dealing and practice of federal farmersy owners and packers of butter, and by their irregu-or manner of weighing with ftones* iron wedges9 bricks and other (Hwarrantable weights% the fame quantities of butter are not put up nto the refpeftive cajk and pots aforefaid, and the kilderkin is com-mly made to weigh fix and twenty pounds and Jometimes eight and wenty pounds, and tne firkin to weigh ten pounds or twelve pounds,

'Jtdfometimes thirteen or fourteen pounds Weighty and the pots are node generally to weigh Jeven pounds, and fome of them eight pounds r nine pounds weight: (6) and much bad and decayed butter is mix-land packed up into kilderkins, firkins and other cask and potsy with md and good butter, and immoderate quantities of fait intermixed9 9 the fpoil of the famey and to the great wrong and abufe of his Math in the victualling of his navy9 of merchants in the viflualling of beir JbipSy and of all traders in the said commodity, and of all houj-Mrs who buy the fame for their expence, and to the great dijhonour f tie Englilh nation in the parts beyond the seas, and to the bring-ng of the said commodity into great difrepute abroad, whereby it ields not that price nor is vented there in fuch quantities as otherwife• t would.

II. For remedy whereof, be it enalted by the King’s moft a kilderkin 0f 'xcellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the butter fhall ords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par- contain 112 lb. iament aflcmbled. That from and after the first day of June bc,£*e4 lbc vhich (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hun- cas *

Ired fixty and two, every kilderkin of butter do and (hall con-

ain one hundred and twelve pounds neat or above, every pound

:ontaining (ixteen ounces, befides the tare of the calk, and not

eft, of good and merchantable butter; (2) Every firkin of The firkin

►utter do and (hall contain fifty * fix pounds neat or above, be 56 lb.

ides the weight of the cafk, of good and merchantable butter;

3) and every pot of butter do and (hall contain fourteen pounds The pot 14 lb.

K 2  neat

132 Anno decltno teitio & quarto Caroli II. C.26.  [1662.

neat or above, befides the weight of the pot, of good and mer-No old butter chantable butter: (4) And that no butter which is old or cor-fhall be mixed mpt (hall be mixed or packed up into any kilderkin, firkin or wbey-buttcr°r ot^er ca^ veffel or pot whatfodvfcr, with any butter which is 9 rtew and found; nor any whey-butter (hall be packed or mixed with any butter that is made of cream, but that the said re-fpedtive torts of butter (hall be packed up feverally and apart by themfelves, and (hall not be mixed one with another; and that every calk or kpot of butter (hall be of one fort and goodnefs throughout fuch cafk and pot; (5) and that no butter (hall be falted with any great fait, but that all butter (hall be falted and faved with small fait, nor more fait (hall be intermixed with it The nenaltv t*ian ** neec^^ f°r *ts prefervation j (6) upon pain and Amended penalty that every owner, farmer or packer of butter not putting 4. W.&NL c.7. up in each kilderkin, firkin and pot of butter to be fold or to be expofed to fale refpedtively, fuch quantities as aforefaid, or of-, • fending in falfe packing as aforefaid, for every fuch offence (hail forfeit the value of all the butter fo falfe packed ; (7) and for every offence where any kilderkin, firkin or pot (hall be found to contain a lefler quantity of butter than by this adt is appointed, fix times the value of every pound of butter that mall be wanting in any fuch cafk or pot.

III.  And to the intent that the benefit intended by this aft may be extended with full effedt to all persons who do either cut out butter by retail or expend it, (2) be it further enadted by

f the authority aforefaid, Thar every cheefemonger or other per-ncUU fon whatfoever, which lhall fell to any person or persons any trsof butter kilderkin or kilderkins, firkin or firkins, pot or pots, or other by the kitder- calk of butter made after the said first day of June which (hall fl1*1]] del‘&C ^ *n year our one thoufand fix hundred (ixty and the full quan- two> ^all deliver in every fuch kilderkin, firkin and other calk titj to the rc- and pot refpedtively, the full quantity and due quality appointed tailer.  by this adt and not lefs ; or in default thereof (hail be liable to

See 8 Geo. i. make fatisfadtion to him or them that buy the fame, for what c'  (hall be wanting, according to the price for which the fame was

fold. Farther provided for by 4 and 5 tV. fcf M. e. 7. / 2.

IV.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the said first day of June which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, no

rtone (hall re- cheefemonger or other person or persons whatfoever (hall repack pack butter, for fale any butter in any kilderkin, firkin or other calk or pot The penalty, whatfoever; (2) upon pain and penalty that every cheefemonger or other person whatfoever which (hall repack any butter into any kilderkin or kilderkins, firkin or firkins, cafk or calks, pot or pots, to fell the fame again, (hall for .every firkin, calk or

Eot, fo packed, forfeit the fum of double the value of all fuch utter.

V.  And for the better difeovery of all frauds and abufes which (hall be committed against this adt, be it further cnafted Farmers and by the authority aforefaid, That every farmer and other person other fellers and persons packing up butter in kilderkios, firkins or any lhall fet their r  & r  other

1662.]  Anno dccimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.z<$.  i$ 3

other cafk whatfoever, for (ale, do from and after the said first marks of the

day of June which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thou- w^hand^-

fand fix hundred fixty and two, pack up his butter into gpod fc-icnt casfc£

and fufficient calk made of found, dry and well feafbned tim- and their

ber, and (hall fet upon every firkin and calk whatfoever, when names.

die lame is throughly and fully feafotied in water, a continuing

vifiblemark of the juft weight of the empty caflc, and do like-

wife fet upon every kilderkin, firkin and cafk when the fame is

filled with butter, the first letter of his or their chriftian name  *

and his or their fumame at length, with an iron-brand 3 (2)

upon pain and penalty that every farmer or other person or per-

fons whatfoever offending in not putting on the mark of luch

weight of kilderkin, firkin or cafk after feafoning, or not fetting

the first letter of his or their chriftian name and his or their fur-

name at length on every firkin and calk as aforefaid, lhall for

every fuch offence rcfpedtively forfeit the fum of ten Ihillings

for every hundred weight of butter, and fo proportionably for a

greater or a leffer quantity that (hall be in every fuch calk.

VI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, p  - ..

That every potter lhall fet upon every pot which he lhall fell ^  weight

for packing up of butter, the juft weight which lhall be of evejyof every pot fuch pot when it is burnt, together with the , first letter of his burnt, and or their chriftian name and his or their furname at length; (2)thcir namc?# upon pain and penalty that every potto* which lhall not To do,  <

lhall forfeit and pay for every pot which he (hall expofe to fale.  >

jfor, the use aforefaid, whereupon he lhall not have first fet the

Juft . weight, and the first letter of his chriftian name and his fur name at length as afprefaid, the fum of one (billing; (3) and that no fanner or other person whatfoever lhall expofe to (ale any butter packed up in any other pot than fuch as maljl be marked by the potter as aforeiaid, upon penalty of two Ihillings for every pot of butter which he (hall expofe to fale as is not fo marked; (a) all and every, of which said offences are to be enquired of, lued for, heard and determined in the feflions of peace for the county, city, borough, town or liberty, ©r in the court of record of the city, borough, town or liberty, wherein fuch offence lhall be committed, by a&ion of debt, indi&ment, information or prefentment, wherein no efloin, protection or wager of law lhall be allowed to the defendant; (5) and the Howtobedif-one half of all fuch forfeitures lhall be to the use of the poor poled, people inhabiting within the parilh where fuch offence ffia)l be from time to time committed, to be paid to the churchwardens *nd overfeers of the poor of and in fuch parilh, and the other half to him or them that will fue for the fame, befides his Rouble Dmible ^ cofts thereby expended.

VII.  Provided, That every fuit ?md information which lhall within what 3be brought upon this aft lhall be commenced within four months time fuit ms

after the fale pf fuch butter.

be begun u on this aft.

*3

CAP.

134 Anno dedmoterUo&quarto Caroli II. 0.17,28.^1662.

cap. xxvn.

1 Tac 1 c.ti An act for repairing of Dover harbour. EXP. See tt k is W.*. c. 5. J *3 • puties payable at and towards the repair of Dover harbour. Who fball infpeft and overfee the repairs. Provifo for lhips belonging to Wcy-mouth, Mdcomb-Regrt, Lime.Regis.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for the regulation of the pilchardfijhing in the (aunties of Devon and Cornwal.

WHEREAS the publick honour, wealth and fafiety of this realm, as well in the maintenance of trade and fupport of ccrnmein to navigation, as in many other refpects, doth in an high degree defend this nation, upon the ienprovement and encouragement of the fijbery;

II.  And forafnmch as of late years there have divers pernicious £f orders and abujess by the licentioufnefs of the times crept inand yet continuey evidently defiruflive to that trade : For prevention anirt-drefs whereof there is no law hitherto particularly provided, in the growing evils occafioned by driving-nets, and other fraudulent end injuriout practices to the extream damage of the fijbery: (2) Be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty* by and with the advice and cenfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, apd the conditions, in parliament: aflembled, and k is Times prohi- Rafted by the authority aforefeid, That from and after the five bited to filh in **d twentieth day of May One thoufend fix hundred fixty and Cornwal and two, no person or persons (hall in any year from the first day of Devon. tyf# til] the lift of November prefume to take fifh in the high feasor in ahy bay, port, creek or coaft, of or belonging to Cornwal or Devon, with any drift-net, trammel or ftreach wet or nets, or amr Other nets of that fort or kind, uniefs it be^atthe diftance of One league and an half at leaft from the relpedive Penalty, (bores*, fj) upon the penalty of forfeiture of the said nets fo imployed, or the full value thereof) and one month’s imprisonment without bail or mainprise.

Pilchards and And lt ls hereby enafted by the authority afonefaid, Tint fumathoes to §F any person or perfons, being neither owners, partners or td-be bought of venturers in the craft of fifhery and in the boats and faynes th® °^nRrs thereunto belonging, fhall prefume from and after tbe*day be-turc« lTTfifli- *°*c lifted, to make or caufe to be made any pilchards or filing.  mathoes  in calk to be fold or tranfported, except he or they fhall

Openly buy the aforefaid fi(h of the refpeftive owners, partners and adventurers in the said pilchard-craft, or with their ex* prefe allowance, leave and confent, that they fhall in fuch cafe forfeit all andfmgular fuch pilchards and fumathoes fo made, and every cafk thereof, or their full value ; the one halfto the King, and the other half to him or them that fhall fo fue for the fame by bill, plaint or other information, and upon legal proof recover the feme.

IV.  And be it further enafted, That if any owner, partner pr company, or any other person or persons whatfoever, fhall fraudulently purloin, 1mbe2.il, hide, convey, carry away or difpofe by fale or other wife, or caufe to be purloined, imbeaillcd, hidden,

conveyed,

*35

168a.] Anno dedino tertio 8c quarto Carom II. c.29.

conveyed, carried away or difpofed, out of the nets, boats or cellars any pHchard-fi(n, without the exprefc leave, confent and allowance or the proper owners, and major part of the company idpedHvely; that then every fuch person and perfpns that (hall ofiend therein, upon legal evidence, (hall pay treble the value in fatisfedbon to the parties fo wronged, and be fent to the houfc of corre&on for three months.

V.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, idle and fuf. That if any idle or fu(picious person or perlbns (hall-in the Picio“*P?r" night affemble and flock together about the boats, nets or cel-krt bekmgingto any pilchard-craft, upon any of the coafts of chard«-boats, Ctnauol or Divert, having no faufinefs there to do, and being to depart up-warned by the company or owner of Aich boats or cellars to be on warning, gone; that then upon complaint made unto any one juftice of the peace, every foch person or persons refuting fo to do (hall pay five fhilbngs to the poor of the pttrifh where fuch offence was committed, or Audi be fet in die docks for the fpace of five hours.

An  aft for the  reverftng of the earl of Strafford his attainder.

WHEREAS Thomas left earl of Strafford was impeachtd cfTb? rear°"#

high treafon, upon pretence 0}' endeavto  the of repeaUnii

fundamental laws, aid called to a public]/  arraignment and the attainder*

trial before the peers in parliament, where be made a particular deface to every articte objethd agent# him; (2) infomuch that the turbulent party then firing no hopes to effett their iefigns by any ordinary way and method of proceedings, did at loft refoive to attempt the  definition and attainder of the fetid tori by an aft of  ,

to be therefore purpofely made, to condemn him upon accumulative treafon, none of the pretended crimes being treafon  and fo could

not be in the whole, if they had bun  provedas they were not; (3)

endalfo judged him guilty of confirultwe treafon  is)  of levying

war  againft the  King, though k wets only the commanding an order

of. the council-board in Ireland, to be executed by a ferjeant at arms esni three or four foldters, which was the conjlant practice of the deputies there for a long time; (4) to w prefattd a bill for this intent to the houfc of  ,  and  finding

there more  oppofition than they expelled, they caufed a multitude of

tumultuous persons to come down to Weftminfter, armed andftaves, and to fill both the palace-yards, and ok the approaches to both  boufes of parliament, with fiurv and clamour, and to require

juflici,Jpetdy juftice, agent# the carl of Strafford; (5) and having . by theft and other undue braHices obtained that hill to pafs in the houfc of commons they caufed the nanus of theft refolutt  ,

who in a cafe of innocent blood hud freely difeharged their being nine ana fifty, to be  poftedup in  feveral places about the cities of

London and W enminfter,  andfiled them Straffordians, and enemies

to their country, hoping thereby to deliver them up to the fury of the people, whom they had endeavoured to incebfe again ft theih; (6) then procured the /aid bill to be fentMp to the houfc of peers, where it

CAP. XXfX.

/saving

136 Anno dccimo tmio & quarto Caroli II. c.30,31:. [1662!

having fometime refled under great deliberative, at Min a time when a great part of the peers were abfent by reafon ofthe tumults, and many of tbofe who were prefent prctefed against ity the fddJnll faffed in the house of peers: (7) and at length his late Meatfly King Charles the Fir ft of glorious memory granted a commffion for gyving bis royal affent thereunto 5 which nevertbelefs was done by his fund Majesty with exceeding great forrow then* and ever remembred by him with unexprejfble grief of hearty and out of bis Majefiy's great piety he did publicity exprefs it when his own /acred life was taken away by the mojl deteft able traitors that everwere :

II.  For all which caufes, be it declared and enafted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and am-lent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembied, That the aft intituled. An a& for the attainder of Thomas earl ^Strafford of high treafon, and aU and every claufe, article and thing therein contained, being obtained as aforefaid, is now hereby repealed, revoked and re-verfed.

III.  And to the end that right be done to the memory of the deceafed earl of Strafford aforefaid, be it further enafted, That all records and proceedings of parliament relating to the laid attainder, be wholly cancelled, and taken off the hie, or others wife defaced and obliterated, to the intent the fame may not be vlfible in after-ages, or brought into example to the prejudice of any person whatsoever.

IV.  Provided, That this aft lhall not extend to the future queftioning of any person or persons however concerned in this hufinefs, or who had any hand in the tumults, or diforderly procuring the aft aforefaid : any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

CAP. XXX.

An act for the importing madder pure and unmixed. JJ E P. x 5 Car. *.

'■  *  ' ' c. 16.

CAP. XXXI. yin aft' to prevent the inconvenience ari/ing by melting tty fiver coin of this realm.

0 Ed. t. (hit.a. \X7HEREAS by an aft made in the ninth year of King Edward ?. 3.  1  ’  *  V V tty Thirdy it is enabled. That nofterling balf-peny or farth-

ing Jhall be moulten to make veffel, or any other thing, by goldfmtths, br any other, upon pain of forfeiture of the monies fo motdten; whereas by one other ftqtvte made in the feventeenth year of King Richard 17. R. 2. c. 1. the Second, it'was further enabled. That no groats or half-groats fall * be moult en by'pny man to make veffel or other thing thereof, upon the fame pain; (2) and whereas divers persons do elude the [aidftatutes, as well goldjmiths as others, by melting JUver coins of this realm above the value of groats, to the great dimini/bing of the fiver coin of this realm, and the hindrance of the. commerce of the fame \ (3) be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent dl the .lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aljemhled, and by

authority

1662.] Anno dccimo tcrtio & quarto Caroli II. 0 32,33.  137

authority of the fame, That no person or persons whatfoever None (hall

(hall after the twentieth day of December one thoufiuid fix hun- J^Lcurrent

dred fix ty-two wilfully melt, or caufe to be melted, any of the money.

current nlver money of this realm; (4) upon pain not only of The penalty.

forfeiture of the fame, but alfo of the double value of any luch

coin Io melted * the one half to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-

cefibrs, the other half to the informers, who (hall fue for the

fame upon aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of

his Majesty's courts at IVeftminJier; in which no effoin, wager

of law or protection, (hall be allowed: (5) and moreover. That

the (aid person or persons offending contrary to the tenor of this

aft (if he or they be a freeman or freemen, or privileged perfon

or perfons, of any city or corporations within this kingdom of

England) (hall upon legal conviftion for the fame be forthwith

distranchifed and made uncapable of exerciling the trade of a

geldfmith, or any other myftery, by virtue of the privileges of

the city or corporation of which he or they are members : (6)

and if the said person or persons offending, and convift as afore*

faid, (hall not be a freeman or freemen, or privileged perfon

of perfons, of any city or corporation as aforefiud, then he dr

they (hall fuffcr imprifonment without bail or mainprize for

the fpace of fix months next enfuing his or .theft conviftion as

alfbrcfiud.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for the better regulating of the manufacture of broad woolen cloth EXP.

within the weft-riding of the county of York.

A corporation of clothier* in the weft-riding of Yorkfhire. The oath to be Xx Jac« i.c.iS. taken by the mafter, wardens and afliftajits. Who (ball be of the said corporation for ever, and how called. Times and places of their meeting. Power to appoint a common feal, and to make orders and by-laws. Penalty for not conforming to by-laws. Power to appoint fearchers of doth,

. The new drapery /noft in uft. The oath to be taken by fearchers.

Penalty upon. fearchers. The authority and power of the fearchers*.

None may make bfoad cloth, but filch as have ferved as apprentices to clothiers for (even years, or have been exercifed in the trade for that time. The penalty. Houfholders and houfewives may not make doth to fell, not being free of the said trade. The penalty. Power to appoint a clerk, regifter, treafurer, and other officers.4 How the fines and forfeitures (hall be levied. Counterfeiting the feal of the corporation.

TTie'penalty. All claufes in any other statute contrary to this aft con- * ceming clothing, repealed. Perfons f'ued tor executing this aft, may plead the general iffue. The rights and duties of aulnage laved. Ptxg-yifo that rates of wages of workmen n>ay not be let by colour of this aft. Continuance of this aft to the next parliament.

CAP. XXXIII.

An  altfor preventing abufes in printing

and unlicenfed books and pamphlets., and for regulating of printing and printing-preffes.

WHEREAS the well-government and regulating of printers Regulating .

and printing-preffes is matter of publick ana of greatot Pf'nt,nK<5f concernment, efpccially  conjidering, that by the general licentiaufnefs raent.”™*

of the-late times, many evil iifpofed persons have been encouraged print and fell her fiscal, fchifmatical, blajpbtmtus, /editions  tyeafope

*3$ Anno decimo tcrdo & quarto Caroli IL c.33. [1662.

able books,  pamphlets and paper and ftitt do continue ftub their

lawful end exorbitant prailice, to the high dijbontur of Almighty God, the endangering the peace of tbefe  s, and a  def-

affehion to his  neofe mofiexcellent Atajefly and hit government: (a)

far prevention whereof no fitter means tan be advifed, than by reducing and limiting the number of  and  by  ordering

and fettling the fetid art or myfiery of printing by ail of in manner as herein after is Pamphlets or U. The King’s moft excellent maiefty, by and with the con* bookspro- fern and advice of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and coin* hibited to be non* jn this prefent parliament afiembled, doth therefore or* filhed'or dain and enadt, and be it ordained and ena&ed by the authority afore&id, That no person or persons whatfoever (hall prefmne to print, orcmfcto beprinted, either within this realm of England, or any other his Majefties dominions, or in the parts beyond the leas, any heretical, fedhious, fchifmatical or offenfive books or pamphlets, wherein any dorirrae or opinion (hall he atferted or maintained, which is contrary to the chriftian faith, or the do&rine or difoipline of the church of England, or which (hall or may tend, or to be to the fcandal of religion, or the church, or the government or governors of the church, ftate or common-wealth, or of any corporation or particular person Or persons whatfoever, (2) nor (hall import, publi(h, fell or dot-perfe any fuch book or books, or pamphlets, nor (hall caufe or procure any fuch to be publifhed or put to (ale, or to be bound, Hitched or fewed together.

Entry of ' HI. And be it further ordained and ena&ed by the authority printed books aforefaid, That no private person or persons whatfoever (hall th* rf* at any time hereafter print, or caufe to be printed any book or company of P*mphlet whatfoever, unlefs the fame book and pamphlet, to* dationers,  gether with all and every the titles, epiftles, prefaces, proems,

London.  preambles, introductions, tables, dedications, and other matters

and things thereto annexed, be first entered in the book of the remfker of the company of ftationers of London, (2) except adts of parliament, proclamations, and fuch other books and papers as (hall be appointed to be printed by virtue of any warrant under the King’s majefties fign manual, or under the hapd of one or both of his majefties principal fccretaries of ftate; (3) and unlefs the fame book and pamphlet, and alfo all and every the said titles, epiftles, prefaces, proems, preambles, introductions, tables, dedications, and other matters and things whatfoever thereunto annexed, or therewith to be imprinted, (hail be first lawfully licenfed and authorized to be printed by fuch person and persons only as (hall be conftituted and appointed fo licenfe the fame, according to the direction and true meaning of this prefent ad herein after expreffed, and by no other; Who may (that is to fay) (4) That all books concerning the common licence books laws of this realm, (hall be printed by the fpecial allowance concerning of the lord chancellor, at lord keeper of the great foal of c°m/"on' England'for the time being, the lords chief juftices, and the printed. lord chief baron fof the tiiqc |>cing, pr one or more of them, by •  v  their,

their, or one of their appointments ; (5) and that all books of

hiftory, concerning the Rate of this realm, or other books con- Books of hif-

ceming any afiairs of ftate, (hall be licenfed by the principal fe-

cretaries of ftate for the time being, or one ot them, or by their, °*

or one of their appointments; (6) and that all books to be im- concerning

printed concerning heraldry, tides of honour, and arms, or heraldry.

othtnaife concerning the office of earl marihal, (hall be licenfed

by the earl marfhal for the time being, or by his appointment,

or in cafe there (hall notthen be an earl marihal, (hall be licenfed

by the three kings of arms, Garter, Ckrentitux and Norroy, or

any two of them, whereof Gorier principal king of arms to be

one; (7) and that all other books to be imprinted or reprinted,

whether of divinity, phyfick, philofophy, or whatfoever other SISST*

fcicnce or'ait, (hall be first licenfed and allowed bythe lord phSifophy,

arehbifhopof Canterbury, and lord bifhop of London for the time or other *

being, of oh* of theft, or by their or one of their appointments, fcienee.

or by either bf the chancellors, or vice-chancellors of either of

the. univerfities of this realm for the time being ; (8) provided

always, that the said Chancellors, or vice-chancellors of either

of the said univerfities (hall oiilv licence fuch books as are to be

imprinted or reprinted within the limits of the fold (ifiiveriities

lefpe&ively, but not in London or dfewhere, not medlmg either

with book* of common laws, Of matters of ftate or government,

nor any book or books, the right of printing whereof doth folcly Books belong- ,

and properly belong to any particular person or perfons, without ine to parti-

his or their cortfent first obtained in that behalf.  Cl“ar P«rlo»»-

IV. And be it enacted by the authority afbrefeid, That every person and persons who by virtue of this prefent aA are, or (hall be appointed, or authorized to licenfe the imprinting of books, or reprinting thereof with any additions or amendments as afore-laid, (hall have one written copy of the fame" book or books which (hall be fo licenfed to be imprinted or reprinted with the tides, epiftles, prefaces, tables, dedications, and all other things whatfoever thereunto annexed; which said copy (hall be delivered by fuch licenfer or licensers to the printer or owner for the imprinting thereof, and (hall be folely and intirely returned by fuch printer or owner after the imprinting thereof, unto foch licenfer or licenfers to be kept in the publick regiftries of the said lord archbifhop, or lord bimop of London refpedtively, or in the office of the chancellor or vice-chancellor of either the said univerfities, or with the said lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great leal for the time being, or lord chief juftices, or chief baron, or one of them, or the said principal Secretaries of ftate, or with the earl marihal, or the said kings of arms, or one of them, of all fuch books as (hall be licenfed by them refpeftively; (2) and if fuch book fo to be licenfed (hall be an Englifh book, or of the EnglHh tongue, there (hall be two written copies thereof delivered to the licenfer or licenfers f if he or they mall fo require) one copy whereof fo licenfed (hall De delivered back to the said printer or owner, and the other copy lhall be referved and kept as is aforefeid, to the end iiifh licenfer or licenfer; may be fecured,

' That

Every licenfer (hall have a

written copy >f the book icenfed.

How and where the (aid copy (hall be kept.

Englifh books how to be li-ceu fed.

I4<*

All books from beyond iea ihall be brought to the port of London only.

and nqt to be opeheii or uttered until viewed by the archbilhop of Canterbury, bifhop of London, or fome other by one of them appointed, heretical, fe-ditious, or dangerous books imported, how to be proceeded jupon.

Anno decitno tertio & quarto Caroli II. C33. [1662. That the copy fo liccnfed (hall not be altered without his or their privity, (3) and upon the (aid copy licenfed to be imprinted, he or they who (hall fo licenfe the fame, (hall teftifie under his or their hand or hands. That there is not any thing in the fame contained that is contrary to the chriftian faith, or the do&rine or difeipline of the church of England\ or against the (late and government of this realm, or contrary to good life, or good manners, or otherwife as the nature and fubje& of the work (hall require; (4) which licenfe or approbation (hall be printed in the beginning of the fame book, with the name or names of him or them that Ihall authorize or licence the (ame, for a teilimony of the allowance thereof.

V.  And be it further cnafted by the authority aforelaid. That every merchant of books, and person or persons whatfoever, who doth, or hereafter (hall import or bring any bpok or books into this realm from any parts beyond the seas, (hallimport the fame in the port of London pn\y* and not elfewhere, without! the fpecial licenfe of the archbifhop of Canterbury* and biftiop of London (ov the time being, or one of them, who are hereby authorized to grant iicenfes for that purpofe, and (hall before filch time as tfoe fapie book or book^, or any of them be delivered forth, or out of his .or their hand or hands, or expofed to fale, give and prefent a true note or catalogue in writing of all and every fuch book or books, unto the lord archbifhop of Canterbury and lord bifhop of London for the time being, or to one of them, (2) and no merchant or other person or persons whatfoever which (hall import or bring any book or books into the port of London aforefaid, from any parps beyond the seas, (hall prefume to open any dry-fats, bale$,; packs, maunds, or other fardles of books, or wherein books are, nor (hall any fearcbec, waiter, pr other officer, belonging to the cuftom-houfe, upon pain of loling his or their place or places, fuffer the fame to pafs, or to be delivered out of his or their hands or cijritody, before fiich time as the lord archbifhop of Canterbury and the lord bilhop of London for the time being, or one of them, (hall have appointed fome fcholar or leafned man, with one or more of the said company of ftationers, and fuch others as they (hall call to their afliftance, to be prefent at the opening thereof, and to view the faiqe: (3) and if there (hall happen tp be found any heretical, feclitious, fcandalous, fchifmaticaj,* or other dangerous or ofFenfive book or books, or any part of fuch book or books

(>rinted in Englifli, they (hall forthwith be brought to the said ord archbilhop of Canterbury, and lord bifhop of London for the time being, or to one of them, or to fome publick place to be afligned and cbofen by thp said lord archbifhop, and lord bUhop for the time being, to the end the person and persons which im-

Eorteth, or caufetn tfye laid ofFenfive books to be imported, may e proceeded against as an offender against this prefent a&: and alfo that fuch further courfe may be taken concerning the fame ofFenfive book or books, as by the said lord archbilhop and bifhop for the time being, (h*U be thpught fitting for the fupr prefling thereof,.......  r

yi, And

H«

VI.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,That no person or persons fhall within this kingdom, or elfewhere, imprint or caufe to be imprinted, nor (hall import or bring in,

or caufe to be imported or brought into this kingdom from or Co ^ out of any other his Majefties dominions, nor frotat any other books, forms parts beyond the seas, any copy or copies, book or books, or of blank bills part of any book or books, or forms of blank bills or inden-olj.indentures, tures for any his Majefties iflands, printed beyond the seas, elfewhere, which any person or persons by force or virtue of any patcnts fOT letters patents granted or afligned, or wnich (hall hereafter be foie printing, granted or afligned to him or them, or (where the fame are not granted by any letters patents) by force or virtue of any entry or entries thereof duly made or to De made in the regifter-book of the said company of ftationers, or in the regifter-book of either of the univerfities refpeftively, have or (half have the right, privi-ledge, authority or allowance, folely to print, without the con-fent of the owner or owners of fuch book or books, copy or copies, form or forms of fuch blank bills, nor (hall bind, (titch, or put to fale any fuch book or books, or part of any book or books, form or forms, without the like confent, (2) upon pain oflofs and forfeiture of the fame, and of being proceeded against as an offender against this prefent aft, and upon the further penalty and forfeiture of fix (hillings eight pence for every fuch book or books, or part of fuch book or books, copy or copies, or form or forms of any fuch blank bills or indentures fo imprinted or imported, bound, ftitchedj or put to fale: (3) The The penalty, moiety of which said forfeiture and forfeitures (hall be to the use of our fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to the use of the owner or owners, proprietors of fuch copy or copies, book or books, or form of fuch blank bills or indentures, if he or they (hall fue for the fame within fix months next after fuch imprinting, importing,binding, ditching, or putting to fale; and in default of fuch fait by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, commenced within the said fix months, Then the fame moiety (hall be to the use and behoof of fuch other person and persons as within the fpace of one year next after the laid offence committed, (hall fue for the fame,

(5)  to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his majefties courts of record held at JVeftminJier, called the King’s bench, common pleas, or exchequer, wherein no effoin, wager of law, or protection (hall be allowed to the defendant or defendants.

VII.  And be it further enafted and declared. That every Per-E^tcr*°5 fon and persons that (hall hereafter print, or caufe to be printed ^

any book, ballad, chart, pourtrafture, or any other thing or their names.

things whatfoever, (hall thereunto, or thereon, print ana fet

his or their own name or names, and alfo (hall declare the name

of the author thereof, if he be thereunto required by the lfcenfer

under whofe approbation the licenfing of the said book, ballad,

chart, or pourtrafture (hall be authorized, and by and for whom

any fuch book or other thing is or (hall be pnnted, (2) upon Penalty,

pain of forfeiture of all fuch books, ballads, charts, pourtrac-

~ T tures,

y 

 *

*4*

Who only may buy, bar ter and fell books in Lon don, and market-towns.

Minting an art and manufacture.

No Englifh books may be imprinted or imported from beyond lea.

Anno dedmo tertio & quarto Carom IL c.33. [1661.

tures, and other thing or things printed contrary to the tenor hereof; and the prefles, letters, and other inftruments for printing, wherewith luch book, ballad, pourtra&ure* or other thing or things (hall be fo imprinted, or let or prepared for the printing thereof, to be defaced and made unferviceable; (3) and that no person or persons (hall hereafter print, or cau(e to be imprinted, nor (hall forge, put or counterfeit in or upon any book or pamphlet, the name, title, mark or vinnet of any other per-Ibn or persons which hath or (hall have lawful pnviledge, authority, or allowance of foie printing the lame, without the free confent of the perlbn and persons fo priviledged first had and obtained, upon pain that every person and persons fo offending, lhall forfeit and lofe all luch books and pamphlets upon which fuch counterfeit name or mark (hall be imprinted, and (hall further be proceeded against as an offender against this prefect a£h

VIII.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,That - no haberdalher of fmall-wares,, iron-monger, chandler, (hop-

keeper, or other person or persons whatfoever, not being licenced ’ in that behalf by the lore! bilhop of the diocefs wherein fuch book or books (nail be, nor having been feven years apprentice to the trade of book-feller, printer or book-binder, nor being a freeman of the city of London by a patrimonial right as fon of a book-feller, printer or book-binder, nor being a member of the said company of ftationers, (hall within the city or fuburbs of London, or any other market town, or elfewhere, receive, take or buy, to barter, fell again, change, or do away any bibles, tef* taments, pfalm-books, common prayer-books, primers, abcees, licenfed almanacks, grammar, fcnool-books, or other book or books whatfoever, upon pain of forfeiture of the fame.

IX.  And for that printing is, and for many years hath been an art and manufa&ure of this kingdom, Therefore for the better encouraging thereof, and the prevention of divers libels, pamphlets, and feditious books printed bevorid the feas in Eng-lifh, and thence tranfported into this realm, (2) be it further enadted and ordained by the authority aforefaid. That no merchant, bookfeller, or other person or persons whatfoever, (hall imprint, or caufe to be imprinted beyond the seas, nor (hall import or bring, nor knowingly aflift, or confent to the importation or bringing from beyond the seas into this realm, any Englifh book or books, or part of any book which is or (hall be, or the greater part therot is or (hall be Englifh, or of the Englith tongue, whether the fame book, books, or part of fuch book have been here formerly printed or not, upon pain of forfeiture of all (uch Englifh books fo imprinted or imported contraty to the tenor hereof: (3) and that no alien of foreigner whatfoever (hall hereafter bring in, or be fuffered to vend here within this realm, any book or books printed beyond the seas in any language whatsoever, either by himfelf, or his fa&or or fadtors, except fetch only as be free printers or ftationers of Lon-Jon, or fuch as have heen brought up in that profeUSon, without

the

*43

i66?.] Annodccimo tertio & quarto Carou II. c. 33.

the /pedal licence of the archbi/hop of Canterbury, and biftiop of London for the time beings or one of them, who are hereby authorized to grant licenfes for that purpofe, upon like pain of for- The pentltjr. feiture of all foch books as (hall be fo imprinted or vended contrary to the purport and true intent hereof.

a. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore&id, That PrdTes and no person or persons within the city o(London, or the liberty there- printing in of, or elfcwhere, (hall ere<5t or caufe to be erected any prels or printing-houfe, nor (hall knowingly demife or let, or willingly fuf* ^ ter to be held or ufed any houfe, vault, cellar, or other room what- but upon no-fberer, to or by any person or persons for a printing-houfe, or tice to the place to print in, unlefs he or they who ere<tt fuch prefs, or company °f (hall fo knowingly demife or let iuch houfe, cellar, vault orllatl0ners% room, or willingly fuffer the fame to be ufed, (hall firfl give notice to the matter or wardens of the said company of ftationere for the time being, of the erecting of fuch prefs, or of fuch demife or fettering to work or print in fuch houfe, vault, cellar or room, (2) and that no joyner, carpenter, or other person (hall make any printing-prefe, no fmith (hall forge any iron-work for a printing-prefs, no founder (hall catt any letters which may be ufed for printing for any person or persons whatlbcver; neither (hall any person or persons bring or caufe to be brought in from any parts beyond the seas, any letters founded or catt, nor (hall buy any fuch letters for printing, printing-prefles, or other materials belonging unto printing, unlefs he or they refpe&ively (hall (irft acquaint the said matter and wardens of the said company of ttationers for the time being, or fome or one of them, for whom the fame prefles, iron-work or letters are to be made, forged, catt, brought or imported, (3) upon pain that eveiy person who (hall erettt any fuch printing-prefs, or (hall demife or let any house or room, or fetter the lame to be held or ufed, and every person who (hall make any printing-prefs, or any iron-worlc for a printing-prefs, or (hall make, import, or buy any letters for printing, without giving notice as aforefaid, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of five pounds, the one moiety whereof (hall be to the use of our fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fucccflors, and the other moiety to the use of fuch person or persons as (hall fee for the fame.

XI.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That Who and bow for the time to come no man (hall be admitted to be a matter printer, until they who are now actually matter printers, be by death or otherwife, reduced to the number of twenty, and from thenceforth the number of twenty matter printers (hall be continued, and no more, befides the Kings printers and the printers allowed for the univerfities, to have the use and exercise of printing of books at one time, and but four matter founders of letters for printing ; (2) the which said matter printers, and four matter founders'of letters for printing, (hall be nominated, appointed and allowed by the lord archbifhopof Canterbury, and ford bifhop of London for the time being; and in cafe of death of any one of the said four matter founders of letters, or of the

faid

(hall maftcrPrin* inau ters.

M4

Matter founders ofletters tor printing.

Whodnly ftiay keep above twoprinting jtreflet.

What number of apprentices they may retain.

Journeymen printers, and ibunders of letters to be employed.

Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. c.33. [i6fo,

faid mafter printers, or of forfeiture, or avoidance of any of their places and priviledges to print by virtue of this adt, for any offence contrary to the fame, or otherwife, That then the lord archbifhop of Canterbury, and lord bifhop of London for the time being, or one of them, (hall nominate and appoint fuch other fit person or persons to fucceed and fupply the place of fuch mafter printer, or founder of letters as (hall be void by death, forfeiture or otherwife, as aforefaid ; (3) and every person and persons which (hall hereafter be allowed or permitted to have the use of a printing-prefs or printing-houfe, upon or before fuch his allowance obtained, (hall become bound with fureties to hisMa-jefty in the court of King’s bench, or before feme one or more of the juftices of aflize, or the juftices of the peace at their feve-ral quarter feflions, in the fum of three hundred pounds, not to print, or fuffer to be printed in his house or prefs any book or books whatfoever, but fuch as (hall from time to time be lawfully licenfed.

XII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,That none of the said mafter printers to be allowed from time to time as aforefaid, (hall keep above two printing-prefles at once, un-lefs he hath been mafter or upper warden of the company, who are hereby allowed to keep three prefles and no more, unlefs for fome great and fpecial occafion for the publick he or they have for a time leave of the said lord archbifhop of Canterbury, or lord bifhop of London for the time being, to have or use one or more above the aforefaid number, as their lordfhip$> or either of them (hall think fit.

XIII.  And be it alfo enacted by the authority aforefaid, That no printer or printers, (except the Kings printers) nor founder or founders of letters for printing, (hall take or retain any more or greater number of apprentices, than is herein after limited and appointed, (that is to fay) every mafter printer, and mafter founder of letters for printing, that is or hath been mafter or upper warden of his company, may have three apprentices at one time and no itiore; (2) and every mafter printer, and mafter founder of letters for printing, that is of the livery of his company, may have two apprentices at one time and no more; (3) and every mafter printer, and mafter founder of letters for printing, of the yeomanry of his company, may have one apprentice ait one time and no more, neither by copartnerfhifs binding at the feriveriers, nor any other way whatfoever; neither fhall it be lawful for any mafter printer or mafter founder of letters, when any apprentice or apprentices fhall run or be put a-way, to take another apprentice or other apprentices in his or their place or places, unlefs the name or names of him or them fo gone away be rafed out of the hall-book, and never admitted again.

XIV.  And becaufe a great part of the fecret printing in corners hath been caufed for want of orderly imployment for journeymen printers, the said feveral mafter printers, and mafter founders of letters for printing fo to be allowed as aforefaid,

are

145

i6&2.J Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli II. 0.33,

arc hereby required to take fpecial care. That all journeymen printers, and journeymen founders of letters for printing, who are lawfully free of the said refpecttive myfteries, be fet on work, and imployed in their refpecttive trades; (2) and if any fuch journeyman printer, and journeyman founder of letters, being of honeft and good behaviour, and able in his trade, do want imployment, he (hall repair to any of the said matter printers, or matter founders of letters refpedtively for the time being, who thereupon (hall receive him or them into work, if fucfr matter printer, or matter founder of letters have not a journeyman already, although fuch matter printer or matter founder of letters refpecftively, with his apprentice or apprentices be able without the help of the said journeyman to difcharge his own work \ (3) upon pain that every matter printer, and matter founder of letters refpecttively, refufing to receive fuch journeyman repairing to him as aforefaid, (hall forfeit five pounds, to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information in any court of record, wherein no effoin, wager at law, priviledge or protection (hall be admitted ; the one moiety of which forfeiture (hall go to the King’s maje-tty, his heirs and fucceflors; and the other moiety to the informer who (hall fue for the fame within fix months next after the said offence committed ; (4) and if any journeyman, or journeymen printers, or founders of letters for printing, (hall refufe imployment, being offered to him or them by any matter printer, or matter founder of letters refpectively, or neglect it when he or they have undertaken it, he or they refufing or neglecting, (hall, fuffer three months imprifonment at the leaft, without bail or mainprize, upon conviction of fuch his said re-fiifal or neglect by two witnefles, before any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, who are hereby impowered to hear and examine the said offence, and to commit the said offender and' offenders to the common gaol of the county where he or they (hall be apprehended: (5; and no matter printer, or matter founder of letters for printing, (hall from henceforth imploy either to work at the cafe or prefs, or otherwife about his printing, any person or persons than fuch only as are Englijhmen and freemen, or the fons of freemen, or apprentices to the said trades or myfteries of printing, or founding of letters for printing refpectively.

XV.  And for the better difeovering of printing in corners who may without licence, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, fearch houfes That one or more of the meffengers of his Majefties chamber, »nd fl,°Ps (hr by warrant under his Majefties fign manual, or under the hand ^ookfand o( one or more of his Majefties principal fecretaries of ftate, of papers, the matter and wardens of the said company of ftationers, or any one of them, (hall have power and authority with a con-liable, to take unto them fuch afliftance as they (hall think needful, and at what time they (hall think fit, to fearch all houfes and (hops where they (hall know, or upon fome probable reafon fuf-pett any books or papers to be printed, bound or ditched, efpe-cially pri -houfes, book-fellers (hops and warehoufes, and Vol.  L  book-

i46

Anno derfmo tertio & quarto CaroLi IL C.33i [i6€i.

book-binders houfes and (hops, and to view there what is imprinting, binding or ditching, and to examine whether die fame be licenfed, and to demand a fight of the said liccnfe; (2) and if the said book fo imprinting, binding or ditching, (hall not be licenfed, than to leize upon fo much thereof, as (hall be found imprinted, together with the fcveral offenders, and to bring them before one or more juftices of the peace, who are hereby authorized and required to commit fuch offenders to prifon, there to remain until they (hall be tried and acquitted, or convidled and punifhed for the said offences: (3) and in cafe the said fearchers (hall upon their said fearch, find any book or books, or part of books unlicenfed, which they (hall fufped to contain matters therein contrary to the dodhrin or difcipline of the church of England, or agamft the date and government; then upon fuch fufpicion to feize upon fuch book or books, or part or book or books, and to bring the fame unto the said lord archbifhop of Canterbury, and lord bifhop of London for the time being, or one of them, or to the fecretaries of date, or one of them refpedtively, who (hall take fuch further courfe for the fup-preffing thereof, as to them or any of them (hall feem fit. Offenders a* XVI. And be it ordained and enabled by the authority aforc-gainft this aff, laid. That all and every printer and printers of books, rounder "ffhed° ** Pu* and founders of letters for printing, and all and every other person or persons working in or for the said trades, who from and after the tenth day of June> in the year one thoufand fix hundred fixtv and two, (hall offend against this prefent adl, or any article, claufe or thing herein contained, and (hall be thereof convidled by verdidl, confeffion, or otherwife, (hall for the first offence be disenabled from exercifing his refpedlive trade for the fpace of three years, (2) and for the fecond offence (hall for ever thenceafter be difabled to use or exercise the art or myften’ of printing, or of founding letters for printing, and (hall alio have and receive fuch further punifhment by fine, imprifonment, or other corporal punifhment, not extending to life or limb, as by the juftices of the court of King's bench, or juftices of cjtr and terminer, or juftices of aflize in their feveral circuits, or juftices of the peace in their feveral quarter feffions (hall be thought fit to be inflidted ; (3) the which said juftices of the peace in their feveral quarter ieflions (hall have full power and authority to hear and determine all and every offence and offences that (hall be committed against this adt, or against any branch thereof, upon indidlment or information by any person or persons to be taken before them in their feffions of peace refpedtively, and (hall yearly certifie into the court of exchequer, as in other like cafes they are bound to do, the fines by them impofed for any of the offences aforefaid, and (hall and may alfo by virtue hereof award procefs and execution for the taking or punifhing fuch offenders as in any other cafe they lawfully may do by any the laws and ftatutes of this realm.

Printed copies XVII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, to be fent to That every printer (hall referve three printed copies of the beft

and

 L.00Q le

i6&.] Anno dtcimo ttrtid Ikquarto Caroli IT. c.33.  147

and larged paper of every book neW printed, or reprinted by his Majeflies him with additions, and (nail before any publick vending of the ,l*)1'ar>r and. (aid book bring theih to the matter of the company of ftationers, verfnks.Um~ and deliver them to him, one whereof (hall be delivered to the keeper of his Majefties library, and the other two to be fent td the vice-chancellors of the two univerfities refpedlively, for the ufeof the publick libraries of the said univerfities.

XVIII.  Provided always* That nothing in this adt contained, Proyifo forth* (hal be construed to extend to the prejudice or infringing of any priviledges of of the juft rights and priviledges of either of the two univerfities verf\Te°.Um" of this realm, touching and concerning the lkenfmg or printing

of books in either of the said univerfities.

XIX.  Provided always, That no fearch (hall at any time be houfes. made in the house or houfes of any the peers of this realm, or

of any other person or persons not being free of, or ufing any of the trades in this a<5t before mentioned, but by fpecial warrant from the King’s majefty, under his fign manual, or under the hand of ohe of both of his Majefties principal fecretaries of (late, or for any other books than fuch as are in printing, or (hall be printed after the tenth of June, 1662 ; any thing in this afr to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XX.  Provided alfo, That neither this a<ft, nor any thing Provifo for therein contained, (had! extend to prohibit any bookfeller who bookfellers hath ferved feven years, and is free of the company of ftationers and ftationer* jUndtth, from importing or bringing into this realm any books London-ready bound not formerly prohibited, which have been printed

ten years befofe the importation; any thing in this or any other aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXI.  Provided alfo, and be it farther enadted by the autho- Perfons felling rity aforefaid. That neither this aeft, nor any thiijg therein con- books inWeft-tained, (hall be construed to prohibit any person or persons to minfter-Hall. fell books or papers, who have fold books and papers within Weflminjier-Hall, the palace of IVeJiminJier, or in any (hop or

(hops within twenty yards of the great gate of JVeJhninJler-HaU aforefaid, before the twentieth day of November, one thoufand fix hundred fixty and one; but they and every of them may fell books and papers as they have or did before the said twentieth day of November, ond thoufand fix hundred fixty and one,

Within the said hall, palace, and twenty yards aforefaid, but not dfewhere ; any thing in this a& to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXII.  Provided alfo. That neither this a<ft, nor any thing Provifo for therein contained, (hall extend to prejudice the juft rights and the rights and priviledges granted by his Majesty, or any of his royal predecef- p^^gcs ot fors, to any person or perfons, under his Majefties great feal, or g”ante<fto any otherwife, but that fuch person or persons may exercise and use persons by the fuch rights and priviledges as aforefaid, according to their re- King, fpe&ive grants; any thing in this a<ft to the contrary notwith-

ftanding.

XXIII.  Provided alfo, That neither this aeft, nor any thing Provifo for therein contained, (hall extend to prohibit John Streater ftationer, John Streater

L 2  ¥  from  Kroner.

 i^-ooQle

Provifo for the city of York.

The continuance of this aft.

. Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. c.i. [1663.

from printing books and papers, but that he mav ftill follow the art and myftery of printing, as if this aft liaa never been made ; any tiling therein to die contrary notwithftanding.

XXIV.  Provided alfo. That neither this aft, nor any thing therein contained, (hall extend to restrain the keeping and ufing of a printing-prefs in the city of Tori, fo as all books of divinity there printed, be first licenfed by the archbifhop of York for tne time being, or fuch person or persons whom he fhall appoint, and all other books whatfoever there printed,* be first licenfed by fuch persons refpeftively to whom the licencing thereof doth or fhall appertain by the rules herein before mentioned, and lo as no bibles be there printed, nor any other book, whereof the original copy is or (hall be belonging to the company of ftation-ers in London, or any member thereof; and fo as the archbifhop or lord mayor of York for the time being, do execute within the said city (which they are hereby impowered to do) all the powers and rules in this aft concerning fearchers for unlicenfed books, and impofe and levy the said penalties in the like cafes; any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXV.  Provided, That this aft (hall continue and be in force for two years, to commence from the tenth of June, one thou-fand fix hundred fixty and two, and no longer* Continued 16 Car. 2. cap. 8. and further continued for feven years from June 1685. by 1 Jac. 2- c. 17.

Anno decimo quinto Caroli fecundi Regis.

AT the parliament begun at Weftminfter the eighth day of May one thoufand fix hundred fixty-one and in the thirteenth year of the reign of our fevereign lord Charles the Second,&c. defender of the faith, &c. gations and  adjournments. continued to the

day of July  in the fifteenth year of his said Majefiy's reign-,

and thence prorogued to the fixteenth day of March next following.

CAP. I.

This a3 continued as to Hertford/hire9 from November \yL%9for fifteen years, by 6 Geo. t. c. zo. f. I.

An act for repairing the highways within the counties of Hertford, Cam* bridge 'and Huntington.

The highway from London to York, and Scotland, He^ford, Cambridge, Huntington. Who may appoint furveyors of the highways yearly for Hertford (hire, Cambriageftiire, Huntingtonfhire. The power of the juftices of the peace in their feveral counties. The power of the furveyors in tne said feveral counties, to appoint receivers and colltftors of toll, and other needful officers. Charging of carts and carriages. Allowance of wages to labourers and owners. The penalty for refufing. How far and often carts and carriages may be charged. Who may determine differences about carriages and labourers wages. How gravel, chalk, (tones, Scc. may be taken. Who may appoint the taking of toll or cuftom of all carnages and paffengers. Places for taking ot toll in Hertfordfbire, Cambridge-(hire, Huntingtonlhire. Power to diflrain for toll refufed to be paid. The toll received to be accounted for and paid to the furveyors T$

whom

 CjOOQie

149

1663.] Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. c. 2.

whom the /hid furvcyors /hall account for money received. How the toll profits may be engaged for advance of money. In what cafes a rate may be made upon the feveral parifhes. The penalty for refuting to takethe office of furveyor. Fines and forfeitures upon this a#, how to be paid and difpofed. Suits upon this aft /hall be laid in the proper county, and the defendant may plead the general iffue. Double cofts.

Tojl not to be paid twice in the fame day. The continuance of this a& for eleven years only. Provifo for exempting certain persons and things from paying any toll. Stones, gravel, &c. Hay, corn in harveft time, ploughs ana implements of husbandry. Provifo touching money received overplus, and remainingat the end of eleven years. Soldiers in marching and polls exempted. Provifo for ceating the toll within the eleven years.

Continued 16 & 17 Car. a. c. io. and by Z Geo. i. c. 20. from Nov. 1722, for fifteen years* Repealed as to the county of Hertford by 6 Geo. 2. c. 24.

CAP. II.

An alt far the punijhment of unlawful cutting or ftealing, or /foiling of wood and underwood, and dejlroyers of young timber-trees.

WHEREAS in one alt of parliament made in the three and 43 Eli*, c. 7.

fortieth year of the reign of the late §>ueen Elizabeth, in- *»  23  Car,

fituled, An act to avoid and prevent diver* mifdemeanors in idle 7* and lewd perfons, among other things it is enabled, That all and Th^puni/ht** every fuch lewd person and persons that Jhall cut or fpotl any woods or ment for cut* underwoods, poles or trees Jlanding, and their procurer or procurers, ting and fpoil-receiver or receivers, knowing the fame, and being thereof lawfully ing*ny conviltei by his or their own confeffion, or by the tejlimony of one W0Qd8# Sufficient witnefs upon oath, before fame one jujtice of peace, or other bead officer of the county or place where fuch offence was committed,

/ball give the party or parties fatisfallion for his or their damages for the firjl fault; (2) and iffuch offender or offenders Jhall by fuch jufa tice of peace or head officer be thought notable or fufficient > or if fuch offender or offenders do not make fuch fatisf allion as aforefaid, that then the fail juflice of peace or oead officer Jhall commit the said offender or offenders to the conjlable, or other inferior officer, to receive the punijhment of whipping, as in the said all more fully doth appear.

II. And whereas it is found by daily experience, especially in and about London and other great towns, where a great number of fuch idle and lewd persons do Jhelter tbemfelves, that this alt hath not fufficiently prevented the said mifchief of cutting and fpoilingof woods and underwoods, as was intended, as well becaufe the said offences are sommitted in fuch a clofe and clandejline manner, that there is none witnefs to them, but fuch as are partakers to the offence; as alfo becaufe the said punijhment is too small for fo great a fault, which is not only prejudicial and hurtful to the owners of the Jaid woods, but very mifa (bievous and damageable to the commonwealth: (?) be it therefore enafted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritu?! ana temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament atfembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from ai)<^ after the four and twentieth Who may ap-day of June next enfuing, every conftable, headbprough, or ai>y prehend other perfon, in every county, city, town corporate, or other wopd-ftealers. place whpre jhey (hall be officers or inhabitants, /hall and may by virtue* of this prefent aft have full power and authority to

i< 3  ap-

  2

Anno 4cdmo quinto Casoli IL c. *. [itog.

apprehend or caufe to be apprehended all and every period or

perfons they (ball fufpedt, having or carrying, of any ways con-veying, any burthen or bundles of any kind of wood, ur*dcr-wood, poles, or young trees, or bark or baft of any trees, or any gates, ftiles, pofts, pales, rails or hedge-wood, broom or Search in fa™» (3) and by warrant under the hand and feal of any one houfes of faf. juftice of the peace directed to any officer, fitch officer (hall have pelted per- power to enter into and fcarch the houfes, out-houfes, yards, gardens, or other places belonging to the houfes of all and erwry person or persons they (hall fufpedt to have any kind of wood, under-woods, poles orvoung trees, or bark or baft of any trees, or any gates, ftiles, pofts, pails, rails or hedge-wood, broom or furze; (4) and wherefoever they find any fuch, to apprehend and caufe to be apprehended all and every person and persons fufpe&ed for the cutting and taking of the fame, and them and every of them, as well tnofe apprehended carrying or any ways conveying any kind of wood, under-wood, poles or young trees, or bark or baft of any trees, or any gates, ftiles, pofts, poles, rails or hedge-wood, broom or furze, as aMb those in Whole houfes or other places belonging to them, any fuch wood, under-wood, poles or young trees, or bark or baft of any trees, or any gates, ftiles, pofts, pales, rails or hed^e-wood, broom or furze, (hall be found, to carry before one juftice of the peace of the fame county, city or town corporate: (5) and if the fitid person and persons fo fofpe&cd, apprehended and carried before the said juftices, do not then and there give a good account how he and they came by fuch wood or under-wood, poles or young trees, or bark or baft of any trees, or gates, ftiles, pofts, pales, rails or hedge-wood, broom or furze, by the confent of the owner, fuch is (hall (satisfy the said juftice, or elfe (hall not within fome convenient time, to be fetthem by the said juftice, produce the party or parties of whom they bought the fame wood, under-wood, poles or young trees, or bark or baft of trees, gates, ftiles, pofts, pales, rails or hedge-wood, broom or furze, or fome other credible witnefs to depofe upon oath fuch falc of the (aid wood, under-woods poles or young trees, or bark or baft of trees, gates, ftiles, pofts, pales, rails or hedge-wood, broom or furze, (which oath the (aid juftice hath hereby power to adminifter) That then the said person or persons fofufpcdfced, and not giving fuch good account, nor producing any fuch wit-nefs upon oath to teftify the said fale as aforefaid, (hall be deemed and adjudged as convi&ed of the said offence of cutting and fpoiKng of the fame woods, under-woods, poles or young trees, or bark or baft of trees, gates, ftiles, pofts, pales, rails or hedge-wood, broom or furze, within the meaning of the said statute of Queen Elizabeth, and fhall be liable to the punilhment there in contained, and to fuch other proceedings and punifhmenfci as by this prefent a& fhall be further conftituted and appointed on that behalf.

III.  j\nd be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That all and every person or persons convidted of the said offence

*3 Eh C- 7*

The pun’fh-ment tor thp bift o fie nee.

1663.J Anno decimo quinfo Caroli II. c.2.  151

fence in manner and form before in this aCl mentioned, (hall for the first offence give the owner or owners fuch recompence or fetisfadion for his or their damages, and within fuch time, as the feid juftice (hall appoint, and over and above pay down pnfently unto the overfeers for the use of the poor of the parilh where the said offence or offences were committed, fuch fum of money (not exceeding ten (hillings) as the said juftices (hall think meet; (2) and u fuch offender or offenders do not make redompence or-fatisfaClion to the said owner or owners, and alfo pay the said fum to the podr in manner ahd form aforefaid, then the (aid juftice (hall commit the said offender or offenders to the house of correction, for fuch time as the said juftice (hall think fit not exceeding one month, or to be whipped by the conftable or other officer, as in his judgment (hail feem expedient: (3) The fecond and if fuch person or persons (hall again commit the said offence, offence, and be thereof convicted as before, that then they and every of them fo offending the fecond time and thereof fo convicted, mail be Sent to the house of correction for one Month, and be there kept to hard labour: (4) and if foch person or perfons, (hall again cointnit (he (aid offence, and be thereof convicted as before* that then they and every of them fo offending the third time and thereof fo convicted, (hall be taken, adjudged and deemed as incorrigible rogues.

IV.  Provided always, and it is further enaCted by the au- Buyers of tkarky aforefiud. That whofoevet (hall buy any burthens of (torn wood, wood, ar arry poles or flick# of wood, or any other the premifies particularly mentioned in this bill, which may be juftly fnipeCted wun*1' to have been (loin or unlawfully come by. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid juftioes of the peace, mayors, bailiffs and head officers or any one of them, within their re-fpcCtrve jurisdictions, upon complaint to them thereof made, to examine the said matter upon oath, which they and every of them (ufpe&iyely are hereby authorised to adminifter: (2) and if they mall fina that the fame was bought of a person who might juftly be fufpeCted to have ftoki Or unlawfully come by the feme, and that the feme was ftoln or unlawfully come by;

That in fuch cafe the said juftices of peace, mayors, bailiffs or other head officers, or any one of them refpeCtively, (hall and may award the party who bought the fame to pay treble the value of the fame to the party from whom the fame was ftoleq or unlawfully taken; and in crefault of prefent payment thereof, to iffue forth their refpeCtive warrants to levy the fame by dif-trefe and fale of the offender’s goods, rendring the overplus to the party; and in default of fuch diftrefs, to commit the party to the gaol at his own charge, there to remain one month without bail,

V.  Provided always. That no person or persons (hall be Within what qoeftioned for any offence upon this law that hath been punifh- time olfcndera ed for the feme offence by any former law; (2) nor (ball be pu-niflwd by this law, unlefs he be queftioned within fix weeks in a&.' after the offence committed,

l>4 CAP,

*  

152

Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. c.3,4.  [1663.

CAP. III.

An act to explain and fupply a former aft for diftribntion of threescore thoufand pounds amongft the truly loyal and indigent comnuifiOD officers, and for aflefling of offices, and diflributing the monies thereby raifed, for their further fupply. ix & 14 Car. 3. c. 8. EXP.

CAP- IV.

An additional all for the better ordering the forces in the feveral counties of this kingdom.

FOR the better ordering of the forces in the feveral counties and places of England, and the dominion of Wales and town of Berwick lipon Tweedy and for the fupplying and explaining the late aft, intituled, An act for ordering the forces in the feveral counties of this kingdom, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame,That the feveral lieutenants of the feveral counties, cities and places nominated by his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefloi* refpeftively, and in their abfence out of the limits of their refpeftive lieutenancies, qr by their directions when they are not abfent, their deputy-lieutenants during their refpeftive deputation, or any two or more of them, (hall have power from time to time to lead, train,. exer-cife and put in readinefs, or by warrant under their hands and feals to caufe to be led, trained, exercifed or put in readinefe, all or any of the persons raifed, arrayed or weaponed, according to the said aft, to the intents and purpofes, and. by the directions of the said aft, and of this prefent aft.

II. And be it further enafted. That all and every person or perfons, charged or to be charged by virtue of either of the said 13 & 14 Car. 1. w;tk horfc> horfeman and arms, or foot-foldier and arms, c* 3*  (hall  under the penalty of forfeiting five (hillings, pay and allow

Allowance of upon demand, two (hillings fix pence by the day, to each repay to troop- fpeftive trooper that ferves with horfe and arms, for maintc-diem 6d’ ^ nance t^ie man an<* horfe; (2) and (hall under the penalty of Foot-foldier* tw0 Shillings, pay and allow upon demand, one (hilling by the is. per diem, day to each refpeftive foot-foldier, for fo many days as they or any of them (hall be abfent from their dwellings or callings by occalion of mufter or exercife, according to the rules of the said afts; (3) which said penalty is to be levied as is hereafter ex-prefled, unlefs fome certain agreement be made to the contrary before good witnefs ; and the said penalty is to be paid to fueh trooper or foot-foldier to whom his said pay was denied ; the refpeftive penalties to be demanded within fix weeks after each refpeftive default, or at or before the next fucceeding mufter, exercise or training, and not afterwards.

Penalty upon III. And be it further enafted, That if any person or persons refufers to firid aflefled or charged according to the said afts, or either of them, arms.  fliall  refufe or negleft by a reafonable time to be appointed, to

provide and furnifh fuch fufficient foot-foldier and arms, or foot-

fol-

i3&z4Car*a. c. 3. .

Power of the

lieutenants and deputy-lieutenants to train and exercife.

13 Car. flat. 1. c.6.

 v^,ooQle

1663.] Anno decimo qirinto Caroli II. c.4.  *53

foldiers and arms, as are accordingly charged ypon him or them 5 That then it (hall and may be lawful to arid for the refpedtive lieutenants and deputy-lieutenants, or any three or more of them, for every fuch offence from time to time to inflidt a penalty upon fuen person or perfons, not exceeding five pounds, to be levied in manner following,* and to be imployed to the lame ufes in default whereof the fame was impofed.

IV.  Be it further enadted, That it fhall and may be lawful for Conftables re-the refpedtive lieutenants and deputy lieutenants, or any three or quired to more of them, from time to time1 to appoint and require the con- cW^P^0115 liable or conftables of any parifh or place within this kingdom,

dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, to provide and fumilh (at a reafonable time and place to be appointed, upon a penalty to be impofed not exceeding forty (hillings for every fuch omiflion) fo many fufficient foot-arms (with wages and other incident charges) as the said lieutenants and deputy-lieutenants, or any three of more of them, (hall affefs or charge according to the rules and proportions of the said adts, upon revenues under fifty pounds per annum, or upon perfonal eftates lefs than fix hundred pounds, lying or being within any fuch re-fpeftive panfh or place.

V.  And in order thereunto, if any person or perfpns of or The penalty belonging to any fuch parHh or place, fhall upon demand refufe for not provi-or neglect to provide a foot-foldier or foot-foldiers, according f^oot arms, to the proportion aforefaid, or to pay any fum of money where- 00 ’

at he or they (hall be taxed or aflefled by a pound-rate, according to a lift ligned by the refpedtive lieutenants and deputy-lieu-tenants, or any three or more of them, for and towards the defraying and fatisfying the neceflary charge and expence difburft in providing and fumifhine fuch fufficient arms as aforefaid 5 that their4t-fha!l and may be lawful to and for fuch conftable or conftables, by warrant for that purpofe to levy fiich fum fo rated or aflefled, by diftrefs and (ale of the goods of fuch person or persons fo refilling or negledling to pay, and (hall reftore the overplus (if any) the charge of diftraining being first deduced;

(2) and the tenant of any houfe, land or revenue, rated or af-feffed as aforefaid, is hereby authorized and required to make payment of fuch fum of money fo rated or aflefled, and to de-duft fo much as fhall be charged upon the landlord’s rent, out of the next rent payable to the landlord; and in default hereof the goods of every iuch tenant is alfo liable to be diftrained and fold in manner aforefaid.

VI.  And be it further enadted, That once in every year here- What (hall be after, each foldier lifted or raifed by virtue of the said adts, or P^*°thc either of them, fhall pay to his refpedtive mufter-mafter fuch.Jj^#cr‘ma~ fum, not exceeding one fhilling for a horfeman, and fix pence

for a footman, as the refpedtive lieutenants and deputy-lieutenants, or any three or more of them, fhall under their hands and feals diredt 5 who have power hereby to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale in cafe of default of payment, upon the goods and chattels of fuch person or persons as are charged with the find-

 UooQle

What ammunition every mufqueteer IhaTloring with him.

Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. 0.4*  [1663,

ing of the refpedive horfeman or foot-foldier fo making default, uiuefs the default be by the negled of fuch horfeman or foot*-fbldier, who in that cafe are hereby to be accountable for the fame, and every fuch mufier-maftcr (hall be an inhabitant of the refpedive county.

VII.  And it is hereby further provided aikhena&ed, That at every mufter, training and exercise ; every mufqueteer fhall bring with him half a pound of powder, ana half a pound of bullets; and every mufqueteer that ferves with a match-lock (hall bring with him three yards of match, both which are to be found accordingly at the charge of fuch person or perlbns as provide the said foot-foldier and arms; (2) and every horfeman is to bring with him a quarter of a pound of powder, and a quarter of a pound of bullets, at the charge of fuch person or pcnbiu as provide the said horfeman and arms, who are hereby requir-The penalty, ed to find and bear the fame, upon pain of forfeiting five (hillings for every omiffion thereof. (3) And for the better diici-plining and inftru&ing of the said militia in their duties, as alio for eanng them of often and frequent meetings at feveral times, and for the better fecurity of the peace of the kingdom 3 (4) be it further enaded, That it fhall and may be lawful for the foul feveral lieutenants, and in their abfence, or by their directions, for any two or more of their deputies, within their refpedive counties and precinds for which they are comtaiffioned, at any time or times during the fpace of three years, from the twenty-fourth day of July in the year of our Loni one thoufaftd fix hundred fixty and three, to fummon and continue together fo many of the said trained forces within their refpedive counties aod precrn&s, and fo long as they fhall judge convenient, in hen of certain days appointed for exercise and muftets by the said ad, 13 & 14Car.». intituled. An a& for . ordering the forces in the feveral counties cf cf 3.  *  this kingdom*

No troop to be  VIIL Provided always, «»d be it enaded, That any troop,

kept upondu- company or foldiers, may be fo kept upon fuch duty by virtue ty above four- hereof fourteen days, and no fcngpr, in anyone year, teen days. IX. Pipvided always, and be it enaded, That every commit Commiffioned fioned foot-officer in the train-bands or militia of this kingdom ~ (fettled according to ad of parliament) (hall be and is hereby exempted and excufed from finding and contributing towards the finding any horfe, horfeman or arms, or foot-foldier and arms, for his whole eftate, if at any time it is charged but with one horfe, or a lefs charge, or for fuch part of his mate as is or fhall be charged with one horfe, if his whole eftate be charged with a greater charge than one horfe in the county or lieutenancy where he fo ferves as a foot-officer, in refped of the expesce which the said imployment doth neccflarily engage him in; any thing in the said ad to the contrary notwithftandifig.

X.  Be it alfo enaded and ordained, That each conftabk, tithingman, or other officer of any parifh or place, under the penalty for every negled of forfeiting forty (hillings, (hall and do by virtue of a warrant directed to him frpm the refpedive

lieu-

foot-officers dil'charged from finding arms.

The duty of conftables in

executing warrants of

i6Gg.]

Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. c.4.

155

lieutenants and deputy-lieutenants, or any three or more of the lieutenant* them, levy all arrears and proportions of money unpaid, that or deputies, were fct or charged for the railing, training ana arraying the trained-bands and forces actually railed and in being before the paffing of the said mentioned aft, by the diftrefs and fale of the goods of any peribn or peribns refuting to pay the fame, rend-hog back the overplus (if any) the charge of diftrefs and fale bong first deduced.

XI.  Be it alio enafted, That every trooper or foot-foldier at Troopers and any time raifed by virtue or according to the directions of this foldierafliallbe prefent aft, (hall be fubjeft to foch exercifc and duty, as others fu^a » charged or raifed by the fiud mentioned aft, and mail accord- 30 ingly upon like pains and penalties obferve and keep all the re-fpoftiwe orders and directions of the feid aft, and ot this prefent aft, and fhall fuffer the kune penalties for committing any of the refpeftive crimes and offences expreffed in the feid aft; which said pains and penalties are in the like cafes to be imposed and levied in the feme manner, and by the feme ways and means, as are fet down in the said aft.

XH. And whereas the fourth fart cf one month's affiffment in A fourth part each county, after the rate of feyenty thoufand founds by the month, of a month's4 is by the find aft yearly appointed far fiirniflnng ammunition and afleflment, other nuejfdrw\ (2) be k drafted and declared by the autho- bo£*0 ** lily aforefeid. That the feid mfpeftivc lieutenants and deputies, ** *** or any three or move of them, fhall from lime to time have power to diUpofe of fo much of the said fourth part to the inferior officers imployed in or atoout the feid refpeftive forces, for their pains and incouragement, as to them the said lieutenants and deputies, or any three or more of them, fhaJl feerti expedient.

aIB. Provided always, and be it enafted. That it ftiall be Perfons feed lawful to every peribn and peribns that ftiall have any aftion f°r m*ttc£ or fak brought against hit* or them for any thing done aftmay plead in execution of this or the said aft, to plead the general iflue, and the general to give the fpecial matter in evidence; and if judgment fhall iflue. be given for the defendant, or if the plaintiff (hall become non- ItouWecoftato fait, or difeontinue his fuit, then he ftiall recover double cofts. thc ctetttldant‘

XIV.  Provided alfo, and be it enafted. That no aftion or fait ftiall be brought against any peribn for any thing done in execution, or by pretence of the execution of this or the feid aft, unkfe the feid aftion or fuit be laid in the proper county, and commenced within fix months next after fuch caufe of aftion.

XV.  Provided, and be it further enafted by the authority ,3Car.t.ftat.i. aforefaid, That one claufe contained in a certain aft, c. 6. intituled. An oft declaring the file right of the militia to be in the

King, and for the prefent ordering and difpofwg of the fame; and made for the indemnifying of sdl persons afting in the militia, front the four and twentieth of June one thou fend fix hundred and fixtv, to the twentieth of July one thoufand fix hundred Fanatick fixtyaadpne, as touching the aflauking, detaining or impri- feftane*.

ion-

156  Anno decimo qulnto Caroli II. c.4.  [1663.’

foning any person fufpeded to be a fanatick, fedary or difturb-cr of the peace, or feizing of arms, or fearching of houfes for arms, or for fufpeded perfons, (hall be conftruea to commence and take effed, and (hall be good and effedual in law, for the indemnifying of all persons whatfoever ading in the militia of this kingdom for any the matters aforefaid, betwixt the fecond day of February one thoufand fix hundred fifty nine, and the four and twentieth of June one thoufand fix hundred and fixty in* clufive, by virtue or colour of any authority or command .whatfoever ; any thing in the said ad, or in any other aft to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

How the for- XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, feitures and That the feveral forfeitures, penalties and payments by this thUaftmaybe prefent ad impofed, fet or direded, (not otherwife by this pne-Jeyied, * fent ad provided to be levied, fued for or recovered) fhall or may, in cafe of default, be levied or recovered by warrant under the hands and feals of the refpedive lieutenants and deputy-lieutenants, or any three or more of them, upon the goods and chattels pf the offender, and by fale of the fame, rendring the party the overolus, if any be: (2) and if fufficient of the goods and chattels of fuch offender cannot be found or had, whereof to levy fuch forfeiture, payment or penalty, then die said refpedive lieutenants and deputy-lieutenants, or any three or more of them, (hall have power, and are hereby authorized, by like warrant undertheir hands and fealsto commit fuch offender to prifon until he (hall make fatisfadion, according to the said forfeiture, payment or penalty.

XVII.  And it is further declared and enaded, That all and every person and persons which fince the five and twentieth day of March one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, have a&ed or done anything in the difmantfing of any cities or towns, or de-molHhipg of walls and fortifications thereof, or relating thereunto, (hal) be and are hereby indemnified and faved harmlefs. And whereas fome doubt hath arifen upon the said aft, what efiatss Jhall be charged with or towards foot;

How persons XVIII. Be it therefore enaded and declared by the authority may becbarg- aforefaid, That no person who hath an eftate of the yearly va-andTfor what ^ue tWQ hundred pounds, or perfonal eftate of the value of eftates. two thoufand four hundred pounds, chargeable by the said ad, (hall be charged with or toward the finding any toot; (2) and it (hall be lawful for the refpedive lieutenants and deputies, or any three or more of them* to charge according to the proportions in the said ad, any person who hath an eftate of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, and under the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or who hath a perfonal eftate of twelve hundred pounds, and under the value of two thoufand four hundred pounds, chargeable by the said ad, with or towards the finding of foot, or toward the finding of horfe, as to their judgment (hall feem moft expedient for his Majesty’s fervict; (2) yet neverthelefs this (hall not be construed to extend to make any alteration in the provifions in the said or thi$ ad, concern-

ing

*57

1663.3 Ahno decimo quinto Caroli II. c.5,6.

ing the forces to be charged or raifed in cities, corporations and and port-towns.

XIX.  Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority The Cinque aforefaid. That the lord warden of the cinque ports* two an- Port,# tient towns, and their members, and in his abfence his lieutenant or lieutenants, (hall and may put in execution within

the said ports, towns and members, all the powers and autho- » rides given and granted by this and the said former aft, and to execute and perform all and every the things therein con* tained, in the like manner as the refpeftive lieutenants of the counties and their deputies may do, and may keep up and continue the ufual numbers of foldiers in the said ports, towns and members, unlefs they find caufe to leffen the fame: (2) and that the inhabitants of the said ports, towns and members, being in regard of their fituation on the fea-coafts charged with a greater proportion of arms and armed men, than other parts of the kingdom, fhall not be charged with arms or armed men in the counties adjacent, for their eftates there lying, fave only for fuch proportion as they are liable unto, and either are not or (hall not be charged with within the said ports, towns and members; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary in any wife notwithitanding.

XX.  Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority a-forefaid. That the inhabitants and revenues of or in the parifh

of St. Martin, called Stamford-Baron, in the fuburbs of the bo- St. Martin's rough and town of Stamford, on the-fouth fide of the waters parHhinStam-there called Welland*, may be aflefled and charged to find and ferve in the trained bands of the county of Lincoln, as formerly, according to the said mentioned aft and this prefent aft, by the lieutenant and deputy-lieutenants for the county of Lincoln for the time being, in fuch manner as any persons or eftates within the said county of Lincoln may be by them aflefled and charged to the purpofes aforefaid; and they of St. Martin aforefaid are hereby declared to be well and legally aflefled and charged by the said lieutenant and deputy-lieutenants refpeftively.

CAP. V.

An a6t for the regulating felcft veftries. To continue in force to the end of the foil feflion of the next parliament, and no longer.

EXP.

CAP. VI.

An aft far relief of fuch persons as by Jicknefs or other impediment were difabled from fubferibing the declaration in the act of uniformity, and explanation of part of the said aft.

WHEREAS by an act of this prefent parliament, intituled, An M & 14 Car*1 aft for uniformity of publick prayer and adminiftfation c* ♦*1# *• of the facraments, and other rites and ceremonies, and for the tftabliflung the form of making, ordaining and confecrating bifhops, priefts and deacons, in the church of England, it um enafted, That every dean, canon and prebend of every cathedral or col-Iciiatc churchy and all wafers and fellows of any college, holly houje

 v^»ooQle

Anno detimo quinto Caroli II. C

of learning or hofpital, and every parfon, vicar t aerate, and rutty other person in holy orders, who upon the firfi day of May, which fbould be in the year of our Lord God one tboufandfix hundred Jixty ' and two, or at any time thereafter Jbould be incumbent or have pof-fejfon of any deanry, canonry, prebend, mafierfbip, felhrvuflnp, parfonage, vicarage, or any other eccUfiaftical dignity or promotion, Jbould before the feajl+iay of Saint Bartholomew, which jbould be in the year of our Lord one tboufand fix hundred fixty and two, fuh-fcribe the declaration or acknowledgment in the feud aft mentioned mi expreffed, before the refpeftive arcbbijbops, bifbops, ordinaries or vice-chancellors of the refpeftive univerfities, upon pain that all and every of the perfims aforefaid, failing in fuch Jubfcription, Jbould lofe and forfeit fuch refpeitive deanry, canonry, prebend, majlerjbtp, fellowjbip, parfonage, vicarage, ecclefaftical dignity or promotion, and jhould be utterly difabled, and ipto fa&o deprived of the fame; and that every fuch refpeft 'rue deanry, canonry, prebend, mafierfbip, fellowjbip, parfonage, vicarage, ecclefiaftical dignity or promotion, should be void, as if fuch person fo failing were naturally dead: (a) that after fuch Jubfcription made, every fuch parfon, war, rc-rafc and lecturer, Jbould procure a certificate under the hand and feed of the refpeftrve archbifhop, bifbop,  ordinary of the diocefe,  and

fimld publickly and openly read the fame, together with the declaration or acknowledgment aforefaid, upon fame Lords day within three months then next following, in his parijb church where be was to officiate, in the prefence of the congregation there ajfembled, in the time of divine fervice\ upon pain that every person failing therein fhould lofe fuch parfonage, vicarage or benefice refpeflively, and Jbould be utterly difabled, and ipfo fa&o deprived of the fame, and that the said parfonage, vicarage or benefice fhould be void, as if he were naturally dead.

II.  And whereas divers per fins of eminent loyalty to his Majesty, and of known ajfeflion to the liturgy of the church of England, who by the said all were required to fnbfcribe the fetid declaration or acknowledgment, at the time of the pqffing of the said act were out of this realm, in Ireland, or other parts beyond thefeus, upon lawful and jufiifiable occasions, and had no knowledge or notice thereof until their return into England, being after the said feajl of Saint Bar-tholomew; and divers other of the said loyal and well-offefted per-fens, by reafen of ficknefs, imprifenment, difabiUty of body, or other-wife, could not or did not refert unto their refpeflive archbifhops, bi-Jhops or ordinaries, or vice-chancellors of the refpcftive universities, before whom fuch jubfcription was appointed by the said aft to be made: all which said perfens are by force of the said aft utterly dif-abtid, and ipfo deprived of their refpeftive deaf tries, canonries, prebendaries, maflerjbips, fellowfhips, parfonages, vicarages, or other eccUfiaftical benefices or promotions, by reafen of fuch their omiffiou.

III.  For remedy whereof, and for the relief of fuch per-fons, be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That all deans, canons, prebendaries,

1663.3  Ajjfto decimo quinco Caroli II. c,6.

daries, inafters and fellows of any colleges, halls or other houlcs of learning) and all parfons, vicars and other ecclefiaf-tical persons aforefeid, who at the time of the palling of the (aid adt being in Ireland, or any the parts beyond the seas, did not return into this kingdom before the said feaft of Saint Bartholomew one thoufand fix hundred fixty and two, or who being in England, by imprifonment, iicknefs, dilability of body, or otherwife, did not refort unto their refpe&ive archbilhop, bilhop, ordinary or vice-chancellor of the laid refpe&ive uni-verfities, to fubkrribe the laid declaration and acknowledgment, before the laid feaft in the year of our Lord aforefaid, lhall be and are hereby declared to be reftored unto and preferved in their retpedtiye deanries, canonries, prebendaries, mafterlhips, fellowlhips, parfonages, vicarages, and other ecclefiaftical benefices and promotions, whereunto no other person or perlons before the first day of Auguft. in the year of our Lord one thou-fend fix hundred fixty and three, were or lhall be lawfully in-ftituted, inducted, collated or placed ; and lhall and may hold and enjoy the feme according to his and their former right; the aforefaid ait, or any thing therein contained, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.  Provided, That every fuch dean, canon, prebendary, matter and fellow of any college, hall or boufe of learning* and all parfons, vicars and curates, and other ecclefiaftical perfons, who are or lhall by virtue of this a it be reftored to or preferved in their laid feveral and relpe&ive promotions, lhall before the feaft of the nativity of our Lord next enfuing, if he be in England, or if beyond the Teas, within forty days after his return into England, fubferibe the said declaration or acknowledgment before the refpeitive archbilhop, bilhop or ordinary of the diocefe, or vice-chancellor aforefaid refpeitively; (2) and that every fuch paribn, vicar, curate or le&urer lhall procure a certificate under the hand and feal of the refpeitive archbilhop!, bilhop or ordinary of the diocefe (who are hereby required and enjoined upon demand to make and deliver fetch certificate) and lhall publickly and openly read the fame, together with the declaration or acknowledgment aforefaid, upon fome Lord’s day within three months then next following fuch fubfeription, in his parilh church where he is to officiate, in the prefence of the congregation then afiembled, in the time of divine fervice.

Vf And be it further enaited and declared by the authority aforefaid. That every fubfeription already made, or hereafter to be made, before any vicar general or chancellor to any archbilhop or bilhop, or commiflary to the archbilhop of Canterbury or any other bilhop, is and lhall be as efFe&ual and beneficial in law to all intents and purpofes to every person and persons which have or lhall make luch fubfeription as aforefaid, as if the feme had been made before the archbilhop or bilhop of the province or diocefe refpeitively ; any thing in the aforefaid ait to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.  Provided alfo. That every person who lhall have benefit

by

i6o

Anno decimo quinto CaROli IL c.7.

by this ad, (hall make fuch allowance for ferving the cure fince the twenty-fourth of Auguft one thoufand fix hundred fixty-two, as lhall be judged fit by the ordinary of the place, and (hall pay and difcharge all tenths, penfions and other charges, wherewith the benefice to which he is by this ad reftored, hath been or might be legally charged fince the day aforefaid.

VII.  And whereas Jome doubt hath ariftn, whether persons prohibited to preach by the/aid aft are in the fame plight as to pumfbmenty with persons difabled by the said aft to preachy (2) be it declared Perlbns prohi- and enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the penalties by the bited to said ad to be inflided upon any person difabled by the said ad to preach, for any offence against the said ad, (hall in like manner be inflided upon every person fo offending, that is prohibited by the said ad to preach; any thing, doubt or ambiguity in the (aid ad to the contrary notwithffanding.

preach 13 & 14 Car. 1 c. 4.

Tillage.

CAP. VII.

An act for the encouragement of trade.

Jj'OR AS MUCH as the encouraging of tillage ought to be in an

efpecial manner regarded and endeavoured ; and the fur eft and ef-feftualleft means of promoting and advancing any trade, occupation or tnyftery, being by rendring it profitable to the ufers thereof; (2) and great quantities of land within this kingdom for the prefent lying in a manner waftey and yielding little, which might thereby be improved to eonfidcrable profit and advantage (if fufficient encouragement were given for the Jaytng out of coft and labour on the fdme) and thereby much more corn produced, great numbers of people, horfes and cattle impley-idy and other lands alfo rendred more valuable:

II. Be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by die authority thereof; and it is hereby enaded. That from and after the first day of September in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred lixty and three, and from thenceforward, when the prices of corn and grain IVinchefier meafure do not exceed the rates hereafter following, at the hivens or places where the Com not ex- ^amc ^ ®upPcd or l°adcn, (viz.) The quarter of wheat, ceeding cer- eight and forty (hillings ; the quarter of barley or malt* eight tain rates may and twenty millings; the quarter of buck-wheat, eight and be tranfport- twenty (hillings; the quarter of oats, thirteen (hillings and four pence; the quarter of rye, two and thirty (hillings; the quarter of peafe or beans, two and thirty (hillings current Englijb money 5 that then it (hall be lawful for all and every person and persons to (hip, load, carry and tranfport any of the said corns or grains from the havens or places where they (hall be of fuch

!>rices, unto any parts beyond the Teas as merchandize; any aw, ffatute or ufage to the contrary notwithffanding; paying fuch rates for the fame, and none other, as are to be paid when the fame might have been tranfported by one ad i* Car. 1. c.4. paffed this prefent parliament, intituled. A Jubfidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage.

III.  And

1663.] Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. c.7.  *6*

III.  And h is hereby farther enacted by the authority afore* When com laid. That when the prices of the aforefaid corns and grains do

not exceed the rates above-mentioned refpe&ively Jrincbefter ^at ciftom meafure, at the haven or place into which any of them (hall be to b* paid, imported from any parts beyond the Teas, there (hall be paid for the cuftom and poundage of every quarter of wheat, five (hillings and four pence; and for every quarter of rye, four (hillings; and for every quarter of barley or malt, two (hillings and eight pence •> and for every quarter of buck-wheat, two (hillings; and tor every quarter of oats, one (hilling four pence \ and tor every auarter of peafe or beans, four (hillings,

IV.  And it is hereby further enabled by the authority aibrc-fcid, That when the prices of com or gram Winchejler meafure do not exceed the rates following at the markets, havens or places where the fame (hall be bought, (viz.) the quarter of wheat, eight and forty (hillings; the quarter of rye, two and thirty lhiliings ; the quarter of barley or malt, eignt and twenty (hillings ; the quarter of buck-wheat, eight and twenty (hillings ; the quarter of oats, thirteen (hillings and four pence; the Quarter of peafe or beans, two and thirty (hillings; that then it (nail be lawful for all and every person and perions (not fore-(lalling nor felling the fame in the fame market within three months after the buying thereof) to buy in open market, and to lay up and keep in his or their granaries or houfes, and to (ell again, fuch corn or grain of the kinds aforefaid, as without fraud or covin (hall have been bought at Or under the prices be-* fore exprdTed, without incurring any penalty $ any law, statute or ullage to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.  And in regard his Majejlfs plantations beyond the seas are in- Plantations habited and peopled by his fubjefts of this his kingdom of England \ bey°nd the fir the maintaining a greater correfpondence and kindnefs between them9 feas*

and keeping them in a firmer dependance upon /V, and renting them yet more beneficial and advantagious unto it in the further employment and increafe of Englilh Jhipping and feamen9 vent of Englilh woolen and other manufactures and commodities, rendring the navigation to and from the fame more fafe and cheap, and making this kingdom a fiapliy not only of the commodities of those plantations, but alfo of the commodities of other countries and places, for the fupplying of them * and it being the ufage of other nations to http their plantations trade to tbemfelves.

VI.  Be it enadted, and it is hereby enabled, That from and Commodity* after the live and twentieth day of March one thoufand fix hun- of the growth dred Cxty-four, no commodity of the growth, produftion or *nr^ "la”utaCw manufadture of Europe, (hall be imported into any land, ifland, bo^*to plantation, colony, territory or place to his Majesty belonging, be1 imported or which (hall hereafter belong unto or be in the pofieffion of his *»n Englilh; Majesty, his heirs and fucceflor*, in Afiay. Africa or America,

(Tangier only excepted) but what (hall be bona fide9 and without fnwbf fraud, laden and (nipped in Enpfandy Wales9 or the town of Ber- 3 & 4 Ann«% wick upon Tweed, and in Enghjh built (hipping, or which were c* *• f 1* bena fide bought before the first day of October one thoufand fix hundred iixty and two, and had luch certificate thereof as is

Vol. VII I,  M  dire&ed

i6z

13 ft 14 Car. 1. cat.

The penalty.

Salt for fiihe-ries.

t3Geo.i.c. 5.

Prevention of frauds.

Farther providedfor by 7 & 8 W3. c. tfz. f. 5.

Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. c.7*  [1663.

directed in one ait pafled the last feflions of this prefeat parliament, intituled. An aR for preventing frauds, and regulating a-hufes in his Majejlys cujloms ; and whereof the matter and three fourths of the mariners at lead are EngKJb, and which (hall be carried direCUy thence to the said lands, iflands, plantations, colonies, territories or places, and from no other place or places whatfoever; any law, statute or ufage to the contrary notwith-ftanding; (2) under the penalty of the lofs of all fuch commodities of the growth, production or manufacture of Europe, as (hall be imported into any of them from any other place whatfoever, by land or water \ and if by water, of the (nip or veflel alfo in which they were imported, with all her guns, tackle, fhrniture, ammunition and apparel; one third part to his Ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs $ one third part to the governor of lucn land, ifland, plantation, colony, territory or place, into which fuch goods were imported, if tne said (hip, veflel or goods be there feizcd or informed against and fued for; or otherwife that third part alfo to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs ; ani the other third part to him or them who (hall feize, inform or fue for the feme in any of his Majesty’s courts in fuch of the laid lands, iflands, colonies, plantations, territories or places where the offence was committed, or in any court of record in England, by bill, information, plaint or other aCtion, wherein no efloin, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed.

VII.  Provided always, and be it hereby enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to fhip and lade in fuch (hips, and fo navigated, as in the foregoing daufe is fet down and exprefled, in any part of Europe, fait for the fifheries of New-England and Newfoundland> and to (hip and lade in the Madera’s wines of the growth thereof, and to (hip and lade in the Weftern iflands ot Azores wines of the growth of the said iflands, and to (hip and take in fervants or horfes in Scotland or Ireland, and to (hip or lade in Scotland all forts of victual of the growth or production of Scotland, and to (hip or lade in Ireland all forts of victual of the growth or production of Inland, and the fame to tranfport into any of the said lands, iflands, plantations, colonies, territories or places : any thing in the foregoing daufe to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

VIII.  And for the better prevention of frauds, be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted. That from and after the five and twentieth day of March one thoufand fix Hundred fixty and four, every person or persons importing by land anv goods or commodities whatfoever into any the said lands, iflands, plantations, colonies, territories or places, (hall deliver to the governor of fuch land, ifland, plantation, colony, territory or place, or to fuch person or officer as (hall be by him. thereunto authorized and appointed, within four and twenty hours after fuch importation, his and their names and furnames, and a true investo-ry and particular of all fuch goods or commodities : (2) and no (nip or veflel coming to any fuch land, ifland^ plantation, colony, territory or place, (hall lade or unlade any goods or comma-

 CjOOQie

1663.] Anno dccimo quinto CArOli II. c.7.  163

modifies whatsoever, until the raafter or commarttter of fuch Ship or veftel (hall first have made known to thp governor of fuch had, ifland, plantation, colony, territory or place, or fuch other person or officer as Shall be by him thereunto authorized and appointed, the arrival of the said (hip or veflel, toith her name, and the name and furname of her mafter or commander, and have Shewn to him that She is an Englijh• built (hip, or made good by producing fuch certificate, as abovesaid, thht (lie is a Ship or veflel bona fide belonging to England, Wales, or the town of Berwick and navigated with an Englifh mafter, and three fourth parts of the mariners at lead Englifhmen, and have delivered to Such governor or other £irfon or officer a true and perfeft inventory or invoice of her lading, together with the place or places in which the said goods were laden or taken into the hid (hip or veSTel; (3) under the pain df the lofs of the (hip or veflel, with all her guns, ammunition, tackle, furniture and apparel, and of aH fuch goods of the growth, production or ma-nufafture of Europe, as were not bona fide laden and taken in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick, to be recovered and divided in manner aforefaid ; (4) and all fuch as are governors or commanders of any the said lands, iflands, plantations, colonies, territories or places (Tangier only excepted) Shall before the five and twentieth day of March one thoufand fix hundred Sixty and four, and afl fuch as Shall hereafter be made governors or commanders of any of them. Shall before their entrance upon the execution of fuch trull or charge, take a folerim oath before fuch person or persons as Shall be authorized by his Majesty, his heirs and facceflbr9, to adminifter the fame, to do their utmoft within their refpeftive governments or commands, to caufe to be well and truly obferved what is in this aft enabled, in relation to the trade of fuch lands, islands, plantations, colonies, territories and places, under the penalty of being removed out of their refpeftive governments and commands : (5) and if any of them (hall be found, after the taking of fuch oath, to have wittingly and willingly offended contrary to what is by this aft requiltd of them, mat they Shall for fuch offence be turned out of their governments, ana be uncapable of the government of any other land, island, plantation or colony; and moreover, forfeit the fum bf one thousand bounds of lawful money of England; the one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and fccceflbrs *, and the other moiety to him or them that (hall inform or fue for the fame in anjr of his Majesty’s courts in any of the said plantations, or in any court of record in England, wherein no effoin, proteftion or wager of law (hall be allowed.

IX.  And it is'hereby further enafted, That if any officer of Penalty upon th« cuftoms in England, Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tw'ed, officers ot the (hall give any warrant for, or fuffer any fugar, tobacco, ginger, cufton,s* cotton-wool, indigo, fpeckle-wood or Jamaica-wood, foftick or other dying-wood ©f the growth of any of the said lands,

M2  iflands.

 v^»ooQle

Encouragement of plantations, and increafe of fhippinz. Sea-coals. Altered by 9 Amue* c. 6. f. 7.

Anno dccimo quinto Caroli II. c.j; [1663.

i (lands, colonies, plantations, territories or places, to be earned into any other country or place whatlbever, until they ham been first unladen bona fide and put on (hore in fome port or haven in England or Wales* or in the town of Berwick; that every fuch officer for fuch offence (hall forfeit his (dace, and the value of fuch of the said goods as he (hall give warrant for, or fuffer to pafs into any other country or place* the one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccellbrs; and the other moiety to him or them that (hall inform or fue for the fame in any court of record in England or Wales* wherein no effoin, proteA-ion or wager in law (hall be allowed.

X.  And for the better encouragement of the said plantations, and the increafe of the (hipping and navigation of this kingdom, £2) be it enabled, and it is hereby enatted by the authority a-fbrelaid, That from and after the five and twentieth day of March one thoufend fix hundred fixty and four, it (hall and may be lawful out of any port of England or Wales, or out of the town of Berwick, to (hip and lade (ea-coals for any part of them, paying for the chalder, Newcaflle-mtiSyxcz* one (hilling eight pence; and for the chalder, London-mztfxxtt* one (hilling and no more; in full of all cuftom and poundage for the fame, any law, statute or prohibition to the contrary in any wife notwithfbmding.

XI.  Provided, That fuch fea-coals be shipped in fuch (hipping, and fo navigated, as abovefaid; and that good fecurity be given to the officers of the cuftoms in fuch port in which they are (hipped, for the landing them in the said plantations, and not elfc-where.

XII.  And forafmuch as fcveral confiderable and advantagimts trades cannot be conveniently driven and carried on without the /pities of money or bullion, and that it is found by experience, that they are carried in grcatejl abundance (as to a common market) to fucb places as give free liberty for exporting the fame-, and the bitter to keep in and increafe the current coins of this kingdom, (2) be it ena&ed, and it is hereby enacted. That from and after the first day of Augujl one thoufand fix hundred fixty and three, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons whatfoever, to export out of any port of England or Wales, in which there is a cuftomer or collector, or out of the town of Berwick, all

Foreign coin forts of foreign kind or bullion of gold or filver, first mak-orbuUionmay ing entry thereof in fuch cuftom-houfe refpc&ively, with-be exported. out paying any duty, cuftom, poundage or fee for the fame;

any law, statute or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.  And lajlly, whereas a very great part of the ricbejl and heft land of this kingdom is and cannot Jo well be otherwife impleyed and made use of as in the feeding and fattening of cattle * and that by the eoming in of late of vafl numbers of cattle already fatted, fuch lands are in many places much fallen, ana like daily to fall more in their rents and values, and in confequtnce other lands alfo, to the great

Penalties upon prejudice* detriment and impoveri/bment of this kingdom \ (2) be it importation of further enafted by the authority aforclaid, and it is hereby c-

ju o!Sia *  That *or cveI7 ^ca<* °* 8rcat catt^c (except fuch as are

of

1663.] Anno dedmo quinto Caroli II. c.7.  165

of the breed of Scotland) that (hall be imported or brought into times. England* Wales* or the town of Berwick upon Tweedy after the firll day of Jstfy, and before'the twentieth day,of December any year, and for every head of great battle of the breed of Scot- %. c. *. land that (hall be imported or brought into England, -Wales, or For Scots tattle, the town of Berwick, after the four and twentieth day of Au- ice 5 An.n*> gnfi* and before the twentieth day of December in any year, ^ **ArUCJC** there (hall be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, the fum of twenty (hillings; and the fum of ten (hillings to him or diem that (hall inform Or feize the fame; and the fum of ten (hillings to the poor of the parilh where fuch feizure or information (hall be made, to be reoovered and levied by bill, plaint or other a&ion, wherein no efibin, protection or wager in law (hall be allowed. EX P.

XIV.  And moreover. That there (hall he paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, for every (heep which (hall be imported into England, Wales, or the town of Berwick afore-£ud, after the first day of Augujl, and before the twentieth day of December„ in any year, the fum of ten (hillings of lawful money of England, to be recovered and levied in manner a-forefaid.

XV.  Provided always, That this aCt, in fo far as it relates The continu-to great cattle or (heep, (hall not take place till the first day of anceofthisaft July one thoufand fix hundred fixty and four, nor continue* a» t° mtporta. longer than the end of the first feffion of the next parliament. uon ot cattlc*

XVI.  And for the encouragment of the herring and North-

Jea* IJhnd and Weftmony fi(heries, (2) be it ena&ed, and it is Encourage, hereby enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after meat of ber-the first day of Augujl which mall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and four, no frelh herring, fot.*. fre(h cod or haddock, coal-fifh or gull-fi(h, (hall be imported c. 18. f. 1. into England, Wales, or the town of Berwick, but in Englijh-built ihips or vefiiels, or in (hips or veflels bona fide belonging to England, Wales, or the town of Berwick, and having fuch certificate thereof as is abovetaid, and whereof the matter and three fourths at the leaft of the mariners are Englijh, and which hath been fi(hed, caught and taken in fticfr (hips or veflels; and fo navigatedj and not being bought or had of any ftrangers born, or out of any ftrangers bottoms, under The pain of the forfeiture of all fuch herring, cod, haddock, coal-filTi or gull-filh imported contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, and of the (hip or veflil in which" it^was imported; (3) one moiety of which forfeitures (hall be to his Majesty, his heirs arid foe-ceflors; and the other moiety to him or them that (hall inform; feize or fue for the fame, to be recovered bjjr bill; plaint or other a&ion, wherein no eflbip, protection or wager in law (hall be allowed.

XVII.  And be it further enadWdv and It 1$ hereby enaCted

by the authority aforefaid, That for the following forts or'kinds Duties to be pf felted or cried fob, which from and after the said first paid upon in*

M3  day  portauoa of

166  Annodetimo quint© Carol i H.'C.f;  [l66f-

failed or dried day of Auguft (hall be imported into  , Walts or the town

of Benvick, in any other (hip or veflel than wbat is Engli/b-built or belonging to England, Woles or town of Berwick, and having fuch certificate thereof as abovesaid, and whereof the matter and three fourths of the mariners at leaft are EngBJb, and not having been filhed and caught in fuch (hips or veflel s, and lo navigated, there Audi be paid by way of outtom and impott the feveral fums of money herein after particularly mentioned, (that is to (ay) for cod-filh the barrel, five (hillings; for cod-fi(h the lad, containing twelve barrels, three pounds; for cod-filh the hundred, containing fixfcore, ten (hillings; for coal-fifh the hundred, containing fix (bo re, five (hillings; for lings the hundred, containing fixfcore, one pound; for white herrings the laft, containing twelve barrels, one pound fixteen. Jhillings; for haddocks the barrel, two (hillings; for guU-fi(h the barrel, two (hillings.

The further XV11I. Andforafmucb as planting and making  within

penalty for this kingdom of England doth continue and  ,  to  the apparent

planting to- i*fs  tf hit [aid  Majtjlyin his cuftoms, the difeouragement of the Eng-

land? >U "S Plantations in tht parts beyond the feat, and prejudice of jiCar.a.c. 54. kingdom in  general, notwithftanding an all of parliament made in the

twelfth, year of bis said Majtjly’s reign for prevention thereof, istti-t\ded,An act for prohibiting the planting, fetting or (owing of tobacco in England and Ireland (a) forafimub as it is by experience, that the reafonwhy the said planting and making of tobacco doth continue is, that the penalties priferibed and appointed by that law are fo little, as have neither power or tffell over tbe tranf-greffors thereof; (3) for remedy therefore of fo great an evil, be it ena<5ted by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the per-fon or persons whatfoever, that do or (hall at any time hereafter fet, plant or fow any tobacco in feed, plant or otherwife, in or upon any ground, field, earth or place, within the kingdom of. England,dominion of Wales, ittands of  and Jerfey,

or. town.of Berwick upon Tweed, or kingdom of Ireland, (hall, over and above the: penalty of the said aft for that purpofe ordained, for every fuch offence forfeit ahd pay the fum of ten pounds for every tod.of pole of ground that he or they (hall plant, fet or fow with, tobacco, and fo proportionably for a greater or letter quantity of ground; one third part thereof to the King’s majefty, one other third part thereof to the use of the ' poor .of fuch refpeftire parilh or parifhes wherein fuch to-bte&fc (hall be fo planted, fet or fowed; and the other third part thereof to him or them that (hall fue for the fame, to jpe recovered by aft ion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in. arty, of his said Majesty’s courts of record at  ,

wherein no eftbin,: proteaion or wager of law (hall be allowed.

XIX. And it is hereby further enafted, That in cafe any. per-. . —  , fon or perfops lhail refifl or make forcible oppofition againft

Ohy perfonor perform.in the due and through execution of the fgid aft of the twelfth of his laid Majesty’s reign, that he, (he

 v^oc z

1663.3  Anno decimo quin to  Caroli II. C.8«  267

or they, fo redding and making forcible oppoiition, (hall over and above the penalties therein mentioned for fuch offences, be committed to the common gaol of the county where fuch offence (hall be committed, there to remain without bail or main-prize, until he, (he or they, have entred into a recognizance to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccelTors, with two fufficient fure-ties, of ten pounds penalty, not to do or commit the like offence again.

XX.  Provided always, That this aft, nor any thing therein Provifo for to-contained, (hall extend to the hindrance or prejudice of plant- bacco planted ing tobacco in any phyfick-eardenof either of the univerfities,

or any other private garden for chirurgery, fo as the quantity fo 8 planted exceed not the half of one pole in any one place or garden.

XXI.  Provided alfo, and be it enafted. That it (hall and Cattleimport-may be lawful to import cattle of the breed of the ijle of Man,

not exceeding fix hundred in any pne year, and com of the Man*

Stfth of that ifland, out of that ifland into England; fo as the cattle be landed at Cbefler, Liverpool or Wire-water \ any thing in this aft to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-Handing.

CAP. VIII.

An 08 to prevtnt the felling of live fat cattle by butchers-

WHEREAS by an aft made in the third and fourth yean of s &4.E4. 6.

the reign of King Edward Mr Sixths it is enafted, That no c. 19. f. %• perfoit ufing the craft or ntyjlery of a butcher should buy any fat oxen, 11 & *3 Car.*. fleers, runts, bine, heifers, calves or Jheep, and fell the fame again  Cm  ^

alive, upon pain of forfeiture of the cattle fo fold; (2) which law ijac.i. c/17! bath not wrought Juch effeftual reformation as was intended, by rea-  sw-& M.

fin of the difficulty in tie proof of fuch buying and fellings being for c* H* the mofi part at places far diftant, if not in Jeveralcounties, by means  #  *’

whereof the parties fo offending have efcoped unpuni/bed:  5 Anna,*.  34.,

II. be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent ma. 7 Annas, c, 6. jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritud ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflenv-bled, and by authority of the fame. That no person ufing the trade of a butcher (hall at any time from and after the feaft of St. Michael the archangel next enfuine, fell, offer or expofe to fale, in any market or elfewhere, either by hinlfelf or any fe^' vant or agent whatfoever, any fat oxen, (leers, runts, kine, fyei-fers, calves, (heep or lambs alive; (2) upon pain to forfeit the Penalty upon double value of the cattle fo fold or offered or expofed to fale butchers tor as aforefaid; the one moiety of which forfeiture (hall be to the ive * King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors; and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame in any of his Majel-ty’s courts of record, by bill, plaint, aftion of debt or information, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law (hall be

flowed,

M4

CAP,

161  Anno decimo quinto CaroLi. II c.9, — 11. [1663,

CAP. IX.

An a ft for granting four entire fubfidiei to biiMajefty by tbe temporally,

£ X P •

CAP. X.

An act for confirming of four fubfidies granted by the clergy. EXP.

CAP. XI.

An additional aft for tbe better ordering and colleSing tk duty of excifey and preventing tbe abufes therein.

i» Car.*, c. *4. T? O R the preventing of tbefrauds and deceits of brewers andstkr Ibis a# eon* J/ perfcfy who mate beer and ale9 and other excifeable liquors, u tinuidjor 99 yj^ anj 0f ^f^ committed by the officer s9 collectors and mm-

t0 the ireat decay of his Majejlfs revenue of cx-and enforced * cife9 ami obJlruCtion of the due and orderly collecting of tbe fame, ed b$k6W. &M. for fupply and amendment of certain defects in the laws and fltim *. *♦. f. ax* relating to the duty of excife9 as well for the fupport and advm if the faul revenue as for the cafe of the peoples (2) be it ena&ed by the Kang’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the confirm cf the lords fpiritual and temporal, and of the commons, in thi$ parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame, That do common brewer, inn-keeper, victualler or other retailer of beer or ale, (hall at any time after the first day of September one Notice to be thoufand fix hundred fixty-three, without nrft giving notict given of all thereof at the next office of excife, or to the commiffioners, ^rewing ve -  or fub-commiffioners of excife, or one of them, within

the limits and jurifdiCtion of whofe office he or they do or (hall inhabit, ereCt, fet up, alter or enlarge any tun, fat, back, cooler or copper, and (hall make use of any of them for the brewing or making any beer or ale, or worts, or (hall male use of or keep any private and concealed ftore-houfe, cellar or other place for the laying of any beer or ale, or worts in calk, other than fuch as are already openly fet up, eredted and made use of in his common and ufual brew-houle, and now openly The penalty, difeovered and known $ (3) upon pain to forfeit th$ fum of fifty Poun<k ^or cv<?7 tun> fat, back, copper and cooler fet ypand fefl*. i. c. *4.. xna^c uk ^thout fuch notice given thereof as aforefaid, and I.* ’ contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof: (4) and that all and every other person or perfons, in whofe occupation any houfe, mefluage, outhoufe or other place whatfoever is or (hill be, where any fuch private and concealed tun, back, cooler or ftore-houfe (hall be found and difeovered, (hall alfo forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds, to be levied and recovered in manner and form as in and by this prerent adt is hereafter directed and ordained: (5) ana moreover, every fuch prim and concealed tun, fat, back, copper or cooler, fo difeovered and found as aforefaid, or altered or enlarged, together with all * beer, ale or worts therein being, (hall and may be taken up, feized, carried away and delivered to the overfeers for the poor, to be fold for the use of the poor, or diftributed a-mongft them.

P  II.  And

i663«1 Anno declmo quinto Caroli II. C.tf.  x69

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Commiffioner* from and after the eighth day of November in the year of our n<*

Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and five, no person orthc cxc e" persons whatfoever nominated by his Majesty to be in comjnif-fion for the regulating of his Majesty’s revenue of excife, or for the exercise of any the powers or authorities mentioned in an aft, intituled, A grant of certain impojitim upon beer, ale and other Bquors, for the increafe of his Majejly's revenue during his hfe: or one other aft, intituled. An act for taking away the xaCar.i. court of wards and liveries, and tenutes in capite, by knight s-fer-vice, and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, or in this prefent aft, (hall prefume to farm the laid revenue of his majefty, either direftly or indireftly, by obtaining letters patents to him or themfelves thereof, or any per-Ton or persons whatfoever intrufted for him or them, or to or for his or their ufe, benefit or behoof: (2) nor that any person or persons whatfoever, being a fanner of the said revenue, (hall be any way capable to be nominated a commiftioner for thq regulating his majefty’s said revenue of excife, or exercifing any powers or authonties concerning the fame: (3) but if any person or persons who ftands thus difabled as aforefaid to be nominated a commiftioner, (hall become a farmer, and (hall in either of the said cafes neverthelefs prefume direftly or indireftly to aft as a commiftioner, farmer or fub-commiflioner, to execute the powers and authorities aforefaid, either alone or jointly with other persons that are farmers, or elfe with any others who are not farmers, (hall from and after fuch his aft-ing, lofe the benefit of his (aid farm, and be thenceforth totally for ever disabled to be either farmer of the said revenue, or commiftioner for the regulating thereof, and exercifing the powers aforefafd: (4) and that all and eveiy aft and afts done by The penalty, any commiftioner or commiflioners, or lub-commiftioners, being farmer or fathers, by him or themfelves, or jointly with others who are not farmers, (hall be void in law, and of none effeft; [5) and that all and every person or persons any way molefted or troubled by the command and authority ot fuen commiftioner or commiljioners afting fey him or themfelves, or together with others who are not Tarpiers or commiflioners, may bring his aftion at law for the fajnp in any of his majefty’s courts at fVeflmin/ler, and thereby recover his damages against any fuch commifltoner or commiflioners ; any law or statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

IU.  And that all and every letters patents to be made from aqd after the tenth day of April in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and three, enabling any farmer or farmers of the excife to be commiftioner or commiflioners, or fub-commiflioners, (hall be utterly void ahd of none effeft; any thing in any of the said afts to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.  Apd that if any commiftioner or fub-commiflioner, com- The petmlty miffioners or fufe-compiiffioners, who by colour or virtue of any for giving any' letters patents are*now both comtm$on^$ pf fufe-epmnaiflion- falfc antl wp-

ers

170  Aono  decimo  quinto  CaRoli  II.  cii, 11663.

nipt judgment ers for regulating the said revenue, and likewife farmers of the n>the brewer* foy revenue, (hall give any falfe and corrupt judgment in ad-an>a*e- vancement of the benefit ot his or their said farm, to the brewers damage, contrary to law, he or they (hall forfeit for every fuch judgment fo falfly and corruptly given, double cofts to the party fo injured by the said corrupt and falfe judgment: (2) and in cafe any person (hall unjuftly complain of any judgment of the commiflioners or fub-commiflioners as aforefaid, and fo (hall be found upon his appeal, the said party (hall forfeit double cofts to the laid commiflioners for fuch unjuft vexations, to be recovered by information, bill or plaint, in any court of ' record.

The duty of V. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, gagers in male- That from and after the first day of September in the year of mg entries. our Lord one thoufand fix hundred forty and three, all and every gager or gagers of the excife, who (hall take an account of any beer or ale brewed or made by any common brewer, (hall weekly after fuch common brewer hath made, or ought to have made his entry at the office of exdfe, and not otherwife, make and deliver to fuch common brewer at his houfe, or to feme of his fervants in his behalf, a true copy under his or their hand of fuch return or report as he or they have made thereof to the commiflioners or fub-commiffioners of excife refpe&ively, upon pain to forfeit for every negledl or refufah the fum of forty (hillings.

Fartherprovid.  VI. Provided neverthclefs, That no fuch common brewer

tdfir by i w. or brewers (hall be fued or profecuted for any penalty or for-&M. <cfT. 1. fciture by him or them incurred, for ot by reafon of any mif-c. *4. . 10. entry or ^lort ently^ jjC or thgy {hall within the fpace of one week after the delivery of fuch copy as aforefaid, rectify his or their entry according to the said return, or otherwife difeharge himfelf.

Two (kilful VII. Be it enaded. That from and after the said first day of gagers to be September one thoufand fix hundred fixty-three, and as often as appointed,and {here (hall be occalion, two able artifts (hall be appointed, one oaffi6 an ^cm ^y Majesty’s commiflioners, farmers or fub-com-miflioners, for excife, and the other by the brewers of any city or place, which said artifts (hall take an oath, which oath any one juftice hath hereby power to adminifter, to take and compute the juft contents and gage of all coppers, fats, tuns, backs and coolers, and all other brewing veflels of that nature, belonging to all or any brewer or brewers of beer or ale to fell, and to deliver and give under their hands one copy of the particular contents of all fuch veflels to the aforefaid commiflioners, farmers and fub-commiflioners, and another true copy thereof to each and every fuch refpedtive brewer; which computation by the artifts aforefaid lhall anfwer and be according to the meafures and proportions expreft in the said former afts for excife.

Commiflion- VIII. And be it further enafled, That no commiffioner, en or farmers farmer pr fub-epmmiffioner fpr the excife, prepmmon brewer

1663.I Amo ctecimo quinto Caroli II. c.ir.  171

of ale or beer to fell, or inn-keeper whatfoever, (hall from and not to aft as after the (aid first day of September haye power to aft in or exe- iuftlcc? of the cute as a juftice ot the peace any of the powers, claufes or t^to^ching things contained in any of the laws made for and concerning the excife. the excife, or in this prefent aft; and if any of the said perfon*

(hall prefume to aft or execute any thing contrary hereunto, it is hereby Amber declared, that all fuch things fo afted or exe-* cured by any of them, are and (hall be utterly void and null to all intents and purpofes.

IX.  Jni whereas by the (aid recited abls it is enabled. That, no isCar.s.e.ij. ptrfm jhall be impelled by the commtffioners or fub-commijfiontrs ofU%+.

uuifi to travel for the making of his entries, or payment of the duties of excife, or other caufe what fewer touching or concerning the Market-feme, if he live in a market-town, out of the said town ; and if he towns. live out of a market-town, then to no other place than to the next market-town to bis habitation in the fame county on the market-day, and neverthelefs the eommifaoners end fub-commt]Jioners, or their officers, have not accordingly kept officers in the market-towns in many counties within England and Wales, whereby fuch entries and payments for the duties of excife might be had and made, and yet do take end levy the penalties and forfeitures in the said abis mentioned for non-entry and payment of tie duty, and do otherwife thereupon grieve end vex his Adajefy's fubjebls, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said obis:

X.  Be k therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Officers toat-from and after the said first day of September in the year of our tend in mar-, Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and three, the commiffion- j^hina reefs, fanners or fub-commiffionejrs in each county within Eng- ccipts and du-knd and Walts, fhall conftitute and appoint or depute under ties of exdie. their hands and feaJs, fuch person or perlons as they fhall think

needful in each refpeftive market-town, to be there upon every market-day, in fome known and puhlick place, for the receiving of the (aid entries and duties of excife, and for performing all other matters and things touching the laid duty, according to the (aid afts, and this prefent aft; (2) which said person and perfon* fo conftituted or deputed, and the place where they intend: to. hold or keep fuch office, being on the next market-day after fuch conftifutioa or deputation publifhed in full and open market, fhall attend at fuch office on every mar-ket-day, in fuch market-town, and fhall keep the said office open from nine of the clock in the mpming until twelve of the clock at noon, and from two of the clock , in the afternoon until five of the;clock irv the afternoon: (3) and in cafe fuch office (hall not be fo kept and attended in each market-town re-fjpeftively, the commiffioners, farmers, fub-commiflioners, or other person or persons fo ncglefttng or refufing to do the lame, fhall for every market-day forfeit ten pounds, the one The penalty, half to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other half to him or them that will inform and fue for the fame in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, by aftion of debt, bill, plaipt or information, wherein no efloin, proteftion or wager 6f

law

 v^,ooQle

17*  Anno  dcdmo quinto Caroli II. c.i x. [166$;

law (hall be admitted or allowed; (4) and fuch person as (hall come to fuch market-town to make fuch entry or payment of the duties, and (hall tender the fame according to the (aida&s, and be able to prove fuch tender by the oath of one or more fufficient witnefles, (hall not be liable to any penalty or forfeiture impofed by the said alts, for fuch weekly or monthly entries or payments as (hould have been made or paid on fach market-day; any article, claufe or thing in any or either of the bid alts, or this prefent alt, to the contrary notwithftanding. At whit time  XI. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefiid,

only brewers That from and after the said first day of September, no common Seir<bev.OUt ^>rcwcr °f beer or ale, (hall fell, deliver or carry out any bed or ale to any his cuftomers, either in whole cafk or by the gallon, in any city, town corporate or market-town, before notice given to an officer of excife, but between the hours of the day hereafter mentioned, (that is to fay) from the twenty-fifth day of March to the twenty-ninth day of September yearly, between the hours of three of the clock in the morning and nine of the clock in the evening, and from the nine and twentieth day of September to the five and twentieth day of March yearly, between the hours of five of the clock in tne morning and leven of the clock in the evening; (2) upon pain that every brewer doing contrary hereunto, mall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty (hillings for every barrel of beer or ale that (hall be fo carried out contrary to the true meaning of this alt, to be levied and recovered as in and by this prefent aft is hereafter enalted and appointed.  ,

Mingling of  And  be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid,

ftrong and That if any common brewer, inn-keeper, viltualler or other finall worn. . retailer of beer or ale, (hall at any time after the first day of September, after an account hath been taken by the said gager or gagers of the quantity and quality of the beer, ale or worts, found in his tun and other brewing veflels, convert any part of his small beer, or small worts, fo taken account of, into ftrong beer or ale, by mingling, letting down, or (hiking ovist any fuch ftrong ale or ftrong worts into which or amongft any fuch small beer or small worts, and (hall feU, deliver out or retail the fame, or any part thereof, without giving notice to the fame gager or gagers of the quantity fo mingled and converted as aforefaid; or if any fuch brewer or retailer as aforefaid (hall after the said time nide, conceal or convey any beer, ale or worts not gaged, from the fight or view of the gager or gagers appointed to take account of the fame, whereby the King's roa-jefty, or his commiffioners or farmers (hall or may be defrauded in any manner of wife of the duties due for the feme, or any part thereof, every fuch common brewer, viltualler and retailer, for every barrel of beer or ale -by him or them b mingled, converted, fold, delivered, hid, concealed or conveyed a* way, contrary to the true -intent fcnd meaning hereof, (hall forfeit and lofe tl>e fum of twenty (hillings, to be levied and recovered

 CjOOQle

173

1663.] Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. c.ii.

covered in manner and form as in and by this prefent aft is hereafter ordained and appointed.

XIII.  And be it further declared and enafted, That all and Biewing vef-every the brewing veifels and utenfils for brewing, into whofe and uten-hands foever the fame fhall come, and by what conveyance ?rthc debts and title foever the fame be claimed, fhall be liable and fubjeft un- penalties of to, and are hereby charged with, all and lingular the debts and excite, duties of excife in arrear and owing by any perfbn or perfons

for any beer or ale made within the said brew-houfe, and (hall alfo be fubjeft to all penalties and forfeitures ineprred by fuch perfbn or persons fo ufing the said brew-houfe for any offence against the laws and ftatutes for excife; (a) and that it fhall be lawful in all cafes to levy debts and penalties, and use fuch proceedings against the utenfils therein contained, as it may be lawful to do in cafe the debtor or offender ufing the said utenfils had been truly and really owner and proprietor of the fame.

XIV.  And be it further enafted by authority aforefaid. That Brewers that after the first day of September, no common brewer of beer or brew tor other ale, nor any other person whatfoever, who hath or fhall com- brewers, pound for the duties of excife for beer or ale by him brewed or

to be brewed, (hall during the term of fuch compofition, brew or make, or fuffer tp permit any beer or ale to be brewed or made, within his brewhoufe, for any other common brewer whatfoever, without first giving notice, as well of every particular brewing, as of the quantity and quality of the beer and ale at every fuch brewing intended to be brewed and made, unto the refpeftive commiflloners, formers or fub-commiffioner$ of excife, within the diftrifts of whofe office fuch common brewer doth or fhall inhabit, and forthwith paying down unto the laid refpeftive commiflioners, farmers or fub-commiffion-ers, the full excife of all the laid beer and ale; (2) upon pain that as well the brewer who (hall brew the fame, as the brewer for whom the laid beer or ale fhall be brewed, fhall forfeit and lofe for every barrel the fum of five pounds; the one moiety tp the King’s majefty, and the other moiety to the informer that  '  *

fhall fue for the lame in any court of record.

XV.  And be it further enafted by the authority afore&id, Coffee, choco-That from and after the (aid first day of September, no person or latc» (herbet, persons fhall be permitted to fell or retail any coffee, chocolate,tca# fherbet or tea, without licence first obtained and had by order

of the genera] felfions of the peace in the feveral and relpeftive counties, certificate being first (hewed, that they have given good fecurity for the due payment of their dues to the King, or the chief magiftrate of the place in whofe jurifidiftion he or they do or fhall inhabit or dwell, for the felling or retailing of the fame; (2) nor ihall any licence be granted to any retailer, until fecurity first given by recognizance, or otherwife, for which licence, recognizance and fecurity, twelve pence (hall be given, and no more, for the payment of the excife: and every person or persons felling or retailing any of the said liquors without licence had, and fecurity given as aforefaid, (hall forfeit

Gangers may take no bribes nor reward* to make falfe returns.

Foreign liquors imported to be duly entered, i Vent. 6t.

Anna d&imo quirtfb Caroli II. C. 1i.  [ 1663

suid lofe the fum of five pounds for every month he or the)' (hall continue felling or retailing the fame.

XVI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaki,

That from and after the said first day of September, no brewer or other person whatfoever (hall bribe or corrupt, or give am money, fee, or other reward whatfoever, to any gauger or gaugers, or other officer whatfoever, to make any falfe return or report into the office of exdfe, of any beer, ale or other liquors excifeable, made or brewed, or to be made or brewed, within his or their charge, divifibnor walk, or to forbear or omit the doing or executing of his or their places or Employments, upon penalty of ten pounds for every fuch offence; (2; and that no fwom gauger or gaugers, or other officer whatfoever, (hall £ redly or mdiredly take and receive any bribe, money, fet, gift or other reward, of any brtwer or other perfort whatioeva; for any caiife or matter relating to the excife; upon penalty that every fuch fworn gauger or other officer fo offending, fhall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the fum of ten pounds (3) all and every of which said refpedive offences (hall be proved by the oaths of two lawful and credible *ritnefles before two juftices of the peace or chief magiftrate of the place where fuch offence (hall be committed; which feid juftices or magi-ftratesrefpeflively have hereby power to adminifterthe said oaths, and alfo to examine, adjudge and determine the fame, and to baufe fuch penalties by warrant under their hands and feals to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender's goods, rendrinj to the party the overplus; and for want of fuch diftrefe to commit every liich offender to the common gaol of fuch county or place, there to remain by thefpaceof three months without bill or mainprife.  (  '

XVII.  And for the better levying and coHe&ing the duties of excife upon all foreign or imported liquors; (2} bd it enabled by authority aferrefaid. That no fiach foreign or imported li-ouors (hall be landed or put on fhore out or any Chip or vefe! from beyond the seas, before due entry be first made thereof yrith the officer or colle&or appointed for the excife in the port or place where the fame (hall be imported, or before the dot) of excife due and payable for the feme be folly fattsfied and paid; (3) and that every warrant for the landing or delivering of any fuch foreign liquors (hall be fignedf by the hand of the feid officer or collector of the excife in the faia port or place re-fpeftively; (4) upon pain that all fuch foreign liquors as (ball he landed, put on (hore or delivered contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, or without the prefence of an officer or waiter for the excife, or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited and loft, the one moiety to the King's majefty, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall or will feife, inform or fee for the fame, to be recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof.

XVIII.  And that no person or persons whatfoever bringing any excifeable liquors (except beer, ale, cyder, perry and methe-

,  g1'")

1663.] Anno decimo quintoCAROLi II. c.n.

glin) into any part or place of this realm, by coaft-cocquet, franfire or certificate, nor any person or persons to whom the ; feme or any of them (hall be configned, (llall land or caufe any fuch excifeable liquors (except before excepted) to be landed or put on (hore, without making or caufin* due entry to be made of the fame, with the officer or officers of the excife for the time being appointed to receive and take fuch entries within the port or place where the fame (hall be landed ; upon pain in every fiich cafe as afbrefaid, to forfeit double the value of the fajd liquors landed or put on lhore contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof.

XIX.  Provided alfo, and be it further enafted and ordained Appeals in by authority afbrefaid, That no appeal in any caufe of excife caufesofex-whatfoever (hall be admitted, until the party appellant (hall c“c#

have first depofited and laid down the Angle duty of excife in the hands ot the commiffioners, farmers or fub-commiffioners of excife, within whofe iurifdiftion or divifion the said caufe was originally heard and determined, and have given fecurity to the commiffioners of appeal, or juftice of the peace refpec-tivdy where fuch caufe is to be finally adjudged, for all fuch fijie, forfeiture and penalty as upon fuch hearing and determination was adjudged against him; (2) and that if upon the hearing and determining of any fuch appeal, the said original judgment fhall happen to be reverfed and made null, then and in every fuch cafe, the said commiffioners, farmers or fub-com- • - • * miffioners of excife m whofe hands the said Angle duty of excife was depofited, fhall reftore and deliver back the fame, or as much thereof as fhall be adjudged by the commiffioners of appeals or juftices of the peace refpeftively, to the said appellant, and the party originally profecuting fhall pay him the double cofts : (3) but in cafe the first judgment (hall be affirmed, the party appealing (hall pay the like cofts unto the commiffioner or commiffioners complained of; anything in this aft or in any other aft or statute whatfoever to the contrary thereof contained in any wife notwithftanding.

XX.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Excife upon That all and every person or persons whatfoever, brewing or vinegar-beer, making any beer, whether in a common brew-houfe or other-

wife, for (ale, or to convert into vinegar for fale, (hall pay for * 4 nnac*c* 7*

every barrel of fuch vinegar-beer fo made and brewed, the fe-

veral and refpeftive fums already impofed and fet by ahy the

afts of excife above-mentioned upon vinegar-beer brewed by

any common brewer in any common brew-houfe ; any thing

in the said afts or either of them to the contrary notwithftanding. Colleges and

XXI.  And it is hereby further declared. That every college halls in the and hall in either of the univerfities, which before the duty of univerfities. excife was impofed did brew their own beer and ale within

their own precinfts, and (ize it out to their refpeftive members within their own precinfts only, are not liable to the payment of any duty of excife for the fame, cither by this or arty the fore-mentioned afts.

XXII.  Pro-

 v^»ooQle

•r farmers may take no fees.

this aft.

Row the penalties upon this aft mall

x 7V  Anno dedmo quinto Caroli II. c. i f • f

Coophuntt to XXII. Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That all differences j* 1rtDrow!^  and complaints, that (hall happen and arife betweei

Party and party, in order to the payment of the duty of excife (hall be heard and determined in the proper coanty or in th feveral ridings and diviiions of Torkjbire and Lincolnjbirt, wher they (hall arife, and not elfewhere.

Coramiffioners xXIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid That no fanner, commiffioner, fub-commiffioner or othe officer of excife, (hall direftly or indireftly take or receive any mo ney, fee or reward, for or concerning the taking of any bond, or giving any receipt or note in writing, relating to the excife, to or from any person or persons whatfoever; upon pain that every fuch perlon fo offending (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the lum of ten (hillings.

XXIV.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, matters uponC That t^ie ju^ices °f the peace at any two or more of them, or

~ chief magiftrates, in the feveral counties, cities, divifions and places within England and Woles refpeftively, (hall meet once in every month in their refpeftive divifions, or oftner if there Hull be occafion, to hear, determine and to adjudge all matters and offences against this or the aforefaid afts.

XXV.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That one third part of all fines, penalties and forfeitures not

bed'f fd herein otherwife difpofed, (hall be to the King’s majefty, his and recorded. ^eors arw* fucccflbrs, and one other third part to the poor of the parifh where the offence (hall be committed, and the other third part to him that (hall inform and fue for the fame; (2) and that all fines, penalties and forfeitures, for which no je-inedy is ordained for recovery thereof by this aft, fhall be recovered by aftion of debt, bill plaint or information, in any court of record within fuch county, city or corporation, where the offence (hall be committed, or by fuch other ways and means, and in fuch manner, as by the laid former aft is directed and appointed:

Appeals for XXVI. Provided always, That after the (aid third day of matters in September* no appeal in any matter or caufe of excite within the thenrnits*nd *mmt(hate limits of the chief office of Londm nor within the thereof.  1 inf its of the prefent farm of London^ during the continuance

of fuch farm, (hall be admitted, unlels the lame be brought within two' months next after the first judgment, and notice thereof given or left at the dwelling-houfe of the party or parties ( concerned therein; (2) nor (hall any appeal in any matter or caufe of excife in any other county, city, town or place, be admitted, irnlefs the fame be brought within four months after the first judgment and notice given as aforefaid ; any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

No conunifTio- XXVIL Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby enafled, j jicr or other That no commiffioner, farmer, fub-cotnmiffioncr, or other may aft until perlon imployed or to be imployed in the fanning, colleftingor the oaths \n ” ta^inS accounts for the duty of excife, do after the first day the act of of September next take upon him or them any fuch office, or r» Car. 3.0.33,  proceed

1663.] Anno decinip quint© Caroli II. c.12—15.  177

proceed in execution of any fuch imployment, until, he or they have first taken the paths appointed to be taken by the act of parliament, intituled, A grant of certain impofitions on beer, ale end other liquor}, for the increafe of his Majcflys revenue during his life, before the refpeftive persons appointed in the said aft of parliament, and have entred his certificate for taking the said oaths, with the auditor for excife, under the penalty of fifty pounds for every month he or they (hall fo negleft to take the fame.

CAP. XII.

An explanatory aft for recovery of the arrears of excife.  *

Where any officers of excife are charged with any duties of excife received, and not pardoned by the act of indemnity, the Sureties of fuch persons (hall be deemed anfwerat>le. Where the ednuniffioners have ifTued out any fum-mons which hath been left at the honfe of any of the afbrefwd perfons, the feme (hall be deemed good notice. EXP.

CAP. XIII.

An additional aft for the better ordering and collecting the revenue arifing ij&i^Car.a. by hearth-money. Repealed by i W. & M. left*. i. c. >o*  c.io.

CAP. XIV.

An act for fettling the profits of the poft office, and power .of granting uCar.s.c.^. wine licences, on his royal highnefe the duke of York an&the heirs males uCara.c.ii.. ofhfebody. .EXP.  .

CAP. XV.

An act for encouraging the manufattures of making linen cloth and tapiftry.

WHEREAS vajl quantities of linen cloth, and other fndna- The ineonve-faftures of hemp and flax, and of tapiflry-hangingt, are niencc bv rm-daily imported into this kingdom from foreign patts, to the great de- Ornate-triment and impoverifbment thereof, the monies and quick flock of this rjais Qf linen kingdom being thereby daily greatly exhaufled and diminijbed, and the and tapiftry-pour thereof unemployed, while the materials for the making of fuch hangings. hangings are here more plentiful, and better and cheaper than in those placet from whence they are imported $ and flax and hemp might be had here in great abundance, and very good, if by fitting up the ma-nufaflures of fuch commodities as arc made thereof, it would be taken tjj the hands offuch as fow and plant the fame:  ;  •

II.  For the encouragement therefore of those manufactures, Encourage-be it enafted, and it is hereby enafted, by the King’s mod ex- ment ot ting-cellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords ^c™anu*aC~ fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority thereof, That from and after the first day of Oftober next enfuing, it (hstll and may be lawful for any person or persons whatfoever, native or foreigner, freely and without payrng any acknowledgment, fee or other gratuity for the fame, in any place of England or Wales, privi- « leged or unprivileged, corporate or not corporate, to let up and exercise the trade, occupation or myftery of breaking, bidding or drefling of hemp or flax ; as alfo for making and whitening of thread ; as alfo of fpinning, weaving, making, in the occu-whitening or bleaching of any fort of cloth whatfoever made of pation ofdrcP Vql. VlII,  N  hemp  and  uQn8

 kjOOQle

j

Anno decimo quinto Carolt If. c.i6.  [1663.

of hemp and hemp or flax only: as alfo the trade, occupation or myftery of ***• #  making of twine or nets for fi(hery, or of ftoving of cordage:

U* ** ^ t^lc trac*c» occupation or myftery of making any fort of piitry ang- tapiftry-hangings; any law, statute or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

III. And all foreigners that (hall really and bom fide fet up

Foreigners

mav use those and use any of the trades and manufactures afbrefaid, by the 5™“ and en- fpace. of three years in this kingdom of England, dominion of leges as nata- ^dks^ and town of Berwick upon Tweedy (hall from thence-ral born fub- forth, taking the oaths of allegiance and fupremacy before two je&s.  juftices  of the peace near unto their dwellings, who are hereby

Oath of aUe- authorised to adminifter the fame, enjoy all privileges whatfo-SreMcv cvcr as the natural-born fubjecfts of this Kingdom.

^  **  IV.  And it is hereby ena&ed and declared, That fuch fo-

reigners as fhall exercise any of the tirades afbrefaid by virtue of this act, (hall not at any time be liable to any other or greater taxes, payments or impofitions* than fuch as are or (hall be paid by his Majesty’s natural-born fufajedts, unlefs in cafe they fhall yfe and exercise merchandize into and from foreign parts, in which cafe they (hall be liable to pay fuch cuftoms as hare ufually been paid by aliens during the ipace of five years next enfuing, and no longer.

CAP. XVI.

An aft fir regulating the herring and other fijberies, and fir repeal of the aft concerning madder.

FOR the preventing of abufes in the packing and ordering of herrings, and bringing that commodity into credit in foreign parts beyond the Teas ; (2) be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and the commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the first day of one thoufand fix hundred fixty-four, no white or red herrings of Englifi catching (hall be put to fale in England, Wahy or in How herrings the town of Berwick upon Tweedy but what (hall be packed in (hallbe pack- lawful barrels or vefleh, and which (hall be well, truly and juftly laid and packed $ and (hall be of one time of taking, faking, faving or drying, and equally well packed in the midftand every part of the barrel or veflel, and by a fwom packer; and the veffel or barrel marked or branded by fuch fworn packer, with a mark or brand denoting the gage of the barrel or veffel, and the quantity, quality and condition of the herrings packed Able packers therein, and the town or place where they were packed; (3) to-be appoint- and the bailiffs of Great Yarmouth for the time being, and the •4 and iWorn. mayor, bailiffs, or other head officer for the time being of every port, haven or creek, out of which any veflels or (hips do proceed to fifh for herrings, are hereby authorised and required before the first day of July in the year on* thoufand fix hundred fixty-four* and before the first day of July ir, every year after, to appoint for their refpeftive haven, port or creek, a competent

1663.] Arino dccimo quinto Caroli II. C.16.  179

petent number of able and experienced packers, to view and pack all fuch white or red herrings of Engltjb catching, as lhall be brought into their port, haven or creek, and well and truly to mark and brand the barrels or veflcls m which they (hall be packed, with fuch mark or brand as is above directed, and to adminifter to them yearly an oath, (which oath they are hereby authorized and appointed to give to them) for the well and true doing thereof according to this aft’: (4) and in Penalty for cafe the said bailiffs of Great Yarmouth, or the mayor, bailiffs, or not appoint-other head officer for the'time being of any fuch port, haven or and urear^ creek, (hall not appoint and fwear fuch* packers before fuch ing ** time in every year, as is by this aft required * they (hall for every default forfeit the fom of one hundred pounds of lawful money of England; one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and fuecettots, and the other moiety to him or them that (hall in* forth or fue for the fame in any court of record, by bill, plaint or other aftion, wherein no eiloin, proteftion or wager in law (hall be allowed : (5) and for the better regulating of the Ifland Wcdmonjr and Wtflmony fitheries, and prefervation of the fpawh of fi(h ifland-there-, be it enafted, and h is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the five and twentieth day of Deember one thou (and fix hundred fixty-three, no (hip or vefiel (hall proceed upon a filhing voyage for Ifland and IVeft-mony out of any port, haven or creek in England or Wales, or out of the port of Benviek upon Tweedy until the tenth day of March in any year ; upon the pain of the forfeiture of every fuch (hip or vefiel, with all her furniture, tackle and apparel, and of all the fi(h caught in fuch (hip or vefiel: (6) and it is Newfound* hereby farther enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no land, person or persons whatfoever do coUeft, levy or take, or caufe to be collected, levied or taken, in Newfoundland, any toll or other duty of or for any cod or poor-john, or other fi(h of Englijb catching; under the pain of the lofs of double the value df what (hall be by them levied, collefted or taken, or caufed to be collefted, levied or taken: (7) and that no planter or other person or persons whatfoever, do caft or lay any fdne or otheii net in or near any harbour in Newfoundland, whereby to take the (pawn or young fry of the poor-john, or for any other use or efcs, except for the taking of bak ofily; (8) upon pain of the lofs of all fuch feines or nets, and of the fifti taken in them, or of the value thereof, to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts in Netvfovndfound, or in any court of record in England or Wales, by bill, plaint or other aftion 1 wherein no efibin, proteftion* or wager in law (hall be allowed.  '

II. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforer- None may de-faid, That no planter or other person or persons whatfoever jfroyhpufesur (hall bum, deftroy or (leal any boat, calk, fait, nets, Mother fSrfiihing utenfils for (Uhing or making of oil, or other goods1 or flier- Ncwfouivi-chandize, left in any harbour in Newfoundland at Greenland, land, by EngHfo * or burn, pull down or* deftroy any house built by Englifo ^Newfoundland or Greenland) to five h* during the foh--  N  2  ing-

 LjOOQie

180  Anno decimoquintoCAROLi II. c.17.  [1663.

ing-feafon, or ftage built by them in either of the said places The penalty.* for the laving or ordering of nfh, or making of oil $ (2) upon pain of the lofs of double the value of what (hall be by them ftolen, burnt or deftroycd, to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts in Newfoundland or Greenland refpe&ively, or in any court of record in England, by bill, plaint or other a&ion, wherein no cflibin, prote&ion or wager in law lhall be allowed.

III.  And whereas upon the humble petition and complaint of the merchants and falters of the cits 0/London, it doth appear, That fome forts of madder very ufcful for dying cannot be imported fi pure and clean, as by one aft pajjed the left fijfion of this prefent parliament, (intituled. An act for the importation of madder pure and unmixed) is dire fted and appointed; (2) be it enabled, and it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the said adt, and every £uufe and thing therein contained, be from henceforth utterly Void and repealed to all intents> purpofes and conftrudtions whatsoever.

CAP. XVII.

An act for fettling the draining of the great level of the fens, called Bedford-Level.

WHEREAS certain moors, marjbes, fenny and lowJurrmi^ grounds within the counties of Northampton, Norfolk* Suffolk, Lincoln, Cambridge and Huntington, and the ifit of Ely, were called the Great Level of the Fens ; and after Jeverd fruitlefs undertakings for draining the fame, were upon the ieftrti of many per fins of worth, and intereffid in the fame, declared to bt a great and noble work, and of much concernment to the whole country, and at their earnejl defire undertaken to be drained by Francis late earl of Bedford, according to a law of fewers made at Kings-Lynn in the fixtb year of the reign of the late King Charles of glorims The great level memory \ (2) which faidUvel is bounded, asfoUmetb, (viz.) tafl-of the fens,  ward from the bridge and eawfey of Stoake unto Brandon-Bridge,

how bounded, upon the uplands of Northoid, Methold, Fcltwell, Hockwold and Wilton in the county of Norfolk \ and from Brandon-Bridge unto the end of Worlington-Load upon Milde^hall rivery upon the uplands of Brandon, the low grounds of Wainsford, excluding the fame ; the uplands of Lakingheath, the low grounds of Earfewell, excluding the fame \ and the uplands of Mildenhall /* the county of Suffolk ; jouthward from Worlington-Load unit BurwelLBlock upon the uplands of Frekingham, Illham, Ford-ham, Soham and Wickin, in the county of Cambridge, and excluding the low grounds of Burnell, Landward, and other places lying eaftward from Burwell-Block aforefaid, and from thence unto the mill near Anglifey-Abbey upon the uplands of Burwell-Reach, Swsffham-Pryor, Swaffham-Buibeck and Botfham, in tbecotaty of Cambridge \ and from thence unto the ferry-place of Clayhith upon the uplands called Quyhall, the low ground called Low-1* enn, and the uplands of Horminfey and Claybith in the fiid county, excluding the low grounds called Low-Fenn, and Offennc \ mod firm the fold ferry-plate unto .Over-Load upoft the uplands of Watet-'  .  Beach,

Arepealof the ftatate concerning madder. l^&i+Car.a.

CJO.

 v^»ooQle

xSi

1663.J  Anno decimo quinto CaKoli II. city.

Beach, Cottenham, Rampton, Wivelingham and Ovtf> *in the Jaid county of Cambridge, and upon the low grounds of Swacy th tiefaidcounty, exeluding the fame: wejlward from Erith unto the dam lately made upon the river Neane near Strandground, upon the uplands IjfSomerlham and thefoak thereof \ Warbois,' WiftoW,' Berry, Ramfey, Upwood, Raveley, Wood-Waltori, Sawtrey, Connmgton, Glatten and Holme Caldecot, Denton, Stilton, Yaxley, Faifet WStandground in the county ^Huntington, excluding the Idw grounds lying on the north fide of the river of Owfe above Erith ; andfrom the said dam unto Peterborough-bridge upon the said river of Neane; and from thence unto theferry opiate near WaJdran-Hall upon the uplands of Peterborough and the foak thereof in the county of Northampton : and northward from the said ferry-place near Waldron-Hall unto Crowland-Bridge upon the river of Welland ; and from thence to Dowfedale upon the bank of Great rortfand; and from thence unto Guyhurne upon the foutk-oaf bank ; and from thence unto Tilnehurne upon the bank of the ferny-ground called W alder fea ; and from thence unto Elme Leame at Grangers house upon the bankof the fame-ground called Coldham; and from thence unto the river ofNeane near Thurlings in Upwell upon the bankof Needham, called Bifhops Dike ; and from thence unto Well Creek, at the northweft corner of Walfingham’-Fenne upon tie bank of the grounds in Upwell and Outwell called Play*^ field and Churchfield, excluding the afarefaidfans and gfounds called Walderfea, Coldham, Needham, Playneld and Church-* field; and from thence unto Salters-Load upon the New-Podyko bank ; and from thence unto the mouth of the river Wifley upon the river Owfe, and from thence unto Helgey-Bridge upon the river Wifley, and from thence unto the uplands at the end of the bank of the grounds late of Edmond Skip with efquire, dcceafed> upon the said hanky and from thence unto Stoake-Bridge upon the uplands of Roxham, Deerham, Weereham, Wretton and Stoake, in the said county ^Norfolk; except the imbankedgrounds late of Edmond Skipwith efquirey lying on the north fide of the river Owft: (2} and whereas the fend Francis late earl of Bedford was to have for bis recompense for effecting that difficult toorky only ninetyLfhe thou-fond acres of the said groundsy with convenient highways and pajfages to the fame; and the new river, cutts and drains to be made by the said earl and his affigns, and the banks of the fame, and the forelands in the infede of the said banks not to exceed fixty foot in breadth ; which was a work of fo great and publick concernment, that his said late Majejly gave great encouragement to the said P'rancis late earl of Bedford and others whom he hid tdken in to be adventurers and participants with him therein, upon the covenantSy conditions and agreements contained and fpecified in and by a certain indenture of fourteen partsy bearing date the feven and twentieth day of February in the feventh year of the reign of his said late Majejlyy and his royal ajfurance to further it by his concurrence to an act of parliament for ejlablijhing thereofy and did by letter s patent sunder the great feal of England incorporate the said late early his adventurers and participant j, to have \ fiuceffion forever \ (4) and in order to the effciting thereof\ the feud late

n3

earl

l§a  Annodccimo qainto Caroli II. c.ty. [1663.

earl agd bis  adventurers oni befiowed mat

money far the perfecting the fame ;  after bit death and feme u-

temptuns, William new earl Bedford, fin and heir te the fed earl Francis, with divers ef bis adventurers and colour «/ a pretended all of parliament of the nine and  icy

of May in the year of our Lord one  fix hundred forty ad

fine, proceeded in the compleeting and fim/bing the find soorks; end the  comnuffoners appointed by that pretended Off, did adjudge thi

\ fame drained 3 but the fame cannot be prefirved without a conjlant care, great charge and orderly government, which being prefinted te the King's meft excellent nujgfiy that new is, he tab been gracioujfy pleafed to declare more than an ordinary  N

promote ana countenance a work of ft publitk concernment, and nuy ways advantageous to this his kingdom: to the end therefore that a toed of this nature may receive a pnblick fupport and bueottragement;

The earl of . II. Be it enadted by the King’s raoft excellent majefty, with Bedford and the advice and aflent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, aid copimons, In this parliament aifembled, and by the autbent? ration for tEe ¥fame, That the said William earl of Bedford, Con and her fens.  qtf the find Francis Carl of Bedford, and the adventurers and par-

ticipants of the said earl Francis and earl William, or either of them, their heirs and affign^ in fuch manner at is herein con. tajned, (hall be a body politick and corporate In deed and name, gnd have fuceeffion for ever, by the name of the gurtracr, bjbliff* 'and commonalty of the company of oonfcrvatorsoftte ^fpat level of the fens; (2) which corporation fhall confilef one governor, fix bailiffs, twenty confervators, arid commonalty, andinall have and use a common feal to be appointed by them* felves, and aflemble and meet together when, where, andn oft as they pleafe, and appoint a regifter, receiver, one or am ferjeaats at-mace and other officers, and allow them Maries, The earl of *nd remove them, and make new at their plcafiare 3 (3) and the Bedford go- buck William earl of Bedford is to be the first governor 3 Rkberi vernor. lord Gorges,Sir Richer a Onflow,lent Sir William Ttrringham, ha.

of the  Bath, Samuel Sandyt,Thomas Chitbely and Samuel

The bailies, enquires, the fix first bailiffs; Sir  Gerhard,  junior,  bit.

William Denton, William Crane, Edmend-Berry Godfrey, drtkr Evelin, Samuel Smith, Roger Jtningt, Robert , Robert Hoop-fin, Jofipb Aybffe, efquires, Thomas lord Culpepper, firJMa fieweft,baronet, fibber Onflow, Robert Philips, Anthony St. jit, efquires, Sir Oliver St. John, Sir Charles  knights,  Fmcis

Hthiyn, Samuel Sandys, junior, and Robert  efquiits,

Coafervaters. the first confervators: (4) and the said governor, bailiffi and confervators to continue until Wednefday in Whitfim week in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and four, and from thenceforth until new elections by the raid corporation, or the major part which (hall be then prefent 3 and fhall bo capable to fue and be fued, and without licence of mortmain w purtfhafe manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, note*. Their power «eding two hundred pounds per annum, and goods and chattels, and authority, and tq difppfe thereof in the name and to the use of the laid

cor-

 boodle

2

i 6(j.] Awo decimo qvjinto Caroli II c.xy?  183

corporation} (5) and the said governor, bailiffs and conferva-tors, or any .five or more of them, whereof the said governor or bailiffs, or any of them, to be two. Avail and may lay taxes from tiine to time upon all the said ninety-five thousand acres only, for fupport, maintenance and prelcrvation of the said .great level, and levy the fame, with penalties for nonpayment, not exceeding a third part of the tax, and all other things do in order to the fupport, maintenance and prefcrvation of the laid seat ievel, and works made and to be made.

III. And whereas by-the faid  law of /invert, twelve acres,

parcel tf the feud ninety-five' tboufand s, was defigned and intended to bis J'aid late Afyefiy, and were fit forth and allotted by Attends in feveralty, and bit said late Majefiy tins in  thereof,

and  granted,afigned, allotted and fit out by bounds two tboufand acres,

parcel of the said twelve tboofand  acres, by Utters patents unto Jerome

earl of Portland,  bitheirs and affigns; of which feud two tboufand Kartof Port-

pares the Jdid earl tf Portland hath fold away about one tboofand land ,h* five hundred acres infev&al parcels  tt-.fev per font, their beirt

andaffigns, for valuable cfnffderations, and she  thereof  being

about five hundred acres,.both granted. a> conveyed unto his brother Benjamin Weft an,  fqSdnd bis heirs, upon feveral,  agreed

upon between the said Aarl of Portland and Benjamin Weftoo by writing for that purpofe

IV,Be it therefore-.ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That the said two tboufand acres, or inch other lands, of equal value as Avail be let forth in exchange pf the fame, in cafe the aforementioned two thpi&nd acres, or any part thereof Avail herereafter be adjudged to have been unduly fet out. Avail be and hereby are veited, fettled and eftablifivcd in the laid feveral and refpeoive periboq,: to whom the said earl of Portland hath Jo-conveyed or mentioned to convey the fame, their heirs and afitoos rofpedUyely, to each perfon, his heirs and afTigns, his and (heir fevoral.aftd refpedhve Avars and flvares that was fo jefpedtively to each < of .them, conveyed or mentioned to he conveyed by tbejatd earl of Portland, to be lveld and enjoyed by them and each of them,. bis heirs and affigas, his and their own (hare and part only in feveralty, according to the intent of the said conveyances thereof to them refpe&ivply made by the said earl .of Portland, upon the fame truAs neverthelefc for and concerning the said five hundred acres granted or mentioned to be granted to the said Benjamin Woden, which the- said earl of Portland and Benjamin Wejlon had. declared and agreed upon between them as aforefaid\yhich /aid two tboufand acres Avail be holdea of the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucccffors, of the manor of  Eafi*Greeuwubbyfealtyonly in free and com-

mon focage and not otherwise, and fubjedl nevertheless with the pefidue of the ninety-five tboufand acres in equal proportion to all taxes and charges neeeflary and conducing to the preservation of the laid great level from drowning,o

y. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefsid. That The ihe eighty-three tboufand acres remainder of the said ninety- “"d”v«ted in five thpu&nd acres, with the said ways, pafiages, new rivers, the governor

N 4  cuts,

-'Anno decimo quinto Carol* ft.c.17.  [i66|

In truft.

Th^iodoo acres belonging to the

*uts,; drains, banks and forelands, over and above the laid t« thoufand acres, refidue of the said twelve thoufand acres whid were “allotted in feveratfy, and of which his laid late Maje was in poffeflion, as afoVefaid, are hereby vefted and fettled i the laid governor, bailiffs and commonalty of the company i confervators of the laid great level of the fens, and their fia ceffors: in truft rieverihelefs for the said William earl of Bedfor arid the adventurers and participants of rhe said earl Francis tx earl William, or either of them, their heirs and afligns, in fin mariner and wife as is herein after more particularly and specially limited and -provided; and according to fuch parts att|] proportions as they refpcdtfvely now hok! and enjoy, or w virtue and provifion of this a6t ought to hold and enjoy, fiibje| rand liable likewife to the payment of all taxes and charges* aforefaid, to be Holden of the Kmg?s majefty, his heirs and-foi ceffors, of the manor of Eajl-Greemvich^ by fealty only in fat and Common focage, and not otherwife: (2) and the said tea thoufand acres, refidue of the said twelve thoufand acres {where, of his said late majelty was in polfelTion as aforefaid) are hereby vefted and fettled in his majefty that now is, and his affigns,

’ fubjedt and liable with the refidue of the said nmety-five thoufand acres to the fame taxes and charges before fpecified 2(3) anibuask thefad great level of the fens extends into thefaid/ix counties bejm the ijk of Ely, and forafmucb as commiffloners of fewers cannot fad-fy proceed in execution of their eommijjion^ hut by a fevered jury tj every county to enquire of the matters wit bin their commifjm in that countyi which bath heretofore enforced the said earU bis participate, and adventurers, commijfioners and counties, to very great truth. The authority lofs and expence both of money and time: (4) for avoiding which ft-pf the said conveniences, it is hereby further eni&ed'by the authority afore-corporation as That the said governor, bailiffs and* confervators of the p?fei!Jerf?nCrS corporation for the time beirig, or any five or more of them, whereof the said governor or bailiffs tor the time bong, or <their fucceflors, or any of them, to* be ^wo, for main-tenUhCfc arid prefervation of the said great level by convenient - outfals to the fea, (hall for severe hereafter fee and are hereby iriade; and conftituted commiflibners of‘fewers, for and of the said great level of the fens: (5) and the said governor, bailiffs and confervators, or any five or more of them, whereof the said governor or bailiffs, and their fucceflors, or any of them, to be two, are hereby enabled and impowered from henceforth to use and exercise the power and authority of cotn-miflioners of fewers within the said great level of the fens, .and of the works made or to be made without the said great level for conveying of the waters of the said great level by coin*, nient outfals to the fea, touching all matters and things what-foever happening to be executed or done within the said grot Jevel, or the said works without the said great level, enquirable, punifhable, or to be done, by commiflioners of fewers, aad therein to a<ft arid proceed by one or more juries of good and Jywful men, inhabiting within any part or place within the */  -  '  ■  t  boundaries

I€63.]  Anno decimo qulnto Caroli II. c. 17.  185

boundaries of the, (aid great level of the fens, though in feveral * counties, as if the said great level of the fens lay within one of the (aid counties only; (6) arid (hall have power to imploy the said feijeants, or any of them for the time being, by warrant or precept from the said governor, bailiffs and confervators, and their fuccefibrs, or any five or more of them, whereof the said governor or bailiffs, or any of them/to be two, under the common leal of the said corporation, to fummon and return juries within the boundaries of any part of the said great level, and execute all precepts and procefs from them, from time to time,1 and all other things do* as fully as any (heriff within his ref-peflive county may or can do by warrantor precept from com-miffioners of (ewers ; (7) which'juries are^to appear1 arthetimes and places fet or appointed for them to appear before the said governor, bailiffs and confervators, arid their fuccefibrs, or any five or more of them, whereof the frid governor'and bailiffs, arid their fuccefibrs or any of them/ to be two ; and are hereby impowered to enquire of, prefent and try all matters within the (aid great level, and of and concerning the laid works made or to be made without the said great level, for conveying of the waters of the said great level by convenient/outfals to die fea; within the power of commifflonfets* of fewer*, if* the feme lay within any one of the said counties,'oral’ifthe&idgrat level wdre one diftin& county of itfelf: (8) and the said governor, bailiffs and confervators, or any five or more o<f them, whereof the said governor or bailiffs, or any of them to be two;

(hall have further power, as well for the maintenance of the faid

greet level, as for laying and levying of taxes upon the laid

ninety-five thotifind acres, t6 u(e and exercise within the faid

great level fuch and the like laws and cuftofns, and conftitutc

and appoint fuch arid the like officers from time to time, as are

or lawfully may be ufed in Rumfiy-mzrih in the county of Kenti

they who ertercife the said power of commifiioners of fewers, By *0 Car. *-

frft taking the oath which commifiioners of fewers are by the c- 8* f*

law to take j the which oath the said governor arid bailiffs, tfb^^aJuai

or-any of them, are hereby impowered to adminifter from time acre-tax.

to time without any further commiffion.  '  .  ■

VI.  And becaufe the metes and boundaries of the said grdtinds The metes and within the said great levels as to ' the counties and fari/bes, are very boundaries of uncertain and hard to be di/iin^uijhedy(a|be it therefore; further ground** enabled, That every writ, bill, plaint/ count, declaration, in^ formation, pTefentment and indi&rtient/ of, for or concerning the said grounds within /the faid:£reatievel ofthe fens, or any part or parcel of the fame, "or any trefpafs, offente or wrong done, atted or committed within (he.faid great level, and proceedings thereupon, (hall bc‘good and Efficient in law, though the county, parifb, town or place; or r any of them,* in facta wrtr, bill, plaint, count, declarationy mfbrraaticwis prefentment W-indi^ment, Obe>"not rightly named, fo as 1 here be Juch other certainty, or defeription of the placejwhcreby the fifing Brt^r jnay fct commonly known,

VII. And

xt6

No other com-miflioner* of fewersto meddle in the (aid level.

Conveyances by indenture entred with the regift er.

Levying of taxes and penalties.

Anno decitno quin to Caroli IL 0.17.  [1663.

VII.  And be k further enaded, That no other ebnamiflioaers of fcwers (hall intermeddle within the said great level, or with any the works nude or to be made for fupport, maintenance or prefervation of the Aid great level, within or without the laid great level as aforefaid, otherwiie than hereafter in this addull be provided.

VIII.  And be it further ena&ed, That all conveyances by indenture of the laid ninety-five thou land acres, or any part thereof, entered with the laid regifter, in a book to be kept for that purpofe, fhall be of equal force to convey the freehold and inheritance of the laid ninety-five thoufond acres, or any pan thereof, as if the lame conveyances by indenture were for ra. huble confiderations of money, inrolled within fix months in one of the King’s courts of record at Wiftmhfttr (2) and no leafe, grant or conveyance of or charge out of or upon the hid ninety-five thoufond acres, or any part thereof, except leaks for ieven years or under in polleflion, lhall be of force but from the time it (bail be entred with the foid regifter as aforefaid 5

(3)  the entry wherepf being indorfed by the foid regifter upoa fuch leafe, grant, conveyance or charge,' lhall be as good and effectual in the law, as if the original book of entries were pro* duced at any trial at law or otherwiie.

IX.  And be it further cnaded, That the foid governor, bailiffs and commonalty, lhall execute eftscee according to the aforefaid truft under their common leal, the taxes and peaaltks then in arrear being first paid, winch for non-payment an by virtue of this a61 to be levied by fak of the lands.

: X. And be it further enaded, That for the levying foch taxes pad penalties as are now in arrear, or at any time fince the thirtieth day of Stpttmbtr in the year of onr Lord ope thoufond fix hundred fifty and eight (other than fucb as are hereby other-wife dtrefbed to be levied) or which IhaU be let and impaled upon the find ninety-five thoufond acres by virtue of this aft, and lhall be in arrear upon the relpeftive pasts and proportions of the foid ninety^ftve thoufond acres i (2) the foid governor, batUffh and conforvators of the foid corporation, and their foe-ceflors for the time being, or any five or more of them, when-df foe said governor and bailiffs. for the time being, and their foceeflors, or any of them, to be two, for kvying fuch taxes and penalties which now are or (hall be (b in arrear, upon the refpe&ve parts and proportions of the said ninety-five thoufond acres, lhall on Wtintfiaf ttA Tbwrfday in Wbitfim-vutely or either of them, every year at foe (hire-houfe in Efy aforefaid, in the foid ifle of Ely, have power only to fdl fo much of fuch puts and proportions of the said ninety-five thoufond acres, upoa which , any tax lhall be in arrear, or penalties, in fuch proportion as the foid governor, bailiffs and confervators of the foid corporation, or their iucceflbra, or any five or more of them, whereof the foid governor and bailiffs, or any of them, to bt two, ffuU judge to be fufiictcnt to raife foch taxes and penalties*

1663.] Apiw dcdino^«rtmp Cajiou Ifr e.^7*  r&7

by any writing wnder-thefead of the/aid corporation; and the person or perfon* to whom fuch fales frail be made,-(hall k^e a, lawful purohafer and aJfignfttof fo mochas frail, bf .fold,to all 1  -

iatents andpwpofos-vfhatfoever. .  ,iiW „ ;

XI.  Provided, That by- any colow of any folf fpF,npnpay-provifofor tw-meat of taxes, any tenant or tenam^at wfr,9ffryfoafc,iu-\.nants« will dented, «pon improved rent of-any part of th*rfr^ i«0«ty-$vo,or byleafe** thousand acres, frail not be removed from- bisior their nofr feffioo, untH bo Of they frail haw (token fos or §h«fr Stop fcm off the prend/Tes fo fold»payfrg reafonablc rent propopionabfo, to the ftrae thatrAntb peifeffton (half Own-and offer (uch foie* be continued) endfrehitonant pr tenants a* QmfrMd-any wrt, of the (aid amoty^five tbw&ftd stfrp* byfrafe putaforef£d , frail and may* if. :hc .or they frill think • meet, continue put their refpe&ive terms, paying their rent to fuch purchafer in proportion to the quantity: of forputoMed i any thing herein .. cpntaiaed to the commry .iffcim^iv>ifo mptwithfoiAding: (a) provided. That she said corporation, :nor their (Wqeflors, (hall net feH any pert orproportw.of the laid ninety-five thoufand • acres for any. tan or penalty in ainwr* which tan or penalties (hall > not be in arrear by thefpaoe offopv months next before the file, nor any mpre lands than only for theraifiog of foch taxes and penalties.  n  i

XIL Provided alfo, That the foid oarpooetion (hall givePublick notice puUidc notice from time to time of the parte and proportions 5° p.ve° <* of the foid; ninetvoSw thoufend acre* for which any t»x “^ha^ncartrf penalties is or (haH bcinarcesr, by affixing openly at theWxe$ or j*. lbitt-hoiufc -or market-place in £fr aforefidd, a fchcdule innaitie*. parchment tinder the fold of the said corporation;, containing: fuch parts and proportions of the (aid ninety-five thou (and acres for which any tax or penalty is or (ball he In arrow, with the. name and names of the nefpective owner or owners, entredi upon the tax-rod with the fotd corporation, of the fatd parts ' and proportions of the foid ninety-five thoufond acres fo in-anew.  ......

XIII.  And be it further ena&ed, That the foid corperatien-New werii* (hall and may from time to time erefl any new works withk*il*ap bwnade. the hid great level, or without the foid great level, for conveying: the waters of the (aid great level by convenient- outfids to the; fea; fo always, that if they cut any fbveral grounds, they give, foil recompence and fotisfootibn for the fotoe, in fuch -manner, as (hall be hereafter in this aft provided: (2) and if any person The or persons (ball cat, throw down or defray any of. the foid tor thieving work*, made or to be madeataforefoid, the parties offending-down any (ball anfwtr tnebto-datneges to the-faid corporation^ and cofts worlcs-of fuit, to he recovered in an l&ton nf trelpaf*, to be brought by the £aM corporation in any .of his msjefty’s courts, of record: -

(3)  and if fuch cutting, throwing down or defraying,.(hall b*> tpalidoufly done, the fame (hail be ptmifhad as for the cutting the Pmdpe'mJIdarib-Lani.

. XIV. And

 boogie

governor, 1 lifts and cojv-(enrators.

iSS1  Anno  decimo quinto Caroli II. c.17.  [1663.

The oath to be 'XIV. And be it further enafted. That the feid  tail

taken by the of Bedford, nominated to be governor, and every other from governor, - tjJhe to tjme jnt0 that office chofen, (hall (before he take upon him or them the exercise of that office) take an oath. That he will well and truly execute that office in all things; the which oath fhall and may be adminiftred by the said bailiffs, or my one of them: (2) and the said bailiffs, confervators, re-gifter, receiver wr other officer nominated as afbrefaid, and every Other from time to time into any of the refjoftftive offices to be Chofen, (hall (before he or they take upon him or them the ex-ertife of the said refpeftive offices) take the like oath for thetrue executing their refpeftive offices; the which oath fhall be adminiftred by the said governor; bailiffs and confervators, or any two or mate of thetas, without any >commiffion or farther warrant.  ;

XV. And for the continuance of the said corporation infix-

The governor, baiiittsand confervators ■to be elected yearly.

Ceffioh for ever, be it furthtrenafted, That the said governor, bailiffs, confervators and ■ Commonalty, upon iVtdntfioj in ff'hitfurv-tvtfk yearly, (half at a 'pttblicfe meeting to be holden for the said 'corporation, by the' greater number then prelent, (whereof the feid: governor, or one of the bailiffs, to be one) deft artew-governor, bailiffs arid confervators refpeftively:

(2)  Provided, That none be capable to be or continue gover-nor or bailiffs, that hath not tout hundred acres -or more of the faid' ninety-five' thoufand acres, nor to be »' oonfervator that hath Hot two hundred acres or more>of thefaid: ninety-five thoiifand acres, nor any of the commonalty to: have a voice in ■■ eteftions, that hath not one hundred aicres or more of the laid ninety-five1 thoufand acres a (3) and that the find governor, bailiffs and confervators. Or'any of them, fhall and may be removed by the-faid governor, bailiffs and confervators, and commonalty, or the greater number ed them prefent at their pub-lick meetings, whereof the said governor, or one of the bailiffs, to be one, and new chofen ip the: place of him os them fo dead Accounts to or removed: (4) and the said governor, bailiffs and combe ntadaty monalty alfo fhall have further power to -have, demand and all oficen and receive an account from all and every the officers, agents and ployed.1”* fervants, their executors and adminiftrators, heretofore im-v y * ployed, or hereafter to be imployed, for the receiving and paving of money, for or in relation to the carrying on of the works Of the draimng of the said great level, and (nail and mayliie - ,• for and recover the fame; (5) and that all arrears of rental-:  ready incurred upon or oat of any part of the laid ninety-five

thoufand acres upon any contra# or leafe.of the iaid premifo, or any- part or parcel thereof, (hall be received and recovered, as if the said pretended aft had been a good and effectual ad: In fuitsagainft (<>) and if any fuitbe commenced agamft the said corporation, any imployed or any psrfon, for any matter or thing done in purfuanre of by this aft,the this aft ; then he or they (hall or may plead the general ifibe, defendant may jy yj g^vc the fpecial matter in evidence upon any trial to be

1  ■  bad

663.] ,-Anno decimoquinto Caroli II. c- 17.  189

tad touching the feme, which (hall be as good and efFe&ual  *be ge-

n law, as if the fame had been fpecially pleaded, and the ncnl1 lffue* ury upon the trial to give a verdi<5l accordingly.

XVI.  Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Land# of per-hority aforefaid. That as touching and concerning fuch part fo“s attainted, nd parcel of the said eighty-three thoufand acres, whereof any derthem veftl ►erfon or persons attainted, or that (hall be attainted, was or ed in the King, vere in pofleflion at any time fince the nine and twentieth day >f May in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred forty nd nine, under pretended (ale* thereof refpedtively made by olour of the said pretended a<5t, or under any other tide or mended tide whatfoever; the King’s mod excellent maiefty, us heirs, fucceflbrs and affigns, (hall have the fame and like benefit, advantage, and intereft, in all and evqy the said parts ind parcels of the (aid eighty-three thoufand acres, and no other han as the said persons fo attainted, or which (hall be attainted,

:ould or ought to have by virtue of this adfc, in cafe they had lot been fo attainted, or (nail not be attainted. (2) And where-is the Jbares, lots, parts and proportions of and in the said hinety-Sve thoufand acres, which in pursuance of the said indenture of fourteen parts, and by virtue or intention of the said aft and law of fewers made at Lyn, do belong and appertain to the said Samuel Sandys the elder, or his trufteee, Sir William Terringham, STr Richard Onflow, and other the affignees and trujlees of Hei)ry late tarl of Arundel and Surrey deceafed, Arthur earl of Angfefey,

Thomas lord Culpepper, Robert Philips, Robert &cawen, and to divers other persons the participants of the said earl Francis, and parties to the said indenture, or their refpeliive heirs, executors, ad-minijlrators or affigns, are now pojftjjed and enjoyed by divers per-fons, who took, controlled for, or accepted of \ or by fuch who claim and derive their intereft and title from and under Jucn persons as did take, contrail for, or accept of pretended eftates or conveyances of the fame, made or pretended to be made by certain persons mentioned in and by the said pretended alf of the nine and twentieth day of May one thoufand fix hundred forty-nine, to have authority to Jell the jbares, lots, parts and proportions of fuch of the adventurers and participitants of the said earl Francis, and of their refpeliive heirs and affigns, as fhouli refufe or make default of payment of J'ucb taxes as should by colour and in purfuance of the said pretended all be imposed upon them refpellively,in refpell of their Jbares and lo7$, in or / cut of the Jaid ninety-five thoufand acres;

XVII.  Be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That the said governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the said company of confervators of the said great level of the fens, and their fucceffors, (hall actually (land feifed and pofleffed of all and every the (hares, lots, parts and proportions lad mentioned, in truft neverthelefs to and for the use and behoof of the said Samuel Sandy s the elder, or his truftees in truft for him. Sir JViiliam Terringham, Sir Richard Onflow and others of the said affignees and Uuftees of Henry late earl of. Arundel and Surrey deceafed.

 L,ooQle

19*  Anno  decimo quintq CAROLI ll. C.17.  [1663*

Arthur carl of Anglefiy, Thomas lord Culpepper, Robert Philips, Robert Scawen, and of their refpe&ive heirs and hfligns, and to and for the refpe&ive ufcs and behoofs of the laid other perfons, the participants of the laid earl Francis, and parties to the laid indenture of fourteen parts, and of their refpe&ive heirs and afligrts, now out of potteflion of their refpedfive (hares, lots, parts and proportions of the said ninety-five thoufand acres, as heretofore in or about the month of October in the thirteenth year of the reign of the late King Charles, of ever blefied memory, were rtfpe&iveiy allotted, fevered, fet forth or divided for or as the refpe&ive (hares, lots, parts and proportions of fuch of the adventurers, the participants of the said earl Francis, and the parties to the said indenture of fourteen parts, their re-fpe&ive heirs, executors, adminiArators and affigns, from and under whom the (aid Samuel Sandys the elder or his truftees, Sir Wihiam Terringham, Sir Richard Onflow and others the aflignees and truftees of Henry late earl of Arundel and Surrey deceafcd, Arthur earl of Angle fey, Thomas lord Culpepper, Robert Philips, Robert Scaiven, and the said other persons the participants of the said earl Francis, and their refpedHve heirs, executors, admini-ftrators and afligns, now out of pofleflion of their refpcdtive (hares, lots, parts and proportions, do refpeltively claim and derive their said (hares, lots, parts, proportions; and the (aid governor, bailiffs and Commonalty of the'company of conservators are hereby authorized and required to execute refpcdfcve . cftates of the said (hares, lots, parts and proportions accordingly, fubje<5t and liable neverthelefs with the refidue of the said ninety-five thoufand acres, in equal proportion, to all taxes and charges to be laid and impofed by virtue of this act for prefer-vation of the said great level from drowning : (2) And whereas the persons now in pofieffton of the said loft mentioned filares, lots, parts and proportions of the said ninety-five thoufand acres, whereof pretended eftates and conveyances were taken, controlled for or accepted of as aforejaid, do pretend that they or tbofe under whom they do re-fpeflivdy claim and derive their right, title or prettnfims to the Jdid fares, lots, parts and proportions refpeflively, have laid oset anidifi burfed for taxes for and towai'is the maintenance, prefervaiion and repair of the works of the said great level heretofore ere fled by the said earl Francis and his participants, and for and towards their ereflion of new and necejfary works for the better and more effeflood draining of the said great level, and for building upon the said Jhares, lots, parts and proportions, more monies than the clear rents, ifiius and profits of the Jaid fares, lots, parts and proportions have amounted to fence the said refpeflive pretended eftates and conveyances were firjl taken, controlled for or accepted as afotefaid:

JhPcJ}*«nu- XVIII. Be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, King** bench anc*lt IS ^crc^y enabled, That the cnief juftice of the court ef and other* King's bench, the chief juftice of the courr of common pleas, made a judi- the chief baron of the court of exchequer, artd the juftices of cature to hear the said ooiut of common pleas for the time being, or aaytwo

or

166^-3 Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. c. i 7.  191

or more of them, are hereby conftituted, appointed and eredled and determine a judicature or commiflioners to hear, order, judge, decree and 'differences, determine upon bills and anfwers to be exhibited, or otherwife as they (hall think fit, between the said persons who are now in the pofleifion of the said refpe&ive (hare*, lots, parts and proportions, and thefefpeltive heirs and afligns of the (aid per* fans now in poflefliOnas aforefaid5 and the (aid Sir RichardQnjlow and other the (aid affignees and truftees of the said Henry late earl of Arundel and Surrey deceafed, Arthur earl of Anglefey,

Thomas lord Culpepper, the (aid Samuel Sandys the elder, or Ids truftees. Sir WtUiam Terringbam, Robert Philips, Robert Scawen, and the (aid other persons participants of the said earl Francis, and their refoedtive heirs and afligns, who are now out of the * pofleffion of the said (hares, lots, parts and proportions re-fpe&ively, and to whom refpedtive eftates are by virtue of this ad to be executed of the fame as aforefaid : (2) And the said judicature or commiflioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorifed out of the said (hares, lots, parts and proportions, to order, adjudge, decree and determine to either of the said parties refpedively, fuch recompence and allowance as they the said judicature or commifliohers, or any two or more of them (hall fee caufe: (3) And for the better enabling the said judicature or commiflioners to proceed to the hearing, ordering, adjudging, decreeing and determining, and for putting in due and fpeedy execution fuch order, judgment, decree and determination, as they or any two or more of them (hall make between the said parties;

XIX.  It is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid. The power That they the said judicature or commiflioners, or any two or

more of them, (hall have fuch and the like power and autho-  JU-

rity as the high court of chancery hath in cafes before the faid

court depending, and for putting in execution the decrees of

die laid court: (2) And to the end that the (aid judicature may

be the better enabled to judge of the rights and pretenfions of

either party.

XX.  Be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That Direftlon* for ih every decree or determination which they mall make by vir- th*,r dccre** toe and In purfuance of this a<ft, they (hall have regard to the Procce fam and fums of money actually dilburfed and expended by

either party in the works of draining the (aid great level, and in the preservation and reparation of the fame; and alfo to the refpeftive times of fuch difourfements and expence, defalking thereout fiich fum and fums of money as have been received by either party, their tenants or afligns, for the rents, iflues and profits of the fame, and abating out of the intereft of the money difburfcd by either party fo much as the intereft of the money received oyfuch party for the rents, iflues and profits of the fame, dotn amount unto. (2) And to the intent that the persons who by the true intent and meaning of this a<5i are te be put into pofleflion of any part of the said eighty-three

4  thoufand-

igt  Anno  dedma  quinto Caroli II. c.17.  [1663.

thoufand acres, may not by undue delays or by any other means or uretenfions be kept out of the poffeflion of the fame ;

XXI.  Be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That at any time or times after the expiration of fix months after the pafllng of this a6t, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid Samuel Sandys the elder, and his truftees for him, Sir Richard Onflow and others the aflignees and truftees of Henry late earl of Arundel and Surrey deceafed, Arthur earl of Anglefey, Thomas lord Culpepper, Sir William Terringhamy Robert Philips and Robert Seawehy their and every of their refpe<5tive heirs and afligns, and to and for the participants of the (aid earl Francis, parties to the said indenture of fourteen parts, their and every of their . i,efpe<5tive heirs and afligns, whofe lands, (hares, lots, parts and proportions of and in the said ninety-five thoufand acres, were fold or pretended to be fold for non-payment of taxes by virtue of the said pretended a<5l of the nin^ and twentieth day of May in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred forty and nine, to bring their refpedlive adtion or adlions of trefpafs, or tref-pafs and ejedlment, in his Majesty’s court of King’s bench or court of common pleas at IVeflminJier, against any person or per-fons whatfoever, poflefling, with-holding or occupying the fame* although the said governor, bailiffs and confervators, or fo many and fuch of them as are thereunto authorized by this prefent a<51, have not or (hall not execute eftates purfuant to this prefent a<5t, to fuch person or persons hereby enabled to bring fuch action or actions, and fuch person or persons (hall recover fuch lands, (hares, lots, parts and proportions of the said ninety-five thoufand acres, as they refpedlively (hall make and derive title and claim unto, as participants of the said Francis earl of Bedford, parties to the said indenture of fourteen parts, or as the refpeftive heirs or afligns of the said refpedtive participants, parties to the said indenture of fourteen parts, as if the said governor, bailiffs and confervators had duly executed refpedtive eftates of fuch refpedtive lands, (hares, lots, parts and proportions of the said ninety-five thoufand acres, according to the true , %  intent and meaning of this act: And fuch person or perfons,

his and their refpedtive heirs and afligns, mall have and hold the fame lands, mares, lots, parts and proportions, as fully and 1 effectually as If the said governor, bailiffs and confervators had executed refpeftive eftates thereof, fubiedt neverthelefs to fuch decree as the said judicature or commiflioners before nominated and appointed (hkll make touching or concerning the premifles, and alio fifbjeCt to the payment of all taxes to be laid and im-400*1 in ir- £°fed by virtue of this act, and no other. (2) And whereas there rear for taxes, Hre feveral fums\ of money' amounting to four thoufand pounds or upon whom to thereabouts% in arrear for taxes laid and impofed flnee the nine and be laid. twentieth day ^September in the year of our Lord one thoufandfix hundred'fifty and eighty upon feveral parts of the said ninety-five thoufand acres, fubjefied by this aft to the judicature aforefaif and for penalties incurred for non-payment of the fame% by virtue or colour of feme aft or-authority of pretended 'aft dr authority y

XXII.  Be

 t^ooQle

1663.]  Anno dedroo quintoCAROLl II. c. 17.  193

XXII.  Be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the (aid commifiioners or judicatory, or any two of them aforefaid, (hall have power and authority, and are hereby required, in fuch adjudication as they (hall make touching the lands fab-jedfced to their judicature as aforefaid, to diredt, order and decree, upon what persons or lands the said fams of money (o in arrear for taxes and penalties as aforefaid, (hall be charged, and the said taxes and penalties (hall be accordingly levied upon fuch persons or lands, and in fach manner, and Dy fuch wayi and means, as (hall be directed, ordered and decreed by the judicature aforefaid, or any two of them, and as if fuch direction, order and decree had keen particularly hereby enabled.

XXIII.  And whereas particular persons and pari/hes do eonceive Complaints by and alledge. That the dreining of one place hath drowned and made

worje the lands in other places: (2) And whereas divers persons like- riflies* ^ wife do alledge and complain, That the said ninety-five thoufand acres in many places are not indifferently fet out or allotted according to the law made at Lyn in the fixthytar of the late King Charles, nor oc* cording to agreement made with the\ country; but in many places greater quantities have been taken from the owners, commoners and town/bips than ought to have been; and that fame lands have been taken as belonging to one parijb and county, which in truth did belong to another; and in many places the allotments have been taken very inconvenient for the town/bips, which ought not to have been by the said agreement: And whereas the dreining aforefaid and future maintenance of the said great level ought to be without prejudice to navi* gation: (3) And btcaufe all complaints which have been made, and all prejudices which have been or /ball be done to particular perfons* pari/bes and places, cannot by this at7 be fufficiently provided for and vemedied.

XXIV.  Be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid That Cowmiffion-Sir John Tracy knight. Six Charles Mordant, Sir Nicholas Leftrange, ef# ^orhextmg baronets. Sir William Hovel knight, Edward Pepis, Humphry *| *in^, Beddingfield, Nicholas Stileman, efquires, for the county of Nor- differences. folk i (2) Sir Nicholas Bacon knight of the Bath, Sir Lionel Toli-

rnacb baronet. Sir John Duncombe knight. Sir Edmond Pooley knight. Sir George Reeve knight and baronet. Sir George Weneve knight, Thomas Waldegrave efquire, for tne county of Suffolk ;

(3) Sir Dudley North, Sir Thomas Wendy, knights of the Bath+

Levinus Bennet efquire, Robert King, John Pepis, doctors of the law, Thomas Crouch, Francis North, efquires, for the county of Cambridge; Sir Thomas Sciater, baronet. Left range Col thorp* John MiiUcent, Thomas Hall, John Sotheby^ efquires, John Bing efquire, and William Wrenn efquire, for the ifte of Ely \ (5) Sir Francis Compton knight, Robert Appreece, Sutton Afkfield, efquires, An-thmy South dodtor of the law, Robert Payne, Richard Nay Ur,

Ferrers of Gedding, efquires, for the county of Huntington %

(6) Sir William Dudley knight and baronet. Maw ice Trffham,

Francis Kirkham, Lewis Palmer, Chrijlopher Thur/by, Francis Lane,

George Trejham, efquires, for the county of Northampton \ (j)

Sir Charles Huffey, Sir John Newton, baronets^ Sir 7 ho mas Meers,

voL.vm:  J  o  sir

*94

Anno decimo quinto Caroli IL e.17.  [1663.

Sir Anthony Ireby, knights. Sir Anthony Oldfield baronet, Ritherl BraumlmDaniel Rhodes, efquires, for the county of Unc$ln\ (hall be, and are hereby made and conftituted the prefeat com* miflioners for the purpofes herein mentioned*

XXV. And for the fupplying the number of the commiflion-ers of the said refpeftive counties, in cafe of death or other a-Voidance or incapacity; (2) be it alfo enafted, That within three months after fuch death, or notice of fuch avoidance or incapacity, the remaining commiflioners of each refpeftivecoun-ty, of which fuch commiflioners who died, or became incapable, were, or the major part of them, (hall from time to time nominate and appoint by deed under their hands and feals to be enrolled in chancery, fome other person or persons refiding within the said county, of which the (aid commiflioners who died, or became incapable were, to be commiflioners in the place Thf poTrcr. anc*  of him or them fo dying or becoming incapable 5 (3)

*ftheUfaidnty wkich said commiflioners hereby constituted, or bereaftertobe commiflion- conftituted in manner afore&id, or any feven or more of them ere.  be, are and (hall be hereby authorised and impowered from

time to time to bear and determine fuch complaints, controver-ties, differences and grievances as are in this aft exprefled (relating to, or concerning, or occafioned by, the draining and maintaining the said great level) of any parifh or townflup, or of any penon or perions, as well within or without the laid level, in fuch manner as is herein after exprefled : (4) And that the said commiflioners hereby conftituted, or hereafter to be conftituted in manner aforeiaid, or any feven or more of them, (hall from time to time have power and authority, and are hereby required, at or before the eight and tw<mtieth day of Septoehr which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and fix, to give or make fatisfaftion out of the said ninety-five thoufand acres, to fuch parifh or townfhip, person or perfons, whofe lands or intereft therein, either within or without the said level, (hall after the first day of May one thoufand fix hundred fixty and three, be made worfe in quality or condition by the aforeiaid draining or works, than they were before the undertaking the draining of the said level in the fixth.yearof the reign of our late King Charles of blefled memory, and proportionable to the lofles the owners of, or persons intended in fuch lands, (hall hereafter receive by reaibn of their lands being made worfe in quality or condition by any fuch works and draining as aforefaid $ (5) and (hall al(o have power at any time within four years from the four and twentieth day of Jm in the year of_our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and three, to alter, change and reftore fuch parts and parcels of the said ninety-five thoufand acres, as (hall upon complaint be food and adjudged by the said commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, to be unequally, unduly or inconveniently fet forth, by reafon of any allotting, either-of greater quantities, or 3$ belonging to other counties,. pariflies or manors or in more inconvenient places, thaA-they wfere formerly allotted and it

out

*95-

1663.] Anno dectmo quinto Caroli IL c* 17.

out by a law of fewkrs made at Saint Ives the twelfth day of Ofiober in the thirteenth year of King Charles the Firft, not-withftanding any veiling of the said ninety-five thoufand acres, or any part thereof, in the King’s majefty, or in the said governor, bailiffs and commonalty, or in any other persons before mentioned, or any eftates executed by them or any of them.

-XXVL Provided, and be it enabled. That ninety-three acres RaveJy, Up. in Ravefy and Uptvoed, feventy-fix acres in Sothery, forty-four wood, Sothe-acres and one rood in Wicken9 eighty-eight acres in Ctrwfenn, ^owfenn6”* two hundred eighty-two acres in Beezling, and thirty-feven acres Beezling! in Uptoell* fet out to be enjoyed as part of the said ninety-five thoufand acres fincc the making the said law of Saint Ives, ii> lieu of like proportions altered and reftored to the country, (hall be held and enjoyed by the said corporation, fubjeft neverthe-lef* to the truft in and by this aftdeclared, as to the said eighty-three thoufand acres refidue of the said ninety-five thoufand acres; and (hall fet forth to the said corporation in truft for the participants or adventurers, whofe proportion (hall be fo altered or exchanged, in lieu of fuch part as (hall be fo altered, exchanged or reltored, fuch other proportions in fuch other places within the (aid level, as to the said commifiloners, or any fevert or more of them, (hall feem juft and reafonable, according to foe proportions and places which ought and might have been by Lynne and Saint lues law aforefaid, to be held and enjoyed of the manor of Raft Greenwich, to the end there may be no diminution of the said ninety-five thoufand acres; (a) and where it (hall appear upon complaint of the said corporation before the said commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, that any of the proportions of the said ninety-five thoufand acres heretofore fet forth to Francis earl of Bedford, his then participants and affignfc, do fall (liort in the quantity of acres for which the fame were fet forth and allotted, according to the said laws of Lynne and Saint Ives9 the said commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, (hall within the said term of four years aforefaid appoint the fame to be fupplied and made up out of the grounds wherg the fame was fo allotted to be fet forth, to make up the said apportion of ninety-five thoufand acres. (3) And in cafe the said earl of Bedford, and his participants, or the said corporation, (hall through or by reaibn of their undertaking or draining aforefaid, in the sixth year of his late Majesty’s reign, of ever blefied memory, have done or hereafter (hall do any aft Grafts to the prejudice of navigation, and whereby navigation in the said rivers of Owfe and Grant, and all other rivers now navigable palling through the said level, and the river of Weft-water, being a branch of the river of Owfe9 if it be confident with the draining, or in any of them, or fuch drove-ways of bridges within and without the said level, as have been made orcaufed to be made by the adventurers,, and have been by them maintained, unlefs there be fome agreement to the contrary, be or hereafter (hall be interrupted, obftrufted and made ftosk; that then the said commiflioners, or any feven or more

62  of

 v^ooQie

Anno decimo quinto Caroli II. c.17.  [i66j.

of them, whereof the vice-chancellor for the univerfity of Cambridge y the mayor of the town of Cambridge, and the mayor of the town of Kings-Lynne for the time being, to be three, if they upon notice left at their refpedtive habitations (hall think fit to be prefent, from time to time (hall and may decree the fame to be made good and, amended, at the proper cofts and charger of the said corporation, within a convenient time, as to their judgments (hall feem meet: (4) And in cafe it (hall happen and fo fall out, that the said corporation (hall negle& or refufe to repair and make good the fame, according to the order and, decree of the said commiflioners, and within the time limited by them ; that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the bid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, by warrant under their hands and feals attefled, to tax the said ninety-five thoufand acres in fuch fum and fums of money as in their judgments (hall feem meet, for the making, preferring and ( keeping the navigation in any of the aforefaid rivers, as the fame 1 was in the (aid (ixth year of the said King Charles the Firft; which said sum or sums of money fo to be afliefied or taxed by the commiflioners aforefaid, (hall within twenty days next after notice thereof given to the governor or treafurer of the (aid corporation, be paid unto fuch person or persons as the said com-xniflioners (hall nominate and appoint to receive the fiuhe, (5) And in cafe the said governor or treafurer of the (aid corporation, after notice fo given as aforefaid, (hall refufe or negled to pay the said fum or (urns of money as aforelaid, That then the laid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, (hall have full power and authority to impower the said person or persons to levy the said sum or sums of money by diftrefs or diftrefies to be taken upon the said ninety-five thoufand acres, or any part thereof, and to make fale of the said diftrefs or diftrefles fo taken, and fell the fame, and render the overplus unto the Aid governor or treafurer, deducting the reafonable charges for their labour and pains therein : (6) All which said sum or sums of money fo to be taxed and levied by the authority aforefaid, (hall be expended and laid out in preserving and keeping the said navigation as aforefaid, and maintaining the fame, according to the true intent and meaning of this ftatute, and not other-wife. (7) And the said commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, are alfo hereby impowered and authorized within the fpace of four years from the four and twentieth day of June in the year of our Lord one thou&nd fix hundred fixty and three, to afcertain and divide the precin&s and boundaries of fuch parts of the»faid refpe&ive counties, lordfliips, manors and parilhcs within the said level, as have been by and fincethe undertaking, defaced and made ohfcure, or by Come other means remain uncertain and hard to be found out, and (hall fet down fuch bounds and divifions in writing, by Aich marks, boundaries and descriptions as to them lhall feem meet, and (hall certify the fame under their hands' and feals in the high court of chancery; (8) according to which diviiion of the said commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, the extent of the ftid refpeftive counties, lordfhips, manors and parishes in fuch places fo bounded and divided, (hall for ever after the (aid certificate be deemed to be, and none other: (o) And in cafe the quantity of eight thoufand acres lying together or near together, or any greater quantity of ground Tying together, or near together within the said level, (hall become drowned, and fo continue for the fpace of twelve months together; that then it (hall be laWfrtl for the said commiflioners for the time being, or any (even or more of them, from time to time, and at all times, to aflefs taxes or funis of money upon the (aid ninety* five thoOfend acres, for the railing the money for draining the fame again, in filch proportion as they, or any feven or more of them (hall think fit, together with a penalty for not paying the said taxes, the said penalty not exceeding a third part of fuch tax.

XXVII.  And for default of payment-of the said taxes or How land* fums of money and penalties, be it enafted, That the lot and may he fold (hare of fuch participant or adventurer of and within the said ^ ninety-five thoufand acres, as fhali be in arrearfor the said tax* or penalties?1 (urn of money or penalty, a neb unpaid by the fpace of two

months next after the day 'appointed for payment by the said commiflioners, of any feven or tiriore of them, or fo much thereof as they (hall think fit, (hall.be fequeftned by the said commiflioners/ or any feven or more of them, for or towards die payment of fuoh tax, fum ofimoney, or penalty fo in arrear, reftormg the overplus of the motley for which Fuch lot or (hare, or any part thereof, (hall be fequeftred, if any be: which fe* queftration (hall be made in writing under the hands and feats of the said commiflioners for the time being, or any feven or more of them.  1

XXVIII.  Provided always, and be it enafted by the autho* rity aforefaid, That in cafe the said governor, bailiffs and corporation, conftituted by this aft, (hall neglect or refufe to pay fuch tax or taxes and penalties, sum or sums of money, as (hall from time to time hereafter be taxed and impofed by the said commiflioners before-named or to be named by virtue of this aft, or any feven or more of them, purfuant to the powers given them by this aft, whereupon the goods and chattels of any person or perfons, his or their tenant or tenants, of and in the said ninety-five thoufand acres, or any part thereof, (hall be diftfained or fold, or his or their lands (equeftred for the payment thereof, or that fuch person or perfons, his or their tenant or tenants, (hall thereupon pay the said tax and taxes, and penalties fo aflefled and impofed as aforefaid; that then the said governor,” bailiffs and corporation, iiflmediately from and after notice to him or them given thereof, (hall aflefs and tax the whole ninety-five thoufand acres for the (atisfaftion and payment of the tax, taxes and penalties, fum and fums of fflopey, an^l all damages that fuqh person or perfons, his or

O 3  thciy

 (^.ooQle

Anno detimo qubto Carom II. c.17.  (1663.

their tenant or tenants, hath or have paid, bom of fattained, ais aforefaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if the bid governor, bailiffs and corporation (hall not with* in fix months after demand made by fuch pcrfon or perfons, bis and their hears, executors and adminiftrators, whofe own or tenant or tenants goods and chattels (hall be diftraincd or fold, or lands fequcftred as aforefaid, pay and fatisfy unto him or them fuch fum and fumsof money and damages as he or they, hi* and their refpedive tenant or tenants have relpedively paid, bom and fuftained j that then and from thenceforth fitch period and perfons, his and their heirs and affigns, fhall and may bring his and their adion or adions of debt in any of the King’s mqe-Ay’s court at Wtftmirtfttr, against the nid governor, baMs and corporation, for the recovery thereof, and by virtue of this adt (hall recover the fame, ana be allowed cons of fuit expended therein.

*  XXX.  And be it farther enaded by the authority aforefaid,

That the commiffioners fo conftituted or to be hereafter confti* tuted as aforefaid, or any (even or more of them, for the better execution of the powers hereby given, (hall arid may inform themfelves by examining witnefles upon oath, which hereby they, or any (even or mote of them, (haU have power to ad-minifter due execution of aU, every, or any the power* or authorities hereby given them, and for the doing juftice thereto accordingly.

The commit. XXXL ^Provided always. That the (aid eommi(Gooers and fioners to take every of thlem, before he or they take upon him or titan tin an oath, execution ofany the powers or authorities hereby given them, other than tile adrainiftring the oath following to one another, which they fhall have authority by this prefont adt to admini-fter to one another, (hall take the oath following, (viz.)

(2)  if A. B.fluffand will without favour or afftRion^hatred or moBa, X truly and impartially, according to thi bejl of my /kill andbmv-ledge, execute and perform all and every the powers and authorities ejlabli/bed fy this ail of parliament.

Which oath any one of the said commiffioners are hereby authorized to adminiltcr.

XXXII.  And he it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all judgments, orders, decrees, determinations, alterations, changes, reftaurations, and other ads done by the said com-tniffioners hereby conftirated or hereafter to be conftituted, asa-forriaid, or of any feven or more of them refpedivdy, purfuant to the powers ana authorities: by this ad given, (hail be final; and that the first time and plaoe of their meeting (hall be at or before the two arxf twentieth day of September in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and three, at Ely.

XXXIII.  And that afterwards the ufual places where the laid

where th” commiffioners (hall fit to hear, order and determine the matters commiffioners,0 «fentd by this ad, (hall from the twenty-ninth day ffiall fit.  of

 v^. ooQle

i99

*  Anno dcdmo quinto CaRoli II. c.17.

of September to the twenty-fixth day of March in evely year, bfc at the town of Huntington ; and from the twenty-fifth day of March till the thirtieth day of September in every year be at Ely> iMiiefr the said commiflioners hereby conftituted, or hereafter to be oonftinited, as aforefiud, or any feven or more of them, fhall appoint fome other place or places, being a market-town or towns; (2) and the (kid commiflioners, or any (even dr more of them, (hall by warrant under their hands and feals declare the places and times of their after-meeting; which warrant (hall be publifhed in the open market of fuch refpe&ive places where they last far, between )he hours of twfelve and two upon fome market-day one month at the lead before the said time or times of meeting, to the end all persons concerned may have fufficient time and notice to make their appearance before them upon any caufe or complaint, or other occafion; (3) and (hall have power and authority by warrant under the hands and feals of any feven or more of them, to fummon parties and witnefles to appear before them.

XXXIV.  Provided, That. none of the said commiflioners hereby conftituted, or hereafter to be conftitufed, as aforefaid, (hall vote or give his judgment or determination in any matter or thing which concerns the divilion and bounds of the county of or for which he is appointed coramHHoner.

XXXV.  Provided a«o. That no person who hath any part, (hare or intereft in pofleflion or reverfion of or in any manors or lands within the said level, (hall be a commiflioner.

XXXVI.  And in cafe of defeent, gift, devife or purchase of any fuch part, (hare or intereft, to or by anythe (aid commit-(loners, it is hereby declared and ena&ed; That immediately after fuch defeent, gift, devife or purchase to or by any fuch commiffioner, the said defeent, gift, devife or purchase (nail be an avoidance of his being a commiflioner, and (hall make him be incapable of being again nominated or appointed a commit-doner whilft his intereft doth remain.

XXXVII.  Provided alio, and the said commiflibners for the time being, or any feven or more of them, (hall from time to time, and at all times have power and authority to give and make fatisfadtion out of the ninety-five thoufand acres, to fuch person or persons whofe lands or intereft therein (by any new works hereafter to be made by the (aid corporation within the said level, for conveying of the waters of the said level by convenient outfalls of the feat) (hall be made worfe in quality, condition or value, than they were before the said undertaking in the said (ixth year of the said late King Charles, proportionable to the lofs and damage the parties (hall receive thereby.

XXXVIII.  And to the end that the owners of the commons and waftes in the said level and other towns, parifbes and places, unto whieh the works aforefaid, or any of them, do extend, may improve the fame by making divisions and inclo-fares; (2) be it provided and enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for any person or perfons, body

O4  politick

Owners of waftes and commons may improve.

16 & 17 Car.*, c. 11. in fart

 v^ooQie

200  Anno derimo qumto Caroli II. c.17. £i 66j*

rivaled by pojkick or corporate whatfoever, their hein and fucceflbrs, that

1 Jac. *. c.»if w or ^ jorjs q£  or iiavc ^ (hall have right* of

‘  1  jcommon  in  thp said waftes, to improve, fet out, indafe, di-

vide and fever iuch proportion or proportions as to thcaa (hall or may. (Severally or refpedtively belong or appertain, or hr adjudged and allotted out of the said commons and waftes within the laid level, or within any town, parilh or place, into which the works aforefaid, or any of them, do extend, and to hold fuch proportion in feyerajty at all times of the year ; (3) and ail .differences that (hall arife concerning the boundaries of the waftes, rights of common, approvements, allotments, diviftons and inclofures, (hall from time to time, and at all times, be determined, adjudged, and finally ended, by the said commifiio-ners for the time bring, or any (even or more of them, upon their yiew, or examination of witnefies upon oath (which they are hereby authorized to adminifter) or upon both, and hear-jng of the parties concerned, by their adjudication under their hands and feals in writing, which determination and judgment being .certified into the petty-bag, there to be filed, and kept on record, (hall be final and condufive unco all parties: (4) and the allotments, diyifions and proportions fo adjudged or decreed to be. held by the said refyetfive persons to whom they are fo fet out, (hall be held by him or them, and his and their heirs, executors and afiigns refpe&ively, according to his or their tenure jor tenures, eftate, title or intereft they had in the manors, tenements and lands, for which they claimed the fiud proportions of .comrfion, as aforefaid ; paying fuch fines and rents, and doing fuch fervices in proportion for the fame, as by cuftom or other-wife they are to pay or do, and do for the manors, tenements and lands for which they claim the fame proportion, having fuch refj>eca to the yearly values of the one and the other, as (hall (if need fo require) be limited by feven or more of the commif-jfoners*. .

ft^tton, Mead- XXXIX. Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed. That it (hall and ‘ may be lawful to and for fuch person and persons as were heretofore owners of the one hundred feventy-five acres in Sutton,, North and South Meodland, in the said ifle of Ely, fet out by the said law of St. Ivts9 as a recompence for draining the whole North and South Midlands, containing about one thoufand acres, their heirs or afiigns, to fue and implead before the said com-miflioners, or any feven or more of them, the owners and occupiers of the (aid North and South Meadknds, or elfewhere within the said great level, to draw them into contribution for their feveral and refpe&ive proportions of the said North and South Mtadlandi, towards the said one hundred feventy-five acres. (%) And the said commifiioaers, or any feven or more of rhem, (hall thereupon adjudge and decree unto the said owners of the said pne hundred feventy-five acres, or fuch of them as they (hall think fit, and to their heirs arid afiigns, fuch refcompcnce and Satisfe&ioq, either in ready money, yearly rent, or land, out of ffye refidue of the North ?nd South Meadknit% a? tg the said com-

piffioqers.

 ^.ooQie

201

1663.] Anno dedmo <juinto Carou II. c.17.

miflioners, or any feven or more of them, (hall feem meet, to be held and enjoyed by the said owners of the said one hundred feventy-five acres, their heirs and afligns.

XL. Provided always* and be it ena&ed, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for Sir John Watts knight, and others, who derive any intereft under the drainers of that fenn called Lon-dontrs-Fenn, his and their heirs and afligns, to fue and implead all and every person and perfons, their executors and adminiftra-tors, that have taken and received the rents and profits of his or their (hare and proportion of Londoners-Fenn, remaining from Londoners-the (hare and proportion allotted and fet out by the said Taw of Fenn.

St. Ives fince the said level was adjudged drained, and to fue for and recover the (ame in any of his Majesty’s courts at Wejlmin-JUr ; (2) and alfo. That it (nail and may be lawful to and tor the (aid Sir John Watts and the participants aforefaid, his and their heirs and afiigns, heretofore owners of the feveral proportions in Londoners-Fenn, fet out by St. Ives law for the adventurers recoin pence for draining the low grounds in Upwell, Outwell and Wtlney, to purfue and profecute before the said commiflioners, or any fevtn or more of them, their claim, and fue for relief, a-gainft the owners or occupiers of the fenny and low furrounded grounds lying in Upwell, Outwell and Welney aforefaid, whofe Upwell, Out* .grounds did not all contribute, or not in .equal proportion, to well, Welney. the said ninety-five thoufand acres, to draw them into contribution, in cafe of the said Sir John Watts and the participants a-forefaid; and thereupon the said commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, are hereby impowered to adjudge and decree uq-to the said Sir John Watts and the participants aforefaid, his and their heirs and afligns, fuch proportion out of the said grounds which have not equally contributed ^ aforefaid,.as,to the laid commiflioners, or any fever) or  meet.

XLI. Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful fpr the King’s iqajefty, and the Queen’s majefty, their heirs, fucceflors and afligpsj to continue in the pofleflion, u(age and difpofal of the bank called Doufedale-Bank, being on Doufedale* the South-fide of his Majesty’s denjefne lands called Port-Sand, Bank, belonging to their manor of Crowland, being part thereof, and to have fuch ancient paflages and currents as of right have been jifed and accuftomed, for the avoidance of water through the fame into the river South-Eae, as if this afl had never been made.

XLII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority How and for aforefaid. That it (halj and may be lawful to and for everv what time archbilhop, bilhop, dean and chapter, and all colleges and halis archbiihops, in either univerfity, and all bqdies politick and corporate, who are or (hall be lords of manors, or have or (hall have right of icafes. foil or common in the waftes within this said level, or within fuch other towns, parifhes and places into which the works of the draining aforefaid do or (hall extend, and who are by this aimpowered to improve, fet out, inclofe, divide and fever /wch proportion or proportions $s to them (hall or may rcfpcc-

tively

102

4 Jac. i. c.

Anno declmo qmnto Caroli n. c:vy.

tively belong or appertain, out of the (aid commons and waAts within the (atd level, to demife by indenture all and every the said Aich proportion or proportions as to them (hall or may it-fpeAively belong or appertain, out of the said commons and waftes within the said level, which have not by exprefs words, and under any particular rent, been at any time formerly de-mifed, for any term or number of years, not exceeding one aad twenty years, fo as upon every fucti demife or leafe be refcrvd the fourth part of the true yearly value, to be afeertained by the commiffioners aforefaid or any (even of them, duo and payable yearly during the said term* to him or them and his and their lucceflbrs.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it declared by and with the corifent of all parties concerned. That neither this a& nor aaj thing therein contained (hall extend or be confirmed to extead to alter the pofleffion of Ihomas Chicheley, eftj; of or from fix hundred fcventy-one acres, parcel of the lot now claimed to belong to the said truftees of Henry late earl of Arundel and Sumy, and two hundred thirty-one acres, parcel of the lot now chimed to belong to the (aid Sir William Tenringbam, or from any part thereof, by him the said Thomas Chichele} now enjoyed unde purchasers by Tales for nonpayment of taxes upon the difpatc between the old and new adventurers; but that the (aid ooqporz-tion (hall exiecute conveyances of the said refpcAivc proportion unto the said Thomas Cbicheley, his heirs and affigns $ any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwhh-ftanding.

# XLIV. Provided always, and be it enaAed, That all (boh right or right? as any lord or lords of any manor or manors, liberties , hundred or half-hundred, have heretofore had within their refpeAJve manor or manors, liberties, hundred or half-hundred, within or without the said level, to waifs, (bays, felons goods, privileges of arrefts, efcheats and all other royalties not prejudicial to the draining, be hereby laved to them, thdr heirs, fuceeflbrs and affigns feverally and refocAively ; any thing in this a A to the contrary thereof notwithfianding.

XLV. Provided always. That this aA, or any thing therein contained, (hall not be interpreted to infringe or any way to >3- weaken an aA made the fourth year of the reign of King James, intituled. An act for the draining of certain fens and bto grounds within the ijle oft,ly, fubjeft to hurt by furrounding, containing about fix thoufand acres, compaffei about with certain bouts, commonly called and named. The Ring of Walterfea and Coldham ; but the said aA (hall ftand m full force and virtue ; any thing in this prefent aA to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLVI. Provided alfo. That whereas divers lands in and near adjoining unto the said great level, have been cut through far the better conveying of the waters from the fame, and for upholding or repairing the banks and works there, without making fatisfaftien to the n~ fpeftive owners of the said lands, for the damage they have fufiomi by fitch cutting, (2) be it further enaAed, That the said tomaiiP.

fioners

1663.] Anno dcdmo quinto CAR01.I II. C.17,  803

(boners for the time being, or anyfeven or more of them, upon complaint to them made of fuch damage fuftained as aforefaid, without recompence for tlie fame, (hall be and are hereby im-powered to award and decree fuch recompence and fatisfadion to the party and parties grieved, according to their refpe&ive damages fuftained by fuch cutting, as to the said commiffiopers for the time being, or any fcven or more of them, (hall be adjudged reafonable, the said recompence and fatisfa&ion to he erude and given by the said corpocetion within fix months next after. ditch . award or deeree made; {3) and in default thereof, the said com-miflioners, or any fcven or snore of them, (hall and may, and are hereby impowered .to rate and tax the said ninety-rfive thou-(an4 acres, and te dtftrain thereupon'for tb* payment of fuch rate or tax, and the diftref* taken thereupon to fell or difpofe as they (hall think fit, (rendring the overplus, if: any he, to the owners) for the payment and fntUfa&ion of fuch monies and damages as (hall be (b awarded * any thing in this aft to the contrary thereof notwitbftandlng.

XL VII. Provided nevertheless, That in cafe the judicature The barons of hereby eftablifhed, (hall not, within twelve months from the first exchequer im-day of Aiguji next, hear and determine all the matters by this suft to them referred, concenmng.the said ninety-five thoufand acres, termine diffc-allend every fuch person and persons whofe complaint (hall be rences be-then undetermined, may make their applications to the, barons tween parties, of his Majesty’s courtor exchequer, who . are hereby, eftahlilhed a court of judicature, and fufficieotly authorised to hear and determine all fuch controverfies' and differences between the (aid parties, in as large and ample manner to all intents and purposes as the judicature hereby eftablifhed might have done j and fuch judgment, order or decree of the (aid cowt ef exchequer (hall he in all things obferved, and be ewdkual as if tbftdajd bar ran# had been made the only judicature by this aft. ■

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it tnaded by the author!- Leffees of the ty„ aforefaid, That the leflees qf the King’s majefty, . his heirs Kins* and fuoceflors, of the (aid ten thoufend acies^ er of any part thereof, and tbeafiigns of fuch lefeos andevery ©r any.of them,

(hall be capable to be, elected andehefeo into ■roe-office er place, offices or places of governor, bailiffs and eonfervstors afqrefaid, and to vote in fuch ele&ions and choice,, :and in all other matters, as fully to all intents and purpofqs as-any other, members of the corporation, owners of any part of the (kid ninety-five thoufand acres, may be eleded and chefen, vote in fuch election and choice, er-in any other matter, fo as fuch lefiees ant their affignees refpedtively, have andbe.fefiees or owners of double the quantity or number of acres, pwjeel of the said ten thoufand acres, as by virtue of this adt is required to qualify any person to be eledted and chofen into the. office ,or place of governor, bailiff or confervator refpedtively, and to vote in fuch eledtien* and choice, or in any other matter touobing thC'feid level, and fo as fuch Jeafes or alignments they claim by, be entred with the regifter; any thing before in this act to the contrary ootwithftanding.

XLIX. Pro-

AnUO decimoqtrifito CaROLI II. c.i6.  [1663.

' XLIX. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That this a6t (hall not extend to impeach or make void any obligation given to David Offky, gent, conditioned for his quiet enjoyment of a certain parcel of land purchafed by him in the said level, but that the said David Offley may fue and profe-ctite his feveral adlion or a&ions upon the said obligation, as if he had been evidted of removed from his eftate therein by due courfe of law.

How breaches L. And be it further enadhed by the authority aforefaid, Tint thill be made if ?ny breaches happen in any of the banks, farfes, fluices, tun-S00*-  nds  or other works within the said great level, or in any the

works made without the said great level for carrying the waters of the said great level to their outfal at4 fea, by reafon of feme inevitable accidents, the fame (hall be repaired and made good in convenient time by and at the charges of the said corporation and theif'fticceflbrs ; (2) but no other charge (hall be laid upon the (bid corporation or their fucceflors, for or in refpedt of fuch breaches, nor for or in refpedt of any breaches that have happened heretofore in afby of the said banks, fafles, fluices or other Works; norifhall the (aid corporation be informed to give tb any other person any recompence for any lofs or damage which hath or (hall happen bv reafon-of their making neceffary and fuffiteient banks for the defending of the said level from being oVerfltftn, and for the leading of the Waters of the Aid level in their Panels as now they run, unto*their outfal at Tea.

Provifo for LI. Provided neverthelefs, and be it ertadted, That where perfon* that any participant under Francis earl of Bedford^ Or the heirs or thdr land*.  °f  anY  participant, hath exchanged his or their  (hare

or lot of the said ninety^-five thoufand acres, or any part thereof, for any other lands, parcel of the said ninety-five thoufand ?cres, whidh were claimed and held underTuch pretended files, for non-payment of takes,* fince one thoufand (he hundred forty : and nine* R (hall ami may be lawful to and for fuch participant and participants,^ and his and their heirs and afligAs, to enter again upon the fame lands fo given in exchange, and to have and retain the fame in'his and their pofleflion, any thing in this a& to the contrary notwithstanding: fubjedl neverthelefs in all things to Tuch judgment and determination as the judicature hereby conftituted (nail make concerning the fame.

Lll. Provided always, That no afeertaining or dividing of the said drained or new improved lands'by the said commiffion-ers as aforefaid, (hall conclude the King’s majefty, his heirs, killticeflbrs or aifigns, or any other person or perfbns, as to the bounds of parirties, to any ’other intent or purpofe, than fub-je<5hng the fame to taxes and contributions, and cpifcopal jurif-iifhoris, and not as to the right of tithes or any other purpofe wttatfoever, nor (hall be, ‘ or be ufed in, evidence concerning the feme.

Commpniand LIII. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed by the autho-BedfbrcU ritY  That  if  any  perfon  or  perfons  having  a  right  of

jLeyei^fipfrd comm&n in any of the tnanors, waftes, commons or lands wifh*

v ’  '  in

205

1663.] Anno dedipo fexto Caroli.1L c.17.

in the said great level of the fenns, called Bedford-Levels or any other person or perfon; whatfoever, at any time after fuch divi-fion or inclofure made, or fet out as aforefaid, (hall break, throw down, difturb, obftrudl or by any means hinder or fiy open the said improvements and inclofures, at, in or after the making thereof,. or the hedges, ditches or fences of the fame, or any part thereof (hall deftroy, and (hall be thereof convicted by two credible witnefles upon oatli before two juftices of the peace of the county where fuch difturbance or deftru&ion (hall be made : every fuch person or persons fo cttnvi&ed as aforefaid,

(hall forfeit for every fuch offence the (urn of twenty pounds ;

(2)  to be levied by aiftrefs upon the goods and chattels of every luch offender or offenders, by warrant under the hands and feals of the said juftices of the peace before whom fuch cortvidtion (hall be made ; the one moiety to the informer; and the other moiety to fuch person or persons against whom the said offence is or (hall be committed ; or for want of fuch fufficient diftrefs, the offender (hall be committed to the house of correction or common gaol for three months without bail or mainprize, at the said juftices diferetion.

LIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enadted and declared After the year by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the first day of Taxes Augujl which (nail be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and eight, no tax or taxes exceeding two (hillings t^e p£und. the acre in any onfe year, (hall be affeffed, laid or levied, upon the said ten thouiana acres by this adt veiled in the King’s ma-jefty, his heirs, fuccefiors and affigns, or upon any part thereof,'dr upon the two thoufand acres hereby vefted in the afii»ns of the said earl of Portland; but in cafe the taxes to be affeffed upon the laid eighty-three thoufand acres hereby vefted in the said corporation, (nail not amount unto fo much in proportion as two (hillings an acre, according to the proportion for each acre; then a proportionable abatement (hall be made out of the laid two (hillings per acre, which (hall be charged yearly by an equal rate upon every acre of the said ten thoufand acres, and the (aid two thoufand acres, according to the rate impofed upon every acre of the feid eighty-three thoufand acres, whether the fame (hall be affeffed by an acre-tax or pound-rate, or by any other way j aiiy thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

LV. And it is further declared. That the affeffing^ laying and levying of taxes upon the said ten thoufand acres, or upon the faia two thoufand acres or any part thereof, after the said first day of Augufi which (hall be in the said year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and eight, by the way of an acre-tax, (hall not extend nor be interpreted or construed to extend, to compel or conclude tbe said corporation, to affefs, lay pr levy any tax or taxes upon the said eighty-three thoufand'acres, hereby vefted in the said corporation, or upon any part thereof by tbe way of an acre-tax.

•  -*  •  -............................   ^  Amo  -.....

2o6

16 Car. i. c. i.

A repeal of the (aid aft.

4 Ed.*, c.14. 36 Ed.3. c.io.

6 W. & M.

c. ft.

iGeo. i.c. 3I.

Anno decimo ft*to Caroei II. c.i. [1664.

./fww dccimo fexta Caroli II. Regis.

AT the parliament begun at Weftminfter the eighth of May one tboujand fix hundred fixty-au*, anno 13 Car. a. and bp prorogation held at Wcftminftcr the fix teens b of M^rch, 16 Car. 2.

CAP. I.

An ail for the affembling and holding of parliaments once in three years at the leafi \ and for ihe repeal of an a&^ intituled, An act for the preventing of inconveniencies happening by the long intermiffion of parliaments.

WHEREAS the aft made in the parliament begun at Weftmin-fter the third day of November in the fifteenth year of the reign of our late Jovereign lord King Charles of biffed memory, intituled, An act for the preventing of inconveniencies happening by the long intermiiGon of parliaments, is in derogation of bis Majefiys jufi rights and prerogative inherent to the imperial crown of this realm, for the calling and affembling of parliaments, and may be an occffion of manifold mifehiefs and inconveniendes, and much endanger the peace and fafety of his Majefiy, mid all his liege people of this realm :

II. Be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpintual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflcmbled, and by the authority of the fame, That the said aft, intituled. An ait for the preventing of inconvcniencio happening by the long intermiffion of parliaments, and all and every thev*rt*cics, daufes and things therein contained, is, (hall be, and are hereby wholly repealed, annulled, and utterly made void, and are hereby dedared to be null and void to all intents and purpofes whatloever, as if the said aft had never been had or made 3 any thing in the said aft contained to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding.

III. And becaufe by the ancient laws and fiatutes of this realm, made in the reign of King Edward the Thirty parliaments are to be held very often ; your Majesty’s humble and loyal fubjefts the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, mod humbly do btfcech your moft excellent Majesty, That it may be declared and enafted 3 (2) and be it declared and enafted by the authority aforefaid. That hereafter the fitting and holding of parliaments (hall not be intermitted or discontinued above three years at the moft; (3) but that within three years from and after the determination of this prefent parliament, and fo from time to time within three years after the determination of any other parliament or parliaments, or if there be occafion more often, your Majesty, your heirs and fucceflors, do iffue out your writs for caUing, affembling and holding of another parliament, to the end there may be a frequent

207

1664.] Anno decimo fcxto CaroU II. 0,2,3.

quent calling, afletnbling and holding of parliaments once in three years at the leaft.

CAP. II.

An act for preventing of abatements of writs of error upon judgments in the exchequer.

TT7HEREAS by aJiatute made in the one and thirtieth year of the W reign of the late 2$ueen Elisabeth, it is enabled, That the 31 Elk. c. 1. not coming of the lord chancellor and lord treafurer, or either of them, at the day of adjournment, in any fuit of error depending by virtue of the Jiatute of the one and thirtieth year of the reign of King Edward 3iEd.3.(ht.i. the Third therein mentioned, concerning error made in the exchequer, c- **•

/ball not be any difcontinuance of any fuch writ of error; (2) but if both the chief jujtices of either bench, or any one of the said great offi- Carthew 3*f. cars, the lord chancellor or lord treafurer, /ball come to the exchequer-chamber, and there be prefent at the day of adjournment in fuch fuit of error, it Jhall be ho dfcontinuance, but the fuit /ball proceed in law to all intents and purpofes, as if both the lord chancellor and lord treafurer had comen and been prefent at the day and place of adjourn-ment: (3) which Jiatute doth not provide a remedy, in cafe the said lord chancellor ana lord treafurer, or either of them, Jhall not be prefect at the days and timys of the returns of fuch writs of error, although it be within the fame mifehief, juftice being delayed, and the parties , in fuch cafes being put to begin new fuits, to their great charges and prejudice, by reafon of the abfence and not coming of the said great officers:

II.  Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That the not coming of the lord chancellor and lord treafurer, or either of them, at the day of return of any writ of error to be fued forth by virtue of the said ftatnte made in the said one and thirtieth year of the reign of the laid King Edward the Third, (hall not caufe any abatement

or difcontinuance of any fuch writ of error: (2) but if both the The not corn-chief juftices of either bench, or either of them, or any one of jng ot the the Bud great officers, the lord chancellor or lord treafarer, (hall lord" come to the exchequer-chamber, and there be prefent at the day treafurer. of return of any fuch writ of error, it (hall be no abatement or difcontinuance, but the fuit (hall proceed in law to all intents and purpofes, as if both the lord chancellor and lord treafurer 4iad comen and been prefent at the day and place of the return of fuch writ.

III.  Provided always, That no judgment (hall be given in any Altered by to fiach fait or writ of error, unlefs both the lord chancellor and Car. a. c. 4. the lord treafurer (hall be prefent thereat.

CAP. III.

An act for collffftn* th* dyty artfmg by hearth moneys by of appointed by ins Majesty. Repealed .1 \Vt 8c. M,. fell, i.

officer* to be 13 8c 14 Car. a. c. 10.

1 cCar.a. €.13.

CAP. 5- i

20S

EXP.

13 Sc 14 Car. a. c. I*

EXP.

EXP. s* & sjCar.i.

c. II.

The inconve-nicncies of immoderate unlawful use of gaming.

5 Mod* *> 4» 35-

deceits and

Anno dcdmo fextd CaroLi II. c.4,—7.  [1664.

'  -    .  '  CAP. IV.

An act to prevent and fupprefs feditious conventicles.

35 Eliz c. 1. declared to be in foffoe. Farther remedy against feditious fe6h-ries. Unlawf ul conventicles and meetings under pretence of exercifeof religion forbidden. The punifhment and manner of proceeding against them tor the first offence. The fecond offence. The third offence. How fedi-tious feftarie* convifted may be tranfported. How the offender may be difcharged upon payment of tool. Punifhment of offenders after the third offence. How the said penalty of ioo 1. (hall be difpoTed. Perfons fued for executing this aft, may plead the genera] iffue and recover treble cofts. Felony to efcape after conviftion, or to return after tranf-portation. Seditious and tumultuous meetings 4nd conventicles. The penalty of fuffering conventicles in private houfes. Gaolers may not let prisoners committed upon this aft to go at large. The penalty. Within what time offenders mult be profecuted. Married women, how to be punifhed. How judices of the peace may enter into houfes fufpefted for conventicles. The houfes of peers. What persons may not be committed to the house of correftion. Perfons ferved with procefs refilling to take an oath. The penalty. How fuch persons may be acquitted. Peers offending, how to be proceeded againd. Continuance of this aft for three years. See.

CAP. V.

An act to prevent the didurbances of feamen and others, and to preserve the dores belonging to his Majesty's navy royal. Who may punifh didurbances by feamen and others relating to the navy-office. Imbezilling of dores and ammunition. The continuance of this aft tor two years, Arc. 19 Car. i. c. 7.

CAP. VI.

An act to prevent the delivering up of merchant (hips. Englifh (hips not to be yielded up to Turks cr pirates. The penalty on maders of (hips. Procefs out of the court of admiralty. Manners or inferior officers declining to fight* The penalty. Encouragement to captains and feamen to dcleipktUtir (hips. Ships which (hall be taken by the Euglifh. The penalty of wilfully deftroying (hips. The continuance of this aft for three years, See.

CAP. VII.

An aft against deceitful, diforderly, and excefftve gaming.

WHEREAS all lawful games and exercifes Jbould not be other-wife vfed, than as innocent and moderate recreations, and net as conftant trades or callings to gain a living, or make unlawful advantage thereby \ (2) and whereas by* the immoderate use of themy many mifehiefs and inconveniences do arift\ and are daily found, to the maintaining and encouraging of fundry idle, loofe and diforderly persons in their dijhonefl, lewd and dijjolute courfe of life* and to the circumventing* deceiving* coufetiing and debauching of many of the younger forty both of the nobility and gentry, and others, to the lofs of their predoses time* and the utt& ruin of their eftates and fortunes* and withdrawing them from noble and laudable imployment and exercifes :

II. Be it therefore enafted by the King's mod excellent Ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any per-fon or persons of any degree or quality whatsoever, at any time or times after the nine and twentieth day of September which (hall be intheyearof oifr Lord God one thoufand fix hundred fixty and four, do or (hall by any fraud, fliift, coufenage, cir-

cum-

 L.OOQ ie

i.664*] Anno decimo fcxto & feptimo Caroli II. c.7.  209

cumvfcntion*, deceit, or unlawful device, or ill prallice whatfo- roufenages 1Ti ever, in playing at or with cards, dice* tables, tennis, bowles, £amiDS* kittles, (hovel-board j or in any cock-fightings, horfe-races, dog-matches, foot-races, or other paftimes, game or games See 9 Ann*, Whatfoever, or in or by bearing a (hare or part in the (takes, c-c Wagers, or adventures, or in or by bettihg on the fides or hands 1  ,1#

of luch as do or (hall play, all* ride or run as aforefaid, win, obtain, or acquire to him or themfclves, or to any other or others, any sum or sums of money, of other valuable thing or dungs whatfoever \ That then every person and persons fo offending as aforefaid, (hall ipfo foflo forfeit and lofe treblfe the film The penalty# or value of money, or other thing or things fo won, gained, obtained or acquired; the one moiety thereof to our fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fucceflors; and the other moiety thereof unto the person or persons grieved, or who (hall lofe the money, or other thing or things fo gained; fo as every fuch lofer and person grieved in that behalf, do or (hall profecute and fue for the fame within fix kalendar months next after fuch play:

(3)  and in default of fuch profecution, the fame other moiety to

luch person or persons as (hall or will profecute or fue for the How to be

fame within one year next after the said fix months expired : rued foran<i

£4) and that the (aid forfeitures (hall or may be fued for, or rc- rccovcrc •

covered by allion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of

his Majelty’s courts at Weftminjier, wherein no efloin, protellion

or wager of law (hall be allowed: (5) and that all and every

fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, informer or informers, (hall in every

fiich fuit and profecution have and recover his and their treble

cofts against the person offending and forfeiting as aforefaid; any

hw, ftatute, cuftom or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwith-

(tanding.

III.  And for the better avoiding and preventing of all exceffive Prevention of and immoderate playing and gaming for the time to come; (2) ?xceffl|’e and be it further ordained and enalled by the authority aforefaid, ^^gcratc That if any person or persons (hall at any time or fifties after B the nine and twentieth day of September aforefaid play at any of the said games, or any other paftime, game or games whatfoever (other than with and for ready money) or (hall bett on the fides or hands of fuch as do or (half play thereat, and (hall lofe any sum or sums of money, or other thing or things fo played for, exceeding the fum of one hundred pounds at any one 1 *-utw. time or meeting, upon ticket or credit, or otherwife, and (hall not *  54#

pay down the fame at the time when he or they (hall fo lofe the 1  *344*

lame, the party and parties who lofeth or (hail lofe the said monies, or other thing or things fo played or to be played for, above the taid fum of one hundred pounds, mall not in that cafe be bound or compelled or compellable to pay or make good the fame; (3) but the contrail and contrails for tne fame, and for every part thereof, and all and lingular judgments, (latutes, recognizances, mortgages, conveyances, aflurances, bonds, bills, fpecialties, pro-mifies, covenants, agreements and other alls, deeds and fecurities whatfoever, which mall be obtained, made, given, acknowledged Vol.VIII.  P  or

2io Anno dedmo fexto & fcptimoCaroli II. c.1,2. [i66j£

or entered into for fecurity dr fatisfa&ion of or for the fame or any part thereof, (hall be utterly void and of none effeft: (4) and that the said person or persons fo winning the said monies.

The penalty. or ot^lcr things* forfeit and lofe treble the value of all fuch ™ fum and fums of money, or other thing or things, which he (hall fo win, gain, obtain* or acquire, above the (aid fum of one hundred pounds; (5) the one moiety thereof to our said fove-reign lord the King, his heirs and ifucceflbrs; and the other moiety thereof to fuch person or persons as (hall profecute or fae for theJame within one year next after the time of fuch offence committed ; (6) and to fee fued for by a&ion of debt, bill* plaint or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at tiPe/timm~ Jter, wherein no efloin, prote&ion or wager of law fhaH be allowed : (7) and that every fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, informer or informers, (hall in every fuch foit and profecution, have and receive his treble cofts against the person and persons offending and forfeiting as aforefaid ; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

1 j & r4.Car.ii-  CAP. VllL

c* 3 3*  An adl for continuance of a former adt for regulating the prtfa. EXP.

Anno decimo fexto G? feptimo CaROLI II. Regis.

AT the fejjitns of parliament begun the eighth of May one thoufand fix hundred fixty-oney held at Weftminfter the twenty fourth of November 16 Car. 2. And there continued • h h the fe- to the * twenty-firft of June 17 Car. 2.  the fourth fefjitn

ctmdofMarch 0f the parliament.

“  CAP.  I.

An act for granting a royal aid unto the King's majefty, of twenty-four hundred threefcore and feventeen thoufand and five hundred pounds, to be raifed, levied and paid in the fpace of three years. EXP.

CAP. II.

An aS for regulating the meafures and prices of coals.

FOR avoiding the manifold deceits, exactions and abufes ufed a the meafures and fales of coals, and for preventing the like, and the better regulation thereof for the time to come; (2) be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the sixth day of March in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty-fotir* all forts of coal. Sea-coal raea- commonly called fea-coals, brought into the river of  and

fold, (hall be fold by the chaldron, containing thirty-fix bufhels heaped up, and according to the bufhel fealed for that purpofc at Guild-Hall in London, and fo for a greater or leffer quantity;

(3)  and that all other forts of coals coming from Scotland and other places, commonly fold by weight, and not by meafiire, (lull be fold by weight after the proportion of a hundred and

*  twelve

Coals from Scotland.

17 V-ai I

Kcble, &c.

Deceits and exactions in felling of coals.

an

Anno dccimo fexto & fept'mio Caroli II. ai.

trwdve pound to the hundred, of avoir du pots weight, without any fallacy or deceit; (4) upon pain of forfeiture of all the coals . which (hall be otherwise ibid or expofed to fale by any wood-imongcr or retailer of coals, and the dopble value thereof, to be recovered by any pcrfon or pcrfons that Will profecute for the £mte in any court of record, or by way of ‘complaint made unto the lord mayor of London for the time being, and juftices of pence within the city of London and liberties thereof, or to any two of them, or to the juftiefcs of peace of the feveral and re-Ae&tve counties and places where fuch coals (hall be expofed to lale, or any of them; who are hereby impowered and required to call the parties before thqm, and to hear and examine fuch complaint upon oath, which by virtue of this ad is to be admi-niftred by them, or any two of them; and upon due proof thereof made to their fatisfa&ion, to convict the offenders, and to give warrant under their hands and (cals for levying the forfeitures accordingly; (5) the one half thereof to be to and for the use of the person or persons fo profecuting or complaining; and the other half to and for the. use of the poor, or repairing of the highways within the fame parifh, or any other adjoining parifh or parilnes, to be appointed and apportioned by the direction of the raid lord mayor and juftices, byfuch their warrant as afore-. foid: (6) and the said lord mayor of London, and the court of al-’ dermen for the time being, and tbe juftices of peace of the feve-r*l counties refoedively, or any three or more of them, where-jpfoneto be of the quorum, are hereby impowered to fet the rates and prices of all fuch coals as (hall be fold by retail, as they >froip time to time (hall judge reafonable, allowing a competent profit to the said retailer, beyond the price paid by him to the importer, and the ordinary charges thereupon accrewing.

If, And jthat if any ingrofler or retailer of fuch coals (hall re-Fule toieli as aforeflaid, that then the said lord mayor and aider-men, and juftices of peace refpedively, are hereby authorized to appoint and impower fuch officer or officers, or other persons as. they (hall think fit, to enter into any wharf, or other * place where fuch coals are ftored up; (2) and in cafe of refufal, taking a conftabie to force entrance, and the said coals to fell, or catife to be foldj at fuch rates as the said lord mayor and aldermen and juftices refpedively (hall judge reafonable, rendririg to fuch ingrofler or retailer the money for which the said coals .fhall be fofold, neceflary charges being deduded. w III. Provided, That this ad (hall continue for three years next enfuing, and thenceforth to the end of the next feffion of parliament, and no longer.

IV.  Provided alfo, That no person or persons that (hall be fued by virtue of this ad for not obferving thereof, (hall be fued upon any other ad or law now in force for the fame offence : (2) and if any adion (hall be commenced against any juftice of peace, conftabie, or other officer or perfon, for any thing done by colour of this ad, the defendant in every fuch adion may plead the general iflTue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence;

P2  (3)  and

Who may fet rates upon coals in London.

Ingrofler* or retailers re* fufmg to fell at the laid rates.

The continuance of this ad.

Perfons fued upon this ad may plead the ge nerai iffue.

2i2  Anno decimo fexto & fcptimoCAROu II. 0.3—5. f

(3)  and if the verdid be found for him, or if the plaintiff become nonfuited, (hall recover and have his damages and double cofts of fuit for his unjuft vexation in that behalf. iStLT01 Provided always. That no person having any intcreft in any wharf ufed for me receiving or uttering of coals, or that coalsdoth or (hall trade by himfelf or others, in his own or any other name, in the fide of any coals, or the engroffing the fame, in order to fell the fame, and not for his own private nfe only, (hall ad or otherwife intermeddle ip the fetting the price of coals; any thing in this ad to the contrary in any wife notwRhftanding. Made perpetual by 7 & 8 W* 3. cap. 36. / 2.  *

CAP. in.

EXP.  An  ad for the returning of able and fufHcient jurors.

Raym. 4x7.  Jurors for trials ofifliies Audi have 10I. per annum freehold.Iflues of jurors up-

on default. Penalty upon thefherifF,&c. How the fikeriiFflull find out perforft fit to be returned for jurymen. What timefmnmons ought to be before appearance. Nothing may be taken to excuie appearance. The penalty. County palatine of Lancafter. The continuance of this ad for three years, See.

CAP. IV.

An additional for the better ordering and colUBing the doty

of excift.

FOR the better ordering and colledirig the duty of excift, be it enaded and declared by the King*s tnoft excellent maje-fty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritiral and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the Powers given eighth day of November, which (hall be in the year of our Lord to fanners of cne thouland fix hundred fixty and five, all farmers of excife, or *** c# any of them, within the feveral circuits and divifions of their re-fpedive farms, (hall and are enabled hereby to exercise and put in execution all fuch powers and authorities which the cbmmif-fioners or fub-commiflioners of excife are enabled to do and ex-Y*Car.i.c.«4. ecute by the feveral ads and ftatutes of excife, for the levying, i5Car.*. c.u. fifing, receiving and managing of the said revenue of excife; cap. 1*.  ^e  judicial  part of hearing and determining all breaches

and offences against the laws of excife, and of impofing, mitigating or compounding of fines or penalties.

CAP. V.

AnaB to prevent delays in extending Jlatutes, judgments ad recognizances•

Security by

fiafutc -merchant and of the ilaple.

XYTHEREAS the feeurity by ftatute-merchant and of tbejlaplt is ▼ V now become of little use and benefit by the fraud of the conufors thereof in fundry cafes, who, to prevent the payment of their debts, fecret/y aftign /mail parts of their lands to feveral and unknown per-font: (2) and it having been ufed, that if the creditor take execution on fuch ftatute, yet if the lands of any one or more person or persons to whom Jitch alienation was madey and liable to Juch executing

1664.] Aaoo deeimo facto tc feptimo Caroli II. c.6-8.  213

eattion, be  emitted  ttrt  offiub extent; extortion bath been

avoided by audits tpierela, and tf>t party extending loft bis , and was delayed of bis jitfj  debt\ and fo again upon any new extent totie*

quotiesj (3) and if any one atre or panel of land happened to de~ Exreutieoa Jeend to an infant, toe whole extortion was deferred tiU full age  **7.

Jiubinfant-, and ifafterwards other part of the lands or tenements ‘aMaVurM‘ Sable to Jiub debt defended to another infant, then alfo a farther de- , lay happened during that infamy alfo.

Q. Be it therefore enafted by the King's moft excellent ma- For wfaat jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual c«nfc» «jt«ts ana temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the lame. That when any judg- me# o,,n meat, statute or recognisance IhaQ be extended, the fame be avoided or lhall not be avoided or delayed by occafion that any part of the delayed, lands or tenements extendible are or Ihall be omitted out of fuch extent; (a) laving always to the party and parties whole lands lhall be extended, his and their heirs, executors and affigns, his and their remedy for contribution against fuch perlon and perlbns, whole lands are or lhall be omitted out of luch extent -man time to time.

III.  Provided always. That this aft or any thing therein con- Provifo for tained lhall not be construed to give any extent or contribution heir* wit“n against any heir within the age of one and twenty years, during ***’

fuich minority of fuch heir, for or in refpeft of any lands to fuch heir dcfcended, farther or otherwife than might have been before die making of this aft.

IV.  Provided that this aft extend only to fuch lhtutes as are To what fla-or lhall be for payment of monies; and to luch extent as lhalltute*

be within twenty years after the ftatute, recognizance or judg- SJ'fcaScement had and obtained.  tend.

V.  Provided that this aft lhall continue for the fpace of three The coatinu*

years, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parlia- ance of this ment, and no longer. Made perpetual  23Car. 2. *&•

eaO. 2.  5 ®*P* **•

*Vent.»o+.

CAP. VI.  alnft. 39S.

Aa aft for repealing of part of an act of parliament, intituled,  ,, I+Car. s.

MroOing the froftaaioniffittb moreattotmuMeforJriseegoods.Direftion* c.,. for recovery of prise-good* not accounted for. The former aft repealed u to all admiral*, officer*, mariner* and foldier* at fea. The said aft not repealed a* to any oolleftort, treasurer*, dec. of fuch prize good*.

EXP.

CAP. VII.

A° aft for continuance of a former aft for regulating the prefi. EXP. 13 ft 14 Car.*.

CAP. VIII.  17Car.x.c.1.

An aS to prevent arrefts of judgment, and fitperfeding executions.

WHERE A S great delay, trouble and vexation hath been and This

ftill is occafioned to the people of this realm, as welt by arreft- ttndtdto’wnts ittg and reverfing of judgments, as by Jlayin executions by writs of%ffL g * error and fttperjedtas: (2) for remedy thereof, be it enafted by Ann*, c, to.

P 3  the  f. 7.

t <4 Anno decinio fexto & fcptimO Car6it n. 6.V. (iG6£

the King’s mod excellent majefty by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflfembled, and by the authority of the In Mitt court fame. That if any verdict of twelve men (hall be given m any m^raKer g a®*on» fait, bill or demand to be commenced from and after ▼erdift (hall (*vc and twentieth day of Mar thy which (hall be in the not be flayed year of our Lord one thoufafld fix hundred fixty and five, in tor default of any of his majefty’s courts of record at JPeftrtittftery or in the form in pkad- ^yffs of record in the counties palatine of Chefier* Lancafltr or 14*'  bterham,,  or in his majefty’s courts of the great lefiions in any

of the twelve (hires of  judgment  thereupon (hall not be

ftayed or reverfed, for default in form or lack of form; (3] or by reafon that there are not pledges, or but one pledge to pro-1 Mod; 19*. fecute, returned tipon the original writ; (4) or becaufe the 1 $alk. 37,38. dame of the (heriff is'not returned upon fuch original writ; (5) or for default of ending pledges upon any bill or declaration;

(6)  or for default of alledging the bringing into courtbf any bond, bill, indenture, or other deed whatsoever mentioned in Mod. caret in the declaration, or other pleading; (7) or for default of allc-*w *9h If6- gation of the bringing into court of letters teftamentary or letters of adminiftration; (8) or by reafon of the omiffion of vi V armiSy or contra pacem\ (9) or for or by reafon of the mi-ftaking of the chriftian name or fumame of the plaintiff or defendant, demandant or tenant, fum or fumsofmoney, day, month dr year, by the clerk, in any bill, declaration or pleading, whet the right name, fumame, fum, day, month or year, in any writ, plaint, roll or record preceding, or in the fame, roll or record where the miftake is committed, is or are once truly and rightly alledged, whereunto the plaintiff might have demurred and (hewn the fame for caufc ; f 10) nor for want of the averment of hoc par atm efi verificare; (1 x) or for hoc potato eft verificare per recordum ; (12) or for not alledging^ra/pout per recordum; (13) or for that there is no right vemie% foastbe caufe were tried by a jury of the proper county or place where the a&ion is laid ; (14) nor &ny judgment after verdift, con-fcflioh by cognovit aftionm, or rmftd verificatione^ (hall be re-verfed for want of mifericordta or capiatur; (15) of by realon that a capiatur is entered for a mifericordia, or a mifericordta is entred where a capiatur ought to have been entred 3 (16) nor for that ideo conceffum efi per curiam is entred for ideo confederation tfi per curiam; (17) nor for that the increafe of cofts after a vertufl in Fartherprovi- any adlion, or upon a nonfuit in replevin, are not entred to be /tom of this at the requeft of the party for whom the judgment is given; (18) nor by reafon that the cofts in any judgment whatfoeverarenot s&M.'c/it. entered to be by confent of the plaintiff; (19) but that at) fuch omilTions, variances, defects, and all other matters of like nature, not being against the right of the matter of the fuit, nor whereby the iflue or trial are altered, (hall be amended by the juilkcs or other judges of the courts where fuch judgments are or (hall be given, or whereunto the record is or (hall be removed by writ of error.  1  '*  '

II. PrO-

 L.ooQle

I&4*] Anno dedmo fexto& leptimo Caroli II. c.8»  215

II.  Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au- Provifo for ap_ thority aforefaid, That this aft, or any thing therein contain- P^**

:d, (haJU not extend to any writ declaration or fuit of appearJj^JJ, ’ ana[on* yf felony of murder, nor to any indiftment or prefentment ofjiawt, other felony, murder, treafon or other matter, nor to any procefs than for cu-jpon anyof them} (2.) norto any writ, bill, aftion or infor- jj®®1*9,1(1 fttb* nation upon any penal ftatute, other than concerning cuftoms1,dlpI* ind fbbfidics of tonnage and poundage ; any thing in this aft :ontained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

III.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefiud, in what cafe* That from and after the twentieth day of Marcb in the year of execution (hall mr Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and four, no execution "ot be.ftayed hall be ftayed in any of the aforeliud courts by writ of error or ror*but°upon Iuperftitas thereupon, after veidift and judgment thereupon, recognizance n any aftion perfonal wbatfoever, unlefsa recognizance with entred accord-rondkion according to the statute made in the third year of the infto 3 Jac* *• -eign of our late fovereign lord King , ftiall be first ac- cajthew i*t. tnowlcdged in the court where fuch judgment (hall be given ;

’a) and further. That in writs of error to be brought upon any udgment after verdift in any writ of dower, or in aftion,

>f tjtfiitne  firmatno execution (hall be thereupon or^hereby

flayed, unlefs the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch writ of error hall be bound unto the plaintiff in fuch writ of dower, or aftion )f  tjeflittufirmay in fuch realbnable fum as the court to which

uch writ of error (hall be directed (hall think Ik, with condition, ,n That if the judgment (hall Jbe affirmed in the said writ of error, 3  ’  *7**

vc that the laid writ of error be difcootinued in default of the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein, or that the (hid plaintiff or pjain-fiffs be nonniit in fuch writs of error. That then the (aid plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall pay fitch cofts, damages, and fum and Aims of money,- as (hall be awarded upon or after Inch judgment affirmed, difcontinuance or nonfuit had.

IV.  And to the end that the fame fum and fums and damages

may be afeertained, it is further enafted. That the court where- r (  _

in Rich execution ought to be granted upon fuch affirmation, ing judgment* difcontinuance or nonfuit, (hall jfiiie a writ to enquire as well in dower and of the mean profits as of the damages by any wafte committed ejedione ifter the first judgment in dower or in ejeftitne firma ; and up- A™** on the return thereof, judgment (hall be given, and execution swarded for fuch meftie profits and damages, and alfo for cofts of fuit.

V.  Provided, That this aft, nor any thing therein contained (hall not extend to any writ of error to be brought by any To what ac-executor or adminiftrator; (2) nor unto any aftion popular, tions this aft nor unto any other aftion which is or hereafter (haji be- brought,hal* not ex* upon any penal law or statute (except aftion $ of debt for nottend* fetting forth of tithes); (3) nor to any indiftment, prefentment, inquifition, information or appeal; any thing herein

before expreffetj to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding,

The continu. ance of thi$ aft.

OsH?

s iCar.i.c.1.

2 jC^r. 1,0.17.

Anno dcdmo fcptimo Caroli II. C.9—ti. [i66;j

VI.  Provided always. That this aft fhall continue io force for three years, and to the end of the next feflion of parliament after the expiration of the said three years, and no longer. Made perpetual by 22 & 23 Cgr. 2. c. 4.

CAP. IX.

An act to impower the chancellor of the duchy to grant cm* miffons for taking affidavits within the duchy liberties.

FOR the greater cafe and benefit of the inhabitants withia the county palatine of Lancafttr^ and other places within feveral other counties of this kingdom within the furvey of the court of duchy-chamber at Wejhmnfer% in the taking of affidmtt pi the country, to be made uie of, and read in caufes depending gnd to be depending within the (aid court; (2) be it eoafted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the chancellor of the laid duchy and county palatine of Lancajler for the time being, (hall and may by one or mo^commiifion or commiffions from time to time, as need mau require, impower what and as many persons as be (hall think fit and necefiary within the said county palatine and other duchy liberties, to tak? and receive all and every (bch affidavit or affidavits as any person or persons (hall be willing and defirous to make before any of the persons fo impowered, in or concerning any caufe, matter or thine depending, or hereafter to be depending, in the said court of duchy-chamber, as mailers of chancery in extraordinary do use to do; {3) which said affidavits (hall be filed in the office of the clerk ot the court of the duchy, and then be read and made use of in the (aid court to all intents and purpofes, as other affidavits taken m tbs said court now are.

II.  Provided, That for the taking of every fuch affidavit, the person or persons fo impowered and taking the fame, (hall for fo doing receive only the fum or fee of twelve pence, and no more.

CAP. X.

An act for continuance of a former aft for repairing the highways within the county of Hertfonl.

The toll taken atWades-mill, continued. Continued from November 170, for 15 years, by6Geo. 1 .e.10. For repairing the highway fromPuckeridgeto Barley, Caxton, Arrington-Bridge. A charge oflix pence in the pound for repairing the said highways. The collector oTthe toll, how to account week-*ly. Provifo touching the continuance or determining the laid toll. ProfijQ for adjudication of the amendment of the (aid highways. How the laid fix penoe in the pound (hall be paid and levied. Repealed as to the county of Hertfofd, by 6 Geo. 1. c. *4.

CAP. XI.

An act for draining of the fen called Deeping-Fen, and other foi^s therein

mentioned.

Deeping. Pinchbeck. Thprlby, Bourn and Croyland fens. A third port afligned and fet out to Thomas Lovell. A certain aft and decrees made for the said Thomas Lovell, repealed. Trufteet and undertakers made for draining the said fens. 6lean and Welland riven. Sufficient gates and bridges to be made. The powers of the said truflecs Ma lei takers. Glean, Welland, Wefiloae. What (ball be done

*€65'J Anno decimo feptimo Caroli II. c.1,2.  217

in cafe of gooles or breaches, or overflowings. Dozens, Hawthorn-bank, Ea&bank. Satisfaction for damage to particular perfons, bow to be made. Power to pull up bridges, drains. Ac. The said bridges, tunnels, See. how to be repaired. Spalding bridge. Preservation of the banks. Provifo for owners and commoners. Horfemen and cattle landing upon the banks. Swine, not to be pot on the fens.

Poor inhabitants, to be maintained by the truftees. Water fhall not be letjput of the river of Glean and Welland. The drain from Bofton-Bank tp Winfover. The proportion eftated upon the truftees and under* takers. The truftees fhall fence and inclofe the third part. See. The penalty upon negleftto drain the (aid fens within (evenyears, andfo after to keep and maintain them. South-Dozens and Hawtbbrne-bank. How meetings and by-laps may be made for management of the draining.

By whom rates and taxes may be made for the said work. How the' fame may be levied. Hop owners and commoners may improve and inclofe their fhares. Who may determine of boundaries, improvements and indofcres. Appeals in o&s pf adjudication. The oath to be taken by commiffioners. The places of commiffioners fitting. Their power and manner of proceeding.

cap. xn.

An act for making the river Avon navigable from Chrift-Church to the city of New Sarum.  I

Commiffioners to be appointed for making the river Avon navi-sable. Satisfaction to parties endamaged in any of their lands. Commiffioners for compounding with perfbns fo damnified. The power of the fafd commiffioners. How commiffioners dying or re-xumneing may be fupplied. The powers to make orders and conftitu-tions. To impofe penalties upon the breakers. Perfbns grieved may appeal to the joftices ofaffize. The undertakers to hare the taxes upon carts, carriages,, Ac. Penalties, hop to recover the fame. Drawing and haling of barges, Ac. upon the banks, provided for. No wharf to be within New Sarum.' The river, havens, Ac. to be under the furvey of the undertakers and commiffioners. Ptrfons fued for acting upon this aft may plead the general iffiie. Wiley river.

Anno decimo feptimo C A R o L1II. Regis.

AT the parliament begun at Weftminftcr the

day p/May one -tboufandJhc hundred Jixty-one, and by ^Oxford**** fivers prorogations * continued till the tbirty-firfi of O&ober 9 oa. 1665. 17 Car. 2.

CAP. I,

An act for granting foe fnm of twelve hundred and fifty thoufand pounds to the King's majefty, for his prefent further fupply. E$P. 19 Car. a. c.9.

CAP. II.

An oft for retraining non-conformijts firm inhabiting in corporations.

WHEREAS divers parfons, vicars^ curates, lefturers and other persons in holy orders, have not declared their unfeigned af-fent and confent to the use of all things contained and prtferibed in fbe hook of common prayer, and admimjiration of the facraments and fther rights and ceremonies of the churchy acceding to the use of fpe chifrch of England, or pave not fubferibed the declaration or acknowledgment

13 & 14 Car. v c. 4.

Perfons re-ft rained from inhabiting in {corporations.

The oath.

Rep. 5 Geo. 1. e. 6.

Atmo4«imo feptinto CaAgu Il.cdhr ' [1665.

knowledgemcnt contented in a certain a& of parliament made mi the fourteenth year of his Atajefty's reign, and intituled, An id for Ac uniformity of publick prayers and adminiftration of ftcraments and other rites and ceremonies, and for the eftabK(hirig die form of making, ordaining and confecratxng of bifhops, priefts and deacons in the church of England, according to the find aft or anj other fubfeatunt all. And whereas they or fome of them, and divers other perm and per fins not ordained according to the form of the church of England, and as have fines the a& of Miviom taken upon them to preach in unlawful nfemlies, conventicles or meetings, under colour or pretence of exercifi of religion, contrary to the laws and Jlatutcs of this kingdom, have fettled tbemfihts in divers corporations in England, fimetimes three or more of them in a place, thereby taking an opportunity to Sjtil the poifineus principles of fihijm and rebellion into the hearts of bis May eftfs fubjefls, to the great danger of the church and kingdom.  ....

XI.  Re it therefore enatSed by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by ahd with the advice and confent of the lords foiritual and temporal, and the common s^, in this preibnt parbameat artembtod, and by the authority of the fame. That the laid par-fons, vicars, curates, lecturers and other persons in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, or pretending to holy orders, and all ftipendaries and other perloas who have been pofleffed of any ecclefiaftical or fpiritual promotion, and every of them, who have not declared their unfeigned aflent and confent as afore-faid, and fubferibed the declaration aforefanl, and Audi not take and fubferibe the oath following 3

(2) T A. B. do /wear. That it is not lawful upon any pretence wbet-X foever to take arms agmnft the King-x and that / do abhor thot traiterous pofstion of taking arms by his authority against his perfon, or againjl thoje that are eommiflionatei by hmy in purfuonce of fucb ccmmiffmis; and that 1 will not at any time endeavour any alteration ofgovernment, either in church orft ate.

III.  And all fuch person and persons as (hall take upon them to preach in any unlawful aflemblv, conventicle ojurneeting, unaer colour or pretence of any exercise of religi onopntraqr to the laws and ftatutes of this kingdom ; ^2) (hall: not at ant time from and after the four and twentieth aay of Marui whicn fhall be in this prefent year of our Lord God one thouftnd fix hundred fixty and five, unlefs only in parting upon the road, come or be within five miles of any city or town corporate, or borough that fends burgefles to the parliament, within his Majcfty’s kingdom of England, principality of Wales, or of the tovyn of Berwick upon Tweed; (3) or within five miles of any parifh, town or place, wherein he or they have fince the a& of oblivion been parfon, vicar, curate, ftipendary or levfturcr, or taken upon them to preach in any unlawful afembly, conventicle or meeting, under colour or pretence of any exercise of religion, contrary to the laws and ftatutes of this kingdom j (4) before he or they h*ve taken imd fypfcriM the oath

aforefaid,

•Anno dedthft lc£fimo CaRoli ft.

4i 9

aforefaid, before the juftices of the peace at their quarter-fef-

fions to be holden for the county, riding or divifion next unto * ™  *•

the said corporation, city or borough, parifli, place or town, in

Open court, (which faia oath the (aid juftices are hereby im-

powered there to adminifter); (5) upon forfeiture for every tv pfna|^>i

fuch offence the fum of forty pounds of lawful  money;

the one third parf thereof to his Majesty and his fucceffors; the

other third part to the use of the poor of the parilh where the

offence fhaK be committed; and the other third part thereof to

fuch peffon or persons as (hall or will foe for the fatpe by action

of debt, plaint, bid or information, In any court of record at

H'eftmnfter, or before any juftices of aflize, oyer and Umdntr or

Sol-delivery, or before any juftices of the counties palatine of ujttr,  Lantafleror Durham, Or the juftices of the great-feflions

in WaltSy or before any jufticts of peace in their quarter-fef-ftons, wherein no eiloin, protection or wager of law ihall bo allowed.

IV.  Provided always, and belt furtherenaCted by the authority aforefaid, That h (hall not be lawful for any person or persons reftrained from coming to any City, - town corporate, borough, parifh, town or place, as aforefaid, or for any other per- .  ,

fon or persons as fhall not first take and fubfcribe the said oath, * ** ** ** and as (hall not freauent divine fervice eftabliihed by the laws s&6 Ed. 0. of this kingdom, and carry him or her fdf reverently, decent- c. 1. ly and orderly there, to teach any publick or private lchool, or *  c^»«

take any boarders or tablers that are taught or inftnufted by him *  ‘♦Car,*»

or her (elf, or any other j upon pain for every fuch offence to ‘ ** forfeit the fum of forty pounds, to be recovered and diftribut-ed, as aforefaid.

V.  Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall be lawful for any two juftices of the peace of the refpedive county, upon oath to them of any offence against this ad, which oath they are hereby impowered to adminifter, to commit the offender for fix months without bail 6t mainprize, unlefs upon or before fuch commitment, he (hall before the said juftices of the peace, fwear and fubfcribe the a-fbrefaid oath and declaration.

VI.  Provided always. That if any person intended to be reftrained by virtue of this ad, (hall without fraud or covin be ferved with any writ,fubpoena, warrant, or other procefs, whereby his perfonal appearance is required, his obedience to fuch w\tyfubpcena or procefs, (hall not be construed an offence against this ad.

CAP. IIL

An ail for uniting churches in cities and towns corporate.

FOrafmuch as the fettled brovifion for minijlers in mofi cities and Farther pro-towns corporate within this realm, is not fufficient for the main- •videdfor by t(nance of able minijlers fit for fuchplaces, whereby mean andJlipend- 4 & 5 w- & dry preachers are entertained, to ferve the cures there \ who wholly ’ c’ v depending for their maintenance upon the good-will and liking of their " '  *’ c *  auditory

; 

2*0

Xu what cities and towns, and how, churches and chapels may be waited.

Mod. Cafes in law 5,6.

Panfltes fhaH

Tcmiin (tilt

norwithrtand-tuch union

Anoo cfeeimo fepdmo CAJtOH IL C.3.  [i66p,

auditors, have ban and are thereby under temptation of too much emptying and justing their do&rine and teaching to the bummer rather than good of their auditors, which hath been a great occafienof faction and fcbifmy and of the contempt of the miniflry: (a) Tie sards and commons in parliament ajfembledy being deeply fmjme of theilL confequence thereof and pioujty defiring able minifiers in ftcch places* and a competent fettled maintenance for them by the union of churches $. which is alfo become netejfary, by reafon of the great ruin of mamp churches and parijbes in the late ill timesy and otherwise j do therefore mod humhly beieech your moft excellent Majesty, That it may be ena&ed; (3) and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lord! fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefimt parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in every city or town corporate and them liberties within the kingdom of England and dominion of Wales,, which have % mayor and aldermen, and particular juftices of the peace by charter or cornmillion, or bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief officer or officers, and other affiftants, by like charter; and where two or more churches or chapels, or a church and a chapel, and the parifhes thereunto belonging, do lie within the laid corporation or liberties ^hereof, convenient to be united: In fech Cafes the biuiop of the diocefe where filch parifh and parifhes are, with the confent of the mayor, aldermen and juftices of the peace, bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief officer or officers, or the-major part of them, and of the patron or patrons of fuch church or churches, chapel or chapels, (hall or may according to due form of law unite the Tain churches or chapels, or church and chapel, or any of them; (4) and (hall appoint at which church or chapel, churches or chapels, the said parilh-ionersand inhabitants of the said parifhes or places, to which the said churches or chapels or churcn and chapel do belong, fhafl ufually meet for the worfhip of God, and which of the hid churches or chapels or church or chapel (hall be united and annexed unto the other, which (hall be the church prefentadve, unto which al] prefentations (hall thereafter be only made, and unto which the parifhioners (hall refort as their proper church j

(5)  and after fuch order made, the (aid churches or chapels or church and chapel (hall accordingly for ever (land united: And the parifhioners, landholders and inhabitants of the said parifhes and places belonging to fuch churches or chapels or church and chapel fo united and annexed, (hall as they or any of them become void, and from thenceforward, pay all fuch tithes and other duties as belong or did belong to the incumbent of any of the said churches or chapels or church and chapel fo united and annexed, unto the incumbent of the said prefentative church or chapel, unto which the said other churches or chapds or church or chapel (hall be fo united and annexed.

II.  And it is hereby alfo enabled. That notwithftanding any fuch union to be rpade by virtue hereof each of the parifhes fo united (hall continue diftinct, as to all rates, taxes, parochi^

rites,

1665.] Anno deamo fdptinaoCAROLi II. c.g.'  221

rites, charge* and duties, and all other privileges** liberties and of churcties. trfoeds whatfoever, otherthan what is herein before-mentioned Carthew 23S. and Specified; andchurch-wardensfoall beele&ed and appointed for eaqh pariih, as they were before fuch union made.  *

.  111. And it is further enaded and provided. That where one How ^

or more of the said churches or chapels *or church and chapel, fo when fucb united and annexed, (hall be full at the time of making fuch tnritifwftali union. That then the said union (hall take effeA for every fuch takc church or chapel, upon the first avoidance afterfuch union made: 1 *.

(a) And that the fevcral patrons of the said churches and chst- And how fe-pels fo united, (hall and may prefent by turns to that church vcral patrons only which, (hall remain and be prefentative, from time to time, ^a11 in luch order, as the said bi(hop, with the confent of the said 7*0™ mayor, aldermen and juftices of peace, bailiff or bailiffs, or other chief officer or officers within fuchpariihes, or the major part of them, and of the patron or patrons of fuch church or churches, chapel or chapels, (hall determine and decree, for the prefejrvation of their refpedtive rights therein, refpeeft being therein had to the difference of the values, of the yearly maintenance belonging to fuch churches or chapels or any of them; (3) faving unto the King’s majefty, his heirs and fuc-ccfiorg, all the tenths and firft-fruits of all fuch churches ahd chapels fo to be united, according to the rates and valuations at which the said churches and chapels are rated and valued in die office of firft-fruits and tenths, in his Majesty’s court of .exchequer; and alfb referving all procurations and penfions to all pemns to whom they are now and have been formerly, or (hall be hereafter, due and payable \ any thing herein contain- * j* < ed notwithllanding.

IV.  Provided Sways, That no union of parifhes or places How unions 10 be made by virtue of this a<5t (hall commence or be effectual muft be regi-in law, until it be regiftredin the regifter-book of the bi(hop of Krcd-

the diocefe, which the regifter is hereby required to do.

V.  Provided always, That no union made by virtue hereof, Parifliw bav-ihall be good and effectual where the fettled maintenance be- 100 J* longing to the parfons, vicars and incumbents of the church or m*ynn^ ^ chapel or churches or chapels fo united, (hall exceed the fum united*

of one hundred pounds per annum clear and above all charges and reprifes; unlefs the refpedive parifhioners, or the major part them, under their hands defire btherwife.

VI.  Provided always, and be it enafted. That every minifter incumbents of fettled as aforefaid the incumbent of any church or chapel, or fuch united churches and chapels united according to this (hall be the parifhes muft .full and lawful incumbent thereof to all intents and purpofes, of tfieuntver-fo as fuch minifter be a graduate in one of the univerfities of this kingdom.

VII.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Ovraen of im.

That every owner or proprietor, owners or proprietors of any propriations impropriation, tithes or portion of tithes, in ahy parifh or cha- ^nejT ,pelry within the kingdom of England or dominion of Wales* is, maintenance are and (hall be, by .virtue of this inabled and-jmpowered tothechurch-*  .  6  to

lit

cs where they lie.

Without licence of mort<

Parfons and ▼icart not having fettled mean! of tool* jptr annum, may purchase and annex lands or rents without licence of mort-

13 k 14 Car. •• «• 33*

Three printed cppies of every book in London, how to be difpofed.

£ooks printed in the univer-

lities.

Anno dedmo ieptfiHo Caroli II. t.4.  J166f.

to give Or beftow, unite and annex the fame, ot any part thereof, unto the parfonage or vicarage of the said parim-churcb or chapel where the fame do lie or arife, or fettle the fame in tnm for the benefit of the said parfonage or vicarage, or of the curate and curates there fucceflively, where die parfonage ii impropriate and no vicar enddwcd, according to his or their re-foedtivo eftates, without any licence of mortmain ; any law or statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII. And be it further enadted. That if the fettled maintenance of fuch parfonages, vicarages, churches and chapeb fo united, of of any other parfonage or vicarage with cure, in the kingdom of England or dominion of fffles, mail not amount to the hill him of one hundred pounds per annum clear and t-bove all chargee and reprifes; that then it fhall be lawful for the parfon, vicar and incumbent of the fame, and his fucceffors, to take, receive and purchase to him and his fucceflors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes or other hereditaments, without any licence of mortmain j any l*w or statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. IV.

An a£t for continuance of a former att for regulating tbeprefi.

BE it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefrnt parliament atiembJed, That an.adl made in the fourteenth year of the reign of our fo-yereign ford t^e King that now is, intituled, An ait for prewiring abufes in printing /editions, treasonable and unlicensed books sad pamphlets, aHd for regulating of printing and printing prejes; ftall be continued with the alterations and additions made in and for this adjfc, and fhall remain in force until the end of the first fcf-fion of the next parliament. EXP.

II. And be it further enadted. That from and after the fix and twentieth day of :December one thoufand fix hundred fixty-five, every printer within the city of London or in any other place, except the two univerfities, fhalh referve three printed copies of the beft and largeft paper of every book new printed or reprinted by him with additions; and fhall, before any pub-lick vending of the laid book, bring them to the matter of the company ot ftationers, and deliver them to him; one whereof fhall by the said mafter of the said company of ftationers, within ten days after he hath fo received the fame, be delivered to the keeper of his Majcfty’s library, and the other two within the said ten days to be fent to the vice-chancellors of the two univerfities refpccHvely, for the use of the publick libraries of the said univerfities.

III. And it is further enabled. That the printers in the said univerfities, and every of them refpe&ively, from and after the said fix and twentieth day of December fhall deliver one fuch printed copy as aforefaid, of every book fo new printed or reprinted

 ^■ooQle

1665.) Anno decimo feptimo Carou II. c.5,6.  22  2

einted In the said univerfities, or-in either of them, to the cperof his Majesty’s library at aforefaid, as alfo to the viee^ chancellor of either of the (aid univerfities for the time being, two other fuch printed copies for the use of the publick libraries .df the (hid univerfities refpedtively. (a) And if any of the printers aforefaid, or the said mailer of the company of ftationers, lb all not obferve the diredtion of this ad therein, that then he and they fo making default in not delivering the said printed copies as aforefaid, (hall feverally forfeit, befides the wtfue of the said printed copies, the fum of five pounds for every copy tiot ib delivered, as alfo the value of the fidd printed copies not fo delivered: The fame to be recovered by hit Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the Chancellor, matters and fcho-!ars of either of the said univerfities refpedtivdy, by aAionOf debt, bill, plaint or information in &ny of his Majelty’ls courts of record at tVeflminJhr^ wherein no eflpin protection or wager of law (half be allowed.

CAP. V.

a£t for attainting Thomas Doleman, Jofeph Bampfield and Thomas  1

Soot of high treafon, if they render not themfelves by a day.

CAP. VI.

An act for taking away of damage deer.  {

WHEREAS the monies which art tain by protbonotaries g/'Fees.

your Majestys courts of King's bench and commonplcas, and by the eleri of your Majesty s court of exchequer at Weftminfter, and the protbonotary of your Majesty's court of common pleas <z/Lan-cafter, and the protbonotaries and clerks of other yotur Majesty's courts within the realty of England and dominion <f Wgtes, in the name of Damna Clericorum, or damage clecr9 are an unneetjjary charge Damna Clerr-and burden to all your Majejly's fubjefls who have good cauje, and are corum. put to fue for damages in actions where damages are recoverable :

II.  For the avoiding of which inconveniencies for the future, and that your Majesty’s fubjedts may have an eafier means for the recovery of their damages and juft rights which are unjuft-Iv detained from them: May it pleafe your mod excellent Maje-ny that it may be enadted ; and the King’s mod excellent ma-jefty, being willing upon all oqpfions to eafe his fubjedts of all unneceffary charges and burdens, is gracioufly pleafed, That it be enadted; (2) and be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual^and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That immediately from and Shall deter-after the twenty^ninth day of September, which (hall be in the  atler

year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred feventy-two, no da- the 29th d.i^ mage deer (hall by any title or precept whatfoever be due, pay- of September able, taken or received from any person or persons in any adtion i67*« . whatfoever, fued or profecuteo in any of his Majeftf s courts at lVeftminfter% or el(cwhere within the kingdom of England, or domiuion of IFales, by any prothonotary, clerk or clerks, or

other

Anno detimo lepdmo Caroli 11. c.7.  [1665.'

other officer or officers of the laid courts refpedfively: (3) And that from and after the day and year aforefaid, the £ua fee af Damna Qericorum, or damage deer, (hall wholly ceafe and be for ever abolifhed in the said courts; (4.) and that if any protho-notary, cleric or clerks* or other officer in any of the (aid courts, ihaU take or exadt any sum or sums of money in the name of Damna Clericarum, or damage deer, or any thing in lieu thereof after the day and year above-mentioned; (5) or if any of the said prothonotaries, clerk or clerks, or their deputies, at any time before the (aid twenty-ninth day of September in the year aforeiaid, (hall exadt or take any damage deer, or fum of money, bond or fccority in lieu thereof, from any plaintiff or plaintiffs, demandant or demandants, in any adtion where damages have been or hereafter (hall be recovered in any of the laid courts;

(6)  or (hall refufe or delay to fign any judgment until damage cleer be first paid by the plaintiff or demandant (which are not to be paid, unlefs forth of the monies levied from, or paid by the defendants, as is herein after provided and mentioned); The peaalty. (7) he or they fo offending (hall forfeit treble the fum fo taken, exadted or demanded, to the party or parties grieved, to be recovered by bill, plaint or information in any of the said courts, wherein no efibin, protedtion or wager of law (hall be allowed. In what cafe* III. Provided, and be it further enadted, That until the nine only they may and twentieth day of Septemb, which (hall be in the year of the*th of our God one thouland fix hundred feventy and two, add ’ no longer, the damage cleer (hall be paid, anfwered and aUow-ibji.  ed, out of fuch fum and fums^of money only, as (hall be adhi-

ally levied, or otherwife paid by or from the defendants, and , only for the proportion or the turn and fums of money which (hall be fo levied or otherwife paid as aforefaid, and no more, or otherwife.

CAP. VII.

jin aft for a more fptedy  effectual proceeding upon

diftrejfes and avowries for rents.

FOrafmuch as the ordinary remedy for arrearages of , is by diflrefs upon the lands (barge able  ; and yet  neverthe-

less by reajon of the intricate and dilatory proceedings upon replevins, that remedy is become ineffefluahn Plaintiff in re- II. For remedy thereof, it is enadted by the King’s moft e%-P,eVf" bKi^ cellent majefty, with the advice and afient of the lords fpiritual 3?ue ioin(rf?re an<* temPoraU and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by authority of the fame. That whenfoever any plaintiff in replevin (hall be nonfuit before i(Tue joined, in any fuitof replevin by plaint or writ lawfully returned, removed or de-Howthede- pending, in any of the King’s courts at Weflnunfter, That the fcndant may defendant making a fuggeftion in nature of an avowry or cog-•vow. nizance for fuch rent, to afeerrain the court of the caufe of diftrefs, the court upon his prayer fhall award a writ to the fhe-riff of the county where the diftrefs was taken, to enquire by •............................................ -  u  .  ■... ••  the

6^5/J  .  Anno.  decimafeptimo  Caroli  II. 0 7.  a5

the oaths of twelve good and lawful men of his bailiwick, touching the fum in arrtarrat .the time of fuch diftrefs taken, and the vpl,uq of the goods ‘or cattle diftrained : (2) And thereupon notice of fifteen days (hall be given to the plaintiff or his ^ttojrneyfincourt, of the fitting of fuch enquiry; (3) and thereupon the (fyeriff (hall inquire of the truth of the matters contained,in fuch writ, by the oaths of twelve good and lawful men of Ins county : (4) And upon the return of fuch Lnquifttion, the defendant (hall have judgment to recover againff the plaintiff the arrearages of fuch rent, in cafe the goods or cattle,diftrained fliaU amount unto that value : (5) And in cafe they fhall not amount to that value, then fo much^s the value of ,th£ said goods and cattle fo diftrained (hall amount unto, together with his full cods of fuit; (6) and (hall have execu-tipn thereupon by Fieri facias ox Ekgitf. or otbcrwife as the law (I14II require. (7) And in cafe fuch plaintiff (haft be non- The plaintiff fuit after cognizance or avow™ made, and iflue joined, or if "vowiTMdc the verdift (hall be given against fuch plaintiff; then the jurors  *

that are impannellefTor returned to inquire of fuch ifliie, (hall at the prayer of the defendant inquire cqnceming the fum of the arrears, and the value of the goods or cattle diftrained :

(8) And thereupon the avowant, or he that makes cognizance, fhall have judgment for fuch arrearages, or fo much thereof as the goods or cattle diftrained amount unto, together with his full cofts, and (hall have execution for the fame by Fieri facias or Ekgitf or ofberwife, as the law (hall require, '

III.  * And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, judgment up-That if judgment in any of the courts aforefiaid be given up- on demurrer on demurrer for the avowant, or him that maketh cogni-for thc avo*" zance for any renti the court (hall at the prayer of the defend- ant‘

ant award a writ to inquire of the value of fuch diftrefs ; (2) and upon the return thereof judgment (hall be given for the avowant, or.him that makes’cognizance as aforefaid, for the arr&rs alledged to be behind in fuch avowry or cognizance, if the goods or cattle fo diftrained (hall amount to that value ; and in cafe they (hall not amount to that value, then for fo much as the said goods or cattle fo diftrained amount unto, together with his full cofts of fuit, and (hall have like execution-as aforefaid.

IV.  Provided always, and be it enacfted. That in all cafes aforefaid, where the value of the cattle diftrained as aforefaid,

(hall not be found to be to the full value of the arrears diftrained for, that the party to whom fuch arrears were due, his executors or adminiftrators, may from time to time dtftrain again for the refidue of the said arrears. Extended to Wales and the counties palatine, by xyCar. 2. c. 5.

vol. vm.

cap.

 v^,ooQle

Anno decimo oftavo Carol! 11. c.1,2.  [i66f

cap. vm.

An alt for avoiding fiats and Death of either T^OR the avoiding of unneeeflary fuits and delay*, be it e-the^ *Saeen na&ed by the Kang’s mod excellent majefty, by and with and'judgment. *^e advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and 1 Lev. 177. commons, in thisprefent parliament aflembled, and by autho-Salk s. rity of the fame, That in all actions perfonal, real or mlxt, the

* ^eb’  death of either party between the verdict and the judgment, (haH

*  ern.ca.no. not jj^after be alledgcd for error, fo as fuch judgment be en-

tered within two terms after fuch verdift.

Judgment ob- II. And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefaid, where tained by an any judgment after a verdidt fhall be had, by or in the name o any. executor or adminiftrator; in fuch cafe an adminiftrator de s Salic. 313. bonis non may fue forth a fare  and take execution upon

fuch judgment.

The continu- III. This ad to continue for the fpace of five yean, and ance of this from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament.

*“*  perpetual by 1 Jac. 2. c. 17. f 5.

»  CAP.  IX.

An ad for granting one month'* aflcflinent to hi* Majesty,

Anno decimo o&avo Caroli fecundi Regis.

• On lie nBit  A T the feffton of the fame parliament by divers proroga-

tmued"w the* aa. Hons held at Weftminftcr one tboufand fix hundred

tenth day of fixty-fix, AlUlO 18 Car. 2.*

O3obit% Am*

decimo mm.  C  A  P  I

An aft fo«r railing monies by a poll, and otherwife, "towards the maintenance of the prefent war, EXP.

CAP. II.

An aB against importing cattle from Ireland and other porta

beyond the seas, and fijh taken by foreigners.

15 Car. a. c. 7. ^[X/Hereas by an act of tbis prefent parliament, intituled, An act for V V the incouragement of trade, amongft other tbingSyfome pro-vifion was made for the preventing of coming in of vaft numbers of cattle, whereby the rents and values of the land of this kingdom were much fallen, and like, daily to fall more, to the great prejudice, detriment and impoverijbment of this kingdom; which nevertbelefs hath by experience been found to be ineffeflual \ and the continuance of any im-portationy either of the lean or fat cattle, dead or alivey herein after fpccifedy not only unneceffaryy but very dejlruftive to the welfare of this kingdom: (2) be it therefore enafted by the King’s nooft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent p*r-.  liament

1666.)  .  Anno  dedmo  oAavo  Caroli  II* c.2-  _  227

liament aflfembled, That fuch importation from and after the Importat oa fecond day of February in this prefeat year one thoufand fix of cattle a hundred fixty and fix, is a publick and common nufiuice, and  nU"

(hall be fo adjudged, deemed and taken to be to all intents and purpofes whatlbever. (3) And that if any great cattle, (heep Enforted by to or (wine, or any beef, pork or bacon (except for the necefiary Car. *..c. 7. provifion of the refpeftive (hips or vefieh in which the fame r'

Audi be brought, not expofing the fame or any part thereof to fide) (hall from and after the laid fecond day of February, by any wife whatfoever, be imported or brought from beyond fea$ 6. W&"M.c.s* Into this kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of **

Berwick upon Tweed-, that then it (hall and may be lawful for any conftable, tithingman, headborough, churchwardens or ovtrfcers of the poor, or any of them, within their refpeftive liberties, parifhes or places, to take and feize the fame, (4) and keep the fame during the fpace of eight and forty hours in fbme publick or Convenient place where fuch feizure '(hall be made; within which time, if the owner and owners, or any for them or him, (hall make it appear unto fome juftice of the peace of the fame county where the fame (hall be fo feized, by the oath of two credible witnefies; which oath the said juftice of peace is hereby impowered and required to adminifter, that the lame were not imported from Ireland, or from any other place beyond the seas, not herein after excepted, after the said fecond day of February; then the fame upon the warrant of fuch juftice of peace (hall be delivered without delay: (c) but The penalty, in default of fuch proof and warrant, then the fame to be forfeited : one half thereof to be difpofed to the use of the poor of the pariih where the fame (hall be fo found or feized; the other half to be to his or their own use that (hall fo feize the fame.

II.  And for the better encouragement of the filhery of this Encourage-kingdom, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That mentof filhery, if any ling, herring, \Cod or pilenard, frefh or falted, dried or f bloated, or any falmons, eels or congers, taken by any foreign-

ers, aliens to this kingdom, (hall be imported, uttered, fold or expofed to fale in this kingdom; that then it (hall and may be lawful for any person or persons to take and feize the fame; the one half thereof to be difpofed of to the use of the poor of the pariih where the fame (hall be fo found or feized; the other half to his or their own use which (hall fo feize the fame.

III.  Provided always. That nothing in this aft (hall be con-

ftrued to hinder the importation of cattle from the ijle of Man  of iwtaaa,

in this kingdom of England, fo as the number of the said cattle do not exceed fix hundred head yearly: (2) and that they be not of any other breed than of the breed of the ifle of Man;

(3) and that they be landed at the port of Cbejler, or fome of the members thereof, and not elfcwhere.

IV.  This aft to continue until the end of feven years, and from thence to the end of the first feffion of the next parliament. Made perpetual by TiCar. 2. c. 2. f 2.

Q.2  CAP,

 t^ooQle

228

Anno dedmo o&avo Caroli II. C.3*—5.’  [1666.

CAP. III._

An act to continue a former aft for presenting of theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England, ijfc 14Car.*. \ T7HERE AS an aft was made in the fourteenth year of the ftt&toCar.*.  r(dgn  of  our  fovereign  lord the King that now is, mUtuled,

i Jac.». c. 14! An act for preventing of theft and rapine upon the northern 7 5c 8 VV. 3. borders of England; which aft is very near expiring, and hath been w found very necejjary for the prefervation of those places, from that **6m 15 *3* great number of lewd, diforderly and lawlefs perfons, /Art ufuafly xpGeo. 1.c. 17. frequented thereabouts: (a) be it therefore enadted by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, That the said a61, and every claufe and claufes therein contained, and all and every the powers and au-thorities* thereby given, be, continue and remain in force, until the end of feven years from the expiration or determination of the forementioned adl.

Clergy taken H. And be it further enadled by the authority aforelaid, away from no-That the benefit of clergy (hall be taken away from great* toriousthieves known and notorious thieves and fpoil-takers in the said coun-b^and and Xlcs NorthumberlandCumberland, or either of them, during Cumberland. t^e continuance of this prefent a6t, who (hall be duly convi&ed for theft done or committed within the said counties, or either of them: (2) or otherwife, that it (hall arid may be lawful to and for the juftices of the aflize, and commimoners of oyer and terminer, or gaol-delivery, before whom fuch offenders ihall be convidled within the laid counties, or either of them, to tranfport or caufe to be tranfported the said offenders, and every of them, into any of his Majesty’s dominions in America, there to remain, and not to return; any former law, statute or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithflanding. Continued tiU li/June 1751, &c. by 17 Geo. 2. c. 40.

CAP. IV.

An a61 for burying in woolen only.

Woolen manufactures encouraged. Repealed by 30 Car. a. flat. 1. c. 3. And farther prow fans made relating thereto by that aft. None (hall be buried but in woolen. The penalty. Provifo tor persons dying of the plague.

CAP. V.

Jn a£l for encouragi

4&5W.&M. TXTHERE AS it is obvi, That tbt plenty of current coins tf «• *+.  VV gold and ftlver of this kingdom is of great advantage to treat

end tomnurce; for the  tncreafewhereof your in your prince-

ly wifdom and care hath been gracioujly pleafed to bear out of yoter Encourage- revenue half the charge of. the coinage of  money;  (2) for the p te-

nant tar venting of which charge to your Majeity, and the encourage? an^lver^0'*11T)ent  bringing  gold  and filver into the realm, to be

t£e realm,,Ut° '^converted into the current money of this your Majesty’s kingdom.

1666^3 Annodccimo o&avo Caroli II. c.5.  229

doini wc your Majesty’s dutiful and loyal fubjetfs do give and grant unto your Majesty the rates, duties or impofitions following, and do befeech your Majesty that it may be enafted; (3) and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, that whatfoever perfort or perfons, native or foieigner, alien or ftranger, (hall from and after the twentieth day of December one thoufand fix hundred fixty and fix, bring any foreign coin, plate or bullion of gold or filver, Silver or gold in malis, molten or allayed, or any fort of manufacture of gold bcouned?1 *** or filver, into his Majesty’s mint or mints within the kingdom of England, to be there melted down and coined into the cur* rent coins of this kingdom, (hall have the fame there afTayed, melted down and coined with all convenient fpeed, without any defalcation, diminution or charge for the allaying, coinage or wafte in coinage: (4) fo as that for every pound trey of crown or ftandard gold that (hall be brought in and delivered by him or them to be allayed, melted down and coined, as aforefaid, there (hall be delivered out to him or them refpeCtively, a pound troy of the current coins of this kingdom, of crown or ftandard gold : (5) and for every pound troy of fterling or ftandard filver that fhall be brought in and delivered by him or them to be allayed, melted down and coined, as aforelaid, there fhall be delivered out to him or them refoeftively, a pound troy of the current coins of this kingdom, of fterling or ftandard filver, and fo proporfionably for a greater or leffer weight; (6) and for every pound troy of gold or filver that fhall be brought in and delivered to be allayed, melted down and coined, as aforefaid, that fhall be finer upon affay than crown gold or ftandard filver, there fhall be delivered for the fame fo much more than a pound troy as the fame doth in proportion amount unto in fine-nefs and value: (7) and for every pound troy of gold or filver that fhall be brought in and delivered to be allayed, melted' down and coined, as aforefaid, that fhall be coarfer or bafer upon allay, or worfe in value than crown gold or ftandard filver, there fhall be delivered for the fame fo much lefs than a pound troy as the fame doth fall fhort in finenefs or value, and fo for a greater or lefTet quantity.

II. And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore- There fhall be laid. That there fhall be no preference in point of allaying or no undue pre-coinage; but that all gold and filver brought in and delivered fcrcnce> but into the mint, to be anayed and coined, fhall be aflayed, coin- Sal? be del?, ed and delivered out to the refpedtive importers, according toVered oiitm the order and times of bringing in and delivering the fame in- order, to the mint or mints, and not otherwife; fo as he that fhall SeeSW.j.e.n first bring in and deliver any gold or filver to be coined, fhall ‘ 3‘ be taken and accounted the first petfon to have the fame allayed, coined and delivered; and he or they that fhall bring in 2nd deliver any gold or filver next, to be accounted the fecond

Penalty.

preference.

*30  Anno  decimo odavoCaroli II. C.5.  [j66A.

perfon to have the fame aflayed, coined and delivered, and fo fucceflively in courfe : (2) and that the gold and filver brought in and coined, as aforefaid, (hall be in the fame order delivered to the refpe&ive bringers in thereof, their executors, admhxi-ftrators or a (liens fucceflively, without preference of one before the other, ana not otherwile : (3) and if any undue preference be made in entring of any gold ot filver, or delivering out of any money coined, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a<51, by any officer or officers of the mint or mints; then, the party or parties offending (hall be liable by adbon oif debt or on the cafe, to pay the value of the gold or filver brought in, and not entred ana delivered according to the true intent^ meaning and direction of this a<tt, as aforefaid, with damages and cofts to the party or parties grieved, and (hall be fore-judged from his or their place or office: (4) and if fuch preference be unduly made by any his or their deputy or deputies, clerk or clerks, without direltion or privity of his or their mafter or matters, then fuch deputy or deputies, clerk or clerks only (hall be liable to fuch action, damage and cotts, as aforefaid, and be for ever after incapable of ferving or faring office in any mint in the kingdom of England.

What (hall not III. Provided always. That it (hall not be interpreted any be an undue undue preference, to incur any penalty, in point of delivery of monies coined, if the officer or officers, or their deputies or clerks, (hall deliver out or pay any monies coined to any per-fon or persons that do come and aemand the fame upon fubfe-quent entries, before others that did not come to demand their monies in their order and courfe, fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy them, which (hall not be otherwHe dif-pofed of, but kept for them.

IV. And for the more orderly and clear performance thereof, be it enabled, and it is hereby ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the matter-worker of his Majeft/s mint or mints for the time being, (hall at the time of the delivery and entry of any gold or filver in the said mint or mints, give unto the bringer or bringers in thereof to be coined, a bill under his hand denoting the weight, finenefs and value thereof, together with the day and order of its delivery into the said mint or mints. There (hall be V. And for the further encouragement and affurance of fuch no frizure or as (hall bring any gold cr filver into his Majesty’s said mint or forfeiture, Arc. mints to be coined; (2) be it ena&ed, and it is hereby ena&cd flver^brought ty t^le authority aforefaid. That no confifcation, forfeiture, fei-into be coined, sure, attachment, flop or reftraint whatfoever (hall be made in the (aid mint or mints, of any gold or filver brought in tQ be coined, for or by reafon of any imbargo, breach or the peace, letters of mart or reprifal, or war within any foreign nation, or upon any other account or pretence whatfoever; (3) but that all gold and filver brought into any of hisMajefty*s mint or mints within the kingdom of England to be coined, (hall truly and with all convenient fpced be coined and delivered out to the refpevttive bringcr or bringers in thereof, their refpe&ive executors,

m666>]' Anno decimo obtavo Carol* II. c.5.  331

crotors, adminiftrators or affigns, according to the rules and di-regions of this a<51.

VI.  Jnd  whereas it cannot be reafinaUyexpeQed, that the ex- An impofition

pint*) wafte and charge in ajfaying, melting-down and coinage, be let upon wines, born by your Majesty,and for the further encouragement rfwnepr, cyder coinage) (2) be it enabled, and it is hereby enabled by the au- >m* thority afbrefaid, That for every ton of wines, vinegar, cyder AUcrtdly $ or beer, that (hall be imported or brought into the port of Lon- Car. *.c. t.as dan, or into any other port, creek or place within die kingdom to tbe times ef of  England,dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon

"Tweed, from any parts beyond the Teas, or Scotland, from and wl£m.&c. sifter the twentieth day of December in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and fix, there (hall be levied, collected and paid the fum of ten (hillings; (3) and for every ton Brandy.wine, df brandy-wines or ftrong-waters that fiiaU be imported as a- ftrong-watw. bovefaid, the fum of twenty-(hillings; (4) and fo proportion-»My for a greater or lefler quantity, to be levied, collected and paid at the refpebtive cuftom-houfes to the collectors and other officers of the cuftoms for the time being, at the importation of the (aid commodities, over and above all other duties charged, leviable and payable upon the said commodities, and to be

S’ them di(tingui(hed and kept apart from all other monies by cm collected and levied upon the (ante commodities, or upon any other commodities or merchandizes whatfoever; (5) and to be by the said collector or collectors refpeftively fo anfwered hnd paid quarterly into the receipt of the exchequer of your Majesty* your heirs and fuccelibrg, there alfo to be kept diftinft and apart from all other monies arifing by the cuftoms, or by any other way or revenue whatioever; which said duty they are hereby enjoined to receive and pay according to the feveral directions of this aft, without any falary or fee.

VII.  And be it further enabled ana declared by the authority afbrefaid. That all manner of wines, vinegar, cyder, beer, brandy-wines and ftrong-waters imported as aforefaid, (hall pay their feveral and refpebtive duties impofed by this aft; and upon non-

amnent thereof (hall be liable to fueh and the fame pains, pedes and forfeitures, as in and by the late adts for tonnage and poundage, and for frauds, are enabled and appointed, upon non-payment of the duties by the said ads impofed upon goods and merchandizes of the fame nature with thole mentioned in this aft.

VIII.  Provided always, and it is hereby enabled. That for 7Geo.i.ft*t.x, what of the aforefaid commodities (hall be tranfported into any c. »i. f. 10. parts beyond the seas, within the term and fpace of one year after the importation thereof, that the duty paid by this aft for the fame (hall be repaid by the refpebtive collectors of the cuftoms for the time being.

IX.  And it is hereby further cnafted. That no monies levi- Monje |evil„ able and payable by this aft (hall be applied or converted ue u'” to any use or ufes whatfoever, other than to the defraying the aft (hall be «m-charge and expence of the mint or mints, and of the allaying, ployed only to

Q.4  meli>

 ^-ooQle

*3*

the use of the min?.

Altered by 4/ Ann. c. 11

Anno dedmo o£fcavo Carol! II. c.5; [j666.

melting.down, wafte and coinage of * gold and filvet, and the encouragement of the bringing in of gold and filver into the said mint or inintsvthere toT be coined, iota the current coips of this kingdom; (2) nor (hail any of the said monies be iflued out of the exchequer, but by order or .warrant of the lord trea-furer and under-treafurer, or.comrruffioners of the treafury for the time being, to the matter and worker, or makers and workers of your Majesty’s iriint xxr mints for the time being, .and mentioning, that they are for the ufe,and fervice aforcfaid,tobe kept in his Majesty’s office of receipt in the (aid mint or mintd, under the pfual keys of the warden, matter and worker, and. comptroller for the time being, and iffued out thence from time to time, according to the manner and courfe of the ftid mint or mints refpe&ively.*  * .

X.  And it is hereby further ena&ed, That there,(hall not bo iffued out of the exchequer of the said monies in any one year, for the fees and falaries of the officers of the mint or mints, and towards the providing, maintaining and repairing of the houfes, offices and buildings and other ncctfiaries for allaying, melting down and coining, above the fum of tljree thoufand pounds fterling money, and the overpli&of the said monies fo kept or to be kept asaforefaid, ffiajl.be employed for and towards the expence, watte and charge of ^flaying, melting down and coihage, and buying in of gold and filver to coin, and not btherwife.

___________ XL And laftly, be it enacted■, and it is hereby ena&ed by

anceofthis aft. the authority aforefaid, .That this aft.fluU continue and in a 5 Car. i. c. 8. force tjie twentieth day of December which (hall in the year ftued by 9°Geo. our ^ord Qne thoufand fix hundred feventy-one, and until x. c. 19^ and the end of the first ieffion of parliament then next following and iGco.i.c.ia. no longer.

Piovifo. * XfI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That.where-1 °Marf\ 745^ as ^ls Majesty *n anc* by his letters patents under his great feaf, forjyearj.Scc.by dated at IVeJhninJier the twentieth day of Augufi in the twelfth 19GC0.1, c.14. year of his reign, did for divers good caufes and cpfifiderations Dame Barbara him moving, give and grant to datire Barbara Villiers widow, 1 trs* the fum of two pence by tale out of every pound weight trey qf filver monies, which from thenceforth ffiould be coined by virtue of any warrant or indenture made and to b$ made by his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, to have, hold, receive, perceive and take the fame unto the said dame Barbara Villiers, her executors, adminiftrators and afligns, from the ninth day of the then inftant Augujl weekly, as the said monies (hould be coined, for and during the term of one and twenty years, as by the fame doth appear; that his Majesty may out of the monies leviable by this a<ft appoint and caule reafonable fatisfa&ion to be made ycr rly to the said dame Barbara Villiers y her executors and adminiftrators, for her intereft in the premlfles, not exceeding the fum of fix hundred pounds in any one y W*

The continu-

dm.

1666.]  Anno decimo norio CaroliII. c.1,—3.’  233

Anno Regni Caroli II. Reg , , Francia, & Hibernia, decimo nono.

AT tbt parliament begun at Wdkminfter the eighth day

of May AnnoDom. one tboufandfix hundred fixty-one, ** /if thirteenth year of the reign of our tnojl gracious Sovereign lord Charles,  grace c/ , 0/  England,

Scotlahd, France <»»</ Ireland, Kin, defender of the &c. there continued by feveralprorogations to the eighteenth day of September one tboufand fix hundred fixty-fix and then continued to the eighth of February following; thence "prorogued to the tenth of Oftober w»e hundred  'fixty-feven rwereenabled  as

CAP. I.

An aft explanatory of the aft for railing monies by a poll, and otherwife, ,g Qirt 2> c towards the maintenance of this prefent war. EXP.

CAP. II.

An act for erefting a judicature for determination of differences touching EXP, houfes burned or aemoliihed by reafon of the late fire which happened in London.

Jaftkes appointed to bear and determine differences between land, lords and tenants, &c. The powers of the said juft ices. How to proceed upon complaints. The said judicature (hall be a court of record. Officers. A table of fees. Provifo touching the renewing and reverfmg orders or decrees. —- To continue till the lap day of December > and no longer,

' CAP. III.

An act for rebuilding the city 0/London.

FOrafmuch as the city of London, being the imperial feat of his Majejly's kingdoms, and renowned for trade and commerce through-out the world; by reafon of a mofi dreadful fire lately happening there* in, was for the moji part thereof burnt down and dejlroyed within the eompafs of a few days, and now lies buried in its own ruins: for the fpeedy rejlaur-ation whereof and for the better regulation, uniformity and gracefulnefs of fiuh new buildings as Jhall be erefled for habitations in order thereunto; and to the end that great and outragious fires {through the bkjfing of Almighty God) fo far forth as human providence (with fubmijfton to the divine pleafure) can forefee, may be rea* fonably prevented or obviated for the time to come, both by the matter and form offuch building: and further, to the intent that all encouragement and expedition may be given unto, and all impediments and objlruRions that may retard or protratl the undertaking or carrying on a work fo neceffary, and of fo great honour and importance to his Majejly and this kingdom, and to the rejl of his Majestys kingdoms and dominions, may be removed;

II. Be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent ma-fty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual

an4

 L.ooQle

*J4

Kale* and di-vcCtions to be obferred in bulding.

Penalty*

Prevention of

irregolar

bniidingf.

There (hall be four forts of building! paly.

Anno dccimo nono Cxtoti II. c.3. c«a

and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the rales and directions hereafter in this act preferibed, be duly Gbferved by all perlbns therein concerned.

III. And firft, That no building or house for habitation wharibever, be hereafter ereCted within the limits bf the £abl city and liberties thereof, but fuch as'(hall be purfuant to fiftdt rules and orders of building, and with fuch materials, m an herein after particularly appointed, and according: to fiich feantlings as are fet down and preferibed in a table in this

Srelent act hereafter fpecified: (2) and if any person or perlbns tall prefume to build contrary thereunto, and be convided of the fame by the oaths of two or more credible witnefles, to be taken before the lord mayor for the time being, or any two os more of the juftices of the peace for the said city, who are hereby impowered to adminiller the lame oaths; That thcO and in fuch cafe, the said house lb irregularly built as aforefaid, (hall be deemed as a common nufance; (3) and the builder and levier thereof (hall enter into a recognizance in foch fum as tbs feid mayor and juftices rcfpeCtively in their diferettoos lhall appoint, for abatement and demolifning the fame in convenient time, or otherwife to amend the fame according to fuch rules and orders as aforefaid : and in default of entring into fuch recognizance, the offender lhall be committed to the common gaol of the said city, there to remain without bail or mainprise, till he lhall have abated or demolilhed, or otherwife amended the fame; or elfe fuch irregular house (hall or may be demolilhed or abated by order of the court of aldermen.

IV. And that the said irregular buildings may be the better prevented, or more effectually difeovened; (2) be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That the lord mayor, aider-men and Common council of the said city, lhall and may at their will and pleafure eleCt, nominate and appoint one or more decreet and intelligent person or persons in the art of building, to be the furveyors or fupervifors to fee the laid rules and fcaot-lings well and truly obferved: (3) and that it (hall be lawfttf for the said mayor, aldermen ana common council, or for the mayor and aldermen in their court of aldermen, to adminifter to all the said furveyors or fupervifors, an oath upon the hoty evangelifts, for the true and impartial execution of their ollcc m that behalf, and to appoint the feveral precinCts which lhall be under their feveral furveys.

V. And to the end that all builders may the better know how to provide and fit their materials for their feveral buildings ; (2) be it enaCted, That there lhall be only four forts of buildings, and no more; and that all manner of houfes fo to be ereCted, lhall be of one of thefe four forts of buildings, and no other ; (that is to fay) the lirft and leaft fort of houfes fronting by-lanes; the fecona fort of houfes fronting streets and lane* of note; the third fort of houfes fronting high and principal ftreets; the fourth and largeft fort, of manfion-houfes, for citizens,

 v^»ooQle

i66y.*\ Anno decimo nono Caroli II. c.3.

trzens, or other persons of extraordinary quality, not fronting either of the three former ways: and the roofs of each of the laid first three forts of houfes refpedtively, (hall be uniform.

VI.  And for avoiding any uncertainty to the builders or others herein, be it further enfcded. That the lord mayor, aldermen and common council of the said city for the time being, fhall on or before the first day of April next enfuing, declare which and how many (hall hereafter be accounted and taken to be by-lanes, which and how many (hall hereafter be deemed streets or lanes of note, and high and principal (beets, by a& of common council to be palled for that purpofe : which declaration being made as aforefaid, all and Angular the said streets and lanes (hereby intended to be rebuilt) (hah by order of the said lord mayor, aldermen and common council, or fuch persons as they under the common feal of the said city (hall order and appoint, be marked or ftaked out, and dHtinguiftied, to the end the breadth, length and extent thereof may be the better known and obferved. (2) And if any person or persons whatfoever (hall wittingly or willingly, without good authority pluck up or remove any of the said (takes or mark-(tones, thereby to obfcure or confound the bounds of fuch streets or lanes, or any of them, and (hall be thereof legally conviefted by die oath of one witnefs (other than of the informer) to be taken before any one or more juftices of the peace of the said city * that then the (aid juftice or juftices (hall or may fend fuch offender to the common gaol of the said city, there to remain by the fpace of three months, without bail or mainprize, unlefs tie (hall pay or caufe to be paid to the use of the mayor, commonalty and citizens of the (aid city, the fum of ten pounds, to be imployed in and towards the repairing of the publick buildings or the said city. (3) Provided always. That where any fuch offence (hall be committed by any peribn or persons or low and mean condition, whom the said juftice or juftices of the peace (hall in his con-fcience believe to be unable to (atisfy the said penalties; That then and in fuch cafe the said juftice or juftices of the peace (hall and may, by order and warrant under his or their hands and feals, caufe fuch offender to be openly whipped near unto the place where the offence (hall be committed, till his body be bloody; (4) and that it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid juftice or juftices of peace to reward the said informer out qf the pecuniary penalty to be incurred, according to his diferetion, not exceeding a third part of the said penalty.

VII.  And in regard the building with brick is not only more comely and durable, but alfo more fafe againjl future perils of fire; (2) be it further enacted by and with the authority aforefaid. That all the outfid^s of all buildings in and about the said city be henceforth made of brick or ftone, or of brick and (lone together, except door-cafes and window-frames, the breft fummers, and other parts of the first (lory to the front, between the piers, which are to be left to the diferetion of the builder, to use fub-foqtial oaken timber inftead of brick or ftone, for conveniency

of

*35

Powers of the lord mayor, aldermen and common-council to de* dare ftreetf, lanes, &c.

Building wit^ brick, (tone, oak.

Anno dedmo nono Caroli IL c.3.  £ 1667.

of (hops 5 and that the said doors bred fummers and window-frames .be fufficiently difcharged of the burthen of the fabrick by arch-work of brick or (lone, either ftraight or circular.

The duty of VIIL And be it enabled. That the said fqrveyors or fitper-. the furveyon vifors fo to be appointed as aforefcid, and every of them* with-and fupervj- An their fey era! precincts, (hall take care, that m building of all . .houfes within the said city and liberties thereof, there be, and *  it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid. That there (hail

be party-walls and party-piers* fet out equally on each builder’s ground, to.be built up by the first beginner of fuch building; and that cbhvepient toothing be left in the front-wall by the (aid first builder, for the better joining of the next houfc that (hallbe.built to the fame : (a).and that no man be permitted by the said (iirvcyors, to build on the said party-wall, or on his own contiguous ground, until he hath fully reimbursed the (aid (lift builder the full moiety of the charges of the (aid party-wall and pier, together with intereft for the fame, after the rate of (ix pounds per cent, per annum, for forbearance thereof, to be accounted from the beginning of the said first building. (3) Who may de- And in cafe any difference (hall grife between the first and latter termine dit- builders, concerning the true value of the (aid charge. That then Swnfirft^nd ^me ^ referred to the alderman of that ward where fuch laterbuildere. building (hall be, and to his deputy, to mediate an agreement * of fuch difference j and where the said alderman and his deputy, or one of them, (hall be parties, or where they cannot compofe fuch difference as aforefaid, thaf the matter be referred to the examination of the lord mayor and court of aldermen, who (hall hear and finally determine the fame, without any appeal to be had.

Houfc* of the  IX. And be it further enabled, That the said houfes of the

5**  firft and leaft fort of building* fronting by-ftreets or lanes as

jIJgf 1 ’ aforefaid, fhall be of two: (lories high, bejides cellars and gar^ rets \ that the cellars thereof be fix foot and a half high, if the fprings of water hinder not; . that the first (lory be nine foot high from the floor to the cieling, and the fccond (lory nine foot high from the floor to the deling ; that all walls in front and recr, as high as the first dory, be of the full thickncfs of the length of two bricks, and thence upwards to the garrets, of the thickncfs of one brick and an half; and that the thicknefs of the garret-walls on the back part be left to the diferetion of the builder, fo that the fame be not lefs than the length of one brick; and alfo that the thicknefs of the party-walls betweep thefe houfes of this first and lefler fort of building, be one brick and an half, as high as the said garrets; and that the thicknefs of the party-walls in the garrets be of the thicknefs of one brick in length at the leaft; and that the fcantlings of timber and done to be ufed about the building thereof, be as in the (aid table arc fet down and prefci ibed.

Ho-.i crofthe X, And be it further enacted, That the said houfes of the duI lort of fecond lbrt of building, fronting flreers and lanes of note, and bujmmg. the rjver  jj^ll sioafuT qt three (lories high, befides

cellars

 kjOOQle

1667.] Annodecimo nono Caroli II. c. 3.  *37

cellars and garrets, as aforefaid ; that the cellars’thereof be fix foot and an half high (if the fprings of water hinder not;) that the first ftory contain full ten foot in height from the floor to the cieling;' the fecond, full ten foot : the third, nine foot: (2)

That all the said walls in front and rear/ as high as the first ftory, be of the full thicknefs of the length of two bricks and an half, and from thence upwards to the garret-floor of the thicknds of one brick and an half; and that the thicknefs of the garret-walls on the back part be left to the difcretion of the builder, fo that the fame be not lefs than the length of one brick ; (3) and alfo that the thicknefs of the party-walls between every house of this fecond and larger fort of building, be two bricks in length as high as the first ftory, and thence upwards to the garrets of the thicknefs of one brick and an half: the fcantiings of timber and ftone to be as in the said table are prefcribed.

XI.  Alfo that the houfes of the third fort of building, front- Houfe* of the ing the high and principal ftreets, (hall confift of four ftories

high, belides cellars and garrets, as aforefaid ; that the first ftory uUcU,1£* contain full ten foot in height from the floor to the cieling; the fecond, ten foot and an half; the third, nine foot; the fourth, eight foot and an half: (2) that all the said walls in front and reer, as high as the first ftory, be of the full thicknefs of the length of two bricks and an half, and from thence upwards to the garret-floor of the thicknefs of one brick and half; that the thicknefs of the garret-walls on the back part be left to the dif-cretion of the builder, fo as the fame be not lefs than the' length of one brick; (3) and alfo that the thicknefs of the party-walls between every house of this third and larger fort of building, be two bricks lengths as high as the first ftory, and thence upwards to the garrets, of the thicknefs of one brick and an half;  *

the fcantiings of timber and ftone to be as in the said table are prefcribed.

XII. And be it further enalted, That all houfes of the fourth Houfe*  ***

fort of building, being manfion-houfes, and of the greateft big-  °*

nefs, not fronting upon any of the streets or lanes as aforefaid,

fhall bear the fame fcantiings as in the table are fet down for the fame; and that the number of ftories, and the height thereof, be left to the difcretion of the builder, fo as he exceed not four ftories.

XIII.  And be it further enadfed. That in the front of all Front* of houfes hereafter to be erefted in any fuch streets as by aft of * bakJ common-council fhall be declared to be high ftreeta, balconies * four foot broad, with rails and bars of iron, of equal diftance

from the ground, fhall be placed ; every of which balconies ihall contain in length two parts of the front of the house on which it fhall be placed, in three parts to be divided, and the remaining vacancy of the front fhall be fupplied with a pent-houfe of the breadth of the balcony, to be covered with lead, fiate or tile, and to be cieled with plaiftering underneath, and that the water falling as well from the tops of the said houfes; as from the said balconies and pent-houfes, be conveyed into - ■  the

' ^oogle

*3«  Anno  decitno  hone  Carol! II; c. 3#  £  1667.

the channels by party-pipes on the tides or fronts of the laid hoofed; and that pavements under evenr of the said balconies and pent-houfes be made of good and fumcient broad flat flone, at the charge of the builder.

How houfes XIV. And be it further enacted. That no builder of any of fronting on the houfes fronting any of the said high ftreets, streets or laoes high foreet* cf note, be permitted to lay his first floor over the cellar more AaU be built. eighteen inches above the (aid ftreets, or left than fix, with one circular ftep to lead up thereunto, to be placed without the building; and that no trap-doors or open grates be in any wife fuffered to be made into any fuch cellar or warehouse without the foundations of the front, but that all lights to be made into any of them, be henceforth made upright and not otherwsfe: (2) and that no bulks, jetties, windows, pofts, feats or any thing of like fort (hall be made or erefted in any ftreets, fames or by-lanes, to extend beyond the ancient foundation of houfes 5 nor that any house be fet farther into the ftreet than the ancient foundation; faring only that in the high and principal streets it (hall be lawful for the inhabitants to fuffer their (biU-boanis (when their (hop-windows are fet open) to turn over, and extend eleven inches and no more, from the foundation of their houfes into the ftreets, for the better convenicncy of their fhop* windows.

Within what XV. And be it further enadted. That if any person or par-fens are to^ ^>ns* bodies politick or corporate, being feifed, pofiefled or in-rtbaUdTtheir tercfted, of or in any ground which was formerly builded upon, houfes. and the houfes thereupon being now burned or pulled down at the time of the late fire, (hall not within three years next enfu-ing build up the fame; That then the 'mayor, aldermen and common council of the city of London, by adt of common council, may caufe proclamation to be publickly made between the hours of twelve and two of the clodt in the afternoon, as weM at or upon the said ground, as alfo at or upon the publick Ex-th+ngi cf the said city, thereby to give notice to all persons that (hall be or may be therein concerned, to caufe the lame to be rebuilded, according to the direction of this prefent adt, within the fpace of nine months then next following: (2) and in cafe the owners thereof or other person or persons having in-tereft therein, (hall refufe or negledt to rebuild the feme, in Penalty. manner and within fuch time as aforefaid. That then in fuch cafe the said mayor and court of aldermen of the (aid city are hereby authorized, to iffue out warrants to the fheriffs of Lea-don for the time being, requiring them to impanel and return before them a jury of good and lawful men of the said city; which the said (heriffs are hereby authorized and required to do accordingly; (3) which jury fo returned (hall upon Jtheir oaths, to be adminiftred to them by the said mayor and court of aldermen (who are likewife hereby authorized to adminifter the feme) enquire, eftimate and aifefs the true and juft value of fuch void ground, according to their judgments : and that from and after fuch inquiry and valuation thereof made as aforefeid,. by inqueft of the (kid jury, it ihall and may be lawful to and for

»6<7l  Anno dec!mo nono Caroli II. d.3.

the laid mayor, aldermen and common council of the laid cky, to make fide of the fee or inheritance thereof, by conveyance under their common leal, to any person or per Ions that will purchase the fame, at fuch orice at which the lame lhall have been fo aa aforefaid eftimatea and valued by the find jury; and the monies thereupon to be received of the purchafcrs thereof, lhali be paid into the chamber of London, and from thence to be iflued out and paid by the chamberlain of London for the time being, unto liich person or persons who lhall have any eftate or intereft into or out of the lame, according to his or their refpedive eftate or eftates, title or intereft : (4) which fide £0 made and inrolled of record, according to the Cuftofn or ulage of the said city for inrollment of bargains and tales, lhall be final and conclulive to all other persons whatfoever, and lhall bar them, their heirs and afligns, to claim any eftate, right, title or intereft of, in or out of the grounds fo fold, precedent to the fiud fide; and the purchafer or purchafers thereof, his and their heirs and afligns, (hall and may by virtue of this ad have, hold and enjoy the lame against all perions claiming any eftate, right, title or intereft into or out of the fame, his and their heirs, executors, adminiftrators and afligns, freed and di&harged of and from all incumbrances in eftate, title, charge, or otherwife* precedent to the said fide.

XVI.  And to the end the fiud builders may receive due en- who may (m couragement, by having the materials for building at reafonablc cafe of unrca-nrkes, and getting of workmen for moderate wages, (2) be it Enable exac-turther enaded, That in cafe of combination or unreafonable upon exadion by brick-makers, tile-makers and lime-burners, it lhall materials and and may be lawful for the juftices of the court of King’s bench, workmen*

or any two or more of them, upon the complaint of the said mayor and court of aldermen, to call before them fuch a nunrn her ofbrick-makcrs, tile-makers, and lime-burners, making or burning brick, tile or lime at any place within five miles diftanco of the river of Thames, as they lhall think fit; and upon conference with them had concerning the premifles, if they will bo prefent or otherwife in their abfcnce, to aflefs fuch reafonable prices from time to time upon every thouiand of the said bricks and tiles, and upon every hundred of the said lime, and every greater or lefler quantity, to be delivered at the feveral kilns % and alfo of all carriages of the fame materials from the said kilns to the said city, whether by land or by water, as may equally refped the honeft profit of the laid brick makers tile-makers, lime-burners and carriers, and the necefiity and con-veniency of the builder.

XVII.  And to the intent no brick-maker, tile-maker, lime- Labourer* burner, carpenter, bricklayer, mafon, plaifterer, joyner, plumber wages, or other artificer, workman or labourer, may make the common calamity a pretence to extort unreafonable or exceffive wages, (2) be it likewife enaded. That in cafe of combination

or exadion of unreafonable wages by the said artificers, workmen or labourers, or any of them, the said juftices of the spurt of King’s bench, or any two or more of them, upon

GoO£ £

240

Foreigners may as freemen work in London.

Arlno decimo nono Caroli II. c.3.  £166^

the like complaint of the said lord mayor and court of aldermen, {hall and may from time to time limit, rate and appoint, the wages of the said artificers, workmen and labourers, by the day, week or otherwife, and what wages every of the fiud workmen {hall have by the great, by the foot, yara, rod or perch, or for any greater quantity 5 which said rates, together with the prices of the said materials and carriages fo affefled, being fet down in a table, and proclamation thereof made by the lord mayor for the time being accordingly, the fame (hall effe&ually bind all persons therein concerned c (3) and if any of the (aidf artificers refufe to fell the said materials for the prices fo afieiled, or any of the said carpenters, bricklayers, mafons, plaifterers, joiners, plumbers, or other workmen or labourers, (hall either refoie to work for the wages fo affefled, or (hall depart from his fiud work after he hath undertaken to do the fame, without licence of fuch person or persons as imployed him, and before it be finifhed, unlefs it be for nonpayment of his hire, or other juft caufe to be allowed before one juftice of the peace of fuch place where the offence (hall be committed; or if any person or persons whatfoever (hall by any fecret ways or means give, covenant article or agree to give, diredtly or indiredtly, by himfelf or any ether for him, any other or greater wages, prices or other commodities than (hall be fo affeffed; the said offender and offenders being hereof legally convict by the oaths of one or more witnefies, which oath the said juftice is hereby impowered to adminifter, {hall be by the said juftice of the peace forthwith committed to the common gaol, there to remain by the fpace of one month, without bail or mainprize, unlefs he (hall pay or caufe to be paid for every fuch offence to the said juftice of the peace, fuch fine as by the diferetion of the said juftice (hall be fet upon any fuch offender, not exceeding ten pounds: out of which fine the said juftice (hall and may award and pay unto the party in-fured fuch fatisfa&ion as he (hall judge reasonable, and the re-fidue thereof {hall pay unto the chamberlain of Lwdon for the time being, to be imployed for and towards the re-edifying of the publick buildings of the city aforefaid.

XVIII.  And be it further enadted, That all carpenters, bricklayers, mafons, plaifterers, joiners and other artificers* workmen and labourers, to be imployed in the said buildings, who are not freemen of the said city, mall for the fpace of fovea

Sears next enfuing, and for fo long time after as until the find uildings (hall be fully fini(hed, have and enjoy fuch and the fame liberty of working, and being fet to work in the said building, as the freemen of the city of the fame trades and pro-feffions have and ought to enjoy ; any ufage or cuftom 0/ the city to the contrary notwithftanding. (2) And that fuch artificers, as aforefaid, which for the fpace of feven years (hall have wrought in the rebuilding of the city in their refpeftive arts, (hall from and after the laid feven years have and enjoy the fame liberty to work as freemen of tne said city, for and during their natural lives. Provided always. That luch artifi-

 LjOoq le

1667.]^ Anno defcimo nond CAROL! Ik C.j,  24?

cers chiming fuch privileges, (hall be liable to Undergo all ftfch offices, and to pay and perform fuch duties in reference to the fervice and government of the city, as freemen of the city of their refpedhve arts and trades are liable to undergo, pay and perform.

XIX.  And to remove all obftacles which otherwife may Who mar de-hinder fo good and profitable a work; (2) be it further ena&ed tfcrminemffer*. by the authority aforcfaid. That all differences arifing between buH^rsabmu the said builders, or any others, concerning placing and flop- flopping ping up of lights, windows, water-courfes or gutters, which lights, &c, may hinder or retard the said building, (hall and may be heard, mediated and determined (if it may be) by the alderman of the

ward where the caufe of any fuch difference (hall arife, and his deputy 3 and if either the (aid alderman or his deputy be concerned as parties in tht controverfy, or that they cannot determine the said differences, that then and in every fuch cafe the fame be certified by the said alderman or his deputy unconcerned therein, to the faia mayor and/court of aldermen, who upon deliberate hearing of all parties, (hall finally determine the fame without further or other appeal.  -

XX.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, ^^l0”raill#

That the numbers and places for all common fewers, drains ai»d vaults, &c. and vaults, and the order and manner of paving and pitching ms claufe the streets and lanes within the said city and liberties thereof, made perpetual (hall be defigned and fet out by fuch and fo many persons as the Car*a. c.*i7, said mayor, aldermen and commonalty in common council  '*

aflembled, (hall from time to time authorize and appoint under their common feal, or the more part of them ; (2) which Power of per-faid persons fo authorized and appointed, or any (even or more ^n|11ap^>1^t* of them, together with the said furveyorsL, or fome or one of

them, within his or their precindt refpe&ively, (hall at their aa, inlargtd meeting have power and authority to order and direft the ty 7 Ann. making of any new vaults, drains and fewers, or to cut into c* any drain or fewer already made, and for the altering, enlarging, amending, cleanfing and fcouring of any old vaults, finks or common fewers : (3) For the better effecting whereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said persons fo authorized and appointed as aforefaid, or any feven or more of them, at their (aid meeting, to impofe any reafonable tax upon all houfes within' the said city and liberties thereof, in proportion to the benefit they (hall receive thereby, for and towards the new making cutting, altering, enlarging, amending, cleanfing and fcouring all and fingular the said vaults, drains, fewers, pavements and pitching aforefaid : (4) and in default of payment of the said (urns fo to be charged, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said persons fo authorized as aforefaid, or any feven or more of them, by order and warrant under their hands and feals, to levy the said fum and fums of money fo affefled, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the party chargeable therewith, and refuting or negle&ing to pay the fame, rendring the overplus (if any be.)

(5)  And that all other commiflioners whatfoever be altogether fufpended to intermeddle in. the premifles within the faia city Vol. VIII.  ft  and

Noifene

Removing of conduits in high ftreets.

Anno decimo nono CakouIL c.$, im

and liberties thereof, for the fpace of fcvea years next, aodfar fo long after until the (aid intended buildings (hall be (ally finilhed; any law or statute to the contrary in any wife notwith-(landing.

XXI.  And be it further enadted. That it (haO and may bt

todwpro-  lawful to and for the lord mayor, aldermen and common conn-

^ the said cky from time to time, to prohibit fuch trades and occupations as they (hall judge notfem or perillous in rdftH of fire, to be ufed or cxercifed in the high or principal ftnoefcof the (aid city.

XXII.  And ferafmuch as tbt freedom and epennefs of thefkeetsm-duceth much to the advancement of trade, and ornament of the city i (2) be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen and commonalty, by order of common council in that behalf to be made from time to time, and at their will and pleafure, to remove out of any of thehigb streets all or any of the conduits now (boding, or hereafter 10 be ere&ed, and to fet up and to ere# the fame in fuch other publick places within the said city as they (hall think fit, or to contra# the fame into any fmaller or lefler compafe in the pkces where they now ftand, or hereafter (hall be eredted, asafort&d, according to their difcretions.

XXIII.  And whereas many ancient fireets and paffages within tbt said city and liberties thereof and amongfl others tboje which ore ben-after mentioned, were narrow and incommodious for carriages ad pojfengers, and prejudicial to the trade and health of the inbMttttt^ and are neceJTary to be inlarged, as well for the convenience, as ornament of the city ; (2) be it enacted by the authority afonefidd. That tne mayor, aldermen and commons of the said city for the time being, in common council aflerobled, (hall and may, and are hereby impowered and required to inlarge all andemy the streets and places hereafter mentioned, where and in fuch manner as there (hall be caufe, by and with the approbation of his Majesty, and not otherwife: that is to fay, the ftreet called Fleet-freely from the place where the Greyhound tavern flood, to Ludgatey and from thence to St. PauTs Church-yard; the ftreet leading from the eaft-end of St. Paul*s church into Cbeapfdti the ftreet and paflage at the eaft end of Cbeapftdey leading into the Poultry; the ftreet and paflage out of the Poultryy lead! into the weft end of Comhilly at or near the place late called t Stocks; the ftreet called Blowbladder-Jlreet, leading from thei end of Cheapfide towards Newgate-market \ and to inlarge the ( and paflage from thence towards Newgate-Markety by la; the ground where the Middle-Row in the Shambles there latelj ftood, into the said ftreet; and in like manner to inlarge tb paflage from Newgate-market towards Newgatey by laying thi ground of the late four houfes between Warwice-lane end id Newgate-markety and the late Bell inn there, into the ftreet \ and in like manner to inlarge, as there (hall be caufe, the land called Avc-maria-laWy leading from Pater-n$Jler-row to Litigate*I JJrtet and the ftreet or paflage at the end of St. Martin't A

What ftreet* may be opened and in-laiged.

 t^ooQle

67.] Anno dcdmo none Carol! II. c. j*1

*4 i

and towards Blowbladder-Jlreet aforefaid j and alfo the paflage m St. Magnus church to the conduit in Gracious-flreet, and i north-end of Gracious-Jlreet * and alfo Thams-jlreety from : weft-comer of St. Magnus church aforefaid, to the Tower-k ; and to inlarge Old-FiJh-Jireet, by laying the Middle-R.ow are into the ftreet.

XXIV.  And the said mayor, aldermen and common council ) (hall and may by virtue of this prefent a&, inlarge and ike wider any otner fuch ftraight and narrow paflages within : said city, as are lefs than fourteen foot in breadth •> fo as tice be given to the owners or parties interefted in the ground be fo taken for the inlarging thereof, on or before the first day of 2y next enfuing: (2) and are and (hall be alfo further enabled virtue of this z6t> to piake or caufe to be made a new ftreet dine and extending from the Guild-hatt of the said city into tapjtde, the fame to be of fuch breadth and widenefs as they ill judge meet and convenient.

XXV.  And to the end that reafonable fatisfa&ion may be Satisfa&km to en for all fuch ground as (hall be taken and imployed for the be made for :s aforefaid; the mayor, aldermen and common council (hall ground.

i may treat and agree with the owners and others interefted :rein: and if there (hall be any perfons, bodies corporate or Uegiate, that (hall wilfully refufe to treat and agree, as afore-d, or through any difabihty by nonage, coverture, or efpecial tail or other impediment, cappot; that in fuch cafes the said d mayor and court of aldermen are hereby authorized by tue of this adt to blue out a warrantor warrants to the (heriffs London, who are hereby required, accordingly to impanel and um a jury before the said ford mayor and court of aldermen:  r  v

) which jury upon their oaths to be adminiftredby the (aid lord lyor and court of aldermen, are to inquire and aflefs fuch da>-ige and recompence as they (hall judge fit to be awarded to the mers, and others interefted, according to their feveral and revive interefts and eftates of and in any fuch houfes or ground, or y part thereof, for their refpedl ive interefts and eftates in the fame, by the said lord mayor, aldermen and commons in common until aflembled, (hall be adjudged fit to be converted for the rpofes aforelaid : (3) and fuch verdict of the jury, and judg-:nt of the said lord mayor and court of aldermen thereupon, and : payment of the sum or sums of money fo awarded or adjudged the owners, and others having eftate or intereft, or tender and bfal thereof, (hall be binding to all intents and purpofes against jp said parties, their heirs, executors, •adminiftrators and affigns,

& others claiming any title or intereft in the said houfes or bund, and (hall be a foil authority for the said lord mayor, termen and commons, to caufe the fame to be converted and id for the purpofes aforefaid.

XXVI.  And forafmuch as the houfes now remaining, and to be filly will receive more or lefs advantage in the value of the rents,

Vfe liberty of airy and free recourfe for trade, and other convex Ities by Juch regulation and inlargemmt\ (2) it >$ alfo enaded by f authority aforefaid. That in cafe of refofal or incapacity.

R 2

as

$44  Anno  decitno nono CarolI H. c.3. f/ci

as aforefaid, of the owners, or others intcrefted of or in thetj houfes, to agree and compound with the said lord mayor, ak men and commons for the fame,thereupon a jury (hall andc be impanelled in manner and form aforefaid, to judge and A upon the owners, and others interefted of and in mch hod fuch competent* fum and fums of money, with refpefttoth feveral interefts, in confideration of Tuch improvement and c lioration, as in reafon and good confcience they (hall think i

(7)  and all fums of money that (hall be fo alfeffed andnifei aforefaid, (hall be paid to the chamberlain of theritvofl^ for the time being; who is hereby enabled from time tots to receive and recover the fame by action at law, and whden ceipt (hall be a good difeharge to fuch owners, or others iss efted; and who is hereby appointed to receive and pay, d! accountable for the feme, according to fuch dire&icmsasib from time to time be given him by the said lord mayor, akd men and commons: (4) and the money fo raifed, (hall bevy imployed towards payment and fatisfaltion of fuch houfes ground as (hall be converted into ftreets, paflages, marte, s other publick places aforefaid: (5) and fuch fatis&dicn given, or tendered and refufed, as aforefaid, (hall divert ts propriety, eftate and intereft of the refpe&ive ownen,aadodid having intereft of and in fuch parcels of ground fo tobetakd and imployed for the ufes aforefaid, by virtue of this aft: whid (hall be and are hereby adtually fettled and inverted in tkfil lord mayor, commonalty and citizens of the city of Lak their fucceflors, in like manner as other the common (beetssi highways within the said city.

XXVII.  And in cafe any controverfies or differences h ^nUwdif-* haPPen to ar*fe between feveral persons that (hall daim far ference* of eftates or interefts into or out of any grounds to be fold byn feveral claims said mayor, aldermen and common council, or by themtuh of eftates. taken and difpofed of by virtue and in purfuance of thisadt and for the ufes aforefaid ; that then the juftices ofthecosi of King’s bench and common pleas, and barons of the cc of the exchequer for the time being, or any three or owrcc them, (hall be and are hereby authorized to hear, and fa] to order and determine the fame in a fummary way ofprocra mg, and without the formalities or ordinary courfe of prow* ings ufed in any the said courts, to order and award Ibdidifc bution to be made of the money thereby arifing, for thefedstyb of fuch feveral interefts and claims as to them (hall fcemjujarj reafonabie, according to the refpedlive eftate or eftates, titled interefts of the person or persons making claim thereunto; according to which order and diftribution to be made and apposed by the faidjuftices and barons, or any three or more oftheo, the (aid purchase money (hall be fatisfied and paid by the /^J chamberlain to the said feveral persons refpe&ively.

■The fecond of XX VIIL And that tbs said citiz:ns and their fuccejfm fsr £ /ft September ap- time to come, may retain the memorial of fo fad a deflation) id ft* ferioufly upon their manifold iai{uitics* which mtkt&ty

m}

xSSy.'J Aqqo decuno nono Caroli II. c.3.  145

cau/frs  of  fuch  judgmentsj (a) be it further enacted. That the •" the city

iecond day of September (uniefs the lame happen to be , Fear,y forever, and if fo, then the next day following) be yearly for ever hereafter obferved as a day of publick filling and humiliation within the said city and liberties thereof, to implore the mercies of Almighty Goa upon the said city, to make devout prayer and' fupphcation unto him, to divert the like calamity for the dupe to ooinc*  1  **

XXIX.  And the better to prelerve the memory of this dread- A pillar to he ful vifitation, ,be it further eroded, That a column or pillar fctupinme-pf bra& or (tone, be ereded on, or as near unto, the place

where the said fire fo unhappily began, as conveniently may be, in perpetual remembrance thereof, with fuch infcription thereon, as hereafter by the mayor and court of aldermen in that behalf be dire&ed.

XXX.  And be it enaded, and it is hereby eroded by the au- Tender of thorityaforelaid, That all tender of money or payment thereof* which by any bonds, covenants or other obligations or aflurancc whadoever oughr to be made in the late afrarance-office, or in Royal Ex-

in any other place on the late  Royal  E, , lhall or change.

may be made at or in the prefent affiirance office in

and lhall be as valid and legal to all intents and pyrpofes, and

difcharge the obligor as fully and amply, as if they had been

made in the first intended place on the laid Royal Exchange.

XXXI.  And it is hereby further eroded. That the parifh P*rHh churches to be rebuilded within the said city of , in lieu

of thole which were demolifhed by the late fire, lhall not exceed the number of thirty-nine ; which lhall be fet out and appointed by and with the advice and content of the lord archbilhop of

Canterbury, and the bilhop of London for the time being.

jpCXII. Provided alfo, and be it enaded by the authority Site*and aforelaid, That the fites and materials of fuch churches as by ^te5h^tob« this bill are not intended to be rebuilt, together with the church- fol“ ^ how yards belonging to fuch churches, lhall be and are hereby veiled employed, in the lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London for the .time being ; to the end fo much of the said ground as (hall not upon the rebuilding of the said city, be laid into the flreets, be fold and difpofed of by thefaid lord mayor and aldermen, or the major part of them for the time being, with the confent of the archbilhop of Canterbury, and bilhop of London for the time being; (2) and the money railed by fuch fale lhall be by the laid mayor and aldermen, or the major part of them, with the 1 confent of thefaid archbilhop and bilhop, difpofed of and employed for andtowards the rebuilding of fuch parifh churches as by this all are intended to be rebuilt, and for no other use or purpofe whatfoever.

XXXIII. Provided always. That any thing in this ail con- St. Paul’*, tained, lhall not extend or be taken to veil or fettle the church St. Faith'*, ^ of St. Paul, and St. Faith’s, or any part thereof, or the church  *

of St.  Cregorf sby St.  Paul’s, or any of them, or the.church-

yards to any of them belonging or appertaining, in the mayo?,

R 3  aldermen

Goo<; e

lofi  Anno ctedtno nond Ca*6m n.  [16675

aldermen and commons of the city of London, or any of then ; any thing in this a€t notwithftanding.

Thames- XXXIV. And be it enaded, That for Ae preventing in-hsmu  undations,  and  for  eafinefe  of afcent, the Ibreet called Thamos-

firett, and all the ground between the (aid ftreet and the river of Thorns, (hall be railed and made higher by three foot at the lead above the furface of the ground as now it lieth.

XXXV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no houfe, outnoufe or other building whatfoevcr (cranes and (beds for pnefent use only excepted) (hall be built or eredted within Ae dinance of forty root of foch

Srtof any wall, key or wharf, as bounds Ae river of Thames, >m Tower-wharf to Lendon-bridge, and from London-hridgi to the Temple-fairs j (2) nor any houfe, out. house or other bu3d-ings (cranes only excepted) be built or eredted within the diftaace of threefcore and ten foot of the middle of any part of the common fewer*, commonly called or known by the names of Bride-woUdock, Reef-ditch ana Tummill-hrook, from the river of Thames to Clerkenwell, upon either fide of them 5 before Ae four and twentieth day of March, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty-eight An impofition XXXVI. And for the further enabling of the said mayor upon coals, and commonalty, and Citizens of the said city of London, and their fucceflors, to perform and accomplilh the works in this aft mentioned*, (2) be it enafted by the authority aforefeid. That for all forts of coals, which from and after the four and twentieth day of June one thoufand fix hundred fixty-feven, and before the four and twentieth day of June one thoufand fix hundred feventy-feven, (hall be imported and brought into the

(>ort of the city of London, or Ae river of Thames within the iberty of Ae said city of London, upon the fame river, to be fold by the chaldron or ton, there mall be paid by way of impofition thereupon, (over and befides all other irapofiaons and duties due and payable for any fort of the said coals, by virtue of any law or statute now in force) according to the rates hereafter mentioned ; that is to fay, For fuch forts of coals as ire ufually fold by the chaldron, for every chaldron thereof containing thirty-fix bulhels Winchefltr meafure, the fum of twelve pence; and for all fuch forts of coals as are fold by the ton, for every ton thereof containing twenty hundred weight, the like fam of twelve pence; (3) which said impofition of twelve pence for every chaldron orton of coals, (hall from tjme to time during the term aforefaid be anfwered and paid unto the said mayor, commonalty and citizens, and their fucceflors, or to their deputy or deputies,officers or afiigns, by the mafter, owner or owners, or other person or persons taking charge of any (hip or veflel whereupon the fafrie (hall be laden, before they (hall ^break bulk, or have a meter affigned for the meafuring or weigh-, mg of any coals aforefaid, to be delivered from on board any fuch Yhip or veflel; the fame to be paid at fuch place or places, as by Ae said mayor and court of aldermen (hall from time to rime

 v^»ooQle

*41

1667.5 Anno dccime nono Caroli U. c.3.

be appointed for the receipt thereof; upon receipt whereof, the party appointed to receive the fame (hall without delay, fee or reward, deliver a receipt to the person or persons who (hall pay the (aid duty, which receipt (hall for (b much be a fuficient diAdhase. -

XXXVII. And to the end that the hud impofition may be Cosl-meten duly anfwered and paid without fraud or covin, and for the better levying and colle&irw thereof, and for difcovery of the ^ juft quantities of all forts of coals to be imported as aroidaid:

(a) be it further enabled by authority aforefaid, That the cool* meters for the city of L**d*H> appointed or to be appoint-* ed, and every of them, and their refpedive deputies, in their turn and courfe of attendance refpedtively, fo foon as any (hip Tbtfi ruUt or veflel freight with coals (hall be unladen, (hall forthwith art applied u deliver a true certificate in writing, unto the deputy or deputies, ”5% officers or afiigns of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens*  10>

who (hall be appointed to receive the Jaid impofition, of the forts, quantities and number of chaldrons or tons of coals ref* pebhvely, which (hall be meafured or weighed, and delivered from on board any fuch (hip or veflel, on pain for his or their default therein, to be fuipended from die execution and benefit of his or their office or imployment for one whole year from thence next following: (3) ana in cafe it (hall appear by fuch certificate or otherwife, tint there was on board any fuch (hip or veflel, a greater number of chaldrons or tons of cools, than * for which the (aid impofition (hall have been anfwered and paid as afordaid; that then in fuch cafe there (hall be paid to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fucceflors, for every chaldron or ton of coals fo concealed, over and above the impofition aforefaid, the fum of five (hillings; for which (in cafe of refufal to pay the fame) (uch (hip or veflel, or any the tackle, furniture or apparel thereof, may be attached and detained by warrant from the mayor of the said city for the time being* until payment thereof.

DC^XXVIIL Provide^ neverthclefs, That if the import*, upon fuch certificate delivered in by the coal-meter, (hall within four and twenty hours give in his poft-entry, and fatisfy and pay the whole duty for the furplu&ge of coals appearing upon the unlading of fuch (hip or veflel. That then upon fuch payment, the penalty aforefaid (hall be difeharged.

XXXI A, And be it further ena&ed. That all and every How the fiud fuch fum and fums of money which (hall be raifed upon the imrofition receipt of the said impofition or twelve pence for every chaldron lhall be dif* or ton of coals, or by fuch additional duty in cafe of conceal- P°fed% ment as aforefaid, (hall in the first place be applied and difpofed unto and for the fatisfa&ion of (uch persons whofe grounds (hall by virtue and in purfuance of this a& be taken and employed for the enlarging of the ftreets, and narrow paffages within the (aid city; (a) and after fatisfa&ion given for the fame^ the refidue of the said monies (hall be applied and difpofed unto and for the fatisfa&ion of fuch persons whofe grounds (hall bo

R 4  employed

„  L.00Q le

2 j.8  Anno decimo nono Cakoli II. c.3.  [1667.

employed for the making of wharfs or keys on the north fide of the river of Thames, and upon each fide of the fewer called by the name or names of Bridewell-dock, Fleet-ditch and TmnamB-hrook5 and alfo for the building and.making fuch prifons Within the said city, as (hall be neceffary for the fife cuftody and imprifontnent of felons and other malefaftors.

And the tc* XL. And to the end the monies to be raifed upon the impofi-cbunts ofre- tion aforefaid, may be duly applied to the ufes for which the buTfements”" ^ame *6 by ^is aft appointed 5 (2) be it further enafted, That thereof kept there (hall from time to time be provided, and kept in the chamber of London, one or more book or books of vellum or parchment, in which all monies thereupon to be received, (hall from time to time be entred and fet down : (3) and alfo other like book or books, wherein the accounts of all payments and diiburfements out of the fame (hall be likewife entred, exprefling the time when, the occafion for which, and the name of the person or persons to whom the fime were fo paid or dif-burfed: (4) and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every person or persons that (hall or may be in any wife concerned fo to do, to have free accefs unto, and view the fiid refpeftive books of receipts and diiburfements at all times when the chamberlains office is open, without any fee or reward to be taken or demanded for the view or infpeftion thereof: and that the chamberlain of London for the time being, before the end of Michaelmas term in every year, (hall tranfmit, and upon his oath deliver into the receipt of the exchequer, a true copy or duplicate of the aforefaid books of accounts, containing the receipts and diiburfepsents of all monies which (hall be raifed and paid by or out of the fiid impofirion upon coals, in the year preceding, and ending upon the four and twentieth day of June next before, there to be received gratis by the proper officer, and kept amongft the records of the said court; where it (hall alfo be lawful tor any person or perfons, who (hall be in any wife concerned fo to do, to have accefs thereunto, and to view and perufe the fiid books of accounts, without any fee or reward to be taken or received for the fame.

Thomas  XLI.  Provided  always.  That  it (hall and may be lawful for

Morris his the water-houfe, called Mr. Thomas Morris his water-houfe, water-houfe. formerly adjoining to London-bridgt, to be rebuilt upon the place it formerly flood, with timber, for the fupplying the fouth-fide of the city with water, as it for almoft this hundred years hath done 5 any thing in this aft to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding.

Water-lane. XLII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted by the Mincing4ane. authority aforefaid. That the lord mayor and aldermen of London jnay and (hall open and enlarge a ftreet or paflage called IVater-lane, leading from FUet-ftreei to White-Friers-Dock by the river of Thames; as alfo open and enlarge one other ftreet or paflage to the said river from Cheapjide through Soper-lane to Thatnes-ftreety mA from the Three-Cranes to the Thames; and open and enlarge one Other ftreet or paflage through Mnctng-

6

1667.] Anno dedmo nono Caroli II. c.3.  <249

lane, by St. Dunfans in the eaft, to Thames flreet^ near the cu-ftom-houfe ; and to make' the (aid streets or paflages twenty-four foot in breadth, for the conveniency of trade, and better paftage of carts and other carriages to and from the said river, giving notice of what they (hall herein refolve, to the proprietors and persons concerned, before the last of May which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty-fevcn, and . giving them fatisfa&ion for their ground, according to the rules and directions of this act for the enlarging of other streets and places.

XLIIL Afcbeme of proportions and fcantlings forfortes ^ walls and ttnibirs for thi building of lejjer and larger boufeswithin the city ^London.

Brick.  Divifion    Height    Thicknefs      

  of (lory.    Df ftory.    of walls.      

      Foot.      Bricks.    Bricks.

Firft fort,  Cellars    6 i    To the      

being the  1 ftory    9    firft floor.  2    ■ • 1 1

lead nou-  2 ftory    9    2d  1 i    11

fes front-  garrets        3^  * i    *

ing, by-            1    1

ftreets.                

lanes, &c.                

    Where the            

    fpringc pre-            

    vent not.            

  Cellars    6 i  Thick-  To the    Thick-  

        nefs of  firft floor  2 i  nefs of  2

2 Second  1 (lory  Not lefs in  IO  walls  2d  2  walls  11

fort, hour    height clear    in front      be-  

fes, front-  2 ftory  than  IO  and  3d  2  tween  1 £

ing all        rere      houfe  

ftreets.  3    9  from  4th  i i  and  • i

lanes of        the      houfe.  

note, and  garrets      foun-    1    1

river of        dation.        

Thames.                

3 Third  1 ftory    IO    in  2 i    2

fort, hou-  2 ftory    10 I    ad  1 i    1 I

fes front-  3 dory    9    3d  1 i    , 1 4 1

ing all  4 ftory    8 i    4th  11    1 i

high                

ftreets                

and lanes                

of note.  garrets          1    1

XLIV. Scant*

 L^OOQle

*5^  Anno  ^decimo  ooooCaRoli Q. C.3.

XLIV. Scantlings of timber for tie firjl fort of

Length. Thicknefs. Foot. Inches. Inches. Foot.

For the 1 Summers under *5—1.2—and—8 ) Jotftt to ic floors 3 Wall plates — 00— 7—and—5 (Gumfloors —3

Foot, f at foot —

% For I Principal rafter under 15 \ at top — the roof 3 Single rafters ..  4  and—3 inches.

Depth.

Incoot.

•s;

6 inches.

XL V. Scantlings of timber for the other two forts of

Depth.

Inches*

Thicknefe.

Inches.

4T

I

H Joift* f ► of which I -10 > bear ■{ •I* \ ten I -14 J foot. L

Breadth.

Foot. Foot. Indie*.

—«—4-

»  Inches. Inches.

Prfocipal difeharges upon peers ) 13 and 12 Jn the fiift ftory in tie fronts 3 15—— 13

Thickmeft.  ~

Inches.

Bidding jolfts, with their trimming joifle1

♦  Inches. Inches.

f 104—and—6 1

Wall-plttei, or raifing pieces and beams < 8 ..—-6 >

t 7t——n

Irtches. Inches.

.«** of 00k i. .h. { jj * * 23— I— Jl

Length/ Poot. Foot.

Inches.

I'

Principal rifters^ from  ^

?}■

Length. Foot. Foot.

at foot at top at foot 10 I at top 8 j at foot tz ~ at top 9 at foot 13 at top 9

Thicknefi.

Inches.

Purlines from | || **

^Sio^le rafter.  \£ j“$

XLVI. Scoot-

 CjOO^Ic

Anno decimo nono Caroli II. c. f.

*5*

XJLVI. Scantlings for fawei timber and laths* ufuaUy brought out of the Weft

Country, not lefs than

Foot.

Single quarters in length 8— 'Double quarters in length—^—8— Sawed joyfts in length ——8-

Lathsin length -

Breadth. Inches, -r- ji~

Thicknefs.

Inches.

-------if

------3 i

a Stone

Where ftone is dedyto^ keep to

thefe:

fcant-

lings.

C Corner peers

Firft fort 1 Middle or (ingle peers of houfes j Double peers Detween house and house (.Deor-jambs and heads

i quarter&i of an inch.

Inches.

18 fquare'

14 and 12 14 and 18 12 and 8

J Corner peers Middle or (ingle peers -

Foot. -2-

Foot

Inches.

6 fquare

•  18 fquare

•  24 and 18

■ 14 and ioa

j Double peers between house and house C Door-jambt and heads ——

Thicknefs.

3 Scantlings C 3 wide ) tide-walls- 1 bricky  I bottompavedplain, and then

for fewers ( 5 high J arch -—- 1 brick on end J 1 brick an edge circular.

XLVIL General rules.

IN every foundation within the ground, add one brick in thicknefs to the thicknefs of the wall (as in the fcheme) next above the foundation, to be fet off in three courfes equally on both tides.

2. That no timber be laid within twelve inches of the fore-tide of the chimney-jambs, and that all joifts on the back of any chimney be laid with a trimmer at fix inches diftance from * the back.

3. That no timber be laid within the tunnel of any chimney, upon penalty to the workman for every default ten (hillings, and ten (hillings every week it continues unreformed.

4. That no joifts or rafters be laid at greater diftances from one to the other than twelve inches, and no quarters at greater, diftance than fourteen inches.

5. That no joifts bear at longer length than ten foot, and no tingle rafters at more in length than nine foot.

6. That all roofs, window-frames and cellar-floors be made of oak.

7. The tile-pins of oak.

8. No fummers or girders to lie over the head of doors and windows.

9. No fummer or girder to lie lefs than ten inches into the wall; no jo$s than eight inches, and to be laid in loam.

CAP*

is*

Anno decimo nono Car<JLI II. c.4.  £ 1667.

CAP. IV.

Howftodu

way be provided for feting the poor om work.

For relief of poor prisoners, and setting of them on Work.

WHEREAS there is not yet any fufficunt  made  for

the relief and fetting on work of poor and needy persons committed to the common gad for felony and other mifdemeanors, wbt many times ptrifb before tbeir trial; the poor there living idly and unimplcyed, besoms deboucheand come forth  in tie

prattles of thievery and lewdrufs: fa) For remedy whereof, be it enaded bv the King’s mod excellent majefty, with advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aifembled, and by authority of the lame. That the juftices of the peace of the relpedbve counties at any their general feftions, or the major part of them then there aifembled, if they (hall find it needful fo to do, may provide a dock of fuch materials as they find convenient for the fetting poor prifooers on work, in fuch manner and by fuch ways, as other county-charges by the laws and ftatutes of the realm are and may be levied and raifed; and to pay and provide fit persons toeverfee and to fet fuch prisoners on work; (3) and inake fuch orders for accounts of and concerning. the premifles, as (hall by them be thought needful, and for puniflunent of neg-ledts and other abufes, and for bellowing of the profit anting by the labour of the prisoners fo fet on work, for their relict, which (hall be duly obferved; and may alter, revoke or amend fuch their orders from time to time. (4) Provided that no parifh be rated above fix pence by the week towards the premises, having refpedt to the refpedave values of the feveral parilhes.

II.  And whereas fometimes by octafrn of the , and whiles by the great number of  gfeat  and

tvifoner«0<m^  hstbpened among  the prisoners, whereby it come to pafs

p . ' times that the judges.,  ju/liees and junrs have, upon occafion of tbeir

attendance at the trial of prisoners been  and  marry of then

died thereof, andfomettmes fuch infettion bath fpread in the country: I2) For (ome remedy therein, be it by the fame authority enacted, That any fheiiff of the refpe&ive counties having the cuftody of the gaol, or fuch perlons who have the cuftody of the gaol, with the advice and confent of three or more juftices of (he peace, whereof one to be of the , may if they (hall on enquiry or information find it needful, upon emergent oc-caiions in the refpe&ive counties, provide other fafe places for the removal of fick or other persons from and out of the ordinary and ufual gaols ; (3) the fame places to be ufed and irn-ployed for the reception and cuftody of the prisoners, to be by or according to their order or orders kept, ordered, difpofed and conveyed to the places appointed for the gaol-delivery, in fuch and like manner as fuch prisoners ought to be kept, ordered, difpofed and conveyed, in and from the common gaols by the laws and ftatutes of the land. Provided, no fuch place be made use of for the purpofes aforefatd, against the good and free-will of the owners therof.

III. Pro-

Sielcnefs and difeafet hap-

1667.] Anno decimo nono CAROLIII. C.4.'  *53

III.  Provided alfo, and be it ena&ed by the authority afore- Removing of faid> That the mayor, bailiff and other head officer, or any prisoners. other person and persons who have and hath the cuftody of the common gaol within any corporation of this kingdom and dominion ofWales, fhall by and with the advice ofthree or more juftices of peace within the said corporation, whereof one of them to be of the quorum, in time of infection, have the like power and authority for removing his and their prisoners into tome other convenient place within their jurifditftion as to them (hall feem fit, during the time of infection } and alfb to raife a ftock after the fame rates and proportions, as is herein before allowed to and for the feveral counties of this kingdom.

IV. Provided alfo, and be further it enafted by the authority aforefaid, as followed, (viz.) That whereas there is already provided a ftrong and fufficient meffuage in the parifh of Saint Thomas the apoftle rear the city of Exon for the purpofe afore- Exon, faid, and one thoufand pounds more by certain truftees, upon propofals and agreements made by them with certain gentlemen, juftices of the peace for the county of Devon, who have alfo pro- Devon, vided one thoufand pounds more, in order to purchase lands of inheritance for the good purpofes hereafter mentioned ; (2) be it eaa&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the said two thou-(and pounds be laid out in purchase of lands of inheritance, by order of the general feffions of the peace hereafter at any time to be held, in the name of fuch persons as by fuch order fhall be appointed. (2) Item, That the said houfe, with the ground^ therewith inclofed, be had and ufed as a common goal and work-houfe for the said cpunty in manner as is after exprefled.

(4)  Item, That an overfeer be therein placed by like order, and "by like order be removeable from time to time; which overfeer (hall have the charge, cuftody and government of the prisoners to him committed, according to this a<ft, and fhall have fifty pounds per annum during the execution of his office, and ten * pounds per annum for his deputy ; but fhall therefore take no fees for receiving, delivering or doing any other fervice relating to the prisoners, from or of any the said prisoners. (5) Item,

That the said juftices by like order from time to time fhall and may, by approbation of the ordinary, provide and appoint fom* meet and difcreet minifter to read divine fervice according to the orders of the church of England, unto the prisoners, at leaft four days in the week. That is to fay, on the Lord’s day, each Wednelday, and each Friday and Saturday, and oftner if the laid juftices fhall appoint, and to take pains in inftru&ing them each Lord’s day at the leaft, for which they may allow him thirty pounds per annum or after that rate, the reft of the profits to be for repairing the houfe, and towards finding a ftock for to fet the prisoners on work. (6) Item, That any person charged with fuch offence only for wnich clergy is allowable, if fo be he be needy and indigent, and not likely to maintain himfelf in gaol, pay by warrant of the juftice or juftices of the peace, to whom juriJGdi&ion in that behalf appertained, be committed to the faid

work-

Anno (Jecimo nono Caroli II. c.5.

1x667.

Lancafter,

Wales,

Gbcfter.

17 Car. a. c.7.

work-houfe in ordtr to his trial* (jr) and if any perfbn (hail be committed to the ordinary goal, wno (hall be or become fo indigent, he mav by warrant of three juftices of the peace* whereofone to be or the quorum, be removed from the ordinary common gaol to the (aid houfe; all which prisoners fo committed or removed (hall be in the cuftody of the overfeer, and be ordered and demeaned in the said houfe, and conveyed to the feflions or to the gaol-delivery, by like warrant, way and means, as die prisoners in other gaols by the laws and uatutes of this realm are to be ordered and demeaned.

V.  And beeaufe the said work-houfe is diflant from the ordinary common gaol, the prisoners by order from the feuions or gaol-delivery may, in order to their trials, be removed to the common gaol, to be the more ready for their trials. (2) Item, That the laid overfeer (hall give fecurity for the dock, and be liable to fuch regulations and orders for accounts and otherwife, as the feflions mall from time to time make for fetting the poorpri-foners on work there, which (hall be obeyed andobferved. That a convenient (lock be from time to time raifed at the charge of the county. (3) Item, That the said juftices of the County ia Devon may put in ure all the powers in this ad, as other juftices may in any other county by virtue thereof:

VI.  Saving to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and to every other person and perfons, and their heirs, fuccdP-fors, executors and adminiftrators, all rights, titles, claims and demands whatfoever, into or out of the (aid mcfluages and pie-mifles, as if this ad had never been made*

CAP. V.

An off extending a former aft concerning replevins and avowries, to the principality of Wales and the county palatines.

WHEREAS by an aR of parliament, intituled. An ad for the more fpeedy and efredual proceeding upon diftrefles and avowries for rents, provijton is made where any plaintiff food be nonfuit before ijfue joined tn any fait or replevin, by plaint or writ lawfully returned, removed or depending in any of the Kings courts at Weftminfter \ (2) be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords (pi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, That the said ad, and all the powers and provifions thereby made for caufes of replevins depending in his Majesty’* courts of IVeflmitifter, (hall be extended and be of the fame force and efficacy in all caufes of replevin, which are or (hall be depending in his Majesty’s court of common pleas for the county palatine of Lamajler, the courts of the great feflions of his Majesty’s principality of IVales, the court of the great feflions or alfrzes for the county palatine of Chejler, and the court of Common pleas for the county palatine of Durham, as fully and as amply for and during the continuance of the said ad, as if the said courts had been mentioned therein.

CAP,

Anno dccimo nono CAKOU H. c.6. CAP. VI.

*55

ifm aR for+cdrefs of  inconvemencies  b of proof of tit

deceafes of persons beyond I be feas or abfenting tbemfelves, upon whofe lives ejlates do depend.

WHEREAS divers  lords of manors and , have ttfed to Proof. 6«o

grant ejlates by copy of court-roll for two or mere life orb Ana. c. ti 5fwrr, according to the cuflom of their fever al manors; and have alft granted ejlates by leafe for one or more Bfe or , or elfe for years iatanmnable upon one or more life or lives; and it bath often happen td, that fuch perfonor persons for whofe life or lives Rub ejlates have been granted, have gone beyond the seas, or fo abfented themfebes far many years, that the lejfors and rever/smers cannot find out who* tbar fucb person or persons be alive or dead, by reafon whereof fuch' lejfors and reverftoners have been held out of pojfefjum of their tern* mints for many years, after all the lives upon which fucb ejlates do-pend are dead, in regard that the lejfors and reverftoners when they haw brought aflions for tbo recovery of their tenementsy have been put upon it to prove the death of their tenants, when it is abnojl im* poffible for them to difcover the fame

II. j For remedy of which mifchief fo frequently happening to fuch leflars or reverlioners, be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this.prdent parliament aflerabled, and by the authority of the fame. That Perfons be-if fuch person or perfons, for whofe life or lives fuch eftates yond the few, have been or (hall be granted as aforefaid, (hall remain beyond ™ abfenting the feas, or dfewhere abfent themfelves in this realm, by the feven fpace of feven years together, and no fufficient and evident proof Carthcw* s+6. be made of the lives of fuch person or persons refpedtively, in any action commenced for recovery of fuch tenements by the klfors or reverfioners ; in every fuch cafe the person or persons upon whofe life or lives fuch eftate depended, (hall be accounted as naturally dead ; (2) and in every adlion brought for the 'recovery of the said tenements by the leffors or reverfioners, their heirs or afligns, the judges before whom fuch adtion (hall be brought, (hall diredt the jury to give their verdidl as if the

C' n fo remaining beyond the seas, or otherwife abfenting rif, were dead.

III. And be it further enadted. That in any fuch adlion where- whatftudlb#* in the life or death of any fuch person or persons (hall come in good chal-queftion between the leflor or reverfioner and the tenant in pof-w[jurors feffion, it (hall and may be lawful for the leflor or reverfioner to uTbcii» take exception to any of the jurors returned for the trial of that caufe, that the greateft part of the real eftate of any of fuch jurors is held by leafe or copy for lives, who upon proof thereof (hall be fet afide as in cafe of other legal challenges.

IV.  Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority a- Hnojilbly * . orefaid. That nothing in this adt contained mall extend to any aods held by the life or lives of any person or persons attaint- traitorsa^* j  ed  tainted*

2 $6

Provifo for persons evift-cd by this aft, the persons not being dead.

See* Ann. c. it.

EXP.

*6 Car. a. c.5.

# Fran /£// place the fubfe• quint affs are Jiaid to be de-cimo nopo Sc vicefitno Car.

a. by the pile of

the roll*

Anno decamp nono Caroli It. c.yt-  [1667.

cd of treafon for the horrid murder of his late Majesty of blefled memory, who now conceal or hide themfelves, which lands are or have been vetted in his Majesty, and are now granted to his royal highness the duke of Tori, but that the courfe of evidence heretofore ufed in fuch cafes (hall be had and ufed j any thing to the contrary in this aft notwithftanding.

V. Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That if any perfoa or persons fhall be evifted out of any lands or tenements by virtue of this aft, and afterwards if fuch person or persons upon whofe life or lives fuch eftate or eftates depend, fhall return again from beyond the seas, or lhall on proof in any adrion to be brought for recovery of the fame, be made appear to be living, or to have been living at the time of the eviction; that then and from thenceforth the tenant orleflee, who was outed of the £une, his or their executors, adminiftrators or affigns, fhall or may re-enter, repoffefs, have, hold and enjoy the said lands or tenements in his or their former eftate, for and during the life or lives, or fo long term as the said person or persons upon whofe life or lives the said eftate or eftates depend, (hall be living; (2) and alfo (hall upon aftion or aftions to be brought by him or them against the leflors, reverfioners or tenants in potfefiion, or other persons refpeftively, which fince the time of the said eviction received the profits of the said lands or tenements, recover for damages the full profits of the said lands or tenements refpe&ively, with lawful intereft for and from the time that he or they were outed of the said lands or tenements, and kept and held out of the fame by the said lefTors, reverfioners, tenants or other perfons, who after the said evi&ioa received the profits of the said lands or tenements, or any of them refpe&ively, as well in the cafe when the said person or persons upon whofe life or lives fuch eftate or eftates did depend, are or (hall be dead at the time of bringing of the said a&ion or actions, as if the said person or persons were then living.

CAP. VII.

An act to prevent the difturbances of feamen and others, and to prtfervc the ftores belonging to his Majesty *s navy royal.

Who may examine and punifh offences and difturbances committed by (ea-men relating to the navy, lmbezilling of ftores and ammunition of the navy. Encouragement of mariners and foldiers lerving in the fleet. Abtrediy ax Sc 23 Car. i. c. 13. f. 10. The continuance of this aft for two years, See.

CAP. VIII.

An act for granting the fum of twelve hundred fifty fix thoufand three hundred forty-feven pounds thirteen fhillings, to the King's majefty, towards the maintenance of the prefent war. EXP.

CAP. IX. (*ftat. 2. c. I.)

An act for taking the accounts of the feveral fums of money therein mentioned. EXP.

CAP. X. (c. 2.)

An aft fer b?nifluog and difenahhng the earl of Clarendon.

cap

€>08.] Anno vioefimo Caroli II'. c.i,2.  257

CAP. XI. (c. 3.)

An aft tomske prize (hips free for trade. EXP.  /  '

CAP. XII. (c. 4.)

An act for affigning orders in the exchequer without revocation.

Orders regiftred in the auditor’s office of the receipt may be affignecL The alVignor may notrevoke liis alignment. Auditor's tee. The continuance of this aft. Cntmuid by 11 & it W. 3. c. 13. fir ftvtn ywn Jr-tun September one thoufandfe*vtn hundred, EXP.

CAP. XIII. (c. 5.)  .  'V1;.,

An act for fettling freedom and intercourfe of trade between England

and Scotland.

T*wcfve Englifh commiffioners to meet fome from Scotland, to treat 5 Ann. c. & exmeeming liberry and freedom of trade. Who nwy fufpend penalties. The agreement between them drawn into writing, (hall be of force.

i

~/lnno regni Caroli  fecundt Regis

Francia, & Hibernia,  \

J  Note. that

AT the parliament begun at Weftminfter the, eighth day tint it no of May, Anno Dom. one tbokfahd fix hundred Jixty- tbenTalio one, in the thirteenth year of the reign of our fovereign lord Charles, by the grace of God, cf England,

Scotland, France and Ireland, King defender of the faith, dec.and there continued by feveral prorogations and adjournments to the  fixtbof February one  thfix hundred 1

feven. Anno 20 Car. 2. and then held. From whence it is continued by adjournment made the ninth day , May one thoufand fix hundred fixty-eight,to the eleventh day of Au>» guft next following.

CAP, I.

An afi for railing jbree hundred and ten thoufand pound*, by inira-pontion on wines and other liquors. EXP.

CAP. II.

An a£l fdr the better payment of monies received for the ttfe of the crown.  '

FOR form remedy of tbegreat abufes by receivers* reeves* bailiffs, Abufes bv re-colieftors, and other officers and per fins, not making due payment ceivers, bai-' of monies and duties received for bis Majejlfs ufe, and in detaining the fame in their own hands* for their private lucre and advantage*

(2) be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons,,in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all the said officers and mini-fters aforefaid, do use all diligence to receive and gathef the monies due tO his Majesty, within their feveral and refpeftive receipts and collections; and after the receipt thereof, to anfwer and pay the fame according to their refpedtive duties; (?) and Vol. VIII.  S  that

 L.ooq le

*58

Monies received for the King's use to be paid into the exchequer.

The penalty for negleft.

Procefs to be awarded.

Provifo for Iheriff's ac-counts.

Anno vicefimoCa*qli II. c.j. £*668.

that all and every the person and persons aforefiud, who haring received the said monies, have not duly accounted, and thereupon paid fo much a9 by fuch account refted due to his Majesty, into the receipt of the exchequer, or to fuch person or perfons, and in fuch manner as the fame ought to be paid, and fhall not pay the lame as aforefaid before the first day of JuJ}, which fhall be in the year of our Lord God one thoufend fix hundred fixty-eight, lhall from henceforth anfwer and pay to his Majesty, damages after the rate of twelve pounds per cent. by the Year, until the principal monies be fullv accounted for and paid in, together with fuch damages as aforefaid, which (hall be charged upon them in their account, whereof they (hall not be difcharged until payment made, as well of the said damages, as principal monies, according to the true meaning of this ad.

II.  And further. That all and every person and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, who having received any monies or duties due to the King’s majefty, (hall not duly account for and pay the fame according to the courfe of the exchequer, into the receipt there, or to fuch person or persons to whom the lame ought to be paid according to law, within two months next after the feme (hall have been fo received, (hall from thenceforth anfwer and pay to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, damages for all fuch monies and duties, after the rate of twelve pounds per cent. by the year, for fo long time a$ the fame (hall bt detained, or not paid, by the judgment and diredHon of the court of exchequer, without any power of abatetnenr or infbl-ment to be made or allowed for the fame, or any part thereof; (2) and that the procefs of the laid court (hall be forthwith awarded against all the said perfons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs, executors and adminiftrators, chargeable with anr of the said monies, for the fpeedy and efleftual levying thereof, with damages for the fame as aforefeid, according to the true meaning of this aft; any other law, ftatute, ufege, privilege or pretence whatfoever to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

III.  Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hail extend to alter the time or way of accounting of any (heriff within this kingdom, for any part of his Majesty’s ancient revenue, or other profits anciently collected or accounted for by the fhe-riffs, or to make them liable to any new penalty for the feme.

CAP. IU.

An act for the increafe and prefervation of timber within the fbreft of

Dean.

Scarcity of timber. Ten thotifand acres in tlm foreft of Dean to be is. clofed. And one thouland acres. Conlmifliorters may fell decayed trees to make and maintain the said indofures. When and bow much fhall be laid open, and by what authority. As much (hall be indofed anew as hath been fo opened. Wood fit to be felled, mull be viewed and marked by the juftices- The penalty for cutting wood contrary to this aft. Foreit laws to be put in execution. Tfie euclofcd lands aU re-afiorefted. All ellates made out of it to any person whatever, to be null and void. The King may reftore a game oFdeer, but not above eight hundred. Provifo tor owners, tenants and occupiers. Former • offences remitted. Pannage (hall be re-enjoyed after Mich. 16S;. And

when

166S.) Anno vicefimo Caroli II. c.4,5.  459

when and in what manner all other privileges. Provifo for the inhabitants of St. Frenis to enjoy the wood growing upon a place called Hud-nals. Miners rights (aved. Letters patents for certain woods and iron* works, fa ved. Provifo for Thomas Prefton and dame Mary Stan-hop. Maly-Scot and other lands of Sir Edward Villers, excepted.

Saving for Aaniftree Mainard. How far the metes and bounds at the forelt (hall extend. Coal Mines and grindftene quarries may be leafed.

CAP. IV.

jfn aft for proceeding to judgment on writs of error brought in the exchequer.

WHEREAS by a statute made in the fixteenth year of the ,$ Car. i.e.z. Kings moji excellent majefty, it was enafled, That the not earning of the lord chancellor and ford treafurer, or either of them, at tha day of the return of any writ of error to be fued forth by yirtue 31 E J. 3. flat-of the statute made in the one and thirtieth year of the reign of King «• c. i». Edward the Thirds /hall not caufe any abatement or difcontinuance of any fuch writ of error \ (2) but if both the chief jujlices of either bench, or either of them, or any one of the said great officers, the lord chancellor or lord treafurer, Jball come to the exchequer-chamber, and there be prefent at the day of the return of any fuch writ of error, it  I

/hall be no abatement or difcontinuance, but the fuit /hall proceed in  1

lata, to all intents and pier/oft, as if both the lord chancellor and lord  1

treafurer had come atm been prefent at the day and place pfthe return of any fuch writ'y {f)‘in which faidjlatute it is provided, That no  <1

judgment /ball be given its fuch fuit or Writ of error, unlefs both the lord chancellor and lord treafurer be prefent thereat. And whereas at  .  a

this Prefent time there' ts no lord treafurer, and therefore by reafon cf the find provifo ho judgment can be had in any writ or writs of error, brought and yet depending, or to be brought, to the great charges and  >

prejudice of his Miyeffs fubjefts, and deldy of juft ice: (4) for re- Judgment  1

medy wherein,be ft therefore enafled by the King's itioft ex- pay be given cellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords in w.rits cr~ fprritual and temporal, and th* comrtions, in parliament af- fcnc^oFthe fembled,That judgment (hall or may be given in any fuit, of writ lord keeper, or writs of error now depending, or hereafter to be brought in the notwithftand. exchequer, in the prefence of the lord keeper of the great feal of j-n*

England, notwithftanding the vacancy of a lord treafurer, in iprdtreafurer. fuch manner as hath been accuftomed when there was prefent : ’ r# the said two great officers the said provifo in the said ftatute, r ~ or any thing elfe therein cqntained, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.  *  *  x

CAP. V.

An afl for giving liberty to buy and export leather, and (kins tanned or EXP.

drefled.

fJxtv the tjth of March 1668. all forts of leather, may be exported. The continuance of this afl to 1675, &c. further continued by 1 Jac. 1. c.!3.

1 W .Sc M. fe(T. 1. c. 23. 1 Ann. Hat. 2. c. 13. 9 Ann. c. 6. U 3 Geo.

*.c. 7. f. 1.

S2  CAP.

Anno viccfimo Caroli II. 0.6,7.  [ 1668.

CAP. VI.

An act to regulate the trade of filk-tbrowing.

WHEREAS the art of working and throwing offill (for mam years paft giving implement to the poor of the kingdom) herb Silk-throw- °f^t€ ^een obfiruftedy by reajon that the prefent mafter and warden^ ing obttru&ed an^ P°rt °f ™e offjlants and commonalty of the trade, art or myfterj by a by-law. of ftk-throwers of the city of London, have endeavoured to put in execution a certain by-law, by them made near forty years ftnccy refraining andJlinting the freemen of the said company, that they Jball not work with above the number of one hundred andfxty fpindles at one time, and the affjlants of the said company with above the number of two hundred and forty fpindles : which is an hindrance to tht growth and improvement cf the said art, and a rejlraint to the working of filks in this kingdom, which is of late much improved, and is the Jubfijlence and livelihood of many thoufand poor families*, and puts the traders in that commodity upon a necejfty of ufng foreign thrown-filk.

II. Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent ma-The fame by- jefty, with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tem-^oid^and the P°raN and commons, aflembled in parliament. That the laid * my dif- by-law is hereby void and null, and the laid company are hereto make by difabled from making any by-law for the future which (hall ~ restrain or limit the number of mills, fpindles or other utenfils to be employed by any of the freemen of the said company, in or about the said art or myftery.

Silk-winders III. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforelaid. That if w doublers any filk-winder or doubler (nail hereafter be found faulty in be committed unJuftly> deceitfully or falfly purloining, imbezilling, pawning,

com

any fuch re-ftraint,

to prifon.

13 & 14. Car. %. c. 15. f. 6.

Apprentices.

xS Car. S.C.S.

felling or detaining any filk committed to his or their trait. That then any juftice of peace, mayor, bailiff or chief officer of any county, liberty or corporation, (hall immediately upon convi&ion by confeffion of the party, or upon the oath of ooe withefs before any of the said juftice or.juftices of the peace or other officer, commit to prifon or to the house of corre&ion the offender, till fatisfa&ion be given to the party wronged or punilhment infli&ed, as by an a£t of parliament intituled. An aS for regulating the trade of filk-throwing, made this prefent parliament, is diredled and appointed; any thing in the said a6t contained to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftandine.

IV. And be it further enabled. That no by-law already made or hereafter to be made by the said company, (hall or may limit or confine any freeman ot the said company to take a lefs number than three apprentices at any time.

CAP. VII.

An additional a£l against the importation of foreign cattle.

, \\T HE R E A S by an act of this prefent parliament, intituled, An * * aagainft importing cattle from Ireland and other parts beyond the seas, and fifh taken by foreigners, amongjl other things y provifion was made again/! importation of cattle from parts

beyond

668.] Anno vicefimoCAROLi II, c.7.  261

ry&nd the feat: and it teas thereby enabled. That fuch importation Importation and after the fecond day of February which was in the year ^ondVcaa*1 thoufand fix hundred fixty-fix, was a publick nufance, and nufance. 'otzld be fo adjudged, deemed and taken to all intents and purpofes 5 2.) ana that if any great cattle, Jheep or fwine, or any beef, or* or bacon (except for the necejfory provtfton of the refpeftive yxjps or veffels in which the fame should be brought, not expofing the 2ms to face) should from and after the said fecond day of February, y any wife whatfover, be imported or brought from beyond the seas this kingdom of England, dominion of Wales or town of Ber-Tweed, That then it should and might be lawful for any on/lable, tithingman, headborough, church-warden or overfeers of be poor, or any of them, within their refpeftive liberties, parishes or >la**s, to take and feize the fame; (3) and keep the fame during the (pace of eight and forty hours, in Jme publick or convenient place where fuch fetTpireJhould be made; .within which time, if the owner or owners, or any for them or him, should make it appear unto fome ruflice of the peace of the fame county where the fame should Jo be foisted,, by the oath of two credible witnejfes, that the fame were not imported from Ireland or from any other place beyond the seas not therein after excepted, after the said fecond day of February, Then the fame, upon the warrant of fuch juftice of peace, should be delivered without delay \ but in default of fuch proof and warrant, then the fame to be forfeited, me half thereof to be difpofed to the use of the poor of the parijbwhere the fame jhall be Jo found orfeized, the ether to be to Ins or their own use that should Jo feize the fame.

* II. Notwithjlanding which all, and the good provtfton thereby, great number of cattle, Jheep and fwine, and great quantities of beef, * pork and bacon, have ftnee the time limited by the said aft been importedfrom Ireland and other places beyond the seas, as well in foreign as Englifh Jbips and vejfels, contrary to the good intent of the fain aft, and in continuance of the said nufance and in high contempt of the  Car. s.c. a.

authority of parliament: (2) and divers church-wardens, conjlables, tsthmgmen and overfeers of the poor living near the fea,for their own private lucre, having combined with the owners of Juch cattle, Jbeep, fwine, beef, pork and bacon, imported as aforefaid, or with their agents, have colourably feized, and afterwards privately and fraudulently fold the fame at very low and inconfiderable rates, to the said owners or their agents: (3) and other of the said officers who have dif-charged their duties in the due execution of the said aft, have been mo-lejled therefore, and fevcral aftions, fuits, plaints and informations have been brought and profecuted againjl fome of them in counties and places far dijlant from their habitations, to their great charge and difeouragement. (4) For the vindication therefore of the authority of parliament from fuch bold affronts, and the indemnifying a9 well of fuch officers, who have faithfully endeavoured the execution of the said a dt (although they have not ftrickly purfued the fame in every circumftance) as of fuch other person and per-fons who have adfed in their aid and afliftancc, and for the better and further fuppreffion of the said nufance ; (5) be it enadted by the Kfog’a moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice

S3  and

t£z

Anno vicefimo Caroli IL c.y.

f 166S.

Any perfon

may leife import td cattle, and deliver tir m to the

officer.

and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, ana by authority of the fame, That all and every conftable, tithingman, headborough, All officers church-warden and overieer of the poor, and every other pcrfon who^have^eif- or persons who have aCted in or concerning the feizure, fccep-ed any im- ing, detaining or difpofing of any cattle, (neep, fwine, bee^ ported cattle, pork or bacon, imported contrary to the (aid a<St, after the (aid harm fccond day of February, (hall be and are hereby Caved harm-Importation of anc* indemnified in that behalf, against the owner or owners bacon provided thereof at the time of fuch importation, their executors and ad-f°rby 5 Sc 6 W. miniftrators, and every other person or persons claiming from, &M. c.i. f. ^ or undcr their gift, grant or other difpofition, and against a3 and every person and persons to whom any fraudulent (ale hath been made after fuch importation as afanefaid, and their and every of their executors and adminiftrators.

III. And it is provided, and further enaCted, That not only the conftables and officers above-named, but every or any other inhabitant or inhabitants of or within the liberties, parifhes and places, where fuch importation (hall be made, (hall and may take and feize the cattle and goods fo imported, and after fuch feizure (hall forthwith deliver or caufe them to be delivered to the conftable, tithingman, headborough, church-warden or overfeers of the poor, or any of them, within the refpt&ivc liberties, parUhes and places atorefaid, to be kept, ordered and dif-pofed in the manner, and to the ufes and purpofes in this aft and in the said recited a& or either of them mentioned and direded. The forfeiture IV. And it is further enaCted, That if no feizure at all (hall offuchas neg. be made by the officers or inhabitants, nor any of them, within lea to feife. tbe liberty, parifh or place where fuch cattle or goods as tfore-faid (hall be first imported, then fuch liberty, parilh and pbccy and the inhabitants thereof, neglecting to make fuch feizure, for every default (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, which (hall beimployed for the ufeofthehoufe of correction within the county or liberty where fuch default of feizure (hall be ; {2) and the monies fo to be forfeited, and other the penalties and forfeitures which are to accrue to the poor by virtue of this aft and the said recited aA, or either of them, (hall be accounted for to fuch perfons, at fuch times and in fuch manner, as the overfeers of the poor are appointed to account by the statute made in the three and fortieth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, chapter the fecond.

Shiptbringing V. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That cattle, &c. every (hip or veflel, with all her tackle and apparel, in which any great cattle, fwine, (beep, beef, pork or bacon, from and feited, feifed^ a^tcr four and twentieth day of March in the year of our and fold; Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and feven, (hall be imported from Ireland, or any other parts beyond the seas, into the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Bersrtl upon Tweed, and out of which they or any of them (hall be put on (hore there, (hall be forfeited: (2) ana that it (hall and mij be lawful to and for any person or. perfons* within the fpac? of

44 Eliz. c. 2.

one

4>68.] Anno vicefimo CAftOLl II. c.7.

>ne year after fech importation, to take and feize the fame (hip 3 w veflcl, with all her tackle and apparel, and to make fale there- The money to the beft advantage ; and that one half of the monies to be raifcd thereby, raifed by fueh fale (hali te difpofed of to the use of the poor of rorfatbe°thC tiie parifh where the fame (hall be fo feized, the other half to tebther to the to his or theli* use that (hall fo feize the fame: (3) and alfo that informer or i* (haH and may be lawful to and for any juftice of peace of the («(br. county, or chief officer of the port-town in or near the place -where fuch importation (hall be made, or where any of the cattle, fheep, fwine, beef, pork or bacon fo imported (hall be driven or brought, by Warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice of peace or chief officer, to caufe to be apprehended all and every the mafters, mariners and feamen, having charge of or belong-i ng to fuch (hip or veflel m which fuch importation (hall be made, The feamen

(4)  and all and every other person and persons acting or imploy- to be appre-ed in the landing, driving, attending on, or taking care or h*1*1*^ and charge of the said cattle, (heep, fwine, beef, pork or bacon im-  and*1”

ported as aforefaid, and them to commit to the common gaol of fcnt to rhe the said county, there to remain Without bail or mainprize for common gaoh the fpace of three months.  .  ,  ,

VI. And be it further enadled and declared by the authority If any officer aforefaid. That whenfoever and as often as it (hall happen, either to

«  /•  .  1  .  .  /-  r.l.i . rf\   feite. another

overfeer of the poor, or that it (hall happen any Otherwifo how- one half, civ-* fbever, that any great cattle, (heep, fwine, beef, pork or bacon, ,nS *hc °™cr after the first feizure of them, or any of them, by virtue of the t0 iht V°°T' aforefaid adt, fhall be driven, brought, carried into or found in any other parifti or place than where the fame (hall be first feiz-ed, as aforefaid ; that then and (o often, and from time to time, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the conftable, tithingman, headborough, church-warden or overfeer of the poor of every or any fuch other pari(h or place where fuch great cattle, (heep, fwine, beef, pork or bacon (hall be brought, driven or carried into, or found, as aforefaid, to feize, take and difpofe the feme, and every or any of them as forfeited, the one moiety thereof to the use of the poor of fuch other parifti or place where fuch feizure (hall be made, the other to the use of fuch officer or officers who (hall feize the fame, as aforefaid ; any other or former feizure or feizures in any other parifti or parifties, place or places, notwithftanding.

VII.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Trial in the That if any a<ftion, bill, plaint, fuit or information, is or (hall c£unry be commenced or profecuted against any person or perfons, for a&oi^arifeth. any feizure or other thing made or done, or to be made or done, by virtue or colour of this 01* the aforefaid a; and upon the tnal of fuch a<ftion, bill, plaint, fuit or information, it (hall not be proved to the jury that (hall try the fame, that the caufe of fueh atftion, biH, plaint, fuit or information, did arife within fuch ebbrity whCrfe fuch a<5Hon, plaint,' fuit or information is laid and tried, tHc'defencfent ahd'defcndanrs (hall be found not

S 4

guilty.

Z64:

Anno vicefyno Caroli IL c.8.

[166I.

General iflue.

Defendant to have treble cofti.

Rrovifo to import cattle from the iile of Man.

Confederacy to elude thia a& incurs a preamnire.

s6 R.s. c. 5.

guilty* without having regard to any evidence given by or for the plaintiff, informer or profecutor.

VIII.  And be it further enadked by the authority aforefaid, That if any a&ion, biU, plaint, fuit or information, hath been orfhaU be commenced or profecuted against any per ion orper-fons, for any feizure or other thing done or made, or to be done or made, in purfuance or execution of this or the aforefaid ad; Aich person or persons fo fued in any court whatfoever, may plead the general iffue, and give this and the aforefaid ad, and the fpecial matter, in evidence for their excufe or juftifkabon: La) and if the plaintiff or profecutor (hall become nonfuit, or forbear profecution, or fuffer difcontinuance, or if a verbid pais agginft him in any fuch a&ion, bill, plaint, fuit or information, as aforefaid) the defendant (hall have treble cqfts, for which they (hall have the like remedy as in any cafe where cofts by the lav are given to the defendant.

IX.  Provided always. That nothing in this a# (hall be con-ftrued to hinder the importation of cattle from the ijle of Man into this kingdom of England, fo as the number of the (aid cattle do not exceed fix hundred head yearly, and that they be not of any other breed than of the breed of the ijle of Man, and that they be landed at the port of Chafer, or lome of the members thereof, and not dfewhere.

X.  And it is laftly ena&ed, That if any person or persons (hall wilfully and fraudulently confpire, confederate or agree together, to avoid or evade the Seizures or forfeitures upon importation of cattle or goods in this prefent aA particularly fpecined, and the fame (hall put in execution; then every fuch person and perfons, being thereof lawfully indided or presented within one year next after fuch offence by him or them committed, and being thereof lawfully convi<5led or attainted at any time after, according to the laws of this realm, (hall incur the dangers, penalties, pains and forfeitures, contained and provided in and by the statute of provifion and pramunire, made in the fixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second.

CAP. VIII.

An act for the taxing and affeffing of the lands of the adventurers within the great level of the fens.

i5Car.a. c.17. :IX7HEREAS by an aft made in this prefent parliament, intitu-VV Ud, An a& for fettling the draining of the ereat level of the fens called Bedford Level $ it is amorig/t other things ttiadU^ That the governor, bailiffs and confervators of the corporation in the said aft mentioned, and by virtue of the fame from time to time to k elefted and appointed, for the time being, or any five or more of them (whereof the governor and bailiffs for the time being, or any of them, to be two) should and might from thenceforth use the power and authority of commifftoncns ef lowers within the said great level, and front time to time lay and impo/e,taxes upon the ninety-five thoufand aem within the said level in thf faid^ aft mentioned, for the maioumu and prefesvatiort of the fame, ns by the said aftappeareth .*• {%) and

wbereos

-m66%.} Anno vicefimo CaroLi II. c.8.  2£5.

meubereas finee the making of the jaid ctfl, the governor, bailiffs and confervators of the feud corporation, in execution. of the pouter and authority thereby to them given, have laid and impofed taxes upon the Taxes impof-_/aid ninety-five thoufand acres, for the Purpofis by thy said aft fpeci- ed at ascertain ffied and appointed* wherein they have proceeded by way of An. acre-tax, rate per acre. ext a certain rate by the acre, and baveinfarced the payment, of the fame after that manner, to the. great damage-ef divers the adventurers and participants, for that the said ninety-five thoufand acres are riot only much different in the natural richnejs and barrennefs of their foil, but* likewise Come parts of the said lands are by frequent inundations and Hherwift, exceedingly pejorated and made worfe, and (be torn, hay, feed or grafs thereupon often defireyed » yet the fame lands areequaiiy taxed with the befit and mefi fecure lands in the said level, asafertfaid-,

(3)  the which said way of raifing draining-taxes upon the said ninety~

fie thoufand acres, by an equal acre-rate, hath been foundto he incon- unequal and venient \ and for removing the said inconvenience, the food governor, inconvenient. bailiffs and confervators, have of late proceeded to a more indifferent way of taxing of the said ninety-five thoufand acres (that is to fay) by a gradual acre-tax of five forts, upon eighty-three thoufand acresy part of the said ninety-five thoufand acres, and by a medium of the twelve thoufand acres, rejidue of the said ninety-five thoufand acres r

(4)  and to the intent that encouragement may be given for the better improving of the said ninety-five thoufand acre** and that a conftant and certain way of taxing may be continued and eftablifhed for the future;

II. Be it enadled by the King’s mod excellent roajefty, by an{t with the advice and aflent of the lords foiritual and temporal,r and commons, in this parliament aflembled, and by the autho-/ rity of the fame. That all taxes hereafter to be fet and impofed Taxes here-for the maintenance and prefervation of the said great level, are aS^5>i!>etiie hereby appointed and declared to be from time to time aflefied L>vemor^ &c. and taxed by the fajd governor, bailiffs and confervators, or their by a gradual fuccefiors, or any five or more of them, whereof the said gover- acre-tax. nor and bailiffs for the time being, or any of them, to be two, upon the said eighty-three thoufand acres, part and parcel of the said ninety-hve thoufand acres, by a gradual acre-tax of different forts and values of landsj the which said gradual acre-tax fet as aforefaid, and all future gradual acre-taxes to be fet, fhall be received, paid and levied, with like penalties in the (aid recited a# provided for non-payment of taxes, by fuch and the like way6 and means as by the (aid recited a& are provided for to be paid1 and levied: (2) and the said eighty-three thoufand* acres, for raifing taxes for fupport and maintenance of the great level, are not to be rated or aflefled otherwife, or in any other manner than according to a gradual acre-tax of different fort* and degrees, and according to the refpe&ive values and rate* thereby fet and rated, and to be fet ^nd rated as is hereafter appointed, upon the said eighty-three thoufand acres * any law* statute or oth^r thing to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withfianding.

v HI. And whereas the said twelve thoufand acres,, ref due of the faid

ninety-

Fifteen-pence per acre.

Wednefday, Thurfday and Friday after the first Sun* day in April.

Serjeant at ^ mace to deli* ver poiTcflion.

Anno vicefimd Caroli IL c;8/  f1669.

ninety-five thoufand acres, an by the (did gradual acfe-tax towards the raiftng ef the fum of fix thoufand one hundred and ten pounds jeven Jhillings one half•peny, rated and taxed at one Jbilling threepence per acre, being a medium, as if the whole ninety-five thoufand^ acres had been rated, taxed and ajfejfed at fifteen pence per acre; (2} be it further enalted by the authority atorefaid,* That when and fo often as a tax of the laid fum of fix thoufand one hundred and ten pounds feven (hillings one peny half-peny, (hall be taxed and aflefled upon the &id ninety-five thouiand acres, that then the £ud twelve thoufirad acres (hall be rated, taxed and aflefled by the said governor, bailiffs and confervators, and tbeir fucceflors, or any five or more of them, whereof the said governor and bailiffs, or any of them, to be two, at fifteen pence the acre, and according to the proportion, for the railing ot any greater or lefler fum than fix thoufand one hundred and ten pounds feven (hillings one peny half-peny, to be received, paid and levied, together with penalties, in fuch and the like manner as the taxes let and impofed, or to be fet and impofed, upon the said eighty-three thoufand acres, are by this alt provided for to be received, paid and levied. (2) And be it further enalted and declared by the authority aforemid, That no taxes to be fet by virtue of this alt (hall be fet or impofed upon the said ninety-five thoufand acres by the said governor, bailiffs and confervators, or their fucceflors, or any five or more of them, but upon Wednefday,, Thurfday and Friday next after the first Sunday in Aprils or (bine or one of them three days yearly for ever, and not at any other time; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary thereof not* withstanding.

IV.  And whereas by the said recited aft it is amongjl other things provided. That fades for non-payment of taxes Jhall be made at Ely upon Wednesday and Thurfday in Whitfun-week yearly, the which feafon is found to be inconvenient; (2) for remedy whereof, be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after Whitfun-week, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty-eight, those days for Tales (hall be altered and changed unto the said Wednefiay, Thurfday and Friday after the said first Sunday in April in every year; and all other matters and things concerning or relating to fales for non-payment of taxes, by the said recited alt provided, are to ftand in force, and to be obferved; with this, that the ferjeant at mace of the said great level, (hall from time to time by precept under the feal of the corporation of the said great level, m nature of a writ of habere fad pojfefjionem at common law, deliver pofleflion unto fuch perum or persons as (hall purchase any part of the (aid ninety-five thouiand acres for non-payment of taxes; and the said governor, bailiffs and confervators are hereby reguired and authorized to affix the feal of the said corporation, from time to time, to fuch precept or precepts, at the charge of the parties requiring the fame; any law, ftatute, ufage or cuftom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

V.  And to the end that the said eighty-three thoufand acres may be

more

x €68.] Anno vicefimo Caxoli II. c.8.'  267

more equally rated by a gradual acre-tax, net under the number of fe-

TJtn fortSy (2) be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Name* of the

That Edward Partheridge efq 5 Samuel Fortrey efq; Richard Ma- Purveyors who

riot ttq \Jehn Mngay jenas Moore,  efquires 5 ^ landing

jfntheny Hammy efq ; Mark le Pta gent, and John Bridgman, ju-  forts,

nior, gent, or any three or more of them, are hereby conftituted

and appointed to be furveyors and valuers of the said eighty-

three thoufand acres, and are within twelve months next after

the palling of this a ft to digeft the (aid eighty-three thouland

acres into fuch number of forts or degrees of land* hot under

the number of feven forts and degrees; and to rite and tax

fuch degrees, and digeft the fame into fchedules in writing, and

make returns thereof upon their oaths into the fen-oflfce 5 the

form of which said oath (hall be, (viz.)

(3) / A.B. do fwtar, That according to the bejl of my jtill and Their oath. knowledge I will faithfully difeharge the truft of furvejing, forking; dividing and rating ofeighty-tbree thoufand aeres, parcel of ninety-five thoufand acres, within the great level of the fens, known by the name of Bedford Level, according to feven degrees or morey as I upon rny oath /ball think moft equal.

VI.  The which said oath the (kid governor, bailiffs and con-fervators, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorized to adminifter, and alfo to allow unto the said furveyors or valuers fuch reafonable charges for their travel and pains therein as they fhall think fit 5 (2) and after the fame are returned into the Returns to be said fen-office, and there publickjy fet up; which said return is made and fet hereby enaAed to be made within one month, after the furvey taken, and the feveral valuations by the parties to that purpofe officc^ cn" by this a<ft appointed and agreed upon, and all parties aggrieved „ may take their exceptions within thirty days next after the fame ire fet bp; and within f6rty days next after fuch exceptions taken, may appeal for relief unto the said governor, bailiffs and Confervators, or any five dr rtroredf them, for altering the said Schedules in the rates and values complained of, fo ai the parties appealing (hall profecute the said appeal within the said forty days, and not at any time after: (3) and in cafe the said go- parties grieved vemor, bailiffs and confervators, (hall not within the said forty may appeal to days relieve the said parties grieved, or if the said parties (hall commiflioners. not be fatisfied with the determination of the said governor, bailiffs and confervators. That then the said parties may appeal unto Sir Henry North hart. Sir Levinus Bennet hart. Sir Robert Brook of Yoxford knt. Sir Edmond Poohy knt* Henry Williams, Robert Apprccee, Richard Nayler, Humphrey Orrne, Morris Ttejhdm, Laurence Oxborough, Henry Fatrer junior, Edward Barber, Matthew Wren, Thomas Marfan Henry Hitch doctor of laws, Thomas Steward, Anthony Fifaer, Matthias Taylor, John Towers, efquires, and Barrage Martin gent, or any three or more of them, Who are hereby conftituted and -appointed commiflToners of appeal to tear and determine fuch complaints, and to give relief therein Their power.

as

  /

Aim© vicefimo Caroli II. €.8*  [i66$m

as they (hill fee caufe, and. to award cofts to either parties as they mall fee caufe; the which said cofts may be recovered fay action of debt in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weft* minfler, wherein no efloiit or wager of law (hall be allowed; which said appeals to the commiffioners (hall be duly profecuted by the (aid parties grieved, within two months next alter the expiration of the forty days, and not at any time after: (4) the which (aid fchedules, with all the alterations, if any (nail be made by the said coiner ation, wherewith the parties (hall reft fatisfied, or by the determination of the said commtflioners of appeal, are hereby confirmed, and (hall be a conftant rule and foundation for the rating and taxing of the (aid eighty-three thoufaad acres for the future, for maintenance and prefervatkra of the works made and to be made within or without the (aid great level of the fens*. (5) and that the said governor, bailiffs and confervators, nor their fncceflbrs, nor any of diem, (hall tax or a fiefs the said eighty-three thoufand acres otherwife than by and according to the (aid fchedules, and to be returned or confirmed as aforefaid. (6) And it is declard, That the (aid twelve thoufand acres, refidue of the (aid ninety-five thoufand acres, (hall be rated and taxed by a medium towards all taxes hereafter to be laid, as by the said tax made the (aid twentieth day of June is provided, and not otherwife.

VII.  And it is hereby further enafted, That a tax of the (aid fum of fix thoufand one hundred and ten pounds feven (hillings: one pen/ half-peny, (hall and may be fet by the said governor, bailiffs and confervators, or any five or more of them, in Ff'bU-fun-week next, upon the said eighty-three thoufand acres, according to the said gradual acre-tax of five degrees, upon the said twelve thoufand acres, at fifteen pence per acre; and for non-payment (hall and may* be levied by fales on fVednefday+ - Thurfday or Friday, after the said first Sunday in April then next following} and that from thenceforth all future taxes (hall be laid and ixftpofed upon theiaid eighty-three thoufand acres by a gradual acre-tax, not under feven degrees, and twelve thoufand acres, in fuch manner and form as by this aft is provided, and not otherwife: (2) and whereas Sir Miles Sandys the elder, and Sir Miles Sandys the younger, were adventurers and participants with Francis late earl ^Bedford in the said level, and had an inte~ rejl in feveral /bares, lots and proportions, in the said great level; the right, title and interejl in great part of which Jaid J fares and lots, were, as appears by indenture bearing date the twelfth day of June im the firfl year of his now Majefly's reign, made between Sir Miles Sandys the younger, of the one part, and Thomas Sandys efq ; and Robert Sandys clerk, Humberftone Marfh efq; Samuel Spalding gent. William Wolfon clerk, and John Kirk, of the fecond part, and Samuel Sandys of Omberftey, efq ; on the third part, fettled iut feyeral truftees therein named, in truft for the payment of aU fuch taxes as fbouldbe due for or in refpefl of the Jaid lands mentioned in the said indenture, and after in truft for the pairing of the [aid Samuel Samlysr^j from ail fuch debts as be the said Samuel Sandys flood

engaged

i668.) Anno vkeftmo CaRoli II. c.8.  269

engaged for the proper debts of the fad Sir Miles Sandys the elder, and Sir Miles Sandys the younger: Jince which find indenture Jo bad and made* the /aid Samuel Sandys /£* elder has pend great Jams of money for and towards the jatisfahion of the jaid debts of Sir Miles Sandys the elder* and Miles Sandys the younger* and yet hath reaped no benefit by virtue of the said deed of trujlfo as aforefiid made far bis fecurity* although by an aft made by this prefent parliament* intitukd9 An act for fettling the draining of the great level of i5Car.*.c.i7« the fens, called Bedford Level* the said Samuel Sandys ought to have had a conveyance of the /hares andlots mentioned in the said indenture : but in regard the said Samuel Sandys efa; nor any in trujl far him could procure any conveyance? which hath proved very prejudicial to the said Samuel Sandys the elder:

VIII.  Be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent tnajefty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in

this prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame.  1

That all the (aid lots and (hares in the laid indenture mention* pd* (except only fuch lands of the said half (hare as were really fold by Sir Miles Sandys the ftder, or Sir Miles Sandys the younger, for full and valuable confiderations, and fuch of the laid two (hares, which have been fold for the payment of taxes or debts, in purfuance of the said indenture, by the said Sir Miles Sandys and the trufags parties to the laid indenture) are hereby veiled! and fettled in Samel Sandys, the younger, efq ; and Edwin Sandys Lands ftftted '* gent, (br*s of the (aid Samuel Sapdys the elder, their heirs and upon Samuel J affigns, freed; and difcharged from all manner of taxes whatfo-' ever to the time of the palling this ad : and by the authority frc^f^mhd: aforefaid, the freehold atld inheritance of the said lots and (hares taxes*, afordaid,; except before excepted, (hall be deemed and adjudged to be in the said Samuel Sandys Xhe younger and Edwin Sandys? their heirs and afligns for ever j peverthelefs, the said (hares and lots hereby vetted, mall be liablf jto the payment of the debts a-forefaid, and to ail powers and jurifdiftions, together with the refidqe of the said uinety-ftve thoufend acres, as the fame are fubjedfc and liahle by the laid recited aft, fof the future, and of all fuch taxes and penalties as (hall be hereafter afTefled or laid for the prefcrvation of the said great level, in fuch fort and manner ns the eighty-three thoufand acres, parcel of the ninety-five thoufand acres, lhall be afleffed and taxed ; any law, uatute of thing to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. . s

IX.  Provided alfo, and it is hereby further declared and en-j Sales for non-afted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every of the fale payment of or Tales made, agreed or contracted for, for non-payment of Jaxe.8 m th.ofe taxes of any of the lands of the said Sir Miles Sandys the elder,lan *’ vo*

or Sir Miles Sandys the younger, or the said Samuel Sandys the elder, efa; by the governors, bailiffs and confervators, confti-tuted and elefted by authority of an act of this prefent parliament, intituled. An ail for fettling the draining of the great level of the fens called Bedford Level, to any person or persons whatsoever, by virtue or colour of the said aft, is, arc and (hall be null android ; and that the said lands fold by the said governors',

270  Anno vicefimo CAROLIII. C.8.  £ 166I.

nors, bailiffs and confervators, (except before excepted) are and (hall be veiled and fettled by this prelent aft, in the laid Samuil Sandys the younger and Edwin Sandys, their heirs and af» figns, freed and difeharged of and from all taxes laid by the (aid governors, bailiffs and confervators ; any thing in the said recited aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.  And to the end the said Samuel Sandys and Edwin Sandys may have the effect and benefit hereby intended them, and that the occupiers and pojjejfors of the said Jbares and lots vejied in them the find Samuel Sandys and Edwin Sandys as aforefaid, may not by their Continuing in poffejfion, and negktt of paying the taxes hereafter to be impofed on the jata Jbares and lots, or any part of them, cau/e the firne to be forfeited and fold for non-payment of the refaeftive taxes that /hall become due for the fame; (2) be it therefore hereby further fcnafted by the authority aforefeid. That in cafe any occupier or poflfeflor of any the said (hares or lots, in the said deed of trurt mentioned as aforefaid, or of any part of them, pretending to claim under the said deed of truft or otherwifo, that (hall refufe to deliver or yield up the pofleflion of fuch part of the (aid (hates or lots, to them the said Samuel Sandys and Edwin Sandys, or their afligns, and (hall not duly pay the taxes hereafter to be impofed on the fame, before our Lady*day one thoufand fix hundred fe-Serjeant at venty-one; That then the feijeant at mace for the time being, n^ce to re- attending the said corporation, is hereby authorized and impow-moye occo- ered by precept under the feal of the corporation erf the (aid paaU not pay- great ldVft (who are hereby required to grant and iflue out the mg tjptes. ftme) in the nature of a writ of habere facias poffeffionem at the common law, to deliver unto and put them the said Samuel Sandys and Edwin Sandys, their heirs or afligns, in the quiet and peaceable pofleflion of fiich lhares and lots or any part of them : and all and every fuch occupier or occupiers, pofleflor orpofleflors thereof, of and from the fame to ejeft, expel and amove; they the said Samuel Sandys and Edwin Sandys, upon reafonable notice, first paying or tendring fuch taxes as (hall become due for the fame, from the time of the palling this aft one month before the next day of fale for non-payment of fuch taxes hereafter to be impofed ; which said Samuel Sandys and Edwin Sandys, and their heirs, are thereupon hereby aftually veiled in the fame.

XI.  And whereas the said feveral Jhares and lots of the find ninety-five thoufand acres, herein before vejied and fettled in the said Samuel Sandys the younger and Edwin Sandys, and their heirs as a-forefaid, ought to have been conveyed unto the said Samuel Sandys the elder, cr his trufiecs, by the said governor, bailiffs and confervators of the said corporation, by virtue of the said before-mentioned aft, as in and by the fame they were required and direfted, which they refufe d to do, whereby the rents, iffiies and profits thereof have not been paid to, nor could be received by the said Samuel Sandys the elder, or his trufiecs, or by any other by, to or for his or their use ; (2) be it therefore hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the said Samuel Sandys and Edwin Sandys (hall and are hereby entitled to the said rents, iffues and profits Of the fiud (hares

2

a;*

w 668.]  .  Aoho;viccfimo  Carou  II.  c.8.

^tnd lots, fince the palling of the said recited aft, which have not really been paid* to the <£ud corporation for taxes, or to the said Samuel Sandys the elder, and the occupiers and pofleflbrs thereof are hereby appointed to pay the fame accordingly; and in. default of payment thereof or of any part thereof, they the said Samuil Sandys and Edwin Sandys are hereby authorized and Empowered to fue for, and by virtue of this a& (hall recover the fame, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law (hall fee al-Ipwed, and (hall likewife nave their colls of fuit expended therein; any thing herein to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding.

XII.  Provided always^ and' be it enacted, That after the

laid Edwin and Samuel Sandys Ihall have recovered and received fati$fa£lion for the mean profits, or any part oftbem, that then' they, , their heirs ar*dI afligns, (hall pay fo much of the (aid arrears of the said gradual acre-tax impofed upon the said refpec-tive lands, proportiohably to what they (hall receive, and no more.  ,  „  ,

XIII.  Provided always, and be At enacted by the authority  .

aforefiud. That whereas fever*] parcels of the said ninety-five culpTpcr. tboufand acres ought tq have been conveyed to Thomas lord p ^ Culpeper or his truftees, by the said governor, bailiffs and con- 1 ;  :

fervators of the said corporation, by virtue of the said before recited adl, as in and by tlje fame they were required and directed* which ;ft}ev delayed to do, whereby the rents* iffues and

prdfits thereof have not been paid to, nor could i>e received by the said Thomas lord Culpeper or his truftees; that the (aid Thomas lord Culpeper and nis truftees (hall and are hereby entitled to the said rents, iflues and profits of the (aid parcels, fince the paffmg of the said recited a#,, which have not been really paid to the corporation for taxes, or to him or.them, and the occupiers and pofleflbrs thereof are hereby required to pay the fame accordingly; and in default of payment thereof, or any part thereof, he the said Thomas lord Culpeper and his truftees, are hereby authorized and impowered to me for, and By virtue of this act (hall recover the lame, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of layv (hall be allowed, and (hall likewife nave their cofts of fuit expended therein; any thing, to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Anno

\

ft72  Anno vlccfimo foctindb' Caroli TL c. i. [ 1670.

<4*#* Ffght Caroli II. Anglia, Scotia, Francia & Hibernia, vicejmofecundo,

AT the parliament begun at Weftrtiinfter the eighth day of Maj^ Anno Dom.* one. thoufand Jin hundred fixiy-eke, ik'tit thirteenth year of the reign of otir mofi gracious fa \yereign lord Charles, by jLhcjgrace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland^ King, defender of the faith, #c. find there continued byfeveral prorogations, to the. fourteenth day of February one thoufand fix ^hundred fixty-mm* From whence it was continued-by adjournment made the twem* • it is the ele- ty-fecond * of April one thoufand fix hundred fevent], to the blet&c* Ke twenty-fourth day of O&ober following.

7  t  CAP.  I.

. An off to prevent and fnfiprtfs feditious conventicles.

16 Car *.£ a T?OR providing further and more Jpeedy remedies again ft the growing and dangerous practices of jeditieus Jeftaries and other difloyal per fins', who under pretence of Sender xonjciencfs have or may at their mettinp cijntritie infurreftiont (as late experience bath Jhtwn)\ (2) he !it cna<?tfed by the King’s mod excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and' commons,* in this prefent parliament arif-fernhfed, and by authority of the fame. That if any person of the age pf.fixtcdn,years or upwards, being a fubred: of tpis realm, at any time afterthe tenth day of May next (hall be present at dny affembly, conventicle Or meeting,'under colour or pretence of inv exercise of religion, Mother manner than according to the liturgy and pradficc of the chyrch of England, m any place within the kingdom of England, 'dominion of JVailes Conventicles, or town of Berwitk upon Tweed, at which conventicle, meeting &c. forbidden or aflimbly, there dhall be five persons or more afTembled to-ofMa^ifo 6cther> over and befides those of the fame houfhold, if it be in See 1 ^v.&M. a house where there is a family inhabiting 5 or if it be in a houfe, ft ft. 1. c. iS. field or place where there is no family inhabiting, then where How the of- any five persons or more are fo afTembled as aforefaid; it (hall

be co wided an^ may law*ul to ancl for any one or more juftices of the «tonvi e . pca^e Qf the county^ limit, divifion, corporation or liberty,

wherein the offence aforefaid (hall be committed, or for the chief magiftrateof the place where fuch offence aforefaid (hall be committed, and he and they are hereby required and enjoined, upon proof to him or them refpe&ively made of fuch offence either by confeffion of the party or oath of two witnefles, (3) (which oath the said juftice ana juftices of the peace, and chief magiftrate refpedtivcly, are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) or by notorious evidence and circumftance of the fa<5t, to make a record of every fuch offence under his or their

hands

l6?0.] Anno vicefimo secundo Caroli II. c.i.  273

[lands and feals refpedlively: which record fo made as aforefaid, The penalty-[hall to all intents and purpofes be in law taken and adjudged to be a full and perfect convidtion of every fuch offender for The *recor<j ruch offence; and thereupon the said juftice, juftices and chief and con viaion inagiftrate refpedtively, (hall impofe on every fuch offender fo to be returned ronvidl as aforefaid, a fine of five (hillings for fuch first offence; ^ner^ef which record and conviction (hall be certified by the said juf- fjons.^ * " tice, juftices or chief magiftrate, at the next quarter-feflions of the peace for the county or place where the offence was committed.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if fuch offender fo convicted as aforefaid, (hall at any time a -gain commit the like offence or offences contrary to this aCt, and be thereof in manner aforefaid convicted; then fuch offend- The penalty cr fo conviCt of fuch like offence or offences, (hall for every fuch forthe feccnd offence incur the penalty of ten (hillings; (2) which fine and0^1^ fines for the first and every other offence (hall be levied by dif-trefs and fale of the offenders goods and chattels; or in cafe of the poverty of fuch offender, upon the goods and chattels of The penalties any other person or persons who (hall be then convicted in man- how to be lc-ner aforefaid of the like offence at the fame conventicle, at the vicd* difcretion of the said juftice, juftices or chief magiftrate refpec-tively, fo as the fum to be levied on any one person in cafe of the poverty of other offenders, amount not in the whole to a-bove the fum of ten pounds, upon occafion of any one meeting as aforefaid: (3) and every conftable, headborough, tithing-ConftabIes,&c. man, church-wardens and overfeers of the poor refpeCtively, are*?  a

hereby authorized and required tojevythe fame accordingly, it^’hTjulUce having first received a warrant under the hands and feals of the immediately, said juftice, juftices or chief magiftrate refpeCtively fo to do; (4) the said monies fo to be levied to be forthwith delivered to the fame juftice, juftices or chief magiftrate, and by him or them How the pe-to be diftributed, the one third part thereof to the use of the ?r?to King’s majefty, his heifs and fucceffors, to be paid to the high ** iV1 c * (heriff of the county for the time being in manner following; that is to fay, the juftice or juftices of peace (hall pay the fame into the court of the refpeCtive quarter-feflions, which said court (hall deliver the fame to the (heriff, and make a memorial on record of the payment and delivery thereof, which said memorial (hall be a (ufficient and final difcharge to the said juftice and juftices, and a charge to the (heriff, which said difcharge and charge .(hall be certified into the exchequer together, and not one without the other: and no juftice (hall or may be que- Certificate in-ftioned or accountable for the fame in the exchequer or elfe-t0 thc c where, than in the quarter-feflions: another third part thereof ciuer* to and for the use of the poor of the parifli where fuch offence (hall be committed, and the other third part thereof to the informer and informers, and to fuch person and persons as the said juftice, juftices or chief magiftrate refpeCtively (hall appoint, hav-ing regard to their diligence and induftryin the difcovery, difperf-ing and punilhing of the said conventicles*

Vol. VIII.  T  III,  And

274  Anno  viccfimo  fecundo  Caroli  II.  c,  r. [i670.

The penalty of IQ. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That every person who (hail take upon him to preach or teach conventicle? m  meeting,  aflembly  or  conventicle,  and fludl thereof

be convicted as aforcfaid, fhaU forfeit for every fuch first offence the fum of twenty pounds, to be levied in manner afbre&d How to be.1e- upon his goods and chattels; (2) and if the laid preacher or vied and dif- teacher fo convicted be a ftranger, and his name and habitation pofed. not known, or is fled and cannot be found, or in the judgment of the juftice, juftices or chief magiftrate, before whom he (hah be convided, (hall be thought unable to pay the lame, the said juftice, juftices or chief magiftrate refpedivcly, are hereby impowered and required to levy the fame by warrant as 2-forefaid upon the goods and chattels of any fuch persons who (hall be prefent at the lame conventicle; any thing in this or any other alt, law or ftatute, to the contrary notwithstanding; and the money fo levied, to be difpofed of in manner a-forefaid: (3) and if luch offender fo convicted as aforcfaid, (hah at any time again commit the like offence or offences contrary to this ad, and be thereof convicted in manner aforcfaid, then fuch offender fo convicted of fuch like offence or offences, (hall for every fuch offence incur the penalty of forty pounds, to be levied and difpofed as aforeiaidi The forfeiture IV. And be it further enacted by the authority afordaid, of fuch as fuf- That every person who (hall wittingly and willingly fuffer any ctesTn theh- ^cb conventicle, meeting or unlawful aflembly aforcfaid, to be boufe,. held in his or her houfe, out-houfe, barn, yard or backfidc, and be convided thereof in manner aforefeid, (hall forfeit the fum of twenty pounds, to be levied in manner aforeftud upon his or her goods and chattels; or in cafe of his or her poverty or inability as aforefaid, upon the goods and chattels of fum persons who (hall be convided in manner aforefaid of being prelent at the fame conventicle; and the money fo levied to be difpofed of in manner aforefaid.

Provifo.  V  • Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority a-

forefaid. That no person (hall by any claufe of this ad be liable to pay above ten pounds for any one meeting, in regard of the poverty of any other person or perfons.

Appeals may VI. Provided alfo, and be it further enaded. That in all be, and to cafes of this ad, where the penalty or fum charged upon any w^nd in offender exceeds the fum of ten (hillings, and fuch offender (hall wbat calcs. fincj himfelf aggrieved, it (hall and may be lawful for him within one week after the said penalty or money charged (hall be paid or levied, to appeal in writing from the person or persons conviding, to the judgment of the juftices of the peace in their next quarter-feflions; (2) to whom the juftice or juftices of the peace, chief magiftrate or alderman, that first convided fuch offender, (hall return the money levied upon the appellant, and (hall certify under his and their hands and feals the evidence upon which the convidion part, with the whole record thereof and the said appeal: (3) whereupon fuch offender may plead and make defence, and have his trial by a jury thereupon: (4)

*nd

 v^»ooQle

x 6/0.] Anno vicofimo secundo Caroli IL c.i.  275

Mid in cafe fucta appellant (hall not profecute with effect, or if upon fuch trial he (hall not be acquitted or judgment pafs not for him upon his said appeal, the said juft ice 9 at the fefiioits ihmll give treble cOfts against fuch offender for hisuniuft appeal:

(5)  and no other court whatsoever (hall intermeddle with any caufe or caufes of appeal upon this &&» but they (hall be finally determined in the quarter-feffions only.

VII.  Provided always* and be it further enabled, That upon Appellant to the delivery of fuch appeal as aforefaid, the person or persons entrr into a appellant mall enter before the person or persons convidling, recognizance* into a recognisance, to profecute the said appeal with effect:

(2) which said recognisance the person or persons convidling is hereby impoWered to take* and required to certify the fame to the next quarter-feffions: (3) and in cafe no fijch recognizance bt entred into, the (aid appeal to be null and void.

VIII.  Provided always. That every fuch appeal (hall be left with the person or persons fo convifting as aforeiaid* at the time of the making thereof.

IX.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Juftices of That the juftice, juftices of the peace and chief magiftrate re- peace, confta-fpedtively, or the refpedtive conftables, headboroughs and ti- c"upoa thingmen, by warrant from the said juftice, juftices or chief break openy magiftrate relpectively, (hall and may with what aid, force and doors, alfiftance they (hall think fit, for the better execution of this

adt, after refufal or denial to enter, break open, and enter into any house or other place, where they (hall be informed any fuch conventicle as atorefaid is or (hall be held, as well within liberties as without) (2) and take into* their cuftody the persons there unlawfully afiembled, to the intent they may be proceeded against according to this adt: (3) and that the lieute- Lieutenants, nants or deputy-lieutenants, or any commiffionatcd officer of deputy-lieutd-r the Militia^ or other of his MajeflVs forces, with fuch troops commiifontf or companies of borfe and foot, and alfo the fheriffs, and other cd^fficc^of" magiftrates and minifters of juftice, or any of them, jointly or the militia, feverally, within any the counties or places within this kingdom nmft difperfe of England, dominion of JVale^ or town of Berwick upon cpnvenficles Tweedy with fuch other alfiftance as they (hall think meet, or horror foot, can get in readinefs with the fooneft, on certificate made to them fdpe&iveiy under the hand and feal of any one juftice of the peace or chief magiftrate, of his particular information or knowledge of fuch unlawful meeting or conventicle held or to be held in their refpedtive counties or places, and that he with fuch afliftance as he can get together, is not able to fupprefs and diflolve the fame. Avail and may, and are hereby impowered and enjoined to repair unto the place where they are fo held, or to be held, and by the bed means they can to aiftblve, diffipate or prevent all fuch unlawful meetings, and take into their cufto-dy fuch and fo many of the said persons fo unlawfully afiembled as they fhall think fit, to the intent they may be proceeded a-gainft according to this ad.

T 2  X.  Pro-

ft 76  Anno vicefimo secundo CAROLIII. c.u

Provifo for X. Provided always, That no dwelling-houfe of any peer of PCahn°f thC this rca^m» where he or his wife (hall then be refrdent, mail be ** m#  fearched by virtue of this aft, but by immediate warrant from

his Majesty, under his fign manual, or in the prefence of the lieutenant,' or one deputy-lieutenant, or two iuftices of the peace, whereof one to be of the quorum of the lame county or riding.  I

Thepenaltyof XI. And be it further enafted by the authority afore&id, race canfta- That if any conftable, headborough, tithingman, church-war-bits and other den or overfeer of the poor, who (hall know, or be credibly officers, civil informed of any fuch meetings or conventicles held within h» and military, precinfts, parim or limits, and (hall not give information du^inra-^ thereof to fome juftice of the peace, or the chief magiftnte, forming this and endeavour the conviftion of the parties according to his aft.  duty; but fuch conftable, headborough, tithingman, church-

'warden, overfeers of the poor, or any person lawfully called in aid of the conftable, headborough or tithingman, (hall wilfully j and wittingly omit the performance of his duty, in the exccu- ! tion of this aft, and be thereof convifted in manner aforelaid, he (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of five pounds, to be levied upon his goods and chattels, and difpofed in manner aforefaid: (2) and that if any juftice of the peace or chief magiftrate (hall wilfully and wittingly omit the performance of his duty in the execution of this aft, he (hall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds; the one moiety to the use of his Majesty, the other moiety to the use of the informer; to be recovered by aftion, fuit, bill or plaint, in any of his Majesty’s courts at hVejlmtnjler^ wherein no effoin, proteftion or wager of law (haD lie.

AH perfbns in- XII. And be it further enafted by the authority afbrcfiud, demnifiedthat That if any person be at any time fried for putting in execution put this aft in any of the powers contained in this aft, otherwife than up-execution. on app^j allowed by this aft, fuch person (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence; (2) and if the plaintiff be nonfuit, or a verdift pafs for the defendant, or if the plaintiff difeontinue his aftion, or if upon demurrer judgment be given for the defendant, every fuch defendant (hall have his full treble cofts.

This aft to be XIII. And be it further enafted by the authority afbrdaid, *nt(2^*4 . That this aft, and all claufes therein contained, (hail be con-aWy for the** ^ruc<^ moft largely and beneficially for the fupprefling of con-fupprdTmg venticles, and for the juftification and encouragement of all per-conventicief. fons to be employed in the execution thereof; (2) and that no record, warrant or mittimus to be made by virtue of this aft or any proceedings thereupon, (hall be reverfed, avoided or any way impeached by reafon of any default in form. (3) And in cafe any person offending against this aft, (hall be an inhabitant in any other county or corporation, or fly into any other •county or corporation after the offence committed, the juftice of peace or chief tnagiftrate before whom he (hall be convifted

as

2

 LjOoq le

2 77

as aforefaid, (hall certify the fame under his hand and feal, to any juftice of peace or chief magiftrate of fuch other county or corporation wherein the said person or persons are inhabitants or are fled into; (4) which said juftice or chief magiftrate re-fpeftively, is hereby authorized and required to levy the pc- , nalty or penalties in this aft mentioned, upon the goods and chattels of fuch person or perfons, as fully as the said other / juftice of peace might have done, in cafe he or they had been inhabitants in the place where the offence was committed.

XIV.  Provided alfo, That no person (hall be puniflied for offenders to any offence against this aft, unlefs fuch offender bt profecuted be profecuted for the fame within three months after the offence committed, within three (a) and that no person who (hall be puniflied for any offence{heoffencSr by virtue of this aft, (hall be puniflied for the fame offence by

virtue of any other aft or law whatfoever.

XV.  Provided, and be it further enafted by the authority Aldermen aforefiud. That every alderman of London for the time being, within' Lon-within the city of London and the liberties thereof, (hall have d°n to have (and they and every of them are hereby impowered and re- ^ethc^c\s?ur"

r’red to execute) the fame power and authority within Lon- tjCcs of pcacel and the liberties thereof, for the examining, convifting and punifliing of all offences within this aft committed with-in London and the liberties thereof, which any juftice of peace bath by this aft in any county of England, and (hall be fubjeft to the fame penalties and punifliments, for not doing that which by this aft is directed to be done by any juftice of peace in any county of England.

Xvl. Provided, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Feme covert. That if the person offending and convifted as aforefaid, be a feme covert, cohabiting with her hufband, the penalties of five (hillings and ten (hillings, fo as aforefaid incurred, (hall be levied by warrant as aforefaid, upon the goods and chattels of the hufband of fuch feme covert.

XVII. Provided alfo. That no peer ofthis realm (hall be attached pccr8 0f ^ or imprifoned by virtue or force of this aft; anything, matter realm, or claufe therein to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII.  Provided alfo. That neither this aft, nor any thing Provifo for the therein contained, (hall extend to invalidate or avoid his Ma- (upre-jefty’s fupremacy in ecclefiaftical affairs; (2) but that his Ma-macy* jefty and his heirs and fucceffors may from time fo time, and at all times hereafter, exercise and enjoy all powers and authority in ecclefiaftical affairs, as fully and as amply as himfelf or any of his predeceffors have or might have done the fame; any tning in this aft notwithftanding.

CAP. II.

An act for repairing of the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth.

A rate impofed upon fea coals, wheat, rye, barley, malt, See. for ten years towards the reoair of Yarmouth haven and pier. Bailiffs, aldermen and burgeffes there may appoint colleftors of the said rate» Com-

T 3  .  mi(Roner»

278

*$Car.*.c.io.

9Geo.1x.xo.

?XP.

siCar.i.e.«3*

1aCar.1x.14.

Brandy a ftrong-water chargeable by t he (aid two afts.

Eight pence per gallon not demanded before the first of November 1666.

No per Ton before that chargeable for

Anno vicefimo feeundo Caroli It. C. 3, 4.  [167®.

miflioners appointed to have fafpeftion of their receipt* and ditoh menu of all inch monies. When and by whom to bo appointed. Th» comnaiflioners power. Allowanoe to the collc&ors, receivers, dec. Cob Jeftors may at feaionable times enter (hips to iee what goods are there. And for non-payment of the rate, diftnun upon the find flop, dec. Dif-trefles to be lola. What is exempted from payment of the laid doty. Ten perions to be choien to coptraft with workmen for th© repair of the haven. In default of fuch coptraft, who fiiaU take cart of the find reparations The continuance of this aft for ten years.

cap. m.

An act for granting unto bis Majesty an impofitio* upon aQ wines api vinegar, imported between the four and twentieth day of June one thousand fix hundred feventy, and the four and twendeth day mf Jw ! one thousand fix hundred (Seventy eight.

CAP. IV.  |

An act for the fettling the impqfttion on brandy* I TX7 HEREAS by two afts made in the twelfth year of hie Mcftfj's YY reign, and confirmed by this firefent parliament, there was bid upon every gallon of fpirits, made of any kind of wine or ader imported, the rate and duty of four-pence, namely, by each qf tk said afts lwe-pen(e: and upon every gallon of ftrong-water perftftlj made, imported from beyond the seas, the rate and duty of eight* pence \ (a) and whereas feme doubts have bun made and ratfed«*-cerniHg a certain liquor imported from beyond the /eat, called brandy, whether the fame Jbouid iay the rate and duty laid by the said aSs upon fpirits made of any kind of wine or cyder /imported, or thereto and duty tlureby laid uponftrong-water perfectly made, imported frm beyond the seas :

II.  Be it therefore declared by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by authority of the fame. That the said liquor called brandy was at the time of making and confirming the said afts, and is a ftrong-water perfcftly made, and being imported from beyond the Teas, was and is charged and chargeable ip and by the said afts, with the rate and duty of eight-pence per gallon, fet and impofed in and by both the laid afts upon ftrong-water perfeftly made and imported from beyond the seas, and was not* nor is not chargeable with the rate and duty of four-pence only per gallon by the said afts fet and impofed upon fpirits made of wine or cyder imported.

III.  Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That in regard it doth not appear that the rate or duty of eight-pence per gallon was by his Majesty’s commiffioners, farmers or other officers in that behalf claimed or demanded by virtue of the said afts before the first day of November in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and fix. That no person or pet-fons, who have imported any brandies before that time, mail be charged or chargeable with any more than the rate and duty

bf four-pence per gallon for any of the laid liquor called brandy, more than imported from beyond the leas before the said first day of Novem- four’Pcncc# bmr in the year 01 our Lord one thoufend fix hundred fixty and fix; any thing in the said ads, or in this prefent ad, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.  Provided always, and be it further eroded, That no Penalties ho# penalty inflided by the two aforefaid or any other ad or ads of and when to parliament, for non-payment of the said duties fince the first day ** lcvicd* of November one thou&nd fix hundred fixty and fix, (hall be levied upon any person now in arrear, until the (aid person fo in arrear (hall upon demand to be made after the paffingof this ad, refufe to pay the said duties, or to fecure the fame to be paid within three months after fuch demand; and upon fuch payment or fecurity given, all former bonds or obligations given for the payment of the four-pence* formerly in controverfy, (hall be delivered up by the feveral person or persons in whole cuftody the fame or any of them are ; and that no jury (hall be fubjed: to any attaint by reaion of any verdid heretofore by them given concerning any matter relating to this or any of the aforc-fiudadt.

CAP. V.

An a8 for taking away the benefit of clergy from fuch as fieal cloth from the rack, and from fuch as/ball fieal or imbezil bis Majefiy's ammunition and ft ores.

TT/HEREAS many evtl-iifpofed persons have of late morefrequent- Enforced by ▼ V ly than in former times ufei and praCtifea the cutting of cloth xGeo.i.ft.z. and ether woollen manufactures in the night-time offfrom the racks c.*$-f.n. or tenters, where the said doth is put for the drying thereof, and fe- I5Gco*1*c*i7‘ lomoufiy fieal and carry dway the fame, to the utter undoing and im~ peverijbtng of many clothiers, and the great hindrance of the trade of clothing :  f Ej-z

II.  And whereas by an aft made in the one and thirtieth year of \\& i3 Cart *. the reign of the late §>ueen Elizabeth, it is amongfi other things c. 13. f. n. enaCied, That if any person having the charge or cuftody of any ar- 9 & 10 w* 3-mour, ordnance, munition, Jbot, powder or habiliments of war of the f c 2 said Queen's, her heirs or fuccejfors, or of any victuals providedfor ^ Geo.*i. c.S8. the victualling of any foldiers, gunners, mariners or pioneers, fhall *

for any lucre or gain, or willingly, advifedly and of purpoft to hinder or impeach her Majefly's fervice, imbezil, purlotn or convey away any the fame armour, ordnance, munition, jhot or powder, habiliments of war, or victuals, to the value of twenty /billings, at one or feveral times, that then every fuch offence Jhall be adjudged felony, and the offender therein to be proceeded on, and fuffer as in Cafe of felony 5 (2) unto the committing of which feveral offences many persons ore the more emboldened, in refpetf that in those cafes the benefit of clergy is allowed by law:

III.  Be it therefore enaded by the King’s molt excellent jnajefty, by and with the advice and confcnt ot the lords fpiritual

T 4  and

 v^.ooQle

28o

Perfon* fteal-ing cloth from the rack, or imbezilling his majefty's (fores to the value of sos. and thereof found guilty, (hall he excluded from the benefit of clergy.

31 Ehz. c.4.

Judges may reprieve and tranfport them.

Penalty for

refufing to be transported 01 afterwards to return.

xi&sjCar.s.

C24.

Anno vicefimo secundo Capoli II. c,6.  ^1676

and temporal, and the commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and the authority thereof. That no person or per-fons who (hall from and after the five and twentieth day of Aday in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and feventy, be indi&ed for felonious cutting and taking, dealing or carrying away of any cloth or other woollen manufactures from the rack or tenter in the night-time, or for any offence committed against the said recited act made in the said one and thirtieth year of Queen Elizabeth, or (hall felonioufiy fteal or imbezil any of his Majesty’s fails, cordage, or any other his Majesty’s naval (lores, to the value of twenty (hillings, and thereupon found guilty by verdict of twelve men, or (hall confefs the fame upon his or their arraignment, or will not anfwcr directly to the fame according to the laws of this realm, or (hall (land wilfully or of malice and obftinately mute, or challenge peremptorily above the number of twenty, or (hall be upon fuch indictment outlawed, (hail from and after: the said five and twentieth day of May not to be admitted to have the benefit of his or theirclergy, but utterly be excluded thereof, and (hall fuffer death in fuch manner and form as they (hould if they were no clerks.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the judges or juft ices of the court before whom fuch offender (hall be arraigned and condemned, at their diferetion to grant a reprieve for the (laying of execution of fuch offender, ahd to caufe fuch offender to be tranfported to any of his Majesty’s plantations beyond the seas, there to remain for the fpace of (even yean, to be accounted from the time of fuch tranfportation, and during all that time there to be kept to labour: (2) and if fuch r offender (hall refufe to be fo transported, or after fuch tranfportation (hall return or come again into this kingdom of England* or the dominion of Wales* or town of Berwick upon Tweed* within the time aforefaid, that then and in every fuch cafe the person fo returning (hall be put to execution upon the judgment fo given and pronounced against him.

CAP. VI.

An act for advancing the falc of fee-farm rents f and other

rents.

WHEREAS his Majesty is feifedof feveral fee-farm rents* and other rents in right of his crown feme whereof are parcel of his Highnefe duchy of Cornwall, and is alfo feifed of Jeveral fee-farm rents* and other rents in right of his Highnefe duchy of Lancafter; •

II, And whereas it is convenient that feme fpecial privileges and advantages should be granted unto the pur chafers* which cannot well be transferred unto them without authority of parliament •* (2) and whereas the better to enable his Majefy to pay fuch debts owing at in-ter eft, whereof his Majejly Jhall find rcafen to haflen the dtfeharg^ his Majefy is minded to grant qua convey to certain per fens and their

bfirj

1

r €>70.] Anno viccfimo secundo Caroli IL c. 6*  281

bdrsandaj/ignsfor ever, as truftees forfale thereof diversfeefarm^tt-torm rents, rents-fervice, rents-feck, or dry-rents, chauntry-rents, rents J™8’ rc/lt-r-eferved, guild-rents, penfeons, vicontiel-rents, ajfart-rents, rents for ^^r/nts ;pierprefivres arented, rents certain, 0r i/W; other rents of what na-  >

ar i/Wbe, due and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, as his Majejiy Jball think fit to mention and ex-t^cfs in the fatd letters patents, whether the fame be due to his Majesty in right of his crown of England, or in right of his duchy of Lan- . oafter, or be parcel of or annexed unto the duchy of Cornwall;

C 3) *xc*pt end always referved and foreprized out of fuch letters pa- Except quit-tents, all quit-rents .and copyhold rents Jlanding in charge.as parcel rents, copy-af or belonging to any manor or reputed manor 5 (4) and alfo all tenths rend firfi-fruits, and rents referved nomine decimae, due and pay- thiits^&c. " able by any archbifhop, bijhop, dean, dean and chapter, archdeacon,  9

prebendary, pdrfon, vicar, or any other fpiritual or ecclcfiafttcal cor-  "

porat ion;

IIL And alfio all rents referved upon any leafes or efiates, whereof , the reverfion ts now in his Majefiy, and which are incident to fucb reverfion; (2) and alfo all rents referved upon any leafeorfarm made or granted, or to be made or granted, of bis Majefiy's cu/toms or ex-cife ; (3) and alfo except all rents or fums of money due and payable to bis Majefiy his heirs andfuccejfors, for or in refpeft of any fire-hearths orfioves:

IV.  Be it therefore enadted by the King’s moft excellent ma- i^tterspatent* jefty, with the advice and aflent of the lords fpiritual and tern- granted'by the pond, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and King, of cer-by authority of the fame. That all and every letters patents JJJJJ ^i+th to be granted by his Majesty before the four and twentieth day 0f june ,*71, of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred feventy- confirmed, two, under his great feal, or under the feal of his duchy of Lancafier, or under the feal of the county palatine of Lancafier, of all or any of the rents aforefaid, (except before excepted) (hall be and are hereby declared and ena&ed to be good, fufticient, and effectual in the law, for the granting and alluring the feveral rents aforefaid, or any of them (except before excepted) and for vetting the fame in fuch persons and their heirs, as (hall be therein nominated as truftees for the fale thereof, against his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and against the dukes of Cornwall for the time being, and against all person and persons that (hall have or inherit or enjoy the dukedom of Cornwall by force of any adt of parliament, or other limitation whatfoever, according to the tenor and effect of the said letters patents ; (2) and the fame (hall be expounded, conftrued, deemed and adjudged moft beneficially for the patentees and grantees of the fame, and their heirs, fuccefiors, executors, adminiftrators and afiigns, according to the words and purport of the said letters patents, without any confirmation, licence or toleration of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors; any mif-naming, mifrecital, or non-recital of any the honours, manors, caftles, lands, tenements or hereditaments fubjedt and liable to, or charged with the payment of fash r$nt$, or any mif-recital,,or non-recital of any eftate-tail

formerly

tSt  Anno vicefimo fecnndo Carol: II. C.6.  [1670.

formerly made, or of the reverfion thereupon expe&ant, or any mif-naming, or not true naming of the towns, hamlets, parifhee. or counties where the fame honours, manors, lends, teoccnenb or hereditaments charged or chargeable with the foid rents do lie, or any lack of the true naming of the corporation, or any lack of attornment, or any mif-naming, or not naming of any of the tenants or formers of the lands charged or chargeable with fuch rents or any part thereof, to the contrary notwithftaixiing;

V. And notwithftanding any other defied or imperfection which thaU happen therein, of what nature or kind foever it (hall be: (2) and the (aid rents fo to be granted, (hall be afterwards conveyed and difpofed by the (aid patentees and truftecs, according to the directions and inftru&ions herein after mentioned.

The patentees VI. And be it further eaaded by the authority aforafoid,

a *Sl the ^at t^,e patentees and truftees, and the furvivor and fur-fome rents to v’vor* °f them, (hall make and execute to aU and every person any purchafer, and perfons, bodies politick end corporate, their hears, fuc-by indenture ceflora and afiigns, who (hall become purchafer or pur chafers *e fidd rents, or of any part thereof, an indenture or inden-Stubrtntibow ture* bargain and foie which (hall be inralled in any of the 1* bt dtjcribed four courts at Wefttmffttr,within fix months after Use date *» dtti and thereof, and (hall contain a conveyance and afiurance of the ^An’1 t rents fo purchafed, and transfix* the fame by words of bargain f.°si. n C * * and foie, or by words of grant, releafe or confirmation, or by fuch other apt words and dairies as by the foid purchafer or ,  purchafers,  their  heirs,  fuccefibrs  or  affigns,  (hall be reafonably

aevifed or required, and (hall be thought moft fuitable and convenient to and for the feveral cafes and titles of fuch purchafer or purchafers refpedively; (2) and fuch conveyance or afiurance (hall alfo recite the confideration in money paid or given, and thereof and of every part and pared thereof null exonerate, acquit and difeharge the (aid purchafer or purchafers, his and their heirs, fucce flora, executors and afiigns.

VII.  And be it further declared and enaded by the authority aforefoid, That all and every person and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, his and their heirs, fuccefibrs and afiigns, having Purchafers by and taking any fuch conveyance and afiurance as aforefoid, ana virtue ot fuch caufing the fame to be inrolled as aforefoid within the (pace of toenjayagainit months next after the date thereof, (hall be and is hereby all claims. adjudged in adhial feifin and pofieflion of the rents fo purehafed and conveyed ; (2) and (hall hold and enjoy the fame in per-fed peace, freed and difeharged of and from all claims and demands which can or may be made by his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefibrs, either in right of his crown, or any the duchies aforefoid, or otherwife howfoever, or by any dukes erf Cornwall for the time being, or by any person or persons that (hall have, inherit or enjoy the aukedom of Cornwall, by force of any ad of parliament, or other limitation whatfoever, and alfo freed and ^(charged of and from any breach of truft which can or may be pretended to be committed by tha

(aid

1670.] Anno vkefimo secundo Carolj II. c.6.  283

Cud truftees, in not ftridUy purfuing the powers given by this or the inftru&ions herein after mentioned, or any other in* ftru&ions wharibevcr, or the orders to them directed at the time of the making and executing fuch conveyance y and (hall mlio hold and enjoy all and every the rents fopurchafod, as fully> froriy and amply, as his Majesty at the time of the paffihg of this adid or might have held or enjoyed the fame.

VIII.  And be it further enadtad, That all and every person And to fue

s»t>d perfons, bodies politick and corporate, who (hall purchase for and rt-any of the said rants, and their and every of their hairs, fee-cefibrs and affigns refpedtively, (hall he and are hereby enabled tort to have, fuc for and recover the fame, by fuch and the like done, lawful ways and means, as his Majesty or any of his royal progenitors could or might have recovered the lame, be it by  *

cilft raining in all or any of the lands of the tenant or tenants for

the. time being, that inell hold any lands charged with the said rent, or by having pow*r to detain or fell ad fuch diftrefles after the fpace of fpace of fifteen days after fuch diftrefo taken, in Cafe the said rent fhaH not be then, or before paid, returning the overplus of what (hjdl be lb fold, to the party diftrained * or by having the full benefit and advantage or all fums of money referved nomine peena, or as a penalty for non-payment of the said rent, or by ufing the like afhon or fuit as his Majesty might have ufod for thp recovery of the feme before fuch patent granted, fo as the fame extend not to any fuch procefr of extent, or other prerogative proeefs out of the court of exchequer, as his Majesty might have hsd before fuch patent granted, (a)

Jtfii forafmucb as upon divers contmiffions of defective titles, iuquifi* turnip or fsiggeftims of concealments, divers patents have formerly pqffcd the great feal of England, or under the feat tf the duchy of Lancafter, or under the feat of the county palatine of Lancafter, of divers manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments whereupon divers fee-farm rents, or other rents have been referved, andfometimes put in charge, where in* truth nothing hath pqffei by the /did letters patents, nor have the manors, lands and tenements, liberties or hereditaments mentioned to have boon granted, been enjoyed or held under the fetid letters patents, but under ether titles, or by virtue of other Utters patents whereupon other rents are referved:

IX.  Be it therefore enabled. That fuch fee-form rents, or farm and

other rents, which have not been ufually paid by the owners or other rents occupiers of the manors, lands or tenements charged or men- not Pai<* for tioned to be charged therewith, by the greater fpace of forty  he

years now iaft pirn, (hall not be inferted or mentioned m any united in the (uch letters patents to be hereafter granted to truftees, as a- patents, forefaid : and further. That where any person or perfons,

bodies politick or corporate, have held any manors, lands, tenements or herediments fubjeS to the payment of any fee-farm rent, or other rent which have been ufually paid or anfwered by the owners or occupiers of fuch lands fo charged ; and that by colour or pretence of feme patent of concealment, or by pretence of com millions for defective titles palled of the fo(ne lands,

feme

 booQle

Anno vicefimo secundo Caroli II. c£ *6y&

feme other or greater rent hath been referved or put in charge, but the feme hath not been ufually anfwered or paid by the owners or occupiers of the feid lands by the greater foace of forty years before mentioned; that then and in (uch cale the tenant

of the lands (hall bold the feme discharged of the feid rent b referved by virtue of the feid patent of concealment, or by com-milTion of defe&ive titles, and alfo difeharged of all feizurei and diftrefia for the feme, until the feme mall have been ic-Letterspatents covered by due courfe and proceedings of law. (2) And if any of manors,  letters patents of any manors, lands, tenements or herodita-

hemofore  mcnts> have been heretofore granted, whereupon any fee-farm

mated™  rents, or other rents, have been referved, which at any time

after the palling of this ad, (hall be fold to any purchafer or purchasers, if fuch letters patents whereupon fuch rents fo Sold have been referved, (hall at any time hereafter be adnulkd, defeated, repealed, cancelled, avoided or otherwife determined, whereby the lands (hall return to his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-ceflors; then and in every fuch cafe, all and every the purchafer and purchafers of fuch rents, their heirs fucceflors and afligns, fhall have and receive oiit of the feme lands, tenements and hereditaments, the like rent, and for the like eftate therein, with that which was by them fb purchafed, and (hall enjoy fuch like rent during (uch eftate against his Majesty, his heirs and fee-ceflors, and against alL perfons, bodies politick and corporate, claiming by, from or under his Majesty, iiis heirs and fucceflors, by any grant or conveyance made or granted by Jhis Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, lubfequent to fuch purchase made ; and fhall have like remedy for recovery thereof, (any fuch adnullmg, defeating, repeal, cancelling, avoidance or other determination of fuch letters patents to the contrary notwhhftanding.) (3) And whereas by certain covenants or agreements on the King’s part contained in the original refcrvation of ibme of the feid fee-farm rents or by the true intent thereof, or by fome decrees in the court of augmentation, or exchequer, made before the three and twentieth day of QShbir in the year of our Lord one Fee. farmers thoufand fix hundred forty and two, or fence the nine and before the 13d twentieth day of May in the year of our Lord one thoufend fix of oa. 164a. hundred and fixty, divers fee-farmers were to be difeharged, and allowances to be made of divers penfions, portions, rents rt-folute or other things of the like nature, and the charge thereof hath been fince allowed by his Majesty out of the feid fee-farm rents, upon the accounts of bailiffs, minifters and receivers; it is hereby provided and declared, That this a&, or any thing herein contained, (hall not be construed to annul or avoid any fuch covenants or decrees, but that the fame (hall be allowed against the feid purchafer or purchafers, as it ftiould have been against his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, if the letters patents or grants of fuch fee-farm rents hereby intended to be confirmed, had not been made; (4) faving unto the Queen’s majefty, and to all and every other person and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and fucceflors, and

every

and fince the *9th of May 1660. their difchaiges confirmed.

 t^ooQle

e7o0 Anno vicefimo fecundoCAROu II. c,6.  285

ervcry of them (other than the King's majefty, his heirs and fuc-d’eiibrs, and other than the dukes of Cornwall for the time being.

Bind other than fuch person as (hall have, inherit or enjoy the laid dukedom of Cornwall, by force of any ad of parliament or ocher limitation whatfoever) all fuch right, title and intereft, pofleflion, leafes or eftates, as they or any of them had, or fhould or might have, or of right ought to have had, in or to Che said rents or any of them, or any of the lands charged or chargeable with them or any of them, as fully and amply as chey (hould or might have had before the letters patents thereof made, as if this ad had never been had or made ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.  And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be law- Corporations ful to and for any bodies politick or corporate, to purchase any m?y buy and the fee-farm rents or other rents fo to be conveyed as aforefaid, notwithftandt# and the fame rents fo purchafed to retain and keep to them and ing^c statute their fucceffors; any ftatutes of mortmain to the contrary not- of mortmain, withftanding.

XI.  Provided always. That neither this ad, nor any thing therein contained, (hall extend or be construed to extend to the fale of any the fee-farm rents, tenths, chautry-rents, rents-feck, or any dry or other rents whatfoever, due or payable to his Majesty or the prince of Wales for the time being, ifliiing or arifing

’within the principality and dominion of Wales; this ad or any principality of thing therein contained to the contrary in any wife ootwith- Wales.

* flanding.

XII. Inftruffions enabled to be obferved in the fale of fee-farm rents \ yet fo as the breach or nonpurfuance of thefe inftruttions, /hall not invalidate or weaken the title of any pur chafer.

j.  contrads  touching  the  fale  of  any  fee-farm  rents  or

other rents before mentioned, (hall be (igned by the lord treafurer, or lords commiflioners of the treafury for the time being or any two of them.

2- The truftees (hall convey to fuch perfons, as by order from the lord treafurer, or lords commiflioners of the treafury, or any two of them, they (hall be direded.

2. Every contrader (hall at or before the time of the fealing of his conveyance, pay down one moiety at lead of his purchafe-money into the exchequer, and (hall alfo before he (hall receive his deed of conveyance, give fecurity, fuch as the lord treafurer or lords commiflioners of the treafury (hall approve, for the payment of the fecond moiety at the time appointed.

4.  Such contraders as will pay down their whole purchafe-money, (hall receive fuch allowance for their prefent payment of their fecond moiety, as (hall be thought fit, fo as the fame exceed not the rate of ten per cent.

5.  The immediate tenant liable to the payment of any rent, (hall be preferred in the purchase of it before any other, fo as

fuch

Contrads to be (igned by the lord trea^ furer.

Purchafe-money how to be paid.

Allowance.

Tenants to be preferred in point of purchafe.

 v^.ooQle

Anno viccfimo secundo Caroli IL c.6,  [  16  <

within what fuch immediate tentnt tender himfelf to the lord creafaner i lords commiffionen of the treafury, to contrail, within i to be perfected,  after  the paffing of the said patent, and notice there

publifhed by his Majesty’s proclamation, and perfc& hit cot trait, and pay or fccure his money as aforefaid, within i months after, at inch rate as fhall be agreed, not exceedir twenty vetrs purchafe.

6.  If the immediate tenant, or fome on his behalf, do no tender, and perfect his contract, as in the ltft precedent artki* all benefit of preference or pre-emption is to be loft.

7.  The purchafcr may have his conveyance in the names a any person or persons he (hall defire.

Incnmbrance. 8. If any fee-farm rent or other rent, be fabjeft to or charge) * with any payment or other incumbrance, confideration fitalfh had of it at the time of the contrail, and reprife allowed fari accordingly; and where fuch reprife is allowed, the purchziq is to covenant to take upon him fuch incumbrance io reprized.

9.  The truftees are to hold the rents conveyed to them fa the benefit of his Majesty, his heirs and facoeftors, until fide. Covenant. io. The truftees in all conveyances to be made by them fhal covenant with the purchasers in ufual form, to free the premises, and fave the purchafer harmlefs, from any ad done ot fuffered by them, which may any way incumber the prenxifies.

Fee-farmers of XIII. Provided always, and be it further enalled by the 111-thority afore fa id, That all fee-farmers of any mills farmed? belonging to the crown pr parcel of his Majcfty’s duchy of Le&-tajler, fhall have the protellion and privilege of his Majesty's courts of exchequer and duchy of Lancajtery and all finis to mill, and aid9 or the said courts, and enjoy all other farmer privileges and advantages, notwithftanding the falc of the fad tee-farm rents iffuing out of the said mills, to all intents and purpofes, and in as large and beneficial manner, as when the said fee-farm rents, or any of them, were payable to his Majtfty, his heirs and fucceffors.

All fums of XIV. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority money, rents, aforefaid, That fuch and fo much of the said fee-farm rents 2nd l&wedtbC a,f Prem,fl®9> arK* fuch fums of money, rents refolute, peafbos, tainafehool” ^Pcn(*s> fa^ar*es> annuities, alms, cofodies, profits and aihwr-&c. to remain ances as are due and payable or which are chargeable upon, as heretofore, have been or ought to be paid or allowed to or for the main* nance of any grammar fchool of fcholars, or for or towards tk reparation of any church, chapel, highway, caufeway, bridges, fchools, alms-houfes, cattles or any other ufes, upon, out <* or for the premiffes, or any of them, to be fettled upon trulbes according to this all as aforefaid, (hall be and continue to be paid and allowed as they were and have been heretofore. (2) And the said truttees are hereby authorized and required to k out, convey and allure unto fuch person and perfons, and thdr heirs, bodies politick and corporate, and their fucceflorsand affigns, as they the said truftees (hall think fit, in tryft for the

per-

l ^>70.] Anno vicefimo secundo Caroli II. c.7,8.  29/

performance of the uies aforelaid, or any of them, fuch of t£ae (aid fee-firm rents, duties or fums of money payable as atforefakl, as (hall amount to any of the (urns (b charged, limited or allowed, to or for the ufes or purpofes aforelaid j suay thing in this aft or inftru&ions to the contrary not-withftanding. And after fuch conveyance, the purchafers of r lie refidue of the said fee-farm rents mall be difcharged of the laud duties and payments*

CAP. VII.

An a& to enable the King's majefty to make leafes, grants and copies of x3 Car# *• offices, lands, tenements and hereditaments, parcel of his Highnefs *•c**’ duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame.  s. c. 3.

All cafes, grants, 8cc. of land, &c. in the duchy of Cornwall made or to be made within three years, confirmed. The term of fuch leafes and grants. Rents to be referred. Covenants, conditions and refimrations*

Provifo. Compositions for incrcafed rents.

CAP. VIII.

An act for afcertaining the meafures of com and fait*

XT THERE AS there is a great variety of buJhels and other nua» Enforced by X w \ fares of different contents and gages ufed in feveral counties, ^nn*c* cities and boroughs, ports and other places of this realm, for the meafur- ’ £ ^t. mg* buying and felling of all forts of grain, fait, and other commo-dilies ufually bought and fold by the bufhel, to the great defrauding 14 Ed. 3. flat, and oppreffing of the people, contrary to the great charter, and fun- *• £**• „ dry of the goof laws formerly made and enabled. That there Jball be *7^d‘3‘ ltat* but one meafure to be ufed throughout all the realm:

II. For future redref9 whereof, be it enabled by the King’s snoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and conlent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament alTcmbled, and by authority of the fame. That this enfuing claufe contained in a statute made in the feventeenth year of King Charles theFirft, intituled. An abl for the better i6Car. i.c.19. ordering and regulating of the office of clerk of the market, allowed and confirmed by this Jlatute, and for the reformation offalfe weights ,n ™ and meafures, (by way of provifo, viz.) That fuch meafure as is commonly called water-meafure, in any ports, maritime towns, or other places, (hall be (till ufed ana continued as formerly the lame hath been (any thing in this statute contained to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithflanding) (hall from and after the nine and twentieth day of September one thoufand fix hundred and feventy, be and (tand nulled and repealed, as to the meafuring, felling, or buying of any fort of corn or grain ground or unground, or fait, within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed;

(2) And that if any person or persons after the time aforefaid (hall fell any (ort ot com or grain, ground or unground, or any kind ot fait, ufually fold by the bufhel, either in open market, or any other place, by any other bufhel or meafure, than that which is agreeable to the ftandard, marked in his Majesty’s exchequer, commonly called the Wincbejler meafure, contain- Winchefter ing eight gallons to the bufhel, aud no more or lefs, and the

faid1 e

a88  Anno  viccfimo secundo Caroli II. C.8:  T1®?*#

Forth* bufhelrf said buftiel ftruckcn even by the wood or brim of the fame by 7 & * the feller, and fealed as this aft direfts, he or they (hall for-f.44.3/ C 3,#  ^ Gmt every fuch offence the fum of forty (hillings; (3) to be

Forfeiture for levied in fuch manner, and fuch other penalties for want of di-offending a- ftrefs to be inflifted, as in and by the said former aft is directed, the warrant or order of any one or more of his Majesty’s ged^x» & juftices of the peace within the county, city or place, where 513Car.a.c.i*. fuch offence (hall be committed; which said juftices refpec-tively are hereby required and enabled to fee this statute duly executed.

The penalty of HI. And be it likewife further enafted by the authority afore-

Sherofficm1 That ^ ZU¥ mayor or ot^cr ^ca<^ °^cer of any city, bo-permitting the rough or corporation or liberty within this kingdom of England^ life of any dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweedy (hall other meafure. knowingly and wilfully permit or fuffer any person or persons within their refpeftive limits or jurifdiftions, to fell or buy any fort of corn or grain ground or unground, or fait, by any other bufhel or meafure, or ftrucken in any other manner than is hereby prefcribed ; (2) or (hall fuffer within their refpeftive limits or jurifdiftions any other meafure to be ufed, than is of the contents aforefaid, and fealed as this aft direfts ; (3) or if upon complaint of the breach of this ftatute, he or they (hall not duly punifh and reform the fame according to the purport thereof; (4) then he or they fo offending, for every fuch offence upon due proof and conviftion thereof by prefentment or indiftment before the juftices of the peace of the county where fuch offence (hall be committed, at the general feffions of the peace held for the fame, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds ; (5) the one moiety thereof to the informer or profe-cutor, the other moiety to the use of the poor of the parifh where fuch offence (hall be committed, to be levied by diftrcfs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, and for default of fuch diftrefs, by imprifonment of the person or persons fo offending, till payment thereof made, by warrant of the said juftices.

°CFk  IV.  And  be it further enafted, That if the clerk of the

rcfafing to feal market of his Majesty’s house within the verge, or the mayor, or mark any or other head officer, lord of the liberty, or other person au-meafure, his thorized by the laws of the realm, to mark or feal meafures forfeiture. within their refpeftive jurifdiftions, (hall negleft or refofe, being required, to feal or mark any bufhel, half-bufhel or peck duly gaged, as is hereby before directed and appointed, (hall forfeit for the first offence five pounds, and for every other offence ten Exaftingfees, pounds, to be levied as aforefaid; (2) or if the clerk of the how puniflied. market of his Majesty’s house within the verge, (hall take more than the lawful and accuftomed fees ; or if any other person or persons (hall exaft or take from any person more than one peny for the fealing and marking of a bumel, or more than one half-peny for the fealing or marking of a half-bufhel or peck, or more than one farthing for the fealing or marking of any meafure containing one gallon, pottle, quart, pint or half-pint; he

r 670.] Anno ncelimo secundo Caroli II. 0.9,10.  289

or they (hall for every fuch offence, upon due proof and con-vi<ftion thereof, incur the jJenaltie$ mentioned and contained in the aforenamed statute for the said offence, made in the feven-keenth year of King Charles the Firft.  16 Car*1* c,9«

V.  And to the end that there may be a juft and certain mea-furc (to determine all controverfies) gaged as this ad direds,

(2) be it further enaded, That at the charge of fuch perfon

or persons refpedively, who (hall have the toll or profit of the i4E. 3. fUt.i market, where toll is not taken, within any city, corporation c. 11. or market-town, within this realm in their refpediv$ iurifdic- ** R* *•c* K tions, there (hall be before the said nine and twentieth day of bratT^be September, one meafureof brafs provided, and chained in the pub- chained in e-lick market-place: (3) upon pain to forfeit and lofe for every per- very publick fon fo negleding refpedively, the fum of five pounds, to be re- market-place, covered and levied as is by this ad direded; one moiety to the poor of the parifh where fuch offence (hall be committed; the other moiety to him or them that (hall fue for the fame.

VI.  And be it further enacted by the authority afbrefaid, Cotiftables to That all and every conftable or conftables within this realm of fearch if any England) in their refpedive precinds, are hereby impowered P^fons and required to fearch and examine if any person or persons ufe

any other tneafure than according to the proportions aforefaid, or (hall (hike the fame in any other manner than this ad di-reds, or fell or buy by a measure unfealed: (2) And in cafe he or they (hall find any fuch unfealed rpeafure, to feife and break the fame; and for that and every other offence against this ad,

(hall prefent fuch offender at the next private or quarterly fef-lions to be held for fuch county or place where fuch offence (hall be committed.

VII.  Provided always, and be it enaded, That no person or Once puniih-perfons punifhed for any offence by virtue of this ad, (hall be

again queftioned or punifhed for the fame offence, by virtue or colour of any other ad.

VDI. Provided always, and be it further enaded and de- Toll, dared. That no person or persons whatfoever (hall take any toll, or any thing in lieu thereof, but refpedively according to fuch proportion as the meafures in this ad limited and appointed hair unto the meafures whereby the fame have been heretofore ufually taken; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. IX.

An aft authorizing certain commiflioners of the realm of England, to 1 J?c* *• c* a*

treat with commiiConers of Scotland for the weal of both kingdoms.

CAP. X.

An act for (ale of part of the eftate of Sir John Prittiman, for fatisfac- Accountant, tion of a debt by him due to the King's majefty.

VoL-VIII.  U  CAP.

 t^ooQle

'ago  Anno  vkcfirno  fecundo CaAoli II. c.i t. [1670.

CAP. XI.

An additional aSt for the rebuilding of the city of London, uniting of parifhcs, and rebuilding of the cathedral and parochial churches within the said city.

>,C«r.«.c.3.'\X7HEREAS b virtue in a# of thi y V prefent parliament, intituled, Ana&for rebuilding the dty of London, feveral Jlreets in the laid aft particularly mentioned and deferibed, have been enlarged ana made wider by the mayor, aldermen and commons of the Jaid city, by and with the approbation ef tie Kings moft excellent majefiy\ and forafmuch as certain other Jtretis within the said city, not particularly mentioned in the afbrefaid aft,

________ .  did aljo require feme regulation and enlargement, (that is to Jay) th

mrenUrKc1^ f^e rreet calledrxx.tr- nofter-row, the lane called Warwick-lane at meiu andTrc- *he tiorth-fide thereof Watling-ftreet, Candlewike-ftreet, Eaft-gulation. cheap, St. Swithin’s-lane, Little Wood-ftreet, Milk-ftrret, Tower-ftreet, Water-lane, fituate on the eaft fide of London-Bridge near the Cuftom-houfe, Rood-lane, St. Mary-hill, Thames-ftreet from London-Bridge to Puddle-dock, Pye-eonw next to Southfield, and Threadneedle-ftreet; and to that end and purpofe the fame by order and direftion of the mayor, aldermen end commons of the said city in common council affembled, by and with his said Majeflfs approbation, have been furveyed, and are fotmdue-ceIf ary to be enlarged:

II.  Be It eroded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and fay the authority of the fame. That the said streets and huies in this They (hall be a& before nominated and appointed to be enlarged, and every enlarged as of them, (hall be enlarged and regulated in fuch parts and they are now places thereof, and in fuch manner, and according as the feme ftaked out. arc marked and flaked out for that purpofe, and not otherwife.

(2) And to the end that fit and commodious places within the said city and liberties thereof may be fet out and appointed for the rebuilding and keeping of markets with more convenience than heretofore they were, fo as the principal Jbreets may not be peflered and obfirufted thereby, as heretofore hath been accuflomed: And that the Royal-Royal Exchange, Guild-hall, the Seflions-houfe in the Old-baily, and hwSe^ms-* common &ao^ an^ prifons.within the said city, may be enlarged house in the* tend made more commodious for the publick use and ornament of the Old-baily. city, and better fecured from the danger and cafualty of fire; and that Jome convenient dijlance, interval and circuit of ground may be left between the Royal Exchange, and other houfes to be built within the said city :

c .  III. Be it further eroded by the authority aforefaid. That

aiBgned for * may°r* aldermen and commons of the faia city in common ouflick mar- council aiTembled, (hall and may, and are hereby impowered Jtet-placcs. to imploy fuch places and portions of ground witiiin the laid city and liberties thereof, as by and with his said Majesty’s approbation now are, or before the tenth day of March one thou-

fend

 CjOOQle

291

i 670: ] Anno victfimo secundo Caroli II. 1.11.

and fix hundred fixty-nine (hall be fet out and adjudged necef-ary and convenient, as well for the publick market-places there, is alfo for the ornament, enlargement and convenience of the ’

‘aid Royal Exchange, and other places afore-mentioned, and e-f ery or any of them refpe&ively ;

IV. And to the intent that reafbriable fatisfa&ion may be Sariifa&ion to riven to the owners and others, having any eftate or intereft in ™"Cnd taken the grounds and places which have been or (hall be fet out to fway. be taken and imployed for publick market-places, or for the ornament and convenience of the Royal Exchange, Guild-bait, and other places in this a& mentioned, or any of them, or for enlarging the said ftreets, or any part thereof, called Pater-nofler-rotv, fVarwick-lane, Watling-ftreet, Candlewike-Jlreet, Eajlcheap,

St. Swithiri s-lane, Little fVood-flreet, Milk-Jlreet, iewer jlreet, » Water-lane, Rood-lane, Saint Mary Hill, Thames-flreet, Pye-corner next unto Smithfield, and Threadneedle-flreet before-mentioned; the said mayor, aldermen and commons (hall and may (by The mayor, themfelves or others in that behalf to be appointed and autho- aldermen and rized) treat and agree with the owners, and others interefted  to

therein : (2} And in cafe of wilful refofal, or any fuch difabili-  o^ners^C

ty or impediment as in the aforefaid adt are mentioned, or other and in cafe of incapacity whatfoever in the owners thereof, or others intereft- wilful refufal, ed therein, to treat and agree, the said mayor and court of al-.t0 impanel a derenen (hall and are hereby authorized and required to caufe a ^nd jury to be impanelled in fuch manner and form as by the afore- the judgment (aid adt is directed and appointed, fo as no two of the said ju- of the mayor rors fo to be impanelled, (hall come out of one and the fame court °f ward, to ^judge and aflefs what recompence and fatisfa&ion in every of the cafes aforefaid ought to be awarded and given to w,th payment the refpe&ive owners, and others interefted in the grounds and of the money places fo fet out, to be taken and imployed for any the ufes or f° awarded in-purpofes aforefaid, in purfuance of this ad, according to fuch their refpedive eftates and interefts; (3) and the verdid offo^ (hall be fuch jury in that behalf to be taken, and the judgment of the binding and said mayor and court of aldermen thereupon, and the payment conelufive. of the money fo awarded or adjudged, at or in the office of the chamberlain of the said city of London for the time being, to the faidchamberlain, there to remain by the fpace of fix months, for the owners or others interefted tnerein, as aforefaid, and after that time to be paid unto them by the said chamberlain upon demand, (if that within that time there (hall not arife any controverfy touching the payment thereof, by reafon of different claims made thereunto as hereafter is exprefled) (hall be binding and conclufive to and against the owners, and all others having or claiming or to claim any eftate, right, title or intereft of, in, to or out of the fame, their heirs, executors, ad-miniftrators, fucceffors and afligns, and every of them; and (hall be a foil authority for the said mayor, aldermen and commons, to caufe the fame to be converted and ufed to and for the refpe<ftive ilfes and purpofes aforefaid : (4) And in cafe any Controverts* controverfy (hall arife between any person or perfons, bodies to be Prided 4  U 2politick

292  Anno  vicefimo secundo CaRoli II. c#i i. [t6yo.

and in what politick or corporate, or his or their aftigps, or under-tenants, manner.  or other perfons, claimirfg any eftate, right, title or intereft inlaw

or equity, truft charge or incumbrance, of or in the said ground fo to be purchafed or converted as aforefaid, who (hall find him or themfelves aggrieved, for or by reafon that the said monies fo given in fati&adion for the said ground, is not or (hall not be equally or indifferently apportioned, according to the true value of his or their interefts in the said grounds; that then the juftices of the courts of King’s bench and common pleas, rod barons of the coif of the court of the exchequer for the rime being, or any three or more of them, fitting together at die fame time and place, upon the petition of the laid party or parties grieved, to be preferred to anyone of them within fix months after the said verdict fo had and given, and not after, are hereby authorized to hear and finally determine the fame, and to order and award fuch diftribution of the monies fo paid unto the chamberlain as aforefaid, to the said person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate refpedtively, according to his and their feveral and refpe&ive interefts in the fame, in fuch manner and form, as the laid juftices and barons, or any three of them, may determine any differences or demands wnich have arifm, or fhaH arife between any landlord or tenant, touching repairing or rebuilding any of the houfes burnt down, or demolifhed by the late fire, by virtue of an a<Sl of this prefent parliament, mtftu-19 Car. %. c. *. led, An all for trilling a judicaturefor determination of differences* touching houjes burnt down or demlijbed by tbt late fin which happened in London* according to which order and diftribution the said fum and fums (hall be paid by the said chamberlain to the feveral persons refpe&ively.  ,

Where feveral V. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, persons having That in cafe it fhall happen that where there were two or more feveral eftates COpartncrs, jointenants, or tenants in common of any house or or grouiSJand h°uks burned or demolifhed by the said late fire, or that two or fome delay to more perfons, bodies politick or corporate, had feveral eftates or build, to the interefts in feveral rooms, (lories or parts of any fuch house or Pt?Udl th °reft houfes ^>urned or demolifhed, and that fome or one of them is mayrebuild defirous and willing to build the fame, or fuch part, room or the whole, if ftory of or in the fame, as to him or them doth or may appertain, they will, and according to his or their eftate or intereft, as aforefaid, and that enjoy it to any other of the said copartners, jointenansor tenants in com-tihre^hurf^ mon> or others having fuch eftate or intereft as aforefaid in any cd.  of the rooms, (lories or parts thereof, (hall delay or refufe to

join in rebuilding of the fame, or to contribute his and their rea-(enable part and proportion towards the charge thereof; that then it (nail and may be lawful to or for any one or more of fuch copartners^ jointenants, tenants in common, or others having eftate or intereft in any the rooms, (lories, or parts thereof, as aforefaid, that will rebuild the said house or houfes, to caufe fuqh house or houfes to be wholly rebuilt in fuch fort and manner as the fame was or were before the said late fire, or as near thereunto as conveniently may be, (the prefent model of

buiding

r67oI] Anno viccfimofecundo Caroli II. c.ii.  293

>uilding confidered) and refpe& being had to the different inte-cfts of the parties concerned, as aforefaid, and the fame house >r houfes fo rebuilt, to hold and enjoy to his and their own proper use and beneiit, until that he or they (hall be fully ratified and reimbursed all fuch and fo much ot the charge of foch building as in a due proportion ought to have been contributed or allowed towards the building thereof by fuch copartners, jointenants, tenants in common, or others having fuch eftate or intereft as aforefaid, according to his or their eftate or inte-reft therein, as aforefaid, together with damages for the fame, after the rate of fix pounds per cent, per annum, for the forbearance thereof, to be accounted from the covering of the said building. (2) And in cafe of ncgledt or refufal to fatisfy and pay t ‘ fuch proportion of the charge of rebuilding thereof bythefpace of two years, to be accounted from the covering as aforeiaid, that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch reboilders, from and after the end and expirgtioii of the said two years, to be accounted as aforefaid, paying to fuch corpaitners, jointenants, tenants in common, or others having fuch eftate or intereft as aforeiaid therein, fo much as fuch their eftate or intereft ihall bereafonhbly worth, or upon tender1 and refusal thereof eo hold and enjoy fuch house or houfes ib rebuilt as aforiefaid Wholly and intirely against the parties fo refufing, their heir**executors, ad-miniftrators, fueceflbrs and alfigns, for and durihg/*b4 *iohti- 1 nuanOeof fuch joint or othereftate or intereft aforefaid^ as the party anld parries,' by Whom fuch house or houfes (hall be fo rebuilt, had in the fame, or in any room, ftory, 6r other part thereof^ (3) And in cafe any difference (hall happen between fuch  a.

builders, and any the parties refufing tifbuild as aforefaid, con- bout charge of cefrning the charge of rebuilding the famq or concerning the building to be value of the eftate or intereft of the parties fo refuting to build detenmned by as aforefaid, and what money ougftt to be paid or given for the fame by fuch rebuilder after fuch time and m manner as a- yon? fbrefaid, that then the fame (hall be referred to the furveyorstq be Appointed for the said city for tHetime being, ^ho, or any two of them, (hall and mav upon their view adjud^ eftimate and determine the fame relpe&ivety: And in cafe me said parties, or either of them, (hall refute to fubmit to fuch the judgment and determination of the said furveyors, that then the said matters (hall be referred to the examination of the fad mayor and court of aldermen, who ihall hear and finally determine  (

the fame without further appeal.

VI. And be it further enadted and declared, Thbt where Party-walU, there were feveral owners ‘or others Interefted pf or in feveral rooms, ftories, or other parts of any house or houfes, which '  '  \  *

(hall or may obftrudt or hinder the making of the party-walls intire and upright, and that the parties therein concerned can-riot or will not come to an agreement touching the fame; that then it (hall be referred to the said furveyorsfor the. time being, or any two. of them, todetermihe the difference thereby arifing, '

(if they can) ^vhp (hall and may order and appoint an indiffer-

u 3  *nt

Anno vicclimofccundo Caroli II. c.ii.

[_i6y*.

Holbom-

ent {exchange to be tnade betwixt the Cud {parties by dividing their ground, rooms or ftoriea, or otherwise, as to them fluD feem mod meet-and reafonable, for accommodating of their fe-veral intereds, or otherwife dud and may award iatisfadhon te be given in money to.fuch of the said parties as there {hall be cauie, to the intent the walls may be made upright according to .the direction of the aforefaid aft for rebuilding; (2) and ia cafe the parties therein concerned, or either or any of them, (hall refufeto fubmit to fuch the order and determination of the ,faid furveyors, that then the said matter (hall be referred to the said mayof and court of aldermen, to bear and Anally determine the fedsd* without further appeal.

...  • Vil. jfad wbtreat tbt way er paffage of Holborn-bridge is now

Jhtdk and mcmmodioui for the carriage and pajfcngm ftaily ufing end frtquentmg, tbt fame, and «netojfory to it enlarged:-, (2) be it therefore likewife enafted, That it (hall and may be lawful for the kid mayor, aldermen and commons, So to enlarge and make wider the fame, as that.thc said way and paflage may run in a bevil-line, from a certain timber-home oc the north-tide thereof, commonly called or known by the name or fign of. the Cede, unto, the front of the buildings of a certain . inn called the Atm. inn, fituate on the north-tide of HeUtm-Jtifl yy  * t

corner-' VUhAnd. to paeventapy doubts that may hereafter arifc piers.  concerning  ccrrieivpiers,  and  with  wfrat.materinls  the lame

-ought to be madet (.a) be it enabled and dpcUredby the antho-- rity afbrftiid, That all cemer-mers of (lone or bnck hereafter *0 be erefttd, (hall be of the dhnenfions.of the piers of done , mentioned in the faid'aft.  •  -  1

IXl And tint it be left to the liberty of all and every the builders of comer-houfes, to use a fubftantial pod of oak-timber, to prevent .the danger that may happen by carts and carriages, indead of! the oomer-pier of brick or done, of fiicfi < dimenfions arid brandings, as the furveyors of the said ckyfhaH .direft or .appoint ;. thei said aft,, or any thing therein esntatn-• ed, to tbs-icontrary no twith Handing.

Water from X. And be it enafted, That the water from the tops of all the top«ot the houfes already built dneethe late fire, and hereafter to be built, carried down and .ftontihg.or that (hall front upon any the ftreets, lanes or by the (ides in paflages,. within the faid. city and liberties, (hall be carried and pipes.  conveyed .into the chtmrtela by pipes and party-pipes (as the

cafe (hall require) to be brought down on the fines or fronts of v  thfe said hbufes.

Thames-ftreef XI. Andwhereat by the said a£l' ftr therebuilding *? ** tity ofLondon, it it alfo mailed for tbt preventing of leafti 001 * «• an^,f*r etfmefs °f afunt,That tbt  tailed Thames-ftreet, and

■ all the.ground between the said fireet and the. river of Thames,

: Jbould bi railed and made higher by threefoot at the lea ft, above tbt , far fact of, the ground as then it lay; anailfo that the lord mayor and . alder men of. London fimtli and might open and enlarge a Jlreet or

. i

 v^.ooQle

1670.} Anno viccfimQ secundo Caroli II. c,i 1.

*95

••Tsb::. ~

'>&£fhge to the river of Thames from Cheapfide through Soper-lane, and thence to Thrames-ftreet, and thenceforth^o the river of Thames; and from the Three-Cranes to the Thames aforefaiar aaui to make the fame Jireets and pajfages four and twenty foot in br-e&dth ? (2) Now for prevention of any doubt that may arife touching the manner of cutting the said ftreets* and ordering the fame; and to the end the said ftreet called Thamesftreety ana the ground between the fame and the river of Thames, may be railed according to the intent of the said a<ft, and that other streets and paflages leading to and from the fame, may be an-fwaarable to their levels thereunto, and that the fteepnefs and ftifljcuhy of the riling and afcent from the fard river may with the more eafe be abated 5 (3) be it enafted by the authority a- The enlarged forefaid, That the said streets or paflages from Cheapfide thrpugh PjJ&g® Spafer-lane to Thames-ftreet, and thenceforth to the river of ^C^amc*° TTbameSy and alfo from the Three-Cranes to the said river, fhall confirmed, toe and remain in fych manner and form as now they are ;r any matter or thing to the contrary in any^ wife notwithftandin^’

XII.  Apd all owners, occupiers, and all other perfoir arid perfbns, any waymterefted of or tqany groyhds fo flaked and test out for the . cutting, opening and enlarging of 4he laid ftreets,lanes or paflages, orany of theth, ate hereby required^ tp take notice thereof and to conform thereunto accordingly^

(jtA and alfo that the levels and marks for railing Or miking as Weal of the said ftreet called Thamesftreety and the grouifo De-

ten tfie feme and the river of Thames^ as all other streets in; riftfou* the said city and liberties thereof,,in filch, manner* thd fathe are or lhall be appointed to: be done' before the twenty-ninth day of September one thoufand fix bhridr&Fftven-ry-orie, by the comjriimbners of fewers and pavements appbint-w Wid'cf parliament, be henceforth oblwed in airfSaccs Witnrn uic feme*  '  *  1  1'

XIII.  Provided neyerthelefs, That where any house or fiefofei fbf; habitation have bedp built, or tfereiri building, within'th^ laid aty and liberties tjteredf; on or^befote the'fourteenth day of May in the year pf our Lord one thoiifand fix ftuttbritffj^tiy and eight, at ^hich the feid rules and levels,'fotfralfiriz offinkfhg of the ifeid ffHsfets, wete pithef notpublifhed, dr riot generally khbjfrny/ffiall.ahd foay be lawful for the fiid ftif^iyOrs (who ^hereby authorised and requited fo^to Ob) wnheas little variatiph from the said ruleas conveniently may be; fo to a,lter the said levels or marks, or afty of themy iifthat the fai^btriJdingsfo er^fted may receive as little derira^^ier^ fey as~tni^y pei Arid if the feid furveyors dr cither of^themy tqK dri requeft ahd (foe notice fo! be given by (Ke owner or occupier of fuch houfe,r ftfell mtifitq do fiisbr their dbty hereiril, ortfeft feid owner or occupier Thaft have any juft exceptions to their 'deferitipiation in the premiflis; vth^t then arid in fuch cafe, it foall and may be 'lawful for the feid owner or Occupier of flich * febrile, (fo thereby grieved) to appeal by his petition in writing

vt

■ 11-v f

t$6

Builder# muft pay to the chamberlain of London 61. Sd. before they lay their foundation.

Difference a-)>out tnetrue value of party, yralls to be decided by the alderman

Anno vicefimo secundo Caroli II. c.nf £ i67a

to the lord mwor and court of aldermen, who upon deliberate hearing of both fides (hall finally determine fuch controverfy without further or other appeal.

XIV.  And whereas in and by the jaid aft for rebuilding of the Jfijd city, it is further provided. That the furveyors by virtue of the fold aft appointed, and every of them, within their feveral precinfts, Jball take care for the equalfettingout of all party-walls and party-piers, and that they permit no person to build either on the /aid party-walls, or on bis own contiguous ground, till the fame be performed accordingly.

XV.  Nqw to the intent that all exaction in taking the laid furveys,. and that all differences which may hereafter arifc between any the said builders, may be prevented j (2) be it enacted, ^hat up builders be permitted by the said furveyors to lay his or their foundations, until the said furveyors, or one of them, according to the true intent of the laid a&, have first viewed the fame, andfeen the said party-walls and piers equally fet out accordingly : For the defraying whereof, and all incident charges of meafuring, flaking out, taking the level, and Airveyiqg the said streets and grounds ;

XVI.  Be it further eoa&ed. That all and every the laid

builders, before his or their foundation (hall be laid, or Inch furvey tjifcen, (hall repair to the chamberlain of London, and there enter his namer together with the place where the laid bpildiqg is lo to bp fet out, and pay down to the laid chamber* lain the fum of fix (hillings aqd eight pence for every foundation fo to be built rjefpedtively, upon receipt whereof tHefrid chamberlain f^iall give his acquittance; which laid acquittance being pjodygef} to th? said furveyors, or any of them, they and eveiy^of £hcm; arp hereby required within three days, next after fuch requeft, to furvey and fet out all and every the (aid foundations accordingly.  .  rr/) M ||£j£

XVII.  And be it further pnafl^d, Ttyt all and everythe said builders, who have at any time toce the making of the said a<51 for rebuilding the iaid city* laid any foundations to be built upon, fhall forthwith pay unto the chamberlain afbrefaid, for eyeiy the foundations feverally erefted tp b&inhabited,, the fum of fix fhil lings and eight, pence* uphfs the Janie hath been formerly paid ; and in default; thereof, it (hall and maybe lawful to and for the said diamberlain, for the time being^^by a&ion of debt, to be cppupenced in the name of the said chamberlain, in the King^ rpajefty’s court, to be holden in the chamber of the CuUd-baU or the laid city, before t^e lord qiayor and aldermeti of the fame city, to recover the fame, Ip which action no efloin or wager of law* (hall Jbq allowed.

XVIII.  And whereas it i\ provided in and by the said aft, That fill differences arifmg between any the builders .yjilhin the said city or liberties thereof concerning the true value of party-walls, and all differences arifing between the said builders or any others, concerning ih placing orjlopping up of any liqbt.t, windows, water-covrfes cr gut -

ten.

x 6^o.] Anno vicefimo secundo Caroii II, c.ii.  297

ters9 which may hinder or retard the /aid buildingSy flail and may be of tJje ward, beardy mediated and determined (if it may be) by the alderman of the ®p^ u£?the ward where the caufe of any fuch difference flail arifey and his deputy j ioi?l mayor (^) and where the faidalderman and bis deputy, ar any of them, be and court of concerned as parties in the controverfiesy or that they cannot determine alderman. the said differencesy That then and in every fueb cafe the fame be- certified by the said alderman or his deputy unconcerned therein to the said mayor, and court of aldermeny who upon deliberate hearing of all partus flail finally determine the fame without further appeal. (3). NcyerthelejSy in the said aft there is no certain penalty provided for fiech as flail objiinately refufi to obey the said determination :

XIX.  Now to the end there may be a due obedience yielded to inch determinations as have been or (hall be made in any of the cafes lad mentioned, and in all other cafes hereby left to the final determination of the said mayor and court of alder*

men; (2) be it enafted by the authority aforelaid, That all and Penalties for

every party and parties any way concerned to give obedience to difobedionce.

any fuch determination as aforefaid, (hall obey and perform the

fiftine, under fuch pains and penalties as by the said aft are pr

may be inflicted upon the builder or levier of any irregular

built houfe, contrary to the meaning of the fame late aft.  t  i

XX.  And be it farther enabled. That all differences which , V-ihail or may arife concerning the raifplacing, ftraitning or flop- > ping up, or any ways obflrufting any common or private «>*'

tries, allies, ways, flairs, landing-places or paflages, houfes of office, tunnels, draughts and other eafements, heretofore ufe<f and enjoyed within the said city of London or the liberties there* of, (h^l and may by virtue of this aft be heard, mediated anc{ determined (if 4 may be} by the alderman of the ward where the caufe of any fufh difference iha}l arife, and his deputy: (2} and where the said alderman and nis deputy, or one of them* be concerned, ps parties in the f^dcoqtrovcrfy, or that they tfipt, detef game, the fiuqe differenaes, Thgt then upon com-“t^of th^ party or parties concerned, to the said mayor and lT ^ a(d<^en, they (hall hiear and many determine the feme aforefaid for the rebuilding of fhe f^id qty qf London is appointed, in cafe of differences concerning plapiitf and (lopping of lights, windows and water* courfesy and afi parties concerned are hereby squired to obey apu^fybnijt to fi|ch their determination, under.Inch and the like uenaltif^ ^shy tl^e aforefaidjift ^ or may he inflifted upon fuch irregular builders as aforelaid : (3) and that all fuch obr dnjftiops, as well where^any Kghts, windows, water-courfes or fitters* are or (hajl be hundred apn flopped up, as whereby any  .' 1

^mmon or private allies^ entries, ways, ftairs, landing-places  '  ’

JJ paflages, are or (hall be (lopped up, (Iraitned or miipTaced as fcrefaid, (hall and may by order of the laid mayor, and cpipx qf Mermen be abated and removed by virtue of tnis aft.

KXI. And forafmucb as great exa&iops have been and ore esfr Rate* for wharfingers and others irnptfyed about the yjharfage and era-

Wgt **

afiefled by bis Majesty and privy council.

>9 Car. s.c.ft. revived, with an additional authority to the judges.

No term to exceed fixty years.

Anno vicefimo fcajndo Caroli II. c.i i. [1670.'

nagt of goods landed or jbipped qffy at orfrom the said city of London: (2) for remedy whereof, be it enabled. That Rich rates and no other (hail from time to time be taken for wharfage and cranage, as well of timber and other materials for building, as of coals and other goods and merchandizes, as by his said Majesty with the advice of his privy council (hall for that puipofe be afleded and allowed to be taken, a table of which rates (nail be hanged up at every of the said wharfs refpeftively; (3) and if any wharfinger or other (hall exaft or demand, or aireftly or indireftfr take or receive for wharfage or cranage, or by colour thereof, more than according to the rates which (hall be fo afiefled, or (hall refufe to fuffer any goods or merchandize to be landed or fhipped at, off of from any wharf or wharfs within the (aid city or the liberties thereof at the rates aforefaid, fuch offender (hall forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of ten pounds to the party or parties thereby grieved, to be recovered with foil cofts of fait, by aftion of * debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at IVeflminfler, or within the (kid city of London, as the caufe (hall anfe, wherein no effbin, protection or wager of law (hall be aHowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

XXII.  And whereas the aforefaid aft for erecting a judicature for

determination of differences touching boufes burned or dtmohjbed by reafon of the late fre which happened in London, is expired; and for that there were many caufes brought before the said judicature wtieb an yet undetermined, and divers other caufes proper to receive a determination before the said jujlices and barons, which they found not fo be within the authority gtven them by the aforefaid aft; and that many more differences do and may arifey which could not he beard and determined tmthin thi time limited by the said aft; and for a further and additional authority to the said juftices and barons, to hear and determine all the aforefaid differences, and for a more eafo execution of the said authority; (a) it is hereby further enaftea and declared. That the fame aft, and the judldlture thereby ereCted, and all and every the poyrdrs and authbHfles^hcreby given to the juftices of the court of King’s bench, and ebraritan pleas, and barons of the coif of the exchequer for the time being, or any three or more of them, and all other matters and things therein contained, (hall from henceforth ftand and be revived, and repiain in full force until the twenty^ninth day of September one thoufand fix hundred feventy-onc; %ny claufc, matter or thing in the (aid aft contained to the contrary not-withftanding. ‘  -  j  -

XXIII.  Provided always, and be it enafteff, 'That the tetfr of forty years (hall not be added to a!ny eftate for fife, t>r terr of years in being fo as thereby to make the whole term exce* the number of fixty years, by any decree herbafter to be top* by virtue of this dr the said former aft.

XXIV.  Provided always, and it is hereby declared, Thi*k* faM judges and barons of the refpeftive courts aforefaid, of^iy

1670.]! Anno vkjelipio fecjundp Caroli H, cf 11.  $99

:>f them, (hall not take cognizance of* .nor proceed \o hear or determine, any differences or depaand? which havp arifen, qr may in any wife arife, between any landlords, proprietory tenants, leftees, under-tenants, or late occupiers of any .the (aid. houfes or buildings, or any othef matter or things by the afore* faiq aft in that behalf made, referred to the determinatiqn of Complaints to the fair) judicature, upon any complaint or requeft, unfefe the be exhibited feme (hall be exhibited, or depending before the said judicature, ^?rLthtc at pr before the twenty-ninth ^by of September one thoqfand ft* JL0# p * hundred and feventy : (2) and that in all fuch cafes whe^e nq complaint or requeft (hall before that,time be exhibited*qrdepending before the said judges and barons, it fhall and may bp lawful to and for all landlords and proprietors, from and after the laid twenty-ninth day of September one thpufend fix hqndr^ and feventy, to re-enter upon the ground or foil to bp rebuilt upon, and to avoid the interest and term as well of the tenant;? in pofleflion, as of all other mean-tenants, £pd to rebuild thereupon, whereby to preserve his or their eftate or intereft therein from being fold by the said mayor, aldermen apd common council, by virtue of the feid fete aft for rebuilding tfyp city qf vf *  3.t

LO*4t**< .  ...  -f'“r  “  ’

X^y. And whereas divers lejfees for vars, having tfrms\to tome EcR2«f tit the time of thefqid fire, have omjU/d to rebuild, and, lords fir favxng their \nheritamesfromfirfeiture have ufailt or begun  k

U rebuild houjes thereupon, qod mam of them have let, the fi/fte to other tenants, who with fhfir trades ana families are Jetthi therein: (%) to the end the said rebuilcjers ana their affigps uw bft vWr quieted }q their pofleffions, be it enafted, That where any fetr mor for years to come at the time of the said fire hath fo on?itt tpd to rebuild, aadtbe landlord or his aflignee or aflignee$)Cath --rebuilt ojr begun fofrebuild, that the leafes of fuch tprmprSiWit* feave omitted to rebuild, be from henceforth absolutely void*  ;v-

neverthelefs, the feid judges are hereby authorized tq award fuch contribution or recompence to the said fermpr^as they jQ>nll think  -

And be ft further enafted by the authority afqrpfeid. Where de-That if after any order, judgment ojr decree hath been or here- crcea aftpr fliaU be pronpunced by any three,or more pfthe feid ju- ^Tbeefi^* dices or barons^ any, one or more ctf tqefeid ju(Hce$ or baroifc tuajf io pronouncing thjq/ijraae ajre already, dead, or (hall die before ’ , fuch order, judgment pr decree (hall be figned according to the 1 ’  :. j .*

/aid recited aft, the Ggniqg thereof by the furvivor orfuryjvojfe  *n

pf the said jpftices ,and barons (hall be as good and effeftua) to all intents,apd purpofe$, as if the fame were figned by three or more of the feid jufticea and barons; any thing in the said recited; aft contained to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XXVII. And; bp it enafted by the authority, afprefaid, Pcrfons ab-Thgt where aqy person or perfon,* concerned in any pf the fern, or be-demplifhed premjftffi, is or null bp beyoncL the feas, or can- yond fea. npt be fpund, of fununoned to appear in the /aid epprt, That Ijpoq thp complaint <?r petition of the party aggrieved Jiled in

the

 v^.ooQle

joo  Anno vicefimo secundo Caroli II. c.ii.  [1670.

the laid court for the fpace of three months or more, and oath in writing made of the endeavour to fummon fuch abfent per-fpn or persons *, That then the laid court (hall or may after the end of the said three months proceed to hear and determine the said caufe; and that fuch order, judgment or decree, as the 1  faid juftices and barons, or any three or more of them, (hall

' make in fuch cafe, (hall be binding to fuch abfent person or per-. 1 ions, their heirs, executors, adminiflrators and afligns, as if be or they were a&ually fummoned and prefent at the making fuch decree.

XXVTn. And alfo be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That for the avoiding difficulties in the recovering ot rents, and for the afeertaining of covenants, terms and conditions, ordered or to be ordered or decreed according to this or the said recited ad, all and every person and perfons, bodies pblitick and corporate refpedively, bound by luch order or decree, their refpec-tive heirs, fucceflors and afligns, (hall and may execute leafes and counter-parts thereof, according to the tenor of the laid Orders and decrees, and they are thereunto required by virtue Leafes to be ©f this prefent ad; air Which leafes ’(hall be binding and good in law; any law, statute or inability whatfoever to the contrary notWlthftanding, (2) and that where leafes in reverfion or ad-dicaturc, ditiorial terms are or (hall be ordered or decreed by force of this good. ' ©r thd said recited ad, the refpedive parties concerned IhaO or may at their pleafure unite and join together both the prefent and additional terms into one leafe,. which (hall be good and cffedUaT against the leflbrs, their heirs, executors, Tucceflbn and afligns 5 any law, ftatute, ulage or cuftoin whatfoever to the Contrary thereof notwithftaqding.

£ dices and ' XXIX. And be it enadetf by thf authority aforefaid, That ro?# ma7 the said juftices and barohj, or the1 greater number of them, appoint aieai. ^JvaU*or may ajmoint a feaFt^be and remain with the regifter of the faid’court for the fealmg of all warrants, and that all fuch warrants Which (hall be failed with the said feal and figned by the said regift$r for the fommoning or warning any perfons, bodies politick and corporate, concerned in the late demolilhed fioufes and premilfes, or witnefles, (hall oblige them to appear ■accqrding'to the tenor of Juch wanints ; iriy thing in the said former to the coqtrajy thereof notwithttanding.

Infants, how XXX. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That decrees may where the inheritance or other eftate of or in any of the laid ** made a- dioufcs or premifles are or foalj be in any infant or infants im-gaiiut them. <^cr t^c 0f 0|?e an(j twenty years, or \n any tniftees for them

or any or them ; it (hall be in the power of the said juftices and barons or any three or more of them, upon the petition of the father, mother or next of kin, or other friend to fuch infant or infants, to order or decree a leafe or' leafes against fuch infant or infants, and their tniftees, for *any term or terms of years, not exceeding fifty-one years in the whole, to fuch father, mother or other person that (hall or will undertake t(ie rebuilding of fuch houfes, at and under fuch rent or

rent*,

 CjOOQle

1670.]  Anno vieefimo secundo Caroli II. c.i !•  301

rents, and under fuch covenants, conditions and agreements, as they the (aid juftices and barons, or any three or more af them, (hall think fit and adjudge 5 which (aid leafes and terms fo decreed, (hall and may be held and enjoyed accord-ingly, by virtue of this prefent adt; and that fuch infant or infants, upon requeft, after they (hall attain to their refpedtivc ages of one and twenty years, and in cafe of the death of fuch infant or infants, his and their heirs, executors or adminiftrators, fhall and are hereby required to execute fuch leafes accordingly, and the refpediive tenants the counter-parts thereof.

XXXI. And be it enadteef by the authority aforefaid. That or<Jfr‘ for the encouragement of builders, and fecuring their eftates, th* every order, judgment and decree that hath been or (hall here- fadi be ac-after be made jpy the said juftices and barons or any three or rordingly en« more of them, by force of this or the said recited adt, touching i°yed* the interefts and eftates of tenants in tail, (hall conclude and bind as well tenants in tail and their ifiues, as alfo the eftates in remainder and reverfion, according to the tenor of fuch order, ent or decree.

XII.  And for better fecuring the eftates of the (did builders» be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every person and perfons, and their executors, adminiftrators and aftigns, who ate or (lull be decreed by the said judicature, to build any mefluages or tenements, or any the said demolifhed premifles, upon any term or eftates, rendrine an annual rent, have or (hall build the fame accordingly, (hall hold and enjoy fuch their feveral and refpedtive terms and eftates, under the rents and covenants decreed, notwithftanding any other eftate, right, title, intereft in law or equity, truft, charge or other incumbrance whatfoever.

XXXIII. And for the better obliging of all persons to the performance of the orders and decrees made or to be made by the said judicature; (2) be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, A&ioas may That where any person or persons are or (hall be ordered or de- be brought t# creed to pay any rate, contribution, sum or sums of money, in pursuance of this or the said recited adt for eredtine the said ju- of the judges dicature 5 it (hall be lawful for the parties concerned, upon non- decrees, payment thereof, to fue for and recover the (ame by adtion of debt or upon the cafe in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminfter or within the city of London, and to give fuch order or decree in evidence to prove the (ame: in which adtion, no efloin, protedliori or wager of law (hall be allowed. (?) And where any person or persons are or (hall be ordered, adjudged or decreed to build, feal a leafe, give fecuritjr, or do any other ad, in purfuance of this or the aforefaid adt, it (hall and may be lawful for the party or parties concerned in default of performance thereof, by adtion upon his cafe to be brought in any of his said majefty’s courts of record aforefaid, to recover damages for fuch non-performance, or to have or bring his bill in any court of equity, to enforce the adtual performance of the feme.

XXXIV. And

1

joi  Anno vScefimo fccimdo Caroli II. c.n. £16701

Adminifter  XXXIV. And be it enafted by the authority afordaid. That:

oat*u* it thill and may be lawful for the said juftices and barons or any of them, out of court, to adminifter oaths and take affidavits in writing, concerning any matter relating to the proceedings in the laid judicature, which affidavits (hall or may be made, life of in court, as the said juftices and barons or any three c& more of them (hall think fit.

XXXV.  And whereas feme orders and decrees in the late court cf judicature erected by the fate aft of parliament, touching the houfes burnt in London, were made the fame week that the power of tbt said court of judicature determined, whereby the parties concerned had not the fame time and liberty of exception and appeal as others had; (2) be it therefore provided and enafted by this prefent parliament, and the authority thereof. That where a%y fuch order or decree was made by a lefler number of juftices and barons than (even, if the said order or decree were made fince the one and twentieth day of December in the year of our Lord one thoufand

Appeals al- # fix hundred fixty and eight; it mall be lawful for any perfom k"®d* **d in aggrieved by fuen order or decree, to prefent their exceptions to what cates.  fame  jn wrjting, within feven days next after the first fitting

of the said juftices and barons, by virtue of this prefent aft; and that the fame examination, proceedings, review and determination, (hall be thereupon had and made, and as effc&ually to all intents, as if the said exceptions had been prefented within the due time limited and appointed by the said late aft of parliament ; any thing in this or the (aid late aft of parliament to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXVI.  And whereas there were feveral houfes in the city of London confumed by fire within three years next before the said late dreadful fire, which iff reafon of fome differences and doubts arifing m point of title, thefame were not nor are likely to be rebuilt, unlef5feme

Further power courfe be taken for the deciding of fuch differences: (2) for remedy given to the whereof, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That ludges.  the said judges and barons or any three or more of them be and

4  are hereby authorized and impowered, to hear and determine

all fuch cafes for all fuch houfes and tenements, as fully and atn- * ply and in like manner to all intents and purpofes, as they can or may hear and determine any other matter herein mentioned: and all decrees and orders in fuch cafes to be made, (hall bind and be obeyed by all parties therein concerned, and (hall be of like effeft, as if the fame were made for any other matter or thing herein mentioned. *

XXXVII.  And whereas by reafon of enlarging feveral ftreets, and of making the nrw fireets called fcing’s-ftreet, leading from Guild-hall into Cheapfide, and Queen-ftreet, leading from Soaper-lane to the river of Thames, there are divers flips ana small parcels of ground remaining altogether’ ufelefs to the owners thereof in regard the fame are not capable of any house being built thereupon: (2) it is therefore hereby further provided ana enafted, That for the making the said streets and buildings conformable, and for the better determining of all controverfics concerning the (ame, that

the

 CjOOQle

670.] Amo vicefimo secundo Caroli II. c. i i.  303

the laid juftices and barons, or any three or more of them, be and are hereby authorized and impowered to hear and deter- . mine all controversies and differences arifing by reafon or occa-fton thereof, in like manner as they can or may hear or determine any other matter or caufe rtfenred to their judgment by virtue of this or the aforefaid adt for creating the said judicature, and may make fuch orders and decrees, either for the transferring the propriety of fuch parcels of ground left next the said streets to the owners of the backward ground, or by transferring the propriety of a proportion of the backward ground to the owners of any the said small parcels of ground, or by annexing it to the next adjoining and contiguous ground, in oraer to the regular building thereupon 1(3) and for all fuch parcels of ground, the propriety whereof (hall be fo transferred by fuch order or decree of the (aid juftices and barons, or any three or more of them, as aforefaid, and for all charges and damages concerning the fame, fuch recompence and fatisfadtion (hall be given by the builders to the refpedtive proprietors and others interefted tnere-in, as (hall be awarded by a jury for that purpofe to be im- A jury, panelled by the lord mayor and court of aldermen, in like mariner as by the aforefaid adt for rebuilding the said city of London is appointed in cafe of fatisfadlion to be given for grounds taken and employed for the ufes in that alt mentioned, in cafe the parties concerned will not, or by reafon of infancy or other impediment cannot, come to agreement touching tne fame: (4) which orders and decrees in that behalf to be made, (hall bind all parties therein concerned, their heirs, executors, adminiftra-tors, fucceflors and afligns, and (hall be of like effect as other decrees made by the said juftices and barons, or any three or more of them, by virtue of this or the aforefaid adt; to the intent that the building thereupon may extend to the said streets in a right line with other houfes there built, and the owners and others interefted of and in the said adjacent and contiguous grounds, paying to the owners and others interefted of and in the said small (Tips and parcels of ground, fuch fatisfadtion as (hall be ordered and awarded by the said juftices and barons, or any three or more of them, upon hearing of the parties concerned (who are hereby authorized and impowered to hear and determine the fame, and therein to make fuch orders and decrees as in other caufes referred to their judgment and determination by this or the aforefaid adt) (hall and may for ever hold and enjoy the fame by virtue of this prefent adt.

XaXVIII. And whereas for the further enabling of the said Animpofi-mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city ^ London, and ^0IJ on fea-their fucceJforSy to Ur form and accomplijb the works in the said ail b^ccivcd^v for rebuilding the said city mentioned; it was f hereby enaftedy That the mayor, * for all forts of coahy which from and after the twenty-fourth day of See. and cm-June one tnoufand fix hundred jixty-feveny and before the twenty- ployed for in-fourth day of June one thoufand fix hundred feventy-feven? Jbould be J^^ancf brought into the port ^London, or river 0/* Thames, within the other* publick liberties of the said atyy upon the said river to be fold, there Jhmli works, from

be

 t^ooQle

304  Annovicefimo secundo Caroli II. c.in [1670,

the first of be paid by way of impojition thereupon for every chaldron or ton of ^70. to COals^ the fum of twelve pence, to be anfwered to the said mayor ad %9  1  17'  commonalty,  citizens, and their deputies and ajjtgns, and to he appli-

ed and dtjpofed unto and for the Jatisf afiion of Jiuh terfens, whsfi grounds Jbouldy by virtue and in purfuance of toe said aft, be taken and employed for the enlarging of the streets and narrow pajfagts within the [aid city, and other ufes and purpofes in the said aft m 9-fioned: (2) but forafmuch as it doth and will require fir greater fums of money to give fatisfafiion for the ground to be taken and employed for the enlarging of the Jhreets, by this and the aforefnd oS appointed to be enlarged\ and for publick market-places, and other the publick ufes and purpofes in this aft mentioned, than at the time the pajftng of the said aft was or could be forefeen: therefore for the further enabling of the said mayor, commonalty and citizens of the said city, and their fucceflors, to perform the works in this and the said aA for rebuilding mentioned; and alfo for the rebuilding of the refpeAive pan(h churches by this aA appointed to be rebuilt: (3) be it enaAed by the authority afore&id, that for all forts of coals which (from and after the first day of Mq one thoufand fix hundred and feventy, and before the twenty-ninth day of September, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred eighty-feven) (hall he imported and brought into the said port of the city of London, or the river of Thames, within the liberties of the said city, upon the fame river, there (hall be paid by way of impofition thereupon, according to the rates hereafter mentioned, (that is to fay) for all fuch coals as (hall be there imported and brought in from 19 Car. *. c. an<* ^tcr t^ie first day of May one thoufand fix hundred

3.  t\ j6. ’ * feventy, and before the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand ux hundred feventy-feven, there (hall be paid for every chaldron or ton thereof two (hillings, over and befide the a-forefaid impofition of twelve pence the chaldron or ton, by the said aA for the rebuilding the city of London appointed to be paid; (4) and for all fiich coals wnich (hall be there imported and brought in from and after the said four and twentieth day of June one thoufand fix hundred feventy-feven, and before the said twenty-ninth day of September one thoiifand fix hundred eighty-feven, there mall be paid for every chaldron or ton thereof three (hillings; (5) and the fame (hall by virtue of this aA be collected, levied and paid in fuch fort and manner, in all and every refpeA, as in and by the said aA is limited and appointed for the colleAing and levying the duty of twelve pence the chaldron or ton of coals impofed by the said aA: Rules and au- an<* an<* cvcry the powers, authorities, directions and pro-tliorities tor ' vifions, in or by the laid aA mentioned or provided for the collecting the levying and colleAing thereof, or for the ordering or regu-fa»d impofi- fating the payments of the said coal-meters or others in the vsons.  difeharge of their refpeAive offices and duties, or for the

preventing of fraud and covin, and difeovery of the Juft quantities of all forts of coals to be imported 2s aforeurid, and all other things relating thereunto, (hall remain and be

in

.670.J Anno vicefimo secundo Caroli II. c.n.  305

»e in force, and by virtue of this prefent ad fhhll and may be :xercifcd and put in ure, for the collecting and levying the fe-reral duties aforefaid, and of either of them rcfpeCtively, accord-rig to the purport and effeCt of the aforefaid ad in all and eve-y refpedt and that for and during all the time by this ad limited and appointed for the payment of the said impofitions or either of them refpedively^as if the fame were exprefly mentioned in.this prefent ad, with reference to the said impofitions thereby impofed ; (6) all which monies fb to be received upon ac^ count of the laid reipedive impofitions or either of them, (halt from time to time be paid into the receipt of the chamber of the city of London, and from thence (hail be ifliied and paid according to the diredion and appointment of this prefent ad, and not otherwife. And the said chamber of the city of London (hall (land and be charged with all the reiidue of the (aid monies there paid in, which (hall not be ifliied out and paid accordingly.

XXXIX.  And be it further enaded. That all and every fum How the mo-, and fums of money which (hall be raifed upon the receipt of the Pcy rcc«v«d • feveral and reipedive impofitions aforefaid, or by fuch additional thc^eralUn-duty in cafe at concealment thereof, as by the aforefaid ad is pofitions (hall appointed, (hall be imployed and difpofed in manner and form be difpofed. , following, (that is to fay) three fourth parts of all the monies which from and after the said first day of May one thoufand fix hundred feventy, and before the said twenty-fourth day of June one thou&nd fix hundred feventy and feven, (hall be raifed ot payable upon thereceipt of the aforefaid impofition of two (hil* lings for every chaldron or ton of coals, or in cafe ot concealment thereof as aforefaid, (hall be imployed and difpofed for and towards the rebuilding, ereding or repairing of the said parilh churches refpcdively, according to fuch order and direction as by the loid archbifhop of Canterbury, the lord bifhop and lord mayor of London for the time being, or any two of them, (hall  1

be given in that behalf* and the lame (hall from tinge to time be ifliied out and paid accordingly, unto fuch person and perfons  J

a» they or any two of them (hall by warrant under their hands and feals for that purpofe dired and appoint: {2) and the other fourth part, refidue thereof, (hall be imployed for and towards the giving fatisfadion for grounds fet out and imployed for in-laiging of the ftreets, making of wharfs, keys, publtck marketplaces and other publick ufes, in this and the forefaid aft mentioned and appointed : (3) and that one moiety of all monies which from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand fix hundred feventy and feven (hall be raifed or payable upon the aforeikid impofition of three (hillings the chaldron or ton of coals, or in cafe of concealment thereof as aforefaid, (hall . be imployed and difpofed for and towards the rebuilding, erecting and repairing of the said refoedive parifti churches, by fuch order and direction, and to be ifiued and paid by fuch warrant, of the said lord archbifhop of Canterbury, lord bifliop and lord mayor of London for the time being as aforefaid; and the other moiety thereof (hall from time to time be imployed and difpofed (or Vol. VIII.  X  th*

 CjOOQle

jp6  AnnoTricefimo  fecundo  Cakou  IL  c.tt.  ‘ [1670,.

the smog of fimsfedaon for ground fet out aad imploded as a* forohud, and fetch other publick ufes and purpofcs askthtsnl the aforefaid ad are mentioned and appointed.

XL. And be it further enaded and declared by the an than* ty aforefaid. That for all monies arifing upon the receipt of me fevend impofidons aforefaid, or either of them refpodive-* ly, which in pursuance of this ad fhall be paid into the chanw bar of the city of London^ it fhall and may be lawful for the chamberlain, or fuch other person or persons who (hall heap-pointed to iflue out and pay the fame, thereout to defaulk and retain for the use of the {aid mayor and commonalty and cm-Ten fillings zens Gf the said city and their feicceflbrs, the fum of ten fhaMingi hundr^Cry ^or CVC17 hundred pounds, and fo after that rate for any greater pounds, to be or leller fum thereof, in lieu of the trouble, hazard and incident defalked for charges attending the receipt and payment thereof, the mayor,See.  XLI. Provided always, and be it cnaded, That it (ball aad

Gnefturth may be lawful for the lord archbUhop of Canterbury*, the lord part of the  bifhop of London and lord mayor of London for the time being,

I**  two of them as aforefaid, to imploy or difpofc for and

jSS^ofs” towar<k the building or repairing the cathedral church of St. Paul's church. Pauly one fourth part of the money by this ad given and ap-Furtbtr pro*vi- pointed for the building, eroding or repairing of the parijfc churches aforefaid.

s Jac/a. c. it. XLII. And foraftmuh as the monies to be raifed by flub reurpe tf 5' the impojitions aforefaid for every tbaldron or ton of coahy -by \nrtne of this and the aforefaid aft, will not at prefent ratfefiuh a flock or jam of money as may be fufficient for the effecting the ends and pstrfefes is this and the aforefaid aft mentioned and intended;

The profits a- XLIII. It is hereby further enaded and declared. That the riftngfromthc ford archbifhop of Canterbury, the lord bifhop of Londmty and impofitions lord mayor of London for the time being, (hall be and are hero-nay be ingag- by impowered by indenture under their hands and feals, to en-SefcnTfodc SWWfMte nifingcf the tefpeaive impofitions by this ad of money.  tmpofted, and thereby appointed to be imployed for and towards

the rebuilding and eroding, or repairing of the cathedral and parifh churches within the laid city refpedively, or any parr or parts thereof, as a fecurity for any fum or (urns of money by them to be borrowed for that purpofe, to any person or persons that (hall or will advance any tarns of money upon that fecurity : all which monies fo to be borrowed fhall be imployed for and towards the rebuilding and eroding, or repairing of the feud cathedral and parifh churches refpedively, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad; (2) and in like manner.alfo are hereby further impowered, to affign fuch proportion or proportions of the monies, to be paid in courfe out of the said nupo-* ferions, to the parifhioners of any of therefpedivcparifh churches, or any other person or persons who (hall aad will fecure the advancement of prefent monies for the rebuilding of their respective parifh churches, and (hall be willing to accept of fuch affign-ments for his or their fatisfadion of the monks to be difburfed and .laid out saihe rebuilding thereof} (3) and that the tad .  k  mayor,

 v^ooQie

1670.] Anno vtaefimot secundo CaroliII. c.ii.  goj

nayw, commonaky and citizens of the city of London and their ucceJIbrs, (hall be and are hereby enabled to engage the refidue yf the profits arifine of the said impofition, either by virtue of rhis or the afbrefaid ad refpeftively, as a fecurity for any fum or Toms of money by them to be borrowed and taken up for that purpofe, by indenture under their common feal, to any pcrfon or perfcnsthat (hail or will upon that fecurity advance any prefent sum or sums of money: all which sum or sums of money fo to-be borrowed, fhall be imployed for and towards-the making of fiich (atisfaftion, and other the ufes, intents and purposes where-unco the laid refpeftive impofitions are by this and the aforefaid a6t appointed to be converted and imployed, and not otherwife 5 and alfo in like manner fhall and may affign any fum or fums-of -money to be paid in courfe out of tne said impofition, to any peifon or perions whofe grounds (hall be taken as aforefoid, who are or (hall be willing to accept thereof for his or their fatis-fadtion.

XLIV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, A new key of That for the better benefit and accommodation of trade, and wharf to be for other great conveniences, there (hall be left a continued traft from of ground all along from Linden-Bridge to the Temple, of the tridge’to the breadth of forty-foot of affizf from the North-fideof the river of tempk forty Thames, to be converted to a key, or publick and open wharf j foot broad, and that in order thereunto, all buildings, (heds, pales, walls* inclofures, and other obftruftions and impediments whatfoever, now ftandihg or being within forty foot Northward of the said liver of Thamesbetween the places aforcfaid, (cranes, flairs and docks only excepted) (hall within eight months now next enfu-ing be taken down and removed, and the said ground cleared and levelled, and that from henceforth there (hall be no build-ing or erection whatfoever (except only cranes, ftairs and docks as aforefaid) placed or fet within or upon the said forty foot of ground or any part thereof between the places aforelaid ; (2) and that all buildings that (hall hereafter immediately border upon any port of the said ground, upon the North-fide thereof,

(nail front and be plaoed in the line that (hall be fet out for the bounds of the breadth of the said forty foot of ground Northward ; and that the fame building (hall be of the fecond or third fort or rate of buildings mentioned in a former aft of this prefent parliament, intituled. An act for the rebuilding the city ^London, at the eleftion of the rebuilder thereof; wherein fuch regulari- J9Car. *. c. 3% ty of building (hall be obferved, and under fuch penalties, at are contained in the said aft in that behalf, and wherein fetch uniformity alfo (hall be had, as in other streets of the said city, except common halls for companies, and other buildings which (hall be otherwife allowed of by his Majesty.

.XLV. And be it further enafted,- That all the said traft o£ ground of the (aid breadth of forty foot from the said river (hall fie open and at large, without any divifion or feparation, and that the bounds of each proprietors ground therein (hall be diftin-guilhed only by -denter-ftenes to be placed in the pavement

jc8  . Anno iricefimo fecuodo CAROL III. c.ii. £1670*

thereof; and that the line of the whole key or wharf between the places aforefaid, and aifo the feveral cranes and flairs with* in the lame places, (hall be afeertained by the dire&ion of the lord mayor and court of aldermen, and fet out by their furveyor accordingly, with his Majesty’s approbation, on or before the four and twentieth day of June one tboufand fix hundred and feventy : (2) and further. That no lighter, boats or other vcf-fels, (nail lie before any the said wharfs or keys between the places aforefaid, on the north-fide of the (aid river, longer than (hall be neceflary for the lading or unlading of goods, without the confent ana permiflion of the wharfingers or proprietors thereof.

XLVI. And be it further enacted and declared. That it (hall and may be lawful for any peribn or persons to lade or unlade any goods or merchandizes at any of the (aid wharfs or keys for ‘ wharfage and cranage, whereof every proprietor, wharfinger or other person concerned, (hall and may demand and receive fuch • rates, and no other, for the fame, a$ (halt from tune to tune be fet out and appointed by his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council.

The chanel XLVII. And be it further enadted by the authority afore&id. Bridewell- That for the further convenience of trade, the chanel of Bride-Dock from well-Doci from the chanel of the river of Thames to Holbaern-Thame* Bridge (hall be funk to a Efficient level, whereby to make it Bridge^be” navigable; and that the ground to be fet out for tne breadth of madenavi- the laid chanel, and of the wharfs on each fide thereof, (hall not gable. be lefe in breadth than one hundred foot; nor (hall exceed one • Gco«*« c.ai. hundred and twenty foot in breadth : and that the line of the said chanel, and wharfs and levels thereof, together with the cranes and flairs to be placed thereon, (hall be afeertained by the said lord mayor and court of aldermen, with his Majesty’s approbation, and fet out by the furveyors accordingly at or before the first day of May next enfuing : and that all the (aid wharf-ground on each fide of the faia intended river (hall lie open and at large (cranes and flairs only excepted) without any divifion.or reparation, and each perfon’s propriety therein to be diftinguifhed only by denter-ftones in the pavement thereof: (2) and that all buildings that (hall hereafter immediately border upon each fide of the said wharfs, (hall front and be placed in the line that (hall be fet out for the bounds of the breadth of the wharfs from the chanel; and that the said buildings (hall be of the fecond rate of buildings mentioned in the said aSfor rebuilding, wherein fuch regularity of building (hall be obferved, and under fuch penalties, as are contained in the said adt: (3) and that no lighter, boat or veflel (hall lie before any the laid last mentioned wharfs or keys, longer than (hall be neceflary for the lading or unlading of goods, without the confent or permiflipn of the wharfingers or proprietors thereof: (4) and that it (hall and may be lawful for any person or persons to land any goods or merchandizes at any ot the said wharfs or keys within the intended chanel or cut fo to be made for wharfage or cranage;

whereof

1Syof] Anno vicefimo fccuhdo CAROti II. cvi t.  $09

vhereof every proprietor, wharfinger or other person concerned ' hall demand and receive fuch rates, and no other, for the fame, s (hall from time to time be fet and appointed by his said Ma-efty, with the advice of his privy council as aforefaid : (5) and hat certain reafonable rates for tolls and other profits arifing by he navigation of the said chanel or cut, (hall be fet and appointed by the lord mayor and court of aldermen, with approbation >f the barons of the exchequer, or two or more of them, and he fame tolls or profits veiled in the mayor, commonalty and ritizens of the city of London, for preservation of the said navigation, fluces, and other incident charges thereof.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted and de- How the :lared. That the finking and making of the said intended cha- <-h?rgc nel of Bridewell-Dock and Fleet-Ditch from the chanel of the - rayca' Thames to Holboum-Bridge, and the fafles and fluces for the better navigation thereon, and the raifing and finking other wharfs or keys on each fide of the, said Bridewell-Dock and Fleet-Ditch* f whereby to being the fame to a level) (hall be bom and first defrayed by the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city of London* out of the said fourth part of the impofition to be raifed upon coals by virtue of this a<5t: (2) and that the said mavor and commonalty and citizens (hall caufe the said chanels to ne funk, and wharfs or keys to be reduced to fuch a level, as may be proper for the proprietors of the ground immediately boitlering upon the laid wharfs or keys to build upon, with Convenient accefs thereto, before the first of Augujl one thoufand fix hundred and feventy: and in the next place after the charge, before mentioned (hall be bom out of the (aid fourth part, fatif-fadtion (hall be made out of the fame fourth part to the proprietors whofe ground hath been or (hall belaid open, or from whom any ground hath been or (hall be taken for the said pub-lick ufe.

XLIX. And whereas fome parts of the said ground fo as aforefaid defigned for publick wharfs on the North-fide of the said river of Thames, and on each fide of the said chanel or cut, will be much improved, and fome other parts thereof will be much impaired in value , by reafon of converting the fame to the ufes aforefaid: to the end therefore, that an equal and reafonable courfe may be held and ufed on each hand, without wrong to any party therein concerns edj (2) be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That as well for the giving fatisfadlion to fuch perfons, whofe wound (hall be employed as aforefaid, or thereby impaired or leflened in value ; as alfo for the afiefling and raifing of monies upon those that (hall by the means aforefaid make improvement or melioration of any of the said ground (b imployed; the fame powers, authorities, form and courfe of proceedings, (hall in ajl things be ufed, exercifcd, put in pradlice and obferved, as are by the said recited aft (made for the rebuilding of London) ordained, provided and appointed for fetisfadtion to be made for ground employed for the enlargement of streets and paflages, and for afleflments to be made in confideration of improvements and melioration of i  X  3  %  houfes

3 to

White-Friers

Dock.

Provifion For fuch as (hall rebuild, a-gainft fecret charges and incumbrances*

One and twenty years pof-(eflion or more, (hall enable the owqertomake leafes.

Waferhoufeat

Broken-

Wharf.

Arnio vicefimo fecuhdo Caroli' IL C.ii; £1675.

hbufes and ground; and that the return of the key about Whit*-Frim Dock (hall not exceed the breadth of twenty foot.

L. And for the fecurity and encouragement of fuch as hart ot (hall rebuild upon the fite of any house or houfes bbmed or demolifhed by realbn of the feid late Are, against fecret charges and incumbrances, wherewith or wHereutitd the feme (hall or may be charged or liable *, (2) be it further enadtod by the authority aforefaid, That no fuch house or houfes already built or to be rebuilt within the said city of London or liberties thereof, nor the owners or others interefted therein, (hall after the rebuilding thereof be further liable to the fetisfe&ion of any charge or charges, incumbrance or incuhlbrances,therewith or whereaaro the fame are or may be liable, by any matter or thing before the said late fire, than the value Ot the ground or foil* hi cafe the fame had not been rebuilt upon, might or would extend to fe-tisfy; unlefs fuch charges or incumbrances as were contracted thereupon by the how owners or others interdted therein, who (hall themfclves be and remain liable to fetisfy the fame, as if t&is prefent adfc had never been had or made.

Li. And whereto many deeds, evidences and other writings were in the said fife iofl, burnt or imhtzilkd, by Which misfortune many persons who have land in the said city are rendred amble to make their right and title fo apparent as can fatisfy fuch as would take leafes cf their said landsr and build upon them j be it eftadted, That if any person or perfons, who have been lawful pofleffors and cftccmed owners of any ground within the said city, for the (pace <rf one and twenty years or more, (hall grant a feafe to any person or persons of the (aid land upon a valuable ground-rent, fo to be efteemed by the said mayor and aldermen or any three of diem, if the said lands (hall afterward be recovered from the said person fo granting, That the leafe (hall be good and valid, the builders only paying the aforefaid ground-rent to the person unto whom the ground (hall rightly belong, (hall be freed from all charge and trouble; any law or cuftom to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

LII. And whereat the water-houfe at or near Broken-Wharf was wholly burnt down and confumed in the time of the late dreadful firey which being found impojfible to be rebuilt with brick, the owners there-of have at their very great charge lately rebuilded the said house with timber, and made the fame ufeful for ferving the inhabitants of the city with water 5 (2) be it therefore enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the said owners and their afiigns are hereby and (hall for ever hereafter be faved harmiefs and indemnified from all trouble or penalties, for or by reafon of their building the (aid house with timber as aforefaid ; any thing in this adt or in the former adt for rebuilding the city of Lendoa to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithuanding.

LI11. Provided, That no continuance of the said reftraint from building (hall exend to the water-houfe at Londoa-Bridge> but .that the fame tnay be built according as in the former adk is prbfidcd.

JJV. PrO-

x&yo*] Anaavittftm-ftcundoCARou II. c.u.  ^il

MV. Provided always That it may be lawful for any per-Ion- or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, owners ana proprietors of any fuch ground meant or contained within this aA, to leave any old foundations of his or theirs unbuilt, to make any new ftoect or paflage, or to enlarge any old ones, the fad owners or proprietors taking care within convenient time after their building, (efficiently to pave and amend all ftich ftrcct and paflages; any thing in this aft or one other aft, in- ,3 Car.s. €.3* tituled. An act for rebuilding the city ^ London, to the contrary notwithftanding.

LV. Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That the lord mayor A ftreet to and court of aldermen lhaU be hereby impowered to caufe a °P«n fourteen ftreet to be opened fourteen foot wide, ir they (hall fo think  from

fit, from the Weft-end dfThreadneedle-flreet down to Loathbury, necdle-ftreet in cafe the proprietors do not voluntarily fo open it before the to Loathbury* four and twentieth day of June next, making fuch allowances to tlje owners and others interefted, as by the former aft for opening of streets is diredbed; which ftreet (hall be and continue an open ftreet for ever.

LVI, Provided always, and be it hereby enafted, That the re- Bury-ftreet in tnainder of Buryfreet in Beavis-Marks which is not yet new- Beavis- Marks, tmilt, may be built after the pattern and model of the other new building m the (aid ftreet; any thing in this or the (aid former aft te the contrary notwithftanding.

LVIJ. And whereas many builders of houfes within the f aid city, mi the liberties thereof \ have (for the more regularity of buildings, mi making many of the Jlreets and lanes more firaight and beautiful than otherwtfe they would have been) by ana with the' appointment amt approbation of the find Jurveyors, advanced their foundations in many places further into the Jlreets and lanes thereof upon the foil of the fatd Jlreets and lanes, than the fame formerly food, whereby fome difference may hereafter pojjibly arife, either between our fovereigrt lord the King, hts heirs and fucceffors, or between the mayor, commonalty and citizens of the fold city, or other proprietors of the ground fo built uptmy and the said builders, or fuch perfin or perfons, bodies politick and corporate, to whom the inheritance ef the said houfes Jo built, now doth or hereafter Jhall belong:

(2) for prevention whereof, be it further enafted, That all ground and fori fo taken, or which hereafter (hall or may be fo taken out of the (aid streets or lanes or any of them, fhaH from henceforth for ever be united and annexed to the said houfes : and that all and every person and persons whatfoever, bodies polu- ProvSfb to Art tick and corporate, giving fuch fatisfadtton to his Majesty, or harmlefs to the (aid mayor, commonalty and citizens of the said city, or builder*, other the refpeftive owners or proprietors of the ground fo built upon, and according to ftfch rates as are or ought to be giver* and allowed for ground taken and employed for the enlarging of ftreets, by virtue of the afcrefiid aft fox rebuilding of the said rity, (hall and may hold and enjoy the fijd refpeftive parcels of gtotirtd or foil fo butttupon, united and annexed* to fuch build-ings^ fo*. and during filch terms and eftates as ht and they re-

X 4  .  fpec-

 v^.ooQle

gi2  Anno vicefimo secundo Caroli U. o.ii; [1670^

fpoStively have, or hereafter fhall have, of and in the said houfes and buildings ; any matter or thing to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

LVIII. And whereas the wardens and commonalty of the uryfU-ry of the piercers of the city ^London are now balding* pur Juan* to a defegn approved of by his Majesty* a new fchool-houfe with boufes thereto adjoining* for the accommodation of the mfier, fob-mailer and chaplain thereof* partly upon the fites and tofts of the late Paul's fchooi foool called St. Paul’s fchooi* and the former houfes of the said money* built by fters and chaplain* and partly upon Jome ground next adjoining, he-the company 'mg part of the church-yard belonging to the cathedral church of St. b *nCn^of  London  :  and  whereas  other  parts  of  the  former fitt of the

St. Paul’s fad late fchooi and of other houfes adjoining* have been alfo by bis church- yard, Majestys directions cut off and laid into the said church-yard* for the and confirmf 4 enlargement and accommodation of the paftage at the eaft-ettd of the to them.  jaift cat)jedral \ (2) be it therefore enadted, That fo much of the

faid ground adjoining to the fite of the said late fchooi and former houfes, as is comprized within the foundation of the fiud new fchooi and houfes now building for the laid mailers and chaplain, be and are hereby veiled and fettled on the laid wardens and commonalty and their fucceflors for ever, *9 the laid jate fchooi and former houfes were before the said fire ; and that the said other parts of the former fite of the laid late fchooi and other houfes adjoining, laid unto the church-yard as aforefaid for the enlargement of the late paflage, (hall continue a paflage for ever, and be and are hereby veiled and fettled on the dean and chapter of the cathedral church of St. PauTs aforefaid, and their fucceflors for ever, as the refidue of the laid church-yard is and was heretofore; any thing in this a£l to the contrary not-withflanding.

Provifoforthe LIX. Provided always. That nothing in this a<ft contain-churches of jrd (hall extend or be taken to veil or fettle the church of |t# Eait|l j St. Paul and St. Faith or any part thereof, or the church of St! Gregory Gregory by St. PauTs* or any of them, or the church-yard;

B . to any of thepi belonging or appertaining, or any pan of any of them, in the mayor, aldermen and commons of the ci{y of London, or any of them, or in any other person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, other than the ground whereupon St. Pauls fchooi an>d houfes thereunto belonging* are by this acfl appointed to be rebuilt; any thing in this a& notwithstanding.

A11 LX. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority a-mColeraan/ forefaid, That whereas the alley called Whites-Alley in Qokmen-fireet. ftreet* London* was not wholly burnt down in the fajd late fire, but the one half-part thereof, or near thereabouts, i^ yet Handing ; neither was the said alley ever any thorough’ paflage, nor will the enlarging thereof be any orpatpent or advantage to the said city ; therefore it,fhall and may be lawful to and for the {Several proprietors of and in the laid alley, to rebpild their feveral houfes, on both fides therepf, which were burnt or demojilhed by reafon of the said late fire, upon their old foimdations refpedlively $

. v  this

670.3 Anno vicefimo secundo Caroli II* cai. *  >313

t\is prcfcnt or the said former adt for rebuilding the city of Lon-an9 or any thing therein contained, or any other matter or thing, o the contrary notwithftanding.

LXI. And further, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Market-place That for ever hereafter the said mayor and commonalty and within new-fitixens of London, may and (hall have a market to be kept 5°^* . hrcc or four days in the week, as to them (hall feem conveni-  by leafe or

:nt, upon the ground now fet out bv the aflent of the dean and othcrwife :hapter of the cathedral church of &t. Pauly London, for a mar-  v  *

cet place within Newgate: (2) and that the said dean and chip-:er mall make and give one or more leafe or leafes of the said ground, to the said mayor, commonalty and citizens, and alfo of the wall of the said churchward, abutting feverally upon Paternojler-Row and the Old-Change, for the term of forty years, referving the yearly rent of four pounds for the ground of the said market-place, and two pence for every fuperficial foot of the ground of foil of the said wall, as it is now fet out by the furveyors of the city, and of the said dean and chapter; and fo from forty y£ars to forty years for ever, at the like yearly rent, and one year’s rent after the rates aforefaid to be paid by way of fine for each of the laid grounds refpe&ively, upon the making every new leafe thereof: which (aid leafe and leafes (hall be good ana effectual in the law, as against the said dean and chapter, and their fucceffors, and all persons claiming by, from or under them: and that no houfc, (hed or other building (hall (land, or hereafter be ereded and fixed upon the said market-place, other than the market-houfe already built, without the content of the said dean and chapter; any thing in this or any other a6t to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXII. And whereas by a late aft of this prefent parliament, fo- 19 Car. sue.*. tituledy An a6t for rebuilding the city of London, it was enafted> f. %i.

That the parishes to be rebuilded within the (aid city of London, fo

lieu of those which were demolijbed by the late dreadful fire, Jbould

not exceed the number of thirty-nine : but forafmuch as upon an ex-

aft furvey taken of the number of houfes to be rebuildedi and. of the

extent of the refpeftive parishes necej/ary to be fettled and continued

within the said city y it doth appear that the parishes to be fettled and

fontinuedy and the parijb churches to be rebuilded within the said city

of London, in lieu of those demolijbed or confumed by the laid late

firey cannot conveniently^ by union or otherwise, be reduced to a lefs

number than fifty-one: (2) be it further enafted by the authority Fifty-one pa-

aforefoid. That the number bf parilhes to be fettled, and of riihestobe

paritti churches to be rebuilded, within the said city of London, within the city

(hall be fifty-one; the aforefaid a<ft, or any thing therein con- ot London-

tained, to the .contrary notwithftanding.

LXUI. And that the fifty-one parifhes fo to be continued The names of (hall be as ‘hereafter followetb. That is to fay, Alhallows Lorn- the fifty-one fardfireeU forBartholomew Exchange, St. Bridget, alias Brides, Panflie3*

St. Rennets Finky St. Mkhaels; Ctooled-lanty St. ChrifiopherSy St.

Qionis Bfiti-Chutchy Si. Dunftatb in ithp eaft, St. Jam($ Garlick-Inthe, St. Michael Cornhill, St. Michael Bajfijhaw, St. Margaret

Loath,

jr4  Anm>'wocft«aftciinArCAlt«Li  IL

Loatbbmy,  St. Mary  AUormmibn Sr. Lndgotn, St. fa

tors CornbiU, St.  Stephens Coleman-ftreet and U

remain and continue as heretofore they were: (2) and that the refpe&ive parifh-churches to each of the find parifhes Wfang-w (hall be rebuilded and continued for tkeufe of the hafn-rimesj and that the feveral parifhes hereafter mentioned od be refpeftirely united into one parifh, in manner bemfierfU-ParifcestnuN lowing, that is to fay, the parifhes of  mi

«d and joined, Sent John Evangelijt fhall be united into one parifh, and Ac .. church heretofore belonging to the laid parifh ofAShah'em chtucb  be  rebuilded,  and  fhall be the pwifh-church of At

faid parifhes lb united: the parifhes of  Gnat  mi

Albauows tht Ltfs fhall be united into one parifh, (?} and the church heretofore belonging to die laid parifh of AfbaBom dr Great fhall be the parifh-church of the hud parifhes fb united :

(4)  the parifhes of Saint Mans Woodftroot and Saint Oliva

ver-ftrett, fhall be united into one parifh, and the church heretofore belonging to the hid parifh of Saint Mans fPoadftnn fhall be the parifh-church of the laid parifhes fo united: (5) Ae parifhes of Saint Am* and and  ObM be

united into one parifh, and the church heretofore belonging ts the (aid parifh of Saint Anne and Agnes (hall be the parifh-chiacb of the laid parifhes fo united: (6) the parifhes of Saint Anfti* and Saint Faiths fhall be united into one parifh, and the church heretofore belonging to the laid parifh of Saint Anftins fhatt be the parifh-church of the find parifhes united: (7; die pari&ct of St. Andrew Wardrobe and St. Ant Black-Friars fhall be anted into one parifh, and the church heretofore belonging to the Aid parifh of St. Andrew Wardrobe fhall be the parifh-church o Ae laid parifhes fo united: (8) the parifhes of St. Anthohns and St.

John Baptififhall be united into one parifh, and the church heretofore belonging to Ae said parifh of St.  fhall  be the

parifh-church of Ae Aid parifhes fo united: (9) the parifhes of St.  Bonnet Groce-cbterch and  Sr. Leonard Eesfttbeap fhall be tmited

into one parifh, and Ae church heretofore belonging to the HU parifh of St. Bemut Greee-ebureb fhall be the parifh-church of ,the said parifhes fo united: (10) the parifhes of St. Bonnet PauTs-wharf and St. Peter  fhall be united into one

parifh, and the church heretofore belonging to Ae Aid parifh of St. Bonnot Pauls-wbarf fhall he Ae parifh-church of the said parilhe* fo united: (11) Ae parifhes of Chrijt-Cbtereb and Saint Leonard Fofitr-lane fhall be united into one parifh, and the church heretofore belonging to the said parifh of  fhall be

the parifh-church of the said parifhes fo united: (12) the parifhes of Saint Edmond the King and Saint Nicholas Aeons A all be united into one parifh, and the church heretofore belonging to Ae said parifh of Saint Edmond the King fhall be Ae parifh-church or the said parifhes fo united: (13) the parifhes of Saint George BottUph-sane and Saint Botolpb  fhoU be

united into one parifh, and the church heretofore belonging

to

.'Annoviccfimtf faiaodaCjntOM II. c.1

the feld parifhof Saint Georgeftotelpk-lone (hall be the pariih-=*awdi of the fiud parifoes fo uaitad: (14) the parifoes of St* WL  amorence Jury and Saint Adegdulttes Ami-ftmt fhaii be united

KMKo one parifh, and the church heretofore bebogiAg to the said jcerili of Siawt Lam-out Jury Anil be the parith-cburoh of the Fiftad pwrifhee fo united: (ij) the purifhm a Saint  and

SdMX Margeeret Note FiJh-Jirtet fhaii be united: into one: parifh, smmmi- the church heretofore belonging: to the said piniflt of Some ARASagnus (halt be the parifotchufch of the fiud parilhet (burnt* od: (iri) the pari foes of Saint ABcbael and Saint Adartmt ff&etry (half be uratud into one parifh, and the chttech hereto-fore belonging to the (hid parifh of  Royal  foal)  be

the parifh-church of the Bid parifoes fb anted: (>7) the pa-rafhes of Saint  Matthew Friday-Jlreet and Stmt Peters-chtap fhaii

be united into one parifh^ and' the church hereto face belonging to the said parifh of Saint Matthew Friday+finet foal) be the pa* rifh-chureh of the laid parifoes fo united ; (18) the parifoes of Saint Mar gar ft Pattens and Saint Gabriel Fen-cburcb fhaii be u-rtited into one parifh, and foe church heretofore belonging to the said parifh of Saint Margaret Pattens (hall be the panfo-chureh of foe /aid parifoes fo united: (19) the parifoes of Saint Jbiary Atthill and Saint Andrew Hotter dm*U be united into ana parifh, and the church heretofore belonging to foe said parifh of Saint Alary Atthill foaU be the parifh-church of the find parifoes fo united : (20) the parifoes of Saint Alary Welmtb and Saint Mary  fFbol-aburtb fhaii be united into one parifh, and the

church heretofore belonging to the bid parifh of Stunt Alary Ff'obwtb fhaii be the pariflv-church of the said parifoes fo united: (21) the parifoes of Saint Clement Eefi-cbeap and Saint Afartim Organ (hall be united into one panfo, and the church heretofore belonging to the &id parifh of Saint Clement Eaftchtap fhaii be foe parah-church of the (aid parifoes fo united: (22) foe parifoes of Saint Mary Ab-churcb and Saint Lawrence ney foaU be united into one parifh, and the church heretofore belonging to foe said parifh of Mary Ab-tbureb (hall be the parifo-church of the said parifoes fo united: (23) the parifoes of Saint Alary Aldtrmary and Saint Thomas  (hall  be  unit-

ed into one parifh, and the church heretofore belonging to the (aid parifh of Saint Alary Aldtrmary fhaii be foe parifh-church of the said parifoes ib united: (24) foe parifoes of Saint Mary It Bow, Saint Petncras Staper-lent and  Honey-lane  (hall

be united into one parifh, and the church heretofore belonging to foe (aid parifh of Saint Mary U Bow fhaii be the parifo-Church of the laid parifoes lb united: {2*5) the parifoes of Saint Mildrtds Poultry and Saint Mary Cole-Church fhaii be united into one parifh, and the church heretofore belonging to the said parifh of Saint Mildreds Poultry fhaii be the parifo-church of the laid parifoes fo united: (26) the parifoes of Saint MichatllVctd-fireet and Saint Mary Staining fhaii be united into one parifh, and the church heretofore belonging to the said parifh of Saint

0*5

 v^.ooQle

316  Anno  vicefimo  fecundo  Caroli. II c.ii.*

Michael IVoodpreet (hall be the parifti-church of the find pariib-es fo united: (27) the pari(hes of Saint Afildred Bread~/tre*f and Saint Margaret Mofes (hall be united into one parifli, and' the church heretofore belonging to the said pari(h of Sasna Mildred Bread-Jlreet (hall be the pariflt-church of the paiifhes fo united: (28) the pariflies of Saint Michael Queen-Hitb and Trinity (hall be united into one parifli, and the church heretofore belonging to the said pari(h of Saint Michael Qveeh-f&h (hall be the pariQi-church of the (aid panfhes fo united : (29) the pariflies of St. Mary Mdgdalens Old Fijb-ftreet and St- C?r*-gories (hall be united into one parifli, and the church heretofore belonging to the (aid parifli of St. Mary Magdalen Old Fijb-fireet (hall be the parilh-church of the said pari(hes fo united: (30) the pariflies of St. Mary Somerfet and St. Mary Muntham mail be united into one nari(h, and the church heretofore belonging to the said pariui of St. Mary Smerfet (hall be the pa-rUh-church of the said pariflies fo united: (31) the panfhes of St. Nicholas Cole-Abby and St. Nicholas Olaves (hall be united info one parifh, and the church heretofore belonging to the (aid parifli of St. Nicholas Cole-Abby (hall be the parim-church of the said pariflies fo united: (32) the pariflies of St. Olaves Jury and St. Martins Pomroy, alias Ironmonger-lane, (hall be united into one parifli, and the church heretofore belonging to the said parifli of Saint Olaves Jury (hall be the parifti-church of the raid pariflies fo united: (3?) the pariflies of St. Stephen Wdbrook and St. Bennet Sberhog mail be united into one naiifti, and the church heretofore belonging to the said parifli of Saint Stephen TValbrook (hall be the parifti-church of the said pariflies fo united: (34) the pariflies of St. Switbin and St. Mary Bo-thaw (hall be united into one parifli, and the church heretofore belonging to the (aid parifli of St. Swithin (hall be the parifti-church of the said pariflies fo united: (35) the pariflies of St. Vedajl alias St. Fojlers, and St. Michael Quern (hall be united into one parifli, and the church heretoforehelonging to the (aid parifli of St. Vedajl alias St. Fojlers (hall be the parilh-chureh of . the said pariflies fo united.

The fame©*- LXIV. And it is hereby further enaded and declared* That t^lc refpedfcive churches to be rebuiided within the said city according to London and liberties thereof, (hall be built and eredted ac-models ap- cording to fuch models, and of fuch dimenfions, and in fuch pointed bythe manner and form in all refpeds, as by the (aid lord archbi-archbifhop of (hop of Canterbury, lord bifliop of London, and lord mayor of

5W,th his Maj^^ approtonon don, and lord thereof,) (hall be directed and appointed. (2) And the said mayor of Lon- refpeftive pariflies herein before-mentioned and- appointed to don, with the be united as afimfaid, (hall for ever hereafter remain and bttion *Ppn>' continue fo united and confolidated and annexed unto the fe-D*tlon' veral and refpe&ive parilh-churches by this a<ft appointed to be rebuiided as aforefaid 5 and the refoe&ive parifliioners, and the inhabitants of the said feveral parUnes fo to be united as afore.

&id

*79*3 Anno vicefimo fecuhdo Caroli II. c.n/  3*7

ucl by force of this prefect ait, ftwll hereafter refort to the' 4 id churches refpedively. as to their proper parifh-church :  ^  \

xd all tithes and other duties heretofore due and payable to te refpe&ive incumbents of the said parifh-cburches refpe&ive- *

% (hall hereafter be paid and payable to the incumbent of that ixurch onlv, which by'this?a<5t is appointed to be rebuilded1 nd eftablimed for the parifh-church of the parishes fo united ; s aforefaid.  1  -

LXV. And be it further ena&ed, That id! plate arid goods plate and eretofore belonging to any of the church-wardens of'any the goods belong->arifhe$ of thbfe pari fives burnt downy Which arr not ;how to 1“8 tou . r >e rebuildecL* for theufe of the (aid churches, (hall be enjoyed ^bc rSid? yy the refpe<ftive church-warden^ and their fuccefiors, of the Oia)l be enjoy*! efpe&ive parifiies of fuch churches to berebuiided refpec* ed by the. ively, whereunto the laid othier churches burnt down are u- church-ward- ^ nitod by this ad, to the use of the find churches and parifiies those jxbuild-^efpe<Shvcly.  ed.

LX VI. Provided always. That the fites of the churches Church-yard* to be demolifhed, and the church-yards belonging to the to beinclofed Game, (hall be indofed with brick dr ftone-walls for burial^ make^urial-places for the parifiies formerly belonging to the fame, and the place*, fxmfhes to which, they are tefpe&ively united as aforefaid, and not ufed or imployed for any other purpofe whatfbever; excepting fuch of the fites and church-yards, or parts of fites and church-yards of the said parifh-churcbes fo demolifiied as aforefaid, as are already laid into the streets and marketplaces fo fet out for that purpofe, or fuch Other as fhall within two years now next following be thought fit by the mayor and aldermen of the said city, with the confent of the lord archbifhop of Canterbury and lord bifhop of London, and by his Majesty’s approbation, to be laid into the streets and markets for inlargement and accomodation thereof, or for pub-lick ftore-places.

LXVII. Provided always. That where any part of the churches or church-yards of any of the said parifh-churchcs hereby appointed to be rebuilt and continued, have been thought fit by the mayor and court of aldermen of the said city, to be laid into any of the streets within the said city for inlargement thereof \ and by order of the said mayor and court of aldermen, fhall have been before the five and twentieth day of March one thoufand fix hundred and feventy, ftaked and fet out accordingly i it is hereby further ena&ed and declared, that the grounds fo flaked out fhall he made use of for the inlargine of the said ftreets, according as the fame were for that purpofe ftaked and fet out as aforefaid; this prefent aft, or any thing therein contained, to the contraiy notwithftanding.

LXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed and de- Notwithftaad. dared. That notwithftanding fuch union as aforefaid, each and ing the onion, every of the parifiies fo united, as to all rates, taxes, parochial the parities as rights! charges and duties, and all other privileges, liber-

jc&  AjvMmcttinp fccun<k>-Ci*<M.ilL c.rr.

privilege*, to tie* and refpe^s whatfoever, Other tbawint a*e-herein b mumdif- fow m^Htioped and fpecified, (hall continue aad remain & “““*  tiaft, and a* heretofore they were, before the making of th»

prefent a&; £2) and that the fevesal and reipedive patrons 4 the said churches fo united (ball and may _prefont by turns a that chuRfh^niy which by this «& ia appointed to be reboihki and pftahliftwd for the pafUh-iCiwfch of the parities fc> noita as aforefaid: the first prefentment to be made by the patten d , rfodt-ofthefoidchuKjbes, (beefufowniEnte whereof are of d*

. greateft warty value. -Provifo fbrthe t iLv&I<£-: Provided always, and it is hereby dedaned, That prefcnt In- ‘thisaift,9r *Wy (thing-therein,contained, iball not extend orb cumbems of construed to deprive, the prefer* incumbents, which at the tin to berrtmHd  - ^Wfotefire wepe or now Rrerin pofleflion of any of be

04,  "faid pari/fr-churches nottobc wlmdckd, or any oftbean, of the

‘tithes or other profits beftetetfone belonging: to ibdr refpefbvt churches, fo long as they (hall aflift in ferving the cose, and other, olives belonging totheir duty jit the parifo-charch when-unto their rdpe&ive parUhea.lhall be united and annexed b Virtue of this aft,; according to the diredhoo of -the ordinary; any thing in th»6 prefeat: ,a<& Contained to the contrary notwith-(landing: (2) favisg to the Kira’s majefty, his heics and (be-ceffors, the tenths and firft-frpit* .of m fuch parifh-churcha as by .force of this prefent a^ dtoll be united and confalidataf as aforefaid, according to fu<& rates and valuations as the fine do rdpeiftively (fond rated and valued at, in his Majeft/s com of firfi-‘fruits and tenths; apy -thing in this -pnefeni a<St notwitb-(landing : (3) iavwg alfo to all other porfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, eccjetiaftical and civil, their ton and focceffors, all penfiona, annuities and payments whatfo-ever, heretofore ,due * from and payable by any of the nefion, vicars and curates of any . of foe said churches united or coo-folidated as aforefaid; any thing in this prefent adt notwitb-ftanding.

LXX. Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the warden and minor canons of Saint iftarfY church London, parfon and proprietors of the «e£tory of the parift of Saint Grigories aforefaid, to receive ind enjoy all tithes, oblations -and duties anting or-growing doe within the said parifo, in as large and beneficial manner as formerly they have or lawfully might have done; anything herein to the contrary net-withftanding.

LXXI. Andwhereas tht wardens of tbt mjficq tf the mercers of the city of London, at the time Saint Mary  were Jeifed iyfee of the retlory .and penfh-church  if  St.

Cole Church. Mary Cole-Church, (the said church .being an

. ten feet higher than theAriel,  an certain rooms undent-

ed vaults or cellars of toe said wardens and commonalty) upon tht fa 4 free-fchooL ef which church they have  to build a  , and far

buildings conformable to the. rules.of thefaid former.  and

wot

0*3 ArmoVictfino fecund  c.nl

3*»

w the dead todm and bones of fitch as have been buried upon the tar, cmd Jo caufe them to be .decently rtpofad within the body of r ebapel) commonly called Mereers»Chapel \ (%) be it there*

5  hent>y ena&ed, That the fine of the said parUh-chunrii,

L the materials thereof remaining upon the said file, be and hereby fettled upon the laid wardens and commonalty, and hr fuccefTors for ever: and that the Arid wardens and cornual ty fhall pay to the lord mayor and aldermen of the city London for rile ferae, fuch fom of moneytowards the rebuild-; of the church whereontp the fame is by this *£t appointed  t

be united, as (hall be agreed upon between the said lord tyor and aldermen, and the said wardens and commonalty, be ailefled by a jury impanelled and horn, as by the said mer aft is dire&ed in any other cafe; any thing in this a& the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXII. And whereas feveredparifh-chwrtbis, tbancelsj parfonago i vicarage hou/es were confwned in the late difmal fire\ to the end trefore the incumbents, parfons and viears may not be liable to the building of their chancels, parfonage and vicarage boufes, nor to be Provifion that

td for dilapidations; (2) be k enadted by the authority rfore-Parfons may

id. That the incumbents, parfons and vicars of the aforefaid Lurches, their executors and adminiftrators, fhall be and arc :reby indemnified, as to the rebuilding of their refpedive, tancels, parfonage and vicarage houfes, and fhall not be liable ► any fuits, troubles or molestations that may arife for dilapi-ttions aforefaid; and that no procefs ihall be ifliied out of any )urt whatfoever agamft the persons aforefaid, for their not re-uilding their refpedtive chancels and parfonage and vicarage oufes; any law or statute to the contrary in any wife notwithanding.

LXXlII. And whereas firJl-fmitSj tenths and fevered penfums re from the said parfons and vicars to be yearly paid to his Majesty, nd fevered duties to the ordinary and archdeacon, that his Majesty vill be gracioufly pleafed, that it may be enadted; and be it parfont and urther enafted 6y die authority aforefaid. That the said par- ▼ic»rsexenipt-bns and vicars be indemnified, and are hereby indemnified, ?Mi‘oni fibroin the payment of all firft-fruks, tenths and penfions due ind which Aall be due to his Majesty, and from all dues to M pcntoon,# die ordinary and archdeacon, and an other dues whatfoever :hargeableupon them refpedtively, until fuch time as they (hall receive the profits arifing from the fame as formerly: (2) and that no procef6 fhall be iflued out of any court whatfoever a* gainft the persons aforefaid, for their non-payment of firft-fruits, tenths, penfions or any other the dues aforefaid $ any law or statute to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

LXXIV. And whereas divers mintfters have been already Hnce the fire, and may be from time to time preferred aniinfiituted, ana being fa are liable to the forfeitures of their feveral livings for not reading the thirty-nine articles, and far not doing other things enjoined by law hi their feveral parijb-churches; (2) be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That all fuch waiters as have been or fhall be from indemnified

time

tunfi artices.

npowered let leafes of their glebe lands.

320  Anna  viciflmo  f<xilnck)  Garoli  U.  c.ii. fit;

for not read. time to time prefented and inftitoted fince the (aid. fire, be 2 are hereby indemnified from the feveral penalties and forfeits rfr.-vN. inemred and to ^ incurred by or for not reading of the thin nine articles, or not doing other things enjoined by law as forefaid, until fuch time as the said feveral churches be re~3 fied or made fit for publick worlhip.

LXX V. And whereas the said parjons and vicars^ or fame of tbe\ are interejled in feveral glebe lands vr grounds, the which they cam rebuild themfehes, nor let fuch leafe or leafes as may be an enccsr^ Impowercd to mnt f"* to rebuild the fame; (2) be it enacted by the ^ thority aforefaid, That the laid parfons and vicars and every i them refpedively, be impowered and are hereby impowere* J let fuch ledfe or leafes of their said glebe lands or grounds, wit the confent and approbation of the patron or patrons and oii nary, for any term not exceeding forty years, and at fuch vez Iv rents without fine, as can be obtained for the fame; (3/as that no lapfes incurred upon any non-prefentation in due da of any of the patrons of the laid livings fince the laid fire ftaj any ways prejudice or make void the presentations that tbs said patrons have fince made, whereupon any incumbent is finc^ inftituted and induded; any law or statute to the contraiy in any wife notwithllanding.

LXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and e-naded, That if the mayor and commonalty and citrons of the said city of London lhall be concerned in eftate or title *ro any controverfy or difference, whereof the determination is by this or the aforefaid ad referred to the hearing and judgment of tbe said maydr and court of aldermen;- that then and in every fed cafe the juftices of the courts of King’s bench and coaunca pleas and the barons of the coif of the exchequer for the time being, or any three or more of them, upon complaint to them made, lhall be and are hereby authorized to hear and finally order and determine the fame; any thing in this or the afoftfcd ad to the Contrary notwithllanding.

LXXVU. Provided always, and be it enaded, and the lord atLudgatc.and mayor and court of aldermen are hereby authorized and rt-enlstfgcd!° ** Ruired to caufe to be made two poftems, one on either fide a the gate commonly called Ludgate> for the better eafe and convenience of foot-paflengers, and in order hereunto are alio impowered to enlarge the said gate as they (hall find caufe.

LXXVIII. And whereas by the said aft for the rebuilding the city of London, it was enafted, That where any ground fomurh builded upon (the houfes whereupon built were demolished at the tint of the said late fire) Jbould not within three years then next be rebuilded upon9 then after proclamation pubJicify madey and infswy and valuation made and taken of the ground whereupon fuch bssja were fituate, by inquejl of a jury, in fuch fort and manner as is eri by the said aft is mentioned and appointed, the said mayor and aJdtr-men, and common council might make faU thereof: (2) it is hereby declared and enaded. That the said mayor, aldermen and common council lhall not by virtue of the laid ad proceed to the

hie

Two pofterns

Salvo for not rebuilding.

&yo.] Anno vicefimo secundo Caroli II. c. 11.  321

ile of any Ibch ground or foil whereupon arty fuch houfes were txiate, for not rebuilding thereupon, before the four and wentieth day of March which (hall be in the year of our Lord ne tholifand fix hundred feventy and one; nor (hall any ground , e fold by virtue of this or the aforefaid ad, in cafe any person :>r the making of any court, yard, garden or other eafetnent, nail leave fome part of the antient foundation unbuilt upon backwards.

LXXIX. And be it further enaded and declared. That all ►erfons feifed or interefted of any house or houfes burned or de-nolifhed by reafon of the said late fire, in tail, for life or lives, ir years determinable upon life, with remainder to their heirs >r iflue male or female, or to their first or other fon or fons, laughter or daughters, in tail, or other like eftate; that it (hall TenantintaiV ind may be lawful to and for fuch tenant in tail, for life or m*y. derears, with fuch remainder as aforefaid, by indenture under  the

heir refpedive hands and feals, to demife the ground or foil of {^oft improve uch burned or demolifhed houfes,* without any fine or fines, ed rent, md at the moft improved annual rent, to any person or persons :hat fhall or will rebuild thereupon, for any term of years, not exceeding fifty years : which leafes fo made fhall bind and conclude as well all and every the heirs and iflue of fuch tenant in tail as the first and every other fon and Ions, daughter or daughters, or other iflue of fuch tenant for life or years, as those in reverfion or remainder; and the houfes thereupon built (hall be held and enjoyed by the refpedive leflees thereof and their afligns, (paying the said rent to the persons in reverfion or remainder) during the term^and according to the purport of fuch leafes by virtue of this prefent ad.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Serjermts-Inn authority aforefaid, That as to the house called SerjeOntt-Inn in m Heet-ftreet, Fleet-flreet, of which the fociety of judges and ferjeants at law were tenants at the time of the late fire and many years before; that the King’s moft excellent majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and his or their privy council, fhall be and are hereby im-powered to hear and determine all differences and demands whatfoever touching the said house with the appurtenances, and all thinge elfe to do relating to the rebuilding thereof, and to make orders and decrees concerning the fame, as fully to all intents and purpofes as the judges of the courts of King’s bench and common pleas, and barons of the exchequer might, could or may do concerning any other houfes burnt down by the late fire, by virtue of this and the said former a<ft or either of them. (2) And his said Majesty and council are hereby alfo impowered to order and decree fuch fatisfadtion and re-compence unto Robert Mellijh of the Inner Temple efqnire, as to them fhall feem juft and reafonable; and to order and decree one leafe of the premifles, whereof the inheritance belongeth to the dean and chapter of Tori, not exceeding in the whole fixty years, for the use of the said fociety; and the Vot. VIII.  Y  faid

The houfes pulled down near Tower-ditch, never to be rebuilt.

referred to the judges.

Shops in Smithfield,

before the 19th of Sept. 1674.

322  Anno  vicefimo  fecundo  Caroli U. C.ir. ' [16^

faid dean and chapter and their fucceflors are hereby and enjoined to make accordingly: and what (hall be Jo dered or decreed by his said Majesty and council as aI faid, (hall be good aod effectual in law to all intents and w pofes by virtue of this a ft; and the laid judges and barons of tk exchequer are hereby excluded from making any older or ~ touching the said house with the appurtenances.

LXaXI. And whereas a great number of houfes heretofore mdd and built upon or very near to the Tower-ditch of the dtp f London, were at ora little time after the said late great fire, puSoi or blown down for fafeguard of the said Tower, and are not tkooqjk fit to be rebuilt there: and whereas feme houfes are yet/landing wtii were in leafefor feveral years yet to come, with other houfes pulled dka, at and for certain intire yearly rents; which said rents are wholly non claimed by divers landlords as if the said houfes were yet Jlanding ; mi divers fuits in law are and will be daily brought agmnfi tenants fr breach of covenants of the said leafes incurred fence that time : (*) Differences be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the (aid juftices and barons, or any three or more of them, (hall have ~  *  full power and authority to hear and determine all differences

that may arife between the said landlords and tenants, as if the said houfes had perilhed by the late dreadful fire.

LXXXII. And whereas feveral /beds, /bops and other buildinf have been erefted (fence the late dreadful fire) in Southfield, Moor-andothervoid an^ ot^n V01^ P^cfS within the Jaid city and liberties thereof, places, to be b licence of the lord mayor, aldermen and common council of the fai taken down city, for the accommodation of fuch inhabitants whofe houfes were the and removed burnt or demoli/hed,for the better carrying on of their refpeftive trades; ^  which if they Jbculd be fujfered to have longer continuance than tbt

prefent exigence of the occupiers thereof doth require, would be as occafion to divert the trade of the city, and to difcourage fuch as bate rebuilt houfes within the said city : (2) be it therefore eaa&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the lord mayor and court of aldermen for the time being (hall be and are hereby impowered and required to caufe all and every the said (beds, (hops and other buildings aforelaid, to be taken down and removed at or before the nine and twentieth day of September which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thouiand fix hundred feventy-four.

LXaXIII. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any adtion or fuit (hall be brought or profecuted against any person or persons for any matter or thing done, committed or executed by virtue of this or the aforefaid aft for rebuilding the said city of London, or of any daufc or article in this or the aforefaid aft contained; that then and in aa, ^c! given everY  03 k the defendant or defendants may plead the ge-

in evidence. neral  (not guilty) and give this a ft and the special maftrr

in evidence at any trial thereupon to be had; and if a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant, or the plaintiff (hall be nonfuit or difeontinue his aftion after the defendant hath appeared, the defendant (hall recover double cofts, to be awarded for his or their wrongful vexation in that behalf.

LXXXIV. Pro-

In any aftion brought for putting this aft in execution, the general iffue may be plead ed, and this

57^] Anno vicefiitio secundo Caroli II. C.12.  p.$

X-rXXXIV. Provided always. That this aft or any thing ler'ein contained (hall not extend of be construed to alter or ke void any matter or thing done or to be done by virtue of rry commiflion or commUHons given or granted or to be given r granted by his Majesty his heirs or fucceflors, in purfuanee € two acts of parliament; viz* one in the first year of Queen 1 El. c. n. ilissahetb and another in the fourteenth year of his now Majesty’s i3&i4-Car.t. eign, or of either of them, or of afty other law or right, where-y His Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors may or ought to appoint fuch and fo many open places to be keys and wharfs within the city of London, and may alfo declare the bounds, limits* ictents and privileges of the port of London and all other ports >f England, with feveral other powers and privileges for the preservation of his Majesty’s revenue of the cuftoms collefted there; iny thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding^

CAP. XII.

efn additional all for the better repairing of bigbtvays and

bridges.

FO R the better repairing and amending of the highways, now generally fpoiled by the extraordinary and unreafonable lading of waggons and other carriages, and the negleft of repairing and preferring the fames, (2) be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and of the commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all conftables and furveyors of the highways from time to time during their continuance in fuch their office or offices (hall caufe the feveral acts of parliament heretofore made and yet in force All the fever*I for or touching the repairing, amending or enlarging of high- of parlia. ways, not hereby in any part altered or repealed, to be put in execution within the limits of their refpeftive parifhes and places, highways to and the penalties thereby impofed to be levied and difpofed of be put in ex-as by the said feveral afts is directed : (3) and every conftable ecution. or furveyor of the highways, refufmg or neglefting to put the said afts in execution, or wilfully fuffering any waggons or carts to pafs through his refpeftive limits with any more horfes or other cattle, or in <?ther manner, than by this aft is allowed,

(hall upon complaint thereof made to any juftice of the peace of the place or divifion where fuch neglcft (hall be proved to be done, by the oath of any one credible witnefs (which oath fuch juftice is hereby iinpowered to adminifter) or upon view of the juftice himfelf be thereof convicted; (4) and (nail incur fuch Penalty for fine as the fame juftice (hall think fit to impofe on fuch officer, neglect, not exceeding the fum of forty (hillings for any one offence 5 the fame fine to be levied by the high conftable of fuch place or divifion or any other officer, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftices of the peace,, upon the goods and chattels' of the persons fo offending (rendring the overplus to the owner thpr$of, all neceflary charge in levying the fame being first de-

Y 2  dufted)

324  Anno  vicefimo secundo CaROLI If. c.12.

du&ed) to be employed for the amending of the highways of Ac parifh or place where fuch negledfc (hau be found, as tbe faii juftice or juftices (hall appoint for the doing thereof.

Lands given II. And be it further enadfced, That where any lands have for the main- been or (hall be given for the maintenance of caufeys, pom* ^feys, high- mcnts* highways and bridges, all filch persons that are or fhd ways; bridges, be enfeoffed or trufted with any fuch lands (hall let them to fin Sec. to be at the mod improved yearly value without fine; (2) and that tta farmed at the juftjccs Gf the peace in their open feflions (hall and may empan w^l^vafoe. f°ch ways and means as they think fitting, into the value y  of all fuch lands fo given or to be given, and order the im-

provement and imployment of the rents and profits thereof, » cording to the will and diredtion of the donor of fuch lands, i they find that the persons fo intruded have been negligent a faulty in the performance of their truft (except fuch lands a have been given to the ufes aforefaid, to any college or hall b either of the univerfities of this kingdom which have vifitors 0 their own;) any law, ffatute, ufage or cuftom to the contrar notwithftanding.

III.  And it is hereby enabled. That one claufe contained ii ijfci^Car.i. the adl of this prefent parliament, intituled, An act for enlarge C.6X9. re- of highways, concerning the breadth of the tyre of all wagfga pealed. and cart-wheels, is and (hall hereby (land repealed and be void

1^2) and it is further enabled. That in cafe any person or per* ons (hall refift or make forcible oppofition against any person <4 persons employed in the due execution of this aft or any th adte before mentioned, or (hall make any refeue of any card or other goods diffrained by virtue of this or any of tne Forfeiture for adts; that every fuch person being convidted thereof in mannd ratting the aforefaid, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit the fum of forty" cers. (hillings: (3) and in cafe he do not pay the said fum within feven days after notice of fuch conviction, then it fhaU and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace refiding near tbe place where fuch oppofition or refeue (hall be made, to commit fuch person or persons to the common gaol of the county where fuch offence (hall be committed, there to remain until the laid forfeiture (hall be paid to the furveyor or furveyors of the highways for that pari(h where the offence was committed, to be employed for the amendment of the highways of the fame parifti;

(4)  and if any adtion or fuit (hall be brought against any person or persons for or by reafon of any matter or thing done by means of this adf, the fame (hall be laid in the proper county where the fadl was done and not elfewhere ; and the defendants may plead the general iffue and give the (pedal matter in evidence:

(5)  and if it appear at the trial that tbe fadf was done by authority of this adt, and the jury (hall find for the defendant, he thereupon (as alfo in cafe the plaintiff be nonfuit or difeondnue Treblecoft*. his a#jon) fhall recover his treble cofts fuftained by reafon of Times for re- fnch adfion or fuit. (6) Provided, That in fuch places where paiiing the the highways cannot be fufficiently repaired before the feaft of highways. the nativity of Saint Join Baptijf yearly the fame may and (hall

be

o-3 Anno vicefimo feeundoCAaou II. c. 12.  325

fufficicntiy repaired before the feaft of Saint Luke yearly, bout incurring any penalty for the not doing thereof before (aid feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptijt^ according to said former aft.

V*. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Dete&s to be at all defefts of repairs of caufeys, pavements, highways or lges fhall be prefented in the county only where fuch caufeys, defec-ements, highways or bridges do lie, and not elfewhere; (2) tive lie.

that no fuch prefentment or indiftment (hall be removed by See 5 & 6 W. brari9 or otherwife, put of the said county, till fuch indift- & M*c* **• nt or prefentment be traverfed, and judgment thereupon given. f • Provided always, and be it enafted. That the feveral oc- Lands, boufes, ►hers and inhabitants, or where there are no inhabitants or &c. in the fub-upiers, the refpeftive owners of all and Angular the lands, 3^ souS^ ifes, out-houfes, walls and buildings, fronting and adjoining to war£ and r of the highways, streets or lanes within the luburbs of London Weftminfter,

1 the liberties thereof, and the borough of Southwark, and n}*de liable to

' City/^nn ubCrty °1 ’ °r1.PTn<?Suere0f,„Which Sav«gS

or lhall be paved, (hall and are herebv liable to all rates,  6

dTments, penalties and diftreffes which (nail be had or made vards the fcavengers rates for the places afprefud, in fuch nner as by an act of this prefent parliament, made and i3&i4Car.*, idled in the fourteenth year of his Majesty’s reign for repair- c.t.

: of tbc highways and fewers, is directed and appointed^

) and that where any ground (hajl lie at the end of any of the d streets or lanes, or any other place of which there may be lifpute who ought to pave or amend the fame, that in luch fe the juftices of peace for the said places refpeftively, (hall ve hereby full power and authority in their quarter-leflions, order and determine the fame j which order mall be binding alj persons whatfoever therein concerned ; any law or statute the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Travelling hat from and after the four and twentieth day of June next waggons, ifuing, no travelling waggon, wain, cart pr carriage, wherein ly burthens, goods or wares are or (hall be carried (other than ^ods> \c. tch carts and carriages as are employed in and about huf- Hiall be drawn indry and manuring of lands, and in the carrying of hay, but with five raw, corn unthrelht, coal, chalk, timber for (hipping, ma-  Ste

trials for building, ftones of all forts, or fuch ammunition or  c.  “9.

rtilkry which (hall be for his Majesty’s fervice) (hall at any 9 Ann. c. 1$. ne time travel, or be drawn, or go in any common or pub- 1 Geo. 1. flat, ck highway or road, with above live horle-beafts at length; X1, and nd if any (hall draw with a greater number of horfes or oxen, J^eo!£c4*. hey (hall all draw in pairs, that is to fay, two abreaft tor fuch i5G«o.a.c.a.* lumber as they (hall ufe, except one horfe ; any law, statute x6Geo.».c.29. it ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.  And be it further enafted. That every owner of any The forfeiture waggon, cart, carriage, horfe-beafts or oxen, offending con- for offending :rary to this aft, (hall forfeit for every of the said offences the fym of forty (hillings ; one third part thereof to the furveyors 7 vJ.j^

Y 3  of  C. *9. f, lx

316  Anno  ricefimo  fecundo  Carol! II. c.is.

of the highways of the town, village or hamlet where any At {aid offences lhall be committed, to be employed in the reran of the (aid highways; one other third part to the overfeers of the ppor of the parifh where any of the said offences (hall be comm*-ted, to the use of the poor of the said parifh; and the other that part to him that (hall difeover the fame; to be impofed and levied m fuch manner, as the penalties in this aft impofed m every conftable or furveyor of the highways for refufing or neg> lefting to put in execution the feveral acts of parliament jfet hi force, for or touching the repairing, amending or enlarging of fuch highways, are direftedand appointed.

Mending the VIII. And it is further ena&ed by the authority afore&d, highway*. That in fuch places where there is no use of carts and teams fa the amendment of highways, but the ufage and practice is to carry (tones, gravel, earth or other materials for fuch amendment, upon the backs of horfes, or by any other kinds of carriages j That in all fuch places the inhabitants ufing any fuch horfes or other carriages, fhall fend in fuch their horfes as are accuftomed to that kind of labour, and fuch their other carriages, with able persons to work with the fame, in like manner, and under the like directions, forfeitures and penalties, as by any former statute for repairing of highways is appointed for carts and teams.

Defaulter* * IX. Provided alfo, and it is further enafted by the authority therein, their aforefaid, That if any person or persons fhall fail or make de-punifliment. faUjt  t^e|r  refpeftjVe days labour in every year for and

towards the repairing of the highways, or negleft to fend their refpeftive carriages, horfes and carts, according as by law they are refpeftively required ; it fhall and may be lawrol for the furveyor or furveyors of every parifh, and they are hereby required to make complaint thereof to the next juftices of the peace, who are hereby authorized and required, upon proof of any fuch default or negleft made before them by the oath of one credible witnefs, (which oath they are hereby impowered to adminifler) to levy by diftrefs and fale of the goods of every person failing or neglefting as aforefaid, (and not having a reafonable excufe to be allowed by the said juftices) the feveral penalties hereafter mentioned (rendring the overplus, reafonable charges of diftraining being firlt deduced) that is to fay, (2) for every day labourer failing or neglefting as is aforefaid, one milling and fix pence $ and for every man and horfe that fhall make default, three fhillings; and for every cart with two men, ten „ (hillings, for every refpeftive day wherein they fhall make default ; which refpeftive penalties fo levied, lhall te employed for and towards the repairing of the highways in every refpec-tive place and parifh.

X.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, When to be That where the juftices of the peace of any county, city, or ^rin*°theC~ ot^er placc> or the major part of them, at their general quarter-jrighways. feftions, (hall be fully fatisfied, that the common highways, JEXB.  caufcys  or  bridges  within  any  parifh,  tqwnfhip  or  hamlet with-

~  .  *  ‘in

670.] Anno tdcefimo secundo Carol! II. c.12.  327

n their refpeCtive jurifttiCiion, may not or will not be fufficient-f amended, repaired and fupported, by means of the laws now n force, without the help of this prelent aft, in all fuch cafes nc or more afleflment or afleflments upon all and every the ihabitants, owners and occupiers of lands, houfes, tenements nd hereditaments, or any perfonal eftate ufually ratable to the oor, within any fuch parilh, townlhip or hamlet, (hall be nade, levied, collected and allowed by fuch person and per-ons, and in fuch manner, as the said juftices by their order at ach feflions (hall direCt and appoint in that behalf: (2) and the noney thereby raifed lhall be employed and accounted for ac-ording to the order and directions of the said juftices, for and owards the amending, repairing and fupporting fuch highways, aufeys and bridges, from time to time as need (hall require ;

3) and the laid afleflment or afleflments lhall be levied by dif-refs and fale of the goods of every person fo affeffed (not paying he fame within ten days after demand) rendring the overplus >f the value of the goods fo diftrained, to the owner and owners hereof, the neceflary charges of making and felling fuch diftrefg >eing fell deducted.

XL Provided neverthelefs, and be it enaCted* That no fuch six pence in ifleflinent or afleflments to be made in any one year, lhall ex- the pound, reed the rate of fix pence in the pound, of the yearly value of my lands, houfes, tenements and hereditaments fo affefled, nor the rate of fix pence for twenty pounds in perfonal eftate; and that no fuch afleflment be made or levied from and after the five and twentieth day of March in the year one thoufand fix hundred feventy and three.

XII.  And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. Surveyor! of That from and after the nine and twentieth day of September the highways, next, in every parilh within the kingdom of England, dominion "J1®?to ** of Wales ^ ana town of Berwick upon Tweedy the furveyors and c 0 cn* orderers of the work for amendment of the highways within their refpeCtive parilhes, lhall be yearly chofen and nominated by fuch persons as by an act made in the fecond and third years of King Philip and Queen Mary is appointed, upon fome day » & 3 p. & M. in the feme week that the feaft of the birth of our Lord, com- c. s. monly called Chri/lmas^day, lhall be: (2) which persons fo no- 13 & HCar-a* minated and chofen, lhall take upon them the said office, and c*6* * ** lhall appoint fix days for the providing Hones, gravel and other materials for the amendment of and for working in the highways, having refpeCt to the feafon of the year and the weather, ana giving notice publickly fome convenient time before the feveral days; at which days all persons liable to the said work lhall attend and work accordingly. (3) And the said furveyors and orderers lhall make return of the defaulters, and every of them, within one month after every default made, to fome neighbouring juftice of the peace of the feme county ; and the said juftice lhall prefent the fame at the quarter-feflions of the peace held next after fuch return made unto him: (4) and the offenders agaiqft this aCt, in all cafes not particularly directed in this aCt,

Y*  m

328  Anno yicefimo secundo Caroli II. c.12.  [>670.1

(hall rcfpcdlivdy incur the fame forfeiture, pains and penalties, inflicted and appointed by the laws and flatutes of this kingdom now in force, for the amending of the highways, as fully as if they had been particularly mentioned and impofed in and by thi6 adt.

XIII.  And whereas in the counties of Chefter and Lancaftc? there are many and fundry great and deep riverr, which run crofs and through the common and pubUck highways and roads within the Cad counties 1 which many times cannot be paffed over without bazar* end lofs of the lives and goods of the inhabitants and travellers within tic said counties, for want of convenient, good and fufficicnt bridges * the /aid highways and roads; to build and erett which there is no lav now in force; (2)therefore be it further ena&ed by the au-

Bridjres to be thority aforefaid, That for ten years next following, and no built m Che- longer, the refpedtive juftices of peace within the laid refpe&re caddi^widik* count‘cs upon the prefentment of the grand jury at their ten yean! refpedtive general quart er-feffions, have power and authority by order or warrant under the hands and feats of all or the major part of the said juftices, being fix at lead then prefent, to caufe to be eredted and builded any new bridge or bridges, in fuch place or places in any of the £ud highways, over any of die said rivers within their refpedtive jurifdidtions, as they (hail judge fit and necefiary, and fo declare by fuch order as afore-laid, and likewife to repair or rebuild niph other bridges as were demolilhed in the late war5 Qj) and by their said order to charge, either their whole refpedtive counties, or any hundred or hundreds within their said refpedtive counties, with the erecting and building any fuch bridge or bridges, and from time to time (as need (hall require) with the repairing and amending of all or any of the said bridges ; which fhall be afiefled, levied and gathered in fuch fort, manner and form, as the monies for repairing of bridges now in being are ufed to be afiefled, levied and gathered by virtue of the late statute in the two and twen-H. s. c. 5. tierh year of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, in that cafe made and provided.

XIV.  Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority >lonmouth. aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for any fix or more

juftices of peace of the county of Monmouth, whereof two to be of the quorum, at their general feffions of the peace to be hdd for that county, at any time hereafter during tenyears, and no longer, to ipipofe apd levy any sum or sums of money upon U»k and Bafa- the said county, for the repairing and amending of UJk and tegg-bridges. Bafalegg bridges, which are fituated upon great rivers, and lie on very publick roads of that county, fo as the fums fo impofed as aforefaid exceed not ip the whole in any one year the fum of forty pounds, which impofition fo laid fhall be levied and accounted for by the fame way and manner, as the other rates taifed for bridges, formerly fettled by adt of parliament for that fpunty, are made and provided.

PAp.

5 79-3  Anno vicefimo secundo Caroli II. c.13.  329

CAP. XIII.

^in alt for improvement of tillage and the breed of cattle.

FO R the further encouragement of tillage for the common good and welfare of this kingdom, be it ena&ed by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-rent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame,

"That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and feven-ty, and from thenceforward, it (hall be lawful for all and every person or perfons, native or foreigner, at any time or times, to fhip, lade, carry and tranfport as merchandize, all forts of com Com and and grain, although the prices thereof (hall exceed the rates fet grain may be down in one a<ft of this prefent parliament made in the fifteenth  at

y$ar of his Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for the encourage- ^ Car.a!!c?X merit of trade; the said a<5t, or any other law, ftatute, ufage, or Other prohibition, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-ftanding ; paying for Jhe fame fuch rates as are to be paid when the fame might have been tranfported by one a<ft of this prefent parliament, intituled, Afubfidy granted to the King of tonnage and11 ******• c*4’ poundage, and none other. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That when the prices of com and grain, at the times, havens and places, when and where the said com or grain (hall be imported into this kingdom, exceed not the i^tes hereafter following, there (hall be anfwered and paid for the cuftom and poundage thereof thefe rates : That is to fay, for every quarter of wheat, when the fame (hall not exceed the price ot three and fifty (hillings and four pence the quarter, 1 J*c' *\ there (hall be paid for the cuftom and poundage thereof the fum C^t^befetSed of fixteen (hillings; and when the fame (hall exceed the fum of by juflicesqf three and fifty (hillings and four pence the quarter, and yet not peace* above four pounds the quarter. That then there (hall be anfwered and paid for the cuftom and poundage of every quarter of wheat the fum of eight (hillings; (4.) for every quarter of rye, when the fame doth not exceed the price of forty (hillings the quarter, there (hall be anfwered and paid for the cuftom and poundage thereof the fum of fixteen (hillings the quarter; (5) for every quarter of barley or malt, when the fame doth not ce^d the price of two ana thirty (hillings the quarter, there (hall be anfwered and paid for the cuftom and poundage thereof the fum of fixteen (hillings the quarter; (6) for every quarter of farther prowl-buck-wheat, when the fame doth not exceed the price of two and /ms relJtwg thirty (hilljngs the quarter, there (hall be anfwered and paid for hereto,» Geo. the cuftom and poundage thereof the fum of fixteen (hillings *• c,,8» the quarter; (7) for every quarter of oats, when the fame doth not exceed the fum of fixteen (hillings the quarter, there (hall be anfwered and paid for the cuftom and poundage thereof the (urn of five (hillings and four pence the quarter 5 (8) for every quarter of peafe or beans, when th? fame doth not exceed the * ‘    fuin

French or pearl barley.

Encouragement for breeding and feeding of cattle.

is Car.*. c. 4.

Butter and cheefe.

Ox or fleer.

Cows or heifers.

Swine or hogs.

Anno vicefimo secundo Caroli II. c.13.  £1670.

fum of forty (hillings the quarter, there (hall be anfwered and paid for the cuftom and poundage thereof, the fum of fixteea (hillings the quarter$ each quarter to contain eight tmlhds, and each bu(hel to contain eight gallons, and no more.

II.  But when the prices of the feveral forts of com or grain above mentioned (hall exceed the refpcftive rates aforefaid, at the times and places of importation; that then and in every fach cafe there be anfwered and paid for the fame the dudes payable in fuch cafe before the making of this aft.

III.  And for the further encouragement of French or pearl barley in this kingdom. That there (hall be paid for the cuftom of every hundred weight of French or pearl barley the fum of five (hillings.

IV.  And for the further encouragement of breeding and feeding of cattle of all forts; £2) be it enafted by the authority a-forefaid. That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June^ which (hall be in the year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred and feventy, and from thence forward, it (hall be lawful for every person or perfons, native or foreigner, at any time or times to (hip, lade and tranfport, by way of merchandize, thefe forts of goods following, That is to lay, beef, pork, bacon, butter, dieefe and canales, though the fame do exceed in price at the ports from whence they are laden, and at the time of their lading, the prices fet down and limited in the aforefaid aft of this prefent parliament, intituled, A fubftdy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage; the said aft, or any other law, fta-tute, ufage or other prohibition, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding; paying for the fame the refpeftive rates appointed by the said aft, and no more.

V.  Except, and always provided. That for the cuftom and poundage of every barrel of butter, there (hall be paid one (hilling, and for every hundred weight of cheefe, four pence, and no more; the aforefaid aft of tonnage and poundage, or any other law or ftatute, to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.  And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix nun-dred feventy and one, there (hall be paid for every ox or fteer that (hall be tranfported into the parts beyond the seas by any person or perfons, native or foreigner, the fum of twelve pence, and no more j the aforefaid aft of tonnage and poundage, or any other law, ftatute, ufage or other prohibition to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VII.  And it is nereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June in the year aforefaid, it (hall be lawful for any person or perfons, native or foreigner, to (hip, lade or tranfport cows or heifers, paying for each cow or heifer the fum of twelve pence and no more, and alfo to (hip, lade or tranfport all forts of Twine or hogs, paying for each fwine or hog two penqe and no more ;

any

%

 L.ooQle

S 70.] Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio CAftoti II. c.14  331

my flatute, law, ufage or other prohibition, to the contrary Hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.  And for the further encouragement of the breed of Horfes and lorfes, be it ena'<5ted by the authority aforefaid, That from and mares maybe Lfter the twenty-fourth day of June in the year of our Lord tranfported. 3ne thoufand fix hundred and feventy, and from thence forward, t fhall be lawful for any person of perfons, native or foreigner, at any time or times to (hip, lade and tratifport, by way 6f merchandize, horfes or mares into any parts beyond the leas in a-mity with his Majesty, paying for each horle or mare the fum of five (hillings, and for each gelding the lum of five fhrlKngs and no more; the aforefaid a§ of tonnage and poundage, of X1car. 1.0.4. any other law, ftatute, ufage Or any other prohibition, to the contrary hereof in any Wife norwithftanding. Continued by 2 Will, fcf Mar. ft. 1. c. 4. / 3. 1 Attn, ft. 1. c. 13. / 2. 9 Ann. c. 6. ft 2. 3 Geo. 1. c. 7.

jinno Regni Caroli II. Regis jinglia, ,

Francia, & Hibernia* vicefimo fecundo  vice-

fimo tertio.

AT the 'parliament begun at Weftminfter eighth day Keb]e

of^Avf Anno Dom. one thoufand fix hundred fixty- have It Held one,  in the thirteenth year of the reign of our moji gracious

Sovereign lord Charles, by the grace of , of England,

Scotland, France and Ireland, King, defender of the faiths 6 Mar. 1670. &c. and by feveral prorogations and adjournments *lCari *• fourteenth day if February 22 Car. 2. and from thence until the twenty-fecond day of April anno 23 Car. 2. continued.

CAP. I.

/

An act to prevent malicious maiming and wounding.

WHEREAS upon the one and twentieth day of December in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and feventy, a Violent and inhuman attempt was made upon the person of Sir John Coventry knight of the honourable order of the Bath, being a member ~ of the commons house of parliament, and then attending the parliament, and upon the person of his fervant William Wylkes, by a confider-able number of armed men, both on foot and horfeback, whereby the said Sir John Coventry and his said fervant then loft feveral goods* and the said Sir John Coventry received divers wounds, fome of which were given him in fuch barbarous manner, that fome of the offenders held him fyhilft others wounded him,

II. And whereas by feveral bills of indictment found by the grand • jury for the city and liberty of Weftminfter where the said facts tyre committed, Sir Thomas Sandy's fat, Charles Qbrian, efq\

“  1  ‘  Simotj

*

332  Anno ricefimo secundo Sc terrio Carom II. C.r.

Sir Thomas Sandys, See. not rendring themfelves, dhall be perpetually ba-nilhed.

Adjournment of the gaol-delivery for Mhldlefex.

Simon Parry and Miles Reeves, amongjl others, Jland indi&ed j felony and robbery for the fame, but have fled from juflice, not darin to abide a legal trial: (2) Be it therefore ena&ed by the King'l mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confem < the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and of the commons, aflen bled in parliament, and by the authority of the fame. That i the said Sir Thomas Sandys, Charles Obrian, Simon Parry Miles Reeves, (hall not render themfelves to the lord chief juf of his Majedy’s court of King’s bench, or to fome other of the juftices 01 the said court, on or before the tenth day of Mari in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and feventy, in order to their trials for the fa As aforefaid 5 that then fuch d them the said Sir Thomas Sandys, Charles Obrian^ Simon Parry and Miles Reeves9 as (hall not fo render himfelf as aforefaid, (hall and do fuffer perpetual exile, and be for ever bani(hed this realm and all other his Majesty’s dominions.

III. And be it enafted, That the gaol-delivery for the county of Middlefex and the city of London, which is intended to be holden the two and twentieth day of February one thoufand fix hundred and feventy, (hall be aqjourned till the said tenth day

Sir Thomas Sandys, Sec. not rendring themfelves, See. (hall be adjudged felons.

of Marcby and the judices of the said gaol-delivery, or any two of them, are hereby authorized and required to adjourn the fame accordingly $ and that no trials (hall be there proceeded upon before the tenth day of March aforefaid.

IV.  And if the laid Sir Thomas Sandysy Charles Obion* Simon Parry and Miles ReeveSy or any of them, (hall not render themfelves as aforefaid, and (hall at any time return into or be found in England or any other his Majesty’s dominions, after the laid tenth day of March; then fuch of them the (aid Sir Thoms Sandysy Charles Obian9 Simon Parry and Miles Reeves, as Hull not render himfelf, and yet return or be found as aforelaid, (hall from the said one and twentieth day of December in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and feventy, be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of the said felonies and robberies, and (hall by virtue of this alt be adjudged to be convifted and attainted of felony and robbery, without any benefit of clergy, to all intents and purpofes, as if they had been thereof convidted and attainted by due trial and judgment of law, and (hall fuffer fuch pains, penalties and forfeitures, as by law are to be inflicted upon felons attaint, not having benefit of clergy.

V.  And be it further enadtea by the authority aforefaid. That by aft of par- neither the said Sir Thomas Sandys > Charles Obrtany Simon Parryy Jiameni. Miles ReeveSy nor any who upon the attempt aforefaid adtually

took away any goods from the persons of Sir John Coventry or his said fervant, or actually gave any blow or wound to the said Sir John Coventry or his said fervant, or held or kept down the said Sir John Coventry or his said fervant, while they the said Sir John Coventry and his said fervant, or either of them were

No pardon but

robbed, beaten or wounded, nor any who commanded the party, either of horfemcn or footmen, in executing the aforefaid vil-

lainous and barbarous attempt, lhall be pardoned any of the

offei.cfs

1670.] Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio CaRoli II. C.il 333

offences in this a ft mentioned, but are made incapable of any pardon for the fame from the King’s majefty, his heirs and fuc-weflbrs, unlefs by aft of parliament, wherein fuch person or persons (hall be particularly named.

VI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid*A P^don That if any the said offenders, other than the said Sir Thomas fj^that was7 Sandyf, Charles Obrian^ Simon Parry and Miles Reeves, and fuch guilty of the as did actually rob, ftrikc or wound the said Sir John Coventry ta&, and will or his said fervant, or held or kept them or any of them down, makc a difc°-till they or either of them were robbed, beaten or wounded as othwbdSe aforefaid, and other than fuch as commanded any party in the those roen-faid attempt, (hall before the eighth day of March in the year tioned in the of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and feventy voluntarily a6k* render him or themfelves to the lord chief juftice of the said court of King’s bench, or to fome other of the juftices of the said court, and acknowledge his said offences, and declare his whole knowledge of the fafts aforefaid and of the persons a fling therein, and (hall difcover to the lord chief juftice or other  ,

juftices as aforefaid fome of the persons who wounded or held, robbed or (truck as aforefaid, Sir John Coventry or his fervant, or commanded as aforefaid, and (hall give fuch fecurity as the (aid chief juftice or other the said juftice before whom fuch render (hall be made as aforefaid (hall think reafonable, to give evidence if lawfully required, against the offenders by this aft made incapable of pardon; fo that the said lord chief juftice, or fuch other juftice of the said court to whom fuch render (hall be made as aforefaid, (hall be fatisfied, that he or they fo ren-dring him or themfelves have declared the truth according to the bed of their knowledge, and obtain a certificate from the said refpeftive chief juftice or juftice before whom fuch render was made to that effeft, under the hand and feal of the said chief juftice or juftice ; he and they fo rendring him or themfelves, and declaring as aforefaid, mall by the authority aforefaid be pardoned the said affaults, felonies and robberies, and immediately from and after the obtaining fuch certificate as a-forefaid, he and they fo rendring him and themfelves and declaring as aforefaid, (hall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be hereby to all intents and purpofes pardoned, acquitted and dif-charged from the said crimes and felonies, and from all further profecutions and imprifonments, indiftments, conviftions, attainders, pains, penalties or forfeitures that may accrue for the fame.

VII.  And for prevention of the like mifehiefs for the time Malicious to come, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That maiming if any person or perfons, from and after the four and twentieth Re^cv#ecote day of June which (hall be in the year of our Lord God one apUti B\iry. thoufand fix hundred feventy and one, on purpofe and of ma- % Geo. i. lice-forethought, and by lying in wait, (hall unlawfully cut out or difable the tongue, put out an eye, (lit the nofe, cut off a nofe or lip, or cut off or difable any limb or member of any fubjeft of his Majesty, with intention in fo doing to maim or disfigure in

any

•V MHH

334 Anno vicoCmo fccundo&tertioCAROti II. c.2—<4. ^pc

Forfeitures.

Seflion of parliament not determined.

any the manners before mentioned fuch his Majesty’s fubjed; that then and in every fuch cafe the person or perfpns fo ofitend in£, their counfellors, aiders and abettors, (knowing of, and privy to the offence as aforefaid) (hall be and are hereby declared to be felons, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

VIII.  Provided, That no attainder of fuch felony (hall extend to corrupt the blood, or forfeit the dower of the wife, or the lands, goods or chattels of the offender.

IX.  Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enadted, That his Majesty’s royal allent to this bill (hall not determine this feffion of parliament.

CAP. II.

An act for continuance of a former aft, intituled, An act to prevent delays in extending ftatutes, judgments and recognizances.

WHEREAS one aft of parliament made in a late feffion sf this prefent parliament held in the fixteenth and feventeenth years of the reign of our fivereign lord the King that now is9 inti-tuledy An a<ft to prevent delays in extending ftatutes, judgments and recognizances, to continue in force for three years, and to tie v  end of the next fejjton of parliament after the find three years, and ns

longer: Now forafmuch as it appears that the said law is beneficial to 16 & 17 Car. the people of this realm; (2) be it enabled by the King’s moft ex-». c. 5. cellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the Made perpe- said aft (hall remain and be perpetual from the end of the hft ttt*k  feffion  of parliament.

CAP. HI.

An act for granting a fubfidy to his Majesty, for fupply of his extraordinary occafions.

CAP. IV.

An act for continuance of a former aft9 to prevent arrefis of judgments9 and fuperfeding executions.

WHEREAS an act of parliament was made in the fixteenth and feventeenth years of the reign of our /overeign lord tie C King*5 oiajefiy that now is9 intituled^ An a<ft to prevent arrefis of a? c. V. Car judgments, and fuperfeding executions, to continue in force fer three years9 and to the end of the next feffion of parliament after tbt expiration of the feud three years, and no longer; now forafmuch os it hath fince by experience appeared9 That the fatpe is a good I r  wholfome  law9  and very beneficial to the people of this realm; (2)

• be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with J the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, aod commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the said aft (hall remain, continue and be perpetual from the end of the last feffion of parliament.

CAP.

 v^.ooQle

335

1670.3  Anno viccfimo fecundofe tertio Caroli II. c.5.

CAP. V.

An act for an additional excife upon beer, ale and other

liquors.

THE commons affembled in parliament, as an aid to your mojl excellent Majejly* whofe weighty and urgent affairs require an extraordinary fupply towards the difcharging of your Majejiy’s great debts** have given and granted, and do hereby give and grant, , unto your moft excellent Majesty, the fevend additional rates and duties of excife herein after mentioned, and do moft humbly befeech your Majesty, That it may be enacted; (2) and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the four and twentieth The addition-day of June which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand al duty to fix hundred and feventy-one, there (hall be throughout your commence the Majesty’s kingdom of England, dominion of Wales* and town of of Berwick upon Tweed, raifed, levied, collected and paid unto 1 7I-your Majesty, your heirs and fucceflors, during the (pace and term of fix years, from the four and twentieth day of June afore- To continue laid, and no longer, for beer, ale, cyder and other liquors here-in after exprefied, by way of excife, over and aboye all other du- a4°™0fJune ties, charges and impofitions, by any former adt or ads fet and 1671. impofed, and in manner and form following, (that is to fay).

l

ix d.

(3)  For every barrel of beer or ale of above fix (hillipes the

barrel, brewed by the common brewer, or any other perlon or persons who do or (hall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or privately, to be paid by the said common brewer, or by luch other person or persons refpeCtively pis aforefaid, and fo proportion ably for a greater or letter quantity, nine pence. -----------

(4)  For every barrel of beer or ale of fix (hillings the barrel, ory

under, brewed by the common* brewer, or any other person or I persons who doth or (hall fell or tap out beer or afe publickly or pri-f  j

vately, to be paid by the (aid common brewer, or by fuch other C m ' person or perions refpeCtively as aforefaid, andfo proportionately I

tor a greater or lefler quantity, three pence --------------------   J

(5)  For all cyder ana perry made and fold by retail, upon e- -j

very hogihead, to be paid by the retailer thereof, and fopropor- f • • ••« tionably for a greater or letter meafure, one (hilling and three f s* ua* Jpence.  -----------■  — --------------------------—  — —  *

The rates.

Tbefe duties are expired* but the fulfequent parts of the aQ art in force.

(6) For all metheglin or mead fold, whether by retail or other j wile, to be paid by the maker thereof, for every gallon, one > Ob.

(7^Vo/ every barrel of beer, commonly cajied vinegar-beer,  ’

brewed or made to be fold, fix pence — --------------   —• vid.

(8)  For every gallon of ftrong-water or aqua-vitae, made and

fold, to be paia by the maker thereof, one peny---------------i  d.

(9)  For every barrel of beer or ale imported from beyond the j

ieas, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, to > ins, be paid by the importers before landing, three (hillings. -----*

(10)  For every ton of cyder or perry imported from beyond j

the feas, and fo proportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, to > iv 1. be paid by the importer before landing, four pounds. ----------*

(n) Far every gallon of low-wines ot the first extraction, made y of fny kind of imported wine or cyder, or other materials im- > iid,

portea, to be paid by the maker or (cller, two pence.     *

(it) For

336  Anno viccfimo fecurido & tertio Caroli It. C.$.  [1670.

tTbefe duties (n) For every gallon of coffee made and ibid, to be paid by the

upon coffee. See. makers thereof, two pence. — ——— ———  ................fid.

(il)  For every gallon of chocolate, (herbet and tea, made and ^ fold, to be paid by the makers thereof, eight pence —  -■  vm  d.

For theincreafe of thefe duties, &c. fee thenote on uCar.s. c. aj. f. 1.

II. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the common brewers and retailers of ale and beer, and all and every other person and perfons, liable to, and chargeable with, the payment of any excife, or new impoft upon beer or ale, or other excifeable liquors, by virtue of any former law of excife now in force, (hall alfo be liable to, and charged with, the payment of the additional rates and duties hereby impofed; which said additional rates and duties (hall be colle&ed, levied and paid in the fame manner; (2) and the persons liable to and chargeable with the payment thereof (hall in cafe of negledt or default of entry or payment, or in cafe of any other negled or fubjeCt to the offence tending to defraud his Majesty, or any of his officers, fame penalties farmers or collectors of the duties or rates hereby impofed, be tures as for  to  the like proceedings, judgments and executions,

offences com- and (hall likewife incur the fame penalties, fines.and forfeitures, mitted against as he or they, his or their heirs, executors or adminiftrators, any law of ex- (hould or might have been fubjeCt to, or ought to have incur* c“e#  red, for the non-payment of any former duty of excife, or for

the like offence committed against any former law of excife now in force.

The allow- III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enaCted, brewer°for That nothing in this ad contained (hall be underftood to give wafte, to be no any common brewer or retailer, or other person liable to and other’than chargeable with the payment of excife, by virtue of any former what are given Jaw n0w in force, any further or other allowances for wafteby by^thc former £jjjng or leakage, than by the said former laws are given ; any thing in this prefent a<ft contained to the contrary notwithftand-ing: Which said allowances are hereby declared to be three bar* rels in every three and twenty barrels of beer returned by the gauger, whether ftrong or (mall; and two barrels in every two and twenty barrels of ale returned by the gauger, whether ftrong or fmall; and fo after that rate, and no more, for a great* er or leffer quantity, and are in full compenfation for all fuch waftes or other Ioffes or damages whatsoever \ any repetition of the said allowances in feveral aCts to the contrary notwith-ftatiding.

The commif- IV. Provided alfo, That it (hall and may be lawful to and fioners,Tub- for the commiflioners and fub-commiflioners of excife refpec-^Tarr^rs ^ t*vcty within their divifion, and to and for the feveral and re-may com- fpedtive farmers of excife within the limits of their feveral and pound for this refpedtive farms, to compound for thefe new duties with all and duty.  every  perfon and persons who by brewing his or their beer and

ale contrary to the form of this statute (hall be liable to pay the new duties herein before impofed, and that from time to time, and in fuch manner and form, as may be moil for the advantage

are repealed by 1 W. Sc M. ftat. 2. c. 6.

Perfons chargeable by any former law, likewife liable to pay thefe additional rates. Defaults of entries or payments and other neglects or offences, to be

0. 3, Ann6 vicefimo secundo & tcrdo CAROLl II. C.5.  337

and improvement of the receipts thereof; any thing here-eforc contained to the cohtnury notwithftanding.

And* be it farther enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Forfeitures, it all forfeitures and offences made and committed against offences and a£ty or any claufe, article or fentence herein contained, apf**1?* all appeals, (hall be heard, adjudged and determined by as i*appoimed i person and perfons, and in fuch manner and form, as by farmer like forfeitures and offences against the former laws of ex- laws, are thereby appointed to be heard and determined, and not trwife.

1.  And moreover. That all commiftioners and fub-cotnmif-ers of excife, all commiftioners of appeals, juftices of peace,

(tables and all other officers and minifters whatfoever, (hall e, nfe and exercise the fame jurifdiCtion, power and au-rity, whether it be judicial or minifterial, for the better or-ing, collecting, levying and fecuring the new duties and the itional rates and duties hereby impofed, as he or they ild havfe had, ufed or exercifed, for the better ordering, leCting, levying or fecuring any former rates or duties of ex-

: whatfoever.

/II. And it is further declared and enaCted, That all fines,

\alties and forfeitures, which (hall be incurred by reafon divided, one* any offence committed against this aCt, (hall be imploy- moiety to his , one moiety thereof to the use of the King’s majefty, his Majesty, irs and fucceflors, another moiety thereof to him or them u-!L^cfr it (hall or will inform or fue for the lame.  fuefor the

VIII.  Provided neverthelefs, That it (hall and may be law- fame, to and for the juftices of peace, commiftioners of excife or The juftices of y two of them, or their fub-commiffioners refpeCtively, from the peace, ne to time, where they lhall fee caufe, to mitigate, compound commiflion-leflen any fine, forfeiture or penalty, which (hall be incur-i by rcalon of any offence committed against this aCt, or fines, &c. ainft any other act of excife now in force, as they in their where they fee foretions (hall think fit; and that every fuch mitigation and caufe^fo as the yment thereupon made, lhall be a fufficient difeharge of madel^thsn nalties and forfeitures to the persons fo offending, fo as by double the ch mitigation the fame be not made lefs than double the va- duty beftdes e of the duty of excife, which Ihould or ought to have been cofts« lid, befides tne reafonable cofts and charges of fuch officer or [ficers, or others as were imployed therein, to be allowed un-> them by the said juftices or commiftioners ; any thing in this $ contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.  And for the better levying and collecting the duties of Foreign im-xcife upon all fuch foreign and imported liquors for which ex- ported excife^ ife ought to be paid; (2) it is further enaCted by the au-able liouors hority aforefaid. That no fach foreign or imported liquors entr”* hall oe landed or put on (hore before due entry be first made and the hereof with the officer or collector appointed for the excife, duty paid * n the port or place where the fame lhall be imported, or be- warrants from ore the duty of excife due and payable for the fame (hall be cuftonw :ully fatisfied and paid : And that every warrant from any officer fQr delivering VOL. VIII.  Z  or  fuch foreign

Anno vicefimo fecuado & tmio Ca&olI II. c*$. Jrfjo,

liquors, to be or officers of the caftans, for the landing or deli wring of f'gn'd ^ the fuch foreign liquors, fall be figncd by the&nd of tbe said od&og wdfe r °f ^ °°Ue£tor of the exdfe In die fata pact or phoe iefpeflml)j Liquors deli- (3) upon pain, that all fuch foreign liquors as ihafl be landed a vered contra- put on ihore, or delivered contrary to the true intent and mean ty to the in- |ng of this aft, or the value thereof fhall be forfeited and fed,

££&&£ “e "“ify thjreof‘o..,*,e

him or them who (hall or will fern, Nuorm or fue for the ut, to be recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof.

X.  And for the better prevention ot fuch frauds as are Aik piadifed to defeat his Maicfty of the duties of exche wtuck ought to be paid for ale and beer ; (2) it is further enaded fey the authority afbrefaid, That if any per Ion or persons inhabicag Perfons inha- m anY market-town, or in any city or town corporate, or pare biting in a -adjoining to any city or town corporate, where there is or fiuG m£rkct*t°wn. be a common brew-houfe, having and lawfully ufing any pb-a common6 ** vatc brewing-veflels, for the brewing and making of beer or ak, brew-houfe, to be fpent and confumed in bis or their private families, Aral may not lend permit and fuffer any beer, ale or worts to be brewed there c thcir.pri^te thcir refpedive houfes, out-houfes, or other place thereumo adjoining, other than for their refpedive families, fervants, ia-aay ale, beer, bourers, or to other persons by way of charity, hofpitality <r or worn to be free-gift, or (hall lend out any of their bicwing-veflels, other brewed there- than which are moveable and unfixt, to be made use of by my fer toown11 ot*lcr P0^00 or P®rf°ns» not being of his or their family, far the families. n brewing of beer or ale for the use of any other person or periods, Unlefs upon then fuch person or persons fhall forfeit for every fuch offence penalty of 50L the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by bill, plaint or other for lending a- information in any court of record; (3) and the profecution of vefteb in any ^ucb adion to begin withinTix months after the fad committed, fuch places/ and to be tried within the county where the said offence is con-unlefs fuch as mitted, and not elfewhere, wherein no effoin, prote&ion or ar^m®^>lc wager in law to be allowed : (4) and one moiety of fuch for-an unnxu fojture to be to the King’s moft excellent maiefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to him or them that (hah inform and fue for the fame.

For avoiding XI. And for the avoiding of frauds and deceits by reafoa of frauds bv mix- brewing of beer, ale, or worts of an extraordinary ftrength, wad »(rh2rlnbcer afterwards mixing the feme with finall beer, ale or worts, after after the the gauge thereof taken; (a) be it further enacted by the audio-gauge taken, rity aforefaid, That no retailer of beer, or ale, (hall after tbe receipt thereof from the common brewer, mix any beer, ale or worts of extraordinary ftrength, with any small beer, ale or worts, in any veflel or tub containing three gallons or more, D hi he uP°n pain to forfeit for every barrel fo mixt, double the duty of duty to he for- excite 6>r ftrong beer or ale, and fo proportionably for any felted for eve- greater quantity, to be heard, adjudged and determined before ry barrel fo the juftices of the peace and commiuioners refpcdively, as is imxt by tbe jone jn other cafes before them upon breach of the laws of ex-9 cr* cife, and all forfeitures for the feme (hall be levied, recovered and difpofed, as by-thofe laws are direded and appointed : (3)

and

t ^7<).J Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. c.6.  339

ind the said juftices and commiflioners refpebtively, are hereby Perfons refur rrrpowered and. authorized to' fiunmon evidence for difcovery liereof, other than the party or parties accufed; and upon refu- CQve^there-al or neglebt of any person fo fummoned to give evidence when of, to be fined* and they (hall lie thereilhto required, every fuch person fo refuting (hall forfeit and lofe for every fuch offence, any fum of money not exceeding forty (hillings, to be impofed and levied, recovered and difpofcd, as other penalties against the said laws for the better collecting and recovering the duty of cxcife.

XII.  And provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That no Retailers not iim-keeper, victualler or other retailer of beer or ale, fhall at to be mdefted any time hereafter, during the continuance of this aCt, he

rued, impleaded or molefted, by any indictment, information i^g aic or beer or popular aCtion, or otherwife, for felling or uttering any beer at higher or ale at any other or higher prices than the prices heretofore prices than limited and appointed; any thing in this act or any other law heretofore ap-or statute to the contrary notwithftanding.  pomte .

XIII.  Provided always, and be it enabled. That if any per* fon or persons (hall at any time be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done in purfuance or execution of this a<5t, he or they fhall and may plead the general iffae, and give this abt in evidence for their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict fhall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plain* tiff or plaintiffs be nonfuited, then every fuch defendant or de~ fendants (hall recover his and their double cods.

XIV.  Provided alio, and be it enabled, that no writ or writs of Certiorari (hall fuperfede execution or other proceedings, up* on any order or orders made by the juftices aforefaid in pur-fuance of this abt, but that execution and other proceedings (hall and may be had and made thereupon, any foch writ or writs or allowance thereof notwithftanding. -

XV.  Provided always, and be it enabled. That the excife of the liquors chargeable and payable by this abt, (hall he re-al-lowed and repayed to the exporter, for fuch part thereof as fhall be exported as merchandize to be fpent beyond the Teas j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVI.  Provided always, and be it enabled. That this abl 2nd all the powers, matters and things therein contained, and eve* ry of them,ftiall begin and commence from the four and twentieth day of June one thoufand fix hundred and feventy-one, and not fooner; any triage or law to the contrary notwithftanding.

No writs of Certiorari to fuperfede execution upon orders of the juftices.

Upon exportation beyond feas, the duty to be repayed*

CAP, VI.

An *61 for revelling the power of granting wine-licences in his Majesty, his heir* and- futxeffors, and for fettling a recompence on his Royal Hign-nefs in lieu thereo£  f

The revenue of wine licences, and the moiety of all forfeitures, veiled in ^Car.i. C.T4. the King. Treed from jointures and provihons for children. A moiety 10 Car. 2. c. of the forfeitures incurred before the twenty fourth of November 1670, 22 Car. 2. c. 3. faved to the dUke. The King's letters patents for granting 140001. per nCar.2. c.14. annum to the doke of York and his heirs males, out of the hereditary ex- 13Car.i.ftat. 1 • rife, in lieu of the wine licences, (hall Hand good in law. Non-recitals or c. 7. mif-recitals in the feme letters patents, laved. No fee to be paid upon i5Car.a. €.14* thfc receipt thereof. If default of payment (hall be made, power given Cue to for it.

Z 2  CAP.

 LjOOQie

340 Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. c.7. [167a

CAP. VII.

An all to prevent the malicious burring of boufes, flacks cj com and bay, and killing or maiming of cattle.

Felony for ml VT THERE AS divers lewd and &il-difpofed persons intending tk ful burning of yV ruin and ifopoverijbment of their fellm Jubjefts, have d*-\ any ricks of Vtfed, ang 0f fag furetly in the night-time, and at ether times wbm fb*nk ttoir deeds are not known, frequently praftifed in fever* in the night- P<trts of this kingdom, unlawful and wicked courfes in burning of rut time.  and Jlacks of hay, corn and grain, defraying of buildings, trees, ad

3  66»  |7*  cutting, maiming, wounding and kilting of horfes, flseep, beafts, ad

| H gc 6. $*ber cattle, in contempt of the laws, and to the infupportable varans 3&4E<L6. c.5. &td damage of many of bis Majeffs good fubjefts :

43 £1. c. 13. II. For prevention whereof, and diicovery of the offenders, *5 Oar. %. c.». be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with 1 Geoit cl’ t*lc  an<*  confcnt  °*  the  lords  fpiritual  and temporal, and

**  **  of the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by

authority of the fame. That where in any part of this kingdom any person or persons after the first day of March in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred and feventy, (hall in the night-time malicioufly, unlawfully, and willingly burn, or caufe to be burnt or deftroyed, any ricks or (lacks of com, hay, or grain, bams, or other houfes or buildings, or kilns, or (hail in the night-time malicioufly, unlawfully, and willingly kill, or defiroy any horfes, flieep, or other cattle, of any perfoa or persons whatfoever; every fuch offence (hall be adjudged felony, and the offenders, and every of them (hall fufrcr as in cafe of felony.

Attainder HI. Provided always, That no attainder for any the offences & all not work made felony by virtue of this ad, (hall make or work any car-corruption of ruption of blood, lots of dower, or difinheritance of heir or blood, See, heirs. '

The party at IV. And be it further enaded and declared. That in cafe any liberty to be person or persons who (hall be convid or attainted of any the ^I^wted offences made felony by virtue of this ad as aforefaid, (to avoid years.**11 judgment of death, or execution thereupon for fuch his offence) (hall make his eledion to be tranfported beyond the seas, to any of his Majesty’s plantations ; That then the juftices of aflize, oyer and terminer, gaol-delivery, or juftices of the peace, before whom fuch offender (lull be convid or attaint by virtue of this ad, and eveiv of them refpedively, (hall caufe judgment to be entered against every fuch offender, that he be tranfported beyond the seas to fome of his Majesty’s plantations, in the said judgment to be particularly mentioned and exprefied, there to remain for the fpace of feven years \ and that in purfuance of the said judgment, the (heriffor (heriffs of the county or city where fuch offender (hall be fo convid or attainted, (hail caufe the (aid Felony tore* offender to be fafely conveyed and embarked to be tranfported turn before the as aforefaid; and if any fuch offender (hall return into this king-fcren years cs- ^0ttl before the expiration of the (aid feven years, he (hall fuffer F *  death

34*

l670-l Anno vicefuno secundo & tertio Caroli II. c.7.

death as a felon, and as if no fuch election to be tranfported had been made by him.

V.  And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid,That Treble dama-if any person or persons (hall in tne night-time malicioufly, un- ft*icLr maim* lawfully, and willingly maim, wound, or otherwife hurt any orftaming horfes, fheep, or other cattle, whereby the fame lhall not be downofinclo-kOIed or utterly deftroyed, or (hall deftroy any plantations of Aires, &c. in trees, or throw down any inclofures, in manner aforeiaid ; That t.hc night-then every fuch offender or offenders (hall lofe and forfeit untotlmc*

the party grieved treble the damage which he or they (hall thereby fuftam; the feme to be recovered by a6tion of trefpafs, or upon the cafe, to be taken at the common law.

VI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That Three or more upon the complaint and requeft of the party or parties injured in juftices of the any fuch manner, any three or more juftices of the peace for P**ce have the county, divifion, city, town corporate, or place where fuch

offence (hall be committed, whereof one to be of the quorum* offence, and lhall and may, and they are thereunto authorized and required punifli the of* by virtue of this aft, to enquire, as well by the oaths of twelve tenders, lawful men or more of the fame county, as by examination of witnefles upon oath, or by any lawful ways or means which to them (hall feem meet,'of and concerning any the offences before incurred, and offenders therein; and in order thereunto, to iffue out warrants, as well for the fujnmoning of jurors, as fpr the apprehending of all fuch perfons, as (hall or may be thereof fulpe&ed, and to take their examination touching the fame ; as alfo to caufe all fuch other persons as to them (hall feem likely to make difeovery thereof, to appear before them* and to give information upon oath, of and concerning theijr knowledge of the premiffes ; fo as no person fo to be examined by the find juftices of the peace, (hall be convi&ed, or in any wife proceeded againft, for or by reafon of any offence concerning which he or they (hall be fo examined as a witnefs, and (hall upon fuch his examination make a true difeovery thereof: (2) and in cafe any person or perfons, who bv the said juftices be thought like-  o

ly to make difeovery as aforeiaid, (hall refufe to appear or to be examined as a witnefs, being duly fummoned by the said juftices A w\tncf9 rfm in purfuance of this aft; it (hall and may be lawful for the said fufing *Q *p-", juftices of the peace to commit the party fo refufing, to the pear, (hall he common eaol for the said county without bail or mainprize, un- committed to til he (hall fubmit to be examined upon oath, of and concern- Pnfon* ing his knowledge touching the fame offence, or the offenders by whom the fame was committed.

VII.  Provided, That no person who (hall be puniihed for Noper(bn4hag

any offence by virtue of this a<ft, (hall be puniihed for the Ame W*  pu~.

offence by virtue of any other aor law whatfoever ; nor (hall  r tbl*

be questioned for the fame, unlefs he be proceeded against within The profecu-fix months after the offence committed.  tion muft be

within Ax

Z3  CAP.mon,h*’

A corporation ofwcavcrs ia Kki^eruiin-ttcr.

j+a Anno vkefimo secundo & ttrtio Carou IL c.8.  [  1670.

CAP. VIII.

An act for the regulating the making of Kkkfcrniinftcr

fluffs.

WHEREAS divers ahufes and deceits have of late years been hci and ufed in the making of fluff,sy called Kiddcrminftcr Jbfffi, •within the borough and parsjh of Kiddcrminfter, in the county f‘ Worcefter, tending to the debafmg of the said manufacture, and g the great prejudice of the publick:

If. For the prevention of which abufes and deceits, may it pleafe your Majesty that it may be ena&ed : (2) and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fphritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authorv ty of the fame, That there (hall be chofen one prefident, few wardens, and eight afliftants, all'which (hall be mafter weavers within the said borough, the first Monday after Pentecojl in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred feventy and one, and from thenceforth yearly and every year on the next Mends} after Pentccojly at Tome publick place, by the mafter weavers d the said borough, or the greater part of them then prefent; (?) and the said prefident, wardens and afliftants refpeftivdy, fhafl within fourteen days after they (hall be fo chofen or doffed, and notice thereof given, take the oath enfuing, to be adminiftrrd by the bailiff, or any one of the juftice? of the peace of the said borough for the time being, or either of them: which t>ath they and every of them are hereby required from time to time to ad-mrnifter accordingly, (viz.)

(4) TAB. do fwear, That I will welly faithfully, and keneffi} X perform and difharge the office of prefident or warden, or affi/lanty mu tat is mutandis, of the trade of clothiers andflujf-weavers within the borough and parijb of Kidderminfter, according to the bef of my jkilly power and knowledge.

III. And if it (hall happen. That the said prefident, or any of the (aid wardens or afliftants chofen-as aforefaid, (hall refufe to take the find oath; or after his or their being fwom as aforefaid, fhsdl die before the end of the year; That then from time to time, fo often as need (hall be, it fhsll and may be lawful to and for the mafter-weavers of the said borough, to choofe on* other prefident, warden or wardens, afliftant or afliftants, in the place of him or them fo dying or refilling, who (hall be fwora in fuch manner as aforefaid.

IV.  And for the regulation and good government of the said trade and manufacture, the said prefident, wardens and afliftants, or any feven or more of them, whereof the prefident mi three or more of the said wardens are to be prefent, (hall aad may from time to time meet and confiik together for the good and benefit of the said trade and manufacture, and for the due execution of the powers and authority given by this aeft, and to make and ordain by-laws, rules and ordinances, for the better

re-

The oath to be taken by them.

On refufal to take the oath, or death, others to be chofen.

A power given them to make by-laws.

 kjOOQle

€x7<x] Anno vicefimo (ecoodo  to CAROW 343-

egdadng of the said trade and manufa&ure, and the artificers >f the fame, and to make Teals from time to time for foaling of be fame fluffs: (2) which by-laws, rules and ordinances being To be con-ratified and confirmed by the juftices of affize for the county of firmed by the T0*b*aJUr for the time being, (ball be pubiiftied at leaft twice in ot he year at two pubbek affemWics for the said trade and man 11- T<Tbe publifh-a£turc, and (hall be obeyed and kept by the artificers of the said ed twice a rade and raanufa&ure, and by the (everal persons ufing the fame year, within and under the foiat regulation. (3) And the said prefident, wardens and affiflants, or any feven or more of them, (hall have md hereby have power to impofe a fine or penalty upon any Power to im« person or persons ufing the find trade, or that (hall be under the pofe fines, regulation thereof, as (hall not conform to fuch rules, orders, by-laws and ordinances fb made and to be made and confirmed as afiorefaid.

V.  Provided, That the (aid fine or penalty upon, any person The fine not for not conforming as aforefold, (hall not exceed the fum of for- to exceed 40*. ty Thillings for any one offence.

VI.  And if any person or persons duly chofen as aforefoid, to The prefident

be prefident or warden, or affiftant, and due notice thereof gi- &c. being cho-ven by the bailiff of the fold borough for tho time being, (hall re-  to^exe-

fofie or negledt to execute the place of prefident, warden or aflift- cute, fhall be ant, or to take the laid oath, according to the purport of this fined.

ad, every fuch person fo refufing or neglecting, mall be fined at

the difcretion or the baififf, or any one of the juftices of the

peace of the find borough for the time being, fo as fiich fine doth

not exceed tho fum of five pounds for any one offence: (2)

which said fine fhall be levied by warrant under the hands and How to be

feals of the said bailiff* and any one juftice of the peace for the levied.

faid borough, on the goods and chattels of the said offender, by

difirefs and Tale, rendring the overplus, if any (hall be, and

fhall be employed and difpofed of tathe use and benefit of the How the fines

poor artificers of the said trade, at the difcretion of the said bailiff* flja,l be era-

and any one juftice of the peace of the said borough.  ployed.

VII.  And for the better regulation of the said trade and ma- Linen-yam to nufechire, and the avoiding of frauds and deceits therein ; (2) be reeled on a be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all linen- reel four yard* yarn reeled, and ufually bought and fold, or eftimated by the lea, jk°ut» “V* . to be hereafter ufed by any of the said artificers and fluff-wea-

vers within the said borough or parifh of Kidderminjiir or liberties thereof, (hall be made without fraud or deceit, and be openly bought and fold in foms publick market-place on the market-day within the said borough, to be appointed by the bailiff of the said borough for the time being; and before the fame be expofed to fale, (hall be reeled on a reel four yards about, every lea of the said yam containing two hundred threads.

VIII.  And ia cafe any person or persons (hall hereafter fell The penalty, or expofe to fale any the yams aforefaid, made or reeled in any

other manner than as aforefaid, it (ha)l and may be lawful to and for the said prefident, wardens and afiiflants, or any two

Z 4  or

.1

344

Anno viccfimo secundo & tertjo Caroli II, c.$, [i 670,

or more of them, to feize, take and carry away all Inch deceitful and defective yams \ (2) which faia yams within twenty How to be  days after fuch feizure, (hall be tried by a Jury of twelve honed

hied.  and ayc artificers of the said trade, who (hall be from time to

time impanelled and fummoned by a precept under the hands and feals of the bailiff and any one juftice of the peace of the said borough, to appear at the Guild-hall of the said borough at a time certain in the said precept foecified, and then and there be fwom by the said bailiff and juftice, to enquire of the defie&s of all yams feized as aforefaid, and to try whether the laid yams be made and reeled according to the true intent and meaning of this a&, and the by-laws and ordinances made by virtue thereof : (3) and if the said jury impanelled and fwom as aforefaid (hall find any of the said yams not nude and reeled according to the intent and meaning of this aft and the by-laws and ordinances made by virtue thereof ; That then the laid bailiff and Fines. juftice of the peace of the (aid borough (hall impofe fuch fine or fines upon the owner or owners of luch defedhve yams, as in their diferetions (hall be thought meet, not exceeding the value of the moiety of fuch defe&ive varns: (4) which said fine or fines, the owners of the said defective yams (hall pay to the said prefident for the time being, (to be difpofed of as to the laid prefident, wardens and affiftants, or the major number of than, (hall feem meet, at their next publick meeting, within thirty days after the said trial) and in default thereof, the laid yarns to be fold by the prefident, or any two of the said wardens, and The overplus t^lc overplus °f the monies thereof coming, after the fine or to be reftored. fines deducted, to be reftored to the said owner or owners upon demand.

All Kidder- IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, minfter fluffs That all forts of cloths and (tuffs woven with wool only, or of an<* ot^cr materials, within the said borough or parilh of .by-laws afore- X/ddirminjler or the liberties thereof, (hall be under the power, iaud.  government  and  regulation of the laid prefident, wardens and

affiftants, in fuch manner as by this ad and the by-laws and ordinances made or to be made by virtue thereof, or by the laws or ftatutes of this realm, are or (hall be eftablilhed.

X.  And that all clothes and fluffs made or to be made un-and torched ^r x^c regulation aforefaid, before the fame (hall be expofed or by the prefi- Put to faie, (hall be brought to fome convenient place within dent. See. the said Jborough, to be appointed by the said prefident and wardens, or the greater part of them, to be viewed and fearched by the (aid prefident, and any one of the said wardens, or by any two of the (aid wardens in the abfence of the said prefident; and if the fame (hall be found to be well and fufticientlv made and wrought according to the rules and ordinances of tne said trade and manufacture, then all fuch clothes and fluffs (hall be by the said prefident and any one of the said wardens, or by any two Sealed. of the said wardens for the time being, fealed and allowed accordingly ; (2) and it upon fuch fearch and view, any clothes

QC

x 6yo.] Anno vicefitno secundo & tcrtk) Caroli II. c.8.  345

or ftuffs (hall be found or conceived not to be well and fufR-

eiently made and wrought, according to the rules and ordinances

of the said trade and manufacture, then filch clotheis and ftuffs When to be

lfcall be feized.by the (aid prefident and warden, or any two of f«*ed*

the said wardens, and be brought to trial, and the owner

or owners fined, in fuch manner and form, as in this prefent

adt is before limited and appointed for the trial of defective linen-

yarn.

XI.  And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Power toenter That the said prefident, wardens and afliftants, or any two or into houfo more of them, (hall have and hereby have power and authority, and fearcb. to enter into and fearch the houfes and work-houfes of any artificer under the regulation of the said trade,1 at all times of the day, and ufual times of opening of (hops and working; and into the (hops, houfes and warehoufes of any common buyer, ‘ dealer in or retailer of any of the said clothes or ftuffs, and into the houfes and work-houfes of any dyer, (heer-man, and all other workmens houfes and places of file or drefling of the said clothes, ftuffs and yams 5 and may there view the laid clothes, ftuffs and yarns refpe&ively, whether they be made and wrought

according to the laws, orders and ordinances of the said trade;  ........

and if any doth, ftuff or yarns (hall be found faulty or defec- Penalty, tive, to feize and carry away the fame j to be tried by a jury, as afore in this act is appointed.

XII.  And be it alfo enaCted bv the authority aforefaid. That Penalty for it (haU not be lawful for any perlon or persons to buy any piece b.uyLn£5f ^ or pieces of clothes or ftuffs, made or to be made witnin the said faded?* *

. borough or parifh or liberty thereof, before the fame be fealed as aforefaid; and if any piece or pieCCs of fuch cloth or ftuff (hall be found in the pofleflion of any perlon or persons unfealed,

(except in the poffemon of the first owner or maker thereof) the person or persons in whofe cuftody the fame (hall be found, (hall be adjudged guilty of deceit, and mall forfeit for every fuch piece of doth or ftuff fo found in his or their pofleflion unfealed as a-forefaid, the fum of four (hillings, and the maker and feller of the fame, who (hall deliver the fame out of his or their pofleflion before the fame be fealed, (hall likewife forfeit for every fuch piece other four (hillings, to the use of the poor of .the said trade.

XIII.  And if any person (hall counterfeit any feal of the feid Penalty for ttpde, or (hall feal any piece of cloth or ftuff made under the re- counterfeiting guiatton of the said trade, with any counterfeit feal, or (hall re- thc ***** move a feal off one piece, and fet it unto another piece which

hath not been fealed as before in this ad is appointed to be fealed, every person fo offending, and being thereof convi&ed by his own confeflion, or by the oaths of two or more witnefles, • fo be taken by the \m\\S or any juftice of the peace of the said borough for t^e timp (being, who refpedively hay? herety power to adminifter an oath for that purpofe, mall, forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of twenty pounds.

.  '  XIV.  And,

346 Anno vicefitno secundo & tcsdoCAKOU Q. C.& [1670.

How journey- XIV. And for tint hotter providing that poor journeymen who have fervedin the said trade, and are not able to for up for p or* themfolves, may be employed in work* it is hereby ciudhnri. That every person under the regulation of the bid trade, who (hall employ two apprentices in the bid trade, (haU Huswife employ ana fet on work two journeymen in the bid trade, during the time he (hall have or employ two apprentice* ; upon pain that every person (hall forfeit for every month fo offending asaforefoid, the firm of twenty (hillings.

To wk»t oft* XV. And be it enaCted by the authority afoccbid. That the the fine* maB one moiety of all fines, forfeitures and penalties before in this aft mentioned, othyr than fucb as are exprefly otherwifo appointed, (hall be to the use of the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors; the other moiety to the use of the poor of the (aid trade; (2) and (hall and may be levied by didreb and ble of the goods and chattels of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hands and feals of the bailiff and one of the jufhees of the peace of the said borough, or be recovered by action cf 1 debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his MsyeMy’s courts of record, wherein no effoia, protection or wager of law (hal be allowed.

All bailiff*, XVI. And be it alfoena&ed, That all bailiffs, juftices, (be* Mices, con- riffs, conftables, and all other officers, (hall be aiding and IhalUidahd a®^'n6to the said prefident, wardens and aiSftants, or to any affilt .1^— of them, as often as they (hall be thereunto required i (2) and in all actions and fuits that (hall be brought against any person or persons for what be or they (hall do in punuanoe or in execution of this aCt, or any of the authorities hereby given, the person or persons fo fued or uvolefted (hall or may plead the general tbeeenerd '®10 °* not  aiu* Pve ^ fp®0^ matter in evidence, and

IflUeT <wi recover double cofts in every fuch cafe, if the verdiCt pah for fuch person or perfons, or that the plaintiff or tdainriffi, be nonfuit therein, or forbear further proneution, or fuffer dif-Dosble cofts. continuance; for which cofts the bid person or persons (ball have the like remedy as in any cafe where cofts by the law were given to defendants.

Anno vicefim secundo & tertio Caroli

Regis.

No diftmaion A ^ fam  parliament held and

""udtonib* x\ adjournments, October  , 22 Car. 2

mwftfiim? tbente continued on to. March the , one tbeufand fie hundred and /evenly > Anno 23 Car. 2. ftat. 2.

CAP.

1670.] Anna vittfimo secundo & tertio Cakou II €<94 to* 347?

CAP. IX. (3tat. 2, cap. 5.)

yfo /<?r laying impofitions on proceedings at law.

XX7TI your Majejlfs moft dutiful and loyalfitbjeHs^ the commons of-. V V femhled in parliament, having entrei into a due and ftrious confederation of the extraordinary occafions which oblige your Majefiy ta a great andprdfent expense for the nectjfary defence of your realms* and' conferring your Majesty's great debts% and being deftrous to rmfe fiich aids and fupplin as may be. proportionable to theft ouafens, da humbly prefent your Mafefiy with the fra gift of the rates and aide herein after mentioned5 and do befeecb your Majefiy that it may be enacted ; EXP. 1 May 1680.  '

(149) CXXXVI. And for prevention of trivial and vexations fuits inlaw, whereby many good fiibje&s of thisrealm have been and are daily undone, contrary to the intention of an ad made in the three and fortieth year of Qpecn EUxabeth^ for avoid- 43 Eliz. c. 6. ing of infinite numbers of (mail and trifling fiaits commenced m Mod. cafes in .the courts at IVejlminfter; (a) be itfurtherenaded, for making!** nJ1’ the said law effedual. That from and after the first of aforefaid, in all adions of trefpafs, aflault and battery, and Raymond 487, other perfonal adions, wherein the judge at the trial of the4*&* caufe (nail not find and certify under his hand upon the, back s™**' 39. of the record, that an aflault and battery was fufficiently proved 0ns,therein" by the plaintiff against the defendant, or that the freehold or tide no-title of land of the land mentioned in the plaintiff's declaration was chiefly is in queiUon. In queftion, the plaintiff in fuch adion, in cafe the jury fhall find the damages to be under the value of forty (hillings, fhall not  1%

cover or obtain more cods of fuit than the damages fo found \y. 3. c. 9. fhall amount unto: (3) and if any more cofts in any fuch adion fhall be awarded, the judgment (hall be void, and the defendant is hereby acquitted <3 and from the fame, and may have his adion against the plaintiff for fuch vexatious fuit, and recover his damages and cofts of fuch his fuit in any of the had courts of record.

CAP. X. (6.)

An afl for the better fettling'of intejlates ejlates.

BE it enaded by the King’s moft fcxcellent majcfty, with At. .

the advice and confcnt or the lords fpiritual and temporal, w^have * * and the commons in this prefent parliament aflcmbled, and power togrimt by the authority of the fame, That all ordinaries, as well thc ^mimftra-judges of the prerogative courts of Canterbury and Tori for the time being, as all other ordinaries and ecclefiaftieal.judges, and d/' -

of them, having power to commit adminiftration of the Vaughan 96, i of perfbns'dying inteftate*, fhall and may .upon their re-edive granting and committing of adminiftration of the goods of persons dying inteftate, after the first day of June one thou-fend fix hundredfeventy and one, of the refpe&ive person or persons to whom any adminiftration is to be committed, take wfticient bonds wi|h two or more able forttieS, refpcd being

2  had

 v^ooQie

348 Artno ricelitao secundo & tertio Caroli II. C.10J [1670.

had to the value of the eftate, in the name of the ordinary, with the condition in form and manner following, mutatis mutandis viz.

The condi- IL^T^HE condition of this obligation is fuch9 That if the xoitbm °f  X bounden A. B. adminiftrator of all and ftngular the goods

®olld,#  chattels and credits of C. D. deceafedy do make or caufe to he madcy a

true and perfect inventory of all and ftngular the goods, chattels and credits of the fend deceafedy which have orjhall come to the tends* pof-fijjicn or knowledge of him the said A. B. or into the hands andpoffef Jeon of any other person or persons for bimy and the fame fo made do exhibit or caufe to be exhibited into the regijlry of  cmtrty

at or before the  day  of  next enficueg;

(2) and the fame goodSy chattels and creditSy and all other the goodsy chattels and credits of thefaid deceafed at the time of his deathy which at any time after /ball come to the bands or poffeffon of the Jaid A. B. or into the hands and pojjeffion of any other person or persons for bins do well and truly admimfter according to law; (3) and further do make or caufe to be madey a true and juft account of bis said admini-ftrationy at or before the  day of  And

all the reft and reftdue of the said goodsy chattels and credits which 1 Salk. y 5, Jball be found remaining upon the Jaid admmftrator's account, the J*6*  ,  fame being fhrft examined andallowed of bythejudge or judges for the

time being of the said court r Jball deliver and pay unto fetch person or persons refpedlivefyy as the said judge or judges by bis or their decree or fentencey pwrfuant to the true intent and meaning of this ably Jball limit and appoint. (4) And if it Jball hereafter appeary Then any last will and teftament was fnade by the said deceafedy and the executor or executors therein named do exhibit the fame into the find court y making requeft to have it allowed and approved accordingly, if the fiaid A. B. within-bound#tr, being thereunto requiredy do render and deliver the said letters of adminiftration (approbation of fuch teftament being firjt had and made) in the fiaid coutt then this obligation to be void and ofnone effet7, or elfe to remain in full force and virtue.

Ordinaries III. Which bonds are hereby declared and enafted to be good have power to all intents and purpofes, and pleadable in any courts of ju-admi‘ ftice: (2) and alfo that the said ordinaries and judges refpedtive-account^and Ihall and may, and are enabled to proceed and call fuch to makediftri- adminiftrators to account, for and touching the goods of any hution a- person dying inteftate; (3) and upon hearing and due cohfi-deration thereof, to order and make juft and equal diftribution drcn\c. " w^at remained* clear (after all debts, funerals and juft ex-*  *  pences  of every fort first allowed and deducted) amongft the

wife and children, or childrens children, if any fuch be, or otherwife to the next of kindred to the dead person in equal degree, or legally reprefenting their ftocks pro fuo cuique jure, according to the laws in fuch cafes, and the rules and limitation hereafter fet down \ and the fame diftributions to decree and fettle, and to compel fuch adminiftrators to obferve and pay the fi^me, ty tfce due courfe of his Majesty’s ecclefiaftical

*  laws;

 v^.ooQle

Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. c-io; 349

lavis: (4) faving to every one, fuppofing him or themfelves aggrieved, their right of appeal as was always in fuch cafes uled.

IV.  Provided, That this a<ft, or any thing herein contained, Thecuftoms f ftoall not any ways prejudice of hinder the cuftoms obferved with

in the city of London or within the province of Torky or other ^York faved. places, having known and received cuftoms peculiar to them, Explamtd by tout that the fame cuftoms may be obferved as formerly$ any 1 Jk* *. c. 17, thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.  t& An c £

V.  Provided always, and be itenadted by the authority afore* skinner^ ** raid. That all ordinaries and every other person who by this Howrand to a<£t is enabled to make diftribution of the furplufage of the eftate whom the fur-of any person dying inteftate, (hall diftribute the whole furpluf-

age of fuch eftate or eftates in manner and form following:  58.

that is to fay, (2) one third part of the said furplufage to the I Wms.4.39, wife of the inteftate, and all the refidue by equal portions, to &c. and amongft the children of fuch persons dying inteftate, and v'-iuch persons as legally reprefent fudi children, in cafe any of chan^HiU the said children be then dead, other than fuch child or chil- i74I. dren (not being heir at law) who (hall have any eftate by the fettlement of the inteftate, or (hall be advanced by the inteftate in his life-time, by portion or portions equal to the (hare which (hall by fuch diftribution be allotted to the other children to whom fuch diftribution is to be made: (3) and in cafe Advancement any child, other than the heir at law, who (hall have any eftate by portion, toy fettlement from the said inteftate, or (hall be advanced by tne said inteftate in his life-time by portion not equal to the ihare which will be due to the other children by fuch diftribution as aforefaid ; then fo much of Ihe furplufage of the eftate 1 Shower f $. of fuch inteftate, to be diftributed to fuch child or children as (hall have any land by fettlement from the inteftate, or were advanced in the life-time of the inteftate, as (hall make the eftate of all the said children to be equal as near as can be eftimated:

(4) but the heir at law, notwithftanding any land that he (hall Heir at law to have by defeent or otherwife from the inteftate, is to have an have an equal equal part in the diftribution with the reft of the children, with- Pvt* out any confideration of the value of the land which he hath by defeent, or otherwife from the inteftate.

VI.  And in cafe there be no children nor any legal representatives of them, then one moiety of the said eftate to be allotted to the wife of the inteftate, the refidue of the said eftate to , vent. 316. be diftributed equally to every of the next of kindred of the in*

teftate, who are in equal degree and those who legally reprefent them.

VII.  Provided, That there be no reprefentations admitted If no wife,

among collaterals after brothers and fitters children: (2) and in then to cafe there be no wife, then all the said eftate to be diftributed dlftnb'llcl equally to and amongft the children: (3) and in cafe there be no children.1 C child, then to the next of kindred in equal degree of or unto the 1 Salk. 2*50. inteftate, and their legal reprefentatives as aforefaid, and in no Carthew 5«. other manner whatfoever.  Sir Thomat

VIII.  Pro-Jows’5'

 v^.ooQle

3jb Anno vicefimo fecimdo & tertio Caroli II. ci i. (i.) £ 1670.

* Vernon. 169, VIII. Provided alfo, and be it likewife enafted by the ae-*70, *33-  thority aforefaid, To the end that a due regard be had to cre-

1  ditors, that no foch diftribution of the goods of any perfon

No diftribu- dying inteftate be made till after one year be fully expired after tion till after the inteftate’s death; (2) and that fuch and every one to whom yw* any diftribution and (hare lhall be allotted, (hall give bond with w^dsaprw,* fo™0*®1* ftireties in the said courts, that if any debt or debts then til tv re- truly owing to the inteftate {hall be afterwards fued for and fund propor- recovered, or otherwife duly made to appear; that then and in tlonably. every fuch cafe he or fhe (hall refpeftively refund and pay back to the adminiftrator his or her rateable part of that debt or debts, and of the cofts of fuit and charges of the adminiftrator by rea-fon of fuch debt, out of the part and (hare fo as aforefaid allotted to him or her, thereby to enable the laid adminiftrator to pay and fatisfy the said debt or debts fo difcovered after the diftri-bution made as aforefaid.

This aft fall IX. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority not extend to aforefaid, That in all cafes where the ordinary hath ufed herein cu^tVfta to^orc t0 g1**11* ad miniftration cum tefamento annexoy he (hall con-mcntoannexo. tinue fo to do, and the will of the deceafed in fuch tcftameni * exprefled (hall be performed and obferved in ftich manner as it (hould have been if this aft had never been made.

X.  Provided alfo, That this aft (hall continue in force for feven years, and from thence to the end of the next fefTion of parliament and no longer. 29 Car. 2. c. 3./ 25.  30 Car. 2.

fat. 1. c. 6. made perpetual by 1 Jac. 2. e. 17./ 5.

#  CAP.  XI.  (1.)

An aS to prevent the delivery up of merchants flips* and far the increafe of good and ferviccable flipping.

i6Car.».c,6. TT7HEREAS it often happeneth that mefer: and commander: V V of merchant: Jhip: do fuffer their /hip: to be boarded* and their good: to be taken out by pirate: and fea-rover:y notwithfanding they have fufficient force to defend themfehe:* whereby not only the merchant: are much prejudiced, but the honour of the Englilh navigation i: thereby much dimini/hed, and merchant: difeouraged from lading their good: on board Englilh Jbip:y to the decay of flipping ; in the prefervation of which, the wealthy honour and fafety of thi: nation i: fo much concerned: (2) to which the said mafer: are encouraged by a practice ufed towards them by the Turks and other:y who after they have taken out the good:y a: an encouragement to mafer: offlips to yield, do not only ref ore the Jhip with Juch good: a: are claimed by the mafer: or feamen. but many time: pay unto the mafer: all or Jbme part of the freight* which hath, many time: caufed fufpitm of treachery in the Jaid mafer:* to the great di/honour ofthe Englilh nation:

No matter H. For the prevention thereof for the future, and for the better lhall deliver encouragement to merchants, as well foreigners as Englijby to (of ro tons  and  ufe  Engli/b  (hips; (2) be it enafted by the King’s moft

and*rf ms) excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords to any pirates (piritual and temporal, and commons, aflembled in parliament, and

rfyo.J j&nna riccCino ftcundo Sc oertio Carom IL c.ii. (r») 35c

ind by authority of the fame, That where any goods or merchan- or others, discs (hill be laden on board any EngRJb (hip, which (hip (hall be ^,thout fiSht-Df the burthen of two hundred tons or upwards, and mounted 1 with fhfteen guns or more, if the mafter or commander {hall yield up the laid goods to any Turkijb ftiips or veffels, or to any pirates or fea-rovers whatsoever, without fighting; That then and in fech cafe the matter (hall, upon proof thereof made in the high court of admiralty, be from thenceforth incapable of taking chaige of any Englijb (hip or vefifel as matter or oom-mander thereof; (3) and if he mall at any time thereafter pre-fame to take upon him to command any Englijb (hip or veflel, he fhail hitter imprifonment by warrant from the said court, during die fpace of fix months for every fuch offence: (4) and in cafe the persons fo taking the said goods, (hall releafe, give back or let pafs the said (hip, (hall pay unto the said matter any Aim or fums Of money, or any goods in lieu of money for freight, or other reward or gift \ that in all or any fuch cafes, the said goods or money fo given, or the value thereof, as aUo die matter’s part of fuch flup, her tackle, apparel and furniture fb releafed, given back or let pafs, out of which the said goods were taken, fhail be liable to .repair the persons whofe goods were fo delivered or taken, by a&aon in the high court of admiralty: (5) and in cafe the commander's or matter’s part of the (hip, tackle, apparel and furniture, together with fech mo* ney and goods given as aforefaid, (hall not be fuffirient to repair aU the damages fuftained; then the reparations to be recovered cm the matter’s or commander’s part of the drip, to be divided pra rata amoagft the persons prosecuting and proving their damages, and' the persons damaged to have their a&ioa against the matter for the remainder.

III.  And be it further enacted by the authority aferdaid. The matter That no matter of any fech Englijb (hip as aforefaid, being at not to depart fea, and having difeovered any (hip tobea Toriijb (hip, pirate or out°*hu<hip. fea-rover, (hall depart out of his (hip upon any pretence what-

ibever, left by his detention on board any fech (hip, the fafety of his own (hip be hazarded.

IV.  And be it further enatted. That if the matter of any The penalty Englijb (hip or vcffel, though not of the burthen of two ban- when the (hip dredtons, or mounted with fixteen guns as aforefaid, (hall yield “ under *00 his (hip unto any Turbijb (hip, pirate or fea-rover, (not having ^8s^n 1 at the lead his double number of guns) without fighting, every

fech (natter {hall be liable to all and every the penalties in this adt contained.

V.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. To feize by That upon procefs made out of the high court of admiralty, it procefs out of (hall and may be lawful to and for all commanders of his Ma- the admiralty, jetty’s (hips of war, or the commanders of any other Englijb

ttiips, to feize fuch (hips or matters fo offending, according to the said procefe in fech cafe to be iffued, and the fame to bring or fend in cuftody into any ports of his Majesty’s dominions, there to be proceeded against according 40 the intent and meaning of this aft.

VI. Pro-

Penalty for mariner* refuting to fight.

VI.  Provided, That none be hereby encouraged to violate the rights of the ports of any foreign prince or (rates in amity with the King’s majefty.

VII.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if the mariners or inferior officers of any Englijb (hip, laden with goods and merchandizes as aforefaid, (hail decline or refofe to light and defend the (hip, when they (hall be thereunto commanded by the mafter or commander thereof, or (haO utter any words to difcourage the other mariners from defending the (hip; That every mariner who (hall be found guilty of declining or refuting as aforefoid, (hall lofe all his wages due to him, together withfuch goods as he hath in his (hip, and fuffer imprifonment, not exceeding the fpace of fix months, and (haO during fuch time be kept to hard labour for his or their main-

tenance.

Where the VIII. Provided always. That if any (hip (hall have been waiter it . yielded as aforefaid, contrary to the will and endeavour of the forced to yield maftcr or commander, by the difobedience of the mariners, beii excufedL tcft^cc^ by their having laid violent hands on him; that in fuch ' cafe the mafter or commander (hall not be liable to the fentence of incapacity as' aforefaid, nor to any action for the lodes fuf-tained by the merchants, unlefs he (hall have received back from the takers thereof, his (hip, or fome recompence, gift or reward as aforetaid.

Penalty for IX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, the mariners That every mariner who (hall have laid violent hands on his to force him commander, whereby to hinder him from fighting in defence toyieMhit Qf his (ftp *nd goods committed to his truft, (hall fuffer death lh.P, felony. asafcionfjL

When any of. And ^or better encouragement to captains, matters, ficers or fea- * officers and feamen, to defend their (hip ; (2) be it ena&ed by men are the authority aforefaid. That when any Englijb (hip (hall have wmmded ia been defended by fight, and brought to her defigned port, in thehSp wbich fight any of the officers or feamen (hall have been wound-provifioni* it dull ana may be lawful to and for the judge of his Ma-made for their jetty’s high court of admiralty, or his furrogate, or the judge of maintenance, the vice-admiralty within which the (hip (lull arrive at her return, upon petition of the mafter or feamen of fuch (hip fo defended as aforefaid, to call unto him fuch and fo manv as he Seamen maim- (hall be informed to be adventurers or owners of the (nip and 4d mfighting goods fo defended, and by advice with them to raife and levy again#pirates, the refpedtive owners and adventurers, by procefs out of S^Geo. t. cw the court» fuch sum or sums of money, as nimfelf with the •4* f. 5. * * major part of the adventurers or owners then prefent (hall judge reafonable, not exceeding the value of two per cent. of the (hip and goods fo defended, according to the first coft of the goods, to be made appear by the invoice (which the owner, or his factor or correfpondent, is hereby required to produce) or by the oath of the laid owner, fadtor or correfpondent, if thereunto required ; (3) which money fo raifed (hall be paid unto the re-gifter of the (aid court* who (hall receive for the fome, three

pence

 booQle

664.J Annovicefimofecundo&tertio CaroliII. c.i2.  353.

jnce in each pound, and no more, thence to be diftributed nongft the captain, mafter, officers and Teamen of the said (hip,

: widows and children of the (lain, according to the direction f the judge of the said court, with the approbation of three or lore of the owners or adventurers aforefaid, who (hall propor-on the fame according to their beft judgments, unto the (hip’s*

3mpany as aforefaid, having fpecial regard unto the widows nd children of fuch as (hall have been (lain in that fervice, and > fuch as (hall have been wounded or maimed.

XI.  And in cafe the company belonging unto any Englt/h The benefit aerchant-lhip (hall happen to talce any Slip, which (hip fhall they are to rft have aflaulted them, the refpe<5tive officers and mariners elonging to the fame (hall after condemnation of fuch (hip and that^all a(? mods, have and receive to their own proper use and benefit fuch fault them, art and (hare thereof, as is ufually pra&ifed in private men of

rar.

XII.  And whereas it often' happeneth that majlers and mariners Felony for

f Jhips, having enfured or taken upon bottomary, greater fums of mo- ^cr crfon^ 'ey than the value of their adventure, do wilfully caft away, burn, or wilfulljTto^e-tberwife defray the /hips under their charge, to the merchants and ftroy any (hip, wners great lofs; (2) for the prevention thereof for the future,

>e it enacfted by the authority aforefaid, That if any captain, nafter, mariner, or other officer belonging to any (hip, (hall wilfully caft away, burn, or otherwife deftroy the (hip unto which he belongeth, or procure the fame to be done, he (hall fuffer death as a felon^x

XIII.  And for the' better encouragement of building good Encourage-and defenfible (hips, be it enacted. That all and eveiy person mc«t given or perfons, that (hall within the (pace of feven years (Tom and

after the first of May next enfuing build or caufe to be built, s within any of his Majesty’s dominions, any (hip or veflel of three decks, with a forecaftle, and five foot between each deck, mounted with thirty pieces of ordnance at lead, and other ammunition proportionable, (hall for the first two voyages which; the said (hip or (hips make from his Majesty’s dominions to any foreign part, have and receive to his and their own proper ule and benefit, one tenth part:

XIV.  And all persons that (hall build any (hips of two decks, above three hundred tons, and thirty guns, (hall have one twentieth part of the cuftoms that (hall be paid to his Majesty, for all fuch goods or merchandizes as (hall be exported or imported on the said (hip or (hips, to and from this kingdom: and the commiflioners and officers of his Majesty’s cuftoms are hereby impowered and required to pay the fame to the owner or owners of the said (hip or (hips accordingly.

CAP. XII. (2.)

An additional ail for afeertaining the meafures of corn and- Enforced by

fait.  8 Ann.c. 18.

WHEREAS notwithfanding there hath been great care taken 22 Car, a.c.8f in a late att> intituled, An a<ft for the afeertaining the Vol. VIII.  A  a  mea-

 v^»ooQle

Forfeiture.

35f Anno vicefimofecundo& tertloCaroli II. c.12. [1670,

meafures of com and fait throughout the realm ; yet the farm i in a great meafure avoided, by felling in private places, as well as is publick markets, by the bag, or without meafuring, by the buyers Jbaking of the bufhel before it be /truck, fo that thoje places who have given obedience to the Jaid alt, are greatly prejudiced, and their mar-kets likely to be lojl by fuch undue praftices :

No com or II. For prevention whereof, be it enaAed by the King's moil fob be excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the bag ^without *or<*s  an<*  temporal,  and  commons,  in this prefent par-

mcaVuring liament aflcmbled, and by authority of the fame. That every person or perfons, who fhall from and after the five and twentieth day of March next fell or buy any com ground or unground, or fait, by the bag, or without meafuring, being thereunto required, or in any other manner than as is by the said ad directed, and that without fhaking the said bufhel or meafure by the buver, (hall forfeit and lofe, befide the penalty of the former aA appointed, all com, grain or fait, bought or fold contrary to this aA, or the value thereof, to the person or persons complaining.

III.  And whereas a great caufe of the mifchief hereby intended to be prevented, doth arife by the Jelling in private places, and fo avoiding, not only the intention of the said alt, but to the great damage sf publick markets; (2) be it further enaAed, That upon complaint made to any one or more juftices of the peace. That any kind of com ground or unground, or fait, hath been fold or bought, or delivered, contrary to this aA, the proof (hall lie upon the defendant, to make it appear by the oaths of one or more credible witnefles. That he or they did fell or buy the fame in every refpeA according to this and the said former aA, wherein if fuch person complained of (hall fail, he or they (hall forfeit and lofe as is by this aA before direAed, to be levied by diftiefc and fide of his or their goods or chattels, reftoring the overplus, by warrant under the hand and feal of one or more juftices, before whom he or they (hall be fo conviAed: which penalties by this aA appointed to be levied, fhall by the said juftice or juftices be diftributed, one half to the poor of the parilh where fuch offence was committed, and the other half to the informer or profecutor.

IV.  And whereas in all places where markets are holden, there is is no clerk of net a clerk of the market to feal all meafures as by the former all is di-the market, relied: be it therefore fqrther enaAed, That in every fuch cafe

it (hall and may be lawful for the mayor, bailiffs or head officer, or other person or persons who hath the benefit of fuch market, and they and every of them are hereby authorized and required, to feal or caufe to be fealed all meafures duly gauged, that (hall be brought unto them for that purpofe; which fealing (hall be as effeAual in the law to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch meafure had been fealed by any clerk of the market, every fuch mayor, bailiff or head officer, taking no more for fo doing than is by the laid aA appointed.

V.  Provided always, and be it further enaAed by the authority

The proof to lie upon the defendant when he bought the corn.

Forfeiture.

How to be difpofed of.

Where there

then what persons are appointed to feal the meafures.

1670.] Anno vicefimo lecundo & tertio Caroli II. c.13—15. 355

thority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for every per- Thi* aft &all

fbn or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or any of them, to nJ.ot,extLf"d .to

.  *  -, 7 ^  ,  r.  J  %  J 1  1  rent-corn or

'whom any fait, rtnt-com or tithe-corn is referved or due by any tithe-corn.

leafe, grant, contract, cuftom or ufage, to receive and take all fitch rent or other duties of fait and corn as is or (hall be fo referved or due, or the juft and full value thereof in ready money, according to the proportion and quantity, and by the like mea-fures, and in fuch manner,' as the fame were due and paid before the beginning of this parliament; any thing herein or in any other law or statute to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftandipg.

CAP. XIII. (3.)

An act for exporting of beer, ale and mUm.

Strong *le, ftrong beer and mum, may be exported, paving cnftonl. The rates ot the cuitom. The penalty for unlading the (ame in any places but beyond the Teas. To be in force for fix years, Stc. EXP. 49 Car. s. c. 2.  %

CAP. XIV. (4.)

Ar> aft for determination of differences touching houfes burnt Or de- ,9 Car. 2. c.»* moli(bed within four years fince the late dreadful fire in London. xa Car, 1. c. All differences about any houies within the bills of mortality, demoliflied II% by fire, (hall be determined by the judges for the judicature of lioufes demolifhed by fire within London. Longer time given to the judicature. The time limited for receiving of complaints. Lord mayor when to difpofe of ground unbuilt. Authority given to grant long leafcs of the Savoy ground. EXP.

CAR XV. (11.)

An ail for the better fettlement of the maintenance of the parfons, vicars and curatesx in the patijhes of the city of London burnt by the late dreadful fire there.  *

WHEREAS the tithes in the city of London were levied dnd paid with great inequality, and are fince the late dreadful fire there, in the rebuilding of the fame, by taking away of fome houfes, altering the foundations .of many, and the new ereiling of others, fo difordered, that in cafe they should not for the time to come be reduced to a certainty, many tontroverfies and fits of law might thence arife;

(2) be it enafted by, the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and

with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,

and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and

by the authority of the fame. That the annual certain tithes of %

all and every parhh and pariflies within the said city of London

and the liberties thereof, whofe churches have been demolilhed,

or in part confumed, by the late fire, and which said parifhes

by virtue of an act of this prefent parliament, intituled. An ad- ** c*r- ** c«

dstional ail for the rebuilding of the city of London, uniting of pa- 11 •

rijhes, and rebuilding of the cathedral ana parochial churches within

the said city, remain and continue Angle, as heretofore they were,

or are by the said aft annexed or united into one parifli refpec-

tively, (nail be as followeth ; (that is to fay) the annual certain

tithes, or fum of money in lieu of tithes :

A a 2

II. Of

4. & 5 Ann* c. 17*

II. /~\F the parifh of Alballows Lombord-Jlreet \ 1 V-/ one hundred and ten pounds  —  j

(2.) Of Bartholomew Exchange j one hundred ) pounds —  —  —  —  J

(3.) Ot 5/. Bridget, alias fir/dri; one hundred and 1 twenty pounds —  —  —  J

Of St. Bennet Fink; one hundred pounds Of £/. Michael Crooked-lane; one hundred 1 pounds  —  -  J

(6.) Ot 5/. ChriJlopher\ one hundred and twenty pounds  —  —

(7.) Of St. Dionis Back-churchy one hundred and twenty pounds  —  —

(8.) Of St. Dunfian in the eaft\ two hundred pounds (9.) Of St. James Garlick-bythe; one hundred pounds (10.) Of St. Muhael Comhill; one hundred and forty pounds  -  _

(11.) Of St. Michael Bajftjhaiv; one hundred

thirty and two pounds and eleven fhil- Ccxxxiil. xis.

lings.....................................3

(12.) Of St. Margaret Lothbury; one hundred pounds (13.) Of St. Mary Aldermanbury; one hundred and fifty pounds -  -  -

(14.) Of St. Martin Ludgate; one hundred and fixty 1 pounds -  -  -  -

(15.) Of St. Peter Comhill ; one hundred and ten ;

pounds -  -  -  -  ;

(16.) Oi St. Stephen Colemanfaeet; one hundred and ten pounds Of St. Sepulchre; two hundred pounds Of Alballows Breadfaeet, and St. John Evan- | gclijl ; one hundred and forty pounds (19.) Of Alballows the Greats and Alballows the Lefs ; \ two hundred pounds  -  -  ]

(20.) Of St. Albans Wood-facet, and St. Olaves- Sil- J * vcr facet; one hundred and feventy pounds \

(21.) Of St. Anne and Agnes, and St. John Zachary, j one hundred and forty pounds -  I

(22.) Of St. Augujliti and St. Faith ; one hundred 1 feventy and two pounds -  -  j

(23.) Of St. Andrew Wardrobe, and St. Anne Black- 1 Friars; one hundred and forty pounds j (24.) Of St. Antholin, and St. John Baptijl j one ] hundred and twenty pounds

(Sj

a I. cl

cxxL

cL

cl

axl.

cxxL

ccL

cl.

a I.

• cl

dl.

clxl.

al.

cxl. ccl. cxl 1.

ccl.

clxxl.

cxl I.

dxxii/.

cxl I.

cxxl

(25.) Of St. Bcnnet Grace-church, and St. Leonard ) Eajlcbeap ; one hundred and forty pounds J (26.) Of St. Bennet Pauls-wharf, and St* Peter 1 Pauls-wlyarf; one hundred pounds -  )

(27.) Of Chrijl-church, and St. Leonard Forjlcr-lant \ two hundred pounds

*\

cxl 1. cl. ccl.

(28.J Of

670

28.)

29.  )

30.  )

3*0

32.)

33 ) 340 350 360 370 3«0 39) 40O 4*0

42O

43*)

.440

:4so

(46.)

(47*)

(48.)

(49-)

(SO-)

(5*0

\

}

Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. c.15.'

Of St. Edmond the King, and St. Nicholas Aeons} one hundred and eighty pounds Of St. George Botolpb-lane9 and St. Botolph BiUingfgate 5 one hundred and eighty pounds Of St. Lawrence Jury, and St. Magdalen Milk-Jlreet; one hundred and twenty pounds Of St. Magnus9 and St. Margaret New Fifth-ftreet 5 one hundred and feventy pounds Of St. Michael Royal, and St. Martin Vintry;

one hundred and forty pounds Of St. Matthew Ftiday-Jlreet9 and St. Peter Cheap j one hundred fifty pounds Of St. Margaret Pattons9 and St. Gabriel Fen-church -y one hundred and twenty pounds Of Sf. Mary at Hilly and St. Andrew Hubbard two hundred pounds -Of St. Mary fVoolnothy and St. Mary IVool-churcb ; one hundred and fixty pounds Of St. Clement Eqftcheapy and St. Martin Or-

357:

y>\

clxxxL clxxx 1. exx 1* clxxl. cxl 1. ell. cxxl. ccl. clx 1.

gars 1 one hundred and forty pounds  1

Ox St. Mary Ab-churchy and St. Lawrence Fount- 1 ney; one hundred and twenty pounds J Of St. Mary Aldermaryy and St. Thomas ApoJlles\ 1 one hundred and fifty pounds  J

Of St. Mary le Bowy St. Pancras Soper~lane9 and 1 Alballows Honey-lane; two hundred pounds r Of St. Mildred Poultryy and St. Mary Cole- 1 church; one hundred and feventy pounds f Of St. Michael JVood-Jlreet9 and St. Mary Staining ; one hundred pounds Of St. Mildred Breaa-ftreety and St. Margaret Mofes -y one hundred and thirty pounds Of St. Michael ^ueenhythy and Trinity, one J hundred and fixty pounds  J

Of St. Magdalen Old Fijh-ftreet9 and St. Gre- > gory \ one hundred and twenty pounds J Or St. Mary Somerfety and St. Mary Mounthaw; ) one hundred and ten pounds  j

Of St. Nicholas Coleabby9 and St. Nicholas Olaves; ) one hundred and thirty pounds - J Of St. Olave Jewryy and St. Martin Irortmon- 1 ger-lane; one hundred and twenty pounds J Of St. Stephen lValbrook9 and St. Bennet Sheer- ) hogg; one hundred pounds  J

Of St. Swythiny and St. Mary Bothaw; one 1 hundred and forty pounds -  -  J

Of St. Vedajly alias FoJlers% and St. Michael 1 S{uern j one hundred and fixty pounds J

cxl If exx I. cl I. cc I. clxx I.

cl. exxx 1. clx 1. cxxl.

cx 1. exxx I. exx 1.

c 1. cxl I. clxl.

A a 3

III. Which

358 Anno viceGmo secundo & tertio Caroli II. c.15. [1670,

III. Which refoodtive fums of money to be paid in'lieu of tithes within the laid refpedtive parifhes, and aflefied as herein after is directed, (hall be and continue to be efteemed, deemed* The rate- and taken to all intents and purpofes, to he the refpedHve ccr-** annual maintenance (over and above glebes and perqui-elebes Cper- ®tcSj an<* ^>c^ue^s to refpedlive parfon, vicar and cu-quifites and rate of any parifh tor the time being, or to his or their refpedtivc bequeAs. fucceflors, or to other persons for nis or their life) of the £ud refpedfcive parfons, vicars and curates, who (hall be legally in-ftituted, induced and admitted into the refpedtive parifhes aforefaid.

Who to make IV. And that thb said feveral fums of money for tithes may the afleffr be more equally aflefied upon the feveral houfes, buildings, and ^ all other hereditaments whatfoever, within all the (aid relpcc-w n’  t}ve parifhes 5 (2) be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That

the alderman of fuch refpe&ive ward or wards within the (aid city, wherein any of the said pari(hes refpedlively lie, and his or their deputy or deputies, jmd the common-council-men of fuch refpedtive ward or wards, with the church-wardens, and one or more of the parilhioners of fuch refpeftive parifh, wherein the maintenance aforefaid is refpe&ively to be aflefied, to be nominated by fuch refpedtive alderman, deputy, com mon-council -men and church-wardens, or any five of them, whereof the alderman or his deputy to be one, (hall at fome convenient and fcafonable time before the twentieth day of May in the year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred and feventy-one, af-(jeipble and meet together in fome convenient place within every of the refpedtive parifhes, in fuch refpedtive ward wherein the maintenance aforefaid is to be aflefied; (3) and thdy, or the major part of them, fo aflembled, (hall proportionably aflfefs upon all houfes, (hops, ware-houfes and cellars, wharfs, keys, cranes, water-houfes, (which water-houfes (hall pay in their re-fpedlive parifhes where they (land, and not elfewhere) and tofts of ground, (remaining unbuilt) and all other hereditaments whatfoever, (except parfonage and vicarage-houfes) the whole refpedlive fum by this adl appointed, or fo much of it as is more than what each impropriator is by this a<51 enjoined re-fpedtively to allow, in the mod equal way that the (aid afleflors according to the bed of their judgments can make it; which (aid afienments (hall be made and finifhed before the four and twentieth day of July then next enfuing.

If any yari- V. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, ance arife up- That if any variance or doubt (hall happen to arife about any ment*, who" ^um aflefied as aforefaid, or that any jparifhioncr or parifliio-to determine per$, or owner or owners of any houfe, (hop, ware-houfe or it.  cellar, wharf, key, crane, water-houfe, toft of ground or other

hereditament within any of the said parifhes, (hall find himfe^ orthemfelves aggrieved by the afiefling of any fum pr fums of money in manner and form aforefaid; That then upon complaint made by the party or parties aggrieved to the lord mayor and court of aldermen of the said city, within fourteen days af-

xSyo.~\ Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio Carol I II. c.15.  359

ter notice given to the party or parties a fie fled of fuch afleflment made, the said lord mayor and court of aldermen, fummoning as well the party or parties aggrieved, as the alderman and fuch others as made the said afleflment, (hall hear and determine the fame in a fummary way, and the judgment by them given fha]l be final and without appeal.

VI.  Provided always, and be it enabled. That any afleflment A review,if or rate to be made or laid by virtue of this aft, fhall or may in

all or any the parifhes aforefaid, in like manner be reviewed or mern^ altered or laid again within three months after the twenty-fourth day of June one thoufand fix hundred and feventy-four, according to the aforefaid rules, and any fuch afleflment or rate fhall or may be again reviewed or re-aflefled within three months after the twenty-fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred eighty-one; and that all and every fuch new afleflment and rate fhall be liable to the like appeals as aforefaid, and fhall be collefted, levied and paid as any other aiTelTment or rate mentioned in this aft, may or ought to be.

VII.  And if the said alderman, deputy, common council- If the perfons

men and parifhioner or parifhioners fo appointed as aforefaid, appointed by fhall after fummons and requeft made in that behalf unto them,  e

by the lord mayor and court of aldermen, or the incumbent or others’ to be incumbents of any of the said refpeftive pariih or parifhes, refufe chofen by the and negleft to meet and make fuch afleflments as aforefaid j J?rd n>ay°r» then it mall and may be lawful to and for fuch person or persons “c*

as fhall be thereunto authorized and required by the said lord mayor and court of aldermen, to make fuch aneflment as by the said aldermen, deputy, common council-men, church-wardens, parifhioner or parifhioners aforefaid, fhould or ought to have been made.

VIII.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Three tran-That the said afleflbrs within ten days after fuch aflefTments fcriPM thereof made, and the refpeftive appeals (if any be) determined, fhall the^ef. make three tranlcripts thereof in parchment, containing the re- for*, fpeftive fums to be payable or appointed to be paid out of all

and every the premifles within fuch refpeftive parifh, and fub-

feribe the fame under their hands, and within twenty days after

fuch fubfeription as aforefaid; one of the said tranferipts mail be one to be re.

returned to the lord mayor of the city of London to be kept and turned to the

preferved by the said lord mayor, in and among the records of lord mayor.

the said city, for a perpetual memorial thereof; and another of

the said tranferipts fhall be returned into the regiftry of the lord i^ndon°sPre-

bifhop of London, to be kept and preferved as aforefaid j and giftry.

the other of the said tranferipts fhall remain and be kept in the The other to

veftry of fuch refpeftive parifh for a perpetual piemorial as m the

aforefaid.  .  v ry.

IX. And for the furer and better payment of the said refpec- When the tive fums of money fo to be aflefled and taxed towards the lame money railing of the said maintenance of the refpeftive parfons, vi- be Cars and curates of the said refpeftive parilhes as aforefaid; (2) an QW ou'* be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all and ♦very fuch refpeftive fum and fums of money fo to be affefled

A a 4  and

$6o

Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. c.i5. [1670.

and taxed as aforefaid, towards the raifing of the said maintenance of the said refpedive parfons, vicars and curates of the fai4 refpedive pariflies, (hall be paid to the said refpedive parfons, vicars and curates and their fucceffors refpedively, at the four mod ufual feafts, (that is to fay) at the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary, the nativity of Saint John BaptiJI9 the feafi of Saint Michael the archangel and the nativity of our blefled Saviour, or within fourteen days after each of the feafts aforefaid, by equal payments ; the refpedive payments thereof to begin and commence only from fuch time and times as the incumbent or incumbents of fuch refpedive parifli (hall begin to officiate or preach as incumbent or parfon in the refpedive church belonging to fuch refpedive parifli, or in fome other convenient place or places in fuch refpedive parifli or pariflies, to be nomi-nated or appointed by the lord bifnop of London for the time being, or by the archbilhop of Canterbury in any place with his peculiars.

Impropriators X. And in any parifli or parilhes where any impropriations be, ffime^llow6 **lt ena<^e<* bytbe authority aforefaid, That all and every the finances they did propriator or impropriators of any ofthe said pariflies (hall pay and before the fire, allow what really and bona fide they have ufed and ought to pay and fatisfy to the refpedive incumbent of fuch refpedive parifli at any time before the said late fire, and the fame (hall be efteem-ed and computed as part of the maintenance of fuch incumbent; notwithftanding this ad or any claufe or matter or thing therein contained.

Upon refufal XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, how^o^ev^it That if any the inhabitants in any the refpedive parifli or pa-w yi * rifties as aforefaid (hall or do refufe or negled to pay to the refpedive incumbents aforefaid of any of the said refpedive parishes, any sum or sums of money to him refpedively payable or appointed to be paid by this ad or any part thereof, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, ( being lawfully demanded at the house or houfes, wharf, key, crane, cellar or other premifles whereout the fame is payable) That then it fliall and may fcje lawful to and for the lord mayor of the city of Lsndcn for the time being, upon oath to be made before him of fuch refufal or negled, to give and grant out warrants for the officer or person appointed to colled the fame, with the afliftance of a conftable in the day-time, to levy the fame tithes or fums of money fo due and in arrear and unpaid, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the party or parties fo refufing or negleding to pay, reftoring to the owner or owners the overplus of fuch goods, over and above the said arrears of the said monies fo due and unpaid, and the reafonable charges of making fuch diftrefs, which lie is to dedud out of the monies raifed by fale of fuch goods.

If the lord XII. Provided always, and be it enaded, That in cafe the mayor refufe ]0rd mayor or court of aldermen (hall refufe or negled to execute a^^he^Vho* anv tbe refyCt^vc powers to them by this ad granted, or to are appointed perform all and every fuch thing relating either to the afleffing to execute it. or levying of the refpedive fums aforefaid, as they are by this

ad

.670.] Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. c.i 6-  $6i

a£t authorized and required to perform. That then it (hall and may be lawful for the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great Teal of England for the time being, or any two or more of the barons of his Majesty’s court of exchequer, by warrant or warrants under his or their refpeftive hands and feals, to do and perform what the said lord mayor and court of aldermen, according to the true intent and meaning of this prefent aft, might or ought to have doAe, and by fuch warrant, either to impower any person or persons to make the refpeftive afleflments, as a-forefaid, or to authorize the refpeftive officers or persons appointed to colleft the fums aforefaid, to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the goods of any person or persons that (hall refufe or negledf to pay the fame in manner and form aforefaid.

XIII.  Provided always, and be it enafted. That where any of the parifhes within the said city have Cnee the late fire, by death or otherwife, become vacant, tne furviving or remaining incumbent of the other parilh thereto united, or therewith confolidatr ed, fhall have and enjoy, and have like remedy to recover the tithes hereby fettled to be paid, as if he had been aftually prefen ted, admitted, inftituted and indufted into both the said parifhes, fince the union and confolidation thereof.

XIV.  Provided always. That no court or judge ecclefiaftical Nocourtwhat-or temporal fhall hold plea of or for any the sum or sums of mo-

ney due and owing, or to be paid by virtue of this aft, or any ° a^r part thereof, other than the persons hereby authorized to have nfjng upor* cognizance thereof: nor fhall it be lawful to or for any parfon, thi3 aft* vicar, curate, or incumbent, to convent or fue any person or persons afleffed as aforefaid, and refufing or neglefting to pay the fame, in any court or courts, or before any judge or judges, other than what are authorized and appointed by this aft, for the hearing and determining of the lame, in manner aforefaid.

XV.  Provided always, That it fhall and may be lawful to and An exception for the warden and minor canons of St. Paul*s church, London, ^#SchS5f°* parfon and proprietors of the reftory of St. Gregory aforefaid, to Sat of this aft. receive and enjoy all tithes, oblations, and duties arifing or

growing due within the said parifh, in as large and beneficial manner as formerly they have or lawfully might have done j a-ny thing herein to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XVI. (12.)

An act for the difeovery of fuch as have defrauded the poor of the city of E X P. London, of the monies given for their relief, at the times of the late plague and fire, and for recovery of the arrears thereof.

All monies received upon charity for the poor of the city of London, to be paid in. If the receivers are dead, their executors or adminiflrators to pay it. Forfeiture. All bifhops and officials, &c. fhall in their vifi-tations give it in charge to the churchwardens, &c. So likewife fhall juftices of affize, and juftices of the peace. Juftices of the peace may hear and determine this matter at the feflions. Diitrefs of goods. No . appeal from their judgment. Diffinft accounts to be returned by the colleftors. That the biihops fhall certify what money hath been expended out of publick flocks, or lent towards the fupport of persons fick of the plague, \yithin their diocefes. How to be repaid again. To whom

362 Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. c.17. - [ 1670.

it muft be paid. How the furplufage to be difpofed of. A iaving t> the ordinary's jurifdiftion. Upon any fuit brought for the execution a this aft, the defendant to plead not guilty, and recover double coftk

CAP. XVII. (13.)

An aU for the bettor paving and cleanjing the fir eats ani fewers in and about the city of London.

That the ’IXT’HEREAS by a late ail of thisprefetit parliament, intituled, number of V V An act for the rebuilding the city of London, it is ettafld fewers, dreins, (amongfi other things) that the numbers and places for all common imr tbeftrem fewers'> &r<dns and vaults, and the order and manner of paving ani y (hSl be fet out Pitching the fireets and lanes within the said city and liberties thereof, by fo many Jhall be deftgned and fet out by fuch and fo many persons as the Jmd peifons as the mayor, aldermen, and commonalty in common council ajfembkd, Jbdi amdcofmnon- from time to ttme autk°rtz* an& appoint under their common feaL, si council (hall" the more part of them: (2) which said persons fo authorized and ap~ appoint.  pointed,  or any feven or more of them,  together with the said furors-

19 Car. %• c. 3. ors9 or fome or one of them, within his or their precinfls refpe&hxly, 20*  /ball at their meeting have power and authority to order ana direfl the |

making of any new vaults, drains and fewers, or to cut into any dram | or fewer already made, and for the altering, enlarging, amending, cleanjing, and fcowering of any old vaults, finis, or common fewers.

A power to II. For the better effefling whereof, it /ball and may be lawful u impofe a tax. and for the said persons fo authorized and appointed as aforefaid, or any Jeven or more of them, at their said meeting, to impofe any rea~ finable tax upon au houfes within the said city and liberties thereof, in proportion to the benefit they Jhall receive thereby, fir and towards the new making, cutting, altering, enlarging, amending, cleanjing and fcowring au and fingular the Jaid vaults, drains, fewers, pavements and pitching aforefaid; and fn default <f payment of the said fums fo to be charged, it Jhall and may be lawful to and for the said persons fo authorized as aforefaid, or anyfeven or more of them, by order and To levy by  warrant under their hands and feats, to levy the said fum ani fums

diltrds.  of money fo affeffed, by difirefs and file of the goods of the party

chargeable therewith, and ref tying or neglefling to pay the fame, rend-ring the overplus (if any be-,) (2) aid that all other commiffismrs wlwtfoever be altogether ftcfpended to intermeddle in the trcmijfes within the said city and liberties thereof, fir the fpace of feven years next, and for fo long after until the said intended building Jball be fully finijbcd j any law or fiatute to the contrary in any wife notwitb-Jlanding.

III. Be it enafted and declared by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That the said daufe or branch of the said aft herein before recited (hall remain and continue in force, and be made perpetual, and the powers and. authorities thereby given and appointed to be executed by fuch The lord may- persons as (hall in that behalf be authorized and appointed by or an com- t^  mayor, aldermen and commons In common council

 L.ooQle

5^0.] Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. c.17.  363

Bern bled, according to the tenor thereof, under their common mon council

or any feven of more of them, (hall and may from time to me, for ever hereafter, be put in execution according to pay^g fhe ^©purport and effect of the aforefaid act; (2) and that no ftreeu. mer commiflioners, or any other persons -whatfoever, (hall at ny time hereafter intermeddle in the premises within the said ity or liberties thereof; any law or statute to the contrary not-vithftanding.

IV. And to the end that for the future all irregularities in >aving and pitching of the ftreets, lanes and paflages, within he said city and liberties thereof, and the frequent defaults of :leanfing the fame may be prevented and remedied; (2) be it urther enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from henceforth the foie power and authority of ordering, defigning and  ,

regulating, as well the cleanfing and keeping clean all the ftreets, lanes and paflages whatfoever within the said city and liberties, and the pitching and paving, with the order and manner thereof, and for making and cleanfing dreins and fewers,

(hall he and remain in the mayor, commonalty and citizens of the said city, to be managed, executed and done by fuch perfons, as by the said mayor, aldermen and commons m common council aflembled, (hall be thereunto authorized and appointed, or by any feven or more of them, (being all members of the said court) and no other persons whatfoever, and in fuch fort and manner as from time to time (hall by them be found mod convenient for the publick benefit of the inhabitants of the said city in general.

V - And all paviers, fcavengers, carters, labourers and ligh- pavj-ers termen, and all other persons that have been heretofore, or that and fcaven-may hereafter be imployed in any of the works belonging to gers required the dreins or fewers, pitching, paving or cleanfing of the ftreets, d'^c lanes or paflages within the said city or liberties thereof, are UtC" hereby enjoined and required, duly, and conftantly to obey, obferve and execute all fuch orders, rules and directions, as (hall be from time to time appointed or prefcribed by the persons in that behalf to be authorized, or any feven or more of them.

VI.  And that the parties therein offending, contrary to this The punifh-prefent act, (hall and may be proceeded againft, and thereof ment of the convicted by indictment at the next fefiions of the peace to be offenders, held for the said city and liberties thereof, according to his or

their feveral offences, unlefs they (hall fubmit to the judgment and cenfure of the persons fo to be authorized and appointed as aforefaid, or any feven or more of them, and (hall fatisfy and pay fuch mulct or penalty as by them (hall be fet and impofed for fuch offence, into the chamber of the city of London, to be imployed for and towards the works in this act mentioned; any law, ftatute, ufage or cuftom to the*contrary notwithftanding.

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Power to im-That for the better enabling the said mayor, commonalty and pofe a reafon-citizens to effect and perform all and Angular the works in and able tax*

by this prefent act mentioned and appointed to be done, and

for

2

 LjOoq le

364 Anno vicefirtio secundo & tertio Caroli II. C. 17. [ 1670;

for the defraying the charge thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the said persons fo to be authorized and appointed as aforefaid, or any feven or more of them, at their pubiick meetings, from time to time, as oft as need (hall be or require, to impofe any reaibnable tax or afiefiment upon the fercAl wards and precinCts thereof, within the said city and liberties, and to direCt precepts or warrants under their hands and feals, or of any feven or more of them, unto the reflective deputies and common-council-men of the (aid feveral wards, thereby requiring them to rate and afiefs the said taxes and afieflments, in manner hereafter following: (2) And alfo to direct like precepts or warrants to fuch and (o many of the fcavengers within the refpeCtive wards as they (hall think fit, thereby requiring them to colled and levy the monies fo afiefied, upon receipt whereof the said deputies and common-council-men thereunto appointed, are hereby required to make an afiefiment and diltributioa of the proportion charged upon their refpeCtive wards and precinCts thereof as aforefaid, as well upon the tenants and occupiers of houfes, (hops, or other tenements or hereditaments, as upon the owners or others interefted of or in fuch houfes, tofts of ground unbuilt, and other hereditaments whereof there (hall be no prefent occupier.

VIII.  And where any church or church-yard (hall be fronting and adjoining to any of the (aid ftreets, lanes or paflages, to rate and afiefs a reafonable proportion thereof upon the parilh thereunto belonging, the fame to be paid by the churchwardens of every fuch parilh for the time being, who are hereby required to pay the fame accordingly in the behalf of the said parilh: (2) Of which afieflments the said deputies and common-council-men (hall return duplicates in writing, together with the names of the fcavengers to be appointed for the collection thereof, within twenty days next after the receipt of fuch precept of warrant refpeCtively; and in cafe of their negleCt or default in writing ot the rating or aflefling the fame, or in returning luch duplicates of bc^e^rned,0 t^lc*r afleflinents within the time limited as aforefaid, it fhalland together with may be lawful to and for the said persons fo to be authorized and the fcavengers appointed, or any feven or more of them, to rate and afiefs the renames who  fpe<$tjvc taxes and afieflments within the feveral wards and precinds

are to co ect. ^ere fuch defers (hall be, upon the refpeCtive inhabitants and others, in manner as aforefaid ; (3) all which fum and fumsof money fo to be rated and afiefied in purfuance of this aCt, (hall from time to time be collected and levied by the fcavengers to be appointed for the collecting thereof as aforefaid, who are hereby authorized and required to colleCt and levy the fame according-Penalty for ly ; and in default of payment of the fums to be charged and non-payment afi*efied as aforefaid, or any part thereof, by the fpace of fix after lix day*. dayS after demand thereof, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid fcavengers to be appointed for the collecting and levying thereof as aforefaid, and they are hereby authorized and required thereunto, to levy all fuch fum and fums of money fo

afleiTed,

Houfes unbuilt.

The churchwardens to pay for a church or church-yard.

Duplicates in

Digitiz ■

6 70.] Anno vicefimo secundo &tertioCaroli II. C. 17.  365

Ilefled, by diftrefs and falc of the goods of the parties refilling >r neglecting to pay the fame, rendring. the overplus, if any hall be, befides the reafonable charge of taking fuch diftrefs, to the party or parties fo diltrained.

IX.  All which fum and fums of money, from time to time, The money to hereafter to be collected and levied by virtue of this prefent aCt, b* pajd fhall be paid into the chamber of the city of London, by the Qf]^don!r Laid fcavengers who (hall colleCt the fame refpeCtivelv, where books of accounts (hall be kept of the receipt thereof, by the chamberlain of the said city of London for the time being : (2)

And no monies (hall be ilTued thereout, otherwife than by order or warrant under the hands of the laid persons fo to be appointed and authorized as aforefaid, or any feven or more of them, for the ufes and purpofes in and by this act mentioned and appointed.

X.  And it is hereby further enaCted, That where anv citizen ^ cafc any ot inhabitant within the said city or liberties thereof mall find defeat of pav-himfelf agrieved through the defeCfc or decay of the pavements ing. how to be in any or the said ftreets, lanes or paflages within the said city rc3refled. or liberties thereof, or for want of due cleanfing thereof, the fame being made appear to the persons fo to be authorized and appointed by the said mayor, aldermen and commons as aforefaid, or any feven or more of them, at their publick meeting, and upon due proof made, that fuch grievance is unreformed ; that then and in fuch cafe the person and persons complaining fhall forthwith receive the order and directions of the said persons fo authorized and appointed, or any feven or more of them, for redrefling thereof, together with a warrant under their hands and feals, directed to the chamberlain of the city of London for the time being, to ifliie out monies for defraying the charge thereof, together with any fum of money, Tbe profecu-not exceeding ten (hillings, for encouragement of his or their ^ encourag-diligence therein, who, upon receipt of fuch warrant, fhall pay the fame accordingly.

XI.  And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That it LayftaIs to be (hall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen provided for and commons in common council affembled, to appoint, fet out the receipt of and purchase for the publick use and benefit of the said city of the dirt, 8tc. London, in places convenient, and where the fame may be leaft annoyance, fuch and fo many pieces or parcels of ground forlay-

(talsand places for publick itores, as they fhall adjudge neceflary and convenient for the receipt of the foil, dirt and rubbilh, which (hall be removed and carried out of the said city and liberties thereof, as for other materials and commodities.

XII.  And that all fuch pieces of ground foi layftals and x0 be pur-places for publick (lores, as by them (hall be purchafed as a-chafed with forefaid, (hall be fatisfied and paid for out of the monies raifed the monies to or hereafter to be raifed by the impofition upon coals, appoint- b£ ou* ed for publick ufes of the said city, by virtue of the said act for °*on rebuilding the city, and of another aCt, intituled. An additional azCnr.a.c.u. aH for rebuilding of the city of London, uniting of parijhes, and f. 3**

•  rebuilding

366 Anna vlcefimo secundo & tcrtioCarolin. c.i8*  [1670;

rebuilding of tht cathedral and parochial churches within the fail city, Mother than the money appointed for building of the cathedral church of St. Pair/’s, and other churches within the hud city, and refervine fufficienttofatisfy fuch persons whofe grounds have been taken from them) or either of them; any law or fta-tute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanaing.

If any perfon' XIII. And in cafe that aiw person or persons (hall find him is aggrieved, * or themfelves agrieved by reafon of any tax, afieflment, or other hemayappeal. charge to be impofed by virtue or colour of this prefent ad;

That then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the party or parties fo agrieved, within five days after demand thereof to appeal to the mayor and court of aldermen of the said city for the tune being, for redrefs therein, whofe order in that behalf (hall be final.

No persons XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That no who are liable person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, who by this ad charged al- arc m*de liable to be rated or aflefled towards the publick charge tering, or of altering, enlarging, amending, or cleanfing of the said vaults, cleaning any or fewers, or of cleanfing, pitching or paving the (beets, lanes, &cCto beTur a^cYs> anc* other common paflages within the said city and lithe,. charge- * berties thereof, for or in refped of any houfes, tofts, or other able.  hereditaments, (hall from and after the first day of May one

thoufand (ix hundred feventy-one, be otherwife charged therewith, or liable thereunto, or to be troubled, molefted, or pno-fecuted for or in refped thereof ; any other law, ftatute, cuftotn, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding. By 2 JV.lA M. fejf. 2. c. 8. f 23. Perfons a fling in purfuance of tinsftatute may plead the general ijjue, and have treble cofs> £sfr.

CAP. XVJII. (12.)

An for the better regulating of workboufes for fetting the poor on work.

13 & 14Car. a.  the more effedual putting in execution of an ad of

c. 11.  2/ parliament made in the fourteenth year of your Majeft/s

reign, intituled, An afl for the better relief of the poor of tbit kingdom; and to the end that the poor or the feveral pariflics within the city and liberties of IVeJitmnfler, and other pari(hes within the county of AtiddlefiXj mentioned within the weekly bill of mortality, may for the future be duly provided for, according to the intent and. meaning of the said ad, may it pleafe To whom the y°ur mo^ excellent Majesty that it may be enaded ; (2) and money, when oc it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with collected, (hall the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and be paid. commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all monies aflefled, or ordered to be aflefled, upon any perfon, in pursuance of the said ad, fince the first day of March in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and five, (hall be colleded and paid in to thetrea-furers of the refpedive corporations, by or before the nine and twentieth day of September hi the year of our Lord one thou-

•  (and

1670.3  Aniio vicefimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. c. 18.  367

fand fix hundred feventy and one ; and all monies already col-kdted by authority of the said aft, (hall be paid in to the said treafurers, by or oefore the first day of June in the year of our Lord one tbouland fix hundred feventy and one: (3) And that the officers of the said corporations erefted and conftituted in purfuance of the said aft, and their treafurers, (hall make and give quarterly accounts to the juftices of peace, who are hereby ^ount”1 required to demand and call for the said accounts, and are not to raifc any more monies upon any new certificates whatfoever, until there be a juft account given to, and allowed by, the juftices of the peace aforefaid, according to the true intent and meaning of the said former and this prefent aft.

II* And whereas feme accounts have been made by the former governors, of part of the monies raifed by the aft aforefaid, and J'ome of them fand engaged for payment of certain fume of money, which were borrowed and expended in purfuance of the said former aft; be it further enafted, That all fuch accounts which (hall appear to the (aid juftices (not having been governors of the said corporations) to have been made according to the aft aforefaid, (hall be and are hereby ratified and confirmedj and that fuch monies as have not been accounted for as aforefaid, (hall be accounted for according as in the said aft is provided.

III. And that all monies lent, and all fuch debts as any of Monies lent them, or any of the members of the said corporations afore- ** faid, (land engaged for, and have been contracted for the ufes exprefled in the said aft, (hall upon order from the juftices a-forefaid (afeertaining the fame) be difeharged and fatisfied by

the refpedtive treafurer or treafurers for the time being, and (hall from time to time be allowed in their refpeftive accounts.

IV.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. The tax not That no sum or sums of money to be levied upon the inhabi- exceed one tants of any of the (aid refpeftive parifties, according to the faid

former or this prefent aft, (hall in any one year exceed one ment. fourth part of the afieftinent to the poor for that year, laid on any of the parifties and liberties aforefaid: Which said fum (hall be paid by the refpeftive inhabitants of the said parifties, at two feveral payments, to the treafurer or treafurers for the said corporations (that is to fay) at the feaft of St. Michael the arch- When to be angel, and the annunciation of the blefied virgin Mary, or paid, within fourteen days after either of the said feafts as aforefaid.

V.  And be it al(o enafted, That no afieftinent (hall be laid Wh™ thc

or made on any of the parifties aforefaid, after the nine and |^mcntstobe twentieth day of September which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred feventy and five; any thing in the said former or this prefent aft to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VI.  Provided always. That nothing herein contained (half A faving for in any fort extend to the fuperfeding, altering or vacating any London and of the powers given by the said former aft, to the lord mayor Margaret's and governors for the corporation within the city of London, or wc min cr* the pari(h of St. Margaret's JVeJiminjier, but that the fame and

all

368 Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. c. 19,20. [ 1670.

all the other claufes and articles in the said former ad lhaU to all intents and purpofes be fully executed and obferved within the city of London, and parifh or St. Margaret's Weftminjler, as if this ad had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XIX. (15.)

4 & 1 Ed 6 Ana&to prevent frauds in the buying and felling of cattle in Smithfieki, c J *  *  and  elfewhere.

15 Car. 1. c. S. No jobber or broker, to buy any cattle, except fwine or calves, with-3  4 Ed. 6.  in fourfcore miles of London.  Forfeiture. In fart repealed  by *5 Car.

c. »o.  *. c. 4. fee 5 Ann. c. 14. & 7  Ann. c. 6. One butcher (hall  not fell to

1 Jac. 1. c. 21.  another butcher. Forfeiture.  No drover (hall be licenced by  any jufba

f. 3.  of peace within eighty miles  of London. Who (hall be licenced dro-

vers. To be bound with fureties. The proof (hall be upon the party offending. No vexatious information (hall be brought upon this aSt. The penalty. Juftices of the peace at their quarter-feflions have power to hear and determine. To make extracts. To award execution. No Certiorari to be allowed to remove any information. Fat cattle bough: in Smithfield fhall not be there fold again. Penalty. Cattle there fold, how to be marked. Cuftoms of foreign bought, and foreign fold, takea away. Calves under five weeks old may be killed. The profecutkm to be within fix months. The continuance hereof. Farther continued by 11 & 12 W. 3. c. 13. f. 5. for fe*ven years from September 1700. No com-pofition to be made. Forfeiture. Continued by 5 Ann. c. 34..from 1 Mar. 1707. for feven years.’ EXP.

CAP. XX. (7.) (16.)

yin aft for the relief and releafe of poor dijlrejfed

for debt.

. Enforced by 2 Geo. 2.C.22

F

Orafmuch as very many persons now detained in prifon, are m-1 J'erably imporjerijhed, either by reafon of the late unhappy times, the Jad and dreadful fire, their own misfortunes, or oihenvife, fo os they are totally difabled to give tiny fatisfaftion to their creditors, end fo become, without advantage to any, a charge and burden to the kingdom, and by ncifomnefs (injeparably incident to extream poverty) may become the occafton of pefilence and contagious difeafts, to the great prejudice of the kingdom \ (2) be it therefore enabled by the King’s, moft excellent rhajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons in this pre-fent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it fhall and may be lawful to and for any juftice of the A • a- f peace of any county, city, town or liberty within the kingdom the^peace^all  dominion of IVales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed,

command the by warrant under his hand and feal, to require the fheriff, gaol-body of any er, or keeper of any prifon within his refpedtive jurisdiction, to on loner to be bring without delay, the body of any person being in prifon for fore*him  debt, on the fourteenth day of April,  one thoufand fix hundred

feventy and one, or damages (and petitioning fuch juftice to be difeharged) to fome convenient place within the diftance of one mile from the faid'prifon ; (3) and (hall certify the caufe and caufes of the imprifonment, before the fame juftice; which warrant every fuch (heriff, goaler and keeper is hereby commanded to obey.

II. And

70.3  Anno vicelimo secundo Sc tcrtlo Caroli II. c.20.  369

I. And in cafe fuch prisoner coming before fuch juftice (hall e an oath to this effeft, viz.

A. B. do upon my corporal oath folemnly profefs and declare before The form of jflmighty God, That I have not any ejlate real or perfonal, in the oath. reffion9 reverfion or remainder, of the value of ten pounds in the ole, or fufficient to pay the debt or damages for which 1 am im-Coned ; (2) and that I have not dire ft ly or indireftly fold, leafed, or ertvife conveyed, difpofed of or entrufted all or any part of my ite9 thereby to Jecure the fame, to receive or expel1 any profit or ad-ntage thereof \ or defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors what-ver to whom IJland indebted:

III. Then after the taking of fuch oath, that said juftice fhalj The prifbner nand the prisoner to prifon, and (hall give a certificate there- to be remand,* in writing under his hand and feal, to the fame prifoner, to c * ferved upon fuch person or perfons, his or her exicutors or miniftrators, or to be left at the place of the ufiral abode ’ fuch person or persons at whofe fuit the prisoner ftandeth larged and imprifoned, thereby appointing as well the said Notice to be :rfon or perfons, as the said pnfoner to appear before the ju- left. wi*h the ces at the next general quarter-feffions of the peace to be holden the*P# r the fame county, city, town, or liberty, (2) when if it (hall ftffions.

>pear upon oath (which oath the said juftices are impowered to

Iminifter) that the said certificate was fo ferved or left, forty

ays or more before the said feflions, and that the said oath ta-

:n by the said prifoner, be not difproved by good teftimony of

ny credible person or persons upon oath to be adminiftred by

le said juftices, by virtue of this aft, then the said juftices be-

ig fatisfied therewith, (hall direft their warrant under their

ands and feals, commanding the said (heriff, gaoler. Or keep- when th?

r of the prifon, to fet at liberty, and difeharge the said pri- prisoner to b%

:>ner, if imprifoned for the caufes aforefaid, and no other, dilcharged.

rithout paying any thing for fee, or chamber-rent j (3) which

warrant (hall be a fufficient difeharge to the fame (heriff, gaoler  N

>r keeper of prifon, and no aftion of cfcape, or other aftion (hall be

>rought against them, or any of them, for the fame in any wife.

IV. Provided alfo, and be it enafted by the authority afore- 30 Car.*, (la* aid. That when fuch prisoner or prisoners for debt (hall have i* c* 4-egally taken the said oath in this aft propofed to be taken, and hall nave duly fummonedhis or their creditor or creditors; and ifter the said forty days time, if the said creditor or creditors hall make no difeovery of his, her, or their eftates, nor difprove or deteft the said prisoner or prisoners of forfwcaring themfelvcs, that then if fuch creditor or creditors will not be fatisfied therewith (that the said prisoner or prisoners may be fet at liberty, or will infift to have the said prisoner continued in gaol) that then the said creditor or creditors (hall at his and their own proper cofts and charges, allow and pay weekly a'reafonable maintenance to the said prisoner or prisoners, fuch as the said commif-fioners of the peace, or any three of them, in their refpeftive divifions (hall order and appoint, not exceeding eighteen pence Vol. VIII.  Bb  a

37° Anno vicefxmo secundo & tertio CAfcoLl II. c**o. [167,

Wiifainefs in a week; (a) and upon non-payment of the lame weekly, & the creditor, (aid prisoner or prisoners, lhall be fet at liberty, according to tfc true intent and meaning of this aft.

The (heriff, V. And be it further enafted by the authority afbrefaid, Thi fom^l**8** uP°.n m7 a^i°n of efcape, or other fait brought or to be brro^j efcapct. against any (heriff, gaoler or keeper of any (uch prifon, or oche 30 Car. 2. flat, officer or perfon, for any thing done in obedience to this aft, 1

1. c. 4. r. s.

Double cofti.

(hall and may be lawful, to,'and for fuch (heriff, gaoler, or keeper of prifon, or other officer orperfon, to plead the general Hfe, and give this aft in evidence, which (hall be a good and dent difcharge, and lhall lave harmlefs every fuch (heriff, gad-er, or keeper of prifon, pleading the fame; (2) and if the pbm* tiff, in any fuch aftion, lhall be non-fuited, or verdift pah against him, the defendant (hall have double cods to be taxed bj the court, where fuch aftion (hall be brought.

VI. Provided always, and be it farther enafted by the autho-ftaod 90d  a^ore^ai<*> That notwithftanding the difcharge of the perfon

Bocwithltmitd* °f prifoner, as afbrefaid, upon taking the oath afore&id.

The judg-ments dull

ing the dif-charge.

all and every judgment had and taken against him or her, (ball be, and (land good and effeftual in law, to all intents and purposes, against the lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods 2nd chattels only of the said prisoner fo difeharged as afbrefeid; (2) and it (hall and may be lawful, to and for luch creditor of fuch prisoner or prisoners fo difeharged as afbrefaid, his exccaton, adminiftrators or afligns, to take out any new execution, annul the lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods and chatteb of foci prisoner or prisoners (his or her wearing apparel, bedding far him and his or her family, and tools neceuary for his or her track and occupation only excepted) for the fatisfa&ion of his or their said debt, in fuch fort, manner, and form, as he or they might have done, if the person or persons of fuch prisoner or prisoners had never been taken in execution; any aft, fbtafc or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

The prisoner VII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authori-taking a fali'e ty aforefaid, That if at any time after the taking or the (aid oath, Ay11* bc tne said prisoner or prisoners lhall upon any mdi&ment or in-

fndi&ed of perjury

diftments, or by his or their own confefiion or verdift of twelve men, be convifted of falfe fwearing, in any point or article contained in the said oath, 'as he or they lhall or may be, by force of this aft; then fuch prisoner or prisoners fo convifted as aforefaid, (hall fuffer all fuch pains and forfeitures as by the fbrua of quinto of Queen Elizabeth^ are to be inflifted upon any person convifted of wilful perjury: (2) And alfo the court, by pro-cefs out of which the said prisoner was imprifoned, (hall award A new execu- a ^aP^as  fati faciendum infinite,  or other procefs, directed ©

tion to be a. "* any (heriff or (heriffs, for the apprehending of the said prifoner, warded against and upon return of Cepi Corpus, (hall remand the laid prisoner him*  into  the  prifon  whence  he or (he was difmiffed, there to remain

in execution, in fuch manner and condition as he or Ihe waste-fore his or her said enlargement; (3) and then, and from thenceforth, be or (he (hall be adjudged to be in execution fully, as if

he

 * 

l<*7°0 A1100 viccfimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. c.20.  371

be or Ihehad never been' difeharged thereof: And the execution and executions upon his or her lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods and chattels, if any fuch happen to be, after his or her said difeharge out of prifon, and before he or (he (hall be remanded, (hall (land alfo good and effe&ual in law; any a£t, ftatute, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.  Provided, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, n0 officer

That in cafe any (heriff, gaoler or keeper of prifon, (hall re- (hall delay to fufe or delay to bring, or difeharge, or fet at liberty any pri- bring any prisoner according to the order of the juft ice or juftices to be made f°“*r a in manner as aforefaid; every fuch (heriff, gaoler, or keeper of 0 1 e prifon, (hall forfeit and pay to fuch prisoner detained contrary The penalty, to fuch order, the fum of one hundred pounds, to be recover- 30Car.*.ft. 1, cd by a<5hon of debt in any court of record, and (hall be alfo c- +•  7*

(ubjedfc to any fine and puniftunent, as the laid juftices (hall

order or award.

IX. And whereas it is found by common experience, That fuch per-  (heriff, bai-fon or persons that are under arrefls or committed to the cuflody of liff or other Sheriff's, bailiffs, gaolerx, keepers of prifons or gaolsy are much abujed officer, (hall and wronged by extorting of great fees, rewards and other exactions, Jarr3r anX Per* and put to great expenses under pretences of favour or otherwife, t°vern*ate-whereby they are greatly opprejjed, and many times ruined in their houfe/&c. or e/iates : (2) for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the authority call for any aforefaid. That if any undcr-lheriff, bailiff, ferjeant at mace or w?n* or pther officer or minifter whatfoever, (hall at any time or times c^nfcnti hereafter have in his or their cuftody any person or persons by

virtue or colour of any writ, procefs or other warrant whatfoever, it (hall not be lawful for fuch officer or officers to convey or carry, or caufe to be conveyed or carryed, the said person or persons to any tavern, alehoufe or o^her publick victualling or drinking houfe, without the free and voluntary confent of the said person or perfons, fo as to charge fuch prisoner with any fum or money for any wine, beer, ale, victuals, tobacco or any other things whatfoever, but what the (aid person or persons /hail call for of his, her or their own accord: (3) and (hall not Nor <fcroand demand, take or receive, or caufe to be demanded, taken or or receive ' received, direCtly or indirectly, any other or greater fum or greater fum fums than what by law ought to be taken or demanded for fuch [han wbat arreft, taking or waiting; (until fuch person or persons fhall b^takfnVS have procured an appearance, found bail, agreed with his or waiting, their adverfaries, or be fent to the proper gaol belonging to the county, city, town or place, where fuch arreft or taking (hall be) (4) nor take and exaCt any other reward or gratuity for fo keeping the (aid person or persons out of the gaol or prifon, than what he, (he or they (hall or will of his, her or their own accord voluntarily and freely give; (5) nor take nor receive any other or greater sum or sums for each night’s lodging or other expences, than what is reafonable and fitting in fuch cafes, or (hall be fo adjudged by the next juftice of the peace or at the next quarter-femons ; (6) and (hall not caufe or procure the laid person or persons to pay for any other wine, beec,

Bba  4  ale.

372 Anno viccfimo secundo & tertio CAjiolI n. C.20. [167CU

ale, vi&uals, tobacco or other things, than what the laid per* Ion or persons (hall voluntarily, particularly and freely call for.

X. And that every under-meriff, gaoler, keeper of prifon or gaol, and every perion or persons whatfoever, to whofe cuftody any person or persons (hall be ddivered or committed, by

That all <he-riflfs, gaolers, &c. (hall per-

food where they plcafe j

the demand any rreater fee for their commitment Or difeharge than what is Allowable.

That inquiry

foners to £nd virtue of any writ or procefs, or any pretence whatfoever, (hall for necefliuy permit and fuflfer the said person or persons at his and their will and pleafure to fend for and have any beer, ale, vidhials and other neceflary food, where and from whence they pleafe; 2s alfo to have and use fuch bedding, linen and other things, as the laid person or persons (hall think fit, without any purloining, detaining or paying for the fame or any part thereof; nor (hall demand, take or receive of the said person or persons any other or greater fee or fees whatfoever, for his, her or their commitment, rtleafe or difeharge, for his, her or their chamber* rent, than what is allowable by law, until the fame fame fhaO be fettled by three juftices of the peace, whereof one to be of the quorum, of each particular county, city and town corporate m their feveral precindls; and for the city of London and counties of ATiddlefex and Surrey, the two lord chief juftices of the King’s bench and common pleas, and the lord chief baron, or any two of them, and the juftices of the peace of the fame in their feveral jurifdi&ions.

XI. And likewife that the said lord chief juftices, lord chief lu^d*c*mto  and  juftices  of the peace in their feveral iurifdidbons,

given far the an<* commiflioners for charitable ufes, do tneir beft en-benefit of poor deavours and diligence to examine and find out the feveral le-priibners. ^ gacies, gifts and bequefts bellowed and given for the benefit and advantage of the poor prisoners for debt, in the (evenri gaols and prifons in this kingdom, and to fend for any deeds, wills, writings and books of accounts whatfoever, and any person or persons concerned therein, and to examine them upon oath, to make true difeovery thereof (which they have full power and authority hereby to do) and the fame fo found out and afeertained, to order and fettle in feme manner and way, that the prisoners hereafter may not be defrauded, but re* ceive the full benefit thereof, according to the true intent of thf donors.

That tWe rates XII. And that thefe accounts of the feveral legacies, gifts of fees, and v and bequefts given and bellowed upon the feveral prisoners for ofVrifonsbe debt w*t^lin this kindom, and the feveral fates of fees and figned by the the future government of prifons, be figned and confirmed by lord chief ju- <the lord chief juftices and lord chief baron, or any two of ftices, &c. and them for the time being, and the juftices of the peace in Londm, everg J*aol Miidkfex and Surrey, and by the judges for the feveral circuits, fairly written. anc* juftices of the peace for the time being in their feveral pre-cindls, and fairly written and hung up in a table in every gaol and prifon, before the first day of November one thouiand fix hundred feventy and one, and likewife be regillred by each and every clerk of the peace within his or their particular jurifdj&iQn : and after fuch eftabfilhmtnt no other or greater

fee

670,3  Anno vicefimo secundo & tertioCAROLi II. c.21,22. 373

ee or fees than (hall be fo eftablilhed, (hall be demanded or eceived.

' XIII. And whereas it is become the common practice of gaolers Felons and md keepers ^Newgate, /Ztf .Gatehoufe at Weftminfter andfundry Prl^oners for tber gaols and prifons, to lodge together in one room or chamber and i^^dtoge->ed9 prisoners for debt and felons, whereby many times honeji gentle- ther. neny tradefmen and others, prisoners for debt, are difturbed and bindred in the night-time from their natural rejl, by reafon of their retters and irons, and otherwife much offended and troubled by their ewd and prophane language and difcourfes, with mojl horrid ctcrftng md ftvearing much accujlomed to jicch perfons); (2) be it enaded >y the authority aforefaid, That it (hall not be lawful hereafter For any (heriff, gaoler or keeper of any gaol or prifon, to put, keep or lodge prisoners for debt ana felons together in one room or chamber $ but that they (hall be put, kept and lodged feparate and apart one from another in diftind rooms; (3) * Ed. 3, flat, upon pain that he, (he or they which (hall offend against this * c* 7# ad, or the true intent and meaning thereof or any part thereof, The forfeiture fhall forfeit and lofe his or her office, place or employment, and for offending lhall forfeit treble damages to the party grieved, to be re- against tbip covered by virtue of this ad; any law, ftatute, ufage or cuftom to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. 30 Car. 2.

CAP. XXL (n.)

An ad for taking the accounts of fixty thoufand pounds,^and other monies given to the loyal and indigent officers.

CAP. XXII. (18.) rAn act for the better and more certain recovery of fines and forfeitures due to bis Majesty.

WHEREAS by diversJlatutes in old time madey it was provided*, That the ejlreats of fines, [flues, amerciaments and other forfeitures should be certified and delivered into the exchequer yearly, and that from thence the eftreats of the fummons should go forth through all Jbires for the levying thereof: (2) fsnce the making of which laws many are the abufes and mifchiefs arifen andpraflifed% not only By the not timely certifying and ejlreating the said fines and forfeitures, but alfo by the finfier pra&ice amongfl officers, in /paring, difcharging and not certifying atoll, or if they do certify, yet by mifcertifying and efireating the said fines and forfeitures in and into the said court of exchequer :

II. For remedy whereof, and mifcfiiefs of the like kind, begins,*, -^ft-it enaded and ordained by the King’s mod excellent Majesty, fines, iflues^ by and with the advice and Confedt of the lords fpiritual and amerciaments, temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament af-reooSnJ1zan* fembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from hence- forfeitures ** forth all fines, poft-fines, iuues, amerciaments, forfeited re- forfeited in cognizances, fum and fums of money paid or to be paid in lieu the King's or fatisfadion of them or any of them, and4 all other forfeitures bencb, or whatfoever, which already are or hereafter (hall be fet, impofed, beUc?°tQ be loft or forfeited, in his Mifiefty’s courts of King’s bench, com-certified twice TttQn bench or exchequer, (hall be certified and eftreated in and everyyearinto

B b 3  into  the exchequer.

into the said court of exchequer, twice in every year yearly {that is to fay) all fines, port-fines, ifiiies, amerciaments, forfeited recognizances, fum and fums of money paid or to be paid in lieu or fatisfa&ion of them or any of them, and all other forfeitures whatfoever arifing in any of the said courts, from

Hillary-term.

Trinity-term,

the beginning of every Hillary-term in every year to the beginning of every Trinity-term in e\

A laving out of this aft.

every year, (hall be and are hereby ordained to be certified and eftreated in and into the (aid court of exchequer, the last day of every Trinity-term in every year.

III.  And all fines, poft-fines, iffues, amerciaments, forfeited recognizances, fum and fums of money paid and to be paid in lieu or fatisfaftion of them or any of them, and all other forfeitures whatfoever arifing in any of the said courts, from the beginning of every Trinity-term in every year to the beginning of every Hillary-term in every year, (hall be in like manner certified and eftreated in and into the said court of exchequer, the (aid last day of every Hillary-term in every year $ (2) on pain that every officer and miniftcr of or belonging to the said courts or any of them, to whom it doth, ought or (hall belong or appertain, to make certificate or eftreat of any of the said fines or forfeitures, making default or offending therein, to forfeit and pay fifty pounds for every fuch default or failure that (hall be made in

The penalty, certifying and eftreating as aforefaid \ the one moiety to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch person or persons that (hall or will fue for the fame in any court of record by aftion of debt, bill or information, wherein no wager of law, efloin or proteftion (hall be allowed,

IV.  Provided always, That nothing in this a<ft contained (hall alter or change tne courfe now uled in the certifying and eftreating of iffues from the said court of common bench, nor of fines pro licentia concordandi, commonly called poft-fines, being termly certified and eftreated into the said court of exchequer, nor the termly eftreating of iffues certified out of the office of pleas belonging to the said court of exchequer, to the clerk of the eftreats there.

V.  And be it further enafted and ordained by the authority aforefaid, That all fines, iffues, amerciaments, forfeited re-cognizances, fum and fums of money paid or to be paid

iizef derks of in lieu or fatisfaftion of them or any ot them, and all other the market, or forfeitures whatfoever, which already are or hereafter (hall be impofed, loft or forfeited, by or before any judge or judges of aflize, clerk of the market or commiffioners of (ewers throughout the kingdom of England, (hall be and are hereby ordained to be certified and eftreated into the said court of exchequer twice in every year yearly, (that is to fay) all fines, iffues, amerciaments, forfeited recognizances, fum and fums of money paid or to be paid in lieu or fatisfaftion of them or any of them, arifing or happening in any of the said courts last mentioned, or before any judge or judges of the fame, from the feaft of St. Michael the archangel in every year, to the feaft of Eafter in every year, (hall be certified ana eftreated in and into

the

All fines and forfeitures. See. before judges of af-

of fewers, to be in like manner certified*

The time when.

Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. c.22.  375

the said court of exchequer, before the first day of Trinity-term in every year.

VI.  And all fines, iffues, amerciaments, forfeited recognizances, fum and Turns of money paid or to be paid in lieu 'or fatisfaftion of them or any of them, arifing or happening in any of the said courts lad mentioned, from the said feaft of Eafter in every year to the said feaft of St. Michatl the archangel in every year, (hall be certified and eftreated into the said court of exchequer before the first day of Hillary-term in every year; (2) on pain that every fuch person and persons to whom it doth, ought or (hall belong or appertain to make certificate

or eftreats of the said fines or forfeitures, making default here- Forfeiture, in, to forfeit and pay fifty pounds for every fuch default or failure  1

that (hall be made m certifying and eftreating as aforefaid; the one moiety to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch person or persons that (hall or will fue for the fame in any court of record by aCtion of debt, bill or information, wherein no wager of law, effoin or protection (hall be allowed.

VII.  And be it further enaCted and ordained by the autho- All clerks of rity aforefaid. That all and every the clerk and clerks of the the peace, and peace, and all town-clerks and every of them within the king- town-clerks, dom of England, do and (hall make and deliver to the (heriff

or (heriffs of the cotinty, city or town corporate, where the fcheduleof all feflions of the peace is or (hall be kept, within twenty days fines, &c. after the nine and twentieth day of September in every year yearly, a true or perfect eftreat or fchedule of all fines, iffues, amerciaments, forfeited recognizances, fum and fums of money and other forfeitures whatfoever, that are or (hall happen to be impofed, fet, loft or forfeited in any of the said felfions of the peace rcfpe&ively, which (hall be held before Michaelmas, by or upon any person or persons whatfoever, due to his Majesty;

Vin. And alfo do and (hall yearly and every year, on or be- And return a fore the fecond Monday after the morrow ot All Soulsy make duplicate into and deliver into the said court of exchequer, a true and perfect the exchequer, duplicate, certificate and eftreat of all fuch eftreats and fchedules fo delivered to the refpeCtive (heriffs as aforefaid. That fo the refpeCtive (heriffs on their appofals in the said court of exchequer, may be charged with the monies levied and received by him or them relpedtively, upon fuch fchedules delivered as aforefaid; (2) on pain that every fuch person and per-The penalty; Tons offending herein, for every fuch default or failure made, to forfeit and pay fifty pounds; the one moiety to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch person or persons that (hall 6r will fue for the fame, to be recovered in any court of record, by aCtion of debt, bill or information, wherein no efioin, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed,

IX.  And be it further enaCted and ordained by the authority aji persons aforefaid, That no officer or minifter of or belonging to any whatfoever gf his Majesty’s courts of King’s bench, common bench, or (hall not ™th-7  Bb*  exchequer,  holdb»»teftrt«t

into the exchequer.

all fines, &c. exchequer, nor any clerk of aflize, clerk of the peace, town-clerk* nor any officer or minifter under them, or any of them, nor other person or persons what foe ver, do or (hall fpare, take off, difeharge, or wittingly or willingly conceal any indictment, fine, poft-fine, iflue, amerciament, forfeited recognizance or other forfeiture whatfoever, exhibited, fet, impofed, loft or forfeited, or to be exhibited, fet, impofed, loft or forfeited in any the said courts before-mentioned, or before any judge or judges of or belonging to the fame, or any sum or sums of money paid or to be paid to any officer or officers in lieu or fatisfaCtion of any fine or forfeiture, unlefs it be by rule or order in court where fuch indictment, fine, poft-fine, iflue, amerciament, forfeited recognizance or other forfeiture, is or (hall be exhibited, fet, impofed, loft or forfeited ; (2) nor (hall any of the said officers or mini-fters aforefaid, or any of them, or any other, wittingly or willingly mifeertify or eftreat in or into the said court of exchequer, any fine, poft-fine, iflue, amerciament, forfeited recognizance or other forfeiture whatfoever, whereby the proeds of tlie said court of exchequer for the levying of the fame may be made invalid and of none effeCt; (3) but every fuch officer and officers, and all and every other person and persons offending herein, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay treble the value of fuch fine, poft-fine, iflue, amerciament, forfeited recognizance, fum and fums of money, and other forfeiture fo fpared, taken off, discharged, concealed, not certified, or eftreated, or mifeertified or eftreated as aforefaid $ th^. one moiety thereof ^  to  the use and behoof of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors,

i.c.15. an(j tjie other moiety to fuch person or persons as (hall or will *fue for the fame in any court jof record, by aCtion of debt, bill or information, wherein no wager of law, effoin or protection lhall be allowed ; and alfo (hall lofe his and their office and place and be for ever incapable to be imployed in any office or place where any part of his Majesty’s revenue is to be managed or paid.

X.  And laftly, be it enaCted and ordained by the authority aforefaid, That where any fine or fines, fum or foms of money, or other forfeitures due to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, (hall from henceforth at any time or times be paid to any fheriff, clerk of aflize, clerk of the peace, or other officer or minifter whatfoever belonging to any court or courts, and be according to the intent ancf directions of this act certified and eftreated in or into the said court of exchequer; there and in fuch cafe the fummons or procefs of the green-wax (hall go forth and be awarded to the refpeCtive fheriffs against fuch officer and officers, and other persons to whom fuch fine or fines, sum or sums of money, or other forfeiture is or (hall be fo paid, for the levying and receiving of the fame, that fo it may appear when, to whom, and how fuch monies are received, anfwered and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors j any cuftom pr ufage fo the contrary notwithftanding.

XI. Pi*-

Penalty en-farmed by

Upon all certificates and eltreats, the

Sreen-wax tall go forth for the levying the fame.

670.] Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. c.23,24; 37?

XI.  Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority A faving of all forcfaid. That nothing in this adt contained mall in any fort

xtend, or be construed to extend, to the prejudicing of the* ights and privileges of any bodies politick or corporate, or their ucceflbrs, or of any lord or lords of any manor, liberty or fran-:hife whatfoever; any thing herein to the contrary thereof in my wife notwithstanding.

XII.  Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority a faving to-aforefaid. That nothing in this adt contained (hall extend to or the city of be any ways prejudicial to the rights, cuftoms, privileges, liber-

ties, charter or charters of the city of London ; but that the said city may enjoy the fame accordingly, as they formerly have enjoyed the fame, in all refpedts, and to all intents and pur-pofes whatfoever, in the fame manner and form as they before this adt had enjoyed the fame; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XIII.  And be it further enadted by the audiority aforefaid. How long to That this adt (hall continue for three yyars, and from thence continue, until the end of the next fefIion of parliament and no longer.

Made perpetual by 4 faf  M.  c.i\.f 4.

CAP. XXIII. (19)

An act to revive an aft, intituled, An aB to prevent the difturbances offeamtn EXP. and others, and to preserve the flares belonging to bis Majefy's navy royal, with fome alterations and additions.

Recital of the adt made 10 Car. *. c. 7. No person (hall imbezil any of 19 Car. a. C. his Majesty’s naval goods, victuals, See. Power to adminifter an oath.

Penalty, rower to enter any (hip in the day time, and fearrh for (tolen goods. No person (hall perfonate any feaman, (oldier or labourer, &c. in the prefence of any of his Majesty’s commiffioners or pay-raafter, in order to the receiving any money due to the feamen, &c. The punifliment.

None (hall counterfeit the hands of the treafurer. See. of the navy ; nor produce a counterfeit ticket. The penalty. Power given to adminiiter an oath. A general liberty given to execute their power. But five (hillings to be paid for the probate of any will, or granting letters of admimfiration of the eftate of any person dying in the pay of his Majesty’s navy, except the eftate exceed sol. Penalty. The a& of is Car. s. c. 5. confirmed. No offender xgainft this adt mall be twice puni(hed.

Shall continue feven years, Sec. Continued by 4 & 5 W. & M. c. 14. f. S. forfeven j ears> from February 1691. by 11 & 11 Will. 3. c* 13. continued for feven years from the 19 Sept. 1700. and from thence to the end of the nejft feffion of parliament.

CAP. XXIV. (16.)

fin aft for vefting certain fee farm rents, and other small rents in trujlees.

'ITyTHEREAS his Mojcfly* inpurfuame of a late at7, intituled, An  Car. s. c. I.

v V adt for advancing the (ale of fee-farm rents, and other Tents, hath by Jeveral letters patents (one bearing date the thirteenth day of June fa the two and twentieth year of his reign, and the other bearing date the eleventh day ^ November in the two and twentieth % fear of his reign) granted and conveyed diversfee farm rents, and other rents, unto Francis lord Hawley, Sir Charles Harbord knt. Sir William Haward knt. Sir John Talbot knt. Sir Robert Steward knt.

378 Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio Caroli IIf c.24. [1670-

knt. and William Harbord efq\ and their heirs, as truftees far fale

thereof mojt of which rents are of the yearly value of forty JbilHng: per annum, and upwards ;

II.  And whereas there are yet remaining very many small rants left out of the said letters patents^ which were intended by the /aid a& to be fold and conveyed away9 the collettion of which small rents is very chargeable to his Majehy9 and very troublefome to the fubjebf9 by means of under fteriffsy bailiffs and meffengers neceffarily impbyed therein $ (2 ) and yet if the said small rents ftmld be conveyed by letters patents to trufiees for fale thereof the said letters patents would be cf extraordinary lengthy and require a multitude of recitals of many small fumsy which befide the charge in writings would alfo be an occafis* of great hindrance and delay to his Majejlys fervid: (3) be it therefore enalted by the King's mod excellent majefly, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority thereof. That all fee-farm rents, rents-fcrvice, rents-feck or dry-rents, chauntry-rents, guild-rents, caftle-guard rents, and other rents, within the furvey of the exchequer, or duchy of Lancajler9 due and payable to his Nfajefty9 his heirs and fucceflors, in pofleflion, reverfion or remainder (other than fuch rents and fums of money as are (pe-cially faved and excepted out of the (aid ad) be and are hereby veiled and fettled in the laid Francis lord Hawley3 Sir Charles Harbord* Sir William Howard, Sir John Talboty Sir Robert Stewart, and William Harbordy and their heirs, as fully and ab~ folutely to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if the fame had been particularly granted unto them by letters patents by virtue of the said alt, and in fuch manner as is hereby dire&ed in that behalf; (4) and the said rents hereby vefted in the laid truftees, (hall be by them conveyed and difpofed according to the direltions and inftrultions mentioned in the said alt, to any person or perlbns, bodies politick or corporate, who (hall defire to purchase the fame rents, or any of them, upon a par-, ticular or certificate thereof made by the auditor or other officer of record, before whom the fame do or (hall (land in charge refpeltively, which conveyance of the said truftees, and the furvivors and furvivor of them, (hall be as good and efFe&ual in law to all intents and purpofes, as if the rents fo conveyed had been particularly, immediately, and well and fufficiently

{panted by his Majesty under the great feal of England, or the eal of the duchy or county palatine of Lancajler.

All purebafers III. And for the better fecurity and fatisfaltion of the pur-ot  chafers of any of the said rents; (2) be it enalted by the autho-

kept* harralefs rity aforefaid, That all and every person or perfons, bodies po-from all in- Htick and corporate, their heirs lucceflors and aftigns, who have cumbrances already been, or hereafter (hall become, purchafer or purchafers made by the 0f any 0fthe ftid rents granted by the said recited letters patents, ^brents or menti°ned or intended to be vefted in or conveyed by thefe , bviu to be ’de- prefents to the said truftees, (hall quietly hold and enjoy the firibed in deeds fame, according to their feveral and refpcltiye pqrchafes, and

9nd fleadings.

 (^.ooQle

1670.] Anno viccfimo fecundo&tertioCAROLi II. C.24.  379

[hajl be and are hereby faved and indemnified, and kept harm- 10 Ann. c. if. lefs of and from all and all manner of incumbrance^ whatfoever ** heretofore had, made or done, or hereafter to be had made or done, by the said truftees or any of them, to charge or incumber the said rents with any incumbrances whatfoever.

IV.  Provided always, and it it the true intent and meaning The receivers of thefe prefents. That until fale (hall be made of the said feveral general may rents by the truftees afore-mentioned, or the furvivors or fur- *5*®!**the? vivor of them, their heirs executors or adminiftrators. That thetu made* receiver or receivers general of his Majesty’s revenue (hall and

may receive, colled and gather the fame and every part thereof, as fully to all intents and purpofes as if the laid letters patents or this prefent ad had not been made.

V.  And laftly, be it enaded. That all fuch persons as (hall Advantages purchase any of the said rents by virtue of this ad, (hall have allowed to and enjoy all the benefits and advantages given or allowed to purchafers. purchafers by the said former ad; and the (hewing of the printed xbe copies of this and the said former ad, and of me conveyance cf tbit ad and made by the said truftees, and enrolled according to the di-deed (hall be a redion of the said former ad, (hall be fufficient evidence in any good evidence court of juftice, to entitle the purchafer and purchafers, their jg,

heirs and afligns, to any rent by him, her or them purchafed, * and contained in fuch conveyance, without any further proof or evidence in that behalf.

VI.  Provided, That no tenant in tail of any the said rents No tenant in

(hall be' enabled by this ad to fuffer any recovery or do any other tail of any of ad or deed to bar the remainder, hereby veiled in the said tru-  1  ents*

dees and their heirs, nor (hall fuch tenant in tail have any other r^OVer>Tobjur or greater power over the said rent than he had before the paffing the remainder, of this ad; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.  And be it further enaded, That the said truftees and the The truftees furvivors and furvivor of them, conveying and difpofing of the dulyexecuting said rents according to fuch contrads and agreements as (hall

be figned by the lord treafurer of England and chancellor of the Jifc’harged exchequer, or the lords commiffioners of his Majesty’s treafury against his for the time being, purfuant to the laid former or this prefent Majtfty, &c, ad, and the heirs, executors or adminiftrators* of the said truftees, (hall be for fo doing and are hereby freed and difeharged against his Majesty, his heirs and fucceifors for ever.

VIII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, All purchafers

That every purchafer of any of the rents and premifles by may ma.k® * the intent of this or any former ad fold or appointed to be fold,  *

their heirs and afligns, and all person and perfons, their heirs faying that executors, adminiftrators and afligns, claiming by, ficom or the truftees under fuch purchafer or purchafers, may fue for, make avowry .wejLe ^zed -juftification or conuzance, as the cafe (nail require, for fuch

rent or rents, and premifles, and arrears thereof, without letting them, forth how his Majesty or his progenitors became entitled to fuch rents or other the premifles, or fetting forth or producing in court

any  /

$to Anno viccfimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. 0,25!

' any letters patents or other matter, whereby fuch rents or premif-fes had commencement, or the (aid letters patents whereby the premises were granted or intended to be granted to the laid Francis lord Hawley 9 Sir Charles Harbord9 Sir William Howard Sir John Talbot, Sir Robert Stewart and William Harbord; (2) but it (hall be fufficient in every fuch fuit, avowry, conuzanct Or juftification, where occalion (hall be to fet forth the title of fuch purchafer, to declare or alledge, that the said Fronds lord Hawley, Sir Charles Harbord, Sir William Howard, Sir John TaU j botj Sir Robert Stewart and William Harbord were feifed in fee, I Or in demefhe as of fee, of fuch rent or premifles, in pofleffion or reverfion, as the cafe requires, and fo feifed granted the fame.

Liberty given IX. Whereas many of the rents vefted in the said truftees by the SePwrds ex^twc Paients herein before mentioned, are either mifrecked, or not fi ] prefl^in\he fu^J an& particularly etprejfed, as may be reasonably defired by feme j letters pa- purchafers: (2) be it therefore further enafted by the authority tents, the au- afore (a id, That the (aid truftees, and the furvivor and furvivoo j ditors certjfi- 0f them, and the heirs of fuch furvivors, (hall and may convey 1 from,theranWt^le ^ rcnts or any °f them to the refpeftive purchafers, either I orowu. by the words exprefled in the said letters patents, or by particu- !

lars to be made out by the refpeftive auditors, or by the original grants from the crown, wherein those rents are referred, as the laid truftees (hall find moft convenient for the fatisfa&ion of ' A faring to the said purchafers 5 (2) laving unto the Queen’s majefty all the (^een’s fuch right, title, intereft, pofleffion or eftate, as her Majesty had, lurrights he. or stiight have, or of right ought to have had, in or un-* 1  * to the rents hereby vefted, or any of them, as fully and amply

as her Majesty (hould or might have had before this prefent aft, and as if this aft had never been had or made; any thing here* in before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXV. (17.)

An act for the better prefervation of the game, and far feaer-ing warrens not inclofed, and the feveral fijhings of this

w% R.». ft at. 1. rtahn. c. 13.

19 H. 7. c. 11. ^I)t/HEREAS divers diforderfy perfons, laying aftde their lawful yi H. %\ c. s. VV trades and employments, do betake themfehes to the fleakng%

5  El. c. si. taking and killing of conies, hares, pheafants, partridges and other *1 El. c. 10. game intended to be preferved by former laws, with guns, dogs9 tra-1 lac. V. c 1hays and other nets, fnares9 hare-pipes and other ex-13Car.ft.ftatX.i**1*5* t0 the great damage of this realm, and prejudice of noblemen, c. 10.  gentlemen and lords of manors and others, owners of warrens :

Who may ap- For remecty thereof, be it enafted by the King’s moft excek point game- lent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi«r keepers, ritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all lords of manors, or other royalties, not under the degree of an efquire, may from henceforth by writing under their hands and feals authorize one or more game-keeper or game-keepers within their refpeftive

manors

 VjOOQlC

o-3 Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. c.25.  381

iors or royalties, who being thereunto fo authorized* may What fuch : and feize all fuch guns, bows, greyhounds, fetting-dogs, tiers, or other dogs to kill hares or conies, ferrets, tramels, y bels, hays or other nets, hare-pipes, fnares or other engines, the taking and killing of conies, hares, pheafants, partrid-or other game, as within the precinfts of fuch rcfpeftive ma-s fhall be ufed by any person or persons who by this aft are hibited to keep or use the fame: (2) and moreover. That the i game-keeper or game-keepers, or any other person or per-s being thereunto authorized by warrant under the hand and of any juftice of the peace of the fame county, divifion or ce, may in the day-time fearch the houfes, out-houfes or Power to ler places of any fuch person or persons by this aft prohibited fwch houfes, keep or use the fame, as upon good ground fhall be fufpeft-to have or keep in his or their cuflody any guns, bows, grey-unds, fetting-dogs, ferrets, coney-dogs, or other dogs to de-yy hares or conies, hays, tramels or other nets, lowbels, hare->es, fnares or other engines aforefaid, and the fame and eve-or any of them to feize, detain and keep, to and for the use the lord of the manor or royalty where the fame fhall be found or taken, or otherwife to cut in pieces or deftroy, aa ings by this aft prohibited to be kept by persons of their

wee.

III.  And it is hereby enafted and declared, That all and eve- jyhat persons person and persons not having lands and tenements, or fome are prohibited her eftate of inheritance, in his own or his wife’s right, of the thc keeping ot ear yearly value of one hundredpounds per annum, or for term ^W8» f life, or having leafe or lcafes ot ninety-nine years, or for any 5^Jd. 307. >nger term, of the clear yearly value of one hundred and fifty x Salk. si*, ounds, other than the fon and heir apparent of an efquire, or ther person of higher degree, and the owners and keepers' of orells, parks, chafes or warrens, being flocked with deer or onies for their neceflary ufe, in refpeft of the said forefls, parks, hafes or warrens, are hereby declared tQ be persons by the laws >f this realm not allowed to have or keep for themfelves, or any fther person or perfons, any guns, bows, greyhounds, fetting-logs, ferrets, coney-dogs, lurchers, hays, nets, lowbels, hare-ripes, gins, fnares, or other engines aforefaid ; but fhall be md are hereby prohibited to have, keep or use the fame.

IV.  And forajmuch as divers warrens and grounds not inclofed, are No person (hall ufed for the breeding and keeping of conies in feveral parts of this conici m a kingdom, and thatfundry dijfolute and diforderly*perfons have been ^lofeik0t much encouraged to kill and defray the conies in fuch warrens and grounds not inclofed in the night-time, for that the fame is not prohibited* or punifhable by the fatutes in that behalf made and provided, which extend only to the feating and killing of conies in warrens or grounds inclofed : (2) for remedy thereof, be it enafted and declared, That if any person or persons (hall at any time enter wrongfully into any warren or ground lawfully ufed or kept for the breeding or keeping of conies (although the f^me be not inclofed) and there 4hali chafe, take or kill any conies agalnft the

w«

Anno vicefimo secundo & terrio Caroli II. C.25. fiH

will of the owner or occupier thereof, not having lawful tide « authority fo to do, and (hall be thereof lawfully convidkd 4 manner hereafter following, the parties fo offending fliall y&i to the party grieved treble damages and cofts, and suffer imps, fonment by the fpace of three months and after, till they lb*1 find fureties for their good abearing.

No person (hall V. And forafmuch as divers idle and diforderly persons Irving in the night unto warrens, have of late time ufed to kill and take tie anus upe\

Forfeiture.

kill any conies the borders of the fame, and under colour thereof do eft-time enter in-on theborders ^ r-j ___________*  Lj  _ j  • ». .*

of any warren'to  fa** barrens,  and there take and kill conies in the night-ties^

except the * when they cannot eafiby be difeovered: (2) it is further provided and

owner of the ground.

enadlcd, That no perlbn or persons fliall at any time hereafter kill or take in the night-time, any conies upon the borders d any warrens, or other grounds lawfully ufed for the breeding x keeping of conies; excepting only fuch person or persons u (hall be owner of the foil, or lawful occupier or pofiefibr of tie

ground, or any person or persons imployed by him, her or thea, (hall be fo killed or taken; (3)

I mpri fonment.

whereupon fuch conies mall be tb killed or taken; (3J upon paa The penalty, that every person fo offending and being thereof lawfully c00-vidted in manner hereafter following, (hall give the party or parties injured fuch recompence or fatisfadtion for his or their damages, and within fuch time, as (hall be appointed by the ju-fticc before whom fuch offender (hall be convicted, and over and above pay down prqfently unto the overfeers for theuie of the poor of the pari(h where fuch offence (hall be committed, fuch fum of money not exceeding ten (hillings, as the said jnfticc (hall think meet: (4) and if fuch offender or offenders do nc: make recompence or fatisfcdtion to the said party or parties injured, and alfo pay the said fum to the poor in manner and form aforefaid, then the said juftice (hall commit the said offender or offenders to the house of correction for fitch time as the (aid jo-(lice (hall think fit, not exceeding one month.

No person (hall VI. And whereas divers idle and diforderly persons have $fkr killjor fet time ^ken UP a P^llice *0 Itske a*d kill, hares and conies with pm:, fnares for  barc-pipes and other engines, in or near woods, warrens or stba

hares, &c.  places; (2) it is hereby further enadted and declared by the au-

thority aforefaid. That if any person or persons from and after the first day of May which (hall be in the year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred Seventy and one, (hall be found or apprehended fetting or ufing any fnares, hare-pipes or other like engines, and (hall be thereof convidted in manner following; The penalty, the person or persons fo offending (hall be liable to the penalties in the immediate foregoing claufe of this adt in manner as a-forefaid.

Noperfon (hall VII. And whereas divers idle, diforderly and mean persons it fm fi(h in the time to time betake themfelves to the flealing, taking and killing ;f jp pond of any cut of ponds, pools, motes, flews and other feveral waters and rhm, person with- tQ fa great damage of the owners thereof: (2) be it therefore far-rent, withn'et.thCTr ena<*ed bY the authority aforefaid. That if any  or

or other en- persons from and after the hrft day of May which (hall beintte ^jncs,  year of our Lord God one thoufand fix hundred feventy and one,

m

ti>70.] Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio CaRoli II. C.25.  3^3

(hall at any time use any cafting^net, thief-net, drag-net, tra-tnel, lhove-net or other net whatfoever, or any angle, hair, tioofe, troll or fpear, or fhall lay any wears, pots, nets. Mi-hooks or other engines, or (hall take any fifh by any means or device whatfoever, in any river, flew, pond, mote or other water as aforefaid, or (hall be aiding or allifting thereunto, with** out the licence or confent of the lord or owner of the said water, and be thereof, or pf any other the offence or offences mentioned in this ad, convidt by confeflion of the offender or by oath of one fufficient witnefs within one month after the offence committed, before any juftice of the peace of fuch county, rid* ing, divifion or place wherein fuch offence as aforefaid (nail be committed, which oath the laid juftice of peace is hereby im-powered to adminifter: every fuch offender or*offenders it* dealing, taking or killing fifh, (hall for every fuch .offence give to the party or parties injured, fuch recompence or fatisfa&ion for his or their damages, and within fuch time, as the said juftice (hall appoint, not exceeding treble damages; (3) and over xbe penalty, and above, pay down prefently unto the overleers for the use of the poor where the said offence fhall be committed, fuch fum of money not exceeding ten fhillings, as the said juftice fhall To ^ lcv;cd think meet: (4) and in default of payment as aforefaid, the by diftrefs. fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice before whom the offender fhall be coAvi&ed, rendring the overplus if any be; (5) and for want of diftrefs the offender or offenders fhall be committed to the house of correction for fuch time as the juftice fhall think fit, not exceeding one month ; unlefs the party offending fhall enter into bond with one competent furety or fure-ties to the partv injured, not exceeding the fum of ten pounds, never to offend in like manner.

VIII.  And be it further enadted, That it fhall and may be juftiCCof the lawful for every juftice of peace before whom fuch offender as peace may cut trforetaid fhall be convidt, to take, cut in pieces and deftroy all the nets, and every fuch angles, fpears, hairs, noofes, trolls, wears, pot9, tifti-hooks, nets or other engines whatfoever, wherewith fuch

offender as aforefaid fhall be taken or apprehended.

IX.  Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the autho- The party rity aforefaid. That if any person or persons fhall find him or grieved may or themfelves agrieved by any judgment which fhall happen to appeal to the be given by any juftice of the peace by virtue of this adl, it fhall ?^rtcr~ ana may be lawful for fuch person or persons fo agrieved, to ap- c 011*' peal unto the juft ices of peace in their general quarter-fellions

which fhall happen to be held next after fuch judgment given : who or the greater number of them are hereby authorized and impowered to give fuch relief and make fuch order therein, as fhall be agreeable to the tenor of this a<ft ; (2) and fuch judgment, order or determination, as by the said juft ices fhall be made upon the said appeal, (hall be final to all intents and pur-pofes whatfoever, if no title to any land, royalty or fifhery be therein concerned,

X.  PrO-

And foreft laws.

Hufbandry.

384 Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. C.26. [lfijft

A favlng of all X. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That neither royalties and this aft nor any thing therein contained (hall extend or be con-Fohh^Siefty.to extend to the taking away or abridging of any royalty * or prerogative royal of his Majesty, nor to abridge, change or alter any part of the foreft laws of this realm, but all and even fuch laws, rights, powers, royalties and prerogatives royal, (hall remain and be m as full and ample force and virtue, as the fame ought to have been in, if this aft had not been made ; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXVI. (T8.)

An act to prevent the planting of tobacco in England, fad for regulating the plantation trade.

WHEREAS the fowing, fitting) planting and curing of tobaea within divers parts of the kingdom ^England doth continue and iutreafey to the apparent lofs of his Majejifs cuJiomSy and the difeouragement of his Majejifs plantations in America, and great prejudice of the trade and navigation of this reabi) and the vent of its commodities thither, notwithjlanding an act of parliament made in the twelfth year of his Majejifs reign that now is9 for the prevention xtCar.i. c.34. thereof) intituled) An act for prohibiting the planting, fetting or fowing of tobacco in England and Ireland; and alfo one other aft of this prefent parliament made in the fifteenth year of his Majejifs 15 Car. ft. c.7. reign, intituled, An act for the encouragement of trade :

Jufticcs of the And forafmuch as the remedies and provifms by those laws are peace are to found not large enough to obviate and prevent the planting thereof \ (2) command all be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by anc* t^ie a^vicc ar|d confent of the lords fpiritual and tern-—- p0raj^ an(| cornmons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the first day or May which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred feventy and one, all juftices of the peace within their feveral limits and jurifdiftions (hall and do, a month before every general quarter-feflions to be holden for their refpeftive counties, iflue forth their warrants to all high conftables, petty conftables and tithingmen, within their feveral limits, thereby requiring the said high conftables, petty conflahles and tithingmen and every of them, to make diligent fearch and inquifitiorr, what tobacco is then fown, fet, planted, growing, curing, cured or made, within their feveral and refpeftive limits and jurifdic-tions, and by whom ; and to make a true and lawful prefent-ment in writing upon oath, at the next general quartcr-feflions to be holden for fuch county, of the names of all fuch persons as have fown, fet, planted, cured or made any tobacco, and what the full quantity of land is or was fown, fet or planted therewith, and who are the immediate tenant or tenants, or prefent occupiers of the land fo fown, fet or planted, who are and (hall be deemed planters thereof to all intents and purpofes.

III. Which said prefentment upon oath (hall be received and filed by the clerk of the peace of the said county in open feflions, and fuch receipt and filing (lull be a fuftkient conviftion in

kir

to make a return to them of what tohac co is planted, and upon whole land.

Which prefentment, being filed, IhaU

&70-] Anno victfimo fecuildo & tcttio Caroli IL c.26.  3S5

iw to all intents and purpofes, of all fuch periods as (hall bfe fo t* a fufficient relented for the fowing, fctting, planting, improving to grow, convi^ion* taking or curing tobacco, either in feed, plant, leaf qr other-ife, contrary to the said recited ads or either of them; unlefs Except upon ich person or persons fo prefented (haying notice given to him notice it (hall r them of fuch preferment made, by the delivery of a copy of **traYCrAcd-ich prefentment to him or them, or by leaving a copy of luch refentment at his or their dwelling-houfe or houfes, or ufual face of abode, in the prefence of one or moire credible witneftes,

:n days at the lead before the next quarter-feffions) (hall at the uarter-feffions next after fuch notice (hall be given to him or lem traverfe fuch prefentment, and find fufficient fureties for te profecuting and trying fuch traverfe, at the quarter-feflibns 1 be hoklen for the said county next after fuch traverfe (hall be ntred ar made.

IV.  And it is hereby further eftadted, That all conftables, Po^r IP1*11 thingmen, bailiffs and other publick officers, (hall and do with- £c*to°puil”p 1 their refpedive juriididtions, from time to time, as often as and deftroy all ccafion (hall require, within fourteen days after warrant from the planes. See. no or more of the juftices of the peace within fuch county,

}wn, city or place to them, calling to their affiftance fuch per->n or persons as they and every one of them (hall find convenr-nt and neceflary, pluck up, bum, confume, tear in pieces, and itterly deftroy all tobacco-feed, plant, leaf, planted, (owed or towing in any field, earth or ground.

V.  And if any fuch tobacco (hall be differed or permitted to The penalty row* or be confumed in feed, plant or leaf, in any townfhip, of officers not ithing, pari(h, hamlet or place, by the fpace of fourteen days auty m defter the receipt of fuch warrant or warrants, by the said con*- ftrormg of it. tables, tithingmen, bailiffs, or other publick officers of the re-

pedtive townfhips, tithings, pariihes or hamlets as aforefaid;

That then fuch conftables, tithingmen, bailiffs, or other pub-ick officers refpedtively, (hall for every fuch offence forfeit and >ay the fum of five millings for every rod, perch or pole of ground fo fet, planted or (owed with tobacco, and fo propor-ionably for a greater or leffer quantity of ground; the one moiety hereof to the King’s majefty, and the other moiety to him or hem that (hall fue for the feme, to be recovered by adtion of lebt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majeffy’s courts v >f record at lVeJlminfter.

VI.  And it js hereby further enadted, That in cafe any per- Jhe penalty bn or persons (hall refufe or negledf to aid or affift (being there- affiftthc into required) any conffable, bailiff or other publick officer, in cers.

he due execution of this adt, That every fuch perfoq or persons or every fuch offence, upon convidtion thereof made before two uftices of the peace of the said county where fuch offence (hall be committed, (hal! forfeit and pay the fum of five (hillings, to t>e levied by warrant from the said juftices, by diftrefs and fele of the offender’s goods; and in cafe no diftrefs can be found, then every fuch offender (hall be committed to the common gaol of the said county, there to remain for the fpace of one week, with-out bail or mainprize. .  '

VOL.VIII.  Cc  VII. And

The forfeiture for redding the officers.

386 Anno vlcdimO secundo & tertio Carol! ll. c.26.  £1670;

VII.  And if any person or persons whatfoever (hall forcibly refill any conftable, bailiff, or other publick officer, or other person or persons whatfoever, in the due execution of this a&. That then every fuch person for every fuch offence, upon con-vidion thereof made before two juftices of the peace of the laid county where fuch pffence (hall be committed, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to be levied by warrant from the laid juftices, by diftrefs and fate of the offender’s goods, and in cafe no diftrefs can be found, then every fuch offedder (hall be committed to the common gaol of the (aid county, there to remain for the fpace of three months, without bail or mainprise.

VIII.  And be it further enafled by the authority afarefehl. That if any a&ion, plaint, fuit or information, (hall be commenced or profecuted against any person or perfons, for what he or they (hall do in purfuance or execution of this a<5t, or either of the recited a<5ls, fuch person or persons fb feed in any court whatfoever, (hall or may plead the general iflue, not guilty, and upon any iflue joined, may give this a<5l, or the said recited a&s, or either of them, and the (pedal matter, in evidence : (2) and if the plaintiff or profecutor (hall become nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer difeontinuance, or if a verdict (hall pafs against him, the defendant or defendants (hall recover their coils, forwhich they (hall have the like remedy, as in cafe where cods are given by law to the defendants.

IX.  Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed, That this a<5t, tobacco plant- nor any thing therein contained, (hall extend to the hindring of **in thS phy“ t^ie P^ant^n8 tot>acco in any phyfick garden of either univer-fick gardens. flty^ or jn any private garden for phyfick or chirurgery only, fo as the quantity fo planted exceed not one half of one pole, in any one place or garden.

X.  And whereas by one aft of parliament in the fifteenth year of his Majefifs reign, intituled, An adl for the encouragement of

13 Car. a. c. 7. trade, it is declared, That inafmuch as his Majefifs plantations be-yond the feas are inhabited with his fuhjefts ^/'England, for the maintaining a better correfpondency betwixt them, and keeping them in a firmer dependance upon it, and rendring them yet more beneficial and advantagims unto it, in the further imployment and increafeofEnvfxfh Jhipping and feamen, vent of woolen and other mamf a ftures, rendring the navigation to and from the fame more fafe and cheap, and matin* this kingdom a jlaplc, not only of the commodities of those plantations, but alfo of the commodities of other countries, for the /applying them (it being the ufage of other nations to keep their plantation-trades U them]elves',) (2) it was therefore enafted. That no goods or commodities of Europe Jhall be carried into any the plantations of Afia, Africa or America, but what Jhall bona fide be laden and /hipped in England, and in Engli(h-built fitips, or /hips made free, and navigated with Englifh, according to an act of parRament on that behalf: (j) and that no officer of the cufioms in England or Wales Jhall give any warrant, or fuffer any Jugar, tobacco, and other plantation goods therein particularly named, to be carried into any other country or place whatfoever, until they have been firfi bona fide unladen in England, as by the said aft doth more at large appear•

XI. Not-

The officer, to any a&ion brought a-gainft him, may plead not guilty.

If judgment pals for him, he (hall recover double cofts.

A faring for

.1670.3 Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. c.26.  387

XI.  Notwitb/landing which, fome perfms taking advantage of the not mentioning the repealing of the word Ireland, in one claufe in an of parliament made in the twelfth year of his Majefly's reign, intituled ^ An act for the encouraging and increafe of (hipping and uCzx.%* c.i*« navigation ; where bonds are directed to be taken for all /hips that f *9*

/ball lade any fugar, or other commodities therein particularly mentioned, in any of the said plantationsy That the fame commodities /hall be by the said /hip brought to fonte port of England, Ireland, Wales, or town or port of Berwick, and/hall there unlode, and put the fame on Jhore, the said perfont having either refufed to give bond for the return of their /hips in fuch cafe to England, Wales, or town or port of Berwick only* or having given fuch bonds, have neverthelefs gone with their fbips to Ireland 5 by zOhich means (although this kingdom hath, and doth daily fuffer a great prejudice by the tranfporting great number of the people thereof to the said plantations, for the. peopling of them) yet that the trade of them would thereby in a great meafure be diverted from hence, and carried elfewhere, his Maje/ly’s cujloms and other revenues much le/fened, and this kingdom not continue a Jlaple of the said commodities of the said plantations, nor that vent for the future of the viftual and other native commodities of this kingdom; (2) The word Ire-be it therefore enafted, and it is hereby enafted by the authori- land (hall be ty aforefaid, That the word Ireland, lhall from and after the jcft ®ut, twenty-fourth day of May in the year of our Lord one thoufand betaken for fix hundred and (eventy-one, be left out of all fuch bonds which any (hip that (hall be taken for any Blip or veffel which lhall fet fail out of or lhall fet fail from England, Ireland, Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweedy ?ut 0£or.  ,

for any Engli/h plantation in America, Afia and Africa ; (3) and Ireland,5 an * that in cafe the laid (hip or veflel lhall lode any of the said com- Wales, ire. for modities at any of the said Engli/h plantations, That the said any Englifli commodities mall be by the said Blip or veffel brought to fome plantation in port of England or Walesy or to the town of Berwick upon Tweedy lnenca, c* and (hall there unlode and put on (hore the fame (the danger of the feas only excepted) and in like manner for all (hips coming from any other port or place to any of the aforefaid plantation$,who by the aforefaid aft for encouraging and encreafe of (hipping are permitted to trade there : (4) that from and after the nine and twentieth day of September in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred feventy and one, the governor of fuch Engli/h plantations (hall, before fuch (hip or veffel be permitted to lode on board any of the said commodities, take bond in manner and to what bonds the value mentioned and directed in the abovementioned aft for the governor* the encouraging and encreafe of (hipping and navigation, for °f ™ Englifli each refpeftive (hip or veffel. That fuch (nip or veffel (hall car- are^efted to ry all the aforefaid goods that be laden on board in the said (hip, take. L to fome other of his Majesty9s Engli/h plantations, or to England, Farther provi-iValeSy or town of Berwick upon Tweed: (5) and that every fuch fons relating to (hip or veflel which from and after the said nine and twentieth day of September in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hun- f ,3 ‘ \ dred feventy and one, (hall lode or take on board any of the said c. 1 j. f. a*, commodities, until fuch bond given to fuch governor, or certificate produced from the officers of fome cuftom-heufe of Eng-C c 2  land%

 v^»ooQle

388 Anno vicefimo secundo & tertio Caroli II. C.26. £ 1670,

land, Wales* or the town of Berwick, that fuch hood hath been there duly given, or which contrary to the tenor of fuch band (hall carry the said goods to any land, ifland, territory, dominion, port or place whatfoever, other than to fuch other E*g&jh plantations, as do belong to his Msgcfty, his heirs and fuccef-fors, or to the kingdom of England, principality of Walts* or town of Berwick upon  and  there  lay  the  tame  on  (bore;

that every Cuch (hip or veflel (hall be forfeited, with all her Forfeiture, guns, tackle, apparel, ammunition, furniture and lading; the one moiety to the King’s maiefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to him or them that (hall feize and fue for the fame in any of the said plantations, in the court of the high admiral of England, or of any of his vice-admirals, or in any court of record in England, wherein no efloin, prote&son « wager of law (hall be allowed.

The gover- XII. And whereas many complaints have been made of Jbtpping nors of the A* and vejfels belonging to fome of his Majeflfs colonies in America, that merican plan- contrary to the intent and meaning of this and other (fere-mentioned tations to re. laws* they have brought and tranfported the said commodities to divers ° parts ^/Europe, and there unlodcd the fame: (2) be it further eo-houfe, a lift of adted by the authority aforeiaid. That the governors, or their all (hips load, commanders in chief, of his Majesty’s refpe&ive plantations, do ingtherein. once a at lead ^ a return to his Majesty’s officers of his cuftoms in the port of London, or to fuch other person or per-fons as his Majesty (hall appoint to receive the fame, a lift of all fuch (hips or veflels as (hall lade any of the said commodities in fuch plantations refpedtivcly, as alfo a lift of all the bonds taken by If they (hall ihem : (3) and in cafe any (hip or veflel belonging to any of his unlade any fu- Majesty’s plantations, which (hall have on board her any fugars, gars,&c. other tobacco, cotton-wool, indicoes, ginger, fuftick or other dying-than in Eng- w<xx^ (hall he found to have unladed in any port or place of Europe, other than England, Wales, or the town of Berwkk upon Tweed; That fuch (hip or veflel (hall be forfeited, with all her guns, tackle, apparel, ammunition, furniture and lading, to be recovered and divided as aforeiaid.

XIII.  And that it (hall and may be lawful for any period or persons to profecute fuch (hip or veflel in any court of admiralty in England; the one moiety of the forfeiture in cafe of condemnation, to be to his majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch profecutor or profecutors thereof.

_  -  n.  ti  XIV.  And  laftly  it  is  hereby  enadted,  and be it further enadt-

MtSuken by tbe authority aforefaid. That Tangier (hall not be deemed to be a planta- or taken to be a plantation to his Majesty belonging in j^ia* Africa tion within or America, within the intent and meaning of this adt, or any of the aforementioned acts, fo as to enioy any right, privilege or benefit of trading, to or from the said plantations, or any of them; any law, ait, ul'age or declaration to the contiarynotwithftanding.

XV.  Provided always, and be it enadted, That this a& (ball continue in force for nine years, and from thence to the end of 11 & ix W. 3. the next feflion of parliament, and no longer. Continued by 5 Geo. c*1. c. ix. f 19, fo long as the 12 Car. 2. c.4. /hall continue.

Anns

land, See. The forfeiture.

Where to be proiecuted.

this aft.

How long to continue.

1672.] Anno vicefimo quince Caroli II. c.1,2.

389

Anno Regni CaRoli IL Regis  Scotia,

Francia & Hibernia, vicejimo quinto.

AT the parliament begun at Weftminfter eighth dot

ef May, Anno Dom. one tboufandfin hundred Jixty-one, in the thirteenth year of the reign of our moji vereign lord Charles, by the grace of God, of England,

Scotland, France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. and there continued by feveral prorogations, to the twentieth * day of October, anno 25 Car. 2.

n* p T  fourth day of

vAr. 1.  February, In

An act For railing the fum of twelve hundred thirty-eight tboufand fcven KebU, &c, hundred and fifty pounds, for fupply of his Majetty's extraordinary oc- editions. cafions. EXP.

CAP. II.

An a£l for preventing dangers which may happen from popijb

recufants.

FOR preventing dangers which may happen from popifh re- Lutw. 159.

cufants, and quieting the minds of his Majesty’s good fub-jedls; (2.) be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent ofthe lords fpiritual and tern* poral, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame, That all and every person or per- All persons fons, as well peers as commoners, that (hall bear any office or that fhall bear offices civil or military, or (hall receive any pay, falary, fee or offices, or wages, by reafon of any patent or grant from his Majesty, or [Jis^a. (hall have command or place of truft from or under his Majesty, jetty, &c. mutt or from any of his Majesty’s predeceflors, or by his or their au- take the oaths

thority, or by authority derived from him or them, within the of allegiance realm of England, dominion of tValesy or town of Berwick upon “ anXhetbl-Tweedy or in his Majesty’s navy, or in the feveral illands of Jer- lowing oaths.

fey and Guernfey or (hall be of the houfhold, or in the fervice or &c. imployment of his Majesty, or of his royal highness the duke of York, who (hall inhabit, refide or be within the city of London or Wejlminjler, or within thirty miles diftant from the fame, on the first day of Eafter term that (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred feventy-three; or at any time during the said term, all and every the said person and persons (hall perfonally appear before the end of the said term, or of Trinity when and ierm next following, in his Majesty’s high court of chancery, where to ap-or in his Majesty’s court of King’s bench, and there in publick pear and make and open court, between the hours of nine of the clock and oath# twelve in the forenoon, take the feveral oaths of fupremacy and allegiance (which oath of allegiance is contained in the (tatute made in the third year of King James) by law eftabliftied; (3) and during the time of the taking thereof by the said person and perfons, all pleas and proceedings in the said refpe&ive courts (hall ceafe ; (4) and that all and every of the said refpec- 7Vis aa extend-tive persons and officers, not having taken tfce said oaths in the ed to deputies by

Cc 3  faid  iGeo.i.ftat.a*

*  C.13. f.iS.

Goc 2

390  Anno  vicefimo  qulnto  Caroli  II.  0.1,2.*  [1672,

laid refpe&ive courts aforefaid, (hall on or before the first day 0 Augujl one thoufand fix hundred feventy-three, at the quarter-feffions for that county or place where he or they (hall be, inhabit or refide on the twentieth day of May, take the said oaths in open court between the said hours of nine and twelve of the To receive the clock in the forenoon ; (5) and the said refpe&ive officers afore-facrament ac- fold (ball alfo receive the facrament of the Lord's fupper, ac-SftST cordinS t0 u^aSe °f  chureh of England,  at or before the

church of  firft day of Augujl in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hun-

England.  dred and feventy-three, in fome parifh church, upon fome Lord’s

day, commonly called Sunday, immediately after divine fervice and fermon.

All perfon* to II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Thar be admitted all and every person or persons that fhall be admitted, entred, A?c0afier>th?, placed or taken into any office or offices civil or military, or (hall first day of receive any pay, falary, fee or wages, by reafon of any patent Eafter-term, or grant or his Majesty, or (hall have command or place of trull to take the laid from or under his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, or by his or Ito** Geo t t^ie^r authority or by authority derived from him or them, within c.^3  t'l'.1 this realm of England, dominion of IVales, or town of Berwick upon

Carthew 47S. Tweed,ox inhisMajefty’snavy,orin thefeveral i(landsofy^r/?yand % Mod. 299. Guernfey, or that (hall be admitted into any fervice or imploy-Oomberb. 21. mcnt fo bis Majesty's or royal Highnefs’s houftiold or family, larged to^x a^cr the first day of Eafler term aforefaid, and fhall inhabit, be months, 9 Geo. or refide, when ne or they is or are fo admitted or placed, with-*. c.26. in the cities of London or JVcflminfter, or within thirty miles of Perfons hevond the lame, (hall take the said oaths aforefaid in the said refpec-yea helped by tive court or courts aforefaid, in the next term after fuch his or c 2 Cf 1* ^e*r admhtance or admittances into the office or offices, imploy-• *9- • ment or imployments aforefaid, between the hours aforefaid, and no other, and the proceedings to ceafe as aforefaid ; (2) When and and that all and every fuch person or persons to be admitted af-where to be ter tbe fajd day of Eafter term as aforefaid, not having tak-Sir Tho. tones cn the fa*d oaths in the said courts aforefaid, (hall at the quarter-81.  * feffions for that county or place where he or they (hall refide.

Quarter- ncxt a^ter  admittancc  or  admittances  into  any of the faid

(cJHons# refpedlive offices or imployments aforefaid, take the said feveral and refpeftive oaths as aforefaid: (3) and all and every fuch person and persons fo to be admitted as aforefaid, (hall alfo receive Explained by the facrament of the Lord's fupper, according to the ufiige of iGe0 2.ftat.ft. the church of England, within three months after his or their c. *3 f. 6. admittance in or receiving their said authority and imployment, ait lew 310. jn fomc pUy jcje church, upon fome Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, immediately after divine fervice and fermon.

A certificate IIL And every of the said persons in their refpe£tive court to be delivered where he takes the said oaths (hall first deliver a certificate of

into court, of fuch his receiving the said facrament as aforefaid, under the his receiving }innds Gf the refpe&ive minifter and churchwarden, and (hall the acramen . tjlen rnajce proof Df the truth thereof by two credible witnefles at the leaft, upon oath ; all which (hall be enquired of, and put upon record in the- refpeftjve courts.  '  .

1  }V.  M

 kjOOQle

Anno vicefimo quinto Caroli II. c. 2.

391

IV. And be it farther ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That Whofoever ll and every the person or persons aforefaid, that do or (hall neg- r5fufe

or refafe to take the said oaths and facrament in the said ourts and places, and at the refpe&ive times aforefaid, (hall be judged unca->yb fafto adjudged uncapable and difabled in law, to all intents pable of any nd purpofes whatfoever, to have, occupy or enjoy the (aid of- othcr °®cc* ce or offices, imployment orimployments, or any part of them, r any matter Or thing aforefaid, or any profit or advantage appertaining to them or any of them ; (2) and every fuch office nd place, imployment and imployments (hall be void, and is lereby adjudged void.

V.  And be it further enadled. That all and every fuch per- person on or persons that (hall negledt or refafe to take the said oaths (hall execute >r the facrament as aforefaid, within the times, and in the pla- any office, af-:es aforefaid, and in the manner aforefaid, and yet after fuch r!fufal icgledt or refufal (hall execute any of the said offices or imploy- c c °* * ments after the said times expired, wherein he or they ought to have taken the fame, and being thereupon lawfully convi&ed, in or upon any information, prefentment or indi&ment, in any of the King’s courts at Weftminjler, or at the affizes, every fuch per- The penalty, fon and persons (hau be difabled from thenceforth to fue or use 1 Lutw* J59> any adtion, bill, plaint or information in courfe of law, or to not pro-profecute any fuit in any court of equity, or to be guardian of fecuteanyTuit any child, or executor or adminiftrator of any perfon, or capable in law or equi-of any legacy or deed of gift, or to bear any office within this^f>orbe6uar' realm of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick up- child*orexe, on Tweed; (2) and (hall forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds, cutor^ &c. to be recovered by him or them that (hall fue for the fame, to The forfeit be profecuted by any adtion of debt, fuit, bill, plaint or infor-turc« mation in any of his Majesty’s courts at Wejlminjler, wherein no efloin, protection or wager of law (hall lie.

VI.  And be it farther enacted by the authority aforefaid. The names of That the names of all and Angular fuch persons and officers a- |^rfon*-taking forefaid, that do or (hall take the oaths aforefaid, (hall be in the inhere to* be refpective courts of chancery and King’s bench and the quarter- regiflred. feffions inrolled, with the day and time of their taking the fame,

in rolls made and kept only for that intent and purpofe, and for no other; (2) the which rolls, as for the court of chancery,

(hall be publickly hung up in the office of the petty-bag, and the roll for the King’s bench in the crown-office of the said court, and in fome publick place in every quarter-feflions, and there remain during the whole term, every term, and during the whole time or the said feffions, in every quarter-feffions, for every one to refort to and look upon without fee or reward;

(3) and likewife none of the person or persons aforefaid (hall The fees al-give or pay as any fee or reward to any officer or officers be- Iowed* longing to any of the courts as aforefaid, above the fum of twelve-pence for his or their entry of his or their talcing of the said oaths aforefaid.

VII.  And further, That it (hall and may be lawful to and Upon dueten-forthe refpective courts aforefaid, to give and adminifter the der made to

C c 4  faidthc c°urt9.

39*

they are to ad-xninifter the oaths.

No person not bred up in the popi/h religion by his pa-rents /hall breed up or fuffer his children to be bred up in the popifo religion.

The penalty.

At the taking of the oaths to fubferibe the declaration following.

The declaration.

A register to be kept of the fubicn prion.

This a&not to extend to peerage.

Or creationr money.

Impoft, pen-(ions, &c.

Ov* offices of inheritance.

Or to make void any pen-don granted to any perfon

Anno vkefimo quinto Caroli II. c.2.  [167a.

laid oaths aforefaid to the person or persons aforefaid, in manner as aforefaid, and upon the due teixler of any foch person or persons to take the (aid oaths, the laid courts arc hereby required and enjoined to adminifter the fame.

VIII.  And be it further enacted. That if any person or perfons, not bred up by his or their parent or parents from their infancy in the pppi(h religion, apd profefling themfelves to be 1 popifh recufants, (hall breed up, inftrud or educate his or their I child or children, or fuffer them to be inftru&ed or educated in the popifh religion, every fuch person being thereof convi&cd, (hall be from thenceforth difobled of bearing any office or plaoe of truft or profit in church or Hate: (2) And all foch children as (hall be fo brought up, inftru&ed or educated, are and (hall be hereby difabled of bearing any fuch office or place of tnxft or profit, until he and they (hall be perfectly reconciled and converted to the church of England, and (hall take the oaths of fo-premacy and allegiance aforefaid before the juftices of the peace jn the open quarter-feflion? of the county or place whore they (hall inhabit, and thereupon receive the facrament of the Lord’s tapper after the ufage of the church of England, and obtain a certificate thereof under the hands of two or more of the hud juftices of the peace.

IX.  And be it further enafted by the authority afbre&id. That at the fame time when the persons concerned in this*a& (hall take the aforefaid oaths of tapremacy and allegiance, they (hall likewife make and fubferibe this declaration following, under the fame penalties and forfeitures as by this aft is appointed.

(2) T A. B. do declare. That I do believe that there is not any JL tvanfubjiantiation in the facrament of the Loris Jupper, or in the elements of bread and wine, at or after the confecration thereof by any person whatfoever.

X.  Of which fubfcnption there (hall be the like regifterkept, as of the taking the oaths aforefaid.

XI.  Provided always. That neither this aft, nor any thing therein contained, (hall extend, be judged or interpreted any ways to hurt or prejudice the peerage of any peer of this realm, or to take away any right, power, privilege or profit, which any person (being a peer of this realm) hath or ought to enjoy by reafon of his peerage, either in time of parliament or other-wife ; (2) or to take away creation-money or bills of impoft, nor to take away or make void any penfion or (alary granted by his Majesty to any person for valuable and fufficient confederation for life, lives or years, other than foch as relate to any office, or to any place of truft under his Majesty, and other than penfions of bounty or voluntary penfions$ (3) nor to take away or make void any eftate of inheritance granted by his Majesty, or any his predeceflors, to any person or persons of or in any lands, rents, tithes or hereditaments, not being offices; (4) nor to take away or make void any penfion or (alary already granted by his Majesty to any person who was inftnjraentai in

the

5 7 fc/J Anno vicefimoquinto Caroli IL C.2.  393

tie happy prefcrvation of his (acred Majesty after the battle at inftrumental Vitrcejler in the year one thoufand fix hundred fifty-one, until his  E^***1"*

Aaiefty’s arrival beyond the seas; (5) nor totake away or make worcSSr. oid the grant of any office or offices of inheritance, or any fee, dary or reward for executing fuch office or offices, or thereto ny way belonging, mated by his Majeftv or any his prede-eflbrs, to, or enjoyed, or which heaeafter (nail be enjoyed by, ny person or perions who (hall refufe or negledt to take the said >aths, er either of them, or to receive the facrament, or to fub-bribe the declaration mentioned in this a&, in manner therein xprefled : (6) Neverthelefc fo as fuch person or persons having Popi/h officers >r enjoying any fuch office or offices of inheritance, do or (hall who have of. iibftitute and appoint his or their fufficient deputy or deputies which fuch officer or officers refpeAively are hereby impowered fom time to time to make or change, any former law or ufage nwTwhomuft :q tlie contrary notwithftanding) to exercne the said office or take the oath*, offices, until roch time as the person or persons having fuch of-Bee or offices (hall voluntarily in the court of chancery, before the lord chancellor or lord keeper for the time being, or in the court of King’s bench, rake the said oaths, and receive the facrament according to law, and fubferibe the said declaration, and fo as all and every the deputy and deputies fo as aforefaid to be appointed, take tne said oaths, receive the fecrament, and fub- Andfabfcribc, feribe the said declaration from time to time, as they (hall happen to be fo appointed, in manner as by this adk mch officers whofe deputies they be, are appointed to do\ and fo as fuch deputies be from time to time approved of by the King’s majefty under his privy fignet: (7) But that all and every the peers of this realm (hall have, hold and enjoy what is provided for as a-forefaid, and all and every other person or persons before-mentioned, denoted or intended within this provifo, (hall have, hold and enjoy what is provided for as aforefaid, notwithftanding any incapacity or difability mentioned in this aA.

XII.  Provided alfo. That the said peers and every of them xhe

may take the said oaths, and make the said fubfcription, and may take the deliver the said certificates, before the peers fitting in parliament, oaths, &c. in if the parliament be fitting within the time limited for doing thereof, and in the intervals of parliament in the high court of chancery, in which refpeAive courts all the said proceedings are to be recorded in manner aforefaid.

XIII.  Provided always, That no married woman, or person A Bring for under the age of eighteen years, or being beyond or upon the married wo* feas, or found by the lawful oaths of^twelve men to be non ncicn» compos mentis, and fo being and remaining at the end of Trinity

term in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred feventy-three, having any office, (hall by virtue of this aA lofe or forfeit any fuch his or her office (other than fuch married woman during the life of her hufband only) for any negleA or refufal of taking the oaths, and doing the other things required by this aA to be done by persons having offices, fo as (tick refpec-

2  live

Any person forfeiting his office by virtue hereof, may upon taking of the oaths, &c. be capable of a new grant thereof

Not to extend to non-com.-miffioo-offi-cers in the navy, if they fub-fcribe the declaration.

A faving for the pennons granted to the earl of Briftol and bis lady.

Not to extend to conftables, tithingmen, church-wardens, &c. or private officers.

EXl>.

1$ Car. I#

(tat. z. c. 4. aa Car. ». c 7.

ai & 23 Car. c. 19. f. a.

Anno vlccfimo qulnto Carol! II. c.3,4.  [1671-

tive persons within four months after the death of the hufharoL, coming to the age of eighteen years, returning into this Icing— 1 dom, and becoming of found mind, (hall refpeftively take tb& said oaths, and perform all other things in manner as by this aft is appointed for persons to do, who (hall happen to have any office or offices to them given or fallen after the end of the said Trinity term.

XIV.  Provided alfo. That any person who by his or her negleft or refufal, according to this aft, (hall lofe or forfeit any office, may be capable by a new grant of the said office, or a£ any other, and to have and hold the fame again, fuch person taking the said oaths, and doing all other things required by this aft, fo as fuch office be not granted to, and a&ually enjoyed by, fonie other person at the time of the regranuog thereof.

XV.  Provided alfo. That nothing in ihis aft contained (hail extend to make any forfeiture, difability, or incapacity in, by, or upon any non-commiffion-officer or officers in his Majcfty’s navy, if fuch office!1 or officers (hall only fubferibe the declaration therein required, in manner as the fame is direfted.

XVI.  Provided alfo, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend to prejudice George earl of BriJloU or. Anne countds of Briftol his wife, in the penfion or penfions granted to them by patent under the great feal of England, bearing date the (ixteenth day of July in tne year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred fixty and nine, being in lieu of a juft debt due to the (aid earl from his Majesty, particularly expreffed in the said patent.

XVII.  Provided alfo, That this aft; or any thing therein contained, (hall not extend to the office of any high conftable, petty conftable, tithingman, headborough, overfeer of the poor* church-wardens, furveyor of the highways, or any like inferior civil office, or to any office of forefter, or keeper of any park, chace, warren, or game, or of bailiff of any manor or lands, or to any like private offices, or to any person or persons having only any the before-mentioned, or any the like offices.

CAP. III.

An act for enabling his Majesty, to make leafes of his lands belonging to the duchy of Cornwall.

What leafes ftiali be made of lands belonging to the duchy of Cornwall, and how. An exception to entire honours, lordfttips, or manors. For what terms or times. Not difpuniftiable of wafte. Ancient rent referred. Where no rent was payable, then a reafonable rent. All covenants iu the leafes (hall bind all perfons. A faving of the rights of all perions, except the right of the King, the duke of Cornwall, and thole who (hall be dukes.

CAP. IV.

An a A  for repeal of  a claufe in a former aQ to prohibit falef

men from  felling faf

WHEREAS by an aft made this prefent  ,

An ad to prevent frauds in the buying and felling of cattle in Smittfield and elfewhere, (amongjl other things) it is That nc jobber fa!of man, or other broker or , who do or fiaU 6  com*

>7^.] Anno vicefimo quinto Caroli II. c.5,6.  fys

mmonly buy or fell cattle for others, be allowed or employed either for ying or felling any fat cattle, other than fwine or calves, by or for ry butcher or other person or persons whatfoever, within fourfcore iles cf the cities of London and Weftminfter, upon pam of the rfeiture of the value of the said cattle fo bought or fold by him or them r a/arefaid, to be paid by the owner of fuch cattle; (2) and upon erther pain, That all and every perfon%and persons taking upon him • them to use or exercise the said employment of a jobber or broker> afalejman or faft or, for the buying and felling of cattle contrary » the Jaid ally Jhau forfeit for every fuch offence y the value of all tch cattle fo bought or foldy or expofea to faley by him or them as a-ore/aid > (3) but for that the said claufe in the said all contained, is cured by experience to be very prejudicial to the fale of the cattle of bis realm? and a great inconvenience and difcouragement to those that reed the Jaid cattle in their refpeflive counties, who by reef on thereof ire forced to make iournies up in their own persons to London, or to rena others purpofely for that imployment, which commonly taketh up ind wafteth all or the greatejl part of the profit or gain that they make f their said cattle •> (4) be it therefore enadted by the King’s pan of the aft moft excellent majefty, and by and with the advice and confent maden Set3 of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pre- <rar- a-lent parliament aifembled, and by the authority of the fame. r* *• rcPcalc • That the said claufe, and all and Angular penalties in the said a<5t relating thereunto, fo far forth as the fame do or may any ways concern falefmen or fadtors employed by feeders or farmers, but not as the fame do concern falefmen or fadlors employed by butchers, jobbers or brokers, fhall be and do ftand repealed, and be utterly null and void to all intents and purpofes what-r foever. 7 Ann. c. 6.

CAP. V.

An act for the King’s majefty's moft gracious, general, and free pardon. EXP.

CAP. VI,

/In all for taking off aliens duty upon commodities of the growth, produfty and manufaBure of the nation.

WH ERE AS by a fiatute made in the eleventh year of King u H. 7. c. 14, Henry the Seventh it is enabled, That all merchant-firangerSy for the infarct* and others that be made denizens by the King's letters patents, or other- 1J!tnt  ^

wife* /ball pay fuch cufioms and fubftdies for their goods andmerchan-fj^ 1. c? ij. 4 dize inwards and outwards, as they should have paid if fuch letters patents had never to them been made; (2) and whereas by one other fiatute made in the twelfth year of the reign of our fovereign lord the King that now is, intituled, A fubfidy granted to the King of 1* Car. a. c. 4. tonnage and poundage, and other fums of money payable upon 6# merchandizes exported and imported, and afterwards confirmed by an all of parliament made in the thirteenth year of his said Mav jfifs reign, it is enabled. That every merchant, naturaUborn fub- 1% Car.*. jelly denizen and alien, Jhall pay the fum of twelve pence for all man- ftat* *• c» 7* ner of goods or merchandize to be carried out of this realm or to be brought into the fame by way of merchandize, amounting to the value of twenty /hillings according to the book of rates, whereto reference

Digitized'

5d'by 

>/

396  Anno vicefimo quinto Ca&oli II. C«6.  £1671.

is made by the said statute 5 (3) that every mercbant-aEcn Jbd pay the fum of twelve pence over and above the twelve pence ajbrtfaii, for till manner of the native commodities of this realm, or matmfac-tares wrought cf any fuck native commodities, 0f the value of twccj JhiUtugSy to be carried out of this realm by Jucb merchants-aHern; and whereas by another claufe of the fendfiatute of the tutelfi] '3*  year of bis Majejlfs reign that now is9 it is enacted* not aE ftrasb

gers and aliens Jhdd pay fix JbUEngs and eight pence per piece fo every Jbort cloth to be carried out of this ream by fuch Jlrangen tr aliens; (5) and whereas by the twelfth article of rules, orders, directions and allowances annexed to the said book of rates , it is reciui> ordered and direct ed* That merchant-firangers Jbould pay double petty cuftom for lead* tin* woollen cloth * and for native mamtfaHures ef wool or part of wool* and for all other goods* as well inwards as raf-wards* ratedto pay the fubftdy ofpoundage* three pence in the founds and other duties payable by Charta Mercatoria, hefides the fubfidj \

(6)  be it ena&ed by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by Part of the the authority of the fame. That fo much and fuch claufes only said ftatutes of Qf the said Statutes of the eleventh year of Henry the Seventh, ii Car. ?n<* twe^h year of our (bvereign lewd the King that now &c. repealed/ is, and of the (aid twelfth article of rules, orders, directions 8 Geo. 1. c.15. and allowances, and of Charta Mercatoria therein mentioned, and all other claufes contained in any other a& or ftatutes of this realm whatfoever, as do any ways concern any cuftom or fubfidy upon any of the native commodities of this kingdom, (except coals) or manufa&ures wrought or made in this king-dom, or town of Berwick upon Tweedy to be exported out of this realm, payable by any merchant-alien made denizen, or other (hanger or alien, over and above the cuftom and fubfidy payable by his Majesty’s natural-bom fubjedb, and no more, be hereby repealed.

Denizens, H. And for the further eralanation hereof, be it further en-itrangers’and a6led by the authority aforelaid, That from and after the first aliens, (hall day of May which (hall be in the year one thoufand fix hundred pay no more anj feventy-three, every fuch merchant, denizen," (hunger or commodities^ alicn> PaY for *11 merchandize confifting of any the native of this nation, commodities of this realm (except coals) or manufactures than the  wrought or made in the kingdom ot England* or town of Ber-

Kin£*s  wick upon Tweed* to be carried out of this realm by any fiich

jefo:1Except merchant, denizen, (hanger or alien, fuch cuftoms and fabfidies tor coals, or only, and no other or greater, than {merchants being Che King's manufactures natural-born fubjedb do by virtue of the said statute of the T*°Ui?hlin  yw  of  his  Majefty  that  now is pay for any merchandize

prBemKk.”1 d* Mtivc commodities of this realm, (except coals) or manufactures wrought or made in this kingdom or town of Berwick upon Tweed, to be exported out of this realm by fuch natural-bom TubjeCts; any law, cuftom or statute to the contrary not-withftanding.

mat they III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That flwU pay for from and after the first day of May %which (hall be in the year «n.  •  of

397

7^*1 Aono vicefimo quinto Caroli II. c.7.

our Loud me thousand fix hundred feventy and three, every ?rchanl, denizen or alien fhaH pay for all forts of fi(h caught Englijbmen, and exported in Englijh (hipping, and whereof e mailer and three fourths of the mariners matt be Englijb,

:h cuftoms and fiiblidies only and no greater or other than erchants being natives of this realm do pay for the fame. Counted by 2 Will. & Mar. t. 4./ 3. 1 Ahn.fi. \. c. 13./. 2. 9 Ann.

6./ 2.  3  Gee.  1. e. 7.

CAP. VII.

'n aEl for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eaftland trades 9 and for the better ftearing the plantation-trade.

nsOrafi»uch as the whale fijhing is a very conJideraMe and pro-^ fitable trade, giving imployments to great numbers of teamen nd Jbipping: and whereas neighbouring nations do yearly make great duantage thereby; not only fuppfying themfebues with that fort of il and fins, but vending into other parts great quantities thereof, and articularfy into this kingdom, where we fend trade is in a manner mte decayed and lofi: fir remedy thereof and encouragement of fuch is jhdll be willing to employ themfehes and their eftates in this trade 5 [2) be it ena&ed by the King's moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful for all his Majesty's fubjefts of this his realm of England and Wales, Liberty given and town of Berwick upon Tweed, and for every other person to all perions or persons of what nation foever refiding and inhabiting here, ^ during the time of fuch their refidence, freely to trade into and ^^oirrmort' from Urtenland and those fcas, and there to take whales and all ali forts of other forts of filh, and to import into this kingdom all forts of oil, &c. oil, blubber and fins thereof, and to use and exercise all other trade to and from Greenland and those parts. (3) And for the further encouraging of the said trade, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, that it (hall be lawful for any person or perfons* native or foreigner, to import train-oil or blubber of Greenland and parts adjacent, and those Teas, or of Newfoundland, or of any other his Majesty’s colonies and plantations, made of fi(h or of any other creature living in the feas, and whale-fins caught in any (hips or veflels truly and properly belonging to England and Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, and imported in fuch (hips, without paying any cuftom or • other duty for the fame ; (4) and for the ton of (uch dll taken Without pay-by any (hipping belonging to any of his Majesty’s colonies any and plantations; and imported in luch (hipping, there (hall be ^r^u^hgc»ds paid the fum of fix (hillings; (5) and for every ton of whale- brought in by fins taken and imported in fuch (hipping, the fum of fifty any Englilh or (hillings; (6) and for the ton of fuch oil taken by the said (hip- JJfeHh vc^‘ ping but imported in (hipping belonging to England, Wales or ling o?the the town of Berwick upon Tweed, the fum of three (hillings ; (7) king’s colo-and for every ton of whale-fins taken and imported in fuch (hip- nies or planta-piog the (urn of.five and twenty (Hillings; (8) and for the ton

 v^»ooQle

398  AnnO  viccfimo  quinto  Caroli  IL  C.7-  £1671  .j

rates men* of all fuch oil and blubber of foreign fifhing, the fum of nia ttts att ***** P°unc*s» (.9) and ^or cvefy ton of whale-fins of foreign fifhini, 1S a * the fum of eighteen pounds* and no more. (10) And in regard there are at prefent great want of harpiniers and fauna Liberty given (killed and exerciied in the trade of whale-fifhing ; (u) be e to have one further enacted by the authority afore&id. That it (hall ani refers? and^ maY be lawful for any (hip or veflel truly belonging to England, one moiety of Wales or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and whereof tie EngliCh mari- mailer (hall be an Engbjbman, and inhabiting within the places FCrVfl aforefaid, from and after the first day of May which (hall be m wit^1theV^nc  our ^orc^ onc t^ou(ann fix hundred feventy and

privilege as C three, and until the five and twentieth day of March whhA before. (hall be in the year of our Lord one tboufand fix hundred eighty 4 & 5 and three, employed for the catching of whaks, during luck f a Ine third voyage to be navigated with one moiety of the harpiniers and Englijb isfuf- one moiety of the reft of the mariners only Englijb, and yea to Jicunt.  pay no further or other cuftom for the oil* blubber or fins,

caught or imported in fuch (hip or veflel, thin if fuch (hip or veflel had been navigated with three fourths of the mariners Englijb ; any law, statute or ufage to the contrary ia any wife notwithftanding.

The EngUlh n. Provided always and it is hereby further ena&ed by the built (hip, authority aforefaid. That no Englijb built (hip or other (hiper which is to veflel belonging to England* Wales or the town of Berwick upon have the hene-importing whale, oil or blubber, or other filh, oil or rauft proceed * whale-fins of Greenland or thole feas, (hall enjoy any benefit or from England privilege by this aCt, unlefs fuch (hip or velfel did proceed on to Greenland, her voyage to Greenland and those feas, from England or Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweedy and was victualled for the said voyage in fome of those places, to be attefted by the collector of the port where the said (hip or veflel was victualled; (2) xsCar.s.c.iS. And whereas by one aft paffed in this prefent parliament in the twelfth year of your MajeJIJs reign, intituledAn act for encouragement of (hipping and navigation, and by feveral other laws payed Jmce that time, it is permitted to Jbip, carry, convey and tranjport Jugar, tobacco, cotton-wool, indico, ginger, fujlick and all other dying-wed of the growth, production and manufacture of any of your Mejefys plantations in America, Afia or Africa, from the places of their grovoth, production and manufacture, to any of your Majtjlys plantations in those parts, (Tangier only excepted) and that without % paying of cujlom for the fame, either at the lading or unlading of the said commodities, by means whereof the trade and navigation in those commodities, from one plantation to another is greatly inereafed; (3) and the inhabitants of divers of those colonies, not contenting themfdves with being fupplied with those commodities for their own ufc, free from all cu/loms, (while the JubjcCls of this your kingdom of England have paid great cuftoms and impojitions for what of them hath been fpent here) but contrary to the exprefs letter of the aforefaid lairs, have brought into divers parts of Europe great quantities thereof, and do alfo daily vend great quantities thereof, to the Jbip-• ping of other nations who bring them into divers parts of Europe,

to

 t^oc He

>7^-3 Arino vicefimo quinto Caroli tl. c.7.  399

the great hurt and diminution of your MajeJlfs cuftoms, and of ye trade and navigation of this your kingdom •> (4) for the pre- This a& ex~ ention thereof, we your Majesty’s commons in parliament af- Un^^y^} & ambled, do pray that it may be enacted; and be it enaCted by J,z.&gGeo"i. le King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and c.iS.f.ia. onfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in as to rice and his prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of mie. That from and after the first day of September wnich lhall  ty

e in the year of our Lord one thouland fix hundred feventy 7 L% w. 3. nd three, if any (hip or veflel which by law may trade in any c- **• f- *•

>f your Majesty’s plantations, (hall come to any of them to B?nd hip and take on board any of the aforefaid commodities, and fiVgoodsoftbe ihat bond (hall not be first given with one fufficient furety to American bring the fame to England or Wales, or the town of Berwick plantations to upon Tweedy and to no other place, and there to unload and put the fame on (hore, (the danger of the feas only excepted) fucbb*nJjre-that there (hall be anfwered and paid to vour Majesty, your /rained by 3 heirs and fucceflors, for fo much of the laid commodities as Ann. c. 13. (hall be laded and put on board fuch (hip or veflel, thefe following a3-rates or duties: that is to fay, for fugar white, the hundred The rates for weight containing one hundred and twelve pounds, five (hil- the cuftoms to lings ; and brown fugar and mufeovadoes, the hundred weight be paid, containing one hundred and twelve pounds, one (hilling and fix pence ; (5) for tobacco, the pound one peny ; for cottonwool, the pound one half-peny; for indico, the pound two pence 5 for ginger, the hundred weight containing one hundred and twelve pounds, one (hilling; (6; for logwood, the hundred weight containing one hundred and twelve pounds, five pounds; for fuftick and all other dying-wood, the hundred weight containing one hundred ana twelve pounds, fix pence: and alfo for every pound of cocoa-nuts, one peny; (7) to be levied, colleCtca and paid at fuch places and to fuch collectors and other officers as (hall be appointed in their refpeCtive plantations to collect, levy and receive the fame, before the lading thereof, and under fuch penalties both to the officers and upon the Penalty, goods, as for nonpayment of or defrauding his Majesty of his cuftoms m England.

III.  And for the better collection of the fcveral rates and d b^the* duties aforefaid impofed by this aCt, be it enaCted, and it is commiffioners hereby further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That this of the cuftoms whole bufinefs (hall be ordered and mannged, and the feveralin England, duties hereby impofed (hall be caufed to be levied by the com- ^c°,2* miflioners of the cuftoms in England now and for the time be- f. Mty' ing, by and under the authority and directions of the lord trea- anfingbythis furer of England or commiflioners of the treafury for the time to be paid

being.  7b° lur

IV.  And in cafe any person or peffons liable by this law to c e<l1ttr* Cm pay any of the duties aforementioned, (hall not have monies If the party wherewith to anfwer and pay the fame, be it further enaCted ^lone^ by the authority aforefaid, That the officers appointed to colleCt u1Cl/the°com-the fame, (hall accept inftead of fach monies fuch a proportion luiffioucn to

of

400

take a proportion of the commodities.

It flull be free for all periona to trade to Sweden, Denmark and Norway.

Any perCon fubject of this realm (hall be admitted into the Eaftland company, paying for ht$ admittance 40 s.

Anno viceftmo quinto Caroli II. c.8» [ifrjt,

t>f the commodities to be (hipped, as (hall amount to the vaha thereof, according to the current rate of the (aid commodirie in fuch plantation refpedively.

V.  And for encouragement of the Eafilani trade, be it enacted by the King’s raoft excellent majefty by and with the adro and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and common^! in thisprefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of thr fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for every person and persons native or foreigner, from and after the first day of May which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand far hundred feventy and three, at all times to have face liberty to trade into and from Sweden, Denmark and Norway; any thing in the charter of the governor, afliftaats and feliowfhip of merchants of Eafllandy or any other charter, grant, ad, or anything elfe heretofore made or done, or hereafter to be done, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VI.  And it is hereby further eaaded by the authority afore-laid, That whatfoever person or persons lubjeds of this realm, (hall defire to be admitted into the said fellowlhip of merchants of Eajllatiiy That every fuch person (hall be admitted into the said fellowlhip, paying for his admiflion the fum of forty (billings, and no more. Continued by 2 Will. & Mar. r. 4. f 3,4.

1 Ann. c. 13./. 2. 9 Ann. c. 6./ 2. 3 Geo. 1. c. 7.

CAP- VIII.

An ail for continuing a former aid concerning coinage.

FOrafmuch as great advantage hath accrued to this kingdom, by one aft of this prefent parliamenty pa (fed in the eighteenth year it Car. 1. c. 5. ^y0ur Majejiys reigny intituledy An ad for the encouragement of coinage, for that very great quantities of gold andfiber have ban brought into this realm, and converted into the current coins thereof by reafon of the encouragement given thereto by the said aft \ (2} and whereas the said aft was to continue until the twentieth of December in the year of our Lord one thoufani fix hundred feventy and oney and until the end of thefirjl feffion of parliament then next following and no longer, Jo as that unleft the said aft be now renewed2, the encourage-merit given thereby to coinage will ceafe* and this kingdom bo deprived How long to for tb* future of fo great a good as it bath thereby for thefe years lafi continue? pajl enjoyed: we therefore your Majesty’s dutiful and loyal fubjeds, do humbly pray that it may be enaded; (3) and be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, now in parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the said ad (hall continue and be in force for the fpace of feven years, to commence from and after the determination of this prelent feflion of this parliament, and until the end of the lirft fdfion of parliament then next following, and no longer. Continued for feven years from the firfi of March m thoufand feven hundred forty fivey and to the end of \he firjl feffion of parliamenty by 19 Geo. 2. e. 14.

 c.ooQle

II. P

67.2*] Anno viicefimo quinto Caroli II. c.8.  401

II.  Provided always, That whereas by the said ad it is Where tho na<£ted, That the monies levied, colleded and paid by virtue lereof, lhould be levied, colleded and paid at the refpedive^ ,g&r. uftom-houfes, to the collectors and other officers of the cu- c. 5. were to* ;oms for the time being, and be by them refpedively paid be paid, ito the receipt of the exchequer, whereby each of the said editors are obliged to pafs a diftind account in the exchequer,

Dr the monies received by them by virtue of the said ads, al-hough the fums received by many of them are very small and iconfiderable, and yet no allowance to be made unto them for he doing thereof:

III.  For the avoiding of this unneceflary trouble and inconve- To whom the lienee to the said colledors 5 (2) be it enaded, and it is here- monies col->y enaded by the authority aforefaid, That during fuch time

ts the cuftoms (hall be in colledion under the management of^1* ‘ommiflloners, the monies colleded, levied and paid by virtue v * * rf this ad, (hall be levied, colleded and paid to fuch officers as lo or (hall from time to time colled or receive the cuftoms in the refpedive ports, upon the commodities charged by this ad, and (hall be by them refpedively anfwered and paid to the receiver general of the cuftoms now and for the time being, whofe acquittance (hall be to them and every of them a fufficient dif-charge for the monies by them paid to him, and a certificate by them obtained yearly or oftner, from the comptroller general of the cuftoms now and for the time being, with the allowance of the commiffioners of the cuftoms, or any three or more of them, of their having fo paid all the monies by them received, (hall be to them and every of them a quietus, and free Quietus, them from all other accounts or trouble for the fame.

IV.  And in cafe the cuftoms (hall be farmed, that the monies levied, colleded and paid by virtue of this ad, during fuch time, (hall be colledea, levied and paid in the refpedive ports, to (uch persons as (hall be appointed by the lord treafurer, or commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, to levy, colled and receive the fame, and be by them paid to fuch person as (hall be in like manner appointed to receive the said monies from them, whofe acquittance (hall be to them and every of them a fufficient difeharge for the monies by them paid to him; and a certificate by them obtained yearly or oftner, from fuch perlon or persons as (hall be in like manner appointed to give fuch certificate of their having fo paid all the monies by them received, (hall be to them and every of them a quietus, and free Quietus, them from all other accounts or trouble for the said monies; any thing in the said ad for the encouragement of coinage, or any other law statute or ufage to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding.

V.  And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid. That To be paid at the monies to be levied, colleded and paid by virtue of this ad, the importa-(hall be levied, colleded and paid at the importation of the com* commodifies, modifies charged thereby, and that over and above all other com duties and fums of monies charged and payable upon the fame,

Vo*. VIII.  D  d  and

 v^.ooQle

402  Anno viccfimo qulnto Caroli li. c.9.  [1671,  I

Penalty. and under the feme penalties and forfeitures as for nenpayiiiBB j of or defrauding his Majesty of bis cufoms upon the £410 00m- I

modifies.  I

Tlie money VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore-1 to be Kept by faid, that the monies colledcd in the refpedive ports by virtne' itfelf and paid of this ad (hall be by the relpedive officers who mall coUed the I monthly. feme, diftinguifhed and kept apart from all other monies bj \ them colleded upon the feme commodities, or upon any other commodity or merchandize whatfoever, and (hall be by them re-fpedively to anfwered and paid monthly at lead from the officers of the port of London , and quarterly at lead from the officers of the out-ports, to the receiver general of the cudoms for the time being; and when there (hall be no fuch receiver general, to fuch other person as (hall be appointed as aforefaid, to receive the fame from them: (2) and that fuch receiver general or other perfon, who (hall receive the said monies from the officers of the refpedive ports (hall alfo keep the fame didind from all other monies whatfoever, and fo pay the fame once in every month at the lead into the receipt of the exchequer, there alfo to be kept didind and apart from all other monies arifing by the cudoms, or by any other way or revenue whatfoever. Salaries to be VII. And ladly, be it enaded by the authority afordaid, allowed to the That for the encouragement of the refpedive officers bdRxe-®e®Ci®gitorco“ mentioned, it (hall be lawful for the lord treafurer, or com-5 * miflioners of the treafury for the time being, to allow unto them out of the monies arifing by this ad for the fervkres above-mentioned, fuch falarics and allowances as to them (hall feeo meet and reafonable, fo as that the said falaries and allowances do not exceed in the whole the fum of twelve pence in the pound of the monies colleded by this ad.

CAP. IX.

An all to enable the county palatine of Durham to fend knights and burgeffes to ferve in parliament.

“Tfi^HEREAS the inhabitants ofthe county palatine of Durham bate V * not hitherto had the liberty and privilege of electing and fending any knights and burgeffes to the high court of parliament, altbongb the inhabitants §f the feud county palatine are liable to all payments, rates and fubfedies granted by parliament, equally with the inhabitants of other counties, cities and boroughs in this kingdom, who have their knights and burgejfts in the parliament, and are therefore cmecemei equally with others the inhabitants of this kingdom, to have knights and burgeffes in the said high court of parliament of their own eleQion, to represent the condition of their country, as the inhabitants of other counties, cities and boroughs of this kingdom have \ (2) wherefore may it pleafe your Majedy, that it may be enaded, and be k enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and afient of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the feme. That from time to time, and at all times from and after the end of this prefent fedioa of parliament, the .  .  (aid

)y 

i  Anna  vkefima  quiato Carol! H. 6.10.  405

Paid county palatine of Durham may have two knights for the Thecountvpa-fame county, and the dty of Durham two citizens to he bur-* J*tinc gefles for the feme city, for ever hereafter to ferve in the high two knights, court of parliament $ (3) to be elected and chofen by virtue of and the city

Irour Majesty’s writ, to be awarded by the lord chancellor or of Durham to ord keeper of the great feal of England for the time being, In t^° hur-that behalf, to the lord bifhop of Durham, or his tempcwal  par*

chancellor of the feid county of Durham, and a precept to be thereupon grounded and made by the lord bifhop of Durham, or his temporal chancellor for the time being, to the (heriff of the (aid county for the time being; (4) and the feme eleftion Hew theelec-firom time to time to be made in manner and form Following, arc to ** that is to fay, the elections of the knights to ferve for the faid<naac# county palatine from time to time hereafter to be made by the

freater number of freeholders of the said county palatine of Dur-am, which from time to time (hall be prefem at fuch eleftions, accordingly as is ufed in other counties in this your Majesty*s kingdom ; (5) and thaLjhe election of the said burgefles from time to time to ferve in the high court of parliament for the city of Durham, to be made from time to time by the major part of the mayor, aldermen and freemen of the said dty of Durham, which from time to time (hall be prefent at fuch eleftions 5 (6^To bereturn-which said knights and burgefles and every of them, lb elefted ed by the or chofen, (hall be returned by the feid (heriff into the chancery Sheriff, of England, in due form, and upon the like pains as be ordained for the (heriff or (heriffs of any other county of this kingdom to make his or their returns in like cafes ; (7) and that the feid knights and burgefles and every of them, fo eleftod and returned, (hall be by authority of this prefent aft knights and burgefles of the high court of parliament, to all intents and purpofes, and have and use the like voice, authority and places therein, to all intents and purpofes, as any other the knights and burgefles of the feid high court of parliament have, use and enjoy, and likewife (hall and may by virtue of this prefent aft t?ke, have, use and enjoy, all fuch and the like liberties, advantage*, dignities and privileges concerning the said court of parliament, to all intents, conflruftions aqd purpofes, as any other the knights and burgefles of the said high court of parliament have taken, had, ufea or enjoyed, or (hall, may 6r ought hereafter to have, take or enjoy.

CAP. X.

An act for reviving the. judicature for determination*of difference* torching houfes burnt down and demoHfhed by reafon of the late fire which happened in London, and for rebuilding of the navy-office.

The judicature for determination of difference occafioned by the fire, 19 Car. 2. c. e. continued until February 15, 1675. The King's furvevor (hall have uCar.a.c.u. power to fet out io much ground near the navy-oftce lately burnt, as shall be commodious for it. Satisfaftion (hall be made for the feme ground. The lord mayor to impanel a jury. Conclufive against thd owners. If any controverfy fhall ariie between any person concerning the dividend of the money for the ground, then at Is referred to rh* court of judicature todeterniine. Power given to the court of judicature to determine differences between landlord and tenant, concerning houres demotiflied in Seething-lane. EXP.

D da  T  Anm

 VjOOQ iC

404

Anno vjccfimo fcptimo Caroli II. [i 675.

Anno  Regni Carol 1 II. Regis  Scotia,

Francia, & Hibernia, vicefimo feptimo.

AT the parliament begun at Weftminfter tbe eighth \ of May, Anno Dom. one tboufand fix hundred fixty-one, in tbe thirteenth year of tbe reign of our fovereign lord Charles, by tbe grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King defender of tbe faith. See. and there continued by fever to tbe thirteenth day of October one tboufand fix hundred feventy-five.

An act for the better and more easy rebuilding the town of North*

ampton.

A court of record conftituted. How to proceed, and what to determine * between landlord and tenant, See. Defalcation or apportioning of rent. Bodies politick. Definitive order to be final. Power to make a decree to charge, See, an eftate, or to order a new or longer eftate to be made, notwithftanding infancy, coverture, Scc. Infants, Sec, Bifhops, &c. Corporations. To make rules and dire&ions in the forms and orders of buildings. To enlarge or alter ftreets, lanes, roads and paffages. To • treat and compound tor ground to be ufed for those purpofes. In cafe of refufal or difability by infancy. Sec. then to impanel a jury. To make alterations in the foundations, if they fee caule. Satisfaction to be awarded. A jury to be impanelled in cafe of difability. A provifo rut to take away any ground, but only for enlargement ot die ftreets. Tfce corner house taken away. Several other houfes to be taken away. If any person (hall not build within three years, then the court to mfpofc of the ground to fuch person as will build. Satisfaction to be made to the proprietor of the foil. In cafe of refufal a jury to be impanelled. All homes to be covered with lead, llate or tile. Perilous trades prohibited. Penalty. To appeal from an order made by left than (even of the

aes. A review of the decree. Cofts. All judgments and decrees be good both in law and equity. There (hall fie no writ of error or certiorari. A regifter-book for the orders to be kept by the mayor.

All juftices of tbe county that inhabit in the town, mall be juftkes in the town. Any person that (hall build a house worth 300I. to have thereby his freedom. All persons that execute any power by this aft to take an oath. To plead the general ifliie.

Anno Regni CAROLI II.  Anglia,  Scotia,

Francia, & Hibernia,vicefimo nono.

AT tbe parliament begun at Weftminfter tbe eighth day of May Anno Dom. one tboufand fix hundred fixty-ene, in tbe thirteenth year of tbe reign of our mofi gracious fovereign lord Charles, by tbe grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, defender of tbe faith. See. and from thence continued by Jeveral prorogations to the fifteenth of February one tboufand fix hundred ty-fix.

CAP.

6y6.1 Anno vicefimo nonoCAROLi II. c.i—3.  405

CAP. I.

Ln a£t for railing the fum of five hundred eighty-four thoufknd nine hundred feventy eight pounds two (hillings and two-pence half-pcny, for the fpeedy building thirty (hips of war. EXP.

cap. n.

Ln for an additional excife upon beer, ale and other liquors, for three

years. EXP.

CAP. III.

An act for prevention of frauds and perjuries.

rpOR prevention of many fraudulent praftices, which are comtmtr 1R0Jl.Abr.14/ L1 ly endeavoured to be upheld by perjury and fubornation of per-cry; (2) be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent Majesty* y and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and emporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament af-ambled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and af-er the four and twentieth day of June, which (hall be in the ear of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred feventy and feven,

11 leafes, eftates, interefts of freehold, or terms of years, or Parol leafts ny uncertain intereft of, in, to or out of any mefluages, ma- and inters* kors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, made or created by «^,oWh ivery and feifin only, or by parol, and not put in writing, and f0Jceofeftates igned by the parties fo making or creating the fame, or their at will only, igents thereunto lawfully authorized by writing, (hall have the orce and effeft of leafes or eftates at will only, and (hall not uther in law or equity be deemed or taken to have any other >r greater force or eftedl; any confideration for making any uch parol leafes or eftates, or any former law or ufage, to the rontrary notwithftanding.

II.  Except nevertheless all leafes not exceeding the term of Except leafes hree years from the making thereof, whereupon the rent re- excecd-erved to the landlord, during fuch term, (hall amount unto two

bird parts at the leaft of the full improved value of the thing* * iemifed.

III.  And moreover. That no leafes, eftates or interefts, either No leafes or Df freehold, or terms of years, or any uncertain intereft, not

oeing copyhold or cuftomary intereft, of, in, to or out of any  or

mefluages, manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, (hall rurrendredby it any time after the said four and twentieth day of June be word, afligned, granted or furrendred, unlefc it be by deed or note in writing, figned by the party fo afligning, granting or furrendring the fame, or their agents thereunto lawfully authorized by writing, or by adt and operation of law.

IV.  And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Promifes and That from and after the said four and twentieth day of June no

xdlion (hajl be brought whereby to charge any executor or ad- ' p miniftrator upon any fpecial promife, to anlwer damages out of his own eftate; (2) or whereby to charge the defendant Upon any (jpecial promife to anfwer for the debt, default or mif-carriages ot another perfon; (3) or to charge any person upon any  6  f

agreement made upon confideration of marriage ; (4) or upon skinnTi4» ’ j

P d 3  gny  143. *  9  1

4<>$ i Mod. 310. i Vent. 361, 361.

3 Lev. 65, 66. x Salk. 180.

Devifes of lands ftiall be in writing and attefted by three or tour witnefies.

3 I,ev. 86. Cart hew 35. 51*.

Ellis v. Smith, in chan. Hill. >754-

Hcnrtlie feme fhall be revocable.

3 Mod. ««}, 220| ftfo.

All declarations or crca tions of trulls lhali be in writing. JLxpUnned hy 4 Ann. c. 16.

t. 15.

Trufts ariiing, transferred or extinguifhed by implication, of law, are excepted. Lloyd v. Spillk in chan. Hill, 1740.

Alignments oftruftsfhallbe in writing.

Annovncefiw nonoCAROLi IL e.$. {jfn any contradt or fele of lands, tenements or hereditaments, a any intereftin or concerning them; {5) or upon.any ment that is not to be performed ¥ritlun the fpace of one set from the making thereof 3 (6)unlefs the agreement upon wtna fuch adtion (hail be brought, or fome memorandum or cots thereof, {hall be in writing, and figned by the party to btj charged therewith, or fome other perfoa thereunto by him lawfully authorized.

V.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefeid, That from and after the said four and twentieth day of ymu&k-riles and bequefts of any lands or tenements, devKsble cfcfea by force of the ftamte of wills, or by this ftatute, or by fern of the cuftom of Kent, or the cuftem of any borough, of in other particular cuftom, (hall be in writing, and figned by da party to dcrifing the fame, or by fome other perfect in h'n p*-fence and by his exprcfs^diredkions,' and (hall be attefled ml fabferibed in the prefence of the hid devifor by three or too credible witnefies, or elfe they (hall be utterly wad and of not

effea.

VI.  And moreover, no devife in writing of lands, tenctteoo or hereditaments, nor any claufe thereof, (hall at any time after the (aid four and twentieth day of Jane be revocable, other-wife than by fome other will or codicil In writing, orothtr writing declaring the fame, or by burning, cancelling, tearing or obliterating tne feme by the teftator himfelf, or in bis prefence and by his diredbons and confent ; (2) but all devife and bequefh of lands and tenements (hall remain and continue in force, until the fame be burnt, cancelled, tom or obliterated by the teftator, or his directions, in manner aforefakl, or nn* ms the fame be altered by fome other will or codicil in writing, or other writing of the dcrifor, figned in the prefence of three or four witnefies, declaring the fame; any former law or o&ge to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.  And be it farther enadted by the authority aforefed, That from and after the said four and twentieth day of all declarations or creations of trufts or confidences of any hod?, tenements or hereditaments, (hall be manifefted and proved bj fome writing figned by the party who is by law enabled to declare fuch truft, or by his last will in writing, or eke they (half be utterly void and of none effedh

VIII.  Provided always. That where any conveyance OuH be made of any lands or tenements by which a truft or confidence (hall or may arife or refult by the implication or conftru&oo of law, or be transferred or extinguished by an adt or operation of law, then and in every fuch cafe fuch truft or confidence fhall be of the like force and effedt as the feme would hare been if this statute had not been made; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.  And be it further enadted. That all grants and iffign-ments of any truft or confidence (hall likewife be in writm*, figned hy the party granting or affigning die feme, or by fuchhft mil or devife, or elie (hall likewife bt utterly void and of none efied.

X. And

 (^.ooQle

1676.] Anno vicefimo nono Caroli H. C.3.  407

X.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid, Lands, kc.

That from and after the said four and twentieth day of June it  c

(hall and may be lawful for every fheriff or other officer to J£cnts  of

whom any writ or precept is or (hall be directed, at the fait eefhg <pe trufl. of any person or perfons, of, for and upon any judgment, fta-

tute or recognizance hereafter to be made or had, to do, make and deliver execution unto the party in that behalf fuing, of all fuch lands, tenements, redories, tithes, rents and hereditaments, as any other person or persons be in any manner of wife foiled or poflefled, or hereafter (hall be feifed or poflefied, in truft for him agakift whom execution is fo fued, like as the (herifF or other officer might or ought to have done, if the said party against whom execution hereafter (hall be fo fued, had been feifed of fuch lands, tenements, redories, tithes, rents or other hereditaments of fuch eftate as they be feifed of in truft for him at the time of the laid execution fued; (2) which lands, And held free tenements, redories, tithes, rents and other hereditaments, from the in-by force and virtue of fuch execution, ihall accordingly be held  °

and enjoyed freed and difeharged from all incumbrances of fuch feifedin truft. person or persons as ihall be (o feifed or poflefied in truft .for the person against whom fuch execution (hall be fued ; (3) and if Truft (hall be any ceftvy que truft hereafter (hall die, leaving a truft in fee-fimple to defeend to his heir, there and in every fuch cafe fuch % vCrn. 248* truft (hall be deemed and taken, and is hereby declared to be, aflets by defeent, and the heir (hall be liable to and chargeable with the obligation of his anceftors for and by reafon of fuch aflets, as fully and amply as he might or ought to have been, if the eftate in law had defeended to him in pofleffion in like manner as the truft defeended ; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XI.  Provided always. That no heir that (hall become charge- No heir (hall able by reafon of any eftate or truft made aflets in his hands by

this law, (hall by reafon of any kind of plea or confefllon of come charge* the adlion, or fettering judgment by nimt dedirt, or any other able of his matter, be chargeable to pav the condemnation out of his own own eftate. eftate; (2) but execution (nail be fued of the whole eftate fo made afiets in his hands by defeent, in whole hands foever it (hall come after the writ purchafed, in the fame manner as it 16 to be at and by the common law, where the heir at law pleading a true plea, judgment is prayed against him there* upon; any thing in this prefent a<ft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.  And for the amendment of the law in the particulars Eftates^r following ; (2) be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That from henceforth any eftate pur auter vie (hall be devifable ^Geo.i.c to. by a will in writing, figned by the party fo deviling the fame, or by fome other person in his prefence and by his exprefs directions, attefted and fubferibed in the prefence of the devifor by three or more witnefies; (3) and if no fuch devife thereof be An<j ^ be made, the fame (hall be chargeable in the hands of the heir, if aflets in the it (hall come to him by reafon of a fpecial occupancy as aflets by heirs hand.

D d 4  defeent.

 v^»ooQle

408

Anno vicefimo nono Caroli II. 03.  t167^.

And where as in cafe of lands in fee-fimple; (4.) and in cafe there be ne there i> no fpecial occupant thereof, it (hall go to the executors or admini-fpecial occu- ftrators of the party that had the eflate thereof by virtue of the to'th’e etecif-0 grant, and (hall be affets in their hands, tors. Carthew 376. s Salk. 464. % Vern. 719.

XIII,  And whereas it hath bun found mifcbievous, that judgment: in the Kings courts at Weftminfter do many times relate to the fvf day of the term whereof they are entred, or to the day of the return ej the original, or filing the bail, and bind the defendants landsfrom that time, although in truth they were acknowledged or fuffered and figmd in the vacation-time after the said term, whereby many times purcha-fers find themfehes agrieved:

XIV.  Be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the said four and twentieth day of June any judge or officer of any of his Majesty*s courts of IVenmmfter, that (hall fign any judgments, (hall at the figning of tne fame, without fee for doing the fame, fet down the day of the month and year of

doing, upon the paper book, docket or record which he palatine by 8 frail fign \ which day of the month and year (hall be alio en-Geo 1. c. 15. tred upon the margent of the roll of the record where the laid f*  judgment  ihall  be  entred.

And fuch XV. And be it enadted, That fuch judgments as agaxnft su^hJTp^rch- purchafers bona fide for valuable confideration erf* lands, tene-s&rs (hall re- ments or hereditaments to be charged thereby, (hall in confi-late to fuch deration of law be judgments only horn fuch time as they ihall be fo ftgned, and (hall not relate to the first day of the term thereof they are entred, or the day of the return of the original pr filing the bail; any law, u(age or courfe of any court to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

The day of figning any

ament be entred on the margent of the roll.

time only.

Writs of ex-

?nd°th^pro ^at fr°m an<* a^er ^c  four and twentieth day of June no

perty of goods wir^  ^ri’ facias or other writ of execution fhall bind the pro-

but from the perty of the goods against whom fuch writ of execution is hied forth, but from the time that fuch writ (hall be delivered to the fheriff, under-fheriff or coroners, to be executed: and for the better manifeftation of the (aid time, the (heriff, under-fheriff and coroners, their deputies and agents, (hall upon the receipt of any fuch writ, (without fee for doing the fame) endorfe upon the back thereof the day of the month or year whereon he or they received the fame.

XVII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

time of their delivery to the officer.

1 Salk. 310. Carthew 419. 1 Mod. 188. a Keb. 157.

Contrafh for Tales of goods

for ten pounds That from and after the said four and twentieth day of June or more. po contra# for the fale of any goods, wares and merchandizes, Thuan. hift. for the price of ten pounds fterling or upwards, (hall be allowed • 39- • *5- to foe good, except the buyer (hall accept part of the goods fo fold, and a#ually receive the fame, or give (bmething in earned to bind the bargain, or in part of payment* or that fome note or memorandum in writing of the said Dargain be made and figned by the parties to be charged by fuch contra#, or their agents thereunto lawfully authorized.

XVIII. And

6y 6.J  Anno vicefimo nono Caju>lI II. c.3. \  409

XVIII.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. The day of "hat the day of the month and year of the enrolment of the ^^^Pent ^cognizances fhaU be fet down in the margent of the roll zancwSalibe 'here the said recognizances are enrolled ; (2) and that from ftt down, and ad after the said four and twentieth day of June no recogni- lands in the ance fhall bind any lands, tenements or hereditaments in the 0JTpurr ands of any purchafer bonafde and for valuable confideration, fom thatU” ut from the time of,fuch enrolment; any law, ufage or courfe time only.*

f any court to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XIX.  And far prevention of fraudulent practices in fitting up Nuncupative uncupative wills, which have been the ouafionof much perjury; £2)

e it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after

he aforefaid four and twentieth day of June no nuncupative

rill fhall be good, where the eftate thereby bequeathed fhall ex-

eed the value of thirty pounds, that is not proved by the oaths

>f three witnefles (at the leaft) that were prefent at the making

hereof; (3) nor unlefs it be proved that the teftator at the time Kxplmnedby

)( pronouncing the fame, did bid the persons prefent, or feme ♦ Ann. c. iS.

>f them, bear witnefs, that fuch was his will, or to that effedt; '* I4m*

4) nor unlefs fuch nuncupative will were made in the time of he last ficknefs of the deceafed, and in the house of his or her labitation or dwelling, or where he or fhe hath been refident or the fpace of ten days or more next before the making of Fuch will, except where fuch person was furprized or taken fick,

>eing from his own home, and died before he returned to the place of his or her dwelling.

XX.  And be it further enabled. That after fix months pafled after the (peaking of the pretended teftamentary words, no teftimony mail be received to prove any will nuncupative, except the said teftimony, or the lubftance thereof, were committed to writing within fix days after the making of the said will.

XXI.  And be it further enadted, That no letters tcftamen- probates of tary or probate of any nuncupative will fhall pafs the feal of any nuncupative court, till fourteen days at the leaft after the deceafe of the tel- wills, tator be fully expired; (2) nor (hall any nuncupative will be at

any time received to be proved, unlefs procefs have first i/Tued to call in the widow, or next of kindred to the deceafed, to the end they may conteft the fame, if they pleafe.

XXII.  And be it further enadted, That no will in writing Raymond 334. concerning any goods or chattels, or perfonal eftate, fhall be repealed, nor fhall any daufe, devife or bequeft therein, be altered

or changed by any words, or will by word of mouth only, except the fame be in the life of the teftator committed to writing, and after the writing thereof read unto the teftator, and allowed by him, and proved to be fo done by three witnefles at-the leaft.

XXIII.  Provided always. That notwithftanding this adf, any Soldiers and foldier being in adtual military fervice, or any mariner or fea- mariners wills man being at fea, may difpofe of his moveables, wages and per- excepted, fonal ?ftate, as he or they might have done before the making

of this adh

X^IV. And it is hereby declared, That nothing in this adl The jnrifdic-

0ia]] tion of courts laved.

 v^ooQie

4*0

ix Sr i) Car.

*. C. 10.

Hatbands not

compellable to make diftri-bution of the perfonal eltates of their wires, i Mod. 131.

Anno vicefimo nono Caroli II. c.4,5.  £"167^.

(hall extend to alter or change the jttri9diftion or rigtitof probate of wills concerning perfonal eftates, but that the prerogative court of the archbimop of Canterbury, and other ecdefiaftkal courts, and other courts having right to the probate of fuch wills, (hall retain the feme right and power as they had before, in every refeed j fabied nevorthelefe to the rules and direAsens of this ad.

XXV.  And for the explaining one ad of this prefer* parliament, intituled. An ait fm the better fettling ef intefates eftate*; fa) be it declared by the authority aforefeid. That neither the laid ad, nor any thing therein contained, (hail be construed to extend to the eftates of feme coverts that (hall die inteftmte, but that their hufeands may demand and have adminiftrarion of their rights, credits, and other perfonal eftates, and recover and enjoy the feme, as they might have done before the making of the (aid ad. Made perpetual by 1 Joe. 2. r. 17. /. 5.

CAP. IV.

An ad for ereftinr a judicature to determine differences touching books burnt and oemolifhed by the late dreadful fire in Southwark.

Who (hall be commiffionera. Their power aad manner of proceeding. Their decrees (hall be binding and condufive. Their furamons of parties and witnefles how to be granted. And how to be ferved. Upon default they may proceed to determine the controverfy. If the perms cannot be found to be fummorted, no proceedings (ball be thereon hfl after fix months. Tofts of fiich as will not begin to build within twt years, &c. may be difpofed of to fuch as will build. And fatisfedboa awarded to the proprietors. Or aflefled by a jury where the parties will not or cannot accept the fame. Decrees made by fewer than feren, and excepted to within thirty days, may be reverted or altered by any (even or more, &c. Such appeals robe finifeed within fix months. Such orders and decrees (hall be effectual, and conclude all perlbns. And not reverted by writ of error or ctrttormri. Such judgments and decrees bow to be entred. The books to be kept by the town clerk of London. The powers given by this aft to continue for three years. An oath to be taken by the judges of the court. Encroachments and purprdfares uponthe high ftreet, how to be regulated. A provifo for ft all-boards notwithftanmng. Differences concerning party-walls and other walls, and lights, pafliges, &c. bow to be mediated. The court (hall order what fees their officers (hall take. Affidavits of ferving procefs how to be taken. The penalty of commhtinr perjury in the fame. Decrees may be figned by the (urvivors of thorn that made them. Leaks and agreements fince the fire (hall be of force, and may be corroborated by decree of the court. Perfons interefled (hall not have votes. Damages may be recovered at law for non-performance of any decree, or a bill in equity maintained for a performance in jptet*. Perfons not abating annoyances may be indifteo. An aftion at law given for money decreed, the decree may be given in evidence. Perfons profecuted may plead the general ilTue, &c. Southwark market (hall be kept where it anciently has been.

CAP. V.

An  aft for taking affidavits in the country, to he made ufe

in the courts of King's  bench, common pleas and exchequer.

FOR the greeter eafe and benefit ofall persons wbatfoever in the taking of affidavits to be made use of and read in his Majeftj s amts of King’s bench, common pleas and exchequer at Weftminrar, as wtM tn matters and things relating to his Majeflj and his revenue, as in ad

other

1676.] Anno vicefimo aono Caroli II. c.5.  411

i ether  matter* and caufe i  tvbptfieperdepend ortt depending m

all or an? eftbe mens aftreftid, or any wife concerning : ings ef or in tbe fame.

IL B« it ena&cd by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by who may im-i and with the advice and content of tbe lords fpiritual and tem- power persons pent,' and common*, in this prefent parliament aflemblcd, and, by the authority of the fame, That the chief juftice, and other ^viU< the juftices of the laid court of Ranges bench for the time being, or any two of them, whereof tbe chief juftice for the time being to be one foclhe fold court of King's bench; (2) and the chief juftice of tbe common pleas, and the reft of the juftices there for the time being, or any two of them, whereof the chief juftice of the fame court to be one for the (aid court of common pleas;

(3) and alfo the lord treafurer, chancellor and barons of the court of exchequer for the time being, or any two or more of them, whereof the lord treafurer, chancellor, or lord chief baron for the time being, to be one for tbe said court of exchequer 5 (4) (hall and may by one or more com million or com-millions under the (email foals of the said refpeftive courts, from time to time as need (hall require, impower what and as many persons as they (hall think fit and fieceflary, in all and every the feveral (hires and counties within the kingdom of England and dominion of JVales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, to take * Salk. 461. and receive all and every (uch affidavit and affidavits as any person or persons (hall be willing arid defirous to make before any of the persons fo impowered in or concerning any caufe, matter or thing depending, or hereafter to be depending, or any wile concerning any of the proceedings to be in the said refpeftive courts, as maners of chancery in extraordinary do use to do;

(5)  and that it (hall and may be lawful for any judge of aflize Judges of af-in his circuit to take and receive any affidavit or affidavits as any person or persons (hall be willing and de(irou9 to make be- affidavits fore him, in or concerning any caufe, matter or thing depend- concerning ing, or hereafter to be depending, or in any wife concerning matter* de-any proceedings to be had in the said courts of King’s bench, common pleas and exchequer, or any of them; (6) which said bench, com-affidavits taken as aforefiud (hall be filed in their (everal and re- monpieasand (jpe&ive offices of the laid courts the fame do concern, and then exchequer, be read and made use of m the said courts, to all intents and purpofes as other affidavits taket) in the said courts now are, and that all and every affidavit and affidavits taken as aforefaid, fhall be of the fame force as affidavits taken in the said refpedtive courts now arc ; (7) and all and every person and persons for- Th* penalty fwearing him, her or themfelves in fuch affidavit or affidavits,

(hall incur and be liable unto the fame penalties, as if (uch affi- fe]ve3 b, fucj, davit or affidavits had been made and taken in open court. affidavits.

III.  Provided, That for the taking of every fuch affidavit, the ^ person or persons fo impowered and taking the fame, lhall for fo taking the doing receive only the fum or fee of twelve pence, and no more, fame (hall re-befides the duty payable to his Majesty for the fame, which hid c«ve but isd. duty to his Majesty (hall not be paid to the said commiffioner,

Anno vicefimo nono Carol! IL c 6,7.  [1676.  |

but to the proper officers in the fat^ refpe&ive ^coorts* before j fuch affidavit or affidavits be therein filed or made use of. I

CAP. VI.  I

An act for the naturalizing of children of hi* Majesty** EngEfli fiibjefts, | - bom in foreign countries during tbe late tteufeles^  J.

All persons whofc parents were fobjefts bora out of the King's donumon \ between tbe i cth of June 1641. and the 04th of Match 1660. declared natural-bom (ubje&s. Such persons (hall within feven years receive the facrament, and within one month after take the oaths of allegiance and fupremacy. And have no benefit of tbit aft dll proofthereof made by certificate and writnefles, Upon proof wbereof by certificate and wk-nefle*, fuch person may prove bis qualification <911*1 wer, ip^haveicff-tificate thereof under fcal of the court. EXP.

cap* vh;

An act for tbe better obfervation of the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday.

FO R the better obfervation and keeping holy the Lord’s day commonly called Sunday; (2) be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majeftyj by and with the advice and con-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and of the commons, in this prefent parliament aftcmbled, and by the authority of the 3 Car. 1. c. r. fame. That all the laws enacted and in force concerning the obfervation of the Lord’s day, and repairing to the church thereon, be carefully put in execution $ (3) ai\d that all and every person and persons whatfoever, (hall on every Lord’s day apply themfelves to the obfervation of the fame, by exercifing themfelves thereon in tbe duties of piety and true religion, pub* Tradcfmcn, lickly and privately \ (4) and that no tradelman, artificer, work* artificers and man, labourer, or other person whatfoever, fhall do or exerrife labourers. any worldly labour, bufinefs or work of their ordinary callings, upon the Lord’s day, or any part thereof (works of necemty and charity only excepted;) (5) and that every person being of the age of fourteen years or upwards, offending in the premufes. None (hall cry fhall tor every fuch offence forfeit the fum of five (hillings; (6) or expofe to and that no person or persons whatfoever, (hall publickly ay, fale wares. (hew forth, or expofe to fale, any wares, merchandizes, fruit, herbs, goods or chattels whatsoever, upon the Lord’s day, or any part thereof, upon pain that every person (o offending (hall forfeit the fame goods fo cried or (hewed forth, or expofed to fale.

Drovers,  II.  And  it is further enabled, That no drover, horfe-courfer,

borfe-cour- waggoner, butcher, higler, their or any of their fervants, (hall fers, wag- travel or come into his or their inn or lodging upon the Lord’s iutchers and day or any part thereof, upon pain that each and every fuch higlers, boats offender fhall forfeit twenty (hillings for every fuch offence; and barges. (2) and that no person pr persons fhall ufe, ijnploy or travel ^oa^tsnby°r uPon Lord's day with any boat, wherry, lighter or barge,

&6 w.&M. except it be upon extraordinary occafian, to be allowed by fome c. as. f! is. juftice of the peace of the county, or head-officer, or fome & 9 Ann. c. juftice of the peace of the city, oorough or town corporate,

•3. £ ao. where the fad (hall be cpmraitted $ (3) upon pain that every

perfon

.

1676.] Anno vicefimo nono Caroli II. c.7.  413

*  perfon fo offending (hall forfeit and lofe the film of five (hillings

*  ior every fuch offence. , (4} And that if any person offending in xn what man-any of the premifles (hall be thereof convicted before any juftice ner the con-

*  of the peace of the county, or the chief officer or officers, or any ri&ion (hall 1 juftice of the peace of or within any city, borough or town cor- bc*

r porate, where the said offences (had be committed* upon his or ; their view, or confeflion of the party, or proof of any one or 1 more wirncffes by oath (which the laid juftices, chief officer or f officers i9 by this ad authorised toadmmifter ) the said juftice,

*  or chief officer or officers (hall give warrant under his or their penalty,

; hand and feal, to the conftables or church-wardens of the parilh

or parilhes where fuch offence (hall be committed, to feize the. said goods cried, (hewed forth or put to fale as aforefaid, and to . fell the (ame, and to levy the said other forfeitures or penalties, by way of diftrefs and lale of the goods of every fuch offender diftrained, rendring to the said offenders the overplus of the monies raifed thereby; (5) and in default of ftich diftrefs, or in In cafe of in-cafe of infufficiency or inability of the said offender to pay the laid forfeitures or penalties, that then the party offending be fet  in

publickly in the docks by the fpace of two hours. (6) And all the docks, and lingular the forfeitures or penalties aforefaid (hall be im-The forfei-ployed and converted to the use of the poor of the parilh where jw«J» the (aid offences (hall be committed, faving only that it (hall ** ^P0^0^ and may be lawful to and for any fuch juftice, mayor or head officer or officers, out of the said forfeitures or penalties, to reward any person or persons that (hall inform of any offence against this ad, according to their difcretions, fo as fuch reward exceed not the third part of the forfeitures or penalties.

III.  Provided, That nothing in this ad contained (hall ex- a prorifion tend to the prohibiting of dremng of meat in families, or dref- tor private ling or felling of meat in inns, cooks (hops or vidualling-w-houfes, for fuch as otherwife cannot be provided, nor. to the

crying or felling of milk before nine of the clock in the morn- * ing or after four of the clock in the afternoon.

IV.  Provided alfo. That no person or persons (hall be im- The profecu-peached, profecuted or molefted for any offence before-mention- tion to be

ed in this ad, unlefs he or they be profecuted for the fame with- within ten in ten days after the offence committed.  days*

V.  Provided, and be it further enacted by the authority afore- The hundred faid. That if any person or persons whatfoever which (hall tra- refponfi-vel upon the Lord’s day (hall be then robbed. That no hundred traveling on* or the inhabitants thereof (hall be charged with or anfwerable the Lord’s for any robbery fo committed, but the person or persons fo rob- day.

bed (hall be barred from bringing any adion for the said robbery; any law to the contrary notwitnftanding; (2) neverthe- But (hall lefs, the inhabitants of the counties and hundreds (after notice make frefli of any fuch robbery to them or fome of them given, or after hue  thc

and ciy for the fame to be brought) (hall make or caufe to be 0 cn crs# made frelh fuit and purfuit after the offenders, with horfemen and footmen, according to the statute made in the twenty-fe-venth year of the reign of Queen EHzofotb upon pain of for-17 Eliz. c. 13.

feitiog

4H  Anno  Vicefimo  mono Caroli II* c.8* f 1676.

feiting to the King's majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, as much money as might have been recovered against the hundred by the partv robbed if this law had not been made..

Service of VI. Provided alfo, That no pcrfon or persons upon die procris on the Lord’s day (hail fenre or execute, or caufe to be ferved or ex-tord'* day ecu ted, any writ, process, warrant, order, judgment or decree (hall be void, (except in cafes of treafon, felony or breach of the peace) but that the fervice of every fach writ, proceft, warrant, order, judgment or decree, (hall be void to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; (2) and the period or persons fo ferving or exe-curing the fame, (hall be as liable to the fuit of the party grieved, and to anfwer damages to him far doing thereof, as if he or they had done the fame without any writ, procefs, warrant, ordicr, judgment or decree at all.

CAP. VIIL

Carthew 504..

At all for confirming and perpetuating augmentations made by ecckftafiicalperfons to small vicarages and curacies.

WHEREAS divers orcbbijbops, biJbot>sy deans and chapters, and $tber ecclefiaftical persons y in obedience to bis Afajtflj's Utters, bearing date toefirft day of June in the twelfth year of bis fold Majesty s reign, and out of a pious care to improve poor vicarages and curacies, where the endowment thereof was found too finaQ to afford a competent maintenance to those that Jerve the cure* have feme bis Majestys happy return, upon their renewing of leafes of ro&eries, or tithes impropriate or appropriate, made or may hereafter make divers re formations beyond the ancient renty to the intent the fame Jbotdi j or might become payable to the said vicars or curates, in augmentatim of their endowments, which have been for the moftpart enjoyed accordingly: (2) bat in regard that fetch refervations were not made to the vicars or curates; or if they wereyno convenient remedy could be had byftuh vicars or curates for the recovery thereof and they were not at the time thereof capable of taking any intereft to their own ufey whereby the said proviftons wiU depend upon the good pleafure of the fuccffen, and may in time be difappointed:

II.  For the eftablifhment thereof, be it enaded by die King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and the commons, in this pre-fent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every augmentation of what nature foever, granted, referved or agreea to be made payable, or intended to be granted, referved or made payable, fincc the said first day of jtme in the twelfth year of his said majefty’s reign, or which (hall at any time hereafter be granted, referved or made payable to any vicar or curate, or referved by way of increafe of rent to the lef-fors, but intended to be to or for the use or benefit of any vicar or curate, by any archbilhop, bifttop, dean, provoft, dean and chapter, archdeacon, prebendary, or other ecclefiaftical corporation, perfori or persons whatfoever, fo malting the said reservation out of any re&ory impropriate, or portion of tithes, belonging to any archbifhop, hi (hop, dean, ptwoft, dean and

chapter.

1676.] Anno vkefimo nono Ca&oli II. c.8.  415

t, chapter, or other ecclefiaftical corporation, period or persons,

] fhall be deemed and adjudged to continue and be, and (hall for ever hereafter continue and remain, as well during the continu-j, ance of the eftate or term upon which the said augmentations » were granted* referved or agreed to be made payable, as after- Augmenta-r wards, in whole hands foever the said redtoncs or portion of tions (hall tithes fhall be or come) which redtorics or portion of tithesdur-. fhall be chargeable therewith, whether the fame be referved {jj® n ^ich . again, or notj (a) and the said vicars and curates refpedavely they are re-. are hereby adjudged to be in the adhial pofleffion thereof, for ferved, and ‘ the use of themfelves and their fucceflors, and the fame (hallaftcrwards* for ever hereafter be taken, received and enjoyed by the (aid vicars and curates, and their fucceflors, as well during the continuance of the term or eftate upon which the said augmentations were granted, referved or agreed to be made payable, as afterwards ; fa) and the said vicars and curates fhall have re- Remedy for ; medy for the tame, either by diftrefs upon the redtories hnpro- the lame.

, priate, or portions of tithes charged therewith, or by adtion of debt against that person who ought to have paid the fame, his executors or admmiftrators; any dilability in the person or per-fons, bodies politick or corporate fo granting, or any difability or incapacity in the vicars or curates, to whom, or to or for whofe use or benefit, the fame are granted or intended to be granted j the statute of Mortmain, or any other law, cuftom, or Magna Char-other matter or thing whatfoever, to the contrary notwith- ta c? 36. (landing.

III.  Provided always. That no future augmentation be con- Aogmenta-firmed by virtue of this adt, which fhall exceed one moiety of tioiuexceed-the clear yearly value, above all reprizes, of the redtory impro- m*c-priate out of the which the fame (haft be granted or referved. the redtoiy

IV.  And to the end the said vicars and curates may the bet- not confer make appear the certainty of the said augmentations 3 (2) be firmed, it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That every archbilhop, bi-

fhop, dean and chapter refpedttvely, on or before the nine and twentieth day of Septmber next coming, (hall caufe every leafe or grant whereon any fuch augmentation is made, to be fairly Augment*, entred in a book of parchment, to be kept by their refpedHve re- tion-leafe*, pliers for that purpofe. (3) and every dean, archdeacon, pre- wh^to be bendary, or other ecclefiaftical person refpedtively, (hall caufe cn every leafe or grant whereon any fuch augmentation hath been made by himfelf, his predeccflbr or predeceflors, to be entred in the said book, to be kept by the regifter of the bifhop of the diocefe ; for the entring whereof no fee (hall be paid, nor any Fee for entiling demanded, fave only a reafonable reward to the clerk for tnnS* entring the fame, not exceeding five (hillings ; (4) which said Such entry entry being examined by the refpedtive archbifhop, bilhop or how to be at-dean, and by them refpedtively attefted in the laid book to be a tcftwi!t0 be a true copy of the original leafe or grant, and that the augmen- J^dencTat tation in the fame was intended for fuch ufe, fhall be as a re- law. cord 5 a true copy whereof, proved by witnefles to be a true copy, (hall be deemed, taken, adjudged and expounded to he

good

 v^.ooQle

4i6

Anno vicefimo nono CaRoli II. c.ft.

[i6<

Agreements

rations entred like wife*

good and fufficient evidence in the law, whereupon the fakf w cars and curates refpe&ively (hall and may by virtue of this ai from time to time recover the benefit of fuch augments tion.

V.  And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Thi Faugmen- where any archbUhop, bilhop, dean and chapter, or zny otbe ions, to be ecclefiaftical corporation or perfon' whatfoever, upon the renew

ing or granting any leafe or eftate, have made any agreemen for an augmentation for the vicar or curate, and fuch augmentation hath for any time been accordingly paid, although the laid agreement is not expreifed or mentioned in the laid kafe c* grant, every fuch ecclefiaftical person (hall caufe the fubftanct of fuch agreement to be entred in the said book, to remain for 2 memorial of it to perpetuity.

VI.  And be it further ena&ed, That fuch augmentation i entred (hall likewife continue, and be for ever hereafter good and available in the law, for the benefit of the vicar or const for whom it was intended, and their fucceflors, as well agahm the archbi(hop, bifhop or other ecclefiaftical corporation or perfon, who agreed for the fame, and his and their fucceflors, a against every other person enjoying the said redories or portion of tithes intended to be chargea therewith, in the fame manner, and for which they (hall have the fame remedy, as they (hou^ or ought to have by virtue of this ad, if the fame had been mentioned and referved in and by the leafe.

VII.  And if any queftion (hall hereafter arife concerning the validity of fuch grants, or any other matter or thing in this act mentioned and contained, (uch favourable conftru&ioas, and fuch further remedy if need be, (hall be had and mack for the benefit of the vicars and curates, as heretofore hath been had and made, or may be had for other charitable ufes, upon the ftatutes for charitable ufes.

VIII.  Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if upon the furrender, expiration or

preCs conti- other determination of any leafe wherein any fuch augmenta-augmenu- C ^on as aforefaid hath been or (hall be granted, any new leafe of tiorU to bt the premifles or any part thereof (hall hereafter be made, wkh-void.  out  exprefs continuance of the said augmentation, every (uch

new leafe fhall be utterly void to all intents and purpofes.

A leafe of the IX. Provided always, That this ad, or any thing therein parfonage of contained, (hall not extend or be construed to invalidate, alter or make void one leafe, bearing date the nineteenth of Ofl&r one thoufand fix hundred feventy and fix, made by the dean and chapter of Tori, of the parfonage and tithes of Stourtn in the county of Nottingham, wherein there is an augmentation of fix and thirty pounds per annum referved and made due and payable to the vicar of Stqurton aforefaid, but that the said fum of fix and thirty pounds be always paid to the vicar and his foc-ceffors accordingly; any thing in this zA contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

X. Provided, That this ad, or any thing therein contained, (hall not extend or be construed to invalidate, alter or oate

Augmentations to be favoured in conftru&ion, as charitable ufes.

New leafes without ex-

Stourtou (aved.

A leafe of St. Eval 1 nCcrn wal laved.

void

1676.] Anno vicefimo nono & tricefimo Carol 1II.  417

void one leafc lately made by the dean.and chapter of Exon, unto Arthur Sprey efa; of the tithe-fheaf of the parifh of St.

Evall in the county of Cormvdl, Whereon there is an augmentation of twenty pounds per annum already made due and payable to the vicar of the said parifh during the said leafe, but that the said fum of twenty pounds be always paid to the vicar and his fucceiTors accordingly $ any thing; in this alt contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. DC.

An act for taking away the writ de haeretico comburendo.’

BE it ena&ed by the King’s molt excellent majelty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the writ commonly called Breve de haretico comburendo, with all procefs and proceedings thereupon, in order to the executing fuch writ, or following or depending thereupon, and all punifhment by death, in pur-fuance of any ecclefiaftical cenfures, be from henceforth utterly taken away and abolifbed; any law, ftatute, canon, conftitution, cuftom or ufage, to the contrary heretofore or now in force, in any wife notwithftanding.  '  .

II. Provided always. That nothing in this alt lhall extend or be construed to take away or abridge the jurifdiltion of pro- cai juHfUic-teftant archbilhops or bifnops, or any other judges of any ec- tion. clefiaftical courts, in cafes of atheilm, blafphcmy, herefy or * Salk* >35* fchifm, and other damnable dolirines and opinions, but that they may proceed to pynilh the fame according to his Ma-jefty’s ecclefiaftical laws, by excommunication, deprivation, degradation and other ecclefiaftical cenfures, not extending to death, in fuch fort and no other, as they might have done before the making of this all; any thing in this law contained to the contrary in any wife notwitnftanding.

CAP. X.

An all for the better repairing and maintaining the pier of Great Yar- n Car. i. c.t.

mouth.  at  Car.  a.  c.a»

The duty not to exceed fix pence per chalder, laft, weigh and ton, &c. f. 12.

The powers in the former all revived. Commifiioners how to bechofen.

And now often to meet. This aH when to commence.

Anno  Regni Caroli II. Regis-  Scotia,

Francia & Hibernia, vicejimo nono & tricejimo.

AT the parliament begun at W-cftimnfter the eighth of editions ha*ve it May, Anno Dom. one thoufand fix hundred fixty-one,  -

in the thirteenth year of the reign of our mojl gracious fo- eighth day of vereign lord Charles, by the grace of God, of England, Scot- ^““^t’0atnhe land, France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. {^n'tLth day and by feveral prorogations and adjournments there continued of March. VoL.VIII.  Ee  to

$ Anno vicefimo nono fe trlcefimo Carou ft. C.tf i6yS.

to  the * fifteenth  day of February in the twtnty-mntb  ej

bis Majesty's reign j and thence continued to the thirteenth day of May in the thirtieth year of bis MajeJty's  .

CAP. I.

An a ft for raifmg money by a poll and otherwife, to enable fan Majety to enter into an actual war against the French King, and for prohibiting feveral French commodities. EXP.

CAP. II.

An act for continuance of two former a8s for preventing of theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England.

WHEREAS an aft was made in the fourteenth year of the reign of oar fovereign lord the King that now isy intituled, a.c. ta« An ^ for prcvcntmg of theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England: and whereas alfo another aft was made in the eighteenth year of the reign of our Jaid fovereign lord the Krngy in-18 Car. *• c.j*  An  aft to continue a former aft for preventing of theft

and rapine upon the northern borders of England: both which afts are expired, and have been found very necejfary for the preferve-tion of those places from that great number of lrtvdy disorderly and lawlefs perfins, that ujually frequented thereabouts: be it therefore The aft* of enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the *j k 14 Car. advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and Car. Vc X* commofts> *n this prefent parliament aflembled, and by autho-continucd*' rity thereof. That the said two former afts, and either of them, and every matter, claufe and claufes therein contained, and all and every the powers and authorities thereby given, (hall be, continue and remain in full force from henceforth, for and during the fpace and time of feven years, and alfo from thence until the end of the first feflion of tne next parliament.

The  n.  And  for the better management of the powers and au-

takTfacurity thorities in or by the said two former afts given; (2) be it of fuch as further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the said fevera. they employ juftices of peace of the said refpeftive counties (hall from time to to anfwer the timCj at the refpeftive quarter-fefllons, take good and fufficient fainttf by U" fecur»ty of the person or persons by them employed in the said their negleft. fervice, for the prefervation of the said refpeftive counties from theft and rapine, to anfwer the damages fuftained by any person or persons by his or their negleft or default therein, and to pay and fetisfy the ftnie within four months after that proof thereof (hall be made by the oath of one or more credible wit-nefles before the juftices of peace of the ftid refyeftive counties, at the next quarter-feffions in the refpeftive county ; (3) which oath or oaths the said iuftice or juftices are hereby authorized to adminifter; fo as the goods ftolen be entred in one of the books to be kept for that purpofe within the fpace of forty-eight Books (hall be jlours after the fame fttall be ftolen or gone; (4) and that books kertowns^for fhall he *cePt f°r that cn<* *n evcrY market-town of the said reentry of goods fpeftive counties, and at fuch other convenient places therein, ftolen. and by fuch person or perfons, as the said juftices of the peace in the said refpeftive counties, at their general felGons of the peace, (hall order or appoint.

6  HI. And

 Goode  J

1677.} Anno triccfimo CaRoli II. c.i,—3.  4T9

III.  And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, The juftices of

That the said feveral juftices of the peace of the said refpeftive P**®* ftaJ1 counties, at the general quarter-feffions of the peace for the said yew/ counties refpeftively, (hall yearly, or every two years at the far- appoint per-* theft, in open court, make choice of and appoint fuch person or Tons to be em-perfons as they (ball refpeftively think fit, for the said counties PloXe<1 in thc refpeftively, to be employed in the said fervice.  crvice.

IV.  Provided, that every person and persons employed for The persons the preservation of the said refpeftive counties from theft and ra- to be employ, pine, or as treafurer for the said fervice, do receive the facra- cd toall take ment of the Lord’s fupper, according to the ufage of the church

of England, in fome publick church, upon fome Lord’s day, of allegiance commonly called Sunday, within the fpace of three months af- and fuorema-ter they (hall enter upon fuch implement, and deliver a ccrtifi- <y» a™ make cate thereof to thc next quarter-feflions in the refpeftive county ap^nted where they (hall be fo employed, and take the oaths of allegiance ^ car.». and fupremacy, and make and fubferibe the declaration appoint- c. %. ed to be made and fubicribed in and by one aft of this prefent parliament, intituled. An act for preventing dangers which may happen from popijh recufantsy under the penalties and forfeitures by the said aft appointed. Continued by 17 Geo. 2. c. 40.

Anno Regni C A R o LI II. Regis Anglia, Scotia, Francia & Hibernia, tricejimo.

AT the parliament begun at Weftminfter eighth day

of May, Anno Dom.  onetbo fix hundred fixty-

one, in the thirteenth year of the reign of our gracious fovereign lord Charles, by the grace of , of England,

Scotland, France and Ireland, King, defender of the , &c. and by feveral prorogations and adjournments there continued to the twenty-third of May * the thirtieth year of. his Majesty's reign.  'l—

CAP. I.

An act for granting a fnppty to hit Majcfty of fix hundred nineteen thousand three hundred eighty eight pounds eleven (hillings and nine pencej ny, ana other

editions have it the fifteenth of July.

for disbanding the army, ana ot her ufes therein mentioned. £

CAP. II.

An act for granting an additional duty to hisMajefty upon wines for three years. EXP.

CAP. III.

An aS for burying in woolen.

WHEREAS an oil made in the eighteenth year of his  i8Car.  t.

reign that now is, intituled. An alt for burying in woolen only, was intended for the lejfening the importation of linen from beyond the  feas, and the encouragement of the woolen and paper manu-

factures of this kingdom, had the fame been obferved j (2) but in re-

E c 2  ■,

Anno tricefimo Carol! II, c.3.

[*677:

The (hit. of 18 Car. a. c.4. repealed.

fpeSl there was not a fujfficicnt remedy thereby given for the iifeaver) and projection of offences againjl the jaid lawy the Jame bath hitherto not nod the tffett thereby intended:

II. For remedy whereof, be it enafted by the King’s xnoft excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and conient of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of die lame. That the laid aft, and all the dailies and provifoes therein, (hall be and are hereby annulled and repealed, to all intents, conftruftions and purpofes whatfoever.

No corps (hall III. And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid, That be buried but from and after the first day of Auguft one thouund fix hundred in woolen. ^ feventy-cieht, no corps of any person or persons lhall be buried in any mirt, fhift, meet or ftiroud, or any thing wharfo-foever made or mingled with flax, hemp, filk, hair, gold or filver, or in any fluff or thing, other than what is made of Iheeps wool only, or be put in any coflin lined or faced with a-ny fort of cloth or fluff, or any otner thing whatfoever, that is made of any material but (heeps wool only : (2) upon pain of The penalty, the forfeiture of five,pounds of lawful money of England, to be fecovered and divided as is hereafter in this aftexprefled and direfted.

Regifters (hall IV. And it is enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all per-be kept in eve-Tons in holy orders, deans, parfons, deacons, vicars, curates ry parifh of  their or 0f their fubftitutes, do within their refpeftive

Soe?*bUnC P^foes, precinfts and places, take an exaft account, and keep a regifter, of all and every person or persons buried in his or their refpeftive parifhes or precinfts, or in fuch common burial-Affidavit tobe places as their refpeftive parifliioners are ufually buried ; (2) and < i^e within that feme one or more of the relations of the party deceafed, or ter each^buri- ot^er credible perfon, lhall within eight days next after fuch in-al, that the terment, bring an affidavit in writing under the hands and feals person was bu of two or more credible witnefles, and under the hand of the ried in woolen, magiflrate or officer before whom the fame was fwom (for which nothing (hall be paid) to the mmifter or parfon. That the said person was not put in, wrapt or wound up, or buried in any fhirt, (hift, (heet or fhroud, made or mingled with flax, hemp, filk, hair, gold or filver, or other than what is made of Iheeps wool only, or in any coffin lined or faced with any doth, fluff or any other thing whatfoever, made or mingled with flax, inhdefiiuktUrC  filk,  hair, gold or filver, or any other material but (heeps

thereof wool onty > (3) an^ if no relation of the party buried, or other perfon, (nail bring an affidavit as aforefaid, to the parfon or mi-nifler, within the time aforefaid, That then the goods and chattels of the party deceafed (hall be and are hereby made liable to the aforefaid forfeiture of five pounds •, (4) to be levied by wiy of diflrefs and fait thereof, by warrant ot the chief magiflrate in any town corporate, or any juftice of the peace, or in default thereof, by like diflrefs and (ale of the goods of the person in whofe house the said party died, or of any that had a hand id putting fuch person into any fhirt, (hift, (heet, fhroud or coffin,

con-

i 677.] Anno tncefimo Caroli II. c.3.*  421

contrary to this aCl, or did order or difpofe the doing thereof;

($) and in cafe fuch person were a fervant, and that he or (he died in the family of his or her mafter or miftrefs, That the fame be levied on the goods or chattels of his or her mafter or miftrefs; (6) and if fuch person died in the family of his or her father or mother. That then the fame be levied upon the goods and chattels of his or her father or mother, in manner and by warrant as aforefaid; (7) which said forfeiture or forfeitures fhall be levied, paid and allowed out of the eftate of the said deceafed perfon, before any ftatute, judgment, debt, legacy, or any other duty whatfoever, due, owing or payable from the laid deceafed*

V.  And it is hereby further enabled, That the said affidavit affidavits (hall be made or taken before feme one juftice of the peace, or b^akeri!* mafter of chancery, ordinary or extraordinary, mayor, bailiff,

or other chief officer of the city, county, borough, corporation By 3* Car. a* or market-town in the county where tne (aid party was buried, c. 1. f. 3. it who are hereby authorized and required to adminifter the said b* taken oath, and to atteft the fame under their hands upon fuch affida-  ****

vit, gratis: (2) and in cafe no fuch affidavit (hall be brought to what courfe the parfon or minifter where the said party was buried as afore- (hall be taken faid, within the said eight days. That fuch parfon or minifter for levying the (hall forthwith rive or caufe notice thereof to be given in writ- J^uch^ffida-ing under his hand, to the church-warden or overfeers of the vjt be brought poor of fuch pari(h, who fhall within eight days after fuch no- to the parfon tice repair to the chief magiftrate in any town corporate, if fuch within eight party was buried in fuch city or town corporate, or elfe to any ^*c^cr m" juftice of the peace, who upon the certificate thereof from the said parfon, minifter or curate, officiating in the said parifh, fhall forthwith grant a warrant for the levying of the said forfeiture on the goods and chattels of the parties before mentioned, rendring the overplus to the parties whofe goods were fo diftrained upon, all reafonable charges being deduced ; (3) one moiety of which forfeitures fhall be to the use and benefit of the poor of the parifh where fuch party fhall be buried contrary to the directions of this a<ft, and the other moiety thereof to the use of the person that (hall inform and fue for the fame, to be recovered by warrant of the chief magiftrate or any juftice of the peace in the city, town corporate or county, where fuch party was buried.

VI.  And in cafe any parfon or minifter fhall negleCl to give The parfon,

notice to the church-wardens or overfeers of the poor as afore- churchwar-feid, or not give unto them a note or certificate under his hand, JjPJ ?r teftifying that fuch an affidavit and certificate was not brought ftrate, &c. to him within the time limited by this aCt, concerning the par- negle&ing ties being interred according to the directions thereof; (2) or foe,r^uty* that the church-wardens or overfeers of the poor fhall not with-  for*clt 5 “•

in eight days after the receipt of fuch certificate repair to fuch

chief magiftrate, or to fome other juftice of the peace, with fuch certificate, and fhew the fame to him, and demand his warrant • thereupon for levying the forfeiture by this act before appointed;

E e 3  (3)  and

 LjOoq le

4U

Anno triccfimo Carou II. c.3.'  [1677.

(3) and in cafe fuch chief migiftrate or juftice of the peace (hall neglect his duty in not ifluing his wanrant for the levying the The forfeiture (aid forfeiture; (4) he or they fo neglecting or offending (hail bow to be re- forfeit for every fuch offence the fum of five pounds of lawful covcrc # money of England j (5) to be recovered by fuch person as (hall fue for the fame by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no efibin, wager of law or protection (hall be allowed, and wherein alfo the profecutor (hall recover his full cofts, fo as the fuit be commenced within fix months after the offence (hall be committed; (6) one fourth part of which said forfeitures (hall be to the use of his Majcfty, his heirs and fucceflors; two other fourth parts thereof (hall be to the use of the poor of the pariih where the person fo offending or neglecting his duty (hall dwell; and one other fourth part to the person that (hall inform and fue for the lame.

______________   VII.  And  it  is  hereby further ena&ed. That the parfon or

and'affidavits, miniftcr of every parifh (hall keep a regifter in a book to be pro-and where no vided at the charge of the pariih, and make a true entry of all bf u* ht* ^ *>ur^s ^(^in his pari(h, and of all affidavits brought to him as rooriflt there- R^>refaid, within the time limited as aforefekl j (2) and where of (hall be en- no fuch affidavit (hall be brought to him within fiich time, that

And how di< ftributed.

AH burials

tied.

Accounts of burials, and minifters cer tificates, and

be made from time to time by the over-feers of the poor.

he enter a memorial thereof in the said regiftry, against the name of the party interred, and of the time when he notified the fame to the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor.

VIII.  And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore-faid. That in the first account to be given in by apy overfeers of the poor, after the first day of Augujt one thoufand fix hundred

.  feventy-eight,  they do and (hall give an account, as by this aft

pmaltfes, and *s hereafter directed, of all burials within their parilhes from the the difpolal feid first day of Auguft one thoufand fix hundred feventy-eight to thereof, (hall the time ot the giving in the said account; (2) and that for the future when and as often as the overfeers of the poor do give up their accounts to the juftices of the peace at the quarter-feffions, or petty-feflions, or any two juftices of the peace in their monthly meetings, that they do and (hall give an account of the name and quality of every person interred within their pariih, from the time of their former account, and of fuch certificates as came to their hands from the parfon or minifter of the (aid parifli, that the persons therein mentioned were interred contrary to the direftions and true intent of this aft, and of their levying the penalty on the offenders according to this aft, and alio a true account of the difpofal of the fame; (3) under the penalty of five pounds, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuch churchwardens or overfeers, by warrant from the said juftices of the peace, or any two of them ; (4} and that no account of any overfeers of the poor (hall be allowed after the first day of Augujl one thoufand fix hundred feventy-eight, until they (hall therein account for the burials within the refpeftive parilhes as is before directed.

IX.  Provided, That no penalty appointed by this aft (haU be incqrrcd for or by reafon of any person that (hall die of the plague,

although

Perfcns that die of the

167 7-3 Anno tricefimo Carom II. 0.4,5.  *.  423

although fuch perfpns (hall not be buried as by thisaft is dl- plague ex* re&ed.  ccPtcd-

X.  And it is further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That This aft to be from and after the said first day ot Auguft, the said judges at their givenin charge relpeftive aflizes, and the juftices of the peace at their refpeftive quarter-fefiions, (hall give this aft in charge; (2) and more- f^nons, andf over that this aft lhall be publickly read upon the first Sunday read the first after the feaft of St. Bartholomew every year for feven years next Sunday after following, prefently after divine fervice.  St*

XL And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That if any aftion, bill, plaint, fuit or information, (hall be commenced or profecuted against any person or perfons, for Perions profir-what he or they (hall do in purfuance or execution of this aft, cuted for any fiich person or persons fo fued (hall and may plead the general done b* iffue, not guilty, and upon iffue joined may rive this aft in evi- fhis dence 5 and if the plaintiff or profecutor (hall become nonfuit or plead the ge-fuffer difcontinuance, or if a verdift pals against him, or if up- neral iffue, &c# on a demurrer judgment pafs against him, the defendant (hall recover his treble calls for luch moleftation.

CAP. IV.

An act for the further relief and difeharge of poor diftreffed prisoners for 21 &2- Can

debt.  c. ao.

CAP. V.

An for repealing certain words in a claufe in a former a£ly intituledy An act for enlarging and repairing of common highways.

WHEREAS by an aft ofparliament made in the fourteenth year 13 & 14 Car. si of his Majesty's reign intituledy An act for enlarging and c* 9* repairing of common highways, it is provided^ That no travelling waggony wain9 tart or carriage^ wherein any burthensy goods or wares, are or Jhall be drawn for hire (otherwife than is therein excepted) Jhall at any time travel, be drawn or go in any publick highways or roads with above feven horfe-beafis9 whereof fix Jhall draw in pairSy and not with above eight oxen, or fix oxen and two horfe-beafts; (2) nor Jhall at any time carry above twenty hundred weight between the first of Oftober and the first of May, nor a^ bove thirty hundred weight from thefirft of May to the first of Ofto-ber; (3) nor above Jive quarters ofwheat, meal, meftin9 rye9 peafty beans and tares, nor above eight quarters of barks 9 malt or oats9 and after that proportion under fuch penalties as by the said aft is expreff-ed; (4) which at7, by reafon of thefe words for hire, hath not that good ejfcft which was expefted; many pretending that they carry not for hire9 but the goods and wares they carry are their own9 and many aft ions have been brought by colour thereof against fuch persons as have endeavoured to put the said law in execution9 ana others difeouraged from doing their duty therein :

II.  For remedy whereof, be it enafted by the King's moft ex- 5 Geo.i. c.is. cellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords HGeo.s. c.4»* fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament Jloto.1Vc.x9I aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That thefe words

E e 4  for

.Anno viccfimo nono Caroli II. c.6,7.  £1677,

for hire in the (aid aft exprefled, (hall from henceforth flani void and be repealed to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

CAP. VI.

An act for reviving a former aft\ intituled, 'An aGt for a avoiding unneceffary fuits and delays, and for continuance of one other aft, intituled, An act for the better fettling of inteftates eftates.

itCst i.c.%. WHEREAS one aft of this prefent parliament, intituled. An A c. 1 j. V V aft for avoiding unneceflary fuits and delays, and a^b cm ■%% Sc *3Car. *. other aft, intituled, An act for the better fettling of inteftates c*  eftates,  have  been found to be very beneficial; (2) be it ena&ed by

1 Jac**? c.17. king's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and s * # * 7* confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That the said acts of parliament (hall be in force from the first day of this prefent feffion of parliament, and <b to continue for feven years, and from thence to the end of the next feffion 'of parliament and no longer.

CAP. VII.

An act to enable creditors to recover their debts of the executors and adminiftrators of executors in their own wrong.

WHEREAS the executors and adminiftrators of fuch persons who have pojfeffed themfehes of confiderable perfonal ejlates rf Other dead perfons, ana converted the fame to their own ufe, have ns remedy by the rules of the common law, as it now Jlands, to pay the debts of thoje persons whofe eftate hath been fo converted by their tejlator or intejlate, which hath been found very mifchievous, and many creditors defeated of their iuft debts, although their debtors left behind them fufficient to Jatisfy the fame, with a great overplus:

-3 Mod. 113. II. For remedy whereof, be it enafted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority thereof. That all and every the executors and adminiftrators of any person or perfons, who as executor or executors in his or their own wrong, or ad-miniftrators^lhall from and after the first day of Auguftnextcn-fuing wafte or convert any goods, chattels, eftate or aflets of any person deceafed, to their own ufe, (hall be liable and chargeable in the fame manner as their teftator or inteftate would have been if they had been living. (2) This aft to continue in force for three years, and from thence to the end of the next feffion t jac. *. c. 17. of parliament, and no longer. Made perpetual and enlarged bj 4 y 5 IV. & M. c. 24* /. 12.

CAP.

4*5

*677-] Anno viccfimo nonoCAROLi II. c.8.

CAP. VIII.

An a£l for the admeafurement of keels and boats carrying

coals.

WHEREAS by a Jlatute made in the parliament holden at Weft- « h. 5. c. to.

minfter in the ninth year of the reign of King Henry the *

Fifths entituled, Keels that cany fea-coals to Newcaftle (hall be meafured and marked; it is ordained and ejlablijhed for remedy of deceits therein complained of That all keels that then were, or thereafter Jbould be in the port of Newcaftle, Jbotdd be meafured by certain commijjioners thereto ajjigned by the King, and marked of what portage they were, before that any carriage should be made by the fame, upon pain of forfeiture to the King, of all the said vejfels called keels, by which any fuchcoals Jhall be carried, before that they be marked in manner aforefend.

II. And whereas divers doubts have rifen concerning the intent and meaning of the said oft, and whether Sunderland and other the members of the port of Newcaftle were comprifed within the said aft, and that divers new frauds, deceits and abufes have of late arifen, and are daily praftifed in the carriage of coals by keels and other boats, to the diminution of his Majejlfs cujtoms, and the damage and prejudice of the fellers and buyers of coals5 (2) For remedy thereof, be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That commiffioners (hall from time to time Commiffion-be appointed by has Majesty, his heirs and fucceftors, for the ers (hailbeap-meafuring and marking all and every the keels and other boats, pointed for and carts and wains ufed, or in any time hereafter to be ufed for the carriage of coals in the port of Newcajlle upon Tyne, an(j wag,s Sunderland upon the river Ware, Caller coats, Seaton Sluce, Blythe ufed for car. Nook, and all and every other the members, havens, creeks and nage of coals, places whatfoever to the said port of Newcajlle belonging, or in any wife appertaining, by the bowl-tub of Newcajlle, containing two and twenty gallons and a pottle Winchejler meafure, and Farther provi-being feven and twenty inches diameter upon the top from fim by 6 & 7 out-fide to out-fide, and no more, and allowing one and twenty W. 3* c* i°-bowls of coals to be meafured by fuch bowl-tub by heap meafure to-each chalder, and no more.

III.  Provided always, That the content of each wain (hall be The content feven bowls, and the content of each cart three bowls and one of a wain, of bufhel heaped meafure; and that three fuch wains or fix fuch °* a carts (hall be reckoned and allowed for a chalder, and no more. c cr*

(2) and no coals to be made use of in fuch admeafurement, other then what (hall be good and merchantable, and new wrought and led to the death or wharf within three months be^ fore fuch admeafurement, and one moiety thereof to be dry, and the other moiety thereof being made wet, as hath been anciently accuftomed to be done and pra&ifed; (3) and that all ^eels™d keels and other boats fo admeafured, (hall be marked by the and^by whom

faid to be marked.

 L^ooQie

And when.

The penalty.

Oaths by whom to be adminiftred to officers.

The penalty for removing or altering toe marks.

Anno vicefimo nonoCAROLi II. c.8;  £1677,

faid commiflioners of what portage they are, or by fuch person or persons as (hall be by them or any three of them thereunto authorized and appointed, either by nails upon bulk heads, or partitions to be affixed to the fore and after beam of every fuch keel or boat, or by nails to be driven into the ftemm or ftero-poft of every fuch keel or boat, or by fuch other way or manner as to the (aid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, in their diferetions (hall feem mod meet and convenient to dire# and appoint, for prevention of the evils aforetaid; (4) nor (hall any keel or boat be admeafured or marked, but between the five and twentieth day of March, and the nine and twentieth day of September in any year.

IV.  And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That every keel or other boat, or wain or cart, which from and after tne first day of Augufly which (hall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred Seventy and nine, mall carry any coals in any of the places beforeftud, before they (hall be meafured and marked as afbre&id, by three or more of the laid commiflioners, (hall be and are hereby declared to be for* feited, together with the coals that (hall be found laden upon them; (2) one moiety of all which forementioned forfeitures (hall be to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to him or them that (hall feize and fue for the fame, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wefiemn/lery by bill, plaint, or other information, wherein no efioin, protection or wager of law (hall be allowed; any law, statute or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.  And it is hereby farther enaded by the authority afore-fiud, That the mayor of the town of Newcajlli for the time being, is hereby authorized and required to adxninifter any oath to every person or persons employed and appointed by the said commiflioners, or any three or more of them, for the admea-furing or marking of boats and keels in the river of Tjnty for true and faithful execution and difeharge of their refpcdive trufts j (2) and that the commiflioners to be at any time appointed for the meafuring boats and keels, or any three of them, (hall and may adxninifter the like oath to every person or persons by them employed and appointed for the meafuring or marking of boats and keels, or wains, or carts in all places within the limits of thisaCt, for the true and faithful execution and difeharge of their refpeCfive trufts.

VI.  And it is hereby farther enabled by the authority afbreiaid. That in cafe after theadmeafuring or marking of any boat, or keel, or cart, or wain, the marks (hall be removed or altered, that every person or persons who had a hand in the doing thereof, (hall upon proof thereof by one or more credible witnefles before any juftice of the peace, forfeit the fum of ten pounds, to be levied upon his goods and chattels, by diftrefs and (ale thereof, by warrant of fuch juftice of the peace, (rendring the overplus) and for failer of fuch diftrefs, to be committed to the

CommoQ

1677-1 Anno tricefimo Caroli II. c. r.' '4*7.

common gaol, there to remain for the fpace of three months without bail or mainprize.

CAP. IX.

An a& for jpreiervatian of filhing in the river of Severn.  i  Eli*,  c#

The penalty for destroying the (pawn or fry of fth. Confervstors of the river. Unlawful inftruments, how to be aeftroyed. The (aid offences, how to be jpunifhed. The forfeitures, how to be difpofed. Thejurif-di&ion of lords of leets and frandtifes laved. A laving of the King's rights.

Anno  Regni Caroli  II. Regis ,  %

Francia & Hibernia,tricejimo,.

AT the parliament begun at Weftminfter the eighth day , pf May, Anno Dom. one tboufand fix hundred fixty-one, in the thirteenth year of the reign of our fovereign lord Charles, by the grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. and by • tte. feveral prorogations and adjournments there continued to the  bf°* a

tvoenty-firfiof October*, in the thirtieth year of his Maje- novtm. Jtfs reign.  btr.

CAP.l (Scat, n.)

An a£i for the more effectual  preferving the King*s person and

government, by difabling papifts from fitting in either house of parliament.

FOrafmuch as divers good laws have been made for preventing the j Car. i<c.H increafe and danger of popery in this kingdom, which have not «)* had the dtftred effttts, by  reafon of the free accefs which popijb recu-

fants have had to his Majefiy’s court, and by reafon of the liberty which of late feme of the recufimtshave bad and taken to fit and vote in parliament.

II. Wherefore, and for the fafety of his Majesty’s royal per-fon and government, be it enabled by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpirituai ana temporal, and of the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the first day of December, which ihall be in the year of our Lord God one thousand fix hundred feventy and eight, no per-fon that now is or hereafter Ihall be a peer of this realm, or member of the house of peers, Ihall vote, or make his proxy in the house of peers, or fit th$re during any debate in the said houie of peers; (i)nor any person that now is, or hereafter Ihall be a member of the house of commons, Ihall vote in the house of commons, or fit there during any debate in the said house of commons after their fpeaker is chofen ; (3) until fuch For tbtfeoatht, peer or member (hall from time to time refpe&ivejy, and in 1  &  M,

manner 3 ^c;*'

Anno triccfimo Caroli II. c.i.-  [1677.

manner following, first take the feveral oaths of allegiance and fupremacy, and make, fubfcribe and audibly repeat this declaration following.

The dedara* III. T A. B. do folemnty andfmerely in the prefence ofGodprafefsj tion*  A tejiify and declare, That I do believe that in the focramant of

the Lord's Jupper there is not any tranfubfantiation of the elements of bread and wine into the body and blood of Chrifi at or after the confe-cration thereof by any person whatfoever: (2) And that the invocation or adoration of the virgin Mary or any other faint, and the fo-erifice of the mafs, as they are now ufed in the church of Rome, are fuperjhtious and idolatrous. (3) And I do folemnly in the prefeme of God profefs, tefiifj and declare, That I do make this declaration, and every part thereof, in the plain and ordinary fenfe of the words read Vrit declaration unto me, as they are commonly under food by Engliih proteftants, to bt fubfmbcd without any evafion, equivocation or mental refervotion whatfoever, ***** unthout any difpenfation already granted me for this ptcrpefe by age of eighteen, *^e P°Pe* or other authority or person whatfoever, or without any h 1 Aimse, * hope of any fuch difpenfation from any person or authority whatfoever, ftat. 1. c. 3*. or without thinking that I am or can be acquitted before God or man, 7*  or abfohed of this declaration or any part thereof \ although the pope,

or any other person or perfons, or power whatfoever, fliould difpenfo with or annul the fame, or declare that it was null or void from the beginning.

The time and IV. Which laid oaths and declaration (hall be in this and place of taking every fucceeding parliament folemnly and publickly made and the oaths, and fubferibed betwixt the hours of nine in the morning and four in fab^i^insr aftcrnoon> by every fuch peer and member of the house of the dedara-  at  the table in the middle of the said houfe, before he

tion.  take his place in the said house of peers, and whilft a full houfe

of peers is there with their fpeaker in his place; (2) and by every fuch member of the house of commons, at the table in the middle of the said houfe, and whilft a full house of commons is there duly fitting with their fpeaker in his chair; (3) and that the fame be done in either house in fuch like order or method as each house is called over by refpeftively.

V.  And be it further enadted. That from and after the laid first day of December every peer of this realm, and member of the house of peers, and every peer of the kingdom of Scotland, or of the kingdom of Ireland, being of the age of one and twenty years or upwards, not having taken the said oaths, and made Members of and fubferibed the said declaration; (2) and every member of parliament not the said house of commons, not having as aforelaid taken the fwearing and fa;j oaths, and made and fubferibed the said declaration ; (3) aforefailf and an<* everY P^011 now, or hereafter convi&ed of popilh recu-reculants con- fancy, (4) who hereafter (hall at any time after the said first day vift, forbid- of December come advifedly into or remain In the prefence of den the King's the King’s majefty or Queen’s majefty, or (hall come into the pretence*1 * court or b°ufe where they or any of them refide, as well during p * the reign of his prefent Majesty, (whofe life God long preferve;

as during the reigns of any his royal fuceellbrs Kings or Queens

1677O Anno tricefimo CAROLi II. c.i.  429

of England y (5) (hall incur and fuffer all the pains, penalties, forfeitures and dilabilities in this ad mentioned or contained;

(6)  unlefs fuch peer, member or person fo convided, do re-lpedively in the next term after fuch his coming or remaining, take the said oaths, and make and fubfcribe the said declaration in his Majesty’s high court of chancery between the hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon.

VI.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, The penalty That if any person that now is, or hereafter (hall be a peer of uponmembers this realm, or member of the house of peers, or member of the 0jppa?ament house of commons, (hall prefume to do any thing contrary to tiw t» th^" this ad, or (hall offend in any of the cafes aforefaid; that then ad/ every fuch peer and member fo offending (hall from thenceforth be deemed and adjudged a popilh recufant convid to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, (2) and (hall forfeit and fuffer as a popiui recufant convid 5 (3) and (hall be .difabled to hold or execute any office or place of jprofit or truft civil or military, in any of his Majesty’s realms of England or Ireland, dominion of JValeSy or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in any of his Ma-. jefty’s iflands or foreign plantations to the said realms belonging j (4) and (hall be difabled from thenceforth to (it or vote m either house of parliament, or make a proxy in .the house of peers, (5) or to fue or use any adion, bill, plaint or information in courfe of law, or to profecute any fuit in any court of equity, (6) or to be guardian of any child, or executor or ad-miniftrator of any perfon* (7) or capable of any legacy or deed of gift; (8) and (hall forfeit for every wilful offence against this ad the fum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered and re-* ceived by him or them that (hall fue for the fame, and to be profecuted by any adion of debt, fuit, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majesty’s courts at JVejlminjlery wherein no eiloin, protedion or wager of law (hall lie.

VII.  And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Either house That from the said first day of December it (hall and may be of parliament lawful to and for the house of peers and house of commons, or ^Yhei^mem-either of them refpedively, as often as they or either of them to fwcar“ (hall fee occafion, either in this prefent parliament, or any other and fubfcribe hereafter to be holden, to order and caufe all or any of the as aforefaid. members of their refpedive houfes of parliament, openly in their refpedive houfes of parliament, to take the said oaths, and to make and fubfcribe the said declaration, at fuch times, and in fuch manner, as they (hall appoint. (2) And if any peer (hall, contrary to fuch order made by their said houfe, wilfully prefume to fit therein, without taking the said oaths, and fub-feribing the said declaration, according to the (aid order, every fuch peer, or member of the house ot peers, fo prefuming to fit, (hall be adjudged, and is hereby declared, to be uncapable and difabled in law to all intents and purpofes whatfoevpr, to fit in the said house of peers, and give any voice therein, either by proxy or otherwife howfoever, during that parliament: (3)

And if any member or members of the house of commons 2  (hall,

 v^»ooQle

43<>

Anno tricefimo Carou II. c.i.  1677.

(hall* contrary to fuch order made by their houfe, wilfully prefume to fit therein* without taking the said oaths, and mak-. mg and fubfcribing the said declaration* every fuch member or members of the house of commons, fo prefuming to fit, (hail be adjudged and is hereby declared to be uncapable and difabled in law to all intents ana purpofes whatfoever to fit in the (aid house of commons* or give any voice therein during that parliament.

The placet of VIII. And be it enafted, That in every cafe where any member or members of the house of commons (hall by rirtnc common* °dif- this aft be difabled to fit or vote in the house of commons, abled to vote,* then and in every fuch cafe, without any further conviction or dull be void, other proceedings against fuch member or members* the place and writs ifloe or places for which they or any of them were elefted* is hereby Srftioofc** declared void} (a) and a new writ or writs (hall ifliie out of the high court of chancery by warrant or warrants from the (peaker of the house of commons for the time being, and by order of the laid houfe, for the ekftion of a new member or members to ferve in the house of commons* in the place or places of fiich member or members ib difabled, to all intents and purpofes, as if fuch member or members were naturally dead. The King’s IX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, and Queen's That from and after the first day of  one tnoufand fix

fcdlfaw^is* ^“Hdred fcventy and eight, every peifon then being* and who afbrefiud, and after that time (hall be* a fwom fervant to the King’s or Queen’s make andfub- majefty, not having before that time duly taken the oaths* and fcribe the said made and fubfcribed the declaration contained in an aft, inti-sTcar*1*0" s.  ftr preventing dangers which may happen from popik

Repealed iy ’ recu fonts, (half take the said oaths, and make and fubfcribe the 1 a Geo. s.c.31. declaration before exprefied, in his Majesty’s high court of 9*  chancery,  in the manner aforefaid* either in the next term after

the said first day of December, or in the next term after any fuch person (hall be fo fwom a fervant; or in cafe of lawful impediment by ficknefs, proved upon oath* and allowed to be fuch nnder the hand of the lord chancellor or lord keeper for the time being, then io the next term after fuch impediment removed ; (2) and if any fuch person lhall refufe or negieft to do the fame, and yet after fuch refufal or negieft (hall advifedly come into or remain in the prefence of the King’s or Queen’s majefty, or lhall come into the court or house where they or any of them refide, as well during the reign of his prefent Majesty, as during the reigns of his ana their royal foccefibrs. Kings or Queens of England, and every of them, every fuch person (hall be difabled to hold any place as fuch fworn fervant, and (hall incur and fuffer all the pains, penalties, forfeitures and difabili-ties in this aft mentioned or contained.

A provifion X. Provided, That nothing in this aft lhall relate to or tor the Queen have any effeft upon any person being a natural-bom fubjeft of to have the King of Portugal, who now is or hereafter (hall be a fwom eighteen pop- fervant to the Queen’s majefty, not exceeding nine in number ervan s. a( any onc  t(J. fuch women fervants as her Ma-

jefty

1677*1  Annotricefimo Caroli II. c.i.  431

jefty (hall under her hand and feal from time to time for that purpofe be pleafed to nominate, the said women fervants fo nominated not exceeding the number of nine at any one time.

XI.  And be it enaded, That during the time of taking of the said oaths, and making and fubfcribing the ibid declaration, all other matters and proceedings, as well in the said houfes of parliament, as in the laid court, (hall ceafe; (2) and the (aid oaths, declaration and fubfcription, together with a fcheduleof the names of the persons who (hall by virtue of this ad take and fubfcribe the fame, (hall be made, entred and filed in parchment-rolls from time td time, duly provided for that purpofe by the clerk of the house of lords, and the clerk of the house of commons, and by the clerk of the tfettv bag in chancery, for the feveral and refpcdive ufes as aforefaid5 (3) and none of the peers or members (hall give or pay any fee or reward to any fuch clerk, above the fum of twelve-pence for the entry of his taking the said oaths, and making and fubfcribing the said declaration : (4) All which rolls relpedively the said clerks are hereby required from time to time, without any fee or reward, to (hew to any person defiring to look upon thfe fame: (5) And the said house of peers, and house of commons, and court of chancery, are hereby feverally impowered and required in the first place, all other bufinefs laid afide, to adminifter the said oaths, declaration and fubfcription refpcdively, as occafion (hall be from time to time, to all and every the person and persons aforefaid, duly demanding the fame, according to the directions, purport and meaning of this prcfent ad.

XII.  Provided always. That this ad, nor any thing herein contained, (hall extend to the prejudice of any person for coming fix privy coao-into or remaining in the prefence of the King or Queen's ma- feUors, may jefty, who (hall first have licence fo to do by any warrant under come into the the hands and feals of fix or more privy councillors, by order

of his Majesty*s privy council, upon fome urgent occafion there-

in to be expreffed, fo as fuch licence exceed not the fpace of ten withftandiag

days, and that the said licence be first filed and put upon re- this ad.

cord in the office of the petty bag in chancery, for any body to

view without fee or reward, and no person be licenced for above

the number of thirty days in any one year.

XIII.  Provided neverthelefs. That if any offender contrary to  a*

this ad (hall at any time after fuch offence take the said oaths,

and make and fubfcribe the said declaration, in his Majesty’s the said oaths, high court of chancery, and in the manner aforefaid, every &c. (hall he fuch person lhall be from thenceforth freed and difeharged of difeharged of and from all feizures, penalties and lodes which he might other- ^Pcn*luaf» wife fuftain or bear for or by reafon of being a popifh recufant. convid by virtue of this ad; (2) and (hall be freed and difeharged from all difabilities ana incapacities incurred thereby;

(3) (o as fuch freedom and difeharge extend not to reftore any luch person to any office or place filled and fupplied upon void-ance by this ad; (4) nor to any other office till after the expiration of one year from the taking the said oath, and making

the

A provifo for. the duke of York.

the declaration aforefaid; (5) nor to make void, or at any ring difcharge the said forfeiture of five hundred pounds, incurred as aforefaid.

XIV.  Provided always, That nothing in this a& contained fhall extend to this royal highness the duke of Tori.

Anno Regni Caroli II. Regis Anglia, , Francia £? Hibernia, tricejimo primo.

AT the parliament begun and held at Weftminfter on the Jixtb day of March one tboufand fix hundred eigbtby in the one and thirtieth year of the reign of our Jo-vereign lord Charles the , by the grace of , oj England, Scotland, France and Ireland, , defender of • KM, tie. the  faith, &c. on the twenty-feventb * day of May one -

theninthda*  hundred feventy-ninc, the following a8s tie

wn *7* royal affent.

CAP. I.

An act for granting a fupply to his Majesty of two hundred and fix thousand four hundred fixty-two pounds feventeen (hillings and three-pence, for paying off and difoanding the forces raifed fince the nine and twentieth of September one thousand fix hundred feventy-fe?en. EXP, except the iait clauie.

Soldiers (hall LIV. And whereas by the laws and cuflms of this realm the in-be quar- habitants thereof cannot be compelled againjl their wills to receive fol-tefed on any diers into their boufesy and to fojoum them there; (2) be h declared perfonsagainlt and enadted by the authority aforefaid. That no officer, mili-their content. tary or cjvj]9 nor any other person whatever, fhall from henceforth prefume to place, quarter or billet any foldier or fokliers upon any fubjelt or inhabitant of this realm, of any degree, quality or profeflion whatever, without his confent; (3) and that it (hall and may be lawful for every fuch fubjedt and inhabitant to refufe to fojoum or quarter any foldier or foldier*, notwithftanding any command, order, warrant or billeting whatever.

CAP. II.

An act for the better fecuring the liberty of the fubjefty and for prevention of imprisonments beyond the seas.

WHEREAS great delays have been ufed by Jberiffis, gaolers and VV other officer 5, to whofe cujlody any-of the King’s fubjcBs have been committed for criminal or fuppojed criminal matters^ in making returns of writs of habeas corpus to them directed, by ftanding out an alias and pluries habeas corpus, and fometimes morey and by other Jhifts to avoid their yielding obedience to fuch writsy contrary to their duty and the known laws of the land\ whereby many of the King's subjects have been and hereafter may be long detained in prifon, in fuch :afes where by law they are bailable, to their great charges and vexation :

II.  For the prevention whereof, and the more fpeedy relief >f all perions imprifoned for any fuch criminal or fuppofed criminal matters j (2) be it cna&ed by the King’s moft excellent najefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-itual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament iflembled, and by the authority thereof. That whenfoever any Writs of ba->erfon or persons (hall bring any habeas corpus directed unto any bias corpus herifF or (heriffs, goaler, minilter or other person whatfoever, within three 'or any person in his or their cuftody, and the said writ (hall be ^ erved upon the said officer, or left at the gaol or prifon with turned, and ny of the under-officers, under-keepers or deputy of the said the body officers or keepers, that the said officer or officers, his or their brought, if mder-officers, under-keepers or deputies, (hall within three ^1^n^tcwcat^ lays after the fervice thereof as aforefaid (unlefs the commit- *

nent aforefaid were for treafon or felony, plainly and fpecially ixprefled in the warrant of commitment) upon payment or ender of the charges of bringing the said prifoner, to be af-ertained by the judge or court that awarded the fame, and en-lorfed upon the said writ, not exceeding twelve pence per mile, ind upon fecurity given by his own bond to pay the charges of arrying back the prifoner, if he (hall be remanded by the court >r judge to which he (hall be brought according to tne true in-ent of this prefent aft, and that he will not make any eicape by he way, make return of fuch writ$ (3) and bring or caufe to >e brought the body of the party fo committed or reftrained, into or before the lord chancellor, or lord keeper of the great eal of England for the time being, or the judges or barons of he said court from whence the said writ (hall iflue, or unto and >efore fuch other person or persons before whom the said writ s made returnable, according to the command thereof; (4) and hall then likewife certify the true caufes of his detainer or im-mfonment, unlefs the commitment of the said party be in any dace beyond the diftance of twenty miles from the place or daces wnere fuch court or person is or (hall be reflding; and f beyond the diftance of twenty miles, and not above one hun-Ired miles, then within the fpace of ten days, and if beyond he diftance of one hundred miles, then within the fpace of twenty days, after fuch delivery aforefaid, and not longer.

III.  And to the intent that no (heriff, gaoler or other officer such writs nay pretend ignorance of tlje import of any fuch writ; (2) be how to be t enalted by the authority aforefaid. That all fuch writs (hallraarked-ae marked in this manner. Per jlatutum tricefimo primo Caroli

recundi Regis, and (hall be figned by the person that awards the

Tame; (3) and if any person or persons (hall be or (land com- writs of ha-

mittedor detained as aforefaid, for any crime, unlefs for felony heascorpus9and

or treafon plainly expreffed in the warrant of commitment, in the proceed-

the yacation-time, and out of term, it (hall and may be law-

ful to and for the person or persons fo committed or detained vaca lon’

(other than persons convidt or in execution hy legal procefs)

Vot. VIII.  Ff  or

434

Anno tricefimo primo Caroli II. c.2.  [1679

or any one on bis or their behalf, to appeal or complain to the lord chancellor or lord keeper, or any one of his Majeftp juftices, either of the one bench or of the other, or the barons of the exchequer of the degree of the coif; (4) and the laid lord chancellor, lord keeper, juftices or barons or any of them, upon view of die copy or copies of the warrant or warrants oi commitment and detainer, or otherwife upon oath made that fuch copy or copies were denied to be given by fuch person or persons in whole cuftody the prisoner or prisoners is or are detained, are hereby authorized and required, upon requeft made in writing by fuch person or perfons, or any on his, her or they behalf, attefted and filbferibed by two witnefles who were prelent at the delivery of the fame, to award and grant an bate* corpus under the feal of fuch court whereof he (hall then be one of the judges, (5) to be directed to the officer or officers inwhofe cuftody the party fo committed or detained (hall be, returnable immediate before the said lord chancellor or lord keeper, or fuch juftice, baron or any other juftice or baron of the degree of the cotf of any of the said courts ; (6) and upon fervice thereof asafore-faid, the officer or officers, his or their under-officer or under-officers, under-keeper or under-keepers, or their deputy, in whofc cuftody the party is fo committed or detained, (hall within the times refpeCtively before limited, bring fuch prisoner or prisoners before - the said lord chancellor or lord keeper, or fuch juftices, barons or one of them, before whom the said writ is made returnable,

' and in cafe of his abfence before any other of them, with the return of fuch writ, and the true caufes of the commitment and detainer; (7) and thereupon within two days after the party (hall be brought before them, the said lord chancellor or Jonfj keeper, or fuch juftice or baron before whom the prisoner fhal be brought as aforefaid, (hall difeharge the said prisoner from his imprifonment, taking his or their recognizance, with one or more furety or fureties, in any fum according to their difonetions, having regard to the quality of the prisoner and nature of the offence, for his or their appearance in the court of King’s bench the term following, or at the next aflizes, feflions or general gaol-delivery of and for fuch county, city or place where the commitment was, or where the offence was committed, or in fuch other court where the said offence is properly cognizable, as the cafe (hall require, and then (hall certify the said writ with the return thereof, and the said recognizance or recognizances into the said court where fuch appearance is to be made; (8) unlefs it (hall appear unto the said lord chancellor or lord keeper, or juftice or juftices, or baron or barons, that the party focom-mitted is detained upon a legal procefs, order or warrant, ou: of fome court that hath jurisdiction of criminal matters, or by fome warrant figned and fealed with the hand and feal of any of the said juftices or barons, or fome juftice or juftices of the peace, for fuch matters or offences for the which by the law the, prisoner is not bailable.

9*1 Anno tricerimo primo Caroli tt# CAl  435

IV.  Provided always, and be it enaCted, That if any person PeWons neg-fhall have wilfully neglected by the fpace of two whole terms

after his imprifonment, to pray a habeas corpus for his enlarge- I habeas ^pLt ment, fuch person fo wilfully negleCling (hall not have anv ha- fhall have none beas corpus to be granted in vacation-time, in purfuance or this in vacation-att.  J.ime»

V.  And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That a&ncc 1# if any officer or officers, his or their under-officer or under-offi- officershowto cers, under-keeper or under-keepers, or deputy, (hall negleCt be proceeded or refufe to make the returns aforefaid, or to bring the body or against for not bodies of the prisoner or prisoners according to the command obeying fuch of the said writ, within the refpeCtive times aforefaid, or upon wnts* demand made by the prisoner or person in his behalf, (hall refufe to deliver, or within the fpace of fix hours after demand

(hall not deliver, to the person fo demanding, a true copy of the warrant or warrants of commitment and detainer of iuch prifoner, which he and they are hereby required to deliver accordingly ; all and every the head gaolers and keepers of fuch

Srifons, and fuejh other person in whofe cuftody the prisoner lall be detained, (hall for the first offence forfeit to the prisoner or party grieved the fum of one hundred pounds; (3) and for the fecona offence the fum of two hundred pounds, and (hall and is hereby made incapable to hold or execute his said office;

(3) the said penalties to be recovered by the prisoner or party grieved, his executors or adminiftrators, against fuch offender, his executors or adminiftrators, by any action of debt, fuit, bill* plaint or information, in any of the King’s courts at Wejlmin-Jler% wherein no effoin, protection. privilege, injunction, wager of law, or ftay of profecution by Non vult ulterius profequiy or otherwise, (hall be admitted or allowed, or any more than one imparlance; (4) and any recovery or judgment at the (bit of any party grieved, (hall be a fufficient conviction for the first offence and any after recovery or judgment at the fuit of a party grieved for any offence after the first judgment, (hall be a fufficient conviction to bring the officers or person within the said penalty for the fecond offence.

VI.  And for the prevention of unjuft vexation by reiterated Perfon* fetat commitments for the fame offence; (a) be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That no person or persons which (haft he butbyordwof delivered or fet at large upon any habeas corpus, (hall at any court, time hereafter be again imprifonea or committed for the fame offence by any person or persons whatfoever, other than by the legal order and procefs of fuch court wherein he or they (hall be bound by recognizance to appear, or other court haying jurisdiction ot the caufe ; 43) and if any other person or persons (hall knowingly contrary to this act recommit or imprifon, or Knowingly procure or caufe to be recotnmitted or imprifoned, for the fame offence or pretended offence, any person or persons delivered or fet at large as aforefaid, or be knowingly aiding or affifting therein, then he or they (hall forfeit to the prisoner or party grieved the fum of five hundred pounds; any colourable

F f 2  pretence

indkted the next term, or let to bail.

436  Anno  tricefimo  primo CaRoli II. c.2. .  679.

pretence or variation in the warrant or warrants of commitment notwithftanding, to be recovered as aforefaid.

Perfons com-  VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if

?^af©nf0r fe- perf°n or persons (nail be committed for high treafon or fe-lony^Sudl be" lony, plainly and fpecially exprefled in the warrant of commit-‘  ment, upon his prayer or petition in open court the first week

of the term, or first day of the feffions of oyer and terminer or general gaol-delivery, to be brought to his trial, (hall not be mdidedjfome time in the next term, feflions of dyer and terminer or general gaol-delivery, after fuch commitment; it (hall and may be lawful to and for the judges of the court of King’s bench and juftices of oyer and terminer or general gaol-deliver-ry, and they are hereby required, upon motion to them made in open court the last day of the term, feflions or gaol-delivery, either by the prisoner or any one in his behalf, to fct at liberty the prisoner upon bail, unlefs it appear to the judges and juftices upon oath made, that the witneflcs for the King could not be And tried the produced the fame term, feflions or general gaol-delivery ; fa) term, &c.;if- an<| jf any p^rfon or persons committed as aforefaid, upon his charred. " prayer or petition in open court the first week of the term or 1 Vent. 3+6. first day of the feffions of oyer and terminer and general gaol-delivery, to be brought to his trial, (hall not be indidted and tried the fecond term, feflions of oyer and terminer or general gaol-delivery, after his commitment, or upon his trial mall be acquitted, he (hall be difeharged from his imprifonment.

VIII.  Provided always, That nothing in this adt fhall extend to difeharge out of prifon any person charged in debt, or other adlion, or with procefs in any civil caufe, but that after he (hall be difeharged of his imprifonment for fuch his criminal offence, he (hall be kept in cuftody according to the law, for fuch other fuk.

IX.  Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-forefaid. That if any person or perfons, fubjedts of this realm, (hall be committed to any prifon or in cuftody of any officer or officers whatfoever, for any criminal or fuppofed criminal matter, that the said person (hall not be removed from the said prifon and cuftody into the cuftody of any other officer or officers ; (2) unlefs it be by habeas corpus or fome other legal writ; or where the prisoner is delivered to the conftable or other inferior officer to carry fuch prisoner to fome common gaol; (3) or where any person is fent by order of any judge of aflize or juftice of the peace, to any common work-houfe or house of corredfion; (4) or where the prisoner is removed from one prifon or place to another within the fame county, in order to his or her trial or difeharge in due courfe of law; (5) or in cafe of fudden fire or infedtion, or other neceflity; (6) and if any person or persons (hall after fuch commitment aforefaid make out and (ign, or counteriign any warrant or warrants for fuch removal aforefaid, contrary to this adt; *as well he that makes or figns, or counterfigns fuch warrant or warrants, as the officer

4 37

79*1 Anno tricefimo primo Caroli II. c.2.

ccr or officers that obey or execute the fame, (hall fuffer and ur the pains and forfeitures in this aft before mentioned,

:h for the first and fecond offence refpeftively, to be recover-in manner aforefaid by the party grieved.

X. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authority refaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any pri-ier and prisoners as aforefaid, to move and obtain his or their beas corpus as well out of the high court of chancery or court exchequer, as out of the courts of King’s bench or com-on pleas, or either of them; (2) and if the said lord chan-The penalty llor or lord keeper, or any judge or judges, baron or barons for denying a r the time being, of the degree of the coir, of any of the courts Meat corpus. orefaid, in the vacation time, upon view of the copy or copies the warrant or warrants of commitment or detainer, or upon ith made that fuch copy or copies were denied as aforefaid, all deny any writ of habeas corpus by this aft required to be ranted, being moved for as aforefaid, they (hall feverally for-it to the pnfoner or party grieved the fum of five hundred ounds, to be recovered in manner aforefaid.

XI.  And be it declared and enafted by the authority afore- Habeas corpus lid. That an habeas corpus according to the true intent and (hall run into leaning of this aft, may be directed and run into any county  WJf

•alatine, the cinque-ports, or other privileged places within leged places." he kingdom of England, dominion of Wales* or town of Ber-vick upon Tweedy and the i(lands of Jerfey or Guemfey; any aw or ufage to the contraiy notwithftandinz.

XII.  And for preventing illegal imprilonments in prifons No fubjeft* beyond the seas; (2) be it further enafted by the authority (hall be fent aforefaid. That no fubjeft of this realm that now is, or here- *° foreign after (hall be an inhabitant or reliant of this kingdom of Eng- Pn oas" land, dominion of Wales* or town of Berwick upon Tweedy (hall or may be fent prisoner into Scotland, Ireland, Jerfey, Guern-fey, Tangier, or into parts, garrifons, ifiands or places beyond the seas, which are or at any time hereafter (hall be within or without the dominions of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors;

(3) and that every fuch imprifonment is hereby enafted and adjudged to be illegal ; (4) and that if any of the said fubjefts now is or hereafter (hall be fo imprifoned, every fuch person and persons fo imprifoned, (hall and may for every fuch imprifonment maintain by virtue of this aft an aftion or aftions of falfe imprifonment, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, against the person or persons by whom he or (he (hall be fo committed, detained, imprifoned, fent prisoner or tranfported, contrary to the true meaning of this aft, and against all or any person or persons that (hall frame, contrive, write, feal or counteriign any warrant or writing for fuch commitment, detainer, imprifonment or tranfportation, or (hall be advifing, aiding, or affifting in the fame, or any of them ; (5) and the The penalty, plaintiff in every fuch aftion (hall have judgment to recover his treble cofts, befides damages, which damages fo to be given,

(hall not be lefs than five hundred pounds; (6) ii> which aftion

F f 3  no

43*

6 R. ». c. 5.

Perfons receiving earneft uppn contracts to be transported, excepted.

Perfons convicted of fc-

Anno tricefimo primo Caroli II. c.2;  £ 1679,

no delay ddy or flop of proceeding by rule, order or command, nor no injunction, protection or privilege whatfoever, nor any more than one imparlance (hall be allowed, excepting fuch rule of the court wherein the aCtion (hall depend, made in open court, as (hall be thought in juftice neceflary, for fpecial caufe to be exprefled in the said rule; (7) and the person or persons who lhall knowingly frame, contrive, write, (eal or counterfign any warant for fuch commitment, detainer or tranfportation, or (hall fo commit, detain, imprifon or tranfport any person or persons contrary to this aCt, or be any ways advifing, aiding or afliftine therein, being lawfully conviCted thereof, (hall be dit abled from thenceforth to bear any office of truft or profit within the said realm of England, dominion of JValeSy or^ town or' Berwick upon Tweedy or any of the iflands, territories or dominions thereunto belonging; (8) and (hall incur and fuftah the pains, penalties and Forfeitures limited, ordained and provided in and by the statute of provifion and pntmunire made in the fixteenth year of King Richard the Second; (9) and be incapable of any pardon from the King, his heirs or fucceflors, of the said forfeitures, Ioffes or difabilities, or any of them.

XIII.  Provided always. That nothing in this act (hall extend to givd benefit to any person who (hall by contract in writing agree with any merchant or owner of any plantation, or other person whatfoever, to be tranfported to any parts beyond the seas, and receive earned upon fuch agreement, although that afterwards fuch person (hall renounce fuch contract.

XIV.  Provided always, and be it enaCtcd, That if any person or persons lawfully conviCted of any felony, (hall in open j

^aying^franf court PraY t0 ^ tranfported beyond the fcas, and the court (hall

porfation,

excepted.

Imprifon-ments before the first of June 1679, excepted.

think fit to leave him or them in prifon for that purpofe, fuch person or persons may be tranfported into any parts beyond the seas; this act or any thing therein contaiped to the contrary notwithdanding.

XV.  Provided alfo, and be it enaCted, That nothing herein contained (hah be deemed, condrued or taken, to extend to the imprifonment of any person before the fird day of June one thoufand fix hundred feventy and nine, or to any thing advifed, procured, or otherwife done, relating to ftich imprisonment; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithdanding. XHFenders may AVI. Provided alfo, That if any person or persons at any befenttobe time refiant in this realm, (hall have committed any capital offence in Scotland or Ireland, or any of the iflands, or foreign plantations of the King, his heirs or fucceffors, where he or (he ought to be tried for fuch offence, fuch person or persons may be fent to fuch place, there to receive fuch trial, in fuch manner as the fame might have been ufed before the making of this aCt; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithdanding.

XVII. Provided alfo, and be it enaCted, That no person or persons (hall he fued, impleaded, moleded, or troubled for any offence agaipd this ad, unlcfs the party offending be fued or

ipipleadd

tried where their offences vrer# committed*

Profecutions

for otfences within what time to be

Sygf] Anno tricefimo primo Caroli II. c.$l  439

mpleaded for the fame within two years at the mod after fuch ime wherein the offence (hall be committed, in cafe the party grieved (hall not be then in prifon ; and if he (hall be in prifon, hen within the fpace of two years after the deceafe of the per-bn imprifoned, or his or her delivery out of prifon, which fhall irft happen.

XVIII.  And to the intent no person may avoid bis trial at After the

he aifizes or general gaol-delivery, by procuring his removal affixes pro->efore the aifizes, at fuch time as he cannot be brought back to  to  be

•eceive his trial there ; (2) be it enadted, That after the affizes Amoved, but proclaimed for that county where the prisoner is detained, no before the person fhall be removed from the common gaol upon any habeas judge of affize. corpus granted in purfuance of this adt, but upon any fuen habeas

corpus fhall be brought before the judge of aflize in open court, who is thereupon to do what to juftice fhall appertain.

XIX.  Provided neverthelefs, That after the affizes are ended, any person or persons detained, may have his or her habeas corpus according to the direction and intention of this adt.

XX.  And be it alfo enadted by the authority aforefaid. That In fuits for

if any information, fuit or adtion (hall be brought or exhibited agg*nft against any person or persons for any offence committed or to defendants C be committed against the form of this law, it (hall be lawful for may plead the fuch defendants to plead the general iffue, that they are not generaliffue, guilty, or that they owe nothing, and to give fuch fpecial matter in evidence to the jury that (hall try the fame, which matter being pleaded had been good and iufficient matter in law to have difcharged the said defendant or defendants against the said information, fuit or adtion, and the said matter (hall be then as available to him or them, to all intents and purpofes, as if he or they had fufficiently pleaded, fet forth or alledged the fame matter in bar or difeharge of fuch information fuit or adtion.

XXI.  And becaufe many times persons charged with petty treafon or felony*, or as acceffaries thereunto, are committed upon fufpicion only, whereupon they are bailable, or not, according as the circum-Jlances making out that fufpicion are more or lefs weighty, which are bejl known t$ the jujlices of peace that committed the perfons, and have the examinations before them, or to other jujlices of the peace in the county, (2) be it therefore enadted, That where any person Perfo^^o^ (hall appear to be committed by any judge or jufticc of the mitted as ac-peace and charged as acceffary before the fad, to any petty ceffaries before treafon or felony, or upon fufpicion thereof, or with fufpicion j? P^X [rea~ of petty treafon or felony, which petty treafon or felony (hall ^Sl°not bo*' be plainly and fpecially expreffed-in the warrant of commitment, removed or that fuch person (hall not be removed or bailed by virtue of this bailed other-ad, or in any other manner than they might have been before tb*nbe-the making of this art.  SSe

CAP. III.

An act for reingroffing of the records of fines burnt or loft in the late fire in the Temple.

The cyrographer (ball certify the notes of fines loft or burnt. A copy of

li|c'b certificate to be let up near the common picas: and at the alfizes or

F f 4  quarter-

44°

Anno tricefimo secundo Caroli II. c.i. £i6So.

ayarter-fdlions. The juftices of the common pleas may upon rx»pmitioc oirett the cyroerapher to new engrofs the note and foot of fines barm or loft And mall fubfcribe their names at the bottom thereof. _ The fame (hall be filed. The force and effefi of fuch fines. TTie judges fubfcription to be certified, together with the note aad foot of Hath fines. Alt this to be done without fee. EXP.

Anno Regni Caroli II. Regis Anglia, Scotia, Francia & Hibernia, tricefimo fecundo*

AT the parliament fummoned to begin at Wcftminfter on the feventeentb day of Oftober one tboufand fix hundred feventy-nine, in the one and thirtieth year of ourSovereign lord Charles the Second, by the Grace of God* of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King* defender of the faiths &c. and by feveral prorogations continued to the one and twentieth day of October one tboufand fix hundred and eighty, in the thirty fecondyear of bis fend Majejifs reign; and thence continue to the tenth of January next as-fuing on which day the following ails paffed the royal affent.

CAP. I.

An additional all for burying in woolen*

WHEREAS in one all of parliament paffed in the thirtieth year of bit Majejtys reign that now is, intituled, An a& for burying in woolen, it was amongjl other things enalted aud ordained, That the affidavits which were to be made of any persons hung \ interred in woolen according to the directions in the said aft, should be made or taken before form one jujtice of the peau or mailer of chancery, ordinary or extraordinary, mayor, bailiff, or other chief officer of the city, county, borough, corporation or market-town in the county where the said party was buried, who are thereby authorized and re fared to adminifier the said oath, and to attejl the fame under their bands upon fuch affidavit, gratis.

The hindrance  IJ. jind whereas by reafon of the iiftance of the habitations of the

by diftance* persons before whom Juch affidavit is to be made, and other accidents, of place. divers persons who have had occafion to make Juch affidavits have ken neceffitated to travel many miles for the making thereof, to their great lofs of time, and hindrance of their affairs:

Where no ju- III. Be it therefore enaefted, and it is hereby enaded by the ftice refides or King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-par^of^u- fent *hc lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this rial, the par- prefent parliament aJTembled, and by the authority of the fame, fon, vicar, That from and after the fecond day of February in the year of and curate 0ur Lord one thoufand fix hundred and eighty, (where no ju-^avitofbuftal  t^ie Pcacc fhall fefide or be to be found, in any parifh

in woolen where any party (hall be interred) the said oaths or affidavits only.  may be adminiftred not only by any iuftice of the peace, or

matter of chancery, ordinary or extraordinary, mayor, bailiff or

other

A recital of former afts. 30 Car. t. Stat. 1. c. 3. C5.

441

1680.] Anno tricefimo secundo CarolI II. C.i.

other chief officer of the city, county, borough, corporation or market-town in the county where any party was buried; but alfo that the parfons, vicars and curates in every parifh or chapel of eafe within the county where any party (hall be interred, except only the parfon, vicar and curate of the parifli or chapel of eafe where the party is interred, concerning whofe interment in woolen fuch affidavit is to be made) be and are hereby authorized and required to adminifter the said oaths or affidavits, and to atteft the fame under their hands gratis; (2) Affidavit and that every fuch affidavit taken before them (hall be of like^^n by par. force and effedt, as if the fame had been taken and adminiftred  "

Sr the persons authorized to adminifter the fame by the adt by 30 Car. orefaid.  ft.  i.c.  3.  f.5.

CAP, II.

An aft prohibiting the importation of cattle from Ireland.

WHEREAS an act of parliament was made in the eighteenth A recital of year of the reign of our feyereign lord the King that now ist 18 Car# a*c- *• intituled, An alt against importing cattle from Ireland, and other parts beyond the leas, and fi(h taken by foreigners; which was to continue until the end of /even years, and from thence to the end of the firjl fejjion of the next parliament, which is now expired:

II.  And forafmuch as by long experience the said law hath been The benefit found very beneficial to this kingdom., (2) be it engdted by the 2^*

King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-c ^ be fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in vivedandcon-this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the tinued for fame. That the said adt and every claufe, article and thingcvcr* therein contained, together with tne additions and alterations herein after mentioned and exprefled, (hall from and after the fecond day of February, which (hall be in the year of our Lord God one thousand fix hundred and .eighty, be revived, continue and remain, and is hereby revived and continued in force, to all intents, conftrudtions and purpofes for ever.

III.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Not only of-That not only the conftables, officers and inhabitants mention- p^ns^raa* ed in the aforefaid recited adt, but any and every other person IriflTcatA and persons whatfoever, (hall and may take and feize in any tie and goods place or places whatfoever the cattle and goods imported contra- imported, ry to the (aid recited adt; (2) and that all and every fuch person fc,iZorsrto and persons that (hall feize as aforefaid, (hall from time to time "avc ene lt’ have the benefit and advantage hereafter given by this adt to any feizor or feizors whatfoever.

IV.  And to prevent ail fraudulent feizures, fales and compo- J° Prcvent fitions, to be made by any person or persons whatfoever, in any parilh or place whatfoever, where any great cattle, (heep or corapoiitions* fwine (hall be imported or found contrary to this or the adt a -forefaid, and to make the prohibitions therein more effedlual;

V.  Be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all and eve- Se,*?r AwH ry the refpedtive feizor or feizors of fuch cattle, (heep or fwine, tlc'to be kiiwfd. (nail within fix days after convidtion and forfeiture thereof, caufe HKies and the said cattle, (heep and fwine to be killed 3 (2) and the hides tallow to

*nd

the church' wardens, &c

Seizors* churchwar-

442  Anno tncefimo Caroli II. c.2;  [168o.

be the feizor's, and tallow of fuch great cattle, (heep and fwine, fhall be and •Jf* tc\ ** remain to the use of the said feizor or feizors, and the remain-the poorCbyta ^er the g1*0®* catt^e> Ihcep and fwine (hall be forthwith *  *  diftributed amongft the poor of the said pariftv by the church-

wardens and overfeers of the poor there, or fome of them, upon notice thereof to be given them or any of them, by filch feizor or feizors as aforefaid : any thing in the said former law, or any other law to the contrary notwithllanding.

VI. And be it further enaefted, That in cafe the said feizor or

________ feizors, or the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, {hall

dens and over- fail in their rcfpe<5tive duties, in the execution of this a<fl, they legs on neg- anj CVCry of them refpe&ively, (hall forfeit the fum of forty

for each ^reat fhillings ioT evfX one ofihe grMtcaUk.^d tan (hilling for cattle,and ios. every (heep or fwine, which mould have been killed and diftri-fbr each (heep buted as aforefaid; one moiety thereof to the poor of the (aid or tone. pari(h, and the other moiety to the informer 5 (2) the fame to To be levied be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the per-by diftrefs and fon or persons fo offending, by warrant under the hand and fed by\w^otof of any juftice of the peace of the said county or place where the any juftice,&e. said offence (hall be committed, upon confcflion of the party, view of the said juftice, or oath thereof made before fuch iufticc by one or more credible witnefs or witneftes, other than the informer, which oath the said juftice hath hereby power to admi-nifter, rendring the overplus to the owners thereof, necefiary charges of diftraining being first deduced. (3) and for want erf* fuch diftrefs, the said offender or offenders to be committed to the common gaol of the said county or place, therb fo remain for the fpace of three months without bail or mainprize.

Nothing here- VII. Provided always, and be it further ena&ea by the au-in to hinder thority aforefaid. That neither this a<ft nor any other a<5t what-importation of fotver heretofore made (hall either hinder or be construed to excels. " and tendt0 hinder the importation of ftock-fi(h or live eels into this kingdom of England5(2) but that it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and eveiy person and perfon6 whatfoever to import to this kingdom ot England any ftock-fi(h or live eels as aforefaid ; any thing in this a<ft, or any other law, ftatute, ufage or

For waot of diftrefs, the party to be imprifoned without bail three months.

Any person may import ftock-fiii and live eels.

cuftom, to the contrary in any wife notwithflanding.

/fund as to fo-  VIII. And whereas the prefent laws do not fufficiently provide a-

reigners, by  gainjl the importation of mutton and lamb out ^Ireland and other

1 Geo 1. ftat.a. parts beyond the seas into this kingdom, but that great quantities there-\Vsmt offufli- °f. are  imPorU& an& foM* t0 the great lofo and prejudice of this

cient provifion kingdom \ (2) be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, against impor- That from and after the foid fecond day of February, no mutton tation of^mut- 0r lamb (hall be imported into this kingdom from the kingdom No mutton™ r ?f Ireland or any foreign parts: (3)aid all mutton and lamb imported from Ireland, or beyond the seas, or that (hall be exposed to fale within this kingdom, (hall be fubje<$ to the like feizures, and the importers and fellers thereof refpetfively to the iti or eT 'ofed penalties, as are provided and appointed in any former law 40 fale, fiibjeft aga,nft any importer or feller, or importation of any beef, pork to former pc- or bacon, from the fcingdopi of Ireland, or any foreign pans; pities.  any

lamb ftnll be imported. Mutton or

 v^,ooQle

443

1680.3 Anno tricefimo Caroli II. c.2:

any thing in this or any former law or statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.  And whereas the prefent laws do not /sufficiently provide a-gainjl the importation of butter and cheefe out ^Ireland into this kingdom, but that great quantities thereof are daily imported and fold to the great lojs and prejudice of this kingdom; (2) be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the said fecond day of February no butter or checfe (hall be imported into this kingdom from the kingdom of Ireland; (3) and all butter and cheefe imported from Ireland, or that (nail be expofed to Tale within this kingdom, (hall be fubjeft to the like feizures, and the importers or fellers thereof refpeftively, to the like penalties, as are provided or appointed in any former law against any importer or feller, or importation of any beef, bacon or pork from the kingdom of Ireland, or any foreign parts; any thing in this or any former law or statute to the contrary notwithftanding.

X.  And for the more effectual execution of this and the a-forefaid aft, (2) be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any great cattle, (heep or fwine, (hall be once or oft-ner feized in purfuance of this or the aforefaid aft, and afterwards either by permiflion, connivance, negligence or otherwife (hall be removed into and found alive in any pari(h or place within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweedy other than fuch parilh or place wherein they (hall have been refpeftively feized, that then the said cattle fheep and fwine (hall be liable to like feizure, and the feizor and poor of the pari(h or place have like benefit and advantage, and the cattle, (heep and fwine be forfeited, and the proof be incumbent upon the owner, as if fuch cattle had never before been feized.

XI.  And whereas dbuers perfons, on purpofe to difeourage others from making feizure of Irifh cattle, have intermixed fome few En-glifti or other cattle in droves of Irilh cattle^ and Jo created many vexatious and chargeable fuits against tbofe that have feized Irifli cattle in purfuance of the aforefaid alt; (2) be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any Englijh or other cattle driven or intermixed with Irijb cattle (hall be feized together with them, fuch cattle fo intermixed and feized (hall be deemed Irijb cattle, and (hall be fubjeft to like forfeiture, and be ordered and difpof-pd of in all refpefts, as if they were Irijb cattle, and imported pontrary to this and the aforefaid aftf

XII.  Provided jthat nothing in this aft (hall be construed to pxtend to the forfeiture or feifing any cattle that are or (hall be in England before tjie /aid fecond day of February.

4M9

Want of pro-vifion against importation of cheefe and butter.

No butter or cheefe (hall be imported. Butter and cheefe imported and expofed to fale, fubjeft to formqr penalties.

For execution of iS Car. a* c.a. Seizure to be in any pa-rifh into which cattle remove.

Fraud in io*

termixing

droves.

Engiifh cattfe driven or intermixed with Irifh, to be feifed as Irifh*

Not to feife cattle in Eng>» land before Feb. a, 1680#

 v^,ooQle

C>68i

Anno primo Jacobi II. c.i—

Anno primo JACOBI II.

STATUTES made in the parliament begun at Wcftminfter the nineteenth day of , in the first year of the reign of our moft gracious fovereign lord James the Second, by the grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, 6?

CAP. I.

An act for fettling the revenue on his Majesty for his life, which was fettled on his late Majesty for his life. Repealed bp x W. &M. feff. i. cap.3. fe&.ii.

CAP. II.

An ail to attaint James duke c/Monmouth of high treafon.

WHEREAS James duke */“ Monmouth has in an hoftile manner invaded this kingdom, and is now in open rebellion, levying war against the King, contrary to the duty of his allegiance; Be it enaAea by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the said James duke of Monmouth ftand and beconviAedand attainted of high treafon, and that he fuffer pains of death, and incur all forfeitures as a traitor conviAed and attainted of high treafon.  ^

CAP. HI,  !

An ait for granting Us Majesty an impqfition upon all wines and vinegar, imported between the four and twentieth day of June, one tboufand Jin hundred eighty fivey and the four and twentieth day of June, one tboufand fix hundred ninety and three.

Moft gracious Sovereign XJLT E your Majesty*s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeAs, the-com-mons aftembled in parliament,’towards a fupply for repairs of the navy, and providing ftores for the navy and ordnance, and other your Majesty’s weighty and important occa-fions; and with an humble and thankful acknowledgement of your Majesty’s favourable and tender regard of us your commons, have cheerfully and unanimoufly given and granted unto your Majesty an aid and afliftance to be raifed and levied up-Wine tad vi- on all wines and vinegar to be imported into this your Majesty^ negar. kingdom, according to fuch rates, and during fuch time, and in fuch manner and form, as herein after followeth. And we do humbly befeech your Majesty that it may he enaAed:  *

Imposition of II. And be it enaAed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, g 1. per ton on by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and

tetn-

585-1 Anno primo Jacobi II. c.$l  445

oral, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled and wine and vine-y the authority of the fame. That for all French wines, Spanijh p*- 1 rines, or other wines whatfoever, as alfo for all vinegar, which V**™* t any time after the four and twentieth day of Juney in the year For tie inereajk f our Lord, one thoufand fix hundred eighty five, and before ondcontinuance he four and twentieth day of June, in the vear of our Lord, ne thoufand fix hundred ninety three, (hall be imported into{?** * *£4 ingland or Wales y or the town or port of Berwick upon Tweedy w. 3. c. »o. here (hall be duly anfwered and paid to his Majesty the further 1 Ann* ftat. 1. ates and duties hereafter mentioned (that is to fay) For every *3*  *•

on of French wine, and of vinegar, which (hall be imported * Ann* c.»i. within the time aforefaid, the fum of eight pounds by the ton, f. i. x Geo. t. ind fo after that rate for any greater or lefler quantity : and alfo ftat. *• c. is. for every ton of Spanijh wines, or of any other wines which (hall 3* be imported within the time aforefaid, the fum of twelve pounds by the ton, and fo after that rate fof any greater or lefler quantity.

III. And for the better and more fure collecting and receiving of all and lingular the duties hereby impofed ; be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any person or per-fons within the time aforefaid (hall import, or caufe to be im- importer to ported by way of merchandize, or otherwise, any of the liquors, pay before fuch importers (hall, upon the entry made of fuch liquors, and !*nuing*i0rt? before the landing thereof, pay down the duties hereby impof-cd, in ready money, deducting the allowance hereafter men- cure* thrSeto tioned, or otherwise become bound unto his Majesty with two be bound for or more fufficient fureties, or procure three other persons to be- P*ymcnt ^ come bound to his Majesty, to anfwer and pay unto his Maje- ^ymonta fty the whole rates and duties hereby impofed, by three feveral Within nine and equal payments : the firfl payment thereof to be made with- months, in three months after the date of the said obligation; the fecond payment to be made within fix months after the date of the said obligation j and the third and last payment to be made within nine months after the date of the (aid obligation. The taking approba-which bonds, and the approbation of the fureties therein to be tjon the renamed, is hereby left to the diferetion of fuch farmers, or other curities left commiflioners for the time being, as (hall be intruded with the to the farmers receipt and management of his Majesty’s cuftoms and fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, or their deputy-collecftors in the feveral ports, or fuch other person or perfons, as his Majesty (hall authorize and appoint to coiled! the duties arifing by this a<5t.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enaefted, *<>!• P*r ccnt* That all and every person and persons importing any of the liquors aforefaid, within the time aforefaid, by way of merchan- ready money, dize or otherwife, who (hall pay the duties which by this a<ft are due and payable in ready money, (hall be allowed and a-bated out of the said duties, after the rate of ten pounds per cent. for a year, in conftderation of fuch ready money fo paid down and advanced.

*  V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Forfeiture of

*  That if any of the said liquors (hall be imported within the the value.

. time aforefaid, and landed without prefent payment made of

the

446

Allowances upon importation ot wines. Sec.

AHowanoe to be made on

Anno pnmo Jacobi II. c. j.  [16I5.

the rates and duties by this a& impofed, in cafes where this ad requires prefent payment to be made; or without fecurity given for payment thereof, in cafes where this a& admits of iecurity to be taken, that then and in every fuch cafe all and every the liquors fo imported and landed, or the value thereof, /hall be forfeited, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, and the other moiety to him or them that (hall or will fue for the fame j and /hall and may be recovered in any court of record by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no eftbin, protection, or wager of law (hall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance : and yet neverthelefs the persons fo importing and landing any of the said liquors (hall, notwithftanding fuch forfeitures fo as aforefaid incurred, remain and continue liable unto, and (hall anfwer and pay unto his Majesty the rates and duties for fuch liauors, which by this act are due and payable.

VI. And whereas by the aft for tonnage and poundage, and the in-Jlruftions and rules for coUefting his Majesty's duties arifing thereby it is directed that certain allowances be made upon importation of wines and other liquors \ be it further enafted% That no importer /here:/ fhall be chargeable by virtue of this oft to fay the duty hereby required, for any greater proportion of wines or otoer liquors duly entered at the cuftom-houfe, than what JhaU retnain neat after all fuch allowances and abatements: and whereas this prefent aft gives no abatement to any person upon exportation of any the liquors aforefaid * be it further enafted and declared, That all importers, not being vintners or

exportation retaiIers‘(v/hbC arfe hereby declared, (hall pay ready money for rSjS.™ the whole duty) who (hi i

•  •  I  •  1  .... ^1. _   A 4 .   ArMMAfjtl J

______________________ ^  import  any  of  the  aforefaid  liquors

inTported with within the time aforefaid, and (hall make oath that the feme arc

intent to fell again*

inported by way of merchandize, and with intent to fell again | 'which oath the farmers or commiflioners of his Majesty’s cu- < ftoms for the time being, or in their abfence the colle&or of bis Majesty’s cuftoms in each feveral and refpe&ive port, or fuch other person or persons as his Majesty (hall authorize and appoint to collect the duties arifing by this a<51, have hereby power to adminifter) that then, and in every fuch cafe, for and in confideration of any defeCt or damage that may happen, by any of the aforefaid liquors lying longer on the said importers hands than heretofore, or by reafon of any other accident, there (hall be allowed and abatea to every fuch importer the further allow-Mercbantsnot ance of eight pounds per cent, and no more. Provided, That no chargeable to merchant (hall be charged with any duty impofed by this a<ft for fo7 riza'c? Priza£e*w^ne whicn he imports in any (hip or veflel, nor wke.nZ 6 (hall any fecurity be by him given for the lame, but that it be received and taken from the person who hath or enjoyeth the benefit of the said prizage-wine, who is hereby appointed to pay the fame. *

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enaCted, That if any of the said imported liquors, for which any of the rates and auties by this a& impofed (hall be paid down and advanced, or otherwife fecured* as aforefaid, (hall at any time 1 after fuch importation be again exported into parts beyond the

fas:

'i6$5*1 Anno prlmo Jacobi II. €.3.  447

feas: that then, and in every fuch cafe, the person or persons Unlefs oath fo exporting the fame (hall be wholly barred and excluded from ^ af a“ having or receiving back the duties of this a<t (o paid down or aUowancc'to advanced, or any part thereof, nor (hall the fecurity formerly be made upon given by fuch perlon exporting for the true payment of the du- exportation, ties by this act impofed, be any ways raifed, leflened, or dif-charged by reafon of fuch exportation, but the fame fecurities (hall remain and continue in full force, until the duties thereby fecured be fully and wholly fatished and paid; any fuch exportation to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.  And for the better prevention of all fuch frauds, which at any time hereafter may be committed to the prejudice of his Majesty in the due collecting and receiving of the duties hereby impofed upon fuch liquors to be imported as aforefaid ; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the officers of Officers to his Majesty’s cuftoms, or fuch other person or persons as his Ma- [a* for jelly (hall authorise and appoint to colledt the duties arifing by tonLg^and this adt, (hall have like power and authority to enter on board poundage, (hips and veffels, and make fearches, and to do all other matters and things which may tend to fecure the true payment of

the duties by this adl impofed, and the due and orderly collection thereof, which any cuftomers, colledlors, or other officers of any of his Majesty’s ports can or may do touching the fecur-ing his Majesty’s cuftoms of tonnage and poundage, and all the said liquors to be imported within the time aforefaid, and landed without doing and performing what by this act is required to be done and performed before the landing thereof: and all officers of his Majesty’s cuftoms, and all persons importing any of Perfons guilty the said liquors, and all others imployed by his Majesty in the of »*}y act collection of the duties arifing by this act, who (hall be found ^”udnhis<Ma" , guilty of any act or neglect tending to defraud his Majesty of any jfUbie& " the duties hereby impofed, (hall be fubject and liable to the fame to penalties in feizures, penalties, and forfeitures, which by virtue of any for- other a&s. mer act can or may be inflicted in fuch cafes, where his Majesty is defrauded, or endeavoured to be defrauded, of anv of his cuftoms and fubfidies, as fully and amply, as if the (ame claufes of feizures, penalties, and forfeitures, and the fame diftribution of fuch forfeitures, and the fame remedy for recovery thereof, had been again in this act particularly repeated, applied, and enacted.

IX.  And if any liquors feized for any offence committed a- On fcifure,

gainft this act, (hall be claimed by any person as the importer  dutT

thereof, the proof whether the duties thereof be duly paid or chdmer! U?°n fecured (hall lie upon fuch claimer, and (hall not be incumbent

on his Majesty, or any profecutor or informer on behalf of his Majesty and himfelf.

CAP.

Anno primo Jacobi II, c.4.  [

CAP. IV.

Ah all for granting to bis Majesty an impofition upon all tobacco and fugar imported between the four and twentieth day of June, one tboufand fin hundred eighty five, and tbs four and twentieth day of June, one tboufand fix hundred ninety three. And from thence continued (as for tobacco only) by 2 tV.&M. fejf.i. c. 5. till 24 Juney 1693. and from thence (as for tobacco only) continued by 4 & 5 Af. c. 15. till 24 June, 1698.

Mofi gracious Sovereign

ms a8 modi TXT E your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedte, the com-perutudby yy m0ns aflembled in parliament, for a further fupply for f Anns,  repairs of the navy, and providing ftores for the navy and

ordnance, and payment of the debt due to his late Majeftjrs fer-vants and family, and other your Majesty’s weighty and important occafions, have cheerfully and unanimoufly given and granted junto your Majesty an aid and afliftance to be railed and levied upon all tobacco and fugar to be imported into your Majesty’s kingdom, according to fuch rates, and during fuch time, and in (uch manner and form, as herein after foUoweth: and we do humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be ena&ed, and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent ot the lords fpiritual and temporal, and of the commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by rhe authority of the fame. That for all forts of tobacco, as alfo for all forts of fugar, which at any time after the four and twentieth day of June, in the year of our Lord, one thoufand fix hundred eighty and five, and before the four and twentieth day of jluae^ whicn (hall be in the year of our Lord God, one thoufand fix hundred ninety and three, (hall be imported into England, or IValcS) or the town and port of Berwick upon Tweed, there (hall be Impofition of duty anfwered and paid to his Majesty the further rates and duties 3d. per pound hereafter mentioned (that is to fay) for all forts of tobacco of upon tobacco the growth and production of any of his Majesty’s plantations, IiomAmerica, iflan(js, or territories in America, three pence for every pound upon*SpSifh? weight thereof, above what it now pays ; and for every pound Altered by weight of Spani/h or foreign tobacco, not of the Englijb plantain Geo. 1. c.ai. tions, fix pence above what it now pays; and for all Adufcovab 3*  fugar of the aforefaid plantations, iflands, lands or territories,

one farthing the pound weight above what it now pays ; and for every pound weight of fugar of the Engli/h plantations, made lit for common ufc or fpending, three farthings above what it now pays; and for every pound weight of Mufcovado fugar of Brazile, or any other foreign part, not of Englijb plantations, one lialf-pennv above what it now pays ; and for all Pome fugar, one half-penny the pound weight above what it now pays; and for every pound weight of foreign white powder fugar, one penny farthing above what it now pays j ana for all foreign fu-

P*

*685*3 Anno primp Jacobi II. q.4.  449.

gar imported in the loaf, three pence the pound weight* above what it now pays: all which duties to be paid for any the com* The impofi-modities aforefaid, imported as aforefaid, (hall from time to .dons to be le-time, and at all times during the continuance of this a<ft, be vied_uPon the levied on the confumptioner or the said commodities in  tbner™^

or JVties, or town of Berwick upon Twee,to be paid in man- Tib duty b to be ner following (that is to fay) the importer, merchant, planter,  -

or other that (hall import the said goods, if he be a retailer, con- l° th‘la'wt fumptioner, or (hop-keeper dealing in those commodities, the duties aforefaid (hall be paid and fatisfied by fuch importer, c.

(hop-keeper, retailer, or confumptioner, upon the importing Retailer to pay or landing of his or their goods, and before he or they be per- before hecary mitted or fufFered to carry away his or their goods from the cu- f^m th*gcu- * ftom-houfe or other place in the port, in which they may hap- ftom-houfe, pen to be landed or brought on more.

II.  And be it further ena&ed. That every merchant or itn- Merchant is porter, that is not a retailer, confumptioner, or (hop-keeper to give fecuri-dealing in those commodities, after entry of his or their goods, ty to pay the by bill under his or their hands, or the hand of fuch person for °utje®.before whom he or they (hall engage to be anfwerable, prefently, be- g^,7oau»y fore he or they be admitted or permitted to have any warrant to buyer. receive hi? or their goods out of the (hip, or from the water-iide, (hall become bound unto his Majesty with one or more fufficient fureties, or procure two other persons to become bound to his Majesty, in fuch Turns of money as (hall amount to the value of the duties hereby impofed upon his or their goods, with condition, that he or they (hall not and will not deliver or caufe or fuffer any of the said goods to be delivered unto any of the buyers thereof, or put or delivered into the cuftody or poflelfion of any retailer, confumptioner, or (hop-keeper dealing in the said commodities, before fuch time as the duty impofed by this adt upon his or their said goods be first duly paid and fatisfied, if not or that in cafe he (hall not fell or export the fame before the ex- fell within it piration of eighteen months from the importation thereof, that months, to he will pay all and every the duties impofed by this adV, and that Paythe dut“*» every merchant or other importer of any the commodities liable to the duties impofed by this adt, after he hath entred his goods, and given bond, as aforefaid, lhall afterwards, upon fale of all or any part of the fame, under his own hand, or the hand of fuch person for whom he or they (hall be refponfible, certify in writing the quantity, and quality, and weight of his goods (old, on fale the with the name of the buyer, who bringing and delivering of the weight and fame to the next office appointed for the colledlion of this duty, number of the lhall then and there, pay the duties aforefaid, of the goods fo cer- n^e of the tilled to be fold, unto the officer appointed to receive the fame, buyer to be who thereupon (hall give him a receipt for fuch his duties paid, certified, and a certificate to be left with the merchant importer of the Bu>’ers lb*'1, payment of the fame; and no merchant importer, as aforefaid, u*o^he re-'* before his receipt of fuch certificate of payments of the duties, as ^pt of the aforefaid, (hall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, nor buyer nor good*, any other person receive, all or any fuch goods, upon pain of Vol. VIII.  Gg  for-

 LiOOQle

45°  Anno primo Jacobi U. c.4,  f 1685.

Penalty upon forfeiture of double duties impofed by this act, or the value of fo/bres^hof1 t^ic g°°^s f° delivered and received ; which forfeiture the said this aft. importer and receiver (hall each of them be liable unto.

Barter t  And ** ^krt*'cr enacted, That a barter, truck, or ex-

cd a fale?”1 * change of one goods for another, (hall to all intents and purposes be deemed and reputed a fale, and the duties pre/entiy paid for both commodities, if they be both liable thereunto, or for fuch of the commodities as are liable, upon pain of forfeiture by the parties bartering, trucking, or exchanging, as in cafe of not paying the duties tor the like goods upon the fale of them.

Buyer with IV. Provided always, That where the first buyer or receiver deiign to ex- of the said goods in truck, barter, or exchange, does buy or report (hall give qcJvc the said goods with intent to export the fame, in fuch cafe irin'tour0 ° t^ie >mPorter (hall certify in writing, the quantity, and quality, months. and weight of the goods fold or bartered, with the name of the buyer or barterer, who bringing and delivering of the (ame unto the chief officer or officers, in the next office appointed for the collection gfthis duty, (hall then and there enter into bond with fureties and penalty of double duties as aforefaid, to export the Certificate of Tame bona fide within the fpace of four months, who thereupon fuch bond (hail fhall give him a certificate of fuch bond entered into, the which fnf orter thC cert'^cate (^a^ deliver to the merchant importer, and, by vir-mipor er.  Qf  the fame> receive pofleflion of the goods ; and fuch cer-

tificate being produced by the importer (hall difeharge his account for fo much, as if the duties had been paid, the which The manner bond-for the exportation of the goods fo entered into, (ha11 a-how fuch bond gain be difeharged and vacated by the certificate of his Majesty’s fhall be dif-  fearcher or under-fearcher in the port of London, and of the fearch-

6gGe 1 Cf any ot^ero^out-ports,certifying the (hippingof the fame, c"i. C°* ** and the merchant or merchants oath, that the fame have not a-gain been relanded in England, or IVqU:% or town of Berwick upon Tweed i for which oath and certificate no fee is to be taken. Commiflion- V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, era have pow That the commiflioners, or chief managers, and collectors ap-er once in pointed for the collecting of this duty refpectively, and in their three months feveral and refpective offices, once every three months without merchant to  or  °ftncr ^ they fhall fee caufe, (hall take care for the ba-

bring in an lancing and adjufting of the merchants their import accounts, account. by calling them, and requiring them and every of them, to bring and deliver to them refpectively a particular account of all the goods and merchandize liable td this duty, which fliall be then remaining in his or their hands at the time he or they (hall be fo called upon, and required ; and if any fuch merchant, impor-Penalty upon ter, or other person (hall upon notice given him or them, or bringing in his  uP°n n°tice or fummons left at his or their ufual place of

account. abode or habitation, warning him or them thereunto, refufeor neglect to give in fuch account for the fpace of fourteen days after fuch notice, warning, or fummons, as aforefaid, every fuch merchant or importer (liall then be liable to the payment

of

 L.ooQle

45 *

i6$5*j  Anno primo Jacobi II. c.4.

of the full duty of all the goods he (hall (land duly charged with , in his or their import account, and (hall pay the fame within fourteen days next after following, at the fartheft ; or in default thereot every fuch merchant and importer (hall forfeit double the value ot all the duties of fuch goods as (hall be found refting and remaining on his import account, and (hall ever after be incapable of taking up any goods liable to this duty, in any port of this realm, for his own or any other ufe, witnout payment down of the duty of fuch goods, as if he were a retailer, confumptioner, or (hop-keeper dealing in fuch goods ; Commifllon-but if fuch importer (hall upon demand, or within fourteen days Jp2[crt° after, give in fuch account as aforefaid, then the said commiflion- fearchers if ers, collectors, or chief managers of this duty may (if they fee the merchant caufe fo to do) appoint one or more officer or officers to enter brinS8 in into all the cellars, ware-houfes, (tore-cellars, or other placesaccount* whatfoever belonging to fuch importer, to fearch, fee, and try, by taking an account of the quantity and quality of the goods and merchandize therein remaining, whether fuch importers remainder do agree with his account, or no, and to make report thereof to the said commiffioners or collectors refpeCtively ; which report of fuch officer or officers, in cafe of differences They are to be between the remainder and account of fuch merchant, (hall be governed by reputed, taken, and efteemed for the true and juft remainder, Jjj* fe^dien. according to which, the said commiffioners or collectors (hall proceed in making up his account: and then fuch importer making oath before the said commiffioners, collectors, or chief ma-  e

hagers of this duty refpeCtively, that the goods and merchandize merchant be-remaining, viewed by the officer or officers aforefaid, and all fore the pafT-other goods fhipt out by him or others by which his account is ing his ac-to be aifeharged, were alt and every part and parcel of themcount* fuch goods and merchandize as had been bona fide formerly imported by himfelf, and entered in the office appointed for the fame, and there charged on his proper import account, and that the said goods and merchandizes found fo remaining had not been fold or altered, either direCtly, or indirectly, in their property, fince the first importation and bringing in of the fame into this realm, the said commiffioners, collectors or chief managers of this duty, (hall fettle and adjuft the aforefaid impor- 1001* p*n*Ity ter’s accounts accordingly: but if any merchant importer arore- cinntTcfufine said (hall refufe to permit any officer or officers authorized by officer to warrant from the commiffioner or commiffioners for the col- fearch. leCting of this duty, in the day-time, to enter into or fearch his or their cellars, ware-houies, ftore-houfes, (lore-cellars, or other places, and to take an account of the quality and quantity of his and their goods therein remaining; every foch merchant (hall, for every fuch refufal, forfeit one hundred pounds: and if permitting entrance and fearch, as afore-If he refufe to faid, (hall neverthelefs refufe to make oath that the goods  ,

and merchandize viewed and feen, and (hewn unto the offi-cer and officers, as aforefaid, or fhipt out, as aforefaid, were pute<i

G g 2  all

45*

Bond returned into the exchequer upon nonpayment.

Importer’* accounts to be difeharg-ed by exportations.

Importer retailer to be repaid his duties upon exportation. *Tbi/e eighteen months enlarged to three years by 7 Q-1. Hat. 1. c. ai. f. io. Importer charged only with the neat effects.

Commiflio-nei 9 in ay allow tor decay.

Anno primo Jacobi IL c.4.  [1685.

all of them imported by himfelf from beyond 'the feas, and entred upon his import account in the office appointed for this duty, and without any alteration of property; all and every fuch goods (hall be efteemed and reputed the goods and merchandize of fome other than fuch importer, and therefore not at all to be reckoned in difeharge of his account: and if fuch merchant (hall make oath, and yet (hall negledt or refufe tor the (pace of fourteen days following after the doing thereof, to pay and fatisfy fuch duties as by this adt (hall be due and payable thereupon, every fuch importer his bond given upon ditry of thole goods which be found wanting, (hall be returned into the exchequer! there to be profecuted according to the courfe of law, and (hall not afterwards upon his or their importation of goods into any port of this realm, be permitted to take up, land, or lay on (hore his or their goods, before payment down of the full duties by this adt impoled unto the officer appointed to receive the fame at the port where his goods (hall arrive or be brought in.

VI.  Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That the importer’s accounts (hall be difeharged by exportations by him made, for which he (hall produce certificate under the hands of his Majesty’s fearcher or under-fearcher in the port of London^ and of the fearcher of any other of the out-ports, certifying the (hipping out of the fame, and his or their oath that the feme have not been again re-landed in England, Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed.

VII.  Provided alfo, That every importer, who (hall be retailer, confumptioner, or (hop-keeper, dealing in the commodities aforefaid, who are to pay down the aforefaid duty upon fuch his importation, (hall, upon his exportation of the laid commodities, within the fpace of eighteen months next after fuch his importation, be repaid the duties fo by him paid down upon his importation of the fame, by the officer appointed to receive the said duty.

VIII.  And forafmuch as the commodities aforefaid are liable to damage on the feas.\ and whereas by the act of tonnage and poundage, and the rules and infractions for collecting his Majeftfs duties arif-ing thereby, it is directed that allowance be made for damage by feu-water or otherwife \ be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That no importer of the commodities chargeable by this adt (hall be charged for any greater proportion of the goods herein mentioned, duly entred at the cultom-houfe, than what (hall remain neat after fuch allowance or abatement.

IX.  And forafmuch as the commodities aforefaid are liable to wa/U and decays during the time they may remain in the hands of the importer y before the fale or exportation of the fame; the aforeiaid commiffioner or commiffioners, colledtors, or chief managers of this duty, are hereby impowered and authorized to make fuch further allowance for the fame, as to their judgments (hall * teem meet, confidcring the circumstances of the commodities.

453

1*85.]

Anno primo Jacobi II. C.4.

and the time of their lying by, in confideration of all damages,

‘ want of weight, diminution, or prejudice whatfoever, that may happen to the feid commodities : provided fuch allowance exceed not eight pounds per cent. in the whole, for all caufes whatsoever.

X.  And whereas it is provided, That this duty be collected on the retailer, confumptioner, or/hop-keeper trading in the said commodities, importing the fame, or on the firfi buyer, not exporting the fame as is before declared; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe the merchant or others importing the feme (who (hall be admitted to receive poffeffion of his goods on Security, as aforefaid) (hall not clear his of their import account, either

by feles or exportation as aforefaid, within the term of eigh- Ifnofele nor teen months, from the time of the importation of the feid goods; expomnoii he or they the said importer or importers (hall be charged with months, the duty impofed by this aft on the commoditiesaforefeid, and duties to be* anfwer and pay the fame as if the said goods had then been fold paid, by retail, although the said goods (hall (till remain without any alteration of property in his or their hands; any thingin this aft to the contrary notwithftanding: provided always. That in Allowance (uch cafe allowance be made for wafte and decay in the manner tor ccay* already provided for.

XI.  And to the end that all importers, merchants and per- Comm,ffi" .

Ions concerned in the payment of the duties aforefaid, may  m

know to whom and where to pay the fame, and to make entry y ^

of their, goods, in manner as by this aft is intended; it is hereby enafted, That his Majesty may from time to time nominate, Commiffionate, and authorise fuch comfmiffioner or commif-fioners, colleftor or colleftors, or other Officer or officers, as he fhall think (it, to manage, colieft, and levy the said duties in every port of the kingdom ; which feid commiffioners, collectors, or other officer or officers fo appointed, (hall duly attend at the cuftom-houfe, or other place publickly appointed in the port or place to which he or they (hall be refpeftively appointed, at the ufual hours and times in which the officers ofthe cuftoms do or ought to attend, and there (hall do and execute whatfoever ought to be done arid executed on his or their parts, purfuant to the truft rCpoled in him or them, according to the true intent and.meaning of this aft.

XII.  And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Double duties That no merchant or merchants, or any other person orperfons whatfoever, entring any goods, wares," and merchandizes from man’s name, beyond the seas, that are liable to the duties impofed by this

aft, (hall enter his or their commodities in any other than the name of the true importer of the said commodities; nor (hall make use of any name of any person whatfoever to colour his or their goods, whether it be with or without the confent of fuch person ; upon pain of forfeiture of double duties on fuch goods fo found or difeovered to be entfed or coloured contrary to the true meaning hereof. And for the better levying and

G g 3  col-

Anno primo Jacobi II. c.4.  T1685,

colleding all and every of the said duties impofed by this ad, and preventing the many frauds and deceits which may be had and ufed by evil difpofed perfons, and undue pra&ices to elude this ad, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Goods to be no goods, wares, or merchandizes, liable to the duties by this landed, &c. ad impofed, (hall from and after the said four and twentieth rS"5J?.d>yof June> in the year of our lord one thoufand fix hundred c a s a 1 eighty and five, during the continuance of this ad, be difcharg-ed or laid on land out of any (hip, bottom, hoy, bark, lighter, boat or veffel whatfoever, or put off from any wharf, key, or place, or land, into any (hip, bottom, hoy, bark, lighter, boat, or other veffel whatfoever, but only in fuch manner, and at fuch times and places, and no otherwife, than the said goods and merchandizes may or ought to be unftiipped, unladen, or put into any (hip or other veffel to be laid on (hore or laden, put off from land into any (hip, or other veffel, by virtue of, and according to the true intent and meaning of the feverai laws and ftatutes made and enaded for the payment of his Majesty’s cuf-toms and fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, and for colle&ing and levying the (aid duties, and for preventing frauds, and regulating abufes in his Majesty’s cuftoms ; and all the daufes, penalties, and forfeitures mentioned in the aforefaid ads againfi mafters of (hips, wharfingers, feamen and boatmen, carmen, and porters, fhall be to all intents and purpofes in full force, touching and concerning any of the goods and merchandizes mentioned in this ad, and the duties impofed thereupon (as well in relation to their landing at their importation, as at their loading of the fame at exportation, as alfo for their carrying at any time coaftwife from one port to another) as if the fame were herein particularly and at large recited; and the com-miflioner or commifiioners, colledor or colledors, officer or officers appointed as aforefaid, for the colleding of this duty, are hereby impowered, for the better colleding the duties hereby impofed, and therein avoiding all frauds and undue pradices, with all the powers and authorities, the commiffioners, collectors, or officers of the cuftom-houfe have or may have, by virtue of the aforementioned laws in relation to the management of the cuftoms. And be it further enacted by the authority Penalties how aforefaid. That all penalties and forfeitures incurred by virtue recoverab e. Qf a£^ j and may ^ recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in his Majesty’s court of exchequer, or in One moifty to any °f bis Majesty’s courts of record at JVeJlmin/ler : and that the King, the one moiety of all penalties and forfeitures herein mentioned other to the ffiall be to the King’s majefty, his heirs, and fuccefiors, and profccutor. the other moiety to fuch perion or persons as (hall fue for the fame; wherein no effoin, protedion, or wager of law (hall be Officer only allowed, or any more than one imparlance : provided always, ffiall profe- *That ho person or persons (hall fue for the aforefaid penal-cute.  ties or forfeitures, but fuch officey or officers as (hall be ap- 1

pointed by his Majesty, or by any authority derived from him,

for

euitoras.

Penalties in those ads in force here*

Coxnmiffi-

oners, See. have like power as there.

455

68 g  Anno  primo  Jacobi  II. c. 5— 7.

:>r the management of his cuftoms, or the duties impofed by his a6t. And be it hereby alfo enafted, That all officers, de- officers (hall ►uties, clerks, or fervants, which (hall have any office or im- fwear to exc-loyment in the managing, collefting, or attending upon the olie&ion of this duty, ffialJ, before their entering upon their repetitive offices, trufts, or imployments take their refpeftive rorporal oaths for the due and faithful execution and difchajge, o the belt of their knowledge and power, of the feveral trufts md imployments committed to their charge, before the com-xiilfioners or chief managers of the cuftoms of this duty, or be-ore the cuftomer or comptroller in any out-port of the kingdom ; and if any commodity feized for any offence committed against this aft, (hall be claimed by any person whatfoever, or any perfonal information (hall be brought or commenced against any person for the recovering of the duties or forfeitures granted by this aft, the onus probandij or the proof whether the duties thereof be paid or fecured, (hall lie upon the claimer, or defendant, and (hall not be incumbent on his Majesty, or Defendant any profecutor or informer on behalf of his Majesty or himfelf: to prove duty provided fuch feizure or information be made or brought by paid, upon officers or persons imployed in his Majesty’s cuftoms, or the trial# duties atifing by virtue of this aft.

CAP. V.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by an impofition on all French linens, and all Eaft-India linen, and feveral other manufactures of India, and on all French wrought (ilks, and ftufFs, and on all other wrought (ilks, and on all brandies, imported after the first day of July, one thoufand fix hundred eighty five, and before the first day of July, one thoufandfix hundred and ninety, tor the King's extraordinary oc-cafions. Exp.

CAP. VI.

An act for the repealing certain claufes in an act of parliament made in the nine and twentieth and thirtieth years of the reign of his late Majesty, for prohibiting French commodities. Exp. Tbe prohibition being temporary.

CAP. VII.

An an for reviving and continuing two former for encouragement of coinage.

WHEREAS great benefit and advantage hath accrued to this <j*he advan-kingdom by one ail of parliament paffed in the eighteenth year tage of i*Car, of the reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, of blejfed *• c. 5. of memory, intituled. An act for encouragement of coinage, and co,nage-continued by another ail ofparliament paffed in the five and twentieth year of the reign of the said late King; both which said alls are finct determined and expired, fo thatunltfs the said alls be revived and eon- *5 ^ar> *,c *• tinued, the encouragement given thereby will ceafe, and this kingdom be deprived for the future offo great a good as it hath thereby for theft years lajl  paft enjoyed :we therefore your Majesty’s dutiful and loyal fubjeas, do give and grant unto your MajeRy, the

G g 4.  rates*

45$  Anno  primo  Jacobi II. c.B.  £*68;

The impoftf rates, duties, and impofitions mentioned in the (aid a£fc of pu in the raid aft iiarnent made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his las |ivcn t° e Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, yfo aSfar entourage ment of coinage ; and do humbly pray that it may be eroded;

II. And be it enaded by the Kick’s tnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpoituai ad temporal, -and commons, in this present parliament aftmbied The aft re- and by the authority of the fame, That the find uBts of parlia vived for fe- ment, and every the daufes, articles, and fcntences therein cot fZntmudh fa,nc^ be, and are by virtue of this a A revived and con 19 Geo. *. c. tinued, and (hall be in force for the (pace of (even years, ti 14.  commence from the first day of Auguft, one thousand fix bun

dred eighty five, and until the end of the first fieffion of parlia ment then next following, and no longer.

CAP. VIII.

An aS againfi the importation of gunpowder, arms, and otto ammunition, and utenfiU of war.

WHEREAS, to the great prejudice of this kingdom, and th difeouragement and impoverijhment of the gun-fmiths am other artificers, great quantities of arms and ammunition have of lati years been imported, to the endangering the peace and quiet of th\ kingdom:

None (hall H- For remedy whereof be it enafted by the King’s mod ex-import gun. cellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords powder, 8cc. fpjritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent par-cenceUt liament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it 9 (hall not, at any time from and after the tenth day of July, one thoufand fix hundred eighty and five, be lawful to or for any

!>erfon or persons whatfoever, without licence from his Majesty, lis heirs and fucceffors, to import or bring into this kingdom of England, dominion of fVales, or town of Berwick upon Tweti, by way of merchandize, any gunpowder, arms, ammunition, or ytenfils of war, upon pain and forfeiture of all and every fuch

Snoods fo imported, as aforefaid, to his Majesty, his heirs, and iicceflors, and the person or perfons, who (nail fo import or bring in the fame, or in whofe cuftody any fuch gunpowder, upon forfei- arms, ammunition, or utenfils of war, (hail be found, being ture of poods thereof lawfully convifted, (hall forfeit treble the value of the imported,and goods fo imported, one moiety thereof unto his Majesty, his valued one ^e*rs anc* fucceff°rs> and the other moiety thereof to fuch per-moiety to the fon or perfons, who will fue for the fame, by aftion of debt, King, the bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of re-other to the cord at IVefiminfter, wherein no effoin, prote&ion, or wager of profecutor. laWj (hall be allowed.

Obtaining a III. Provided always. That if any person or persons what-grant for foie foeVer, bodies politick or corporate fhall by colour of this aft, porfinf ^gun^" or othcrwife, obtain from hi$ Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, powder, &c. any letters patent, licence, or grant, tor the folp making or im: porting any gunpowder^ arms, ammunition, or other utenfils of *  "  war,

457

&  5*1  Anno  prime  Jacobi  II. c.9—14.

ir, and dull put the fame in execution, or by colour thereof oleft or hinder any person or perfons, who lawfully make any ie things before mentioned in this kingdom, or mall obtain iy letters patents, licence, or grant, for the importing of gun* owder, arms, ammunition, or other utenfils of war, by way of verchandize, to make .profit thereof, other than .for the imme* iate furiMfhing of the publick fiores of his Majesty, his heirs, nd fucceflors; that'then the person and persons offending, hall incur and faftain the pains, penalties, and forfeitures con-ukved and provided in the statute of provifion and Pramuntre to incur a nade in the fixteenth year'of the reign of King  the  Se-  fry*"””**

:ond, and bedilabled to bold any office or imployment under his ““Pj® Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors ; and all andevery foch letters, licence, patent, and grant,-and every of them, for the foie mak- void, jng and importing tne said commodities, (hall be void to all intents and purpofcs, as if the fame had never been had or made ; any daufe of Non ebflante, or other provifion or covenant to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftandiiig.

CAP. IX.

An act to suable his Majesty to make grants, leafes, and copies, of offices, EXP.

' lands, and hereditaments, parcel of nis Highncfles duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the lame, and for confirmation of leafes and grants already made.

CAP, X.

An act for the providing neceflary carriages for his Majesty in his royal EXP. progreft and removals.

CAP. XI.  EXP. ix Sc

An act for reviving an aft for providing of carriages by land and by I+ Car. %. c. water, for the ufeof his Majesty’s navy and ordnance. Exp. ,0. vjj V

W. Se M. c. 14. 11 & is W. j. c. 1 j. C |.

CAP. XII.

An act for eonfolidating the eftates tail and reverfion in fee, which hit EXP.

Majefty hath in the poft-office, and twenty four thoufand pounds per annum of the hereditary excile.

CAP. XIII.

An act for reviving a former aft for exporting of leather. Cnstinatdftr  r

7 years by i W. Sc M. jef. i, r. *j. And fartheretnlmutd by i Ann. ftat. 10 ■ • l,c*5‘ a. c. t j. 9 Ann. c. 6. and 3 Geo. 1. c. 7. f. 1. paying a duty.

CAP. XIV. fa ail for continuance of three former ails for preventing of theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England.

WHEREAS an aft was made in the thirteenth and fourteenth 1J * ’♦ Car.

years of the reign of our late fovereign lord King Charles the *' c‘ **" fecund, intituled. An .aft for preventing of theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England: and whereas alfo another aft it Car. was made m the eighteenth year of the reign of the said King,

> intituled. An afl to continue a former aft to prevent theft and rapine ppm the northern borders ^England; both which afts were con-tipaecj by another aft made in th$ twfnty-pinth and thirtieth

years

*9 & 3° Car. %. c. 1.

Revived for eleven years.

Continued by 17 Geo. *. c. 40*

Preamble,

Eighteen pence per chaldron or tun laid upon coals.

Anno primo Jacobi II. c.15.' CX^5S*

yean of the reign of the /aid late King, intituled. An a£k for continuance of two former ads for preventing of theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England, for and during the fpau and time of fevenyears, and alfo from theme until the end of the firf feffton of this prefent parliament; which laws have been found very 1 neceffaryfor the prefervation of those places from that great number of lewd, diforderly, and lawlefsperfons that ufuaUy infefiedand frequented in those parts :

II. Be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by authority of the fame, That the said three for* mer ads, and all and every of them, and every matter, claufe and claufes therein contained, and all and every the powers and authorities thereby given, (hall be, continue, and remain in full force from henceforth, for and during the fpace and term of eleven years: and alfo from thence unto the end of the first feflion of the next parliament.

CAP. XV.

An act for rebuilding, finijhing and adorning of the cathedral church of St. Paul’j London.

WHEREAS by a late art of parliament a small part of the im-pofition upon coals imported in or near the city of London was given towards the rebuilding the cathedral church of St. Paul’/ wholly ruined by the dreadful fire of London, which (and all other fupplies) carefully expended, have made fome confiderable advance in the said work, but fo far jbort of finijbing a fabrick of fo large dimenfions. That without further encouragement by a fupply from the publics, the n said work in a little time mujl be left imperfeft and ufelefs, and eon-  1

fequently all the said former expence totally loft, to the dijhonour of our eftablijhed religion, and to the reproach of the said city: and whereas by the said late aft the lord archbijbop of Canterbury, the lord bijbop of London, and the lord mayor of London for the time being, or any two of them were impowered to imploy ana difpofe part of the said impofition upon coals towards the building the said cathedral of St, Paurj; therefore for enabling of the said lord archbijbop and lord bijbop of London, and the lord mayor of London for the time being, or any two of them to finijb fo great ana pious a work: be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the com-mons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and bv the authority of the fame, That for all forts of coals which from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand fix hundred eighty feven, and before the twenty-ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred (hall be imported or brought into the port of the said city of London or the river of Thames within the liberty of the said city upon the fame river, there (hall be paid by way of impofition thereupon over and belides 4 all other impolitions and duties according to the rates hereafter mentioned, that is to fay, for all fuch forts of coals cr culm as

are

459

685-1  Anno primo Jacobi II. c.15.

re ufally fold by the chaldron, for every chaldron thereof con-lining thirty fix bufhels Winchejler meafure the fum of eigh-een pence $ and for fuch forts of coals as are fold by the tun, or every tun thereof containing twenty hundred weight the ike fum of eighteen pence, which said impofition of eighteen >ence for every chaldron or tun of coals (hail from time to time luring the term aforefaid be anfwered and paid unto the said ord archbilhop of Canterbury, lord bilhop of London, and lord To be paid nayor of London for the time being, or any two of them, or to to the arch-. :heir deputy or deputies, officer or afligns thereunto appointed hifoopofCan. and conftituted under their hands and feals, or the hands and bcVor^bulk* Teals of two of them, by every matter, owner or owners, or other be broken, person or persons taking charge of any (hip or veffel whereupon fuch coals (hall be laden, before they (hall break bulk or deliver out any coals or have a meeter alfigned for the meafuring or weighing of any coals aforefaid to be delivered from on board any fuch (hip or vettel, the said impofition to be paid at fuch place or places as by the said lord archbi(hop, lord bi(hop, and lord mayor, or any two of them (hall from time to time be appointed for the receipt thereof, whereupon the party appointed to receive the fame (hall without delay, fee or reward deliver a Receipt given receipt to the person or persons who (hall pay the said impofi- upon pay. tion or duty, which receipt (hall for lb much be a fufficient dif- mcnt-charge.

II. And to the end that the said impofition may be duly Coal-meet-anfwered and paid without fraud or covin, and for the better ers (hall give levying and colle&ing thereof, and for difcovery of the juft to the^arch-quantities of all forts of coals to be imported as aforefaid, be it aPcert^ further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the coal-meet- ficatc 0f the ers for the city of London appointed or to be appointed, and quantity, every of them and their refpedtive deputies in their turn and courfe of attendance refpedUvely fo foon as any (hip or vettel freight with coals (hall be unladen, (hall fortnwith deliver a true certificate in writing unto the deputy or deputies, officers or afligns of the said lord archbilhop, lord bifhop and lord mayor for the time being, or any two of them (who lhall be appointed to receive the said impofition) of the forts, quantities or number ot chaldrons or tuns of coals refpe&ively, which (hall be meafured or weighed and delivered from on board any (hip or vettel, on pain for his or their default therein to befufpended from the execution and benefit of his or their office or imploy-ment for one whole year from thence next following, and to The penalty forfeit the fum of ten pounds 5 and in cafe it (hall appear by ^ritnot doing fuch certificate or otherwife, that there was on board any fuch 0 1 '

(hip or vettel a greater number of chaldrons or tuns ot coals 5s- P«r ch»h then for which the said impofition (hall have been anfwered and paid as aforefaid, that then in fuch cafe there (hall be paid concealed*1 to the said lord archbi(hop, lord bilhop, and lord mayor for the coals.

; time being, or any two of them, for every chaldron or tun of coals fo concealed over and above the impofition aforefaid, the farther impofition or fum of five (hillings, for all which itnpo-

fitions

Ship may be attached for non-payment.

Penalty dif-chargea if first raipoft pud within twenty-four hours.

Arcbbiihopi See. may appoint Marchers.

Money to be applied to build St'. Paul's.

Books to be kept of re

460  Anno  primo Jacobi II. c.15.  fi6:

fitions (in cafe of refufal to pay the fame) fuch (hip or vefiel, any the tackle, furniture or apparel thereof may be atta and detained by warrant from the laid lord archbifhop, bifhop, and Iona mayor for the time being, or any two of until payment thereof.

III.  Provided neverthelefs. That if the importer upon ft certificate delivered in by the coal-meeter, (hall within four a twenty hours give in his poft-entry, and fatisfy and pay d whole duty for the furplufage of coals appearing upon the uf lading of luch (hip or vefiel, that then upon fuch payment tl penalty aforefaid (hall be difeharged.

IV.  Be it farther ena&ed, That it (hall be lawful for d (aid lord archbifhop, lord bifhop, and lord mayor for d time being, or any two of them, by warrant under their hand to appoint an officer or officers to go on board all (hips veflels laden with coals, and to infpelt the coal-meeters their deputies in their work, fcore and foil clearing and livehc every fuch (hip and vefiel, and to certify as direded by the & warrant.

V.  And be it farther enaded, That all and every fuch and fums of money which (hall be railed upon the receipt d the impofition of eighteen pence for every chaldron or tun e coals, or by fuch additional impofition or duty in cafe of concealment as aforefaid, (hall in the first place be applied and dif pofed unto the rebuilding, finilhing and adorning the bid cathedral of St. Poufs.

VI.  And to the end the monies to be raifed upon the impo-fition aforefaid may be duly applied to the ufcs for which the

^fements * kme *s  a<^  appointed  j  be  it  farther enaded. That their *

(hall from time to time be provided and kept by the fiud lord archbifhop, lord bi(hop, and lord mayor, or two of them, or by their deputy or deputies, officer or afligns appointed as aforefaid, one or more book or books of vellom or parchment ii* which all monies thereupon to be received (hall from time to time be en-tred and fet down; and alfo other like book or books wherein, the accompts of all payments and difburfetnents out of the fame (hall be likewife entred, exprefling the time when, the occafion for which, and the name of the person or perfens to whom the fame were fo paid or dtfburfea; and that it (hall and may be lawful to and for all and every person or persons that (hall or may be in any wife concerned fo to do, to have free accefs unto, and view the said refpedive books of receipts and di(burfements at all times when the office is open, without any fee or reward to be taken or demanded for view or in-fpetftion thereof. And that the lord archbifhop, lord bifhop, to be annual- and lord mayor for the time being, or any two of them, before Jy tranfmitted the end of Michaelmas term in every year after the year one into the ex- thoufand fix hundred eighty (even, (hall tranfmit ana deliver into the receipt of exchequer a true abftraft of the aforefaid books of accompts containing the receipts and difburfements of ajl piQnics which (hall be raifed and paid by or out of the laid

impo-

3

The book* may be leen without lee.

An abftraft

phequer.

 L.00Q le

5  Anno primo Jacobi II. c. i $,  461

pofition upon coals in the year preceeding, and ending upon 5 four and twentieth day 01 June next before, there to be reived gratis by the proper officer, and kept amongft the records the said court, where it (hall be lawful for any person or per- ™^ f ns who (hall be in any wife concerned fo to do, to have accefs ^ v*£w ereunto, and to view and perufe the said books of accompts Lthout any fee or reward to be taken or received for the fame.

VIl.  And be it farther enaCted, That all and every fum and The moiwy ms of money which (hall be raifed or paid by virtue of this Search- ** \ty (hall be imployed and difpofed for and towards the rebuild- bi(hop, &c. ig, finilhing and adorning the said cathedral church of St. (hall appoint. 'auV s, according to fuch order and direction as by the said lord, rchbifhop, lord bifhop, and lord mayor for the time being, or ny two of them, (hall be given in that behalf5 and the fame hall from time to time be iffued out aiid paid accordingly unto uch person and persons as they or any two of them (hall by warrant tinder their hands and feals for that purpofe direct and ippoint 5 which warrant and fuch person or persons acquittance [hall be a fufficient difcharge in law to him or them who (hall thereupon pay any fuch sum or sums of money.

VIII.  And be it farther enaCted, That for all monies paid Allowance to and difburft by virtue of this aCt, it (hall and may be lawful for officcr8* the said lord archbi(hop, lord bi(hop, and lord mayor for the time being, or any two of them, under their hands and feals, to difpofe of any (urn or part of the said monies, not exceeding in the yvhole four pence in the pound, unto fuch person or persons who (hall be appointed from time to time to be treafurer or treafurers, paymafters, book-keepers, collectors or accompt-ants for the (aid money in lieu of the trouble, hazard and inci-dent charges attending the receipt and payment thereof. And forafmuch as the monies to be raifed by the impofitions afore-faid will rtot in a long time raife fuch a (lock or fum of money as may be fufficient for the effecting the ends and purpofes of this aCt:

IX.  It is hereby farther enaCted, That the said lord arch- Theborrow-bilhop, lord bi(hop, and lord mayor for the time being, or any ing claufe. two of them, (hall be and are hereby impowered by indenture under their hands and feals to ingage the profit arifing out of the refpeCtive impofitions by this aCt, or any part or parts thereof, as a fecurity for any sum or sums of money by them to be borrowed for the ends, and purpofes of this aCt, to any person or persons that (hall or will advance any sum or sums upon fuch fecurity. All which money fo to be borrowed (hall be imployed for or towards the rebuilding, finilhing and adorning the said cathedral church according to the true intent of this aCt.

X.  Provided always, and be it enaCted, That if any aCHon Perfons fued or fuit (hall be brought or proceeded against any person or per- may plead >j fons for any matter or thing done, committed or executed by vir- 5e^eral tuc of this aCt, or of any claufe or article herein. That then and doub^cofo.

in

The money liiall be paid to luch as the archbilhop, &c. (hail appoint.

Receivers (hall give fecurity approved by the lord chancellor, See.

Farther preamble.

Archbilhop, See. may appropriate any part under a 5th to the fi-nilhing the other churches.

Anno primo Jacobi IT. c.15.  £168

in every fuch cafe the defendant or defendants may plead ti general ifluc (Not guilty) and give this ad and the fpecial ntt teri. evidence at any trial thereupon to be had; and rf a ve did (hall pafs for the defendant, or the plaintiff (hail be nor fuit or difeontinue his adion after the defendant hath appears the defendant (hall recover double cofts to be awarded for his : their wrongful vexation in that behalf.

XI.  And be it farther enaded, That all fuch monies fo tob received upon accomptof thefaid impofition (hall from timet: time be paid to fuch person or persons as the said lord arcc bilhop, lord bilhop, lord mayor, or any two of them, 0i£ from time to time appoint under their hands and feals to be re ceiver or receivers-general, fo as fuch person or persons do fir* give good fecurity to the dean and chapter of the said cathednd church of St. PouTs London, for the due repayment of all fu± monies as they (hall receive in purfuance of this ad, that thej may be expended according to this ad; the said fecurity ben? firlt approved under the hands of the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal, lord chief jultice of the King's bench, lord chief juftice of the common pleas, and lord chief baron for the time being, or any two or more of them.

XII.  And whereas by the additional ad for rebuilding the city of London, made in the two and twentieth year of King Charles the Second, an impofition of eighteen pence per chaldron upon coals was appointed for rebuilding fifty one parochial churches named in the said ad, by the warrant and diredion of* the said lord archbilhop of Canterbury, the lord bilhop of Lw-don, and lord mayor of London for the time being, or any two of them ; and whereas by a provifo in the said ad, one fourth part of the said impofition was appointed to be imployed by the likewarrants forthe rebuilding the cathedral church of St. Poufs, by which means the fabrick of the said cathedral hath been con-fiderably advanced; now fo it is, that the said fourth part having been deduded, the remainder of the said impofition will by eftimate fall (hort of finifhing all the said parochial churches, fo that four of the said fifty one churches may remain unbuilt, and the towers of feme other churches not perfeded; to the end therefore that the said parifh churches appointed by name in the said ad to be rebuilt may have due benefit of the laid impofition upon coals; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the said lord archbilhop of Canterbury, the lord bilhop of London, and lord mayor of London for the time being, or any two of them, to appropriate by warrant under their hands and feals fuch part of the impofition granted by this ad as (hall in their diferetions feem fufficient for the compleating of any the said parochial churches that may happen to remain unfinimed at the expiration of the aforefaid ad made in the two and twentieth year of King Charles the Second, fo as the fame do not in any one year exceed one fifth ( part of the impofition granted by this ad; and when the said churches (hall be competently fmilhed, then to apply and appropriate

4^3

685.3  Anno  primo  Jacobi  II. c.16,17.

ropriatc the whole remainder of the said impofition to the re-uilding of the said cathedral of St. Paul’s, and to no other use or purpofe whatfoever.

XIII.  Provided, That this a<5t nor any thing therein con- Coals deliver-lined (hall not extend or be condrued to extend during the ed toChelfea-Dntinuance of this a<d, to charge or lay any the duties or im- college dif-ofitions aforefaid upon a certain yearly rent or allowance ofchargCd‘ ne hundred chalders of coals which are to be anfwered and elivcred by the mayor and bureefles of Newcajlfe upon Tint for le use of his Majesty’s royal-hofpital now in building in or near Ibelfea in the county of ATidilefex, for a certain long term of The powers of ears yet to come, (the said mayor and burgedes for the time^ re~

•  * •  • m ^ . a *  •  *  1  otid  con-

>eing, or their agents, giving notice from time to time during tinued (0 he continuance of this adt, to the lord archbifhop of Canter- May, 1716. by wry, lord bilhop of London, and lord mayor of London, or any 1 Ann. flat. a. wo of them, of the intended delivery of fuch coals for the utec- X2, iforefaid, three days at the lead before the delivery thereof) any rhing before herein contained to the contrary notwithdanding.

CAP. XVI.

A.n a6t for clearing, preferving, maintaining, and repairing the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth. (Explained by 1 W\ &M. fen. i.cap, 11.)

Power given to the mayor, &c. to lay nd. a chalderupon coals and other commodities for the repair of the harbour. Mayor, &c. to nominate collectors. Collectors to pay the money to the chamberlain. To be eight commiflioners. The commiflioners or any five may take the accounts and difpofe of the money. Colle&ors may fearch (hips, and upon non-payment may by warrant from the mayor diftrain (hips. Upon ten days negledt may fell the (hip. Overplus to be reltored. Fifti, oils, and maintenance for the Teamen excepted.

CAP. XVII.

An ail for reviving and continuance of feveral ails of par-•  liament therein mentioned.

WHEREAS many good and wholefome laws were made in the reign of your Majejiys royal brother King Charles the Second, of blejfed memory, as probationary laws, which by experience have been found very ufeful and beneficial both for the fervice of the crown, and good of the Jubjefts of this your Majejly’s realm ; which said ails being maae temporary, are mojl of them expired, and others near expiring; your commons in this prefent parliament adembled, taking the fame into their ferious confideration, do mod humbly befeech your Majedy, that it may be enabled :  -

II. And be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majedy, & *4 c?r-by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and jr*'fcy™*lVed temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament adembled, years, except and by the authority of the fame, That one a<d of parliament as to the cor-made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of his said late poration. Majedy’s reign, intituled, An act for the better relief of the poor 1 of this kingdom, (except what relates unto the corporation there- “Ct m mentioned and condituted thereby) (hall be in force from the fird day of this prefent fedion of parliament, and foto continue

2

13 Sei^Car.*. c. ii. of fhc-riffs, made perpetual.

17 Car. i. c.8.

464  Annopritno  Jacobi IL c.ty* .  £1685.

tinue for the fpace of feven years, and from thence Jtw thread of the next feflion of parliament.

Settlement to III. And forafmmh as fuch poor persons at their firfi tomtm&U a be accounted parifo fo commonly conceal tbemfehesi be it therefore hereby pro-**m vided and enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the forty ^ days continuance of fuch person in a parkh, intended by the 1 said aft to make a Settlement, (hall be accounted from the time of his or her delivery of notice in writing (which they awe hereby required to do) of the house of his or her abodes and the number of his or her family, if be or (he have any, to one of the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of the laid pardh, to which they (hall fo remove.

IV. And be it further enafted by the authority afore&id. That one other aft made in the (aid thirteenth and fourteenth years of his said late Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for preventing the unnecejfary charge of Jbtriffs% and foreafe in pajfing their accounts, (hall be in force, and is hereby made perpetual.

_____________ V.  And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That one

of avoiding other aft made in the feventeenth year dt his (aid late Majesty’s delays^ and 12 reign, intituled. An act for avoiding unnecejfary fuits and delays: c. *0. of diftri- an° *1^° one °*her aft made in the two and twentieth and three bution made and twentieth years of his late Majesty’s reign, intituled. An perpetual.  aft for the better fettling intefates ejlates,  (which said latter aft is

Explanatory explained by a claufe in one other aft made in the nine and Car. a!” *3. f. twentieth year of his said late Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft *5. of ai ll%\for prevention of frauds and perjuries) both which said afts, with Car. *. c. 10. of the said claufe, are continued by one other aft made in the diftribution*, thirtieth year of his said late Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft tual.^Sar. for rev*vtng both the said former afts. All which said afts and flat. 1. c. 6. claufe9 (hall be in force, and is hereby made perpetual.

For reviving the two former afts revived and made perpetual.

Adminiftra. VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted. That tor compel- no adminiftrator (hall, from the four and twentieth day of July on*et°oaCe°Unt ncxt*i k® to t^c courts in the said iaft aft mentioned, on y to per- tQ ren(jer an account of the perfonal eftate of his inteftate (other-wife than by an inventory or inventories thereof) unlefs it be at the inftance or profecution of fome person or persons in behalf of a minor, or having a demand out of fuch perfonal eftate as a creditor or next of kin, nor be compellable to account before any the ordinaries or judges by the said last aft impowered and appointed to take the fame, otherwife than as is aforefoid; any thing in the said last afts contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

VII.  Provided alfo, and it is further enafted by the authority

aforefaid, That if after the death of a father, any of his children (hall die inteftate without wife or children, in the life-time of the mother, every brother and After, and the reprefentadves of them, (hall have an equal (hare with her; any thing in the last mentioned afts to the contrary notwithftanding.  ;

VIII.  Provided, and k is hereby, for the determining fome arifing upon the acts aforementioned, for the better

fettling

ions intcrcll* ed.

Brother and filter flial! (hare equally with the mo thw.

Claufe of fav ing cuftoins of doubtg London and

5-"\  Anno  primo Jacobi II. c.17  465

ing inteftate* eftatet, enaded and declared, That the claufe province of ein, by which it is provided. That that ad, or any thing tin contained, mould not any ways prejudice or hinder the not to extend om* obferved within the city of London^ and province of to intettates

was never intended, nor (hall be taken or construed to ex- states claim-15 to fuch part of any inteftate’s eftate, a* any adminiftrator, virtue only of being adminiftrator, by pretence or reafon of J^jenUs admi-cuftom, may claim to have, to exempt the fame from dif- nSrator. ution, but that fuch part in the hands of fuch adminiftra-ftvall be fubjedt to distribution as in other cafes within the 1 aA.

LX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, 19 Car. a. c. lat one other adt made in the nineteenth year of King Charles i*°fa%n»g 5 Second, intituled. An act for aligning orders in the exchequer ^ers^00ntinu-thenit revocation, (hall be in force from the first day of this ed for feven efent feflion of parliament, and fo to continue for the fpace year*.

feven years, and from thence to the end of the next feflion r parliament.

X.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Thatla & *3 Car# le other adt made in the two and twentieth and three and ventieth years of his said late Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aft cattle in > prevent frauds in the buying and felling of cattle in Smithfield and Smithfield, tfewlnrey (hall be in force from the four and twentieth day of continued for funey one thoufand fix hundred eighty five, and fo to con-inue for feven years, and from thence to the end of the next & m. c.»4.11 cflion of parliament: Provided, That the said adt, or any thing &n W. j.c. herein contained, (hall not extend to falefmen or fadtors im- *3* 5 Ann*, cloyed by farmers or feeders.  ^'FadforT*

XL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, CXCcptcd. That one other adt made in the two and twentieth and three ia & 13 car. and twentieth years of his said late Majesty’s reign, intituled, a. c. %%. For An act for the better and more certain recovery offines and forfeitures better rccove-due to his Majefoy (hall be in force from the first day of this pre- forfeiture fent feflion of parliament, and fo to continue for the (pace of vived for (even feven years, and from thence to the end of the next feflion of years, parliament.

XII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, ti $c 13 Car. That one other adt of the two and twentieth and three and * c. tj. To twentieth of King Charles the Second, intituled. An act to re-vive an aft, intituled. An act to prevent the dijiurbance of feamen fcam^CCref and other S', and to preserve the/lores belonging to his Majeflfs navy vived for feven royal, with fome alterations ana additions, (hall be in force from the years, first day of this prefent feflion of parliament, and fo to continue for feven years, and from thence to the end of the first fef-fion of the next parliament.

XIII.  And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, a* * *3 That one other adt of the two and twentieth and three and £’acco, revived twentieth of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act to pre- for feven - vent the planting of tobacco in England, and for regulating the plan- year*. tation trade, (hall be in force from the first day of this prefent fef-Vol. VIII.  H  h  fion

4 66

Anrio prime Jacobi H. c.r#.

yew.

lion of parliament, and fo to ccmtinue'for 4isven years, thence to the end of the next fcffion of parliament. seCar.i.ftat. XIV. And be it-farther crofted by the amhority • afowfcfc Mr *'2 fat*?That one other aft made in the thirtieth year of King Ckra far fevrn * *l*e Second, intituled, An ait to traitors to recover fir debts of the executors and adminijtraton of the executors in titer oof wrong, (hall be in force from the first day of this prefem fcfiot of parliament, and fo to continue far feven years, sad £ca^ thence to the end of the fall fcffion of the next paifcanoL

XV.  And be it farther enafted by the Mthonty aibcefaai That one ether aft made in the thirteenth and fourteenth yen! of his said late Majesty’s reign, intituled. An an for preset^ the frequent abufes m printing  , treafonable, and andbuj

books and pamphlets, and for regulating of printing and yrncap prejfes, and every claufe, article, and thing therein oottaneij be revived, and continue in force'from the four and tvwent**' day of June; in the year of our Lord one tbou/and far hundntl eighty five, for the fpace of feven years, and from thence to thi end of the next fcilion of parliament.  1

CAP. XVIII.

M & 14 Car. *• c. 33. the prefi for fe-*cn yean.

An act to entourage the building of firips in England.

WHEREAS for fome years pafl, and more efpecialhjfnci th laying a duty upon coals brought into the river of Thames,

there hath been observed a more than ordinary decay in building fie}: in England, ana particularly in Newcaftle, Hull, Yarmouth, Ipfwich, Alborough, Dunwlch, Walderfwrck, Woodbridge, and Harwich, where many flout flips were yearly built for the ccz and other trade, which were of great use to his Majesty hr time f wary and a nurfery for able feamcn; but by the diftouragemtnt tst trade bath ever fince lain under, occaponed chiefly by the freedom wbih J foreign flips and veflels, bought ana brought into this kingdom^ best J enjoyed in the coal and other inland trade, equal to that of Englilh I built flips*, the merchantsy owners, and otherx, have not been M u I build as formerly, which hath caufed many of our Englilh flaptcnyflii, ' calkers, and feamen, to feel their imployments abroad, whereby tk

building trade is not only whollv loft in feveral of the aforementimei places, and in others very much decayed, but aljo the importation if

Foreign built fhips to pay $%*per ton.

timber, plank, hemp, pitchy tar, iron, mafls, canvas, arj other commodities ujed in building and fitting out flips, are greatly leffind, to the apparent prejudice of his Majefly's cufloms, the lofs of a cm-MerabU imployment for flipping, and confequentfy of au other train depending thereupon, to the too great advantage of foreign nstices:

II.  Be it therefore enabled by the King’s moll excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords spiritual ana temporal, and the commons, in this prefent parliament af-fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all foreign built (hips and veflels, which lhall from henceforth be bought. and brought into the kingdom of England, dominion of Win,v or town of Berwick upon Tweed, and he imployed in carrying or tranfporting any goods or merchandize from port to'porc, as

aforefcid,

^5*1  Anno  primo  Jacobi U.  c.x$.

relaid, :for every voyage (ball pay to bis Majesty, -his heirs 1 fucceflors, at the port of delivery of the re(pedtive lading cfore the delivery thereof) over and above all duties now paid, that Ihall hereafter be payable by Engli/h built {hips, the fum five *£billings per ton, to be^olledted and received by fuch rfbn or .perfons as his Mayefty (hall appoint in that behalf s e moiety .whereof to be for the use of the cheft at Chatham,  ofthe

e other moiety to the mailer, wardens, and afliftants of the inity Houfe of Deptford-Strong for and towards the relief of cnmded and.decayed icamen, their widows and children.

III.  jfnd whereas there are now in England, belongingy or presiding to belong to Englifh owners, many foreign built Jbips and 'ffels which do tranfport coals and other goods from port to port in ngland, as aforefaid, paying no more duty than Englilh Jbips pay 5 e it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all fuch Foreign (hips •rciga ihips (which are not free) for every voyage ihall pay, gjKnd. iter the feaft of St. Mxchaely in the year of our Lord one thou- , ,7^. ton. ind fix hundred eighty and nine, at the rate of twelve pence er ton over and above all duties now paid, or that (hall here-fter be payable by Englijb built (hips, to be difpofed of unto he cheft of Chatham, and the Trinity Houfe of Deptford-Strondy vj moieties as aforefaid, and for the ules before mentioned; which said last mentioned duty of twelve pence per tonalfo Ihall )e collected and received in manner aforefaid, at their refpedtive ports of delivery of their refpe&ive lading, before the delivery thereof.

IV.  And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, The duties to That his Majesty (hall have the fame remedy for receiving and be rec°ver«d, recovering ofthe duties above-mentioned, as are provided in a

certain act of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of our late fovereign lord King Charles the Second, intituled, A fubfidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other fums of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported.

V.  Provided always. That the (aid duties of five (hillings

per ton, and twelve pence per ton, or any part thereof, hereby t0 ** farmcU*

, impofed upon fuch foreign built (hips, which have been heretofore or (hall hereafter be bought or brought into England, (hall not be fet to farm to any person or persons for any term or time,

, or for any rent or.certain payment whatfoever, but that the feveral perfons, who (hall be appointed to receive the fame (hall , a&ually receive the said whole duty payable by every fuch (hip, and account for the fame as by this adt is directed.

1  CAP.  XIX.

An additional aft for the improvement of tillage*

FOrafinuch as by an aft made in the two and twentieth year of uCar-i.c.ij the reign of his late Majejiy, of ever blejfed memory, intituledy Continued by j An act for improvement of tillage, and the breed of cattle, it is9 a & ™ c# tmngft other things^ provided andenaftedy That from and after the AniJttat. i*. nine and twentieth day of June, one tboufand fix hundred and feventy^ c. 13. f. *. 9 and from thence fonuardy.iertaw rates Jbcidd he paid for {by (uftom Ann. c. 6. f *.

H h 2  and  3°*°- *• c- 7*

468  Anno  primo  Jacobi IT. c. 19.  [*€

end poundage of foreign corn and grain imported into this' kingt* according to tit prices of Englifh corn, at the times* tavern* places, when and where the JameJbouldbe imported* as by the fa* aft particularly appearctb :  }

II. And inafmuch as no provifum was made by the said aftfsr certaining and determining the said prices, by reafon tvhereoj Jepen 1 great quantities of foreign corn and grain have been imported wkbut paying the refpeftive duties by the said aft appointed* contrary to true intent and meaning of the said aft :

Juftices upon III. Now for fupplying the said defeat; be it enafted by it the coaftshave King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and cob-P°"cr by thc fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, ~ men to deter- ^lS Prc^ent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of tit minethe prices fame. That from and after the feaft of St. Michael the ar& of corn.  angel next, and from thence forward, it fhall and may be bw-

ful to and for all and every the juftices of the peace for thefe-veral and refpeftive counties within his Majcfty*s kingdom cfj England* dominion of Wales, and the town of Bcrwici upon! Tweed, wherein foreign corn or grain fhall or may be hereafter imported, and they and every of them are hereby injoined aa^ required, at their next refpeftive quarter feflions after Michocl-mas and Eajier~day yearly, by the oaths of two or more honest and fubftantial persons of the refpeftive counties, being neither merchants nor faftors for the importing of com, nor any wars concerned nor interefted in the com fo imported, and each of them having a freehold eftate of twenty pounds per armm, or I a leafehold eftate of fifty pounds per annum, above all charges and reprizes, and being fkilful in the prices of com (which oaths all and every the find juftices are hereby impowered to id-minifter) and by fuch other ways and means as to them (hall feem fit to examine and determine the common market prices of middling Englijh com and grain of the refpeftive forts in the! said aft mentioned, as the fame fhall be commonly bought and I Juftices to cer- fold in the said refpeftive counties into which any foreign com 1 tify /hc|Pr*Sc or grain fhall be imported, and to certify the fame, with two ' cohcdorT to fhch oat^s made as aforefaid in writing annext, unto his Maje-he hung up in fty’s chief officer and colleftor of thecuftoms for the time bc-the cuftom- ing, refiding in the said refpeftive ports or havens where the houic.  faid com and grain fhall be imported, to be hung up in feme

publick place in the cuftom-houfc, to which all persons may refort for their information. f irrio-n rnm  ^ • And lt ls hereby further enafted by the authority afore-

to pav duty laid, That from and alter the said feaft ot St. Michael the arch- I kccoi Jing to angel next, the cuftom and duty of foreign com and grain im- [ th- jidtices ported into any of his Majesty's said dominions of England, ccj uH.ate. Wales* and town of Berwick upon Tweed* appointed by the said aft to be paid, fhall be collected and paid according to the prices I contained in fuch refpeftive certificates as aforefaid, and not otherwife; any thing tn this aft, or in any other law or statute v contained to tne contrary notwithftanding.  I

V. Provided always,- and be it farther enafted by the authority

>85-J  Anno  prupo Jacobi IJ. c.20,21.  469

aforpfaid, .That all that by virtue of this aft is to be done The fame the juftices of the peace at their quarter feilions in their J^d^naVr16 feral counties, fliall be done and performed in like manner in ^ of'lL'n-e city of London, in the months of Oflober and April yearly, don.

< the mayor, aldermen, and juftices of peace there, and that c pcrfons making fuch oaths (hall be no corn-chandler, meal-an, fa&or, merchant, or other person ioterefted in fuch com tir/to, * Geo. to be imported, but fhall be fome ftibftantial houfe-kcepers a. c. i*. & 5 ring in JtSddlefex or Surrey, qualified as afarefaid.  Pco- *• c. it.

CAP. XX.

An aft to enable the inhabitants pf the parifh of St. Anne within the liberty of Weftminfter, to raife money to build a church to be the parifh church there.

CAP. XXL

4n a£t for repealing a claufe for. dividing of commons, in an aff of parliament made in tin fifteenth year of King Charles the Second, intituled> An act for fettling the draining of the great level bf-the4 fens, called Bedford Level.

WHEREAS in and by ana ft ofparliament, made in the fifteenth j 5 Car.*.c.i7.

year of the reign of his late Majejly King Charles the Se- . condy oj ever bhffid memory,. intituled, An act for fettling the draining1, the great level $fw the fens, called Bedford Level, there is afrovtfe, and it was enabled,' That it Jbould and might be lawful for any person or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, their heirs and fuccejfors, that were or Jbould be lords of manors, or have right of common in the commons and wajles in the said level, or withv in any town, parifh, or place, into which the works or draining of any of them did extend,, to improve, fet out, and inclofe, divide, and fever fuch proportion or proportions, as to them Jbould or might fever ally and refpeftively belong, or be adjudged and allotted unto them in feveralty by certain commijfioncrs appointed in the said aft, and a$ they Jbould adjudge and determine*, as by the said claufe in the said aft more fully appears:

II. find whereas, fince the pajfing of the said aft, feveral lords of manors, and others, who had right of common in the feud commons and wajles, did divide and take their fiveral Jhares and proportions thereof:  .

III.  And whereas fuch taking and tutting of the said commons and wajles into small pieces, is fince found to be very prejudicial to the owners and country, being a great wajle of ground tn divificn, which are hard to be kept as fences between parity and party, the road-ways and pafiages through fuch commons, as fit forth, being very low, and generally in bad ground, net pajfable, or well to be amended, where-* by fuch divifions are of little value : xV. Ana whereas it occafwns great diminution of flock, and decay of houfis, many pcrfons Jelling their Jharcs of common from the houfi it belongs unto, to a great impoverijhment, and tnefeafe of the poor $

* to prevent any further inconveninicies thereby ; be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and af*

Cpnt of the lords fpiritaal and temporal, and commons, in this

Anrit> {Srimo JA66&1 H. d.5f. ’  fi-6S:

parliament afTembled, and by the authority of tHe lame, "Fha the fa id claufe in the said a d  lot fitch dividing and indofi^

Hull be and is hereby repealed and made void to-all intents m purpofes: And that no more diviSons or inclofure^ (hail b hereafter mode of (he said wafoes and commons therein am tionedy purfoant to the said aft; any thing therein aonamned • the contrary notwithfianding.

V.  Provided always, and it is fowhar enaded, Thatafi m-dofures already made arid certified into the petty-bogotficB, pn--fuant to the said ad, (hall be held and enjoyed by the owmen thereof, as fully to all intents and purposes, as if thisaAU not been made.

VI.  And whereas feveral persons and tawnfbips, finding the

venieneies of dividing and cutting aforefaid, did come unto agreement and bound  tbmfehes not to divide, hut to- feed and order the Jed

commons and wajles hy way of ate  e flint of cattle in Site proportion, to their great advantage and improvement;  tbofie

nients have been confirmed by the decrees of hit Majefly’s high utr> of chancery:

VTI. Be it therefore enaffcd. That all fheh agreements, to made and confirmed bv the decrees as afarefaid, (hall be, and are hereby ratified, aha binding to all fuch perfori perfons, who Were parties codfentmg to the-fame, and all claiming by, from, or under them, or any of them, and according as m the said decrees are expreffed and contained.

VIII.  And whereas divers per fins, having had dtcreesend adjudications for intlofirres and moments- witmn the said bevel niade by eommijfioners in the said ail appointed, purfitasot-totbr fane tiff, hove negltffed to get the find decrees and adjudications to be figned,  fealed, and certified into the petty-bag office, as by tiefindeB

is dtrefftd: It is now further provided and enacted, That ib many of the said decrees and adjudications already made and impedes as aforefaid, which fhall be made perfect by being figned and fealed by the said commiffioners, and certified into the petty-bag office, in fuch manner as by the said ad is appointed, before the four and twentieth day of June, which fhall be in the year of our Lord one thoufand fix hundred eighty fix, (hall be good and valid in lawtoall intents and purpofes, as if the fame bad been (b perfeded at the time of making this ad, and all inelofuresand allotments by virtue thereof, (hall be enjoyed by the rtfpc&ivc persons interefted, as if this ad had never been matte. And aH fuch of the said decrees, which fhall not be perfeded by the said time in manner and form aforefaid, fhall be utterly void and pall to all intentrand purpofes whatfoever, and aH indoforesby virtue thereof fhall be thrown open, as if fuch decrees or adjudications had never been made; any thing in this ad, or in any taw, ftatute, or ufage contained to the contrary notwjth-fiaqding.

& 5*1 Anno frirpe Jacobi II. g.z%,  471

CAP. XXII.

7  atl for erelting a new parifb to be called  of

James within the liberty of We£tmin(ter.

17HS&EAS a church cm3 Jheple have ban  built in or Church and

' V near to aftreet called Jermin-Street in tbcparifl* of 8k. ^“P*® l^“lt ,n hnrtinm in the Fields in the aunty of MidcUefcx, and the fame SSSSS*' ogetbxrwith the  coemeteryor church-yard thereunto adjoining) bath by the biiliop

on  taoofeeratod by the right reverend father in God Henry lord of London.

(bop of London j which fad church and Jkitlej and tbo wall Erefted “ *be tiffing the church-yard, and other buildings and ornaments therein  e

td thereunto belonging have been built and ere&ed at the charge st. Albans id credit of Henry late earl of St. Albans, the inhabitants, and others. wners and occupiers of the houfes, lands, tenements and hereditaments t the preciud hereafter deferioed, wherein the  of/even  jjteepje'unfi-

o tends or mon bath born expended, part whereof is yet a debt unpaid, nifted, and no ted the feud fteepj* is yet  wrfnijbed, and provided for the houfc for the

obit at ion of a minifier to officiate in the fend church, which will - £S?or> . „ afeon. a greater expence. And forafmuh as it is found nuejfary, and pa^hiai or tbx better accommodatiomand convenieneyof the inhabitants if the and divided 'aid pared nil, that the fame be made parochial and divided from the from St Mar. aid pecrijb of 8k Martins, and that previfen bo made for the build- t*ns* otg cued providing a convenient beufefora reftor or minjfter to officiate made^mafn*-m the said church, and a competent maintenance for him, and fiub tain a miniiter others or JbaH be afleftant to him thorein, as for paying  and others to

inatrrtd for btumng the said ehurch, and mating fitch provi/ion at him:

(ball be needful, to forfeit and fimjb the Jheple,and otberwife it h  debts"8

hereafter exprejfedj *

II. Be it cnaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by •nefc with the advice and oonfent of the lords j%>iritiial and temporal, and commons in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority e (the Tame, That all that precindt included The bounds within the bounds and limits hereafter exprefled, that is to fay, hjJVP of all the honfes, lands and grounds comprehended in a place described, hetwofbee called St. James's Fields, with certain other lands, tenements and hereditaments in the confines thereof, beginning at a boufe fituate at the fouth-fide<of the eaft end of a ftreet ailed Catberine-Street, alias Pall-Mall-Street, in the

tenure or occupation of John Valentine coffee-man, having an i iron balcony, including the said houfe, and extending from thence to the middle denier of the pavement of the Hay-Market-Street over aeainft a house there in the occupation of one Thomas Baum a bdler, talcing m the weft-fide of the (aid ftreet, from the (aid middle denter to the weft-end of Coventry-Street, comprehending the north-fide thereof, and from thence inclining northward by a house in the occupation of ofie John Bolton carver by the well-fide of a ftreet called Prince’s-Street, " including the weft-fide thereof, and proceeding from thence to the fouth-end of the place called Soho, and palling on the weft-fide of the said ftreet or place called Soho, including the faid

H h 4  weft-

47*  • Anno prime Jacobi II.  1*5^

wtft-ftde thereof, to a house being the fign of the7hfiucf oo xk north-eaft corner of a place called Cwrrance bis Conner,9 in chiding the said houfe, and from thence taking in the Jbrnii fide of the road-way called Tyburn-Read weftward to a houi being the fign of the plough at the north-weft comer of a lan 1 *  called  Matybone~Lane,  including  the  faid  houfe,  andiirom  thenc

proceeding fouthwaid on the eaft-fide of the laid lane to th< north-eaft comer of a little field called Crad^ee-FuU* oooapns bending the feme, and the ground from thence weftward to tfe north-weft corner of a field called or known.by the name of tk Ttn-Acres-Field in the tenure and occupation of Richard carl oi Burlington, his affignee or afltgna, including the find, field, and the highway between the feme and the garden wall of the fed earl of Burlington to the north-weft comer of the (aid garden wall, including the said garden and the manfion house of tk said earl, called Burlingtcn-Houfe, fronting the ftreet called Psr-tugal-ftreet, with all the out-houfes, (tables, yards and buddings thereof, and thereunto appertaining, and crofting fro© the Couth-weft corner of the wall of the (aid house in the fed Portugal-Street ^ to the middle denter thereof, excluding ah tte north fide of the laid ftreet weftward from the fouth-weft comer of the said wall, and proceeding from the laid middle denter weftward on the fouth-fide of the feid Portugal-Street to St. James’s-Street, paflmg down the middle part or denter thereof towards St. James's-Hmfey to the middle channel on the fouth-fide of a new ftreet called Park-Place, comprehending til the eaft-fidc of St. James's-Strait to St. James'%-Houfi, and nit the weft-fidc thereof, from the feid middle channel downwards as far as the fame extends, and including the fouth-fide of the feid Park-Place, to the garden of Barbara duchefs of Cleveland* comprehending the feme, together with Cleveland-Heufe^ and all the yards, (tables, out-houfes and buildings thereunto appertaining, and alfo the ftreet which leads from the outward gate of the said hopfe, fronting part of St. Jamefs-Houfe, to the gate of the said houfe, and from thence to the feid PaU-MaU-otreet, comprehending all the houfes, buildings and yards backwards to the wall which indofes that part of St. Jams't-Park which hath beenlately made into a garden, extending to a house inhabited by Anthony Verreo painter, lately in the occupation of one Leonard Girle gardener, and from thence to the house and garden of Thomas earl of Suffix, including the feme. The end of together with the fouth-fide of a little ftreet called Warwicl-the bounds Street to an inn there, being the fign of the Wbite-Hart, ex-eluding the said White-Hart inn, is and (hall be from hence-

S!Mmi™V0rth  c  V" a °f  ff1

the name of ~name of the panfh of Saint James within the Liberty of Weft-6t. James. minfter, and be divided and exempt from the feid parHh of St. Difcharged  Martin,  and from all dependances, offices, charges and eon-

from all de- tributions for or in refped thereof, and from the cure of the * ftnMart?ns°  *nd  vicar of th* »*d panfli of St. Martin and their re-

And from all fpettive fucceffors, and alfo difcharged of all tythes, oblations, tytfccs, &c.  obven-

4 73

i 4585.] Anno primo Jacobi H.c.m.

»l>vemton vmortuaries, • Eaftcr-books, and all other parochial duties whatfocver relating to the Same. ...  ,

III.  And be it farther enafted, That the find church fituate The churrh-within theparecinft afore&id* and the ground thereunto adjoining,

indofed and ufed for a coemetery or church-yard, (hall be the ^ parfm ^ parifh church and church-yard of the feklpariuk of St. James* church auid

IV.  And the fame is hereby eoa&ed and declared to be for church-yard ever Separated and dedioatedto the fervice of God, and to be °fSt* James, applied therein to tht use and behalf of the inhabitants

time to time inhabiting and to inhabit there ; and that there the fervice of fhall be a re&or to have care of the fouls of the inhabitants. God. of the said parifh, and a perpetual fucceflion of renters there. A refior and

V.  And be it eroded, That 'Thomas Termi/onAo&OY of divinity, [^effivc rcc* the prefent vicar of the said parish of St. Ahrtins (who hath x)r/Tennilbn fince the confecration of the said church, very well and jre-copftituted the Jigionfly by himfelf, and other pious and learned minifters (by first rettor. him procured) fuppHed the feme in all divine offices for the To ** inc°*m fervice of God, and the inftrudtion of the inhabitants in the {J!^ Ai^cf. true chriftian religion) is hereby confidtuted the first redtor fion. thereof, and be and his fucccffors refers of the feid parifh Stall Enabled to fee he incorporate, and fhall have capacity and foecemon by the H1*1,1* rucd-name of the re&or of the parifh*church x)f St. James within houfe^refted the liberty of fFeJhninfier^ and Stall be hereby enabled to fee; for him. and be fixed by that name in all courts and places in this realm. To ourchafe and fhall havethe care of the fouls of the inhabitants within oyer the said parifh, and have and enjoy to him and bis fucceflbrs p“crcant

for ever/ one mcfliiage or tenement for bk habitation, in- dowment, not tended to be ereded on part of the said church-yard, or near exceeding thereunto, and alfb-to purchase and take lanas, tenements %oolt P*r and hereditaments to him andithem, redors of the said parifh annum* and parifhrcburch, over and above the rents, tenements and hereditaments hereby fettled on the said re&or, and his fuc-ceffors, not exceeding the yearly value of two hundred pounds.

VI.  And that the .patronage, advowfon, donation, or pre- The advow-

fentation of and to the feid rectory after the deceafe of the feid fen after the first redor, or next avoidance thereof, fhall appertain and be-  'the**

long to,, and be hereby vefted in the lord bifhop of London and biftop of Lon-his fucceflbrs, and Thomas lord Jermine and his heirs for don and lord ever; that is to fay, the first redtor after fuch deceafe or avoid- Jermine and ance fhall be prefented or collated by the lord bifhop of London Xwo turns for the time being; and the next to fucceed him fhall be pre* to*be in the

f fented hy the lord Jermine.and his heir*, and the two next fuc- lord bifeop of ceeding turns by the ford bifhop oiLondon and his fucceflbrs, and London, and the next turn by the lord Jermine and his heirs \ and the bite feccefEon of twotumsfor the lord bifhop of London and bis fuc- fuccdT10n for ceffors, and one turn for the lord Jermine and his heirs fhall be all times to ufed for all time to come.  come.

Vaughan 19. 4 Mod. *90, too* x Show* 164. Show. pari. Caf. 164. 1 Ld. Raym. 13 ** Wats. Comp, Incumb. 74, no.

VII.  Provided always, and be , it eroded, That all thefuc-rThe redor t© ceeding refers jof the fei4 parifh, s*nd parifii-church, (except be collated,

^  the  predated and

474  Anno ptutno jACOftfi 1L tfcaa. £ 16$$

inftituted as fhs first rtdbe thereof hsceby ooaftkutedjt (had be yHiftotrii other redars oollated, inftituted and ioducbed; as other reflors paifont and *re"  eimw  ttSotdivtlvam-anontfhmod' Hi hti

To take the  VIII. And beat farther grafted,. That the first ceftor, andafi

like chi ties, &e. the fiiceeeding mftora thereof, ftiaU and may have, take and as the vicar of enjoy fuchsud) tfarhko atiatiana, mortuaries, Eaftec-boofts or St, Martins, qfljjjug^ and other acckfiafticafc duties arifing within thr feid parifii of St. James, a&tfae vicar of St. Martin now aqjqycth, like profit« fand Audi have foeh and thslifca poofes of bands is the chined buriafsm the of the hid cbureh of St. Jcuut a the fame is limited at the ch*ncc ’ inflnwu m of eonfeoeariore thereof, and at the hid view *f St.

Aiartbchath or aright ufoaily take for buaial in thochancef or’ The endow- the laid church of St. Martin,, and (heft alia be faxed in meat of the. hie and their dariefti as of fit*, ao in the right of the^ebuneh, of >«|^r def- am] in a certain toft fituate on the nooth-dide, and eaft-end of m  the fad chanhyni, containing- in fiant towards PieJudUif-

Street alias PartngnLStreet, thirty then feet af.n-fiae.a hide —ore or lefo, and m depth, backward thirty two foot- and fix inches, and of and in a. certain, pieoe er pmcei of graond where-aafanefttHw and tracments are erased, now er late irr the te-nrxrfr or occupation of Sir H of Petibam in the county of Surrey barooet, and Hamm Band, efiyuiar, youngeft Iba of the hid Sir Hums Beni, their affign or affigpv tenant or under-tenants, containing in front neat die laid finer*. forty feet, and in. depth backward frventy fere fret, lktienwe er kfi, abutting on die laid hut north, and on the sad and fbuth on the fiud cfcuroh-yaxri, and the giuuurl no* -cr httcraf AntbenyWart bricfcfbyar on die weft, and the two mcfiuages or tenements fronting the said hut, ere' now or late in the tenure or occupation of Rkbard Maybune rarpmsrr, and the other now or late in the terrace of Juba  with all the

rants, ifiuesand profits thereof, after the expintion of aterm of years therein granted to the find Sir Hamm Band, aqd Hemm Bend, by one indenture bearing date the firren and twentieth day or January, one thoafend fin hundred eighty four; and alfo of and in five houfits or tenements with, the appurtenances, fituate in the said Unset called Jemma^Street, now or late in the tenure or occupation of Sir  Wood,  alias

Cramter knight, hit align or affigns, tenant or tenants, containing in front from eaft to weft one hundred and twenty fix feet, and m depth backward feurftore and dnee feet, a little more or left, and of and in the yearly rent of fixty pounds rs-forvod upon a denaife thereof to the aid Sir Csfar Wood, abas Creamer, for the term of fifty fix years five months and twenty days, bearing date the tenth day of  one  thooftnd  fix

hundred eighty three, and other the rents, ifibes and profits thereof after the expiration of the said term, and the revedkra and reverfions, remainder and remainders of the premifin and every of them : facing unto the said Hamas Tennifin aH his > right, title and intereft in and to the premiffts, or any of them which he hath or may claim by virtue of one indenture of

mortgage

685-1' Anno pritna Jacobi- Hi c.«r.  475

nartgagti damning daw thmrighttenth.day of MOf, one tfamir and fix* hmudsedr eighty; and) four, and to> ail and every other jerfon on pterionsother thanr the King’s majefty, his heirs and* uficefforsv and- other than. die trotbees of the {aid Henry late1 '.vA of. Set. Albany, or any other person or persons in truflr or him, hr~ hrrn, niTiiniinnj idntiniftntnn and lispi. ill then right, title, intend, daimo® dbnasnd>ttt the prenaftss or inyof theiu.

•- iX. Andi it) {hall and nay be lawfid for tb* Aid rtdv and The reftor hid fitcoeffim re&ornofthe find parilh of Sr Jama tor the date may grant being! tPgTantand dbaaifgfnch- of thopramSmo* any part there-leftJes for4? of (as an nose in leafo)at the expiration or other /(tenor deter-imitation of fuck kafirfor the tenn of one and forty yean upon without fine*, x rcribnoble irttprowd yearly rent, without takingany fine for thaimni

'X. And be k tnoAedl by the authority aforefaid, That the The inbabi-inhabitgnts of the Audi parifh of St. Jamas (hail be from time tan** f“bie* to time fubje& to the laws and ftatutes now in force, or hem* choke of after : to be made for the choke of churchwardens, overfeers of churchwar-the poon, fcavengsrs, fbrveyors of the highway*, conftaMwaad dens and other fuck other like parilh officer* and other par oofs al dudes withini Padfll officers tkr Aid tmhhm-like moaner as the inhabitants of the (aid pa~ JS rifh of' at. Martins one or might be fabjedt add liable unta (ex-'officers of cept -where it (hall be otherwife hereby appointed): and than St. Martins in the overfietsof the poor, cooftabfca, beadles and {Scavengers being-ar the of the fitid prih df St. Martins which Audi' be in thofoomcexi an die end «f this preterit kfiion of parKament, ihaDcoadiuwI|ient> tberan, and execute those affiec* in the Aid parifh  St. Janus- «cut«’tfaofe of.

tiU the Staff of Eafbr then next eniuing, and the ftuneyors of fkesin the the highways of the Aid parhkof St. Martin then in being fhali E"**J ^.s>* execute their office in the laid parifh of St. Jamas ham the Aid rad-end of this feffion of parliament till the fem of  then  Chdftmas

next following, and no longer.  next.

; XI. And be it farther enafted, That Haynes carpenter, Mr. Haynes and WilUam  Natt bookbinder, fhali and are hereby conftituted  Nolt

the first churchwardens of the Aid parifh of St. Janus, to have, hold and execute the Aid offices tiU the feaft of Setter which dens of St.' {hall be in the year of our Lord, one thdu&nd fix hundred James, eighty fix, and they and their fucceflbra churchwardens of the To continue ^ Aid parifti of Sc. James, fhali have and receive fitch and the Hke T^receive6*5* church duties and petquifites as the churchwardens of the Aid fj,ch duties as parifh of Sr. Martins da* may, might or ought to recerw, and the church-(hall tar accountable tea the fame, and all other asooey thxt wardens of (hail-eonivtothem as churchwardens, m (och manner as church- St'(iI^.aiM1^’ wardens of other parifhe* within the city and liberties of Wefla ^cou atab)e Mi  tifterift or ought 10 be.  for the fame.

XII. Provided always, and be it enafted, That all fadUThe veftry-veftrymen of the Aid parifh of St. Martin as are inhabitants;men s.r-within the precindta afore&id, and all fnch others as are now  ,“*ar

ConAitated to be fuptrvifors and cotmniffioners for the Aid ja„vs parifh (buKb of St, Jamas by the Aid lord bifbop of  (hall  be  and the fuper-

veftry-

 booQle

476  Anno  primo  Jacobi  II.  G.22.  £1670.

vigors of the veftrymen of the said parilh of St. James, and they together nidi °'*11 the laid redtor of the (aid parilh, or any fix or more of them men diereof. (hall and are hereby authorized at their first or fecond meeting They (hall after the end of this prefent feflioa of parliament, to elcd to cleft addi- many additional veftrymen inhabitants and bondholders with-tional veftry- ja ^ fad parilh, as (hall.make the number of the whole nidi' The reftor  re<^or  and churchwardens (or the .time being to be (bur

and veftrymen and thirty perfons, and the (aid veftrymen, or any fix or more have the like of them, (whereof the redtar for thetime bring, or his aflifhnt power a* ve- m c|erk by his appointment, and one of the churchwardens to Martins.”1 S* he two) (hall and may have and exerdfe the like power and authority for ordering and regulating the affairs of the find parilh of St. James as the veftrymen of the said parilh of Sl Aforti* now have and excrcife in reference to the (aid parilh of St. Afertnr, and upon the death or other voidance of any fuch veftranan, they or any. fix or more of them, ftiall and may eledt a at perron, inhabitant and houlholder in the said parilh, to fiipply the fame.

Pews not to be XIII. Provided always, and be it enadled. That the cburch-bvconfent of* w#r<*ens °f the said parilh for the time being, (hall nqt at any the veftrymen. tune difpofc of any of the pews or places in pews in the

church, to any person not an inhabitant thereof^ nor without the confent and allowance of the veftrymen for time being or s any fix or more of them.

The reftor  XIV. And be it enadted by the authority aforefiud. That the

*jthc®"fent°f redtor of the said parilh for the. time being (hall and may, by *nmin»*» a° an^ with the content of the said veftrymen and churchwarden* preacher to be thereof for the time bring, or any fix or more of them, wbete-•fllftanttohim. of one of the churchwardens to be one from time to time.

nate a clerk to be in priefts orders.

One or more fextons.

To have the fees as clerk

And  nominate  one  able tninifter in priefts orders to refide in the (ad

“’parilh, to be preacher and alfiftant to the said redtor and bis fuccelibrs in the. celebration of the divine offices of praying and preaching, and other duties incident to. be performed in the (aid church and parilh, as the red!or (hall require of him; as tiers. an<* (*(cewt(® to nominate a fit person in like orders to. be clerk and fextons of °f the said parilh and parilh-church, and one or more Textre St. Martins, or fextons; to which clerk and fextons refpedtively there Preacher, (hall be fuch and the like dues, fees, perquifites and proto fextoruo be and allowed, as are or have at any time been.paid or pav-for life. able, or belonging to the clerk arid fextons of .the. fiud jpariui-Yet fobjeft for Church of St. Martin refpedtively: which said preacher, auiftant, mifgovern- clerk and fexton or fextons, and every of them, (hall continue ^placed  ^  (**d  P*306  during  his  .or their, natural lives, if they (hall

p ’ fblang inhabitthere, except for fame offence or mifgpvemmeot by them or any of them committed (and, unlefa for caufe reafan-able proved) they (hall be difplaced.by the said rector for the time bring by and with the confent of the said veftry-mcn, or any fix or more of them.

Thirty pounds XV. And be it enadted. That the churchwardens of the aJero^he* ^a'd parifti of St. James for the time being, (hall and are hereby clerk.  required (root time to time to pay the yearly fam of thirty pounds

[6^6.1 Annoprimo Jacobi II. c.22.  477

o the clerk to be appointed as aforefaid out of the profits of he pews in the said church, and other the duties, profits and lerquifites to them accruing as aforefaid lw four quarterly pay-nents, that is to fay, on the feaft of St. Michael the archangel, he birth of our Lord God, the annunciation of the blened irgfti Maryy and St. Jthn the baptift, or ten days after every f the said refpe&ive feam by equal and even portions 5 the first •ayment to be accounted due and payable from the first of the aid fcafts that fhall happen after the end of this prefent feffion >f parliament.

XVI.  And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That An eftimatt he said churchwardens and veftrymen, or any fix or more of to be made of hem, (hall and are herety authorized and required within ten the charge of lays after the end of this feffion of parliament, to make orcaufe  “

0  be made an eftitnate in writing under the hand or hands of F ome fufficient person or persons qualified for the fame, of the :harge of fmrfhiftg the fteeple of the said church, and providing

1  clock, and one or more bells for the fame, and other works leceflary and requifite in and about the said church and fteeple, building md of building a convenient house for the redtor. And fuch a house for 5 Turn or fums of money as fhall appear to them upon fuch the re&or. jftimate to be in their judgments competent to accomplifh the And to pay the premifles, and to (atisfy and pay the debts incurred for or by forbuilcfing** reafon of the said church, (hall be by them or any fix or more the church, of them charged upon all and every of the inhabitants, owners Which (hall and occupiers of lands, tenements and hereditaments, or any be charged on perfonal eftate within the (aid parifh, to be by them paid in ^^occu^er* four years by fixteen quarterly and fucceflive payments 5 the 0f houfe*?1 to first whereof to commence and become payable to the church- bopaidinfour wardens for the time bang, who are hereby authorized to re- yean by fix-ceive the fame at the first of the feaft days aforefaid, as (haH tCfn <lu*rtcr,y happen after the afieffing and taxing thereof) and the reft to be Th^church-fucceflively to them alfo quarterly paid 2% the fucceeding feaft- wardens and days aforefaid until all the said fixteen quarterly payments fhall vellrymen be made and finifhed; and the said churchwardens and veftry- toall affefeand men, or any fix or more of them, are hereby required and au-

thorized within ten days after the first of the feafts that (hall payments, happen after the end of this fefliem of parliament, to aflefs, tax Which (hall and rate the first of the said quarterly payments after a pound- he confirmed rate, according to the improved yearly values of the premifles, or other wife as they fhall think meft, and in like manner to 0 pcacc* aflfefs every other of the said quarterly payments within ten days after the time of payment of the next preceeding quarterly payment, all which laid affefiments (hall be confirmed and allowed by the two next juftices of the peace of and dwelling within the city and liberty of Wejlminfter, under their hands and feafs, and be colleded by fuch persons inhabitants of the said parifh, as the said veftrymen, or aqy fix or more of them (hall from time to time under th eir hands and feals appoint.

XVII.  Provided always, and be it enadted, That no tenant No tenant or occupier of any of the find lands, tenements and hereditaments

4?8 fifth part of the tax on the landlord.

If the eilimate be not (efficient, anew charge may be made.

So as the whole tax to be railed in 4. years forthechurch, do not exceed aoool.

Tenants to pay the tax rated on them.

And dedoft the fame out of their rent.

Landlords fhall allow of fuch deduGr (ion.

Debts and contracts with artificers (hall be regiltred. Incumbrances on the houles fettled on the re&or fhall be first dif-charged. Workmen fhall be

in courie according to the-dates of the

their debits. And moderate intereft for forbearance. .

Anno primo Jaoom H. £*22.  *  £

mente AaU bcmrtcd for bin or her perfimal eftafee m quarterly payment, at lefe than a fifth part of the upon the landlord uf the fame.

XVIII.  And that if the eftimate and computation to beawfe as aforefidd, (hall not be fufficient todifcharge the debts incurred about the building of the Aid church and findh the fteepie, and ottarthe works hcreby intended to be done. The Aid veftrymeu, or any fix or more of ahem, (hall and may ehatge and.afids any fiich additional film or fiups upon the Caki inhabitants, owners and occupiers, as (hall be needful toper-feA and accompiifh the lame, fo as fitch additional fum, together with the fum hereby charged and, payable by the hid fii-teen quarterly payments exceed net in the whole* the fum at two thoufmnd pounds.

XIX.  And be it enaAed, That the ieveral and relpeAive tenants or tenant of all.houfes and lands which (hall be

or rated by virtue of this aft .for the purpofes aforei aid, are hereby authorized and required to .pay fuch fum or lum^ d money as-fliall be taxed, rated or .aifetied upon fuch house or land, or upon them or any of them in refaect thereof* and to deduA out of their rent (b much of the faklratcs, as in acfpeft of the said rent of every fuoh house and land* the landlord (hould or ought to pay and bear, and the (aid landlords mediate and immediate, according to their refpeAive interefts, are hereby required to allow fum deduAioos and payments upon the receipt of the refidue of tbe rents; and every tenant paying the said tax or afleffinent, (hall be acquitted and difeharged for fo much money as the (aid tax or afiefiment (hall amount unto, as if the fame had been aAnafiypaid unto fuch person or per- < fons unto whom his or her rent (houid have been due and payable.

XX.  And be it farther enaAod, That the: churchwardens of the said pariflLof St. Janus (hall anafe all the debts, credits and contra As made and to be made, with or by the artificers ami workmen employed or to be employed:for any work or building to be made or done in or about the premifies, > to boentrad and regiftred in one or more book or books (to be kept for that purpofe) and the said veftrymen, or any fist or more of them, out of the money coUeAea and pud to the said ’churchwardens upon the Aid quarterly payments, (ball in the fir# place pay and difeharge, or cauie to be paid and difebarged* :all fiich debts, mortgages and incumbrances wherewith any of the houfes hereby fettled on the reAor, are in any manner affefted or incumbred, and after the dilcharge thereof* (hall then ifTue and pay, or caufe to be ifiued and paid to the artificers and workmen employed or to be employed in and about the finifiling of the Aid fteeple, house and premifies, all and every fum and films of money now or hereafter due and payable unto them, their executors, adminiftrators or afligns, proportion- * ably, according to the dates of the regiftring of their debts

. -  .and

479

wr685.]  Anno piSmo Jacobi IL c.  22.

and credits, as aforefaid, with moderate inierefcfar their forbearance thereof.

XXI.  And be it Trailed by the authority aforefaid, That the churchwardens of the fiua parrfh for the time being, together with four, three or more fubftant ial ban (holders thereof, tfaall upon the Tuefday in Eafter-wtek next after the end of this feflion of parliament, or at any time within ten days after the said Tuifday^ and fo yeariytforever, proportionately tax, rate and saflefsthe yearly him of one hundred pounds upon the inhabitants and occupiers of lands, houfes, tenements and hereditaments within the (aid parifh for the payment of the preacher afiiftant to be nominated and appointed as aforefaid ; which laid aflefiment (hall be confirmed and allowed in fuch manner as other the afTeflinents hereby appointed to be made as afore-faid, and be collected and paid yearly to the church-wardens for the time being, by fuch person or persons as the said churchwardens (hall appoint at the four ufual feafts, or times of he eoIWl-the year before mentioned. The first payment to begin and be to the church-made at the feail of St. John the boptift next after the taxing and wardens, aflefling thereof; and the said churchwardens, or either of them,

fhall pay the said yearly fum of one hundred pounds over and The tool, above all charges and deductions for collecting the fame to the said preacher afiiftant for the time being, to be nominated as to the preach^ aforefaid, upon the said four ufual feafts or terms in the year, er by quarter-by even and equal portions; the first payment to begin at the ly payments, said feaft of the nativity of St. John the baptift last mentioned.

XXII.  And it is hereby enafted and ordained. That in cafe Upon default a default of payment happen of any of the fotns aforefaid, to be ot payment paid by the churchwardens for the time being, or any of them, ©r clerk^ to the laid preacher afiiftant, or clerk, and lawfifi demand there- The juttices of being made at the dwelling-houfe of any of the said church- (hall give re-wardens, that then the two next juftices of the peaceof the place Heft .

Ihall and may upon complaint of the party grieved in this be- ™church )° half give relief according to the true intent erf this aft, and fhall w^en^t'dl and may caufe the churchwarden or churchwardens offending payment be therein, to be imprifoned, till payment be made erf what (hall made, be fo behind and unpaid.

XXIII.  And be it entiled, That the said churchwardens Taxes may be together with four, throe or more fubftantial houfholders us made to re-aforeflud, (hall and are hereby authorized from time to time, to pair the make rates and afiefiinents upon the inhabitants and occupiers charch and as aforefaid, for the railing money for the payment of fcavengers fleets! thC or rakers for cleanfing the streets of the (aid parifh, and likewrfe The taxes for for repairing and amending the church, fleeple, church-yard the church to and veftry-room of the said parifh when need fhall be. The b* P*id t0 tbe said rates, taxes and afTeflinents for repairing and amending the jeJJJ. war~ church and premifles, to be paid to the ThuCchwardens of the Confirmed said parifh, and thofeand all other the said last mentioned rates, and allowed

f taxes and afTeflinents to be made and collected, confirmed, and as other taxes, allowed as aforefaid.

100 1. per amt. (ball be yearly taxed for the preacher.

XX{V. Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That fqr .the Notice to be better and more easy taxing and making of the afiefiments for giten in the

y 

 '

480

drurch at Eafter to hou (holders by name to make taxes*

Remedy for default of notice or meeting.

The offender to pay 5 J. to the preacher.

Remedy for deficiencies in the alTeff-mcnts.

The fame to be re-afleiTed. Negligence of officers punched.

Remedy to levy the tax on ref ufers 01 negle&ers to pay.

Penalty for conveying a-way goods. Two juftices may decide differences between landlord and tenant, and relieve persons over-rated*

Anno prime Jacobi n. c. 22.  [1685,

the payment of a preacher affiftant as srforefaid, the churchwardens (hall on every Eafter-day after the end of this feffion of parliament give notice in the church by name to fuch and fo many fubftantial hou(holders as they think fit to aflcmbJe and meet with them on the next Tuifiay after in the veftry or chan-cel of the hid church to make the said afleflinent. And if notice be not Riven, and a meeting thereupon had by and with the persons To named, then every of them offending therein, which (hall not make proof of a reafonable caufe of his abficnce before fomc one juftice of the peace of the city and liberty of IVeJlminJleri (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds to the hid preacher to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the hand and feal of any one juftice of the peace as aforefaid, rendring the overplus to the owner thereof after deduction of reafonable charges for levying the fame.

XXV.  And be it farther enalted, That if any of the said afleflinents (hall be taxed or aflefled on any person not of abflky to pay the fame, or upon any house that alter the making thereof (hall become void, whereby the fame cannot be collected; or that through any wilfiilnefs or deficiency of a collector, or any miftake or accident whatfoever there be a deficiency in one df the (aid quarterly or other payments, or fums of money payable by this alt, the fame (hall be re-afleiTed, or added to the next luccceding afleflinent, and be therewith re-aflefled, col-Idled and levied in manner as aforefaid.

XXVI.  Provided always, and be it enalted. That if any person nominated to be a coildtor of, or for any tax oraflefl-ment made by virtue of this alt, (hall refufe to accept the office, or be negligent in his duty therein, he (hall forfeit for every offence the fum of forty (hillings to the use of the poor of the (aid parifh, to be levied by warrant of any one juftice of the peace as aforefaid, under his hand and feal, by diftrefs and (ale of his goods, to be taken and juftified to the use aforefaid. And if any person (hall refufe or negled to pay the sum or sums of money on him or her rated or aflefled by virtue of this alt, k fhall and may be lawful for the said colleltors by warrant under the hands and fealsof any two juftices of the peace of the place, to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the offender, rendring the overplus to the owners thereof after dedudion of reafonaUe charges for making the fame. And if any person or

■ persons fo refufing or negleltmg as aforefaid (hall convey away their goods, whereby the fum aflefled cannot be levied, any two juftices of the peace as aforefaid are hereby impowred by warrant under their hands and feals to imprifon the offender, (not being a peer or pterefs of this realm) and to caufe him or her to be detained in the common gaol of the (aid city and liberty of JVejiminfttr till the fum on him or her be taxed, and the ’ charges for bringing in the fame, be fatisfied. And if any difference (hall arite. between landlord and tenant, or any other * person concerning any of the said quarterly afleflinents, or if any person (hall find nim or her (elf grieved with any afleff-

menu

i 5-3; Anno primp Jacobi IL c.22.  481

rvt or tax made l*y virtue of this adt, any two juftices of the *ce as afocefaid, mall ^id have hereby power finally to hear, tie determine the fame a$ they (hall think meet.

XXJVII. Provided always, That mch furos of moneyas (hall Scavengers yearly afifelfcd in the &id parifh of St. James for cleanfing ^sd0{-ut^vecy*

* ftreots, and repairing the highways, mall be yearly ac- highways anted for by the (Scavengers and furveyors of the highways (hall yearly rpedkiycly wofch cojledted the fame, to two or more of tne account, lices afortfaid, within four days after the electing of new ^aJJ Pa? avengers end furveyors pf the highways for the enfuing year, InainingYn^" id &ich fuip or fums as (ball bp remaining in their hands, (hall their hands to J by them paid over to the next fucceeding fcavengers and fur- the fucceed-:yors pf tbe highways refcedttvely, and any two fuch juftices in£ fcavcn-; tbp p*ace flujll and may by virtue hereof, commit every off Avengers le said fcavengers or furveyors to the said common gaol, which and funreyort lall refufe to account, there to remain without bail or main- refuting to ac-^ ris&$ lentil he have made a true account, and fatisfied and paid. 5oun5’

> much as upon the fame (hall be remaining in his hands, and otte<1* le (freriffs of AftddJtfex, or his or their under-(heriffs, and the aiViff of K^miff/ler and his deputy or deputies, and all con-tables in thp city and liberties of Wejiminfter, are hereby required to be aiding and affiftiug when thereunto required, in he execution of this a&.

XXVIII.  And be it enadted, That the dean of the collegiate The dean of :hurch of St. Peters in WeJlpiinJUr, or his fucceflors, or the Weftmintter, ligh* fteward there for the time being, (hall and are hereby re- adVt?onal }uired and authorized on the next Thurfday in Eajier-week next burgefles. after the end of this feflion of parliament, and fo yearly for ever hereafter to nominate and eledf two fufficient persons inhabiting within the said pari(h of St. James, to be additional burgefles to those already conftifuted by virtue of one adt of parliament made in the twenty-feventh year of the reign of Qpcra Elizabeth intituled. An aO for the good government tf the eity mti borough of Weftminfter in the county of Middlefex; unto Wards to be the government, of every vhich burettes, there (hall be a £et for ■ward fet out by ft metes and bounds in the said parifh of St. gefl*C9.UJ>

: James*

XXIX,  And for the more aid and afliftance of the said bur- The dean,&e.

, geffes, it is hereby enadted, That the said dean or his fuccef- and burgefles tors, or the (aid high fteward or his lawful deputy, with all the jP.chufc a*? j burgeffes then in being, or the more part of them, within eight burgeflbsl C , days after the eledlion and choice of the said two burgefles, j nominate and eledf two other able persons inhabiting in the said parifli, to be afliftants to the said burgefles; which said bur-Burgefles gefles and afliftants (hall take the oaths appointed by the said Ja^^lieoaths ! adt to be taken by burgefles and afliftants, and continue in appointed, their places, (if they (hall inhabit in the said parifli) for fuch And to con-time, and be fupplied upon death or removal, as other burgefles tinue and be 4 and afliftants are thereby to continue and be fupplied, and (hall To accept the alfo accept, occupy and enjoy the said rooms upon the pains to offices upon be refpedtively impofed by the said adt upon burgefles and aflift- pains to be Vol, VIII,  I  i  ants  inflated.

482  Anno  primo  Jacobi  II.  c.22.  [1685*

ants that (hall refiife the fame, to be levied of every of diem, as therein it is ordained. And every of the said burgefles, together with his afliftant (hall and may do, and deal within the •  ward, to them appointed in eveiy thins and things, as alder-

of thebur-  mea,s deputies in the city of London lawfully do Or might at any

geffes and  time lawfully have done, and lhall have and enjoy fuch and the

affiftanti.  like liberties, priviledges and authorities in all relpe&s, as other

burgefles and afliftants of the (aid city and liberties of Wefl-minjfer by the said a<ft do or may enjoy. And (hall and are THheir privi- hereby enabled to do and execute all and every the like ad and ^tfloddes. deed, thing and things to be thereby done and executed by them or any of them.

Remedy if XXX. Provided always, That in cafe the dean of Wtfl-the dean of minjter aforefaid, or his fucceflfors, and the high fteward for the Ike! ihaff not t*mc  and  his lawful deputy, (hall not nominate and eled

cled bur-  burgefles and afliftants for the (aid parifh of St. James at tbe

gelTes an<)  times before limited, that then it (hall and may be lawful for

two iuftices of the peace within the county of MiddUfex or city and liberty of fVeJfminJiery whereof one to be of the quorum, to nominate and choofe the said burgefles and afliftants, which being fo by them nominated and chofen, (hall occupy and enjoy the said rooms upon the pains in the said recited a<5k limited, and have and enjoy fuch rights and liberties and authorities in all refpeds, as if they had been nominated and eleded by the hud dean and high fteward as aforefaid.

The lord bi- XXXI. Provided always, and be it enafled. That the lord ftiop pf Lon- fcjfhop of London and his fucceflfors (hall and may at all times cute'eccSiaf- hereafter execute ecclefiaftical jurifdi&ion in the (aid pan(h of tica) jurifdic- St. James as he or they may do in any other parith within the tion in the  diocefs of London.

parifliXXXII. And be it enabled. That if any a&ions, plaint, or fuit mfons fued or information (hall be commenced or profecuted against any per-may pjead the fon orperfons for what he or they (hall do in pursuance or exc-general HTue, cution of this alt, fuch person and persons fo fued may picad an^rcP°Jcr the general iflue of not guilty, and upon any iflue joined, give treble cofts. ;s a# an(j t^c efpedal matter in evidence ; and it the plaintiff or profecutor (hall become nonfuit or fuffer a difcontinuance, or if a verdieft pafs against him, the defendants (hall recover treble cofts, for which they (hall have the like remedy as in any cafe where cofts by the law are given to defendants.

The End of tbe Eighth Volume.

